What do you think Roblox should do about its safety issue?  Also, thanks for 1.73M subscribers - we are approaching 2M so fast! 🚀
Is it just me, or do those executives look like PDFs themselves? 🤔 Yeah, didn't think so 👀
Roblox going to end
The irony is Chris Hanson exploited the Onision scandal and his victims to further his career.
MEH, most CEOS in America are probably on the Epstein List.
At this point I'd have filed a direct lawsuit against Baszucki, since he's the one who appears to not give a shot.
Roblox should be terminated today!!!
Roblox stock is 81% YTD as of 11/2025. Not that I care either way, but that's far from a downfall.
I also hate how YouTube protects them they make you say pdf file while you should just be able to say the entire word it's so stupid when you try to warn or educate and the sites resitrict it
So the higher the ladder goes the more active they are against protecting children... how interesting... almost like the guys that have money have similar interests... almost like a club... oh... oh no... Epstein Files MIA
Roblox let their popularity get to them. They thought they were too big to fail like some arrogant Large business in a TV drama.
Honestly, our u.s. laws should give groomers and pedos capital punishments.
Roblox is funny because they’re getting sued by Kentucky
Who thinks roblox should be raided by the HSI
I just realized that schlep sounds like maliboomer
Did you just call Chris Hansen a grifter lmao
people moved on way to fast from this btw the fact that there still people on there doing that and the game still has like 2millon players like wht are we doing
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 You crazy kid, the Roblox game is cool  Roblox has New Feature to report Roblox Blocked the game Schlep is bad
This is crazy...
14:13 he looks like and pedo
Rblox, njsnj and vsj is competing for the most disastrous PR in the decade and perhaps century damn. I hope rblox shuts down asap 🙄
AI Thumbnail 🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦
who wants to help me form an organization dedicated to the hunting of adult content & users, we train assassin's & a facility for different purposes of the inmates
yk its serious when MoistCr1TiKaL appears in a video
We banned our young boy from Roblox about 8 months ago. I didnt know about how bad all this was but seeing some of the things on the game plus how angry he got when on it, it was an easy choice and given all this...im glad its being investigated and people are holding it to account.
The situation has died out a LOT so I don’t think schlep is getting unbanned , if he isn’t unbanned by 2026, he isn’t coming back
Bro I hate Roblox for this but I still hope it dose’t get deleted cuz I still love Roblox and most of my friends on on it
videos are very similar visual venture
Who cares about pedophiles online WHEN THERE IS A PEDOPHILE IN THE FUCKING WHITE HOUSE?!?!??? RELEASE THE EPSTEIN FILES!!!
Roblox being a cruel Roahl Dahl type person to Schlep is absurd cause like why banned him if he’s fixing your problems with the predators but you sue him after? That’s just absurd.🤦‍♂️
roblox destroying itself is kinda entertaining after the fact schlep did nothing wrong
i hope the good guys keep winning!!!
As a 11 year old kid. I agree with this. I have been avoiding predators and inappropriate games in roblox. I have been doing this for 3 or 5 years
It’s kind of upsetting because there are actually a lot of good games out there like doors and really good creators out there who make amazing games.
Kinda like trump and the Epstein files. He promised to release them, now he’s trying to hide them and protect the elite pedos.   For what it’s worth, there’s not a lefty alive who *DOESN’T* want Bill Clinton buried under the jail if he’s on that list. We *want* him to fry if he’s guilty. Expose them all and destroy them.
And now their stocks have rebounded.  Nothing ever happens.
Roblox had way more controversy that has been "ignored"... for example the Fascism that was heavily present on the platform in 2010s
YOU KNOW WHAT I'M DONE I'M FIX THIS PROBLOM I'M JOINING ROBLOX AND FIX IT ALSO I CAN SAY IN CHAT "'i'm gay"
Roblox = Disney   Schlep = Jimmy Kimmel
If their reasoning for why they don’t respond to “all” reports is that “we receive so many, tens of thousands daily, that we couldn’t possibly investigate them all…” um how many pedos do you have infiltrating your app and what about your app makes it so hospitable for them to flock to you??? Like by your own admission, its problem you have yet to resolve or even mitigate…so why are you kicking out people helping mitigate for you???
Roblox CSO looks like a pdf file frfr
Starting 2 seem like 2 me these Roblox workers r pdf files themselves
I know it's supposed to be, but the PDF voice over is cringe-worthy. It's so creepy sounding. Like I said, I know it's supposed to be but holy shit. I mean talk about nailing the vibe
My country has banned Roblox over a year ago so I am kind of watching things from outside but like all the other decent people on the planet I also hope Roblox management come to their senses and does something to fix the issue
13:01 he likes little boys and girl let’s be honest they are the predators also
ok but why the ai schlep on the thumbnail
Downfall? They are literally having record numbers bro
Roblox executives look like diddlers themselves... No offense tho😂
their CSO looks like a PDF himself 😂 like wtf is wrong with this corporate idi0ts.. common sense ain't common with the corrupted rich and greedy people.. roblox should be shutdown for good
Why does the video of the Roblox CSO look fake?? It's giving AI x10. I believe the CSO is a PDF himself.
That CEO is doing a great job at coming off as a pederass.
The CEO looks exactly like you know what!
It's like YouTube kids, roblox doesn't care what happens to the minors or what they are shown, just like YouTube, they only care about the money, nothing more nothing less. I bet if the companies where paid money to get rid of them, than maybe they'll simply do it for the money  My friend and I a few years ago played roblox and clicked on an innocent looking game, but when we loaded in the game it was highly inappropriate. I'm glad people are bringing light to these things. Keep it up, keep exposing, keep saving kids
I would say the people that work for roblox are nothing but raging pedos themselves, why else would they be working so hard to protect online pedos.
Itokay schlep im with you
Кто-нибудь смотрит через Яндекс переводчик? Меня вынесло со "Шлёпы" на 2:13
We are not conservative parents, and tend to not be so restrictive -- but our kids are not allowed on Roblox or social media for the same reason.
So Schlep is basically the batman of roblox.
I got to say the CEO of Roblox 100% looks like he is one of the predators on the site. He straight up looks like a Chester. No wonder he is going after the people catching them instead of the creeps themselves. They protect their own.
Both parties are run by pdfs.
He tried to self delete because of corn?
Sounds like skill issues.
damn, game has been on a real downfall ever since they removed tix huh
8:17 whats roblox gonna do if he just keeps on doing it. Ik youtube was cooked with 18+ content a while ago but u dont think they woukd stoop so low as to ban schlepp if roblox asked
That CEO needs his hard drive checked.
Trying to keep their facade squeaky clean certainly didn't work. Honestly, the CSO that responded in that video looks like one of the creeps Schlep was initially "hunting."
I think that are a lot of the higher ups in roblox are pedofiles and that is why thay didnt do anything.
I wouldn't be surprised if the CEO and/or some of the other developers were predators
The cso looks shady himself, being a sas I’m in support of people protecting the youth properly, Ty schlep, glad to learn of this angel
The downfall, i‘ve always waited for.
13:08 nahh roblox saying real police are vigilantes are wild asf  💀💀
Free shlep please please please 🥺
I think we should boycott Roblox in support of schlep
I'm not surprised
When can we discuss how companies being ETHICALLY obligated to put shareholder $ before the well being of users, customers and workers is morally DEFUNCT.
I've been playing roblox for 7 fucking years, at this point people want roblox to go bankrupt 🥀🥀🥀
I don't think pdf means what you think it means.
I would really not be surprised if the roblox cso turns out to be a .pdf himself
I love Roblox, it's my favorite game, I play it with my niece and husband. I pray they get new CEO'S and fix this.
💀 the CSO looks like a pedo himself
burn it to the ground, its to badly infested. When thats the case all you can do is burn it cause theres nothing left to save.
lmfao, the "chief safety officer" looks like a textbook pdf, surely not a coincidence he's fighting against the guy exposing this kind of behaviour? hrmmm
Bro CHRIS HANSEN came out of retirement for this whole ordeal, that’s how you know this is a huge deal
Arrest that CEO and check his hard drive and get the chair ready, just in case.
so chris is ok with this kid doing it but not skeeter? must be paid off
dude how do yo make ts weekly bro
Um you meant “discord” ??? 2:47
To those Gen Alpha kids who are threatening Law by Mike, good luck when those pedophiles rape you all and come back in a body bag
Roblox is just stopping a Roblox criminal who tried to arrest people off the platform! If you guys hate Roblox and David Baszucki, then you guys are free to get out of the platform.
Thing is, These catchers did illigal things too. And that is what hey got banned and kicked off the platform. Yet!!! Roblox did had to listen and wonder why there where so many?
Man I remember growing up and looking forward to spending hours on Roblox (had no life), and I would play Phantom Forces, Obby’s, The Flash, Egg Hunt, etc. I never once interacted with a predator, because it was safe most of the time…but I slowly stopped playing and left the Roblox loop for a while. I come back and this is what the website is? Disheartening .
Ok so let me get this straight  Schlep catches predators  Roblox calls schlep a predator bc the he pretendsd to be victims uhm i think    BRUH HOW ELSE IS HE SUPPOSES TO DO IT
Good 🙏😂
Many people continue playing Roblox, not because they like the platform's decisions, but because they enjoy the non-condo games there.
At what point was it going to sink in to him that the reason Roblox wasn't interested in being cooperative with his efforts was because a majority of the higher ups are themselves pedos? It's not that they weren't interested, or thinking about money per say, they were actively protecting their own
My 10 year old niece had been in contact with. Adult who wanted to meet up and when she showed me the messages instantly deleted and made it so she couldn’t download the app I dispose Roblox
Why ai schlep image in the thumbnail
Maybe because schlep didn’t have the proper permission of getting the data of the users nonetheless, yes he is protecting them but is also playing part in the going against the guidelines of illegally gathering data
Is there a link between Epstein and Roblox .............................................
Well✡️ well ✡️ well ✡️
I was a victim like 5 months ago and my account got banned because of that. I am risking my IP to support schlep.
"they dont have the capacity" i mean... they are a multimillon dolar corporation... so i dont think its about that
Hope schlep becomes new ceo
lol Imagine being Adobe and seeing their most famous file type (pdf) being used to describe pedos
There is no pdf files in Ba sing se
And here i thought Minecraft had it rough with pdfs
Just stop playing roblox what's so hard
Never liked roblox always fortnite
Let them catch those sickos it's pretty clear they roblox isn't  going to be doing anything about it any time soon
Roblox is Protecting Predators to Protect their Bottom Line, because THEY ARE PREDATORS TOO!
7:12 public bathroom simulator, the original one was originally made for fun and not be as what it is mow.. actually, If I remember correctly, the original one was deleted due to how players acted and roblox not doing anything.
I have tried to get Roblox ban because of this but no luck and why do everyone care about it now but when I said or my team say anything about Roblox nobody care and I used to to the same to stop it? This make me laugh
Belive me i love roblox and the game but the way it's going as much as i want it to stay i think it's time for it to get closed down or for a new CEO.
just 10 years old , i was 7
Bru that baldy looks like a kiddy chaser
Honestly seeing the CEO and the companies reaction, has convinced me this game is made by predators, for predators.  Forget dethroning the CEO, guy should be jailed and the higher ups should have their hard drives checked
Do not self censor what doesn’t need to be censored, call pedophiles what they are
While the content is interesting, I wonder if Adobe is going to tell you "just say PREDATOR", PDF file is minorly distracting from the story.
I NEVER liked Roblox it always rubbed me the wrong way
How to stop the Schlep situation: Step 1: Get WW2 aircraft Step 2: Go into the aircraft Step 3: Drop an ATOMIC BOMB on the Roblox headquarters Step 4:Enjoy it!
I am on the gray side of things though...I completely understand both sides and what they're coming from and that their points make sense to me...but both sides went WAY too far! Like, I'm talking about the no point of apologizing kind of too far. Sure, Roblox fucked up with the whole "updates" and banning Schlep, but what everyone (including the people on Schlep's side) else needs to understand is that they also fucked up by dragging themselves in this mess. It's my own opinion though, so don't attack me, or try to correct me...I understand most parts of it anyways...so in short, the Roblox and Schlep Drama was way too far.
Damnn
What did the little boy do now?
Can't wait for Roblox to go down. It's such a cesspit of garbage content. Only users are kids or people trying to take advantage of said kids. Roblox is banned in our household, Minecraft is much more suitable for kids (make sure to enable parental controls, which you should do in any case)
that is why i don't let my kids play Roblox at all......
Plot Twist ? Roblox was made for these types of things xD
I wish people would stop using the phrase pdf file. Pdf files are useful. Child abusers are not.
FREE SCHLEP
You think its terrible to begin with them you think about it deeper like ok i understand they're a business and they need to make their money but in all honesty that makes it way way worse when you really think about it they would rather make a dollar then protect the kids and the kid's are the main player base so its an even bigger F U.... if theee companies had any braincells they would know it would be waaaay better for them if they did what was right and they wouod probably make more money by doin what was right to smh but in this case couldn't be happier that they have lost 12 bill snd heres hoping they lose even more hopefully they even go bust for protecting pdfs
Sadly, Roblox has not experienced a downfall in anything but internet reputation. Their stock price is now higher than it was at the beginning of august.
17:51 10/10 fantastic parenting mate😂
Love the content, always have, but hearing PDF-Phile just feels silly. I know WHY it has to be said, but at the same time...cmon man. Fuck the "sensitive language" BS when you're talking about *Monsters*! Call them what they are! Say it with me! PEDOPHILES! Ah...but still love the content still. Keep kicking ass man.
Take a seat...
It sounds like you're saying: "PDF Files!" LOL. 😂
The safety officer looks suspect
Im playing Roblox now!
The people in charge of Roblox decided that it was preferable to maintain the illusion of their platform being safe than to actually make their platform safe. It's insane.
Roblox punished the guy who worked to get predators arrested, amd they thought the public would be ok with it? Yeah, no. Roblox deserves to collapse.
My bad brother I did not know I wasn’t sub there. I am now.
Roblox is going the Nintendo route by suing anyone they disagree with.
This is the stupidest shit ever why are we protecting pedos and punishing hero’s?
I always thought roblox was like lego or something, seems like its a game portal thing similar to fortnight? I also don't play fortnight but I do recall playing a zombie survival which I believe was the original plan for it a long time ago.
Roblox ggg 😢😢😢😢😢😢
I like how they used "vigilante" with such reckless abandonment, like he's not going or sending unsavory character to their houses, trashing the place or beating them senseless, he wrote down what he knew, CP the evidence into an actual PDF file and send it to the actual authority of where ever that animal resides
I have a theory. It's a pretty lame and cliché theory. But, I think roblox is willingly turning a blind eye to all these PDF files because they're constantly buying robux to give to minors for (insert demented and deplorable action here) so they're perfectly ok with having PDF files on their platform so long as they're getting paid for microtransactions to give to kids in exchange for "favors"
and meanwhile Polish bank still promote thier offert for kids and "safe internet use" using ROBLOX ( making thier own games and servers there)...
i think Charlie got it wrong, it made perfect sense. The PDF are adults with disposable income or at least more money to burn than kids. if they got arrested or kicked out of the site, Roblox would loose a lot of money.
Roblox probably preferred it if the problem of pdfiles was not exposed to the world.
My cousin loves this game 😭
17:28
It would be horribly ironic if the ceo was a pedo himself and banned Schlep, a victim of abuse, to try to hide his own sins.
Roblox ceo is a predator
Roblox doesn't ban predators but banned me for 3 days for trying to defend someone
I believe they need to terminate the app on the AppStore if they just keep trying to set it aside
"He helped us now we help him"💀💀💀💀💀
suddenly a lot of the subjects my 7-11 year old students talk about make sense...
What do you mean downfall? Their stock price is almost at ATH
You know what you content creators are taking advantage of the current situation it's direct that you don't help shelep you take the money from the situation from the video if you are actually helping shelep by giving some money to him you just sit in a chair and talk about the situations and make money
Dear IA, Thank you for another well researched and presented piece.  While ROBLOX's current circumstance is going to ring up significant "billable hours" for the legal team, the problem I have had with ROBLOX from the very beginning has always been its fundamental design to make vast sums of wealth by using children as an inherent part of its business model. If we existed in a different political environment ( perhaps in a Post-Trumpian Universe ) this would have been made illegal.
RLOX provides key to the next _11LRIXLOB IN THE WORLD IS THE 🎁✅️❤️😸👨‍💻
RLOX BEACH IS A GREAT KANSAS AND A 1000K _11❤😭😭😭
you call everything a downfall, they are still up and running, they dont care
If anything i still thing they should HIRE him obviously watch what he does to make sure he's not committed crimes but it's very much legal they don't understand HES A FUCKING BLESSING
The CEO and CSO have NO business running a company.... LET ALONE ONE FOR CHILDREN!!!!
I wouldnt be suprised if roblox is a pedo cartel. At least some of the people working there
Roblox is only going down now? i thought it's going down like decades ago
Great vid but PDF file 😂😂😂
Guys think what would erik cassel all these years of hard work 😢 and it getting baned is  so sad to witness
Guys plz give roblox 1 last time plz 😢 I don't even have any other games
Investigate that CEO, pronto
At this point, anyone who plays Roblox and isn't a child is suspect. Any child whose parents let them online unsupervised is at risk
I have been playing Roblox for 8 years am not suprised Roblox doesn’t listen they care about their reputation and when it is at steak they take action
Internet Anarchists- IA Artificial Intelligence- AI Hmmm theres something of the ai about your face cam
Just say pedophile. Its not hard. Bleeping it or using a euphemism is also covering it up
Kids buy less Robux than those predators. They don’t wanna lose their paying customers
Good, I never liked Roblox to begin with, it really reeks PDFIle Domain
"Putting our community at a greater risk" the owner sees shlep as more of a threat than the child predators because shut down roblox  is more important to him than the CP. pay attention to that and do not support roblox anymore 😢 right from his mouth 12:48
Calling it now. We gonna see atleast 1 ceo getting arrest for you know what.
From trying their hardest to stop preds to LITERALLY SUPPORTING IT. Disgusting
I am wholly convinced, not just by this but by many many other actions taken by people in positions of power lately, that anyone who claims to be doing things to 'protect the children' is in fact, themselves, a child exploiter
Roblox has been a 'child labor exploitation' platform since its inception. Its abhorrent that this is what it takes to take them down.
FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP FREE SCHLEP
Just curious why he didn’t stop texting the developer and allowed himself to go through it for years?
Google be like: ah yes, this video is about Document Files
.. youd think that roblox would encourage this, or ATLEAST learn from videos like these that MAYBE just maybe, they should have 5x more child safety procedures in a game thats 80% naive children.. thats a hunting ground for predators. perhaps the CEO or other higher ups of roblox are predators themselves..?
So this is what the uk law is trying to stop. And to get better info to carch the predators. But people say its too far.
Shlep is literally the real life Batman. He helps people escape potential situations like he what went though, onlu for the people in power who are supposed to do they're job pain him as a criminal. Fucking wild.
Me and my brothers have been frequent on Roblox, but when we heard how they handled Schlepp and his actions towards pedos, we decided to boycott the platform ever since. I hope Roblox falls greatly with their choice to protect pedos over millions of children who access the platform.
Did you use AI in he thumbnail?
At this point, might just wanna take a torch to it. I don't think a reputation can recover from this level of bad publicity.
My dad HATES roblox for good reasons. And this was the final straw for me and my dad
That Roblox Safety Officer looks A LOT like a nonce...
The CSO has badges from condo games. I honest to god think that He's a pedo. His and the CEO's hard drives need to be checked!  Also, I want to say I was groomed on the platform as well. I do not plan on spending a single dime on the game anymore.
The pedophile problem on Roblox has been around for so long, and then, when someone tries to do something about it, apperently THEY'RE the bad guys. How the hell do they think that anything good is going to come out of this?    This is a very deserved downfall, if you ask me.
Ima say this now. I think the CSO is up to no good, something is off about him.
1:12:10
haha finally
I used to play Roblox but now seeing this new form Roblox is going fall is making me disgusted.
My ears may be betraying me but did you call Chris Hansen a grifter?? If so why??
True story: When my sister started teaching last year she was taking over the 3rd grade science teacher spot from a guy named "Mr. Cobb". He was following his class that he taught to the 4th grade, weird but I didn't think anything of it. Flashforward a few weeks and Mr. Cobb gets arrested because they found out he had been grooming one of his students. He apparently was able to contact her outside of school via Roblox. He let his students play during recess and shared his personal account with all of them. They found pictures, text logs, and even children's underwear in his house when they raided him. Now in 2025 he is apparently being released after only a year and public information about his arrest is being removed. You would think he would be in jail for life but it is clear our country does not care at all about protecting our kids.
Now I'm *for sure* gonna pay attention to what's happening on Roblox
Bro the ceo looks like a ped himself
My personal take? I believe that Roblox knows full well how much pdfs pay them, which is why they protect them, truly disgusting for valuing money over very basic safety and morality
Roblox is no longer my father
Robox's bizarre actions lead me to the conclusion that it is a company run by predators for predators. Nothing else makes sense.
I can't sit through a video when you're too scared too use proper words so you resort to cringe like PDF file and Corn.
you know that its big when the internet anarhist makes an video out of it!!!
Roblox locking in when the income machine got threatened by any source
Banning and taking legal action against schlep is strongly admitting that the majority of the  people in roblox are ACTUAL predators.
Roblox is cooked
Did Dr. Disrespect constantly play Roblox and isn't he still in trouble for the allegations 🤔 just something I remember was all😅
AI thumbnail
If I ever become a parent, I’d make sure my child is not talking to anyone on the internet or in an online game. If Roblox knew what was best for their game they would enforce a safe environment for children to play. They are obviously only interested in money. Roblox should be banned from mobile devices because of this. They should also suffer fines as well as the Executives imprisoned or forced to resign. I don’t think this is the right way to handle it. The company shouldn’t only be sued, especially since the problem is that they are protecting predators. Noch would have made Minecraft a safer game, so why should Roblox not do the same? Because of Noch’s actions, Mojang now controls the safety of Minecraft servers. This cooperate action is not a suggestion, it’s a legal requirement. Roblox needs to suffer the absolute maximum penalty possible. They need to be taken to the highest court and be hit with the book and reality. They need to be held accountable, and they need to be punished.
Theyve shielded cherrypaw before and havent cared less. Cherrypaw is still grooming children to this day on roblox and roblox still hasnt banned him. This is insane. I Am Still Shocked.
Honestly at this point Roblox should just be bought out by Microsoft to hopefully get the same EULA as Minecraft
aint no way roblox causing a whole ass world war
They need to look into the CEO and the devs, and check their hard drives.. theres absolutely no way they aren't pedos
They should make him government of game safety in the US he test games he approves them or not
All clean all hail Kim un schlep
Same as epstein pdf files protecting pdf files
As a citizen of the US, I am not surprised corporations act like this.  We have a literal felon and sex predator running our country and turning it into a totalitarian state.
I think Roblox is scared of these videos ruining their reputation, but it’s just getting worse for Roblox now
Personally Schlep deserves it
man, Roblox used to be THE game... This sucks.
Best and simplist solution get off roblox and hop on Minecraft hive skywars wat a fine n competitive game❤
I'm pretty sure that the CEO and at least some of his associates are creeps themselves. It wouldn't surprise me if there's CP on their hard drives.
Deserved
Did you lose weight?
WOW! You look extremally different now. That IA look is very becoming of you
ai thumbnail
He used AI for a part of the Thumbnail💀
Ok conspiracy theory time: Roblox is only still ticking over because of big whale players (kids make up over 50% of the player base they don't exactly have a lot of disposal income lol) the problem is these big whale players are the "pdf-files" and that's why nothing is being done.
So much unnecessary drama for just a redundant kid
The CEO has literally said on record before that they want to make Roblox a dating platform. That's about as out of touch as you can get. As far as I'm concerned, that place/the people working there, are just 'Pedophile the Company'. 😒
BRO JUST CALL THEM A PEDOPHILE, IT WON'T DO ANYTHING TO YOUR PRECIOUS AD REVENUE.
Turkey literally banned Roblox in 2024  for these reasons 🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
6:37 was... omg
Massive adobe investor
The world should reward pdfs with chemical castration and brand them on their face so everybody knows who they are and what they did. Or send them to JC and he can deal with it
Roblox is never making Comeback with this shit bro.
Man, I hate pdf files
Roblox higher ups are cpearly Psychos, incapable of empathy or caring about kids it seems
This video is scary
My brothers used to spend time on this g0ddamn game platform. Thank god they saw this and backed the fvck up before they got smacked the fvck up
"downfall". Bro is forgetting the games on roblox getting 20-25m players...
Bro let's just stop to say HOW THE CSO HIMSELF LOOKS LIKE A PED
That video they released was actually rage inducing. I dont wish harm on anyone but seriously how fucking demonic and unattached from reality are those fucking roblox people. Anyone that can watch that video and still let your children play that game are crazy
if roblox aint gonna unban schelp then it shall be gone  gone forever
Roblox has BEEN sus
Great video, but why do you look so AI generated?
Paedofiles. Fuck PDF ... call these fuckers what they are.
No, we need to get CEO out of roblox and get a new one and a new chief Safety Offcer. This is insane of how much is roblox going down if this keeps going.
ai thumbnail + overtalked about darma = depression
17:38 I’m a 31 yo not father and I can’t stop laughing my ass off about this comment. If you are a father and you allow your kids play Roblox then that enough said already. 😅
I'm nearly 100% the CEO is a predator himself
This sucks for the game devs on Roblox that have nothing to do with any of this. I really hope those devs manage to make games on other platforms.
I luckily never experienced anything in the 8 years I’ve played it since I was a kid. But right after the news came out I quit. I’m not playing on that platform now and I won’t return unless they get new leadership/fix their problems.
Bro is an AI
Where's this petition to get the Roblox CEO terfed 😂, I'd love to sign. Potentially insane take but the Roblox CEO probably wants all those predators on his site so he can ask them for advice on what to do with his own kids, no sane person goes to bat for a pedo let alone doubling tripling down and so on for them.
Truth be told, fuck asylums... Let's bring back the guillotine
wait since when he face reveal
Wow, this should make the company criminally liable. They're proactively helping the predators.
bro just making up crap
Seems like the pedos got alot of stocks in roblox
A woman would protect a woman, a cop would protect a cop…who protects a pedo? Other pedos…
If they are protecting the pdf, it's because they are pdf themselves. It is as simple as that.
Plays roblox while watching a roblox video
I don’t care if ur republican, democrat, white, black, trans or a Martian! Leave our CHILDREN alone. So sick of it and it gets worse everyday!
As a long time player of Roblox, maybe its better to burn the whole thing down and start from scratch.
Roblox is pretty much just YouTube right now. Banning the people  for simply talking about the dangers of these people and letting the others go unnoticed. I mean edp is back on the sight, James Charles still has his channel up and so does Pablo (mini Ladd)
Honestly being against someone that is just trying to help protect kids is pretty sus on it's ovn.
Guys look at this ai generated image I mean the starting one
In Finland, my country, there's a huge retail chain which has started an anti-bullying/anti-harassment campaign some time ago. Recently, they have expanded their campaign to Roblox, promoting their campaign there and somewhat associating things like child safety with Roblox. Then Roblox gets exposed like this. Yea... Somebody in that campaign team thought that he had a brilliant idea.
Never really liked roblox it always seemed shady to me im glad i never touched it now.
what if we stoped playing roblox so they dont have enough money to higher someone to help them
Schlep is a hero.
all three of those executives of roblox looked like pedo's themselves, ngl 13:02
Jesus the CEO and the Safety officer looks like they have met Chris Hansen
I knew Roblox was bad when my Nephew was invited to an xbox party and after hearing whay they asked him(sexual stuff)I got on and gave them a good scolding and told them how sick they were  I was then removed from the party and blocked by everyone there    Fk Roblox!!!
Im sorry, but the "Chief Safety Officer" looks so creepy and like a cliche PDF.
Honestly I don't give a flying fuck if a PDF file is being doxxed, abused, harassed, assaulted or end up being killed because of it, GOOD FUCKING RIDDANCE
ai is too crazy
Hey, know Chris Hansen still operates under the Tru Blu youtube brand
I do think that this is a double edged sword in one way with baiting PDF-files for clout online. One reason being that if they don't get prosecuted and just outed. What's the point?  It could make them even more dangerous because it means they could refine their ways to NOT get caught in the future and PDF-files following that kind of content could refine their ways to avoid falling for the bait so they can keep doing what they're doing.  And if they get outed to family, work and everyone so they lose everything in life, they're even more dangerous to victims because it might make them even more dangerous when they have nothing they could lose anymore  Anyone who has a platform for Roblox thats meant for minors/kids NEEDS to supervise their platform enough to not let these things happen and should be held accountable for things that happens on their platform.
This makes you think who sent the cease letter is also a predator not wanting to be caught...
12:57 check his computer
I’m glad I stopped playing, especially after finding out about the horrific stuff on there.
Im shocked i didnt know about any of this ive been playing roblox since i was 5 im now 20 years old this is so fuckin sad.
16:22 my birthdayyy
12:49 yh he's guilty
David is a paedophilic person.
Whats weird is that they did all this right... but then I get hit with an ad from them that was over sexualized. Im talking... people on strip pole and drinking and hooking up and so on. 👀 so like.... a game that targets children... has all that?
0:48 I forgot, this channel worships Charlie, thank goodness I was reminded less than a minute into the video.
Schlep did break ToS by soliciting real life information.
I feel sorry for the one who helped eradicate these People Doing Foul doings, he only wanted safety to these kids when playing. 😞
We need a Luigi
So many bad vibes coming from that CSO
Watching these videos makes my blood boil... Makes me hope that God can do a recreation of the Sodom and Gomorrah on the Roblox Corporal Offices.
As a 15 yo. i am thankful that i deleted roblox, not because of what was going on but because this game ain't my type.
Roblox is staffed by PDF files huh?
Why the hell are words like porn censored to corn, Sexual Assault is SA and so on? Is this some stupid TikTok Algorithm issue?
Sounds like all this pedo stuff on roblox is by design. I wouldn't be surprised if the ppl working there are (apart from the CEO cuz that's obvious) are mostly pedos
Lmao yet law enforcement entraps ppl all the time. In the UK 2 female cops going around fishing for whistles and comments to make some minor arrests and this guy can't catch pdf files?
Lol Australia, they did this study and there still not putting roblox in the under 16yo ban
I mean obviously there is more than one pedo in that company.. There has already been confirmed one... Wouldn't be suprised if the higher ups where full of them..
Is it just me, or does that CSO look like The Mask?
1:54 Well duh, look at this guy. He even LOOKS like one. He's just casually defending the predators by attacking their hunters, like it's no big deal. They all need to be in prison.
the people in charge look AI generated
Well, it makes a lot of sence, that the CEO looks like a pedofile himself.😂
Bro, you lose weight? Well done man!
Minus 12 bill😂
Hey bud, nobody cares about your subscriber stats
At this point im convinced the CEO is also a pdf file. Thats the only reason why they arent cracking down on it. Its the only thing that makes sense to me
do i love roblox the company? no, do i love some games on it? (Centaura, Lexington& concord, and guts & blackpowder) yes, i adore these games and it angers me that roblox's management might doom these passionate, hardworking, and spectacular creators of these games.
Roblox CEO: "WE CAN'T HAVE VIGILANTES ON THE PLATFORM"  Inigo Montoya: "You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means"
17:21  You're absolutely right.  It's 3 a.m. and I can't sleep. Tomorrow at breakfast, I'll inspect all the phones and explain why I don't want them downloading or continuing to use Roblox if they have it. And if it was used, whether anything strange was said or something like that. It's not easy being a dad... you can't constantly monitor everything like a Nazi...  Luckily, there are channels like yours.
LMAO what ‘policy” 😂
INTJ- I normally get mad at people for not understanding that fantasy isn't reality and if a cartoon is underage and that the viewing of that cartoon in X*X depictions shouldn't be seen as a real child if in fact it's a cartoon. This on the other hand is gross! how can the company not see this isn't fantasy this is reality! REAL children are being hurt, and they go after the person exposing the people going after REAL CHLIDREN!!!! this company can't tell the difference between real harm and fantasy harm and then they can't tell the difference between someone helping children and someone hurting children!!!
Its sad. I love roblox. Have played ig since i was 16. Im 30 now. But i hope they get in teouble maybe even shut down. This cant go on
The thumbnail looks ai 😭
thankyou for making videos like this i have been paying for a premium account on Roblox for a while and i had no idea about how bad it was needless to say i am no longer paying for a premium account
The Chief Safety Officer looks a textbook definition of a PDF. I can't be the only one that thinks that, right?
I think what annoys me the most is that this situation was so so easily avoidable. They could’ve…  A) just ignore it and let schlep continue catching these awful people. B) actually listen to schlep and ban the accounts of these predators and also work with him to clean their platform.  Yet they just chose the option that is now causing them a PR disaster.  They deserve this  Edit: I know I’m a day late sorry😅
Roblox is doing exactly what cancel culture did to mamamax, and somehow in his case its a disaster but in shlep's case, its not.  Be consistent or be hypocrites; there's no in between.....
As someone uploading the NSFW content to Roblox, this was exactly the outcome I wanted. I hope Roblox shuts down and finally dies. Hasn't been worth a damn for almost a decade.
fun fact: that “apology” video was ai generated.
16:14 Grifter? Interesting choice of words. Be careful about what you say without evidence.
boy cot this filth
The funny thing is, this could have all been avoided if Roblox just let Shlep do his thing
12:52 why does this guy talking look like AI deepfake?? For some reason his face just looks horribly edited to me
This i f***ed up
I hated this sm because I would say some that isn’t so offensive and banned me for three days or more like come on now😭. But when it comes with predators, they act like it’s okay like whattt???
How did roblox think banning the predator catcher would look good for them at all
AI THUMBNAIL SHAMEEEEE
Hey, I wanted to ask. What song do you use when introducing yourself? That little bit just wont get out of my head.
That CSO Roblox look like a PDF creep and even after the backlash he still thing that they did the right thing by banning Schlepp. Dem mf house should be raided by police to tried find his computer and looking at his hidden files
If i owned a 1000k something dollar company i think id rather  have everyone be as safe as possible and happy than do THIS. like. If there was a vigilante thats unsafe and not doing what shlep is then yeah maybe its questionable. But  i think id rather have safety and a happy playerbase than a mess of a player base who does crazy shit freely crazy.
What is the government going to do?  The president fuks kids.
Both of cso and ceo physically look like child touchers just sayin
W for me though, I just sold 1.2k of roblox limited before this happened.
Their downfall WOULD be deserved... if it was actually happening on a meaningful scale :/
roblox is a crumbling pillow fort of children
If Roblox put as much effort into stopping pdfiles on their platform as they have at silencing Schlep then there would not be a need for Schlep to do what he has been doing.
OH BOY ROBLOX IS COOKED INTERNET ANARCHIST MADE A VIDEO ON THEM
THIS SHIT and so many other things is why I ain't letting my future kids touch the internet until they are 18.  In other words I'm gonna be a good parent and not make ipad kids.
I swear if roblox gets banned over this I’m blaming you all because I can’t go one second without seeing a shlep video like can we just shut up about him I have not seen anything happen in Roblox you’re all focused the littlest things and you’re gonna be sorry when you can’t play anymore
The reson is roblox money come from pedos  And the top of robox are lazy and doesn't care
me playing roblox anyways just cuz there's nothing else to play
That CSO looks a pedo himself so it's no wonder he's protecting pedos
That CSO and CEO are protecting their people, pdf files
I played this game since I was 11 and I could not even fathom the severity of the situation until recently when I watched Schlep's videos. I did not know it was this saturated with predators, and this is coming from someone who was a victim of one many years ago. It makes me feel sick to my stomach that people in my age group (early 20s) are doing disgusting things like this. What happened to playing games for fun? How did it turn into playing games for victims?? Safety was always an issue on this platform, and although they've rated it for Teen now instead of for kids, these are still kids regardless of the situation. They must be protected and Roblox has failed to do so horribly. I want to get my 5 year old niece off of this platform immediately.
Trying to justify the Schlep ban by saying that the dude that put like 6 predators in Jail was acting as bad as said predators inside the game is a level of mental gymnastics so extreme that i dont even think they believe it, but they are runing out of options it seems.
I don’t know Schlep but Gods Speed…
Why would any one hunt pdf files in Roblox? People are weird.
what if we got rid of roblox and got blocksworld back
I remember when I played Roblox around 2021 or sum, and immediately got weird vibes from the game
Im 15 and i have a little brother that has a lil too much access to the internet but i told him clearly that he is NEVER allowed to play Roblox unless he is playing it with me playing simple games like car crushers, flee the facility the usual you know the more APROPPROPRIATE games on Roblox but i prefer him playing minecraft offline and yet my parents dont do anything only take his tablet when he misbehaves
ROBLOXIANS..... ASSEMBLE!!!!!
is the downfall in the room with us?
Well I guess Roblox is over and Minecraft wins in the end
Wait did you call Chris Hansen a grifter??? What did I miss?!? 😂
There should be massive backlash for YouTube's dark side too.
Can't forget the numerous countries that banned roblox
I took a break from Roblox to play super smash bros brawl and enjoyed it more than most of the trash on Roblox now
The Roblox company is hiding something... Why else would they remove the middle man?
Yikes their safety officer looks like that... no wonder they have this problem. That's uncle fester
"Let me tell you why i hate corpos" those word really fit in these occasions
how are people just not just doing everything to shut the game down. its always exploited kids and kids should not be on this game
Man I’ve been playing Roblox for almost 15 years. It’s so disgusting to see all of this coming out.
You should be the evidence witness of the court for schlepp.
I smell the smelly smell 🧃
First law by Mike, and now internet anarchist?
75%?!?! That’s crazy!!  (Looks away while hitting subscribe)
I had these people back in high school, Just report them and block them if you can't do anything about it
why the ai thumbnail?
Not sure if you have seen, But you should definitely start looking into Whistlindiesel and his antics rn.
Roblox is absolutely cooked, and I couldn't be happier.
I know it's Roblox should do get shut down or get new employees to take over
I mean, look at the CEO. Bro looks like a pedo.
I have kids I’ve never seen this shit. Then again you just gotta be a present parent.
Parents are the problem
I have a small theory that preds are actually buying something from the company to protect their own account.
SHLEP IS THE BEST
It's always about money, at the end of it all. 😑
Is that AI in the thumbnail brochacho 😔😔
New age parents are pathetic if you’re going to let your child play an online game be there with them instead of being on your phone.
When are we bringing nuke to roblox tower
Why don’t we talk about parents. If you know the danger of these games. Why let your kids play better yet be there when there playing.
Something that you didn't talk about on this video, but recently happened, is in Des Moines, Iowa. A child was kidnapped through Roblox and the parents are suing them
AI thumbnail    But the video's good
I can't wait for the White House to announce that there are "not" any Roblox files in 2027.
Ok, that stupid fkin guilt tripping trend of showing that stupid graph of subscribers never should have been a thing and I'm tired of seeing it. If people aren't subbed, thats your fault. A lot of people drop by for a specific topic then leave. That's how your stuff just is. Some people love to hear about this crap every day but not everyone. To me, you're like a pimple popping video at 3am. Weird interest in the moment but definitely not wanting to subscribe. You think people "forget" to sub to you? No. Your content just isnt worthy. Fix yourself. Don't blame the viewers that simply have a passing curiosity. F you and everyone that does that annoying bs. It's gotten to the point where I unsub from trash that does this. I promise I'm not missing out.
14:01 this guy is basically saying "the poor pedophiles where being hunt down by this malicious vigilantes"  wtf
Vigilantism; noun: law enforcement undertaken without legal authority by a self-appointed group of people.  Roblox MIGHT argue that Schlep's method of gathering evidence would fall under this definition, but even that feels like a massive stretch. Even then, Schlep didn't take any action himself after gathering this evidence, he submitted it to both Roblox themselves and the proper authorities. Roblox essentially shot the messenger and then decided to put a couple rounds into the message for good measure. They deserve every ounce of backlash and a good deal more besides.
Oh man. I can't wait for y'all to discover the wonderful sanctuary of V R C H A T.
I love yalls videos. I've got too old to keep up with everything.
Hot take: this makes me think that either Roblox CEO board of directors are deeply out of touch capitalist, or Roblox was made by and for pedos
I'm a 18 year old boy that has been up to date with this roblox situation (For context I generally dislike roblox but I have been a part of this their community for several years sadly),  I've told my 9 yearold Cousin's dad to not buy him any "robux", so that because of the current events they wouldn't lose their money and told him that this platform is very very unsafe. He after thinking about the name "PDF file" has been shocked to hear such things. Now my little Cousin doesn't play roblox anymore. I'm glad I've moved him onto Steam where he can play actually quality content without being under serious threat of PDF files
If They Can Remove All The Free Schlep Games In 24 Hours Why Can't They Remove All The Inappropriate Games On The Platform?
I'd subscribe, but for some reason, those swaying visuals frustrate me to no end. I cannot explain it 😭
Its crazy to think that if Roblox didn`t ban Schlep....all of this could have been avoided...
The only logical conclusion that can be deduced from this is that the executives and creators of this game are pdfs themselves...  Not only they appear to be protecting the pdfs more than their children fambase but who on their right mind would create those kind of sexually suggestive games to be played  with kids??!  These sick fvcks don't even pretend to be discreet anymore....
12:38 But Its AI
I haven't played roblox in a while, and I've pretty much sealed my fate. Not paying another single cent to Roblox.
I just removed their "game" from all my kids gaming consoles and now I'm looking into filing a lawsuit for them creating a safe space for child predators and attacking those attempting to protect kids and expose their illegal behavior. I'm going to go HARD on those immoral chomos. IDC if I go broke doing it as long as I break them in the process. They need to be made an example of and I'm the guy to do it see you in court soon
12:52 That dude looks like a PDF himself. Explains a lot
Oh hell that CEO is such dirtbag in his wording. Must be on Epstein list.
i swear to god if i hear the censoring "pdf-file" one more time im going to burst
Make ur actual thumbnail ur just using ai so lazy
Wait, Chris Hansen is a grifter?
The fact that they killed the game so fast is insane to me
18:49 or it could make it even worse, think about this what if the leadership goes to a person who is even worse
was waiting for your video!!!
Hey look Charlie waiting to give his opinion after the backlash to see what side to be on like usual
Lgbtq to kids : "yeah sure kids need to be taught early"  Pdf file : "that's where i draw the line bro"
>Internet anarchist video >Looks inside >"pdf file" Not much of an anarchist are you
Only reason a company would protect predators like this is they house some in their own company
That Roblox guy looks like a pedophile himself
Parents have a responsibility to monitor their kids online activities. I feel bad for the dad with the daughter who played those disgusting games but he should have been paying attention
Anime profile pics should also sit down and talk with Chris Hansen
When I learned about Roblox 4 or 5 years ago, my position was "I can't see any way that a decent parent could be okay with their kids being on this platform"  Naturally I got some pushback, since nobody can rationalize like lazy parents who don't want to tell their kids no.  I knew I could never cut through that level of dissonance, so my only reply would be "I hope you still feel that way in a decade"  I got rid of Twitter when dipshit bought it, so Idk how those parents feel these days. But I think about it often these days.
Free Schlepp!!!
Look, I've always known Roblox has this weird sexual side to the community but never realised how bad the predatory issues were and just how much Roblox happily tried to hide it. Let them burn if you ask me.
I would think the only reason why Roblox isn't doing anything is because some of the people that work for Roblox or some of the big bosses are probably into this sort of thing if you know what I mean which is absolutely disgusting and sick. I talked to my kids about it and they're they don't even care if they're like yeah we don't even want to go on there.. I need to be shut down and get that game off the platform until they actually do something about this
Yo know its crazy when THIS GUY makes a vid about it
At 1:00 I see a guy criticizing Roblox, but honestly... He himself is part of what he's denouncing 🙃 . I've been playing since 2010, these problems have always existed. Let's take the example of Sir Meme, a former Roblox hacker: he was able to expose the problems, and he even ended up hired at Roblox in security.  You guys are just clumsy and you make a lot of noise for views. The real problem is that you don't know how to do it, and it ends up in videos on the internet with violence in front of the camera. Bravo to you and all your bullshit and amateurism. When you look, you find.
bro Made ai schlep
i sure as hell hope roblox burns in hell along with its current managers. there was so much news about child labour abuse and not a peep about it for so long.
I truly hope the game burns to the ground. It's so beyond repair.
Props to the guys who go after predators like that, those messages make my skin crawl, i couldnt handle that
“Let that marinate in your head for a bit” forget letting it marinate if you don’t see the issue right away you’re probably one of the pdf files lmaooo
see, this right here 1000% makes me feel justified denying my 2 kids access to this game platform.   boy did i get alot of questions from them and family alike why i wont let them play a harmless game.....  maybe i should be calling them about this story
:(
This whole incident is why I removed all the Roblox cards from the shelves at my work.
Yk its bad when every single possible active yt documentary channel making a vid about ur crap moderation
Can't stress this enough but someone needs to write a song about how you shouldn't diddle kids
Why do the Roblox officials looks like they're pdf themselves?
14:01 he looke he would touch kids thru giving them robux tbh 😶
Adobe going to send you a cease and desist if you keep calling them PDF files.
Dude, Chris Hansen really hates Adobe. Honestly, I get it.
The US is such a nightmare right now, the predators have taken over( you have a predator as the President )
Roblox is getting far worse from year to year and you can't change that fact.
14:10 That looks like someone who does diddyism , balding, jawline that looks like poorly molded play dough , and teeth that looks like they'll fall off if you smack him at the back of the head.
Wtf is a pdf catcher?
There was actually someone who gmed me on the forsaken discord server when I was 12 and they showed me explicit images of anime girls sucking on men’s you know whats as “white liquid” sprayed all around it and the anime woman’s mouth- oh- and he also called me “his little (n word)” despite me not knowing him and the fact he gmed me. He is still on the server and everyone somehow managed to ignore me telling them what happened. Some straight up responding some stupid shit I can’t care to remember right now Moral of the story; Gmers are everywhere and so are pedo
Make a video about SunnyV2
Lol I almost clicked off wen dude showed his face, young looking mofo. Lol
yk if u think about it. If they hired him to help take the preds out and send them to jail, thats good pr, and keeping roblox safe.
This is a crazy hill to die on
Some of this is on the parents. I never took "child safe" game seriously. So I monitored my son's and my girlfriends daughters playing on Roblox. My son's never got anything to bad minus p0rn which was reported, blocked, and deleted. After awhile I deleted tbe game on their devices. My gf daughters though.... yeah insane. Even worse on TikTok
Schlep 🖕
Idk like a year or two ago when i was newer to roblox i played public bathroom simulator without knowing the deeply horrible intentions in that game. i thought it was a funny game when i first played it, now it is displayed as horrible. thank god i dont play it anymore
Yet you let your Epstein president run free and wild..
SunnyV2 needs to make a video
13:02 why does he look like a PDF file ?? 🧐 protecting himself hmm??
I like how often people feature on this channel
It says something is wrong in me, if all this issue, as discussing that is, hearing "pdf file" makes me get out of it. Why using a code? Yeah, monetization, terms and conditions. But it has to be named correctly
by parlo
fun fact got also reavel that dress to impress have corrupted ped and gross createur and that the createur of meepcity is friend with a wild know ped that got never ban
And I thought robloxs shit box moderation was bad but BANNING the person doing what Roblox shouldve been doing all this time is fucked up
bla bla shut up ai slop guy
if ur that lazy to implement an actual   solution and delete all the games, JUST AGE LOCK THEM, ITS THAT SIMPLE
bro roblox needs to get rid of the bad people
Ugh fine I'll subscribe IA :)
Nothing more satisfying than seeing billionaires bleed. Especially the weird pdf/pdf defender ones.
The internet is one big echo chamber with a hand or two blending all the sounds together in trippy ways with the same story phfloommffted all over the place for a little while at the surface before it sinks under
Roblox knew these scumbags run amok their platform and knew they were getting arrested. And they sent a “cease and desist”??? wtf do u mean
how you gonna make a dating site feature after all this???? whaaaaat?! wheres that petition for a new ceo?!
I am going back to kogama
I am almost surprised PirateSoftware wasn't one speaking against Schlep.
I dont understand why pdf files in a game is bad. Why are people even using pdf files in a video game anyway.
The self-censorship around this topic is insane. They're pedophiles. Not PDF files. We should absolutely be tearing these companies down, but call a spade a spade. Don't hide the wording because you fear yet another company.  If YouTube doesn't like the word either - then maybe we should look at them as well.
HERO SCLHEP SUPPORT GROUP GANGGANG LEGGO!! 💪💪
Roblox turned corrupted fast. Becoming money hungry, protecting the predators and attacking the pred-hunters.
I guarantee this drama is gonna die before September, just like every other drama ever.
With what has transpired about Pedoblox any parent that allows their child still on Pedoblox is a POS.
this had to happened before tell seas drops huh….. fck
PDF files of the same folder get deleted together. Via wood chipper.  😊
The CEO looks like a predator 😅😅
11:03 unrelated but Valentina Gomez say this shit and side with Zionist is Laughable, she also make Islamophobia video by burning the Quran and tell bull shit and side with Zionist who Allow PDF btw You Epstein? Yeah guess who behind it Not enough proof? Look at Israel now, they attack and kill children and Laugh like their live is meaningless
There's no question or argument about it, roblox is killing kids
I got my sis to remove both her kids from it ❤
I'm just going to put this out there. Roblox created a platform almost tailor-made for predators. A game aimed at preteens and young teens, filled to the brim with content behind a paywall in the form of in-game currency (Robux) that costs real-life money. These children cannot purchase this content themselves, and most won't get it from their parents either. But they want it. So in comes the predator, and they seduce these children with the content they can't access, in return for 'just a chat', and the grooming process has started. It's insidious and sickening.
going after crimefighters under false pretences is a dead giveaway, its what outed blm
roblox logo and hitIeR logo is similar turn
Chris Hansen should keep his nose out of stuff. I know he brings a lot of attention to stuff but let's not pretend he doesn't also screw stuff up. Don't forget he betrayed the community when he paywalled the Onision doc, incompetently messed up the whole case on Onision and hurt his victims more than they already were. And that's just one of the most recent cases he's forked up.
They look like preds
Sending this to every parent I know 🤗  Great video.
12:55 the CSO straight up looks like a "guest" on To Catch a Predator
Kill roblox!
While I support Roblox going down for this, I feel bad for the employees who had no say in this and suffer the consequences
Andddd there goes tons of peoples childhoods😅
This situation is litteraly hell for Roblox
i swear chris hansen is the steve irwin of america. just completely beloved by everyone that isnt evil
The lady on ceo response video has 3 fingers. They couldn't find a single female to sit in front of camera and defend their actions, so they had to AI generate one?
12:27 they didnt ban the games, they put +17 on most of them. Not +18 ... Think about it . 17 is still a minor.
Roblox has shown they have the moderation tools by activly blocking and banning freeschlep messages and games on their platform. So they have manpower and tools to fight the freeschlep movement,  but not the predators .
I’m worried about my favorite game that might get shut down.
Internet Anarchist Talking about lets you know their are royalty FUCKED, not JUST because of who Schlep works with but EVERYONE talks about this documentary
CEO of Roblox is basically a pdf file supporter for profit. he supports and defends them for money bc he thinks they can make money grow for Roblox
The loss is market value is already outdated and the stock has recovered. For this month Roblox's stock is at +1,74 (1,44 %), for the last 6 months at +59,06 (92,80 %)
Yep: I learnt from the age of 3 that the world has a dark side. It changed me forever. No kid should ever experience what I felt. And ten there's Roblox...
even outside youtubers are making videos about roblox, crazy
honestly though i don't blame the dad for being furious on wanting to harm the CEO of roblox cuz if he wants to do that then im not stopping him
The execs at roblox need life in prison.
If anything happens to Schlep we know its Roblox. So they cant do anything to him without raising any suspicion they were the culprit.
imo, the only explanation for Roblox's behaviour is that they themselves are PDFs...
People complaining about AI thumbnails instead of focusing on the video. Shut up. The topic is more important.
A P game, not playing
It’s a strange game
It took me some time to understand the PDF files, so they got screwed because of a Catholic priest DLC?
I told a little of this story to my brother, and he said ye schlep is at wrong, he should have gone to roblox moderators instead of police and he made roblox mad so he deserved it. So now i, trying to get him to watch this video, but he continues saying schlep is at wrong.😔
Yea i mean its so obvious what theyre doing. Catching predators shows that there are predators, if noone can catch them, then noone knows how many there are. Its disgusting hiding predators from kids and endangering them.
2025 is so terrible, but time on the clock won’t allow us to remove the year
I feel like Diddy payed the roblox ceo to do all of this
schlep wasnt shut down for catching predators..  this bothers me to no end that people are this oblivious.  its the fact that he catches them and then says WHAT he caught and WHERE. "i caught a CHILD PREDATOR, on the ROBLOX PLATFORM" well now what happens is that peoples brains go "oh shit..roblox = child predators name ONE buisness that wants that to happen.    this is Not doing anything good for roblox bottom line. Roblox is thrilled the predators are being caught....LOVE it!  they are not thrilled about their platform having a reputation that is an unsafe place for children. and the more predators are openly caught,,the stronger that reputation gets..  resulting in more parents saying "No you cant play that game" = money lost Roblox is a buisness,, they make money. thats what they do.  Not defending roblox here,, they definitely need to get their act together. But the reason for them not wanting schlep to do what he did,   they want him to to catch predators,,quietly...he didnt do quiet
As a father of three kids, I have so much more hate towards pedos than before. Not that i liked or sympathized with them in any way but i had so much empathy to think that they are sick and need help. Today I think they need castration or cremation.
cso is pretty creepy. i wouldn't be surprised that some moderators in roblox are predators.
Tbh, this issue has been a long time coming.
Hey dave! I hear you like em' young.
the way i run to my youngest brother tablette to check his roblox
They ban him because they are also predators doing that kind of thing.
Roblox are morons they don't care for child safety that's why thers so many pretetors and pedophile s in Roblox plus hidden condo games
Getting really tired of AI thumbnails
Need to check that CEO's basement 🤮
Oh I am so fucking sick of people self-censoring language because they're afraid of the scary algorithm. PDF files? Are you fucking kidding me? Grow up. Paedophiles, pedophiles for the Yanks. Jesus Christ. Makes me want to stick a screw driver into my ears and really hammer home the message.
I would highly recommend watching some lawtube videos about the roblox stuff. There is not a lot regarding Schlep, since Roblox is protected under Sec 230 there, but there is some relevant info regarding the states suing them
Yall forgot who is the villain its the hella chief safety officer matt
Roblox only cares about protecting the predators because all 3 of them are more than likely pedos too
i don't understand why is this idiot finds it so hard to just make a normal thumbnail without chatgpt
the only way the CEO and powers that be can allow this to happen is if they're doing it themselves.
Any children's games online is bound to have pdfs in it. It is up to the parents to monitor their children. The CEO and CSO themselves look like they're part of the forbidden pdf community. Banning Schlep is a bad PR move. I hope and pray that Roblox is gone. They should have known at the beginning to implement children's safety at first before profits. But no they love profits.
Remember to shred your PDFs
nice weight loss brother, looking sharp 🔥
I'm not americans. But i read that all americans call "roblox" as "pdp app",  is it true?
The ceo looks like a registered sex offender or like idk a priest ig lol
The CEO of Roblox is like the Hitler of Romania
Dawg free me as well free schlep and me I lost 350$ usd spent on my acc which got terminated for a reason to what they have 0 evidence and I did not do so.
This is capitalism. They were ALWAYS going to choose money over children. Always.
Imagine that - rich old white men protecting PDF’s.  Can’t think of another time that… Oh wait.
This was already covered days ago by everyone and their grandma.
Any adult on Roblox needs their hard drive checked. Heard of the game but never played it. This is because I was told it was almost all kids, so not my scene.
I am sad because I play with love and care for this platform
There's a video in your ads
wanna bet that there's some interesting things in the CEO's hardrive for the CIA to check?
the entire internet has somehow united on one thing, thats how you know roblox is fucked
I wouldn't trust my kids with the guy at 12:59 lol
Is the thumbnail ai??
Also, Lady Gaga apparently plays Roblox, which made their stock skyrocket
Bit late to the party Anarchist.
The game wants to be successful, Roblox CEO wants to help other pedophiles to be safe and find their victims because he is one of them
Look! Visual Venture uploaded a new vide- wait.
Back when I was young my prayers had always been Roblox's downfall and now after nearly 20 years my dream is finally coming true 😂
I watched this video and then another of your videos autoplayed and when the page refreshed youtube unsubbed me from you. Youtube is really pissing me off. Im literally watching them unsub me from my favorite content creators
Part of all the fucking problems in our world are rooted in this insane censorship we’re experience. We’re exposing pedophiles, people who abuse, assault, and rape children. And we have to call them fucking pdfiles. It’s disgusting. Our world’s not cute. It’s not good. And it’s not real what we’re showing people anymore
Roblox has always been a scary place. My kids have it and I go through their friends list weekly to ensure unless I know them they don't get added.  I even find it disturbing that grown adults all over YouTube play these games live on streams. The reactions are just cringe.
PDF-Files are we deadass 💀💀🥀
I cant believe it
1:17 it all started in my birthday, that’s crazy
Everyone report Bathroom Hangout
You know, I used to criticize mojang for doing absolutely nothing about all the gambling servers targeting at children's pocket money. And now this happened... suddenly mojang seems much more better for just doing nothing. EVEN THE GAMBLING SERVERS SEEMS BETTER SINCE ALL THEY WANT FROM CHILDREN IS CASH.
12:56 . just nothing in his eyes. he looks like someone who would run one of these lobbies.
Chris Hansen is a “grifter”? Damn I always thought he was doing god’s work.
I used to play roblox when it first came out in the late 2000s. I remember people even then having very inappropriate conversations or doing sus things
the CSO is LITERALLY MAKING THINGS UP and david predazucki knows that but he just interrupted it to protect their reputation but didnt even fire the CSO despite knowing the CSO is doing things wrong
I hope David Baszucki gets the chair.
Bro companies always make the worst decisions first the subnautica 2 drama, now this? Wtf is going on?!
what a nice ai recreation of schlep's avatar, I dont think you made that in any 3d modeling software
"it's not a bug it's a feature✨"
You saw all those executives, a new CEO won’t solve anything. Torch the servers
I hope VRChat meets the same fatal wound as well.
hmmm.... something smells fishy in Roblox...?🤔🤔🤔
I think the C.E.O and his main team needs to be arrested and investigated in my personal opinion.
Ngl builderman looks like a pedo himself, physically speaking at least, and the 'chief safety officer' looks... off, I don't know, there's just something weird about him.
Schlep should be banned. Reason on my channel
this video came late and didn't apport anything new, it seems like it was posted to be part of the trending topic only
You know it's bad when everyone, including youtubers that don't play the game, and when internet anarchist gets on your case. Internet anarchist doing a downfall piece on you signifies the fact that you are done for.
roblox pretty much show that they preffer to protect a bunch of pedo instead of doing the righ thing🤣😂roblox should be bann - turn off for good
There is no other explanation other than Devs themselves are also PDF files.
CSO looks like a PDF file
Im sure there's PDF iles in the corporation
Hot take: What if Roblox is a group of preds, that in their pursuit of cp collection, were aleo very intelligent game designers/programmers, that decided to create a collection system that would be globally available and ubiquitously popular, all while disguising the fact that the mother company is actively trying to groom preds to be better at doing what they do so they don't get caught or endanger the pred community as a whole.
The amount of rage I feel towards those who allow this to happen is insurmountable. It is only by the grace of God that they do not cross paths with me, and really hope these criminals get the justice they deserve. The devs and moderation team who allow this to continue have it coming to them as well.
Schelp soloing roblox is insane
it takes you time to edit these videos right? so you didn't think to maybe not include the part abot "oh hey guys, 76% of you arent subscribed" when talking abt child safety and pr*dators? not nickpicking either, even though it'll be viewed as that
A company not banning pedos because they make them money is pretty fucked up.
Just look at the CSO and tell me that man isn't a predator. And apparently that response they did was all AI.
You know any social space would score for any guy who purely come in as "vigilante" to keep their medium safe for each age category to be part of their official moderation. Heck VRC of all places actively hunt for vigilante to work along with and almost never make headline on any news if ever. I say again VRC, a platform with so many degenerate and brain rot still able to sort their chaos to themselves. Roblox completely cut off everything (both community and likely their own staff) and think they're too big to fall for being oldest platform. Roblox don't need more money, they need more people to get their hands dirty to solve their problem, but when someone did, they don't like it and told us to believe in their AI moderation who false flagging everyone and even ban their CEO? Mindblown.
you couldnt find a picture of a roblox avatar so you had to use ai to make one?
So their pretty much committing brand suicide
16:14 Grifter? Did I miss something about Chris Hansen?
when you ignore inappropiate behavior going on in your game, that's bad, BUT when you try to silence people trying to do something about it, that sh*t is downright evil and it makes you look like you're doing stuff you really doesn't want people knowing about.
That example with the Australian school is eye-opening. None of those kids should have their hands up, but the sheer number of them that do is horrifying.
too many flaws. fake tweet and ai thumbnail and begging for subs. your video has that same damn transition and you censor yourself, this is pathetic. instant dislike. also it’s called PEDOPHILES, people. stop saying pdf files that is just cringe.
Okay I was about to leave a positive comment but I saw that stupid statistic about subscribers. DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW THIS SITE WORKS? DO YOU NOT WANT NEW VIEWERS? That statistic looks the same for EVERYONE. Even the biggest youtubers. Stop focusing on the statistics. You'll be less stressed and you'll have more time to focus on your videos. Oh and people won't actively avoid subscribing to you for pulling this.
I like the video but did you really have to use AI art for the thumbnail? I know using AI is free, but so is learning how to make one. I'm not trying to hate or anything, but using AI kinda takes away opportunities to learn and for other people to have opportunities as an artist.
The thumbnail looks extremely ai, you couldn't of just...drawn him?
i never like that sh11ty game in the first place, it ruins children minds
Chris Hanson may be best known for his predator stings, but he’s also been fired from that at least twice that I know of. More recently he’s been peddling prepper supplies and male enhancement pills on radio commercials.
14:11 this video is clearly AI, the first time i saw it i thought it was very obvious to everyone, but it seems it isn't, i could be wrong but in my honest opinion they used AI, no video enhacements just pure video creations from AI
Chris Hansen is a journalist not a hunter
why is no one talking about the AI thumbnail?
Doesn't know the differences between a vigilante vs informant
We should get the corrupt members of the Roblox Corporation to go under oath, and explain why they're letting all these predators run loose on the platform, and put the people who try to protect the platform in charge
Roblox knows there are pedos there, they know this, now in any online game, free ones, they have things called Whales, whales are players who spends the most money on in-game currency or items, and let me tell you now, like the people on Epstein Island, these pedos are high rollers, they're the whales, and Roblox knows this. Also, I want to add, one of their heads look like a PDF File.
The Chief Safety Officer gives off a strange vibe. 🤔
What song do you use in the beginning
Now this video is great… however. Evil ai (this is a joke so don’t get mad in my replies)
I wonder if adobe gets a dollar for each child touched by a pdf file?
I’m gonna lie I love Roblox
Moral of the story is... Minecraft is better
And Dhar Mann just put out a pro Roblox video because of course he did.
The words you are "forced"/choose to censor so the cash keeps coming in iis wild.  I get it, I'm older, but censorship was a sin to us when the government started to force upon our interests  It just sucks when it simply comes down to money. That's what it is, all about money
Would u believe a platform that is exclusively kids 5 to 12 would attract the worst people.
I swear their investors is so shady that the higherup in the company willing to protect them more than their consumers. Money over morality.
this is so dumb. i spent so much time on roblox to get good at obbies. but now i dont even wanna play it.
This its actually crazy, my parents warned me about PDT files in games like habbo hotel and club Paquin back in the day but i never had an experience like that back in the early 2010's. now at 27 years old and seeing these videos it seems to have become a bigger problem then when i was a kid. scary.
AYO first time seeing your face!
They really need to stop censoring words. I really don't understand why they do that.
Roblox isn't the same anymore if Erik didn't die Roblox could have been better until his death of old age but instead Erik died by cancer Well I did research that Erik died of Aggressive brain cancer  Erik didn't see the same friend again in the heavens he probably don't want to forgive David for doing this
Can you just fucking say pedophile instead of pdf file like its fine
And I can't believe that some people side with Roblox bro
Im proud to say that I’ve never tried roblox
damn even the ceo and cso look like pdf's ngl, no wonder they went after schlep
Fine, I’ll subscribe FFS!! 😖
Does anyone else find KreekCrafts haircut annoying to look at
I'm starting to think the CEO is a pdf file-
Kinda makes me wonder who the leadership at Roblox is protecting if they’re not actively protecting the children or the people exposing predators…
if you are 31 and dont know, you are a really bad father tbh.
lol im more surprised at how many people are surprised, maybe pay attention to what your kids play instead of just pawning them off on electronics for some alone time, this has been a public issue for quite a while, people just enjoy being blind and saying they didnt know, pathetic
They're not out of touch - they know exactly what's happening.
I've literally been saying it for years the people working at Roblox are all pedophiles every last one of them and anyone who still doesn't believe me even after this is either willfully ignorant or they themselves are pedophiles just pretending to be dumber than they already are
Did you loose weight?
Ai art in the thumbnail?? Interesting…
dont call those things people, or else hunting season would be unethical :)
I’ve never heard of Schlep before, but now I already respect the hell out of him for what he tried to do.
Roblox is right though, Schlep’s actions really ARE putting their community at risk.  Their community being the pedophiles, of course.
for a second i thought the roblox logo was the youtube logo on the thumbnail
We need a new ceo
Insanity unveiled
Uhhh there was never a downfall just an inconvenience
I do not very much like the fact that you used ai for the thumbnail.
Ai in thumbnail
It’s not enough to sue roblocks their employees should be arrested because they are protecting pdf files the ceo should never see the light of day again
12:15 the fact that the CEO/Dev's are putting their foot down now just show that they would have never lifted a finger if they didn't have a spotlight on them. The whole development team and everyone involved should be Investigated, as its clear to see the predators are in the rat's nest!
I knew this guy was eventually gonna cover this.
I get it, demonetization and stuff, but this video's not gonna stay monetized anyway. Just call them pedophiles, don't give them the grace of a lighter name. That's how anime fans justify similar stuff using friendlier veiled terms. It's pedophilia.
U lost weight?  Congrats! Looking good!
“Trying to protect our community” you mean your wallet
I guess that concludes it I’m uninstalling roblox
Meanwhile, Roblox stock is higher than ever. 🤷
It says a lot about a company when, instead of going after disgusting criminals, they go after the people who exposed them to the public and the police. Like how stupid can you be? What the fuck did they expect would happen when they ban a very public streamer? For people to not notice and continue on as if nothing weird happened?
I said ‘Screw Roblox’ and got banned for two days. Some kid in the same game started saying some things that would definitely make me lose my job and the mods ignored him.
Who was there the HOUR this all started, it was Hell for the roblox community LITERALLY EVERYONE was talking about it, my feed was literally covered with all the Drama, it was stressful, I swear literally nobody slept those first few days, it was insane
this all started once those vr chat user's started migrating onto the game.
no little big planet did deserve its down fall ----- little big 1 best game hands down ----- 2 okay ----> 3 the biggest fail like who made this trash of a game ---- you get me thats why it did
Honestly when I first heard about the public bathroom games I didn't think it was real until I saw literally kids like 10-14 year olds doing things kids shouldn't be doing. And the fact that older ppl defended their actions because their were the ones making them do it. It's honestly disgusting how Roblox let's this slide but I guess it's all about the money they're after.
6:44 the amount of hands that went up .. dude this s*it kills me. I am NEVER letting my kids online. It terrifies me.
Bruce Rivers is the criminal lawyer! He offered to represent Schlep. He's the man.
I honestly dont understand the sudden drama?  People have been saying there's predators on Roblox for years, why suddenly now is it an issue?  All because one guy gets banned?  We should have been howling for Roblox to stop YEARS ago.  Not wait till now.  I fucking hate today's society.  There's problems going on, but people let it slide because "its a game" or whatever lame excuse.  If there's issues like this Soo prevalent in social media then we need to stop it BEFORE it goes on for years and years.  Smh.
Get rid of the AI
The ceo is a pedophile
Been subbed since the third vid I watched, and you have not disappointed since. Keep being amazing, and keep well.
Are you using AI for your face cam segments in this video?
its back up there not all the way but everyone talks about the news how it lost this much and not the truth of how it went back up in price
HOW DARE YOU, Reporting to the police instead of the greedy multi-billion dolar company? DISGUSTING!
The petition mentioned at the end of the video (18:40) is still open as of right now!
Who does this mans thumbnail art as it looks ai, aside for that the video is pretty good.
This is so similar to ww1 in how it started
Now I feel like I live under a rock because 98% of these down falls I don’t know about but this THIS you have to be living under the world to not hear or heard about the Roblox vs schlep drama
It baffles me that it took Schlep for people to go, "huh, Roblox is bad, wow... we should like, do something." The Roblox community has been talking about it and wanting something done for years, but only now people everywhere are actually registering it. This should have happened YEARS ago.
It’s funny you NEED to specify what downfall of roblox it is this time
It's a good thing I was never interested in making a Roblox Account.  The fact that there is Stuff on the platform that should *NEVER* be near kids Absolutely Disgusts me!
Imagine you created a useful file format just for it to be used as a kitty profanity word. This censorship needs to stop its getting out of hand.
You know you are cooked when the mans himself Internet Anarchist has to make a whopping 19 minute video about the whole situation 😭 🙏
Not saying my 5 subscribers wouldn't get these videos otherwise, but YT should introduce a repost button to give videos on this subject more power in the algorithm. People made games were on this situation almost 5 years ago, and I have to believe that if reposting was possible, it would have been able to gain the traction it has now and get this resolved before more kids get hurt. This is not a complaint or judgment on YT, as Roblox is the criminal in this situation, but it might have helped.
First of all, Chris Hansen is NOT a "grifter." He cares about our youth. Why do you think he does what he does and has done for so long?? Perhaps you should look up the definition of the word. Secondly, you KNOW you messed up when Chris Hansen gets involved.
oh no he's using Artificial Incompetence for his thumbnails too?
community = shareholders!
bro the fucking censoring is too much, great video but I can't stand the "pdf file" and censoring the word "suicide"
Literally Roblox is wanting to go down like the dog it is to defend their child-predator’ing money whales. What a sick joke.
When Chris Hansen, the best predator hunter, comes in to call you out, you know you done goofed!
Did you lose weight? Looking good my man, keep it up
I wish someone would protect me as hard as Roblox protects predators
2:06 How the heck guys? Hopefully it counts the people who don’t really have accounts or something.   Right?? No??
I really enjoyed this video. However, if this was posted in 1080p60 with the smooth, fluid animations nearly every other video has, it would have been perfect just like your other videos.
They should just rebrand it: PredBlox
The takeaways from all this...  Schelp - Uses common sense and goes out of his way to do the right way.  David Baszucki - Refuses to use common sense and chooses to make everything outright complicated...while also having no shame in protecting predators.
Sweeping under the rug works until the rug gets lumpy! And now, this rug is very lumpy.
That's why my kids don't play roblox 🤷‍♀️
Roblox may aswell be run by pedos if they don't do nothing to pedos
bro what legal action are they taking? "your honor, this kid keeps finding pedophiles in our platform which we keep unbanned because (????)" i'm 100% they would not win unless the jury gets bribed.
I hate that this is how roblox is gonna end
That safety manager is for sure a creep
This situation is messed up, im happy that the internet got together and are fighting together. That having said, complete side note, i haven't looked at some video's in a while, you look amazing! keep up the good work both irl and on this platform. much love <3
f the Roblox they're too far gone and i uninstalled
you know it's bad that we need to be an anarchist in roblox, if you want to boycott roblox, please don't buy any robux or even better, don't play! until something is done about this corrupt corporation
The most powerful defence video i’ve seen so far. Well said!
It’s insane you can’t even say the fucking world pedophile and predator. Grow up.
I get PDF vibes from Roblox chief of security
I’m glad that so many people are supporting Schlep. Roblox needs to be protecting children.
Roblox used AI for their wackass video too. Literally the guy at the top left looks like he's 2d.
Has Roblox gone off the deep end
Roblox. Use your head for this one 🤔 if you stop the predators! Then there won't be predator hunters also 🤗 that simple
Its crazy how their Head of Security looks like someone you'd find on a registered list
🟥AI THUMBNAIL ALERT🟥(the schlep character is ai)
Is it just me or is the thumbnaill very similar to gwamgos video a week ago
pls change that thumbnail dawg I ain’t here for ai
Where is the evidence that Roblox is losing money? Their value has doubled in 6 months?
The straw the broke the camels back 🐪
Roblox corporation should be punished but not the independent developers who are the reason its so successful.
I mean schelp is kinda of being a vigilante. But it's a good thing! Parents not knowing that Roblox is a cesspool is a problem. Parents!! Do research on the media that your children are consuming.
Do you all remember when Roblox used to be a place where you hang out with friends and players?  Yeah good times... now it's Roblox: Predator Edition
if you are a parent, and let your children play this pdf file INFESTED game, your kids need removed from your custody IMMEDIATELY. this is insane.
I made it 1:31 in and after that chris henson read. i had to walk away and die laughing. your monotone reading hit so hard i lost my shit. good job, keep it up.
yeah when i was like 11 years old i was lead off the platform by a 20yo. i was playing an obby and wanted to make a friend, he told me to add him on snapchat and so i added him. then he tried to get me to be his girlfriend and explained how his ex boyfriend was also 11 years old. luckily i was smart enough to block him but the fact he got me all the way to snapchat is HELLA concerning and i hope he had no more victims
16:25 bro Chris Hansen is a bad look for the pred catchers. He’s literally stalked people and broke pretty much all the rules when it comes to catching predators to where he’s kind of a predator himself now.
Well..... roblox always been like that, always making some shit and blaming other's. This situation reminded me when Ruben Sim tries to bring, i should say, justice on this game. And them they acted just like that, poor Schlep.
Pretty informative. But I wonder, why are people so afraid of the word "PEDOPHILE" Why soften the blow? Is it people afraid of the almighty algorithm suppressing the video if it detects the word? Or something else? Because I feel like trying to find an euphemism for "PEDOPHILE" just takes away from the severity of it.
I hope the platform doesn’t go down but I do hope that the higher ups who are actively trying to hide and deny the obvious problems on Roblox get fired and replaced by people who actually go by Roblox’s core values
Erik Cassel didn't die for this bro.
I'll give Roblox till Christmas to fall
12:59 this dude looks like a pdfile
I mean you can't have predators in your game if you don't have anyone playing it. So in a way they solved the problem, good job roblox
People keep phrasing it as if the team and higher ups at roblox are geniunely stupid or money hungry, but I think its very clear cut that theyre actively trying to host predators and make it a safehaven for this fucked up demographic, these arent just the actions of severely stupid people or greed but of people who agree with and partake with such degeneracy.
This is the problem when it’s corporate companies they don’t care about you. They don’t care about if you got the defiled by somebody, they only care if your account is open and paying money for their greedy little hands and the problem with Roblox is the fact that they don’t care they should but they don’t. We all need to fight back. I deleted Roblox off of both of my devices. I used to have fun with the game along time ago now it’s just going to be a distant memory thank you Roblox for making the memories but at the same time you should’ve done something.
Okay, "Escape to Epstein Island" and the other titles are actually pretty funny but don't belong in a kid's game.  😅
deserved downfall = record of players xD
Call a spade a spade dude, the self censorship is making the whole situation worse. Don't Invalidate what the victims went through. They were stalked and groomed by PEDOPHILES. Google it, understand the word, understand that it's a bad thing. But don't stop talking about it, that's how we forget that people can be this evil, and we shouldn't forget. So bullshit ass platforms like Roblox don't even get up and running at all
the roblox devs are pedos, they just want the game too be there perfect hunting grounds and are trying horribly to keep it that way
As someone who knows about Law and Justice I must say these CEOs are acting completely immature and childish. If he would have acted like an adult he would have made a correct, REASONABLE response to Schlep, dealt with all the gross and inappropriate games currently existing on Roblox, GIVING EXPLANATIONS ON WHY THOSE WERE DELETED. And not adding disgusting emotes that are harmful to children.
What if technoblade was alive by now he would probably get involved in the schlep team though and dream to like the minecrafters would be getting involved of supporting schlep though
Didn’t CEO’s learn not too long ago that they can be shoot in the back just like a regular person and the world would throw a party when they die
People really abuse the word 'community'.
Three words:  New. Ceo. NOW!
Bro this is entirely speculation and totally unfounded, but someone needs to look in to that guy Matt. He gives me the heebeejeebeeeeeeeeeezzzz dude
16:17 why'd you call chris hansen a grifter? lol
Discord is next. They harbor hundreds of thousands of pedophiles.
Stop asking for people to subribe. Earn it as someone who is subbed im tired of you asking.
Schlep is actually a Criminal The Predator Poaching Trend needs to Stop its a Dramatic Disease thats only made to Put Fears into Children and Others its only made to Put Fear not for the Sake of Children Safeties take it from someone who loves bringing Justice like me
We should start calling the higher-ups here exactly what they are. P3dophiles.  Only p3dos protect and defend their kind.
DO ME NEXT ! EVERYONE DID ME, VICE, SUNNYV2, INTERNETAJAY, TURKEY TOM !!
PDF Files? Really? You are THAT fucking LAME you cannot even use words correctly.
If this keeps up, some unsuspecting YouTuber who only makes Adobe Acrobat tutorials is going to get banned for overuse of the term "PDF Files ".
How can Roblox be so dumb? How can they look at this and say “OH! I know what the problem is! it’s these damn vigilantes in our servers!” It’s so dumb how reverse this shit is, down to Roblox’s ceo.
As a roblox dev who has banned and reported these people and does my best to keep everyone as safe as possible, it's so hard to watch this, as I'm a full time dev on roblox who only makes about 60k a year. I've been developing on it since I was 12 and I turned it into my job, and it's been my dream job since. I just hope it doesn't force me off of it because of my.income dropping :(
Even DonutOperator did a video on this
a video on the ethan vs hasan orbiters situation when?
Anus butts
why ai thumbnail 🙏
Yup, Roblox is in trouble now
BS
........Did you just call Chris Hansen a grifter?  Why?
NAH Y U USING AI STOP
Roblox is way too big to fail. They control 40% of the gaming industry. Losing 12 B is nothing to them. I have been fighting the pred problem since 2018, and it is true.... Roblox wont do a thing, I cant say what I did to the preds...... Just know they are no longer on Discord, or other places for that matter. Someone let Schlep know that he can fight them all day, it wont get anywhere. Tried it, doesnt matter how much light is shed on it.
>report pedos roblox >nothing >report pedos to police >pedos get arrested >roblox sues
The ceoe looks like ai and a predator at the same time
I think using terms like "pdf files" really takes away from the seriousness of what is going on.  Censor yourself if you want, but if you actually want to draw the attention of people who matter you should just censor yourself like you do with all other non-advertiser friendly language.
In case for any one that doesn’t know the 45 min video of the CEO and CSO is legitimately an ai made video the CEO drinks from a coffee cub with litterally scribbles in it
We need some folks publicly delt with for enabling this. Televised event, wall or woodchipper, only options they get. We dun need to waste money on holding these skin walkers...
Roblox and Google: we shield PDF
@roblox is ran by pedophiles. That’s all there is to it.
My college literally banned the game from our Esports team because of all this. Its dissapointing, but I understand why. Roblox needs to get its head  straight and let david go already.
When you're announcing that you're adding dating features to a game primarily used by children (they have the metadata to know their user demographics, it's going to be part of their marketing and PR strats), in the midst of allegations such as this, plus making games '17+' instead of 18+ as is common...these aren't accidents. These are intentional, willful actions by college educated adults. They're willing to serve children to predators if it adds another 0 to their profit margin.  Absolute monsters, the three of them.
The only reason they got rid of Shlep is because the owners/creators of Roblox are predators themselves.  Cant tell me otherwise
why does the roblox character in the thumbnail look ai generated
"Я" hat
ai thumbnail :(((
Ai schlep thumbnail is wild
Do yall know the response video from roblox is AI
only age verification i've encountered on ROBLOX was for removing/reducing chat filter....... and even then it was too much of a pain to do, since it had you jumping through multiple shiet on email links..... i'll just tolerate having my name censored whenever i play 😂😭 the name being ''The Disco Lizard''  pretty sure disco is censored for some unknown reason
Actually, this isn't David Baszucki's fault, it is actually Matt Kaulfman's fault. If you see, his profile has many suspicious badges
Im tired of these YouTube bots
Wasn't the response ai too? It looks too uncanny to be real and I saw footage of moments where one person's fingers disappeared from their hands.
Hearing what's happening to Roblox now after they tried to put money over children's safety is so satisfying 😊
their chief safety officer looks like one of Schlep's 'victims' ngl.
that video from Roblox its actually a.i not the real thing
the ai thumbnail??
These people are flabbergasted that there's preds on roblox yet we have the biggest one as the president.
Chris Hansen telling Roblox to "take a seat" omg love it 😂
There's nothing to be found much for David baszucki's background but he is the son of Ukrainian immigrants... If you know you know
It would be nice if a new CEO replaced David Baszucki and focused mainly on eliminating predators, unbanning Schlep, and listening to the community.  We can only dream.
about time that game got shut down the amount of crazy that has happened on that game is on a different scale aka the second minecraft dark area.
Time for Roblox to go, for good. The way their upper management is trying to wave away these serious allegations and even the conviction of *multiple* pdfs in their own game is wild. Either they are pred enablers, preds themselves, or they're so greedy for those adult Robux that they'll ignore *anything*
Watching the downfall of roblox is so cathartic to me. I have a different experience with Roblox, and that's the constant art theft for shitty RP chat games. There is literally no copyright rules on Roblox last I saw, and the only way to get your art removed from a game is to contact the creator, and that enforced you to make an account in order to. It's absolute chaos and no proper DMCA files to fill out.
instead of saying pdf can u just say pedofile or predator, its not that serious jsut a a lil bit annoyin
I felt so bad for my son. He LOVES Roblox, but my bf and I are trying to keep him safe and he’s not allowed to be on there anymore. I’m even trying to delete our accounts. He keeps asking if he can get back in but I tell him he can’t cause there are still very bad people on there and Roblox hasn’t done anything about it yet…
Jeffrey Epstein's spirit must have possessed David in the first place for this scandal to take place  Speaking of, I faintly see the resemblence in David...
Oh well. I'll miss Roblox if it gets shut down...sigh
WTF?!
You know how bad this country and website is, when you have to self-censor and can't even call Pedophiles a Pedophile, and instead call them PDF files. You are not helping the situation. You have an obligation as a human to call them what they are,  you lend credit to what they did/do by not speaking out directly.
The fact that this shitty game isn't R rated stunns me.
Roblox stocks is all time high tho
Roblox is more negligent than Jurassic Park at this point.
People are really milking this whole shlep thing but still its good its getting the attention it does
That CEO looks like a textbook PDF file
I genuinely hope that Schlep gets to be CEO of Roblox and show us how REAL people should run a company/business
You know it's serious when Internet Anarchist shows his face multiple times in a video
Dude, the owner of roblox is a Pedo, why else would he fight tooth and nail to remove hunters. Thats how it looks from the outside
I was wondering why Roblox was so against Schlep's actions until i saw the hide-kids-in-basement-tim-cook-looking CEO
and i'm happy that i delete my Roblox account thank God for that shit 😅🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
If Schlep would've reported it only to Roblox nothing would've been done at all because they'd rather protect that info then actually doing something about it that would alert the public. i'm very glad that Schelp took it upon himself to contact the proper authorities and work with them to catch those people because who knows what horrors those kids would've gone through, also if one of the leading predator catchers wants to have a talk with a companies CEO you know you're done for especially when you ban people who are trying to do your job for you.
Some one needs to park a woodchipper outside rolbox HQ
Roblox downfall they just broke a record
ROBLOX SHOULD BE TAKING DOWN FOREVER! 😡🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
to be honest with you i don't use roblox as much so yeah but my cousins kids do play roblox and i think that Roblox should be taken down because people don't use it as much so yeah lol! and i think its a bad idea to put dating on Roblox app for over the age of 25 for people who's on Roblox 😡 it's a terrible thing like you mentioned! so yeah thats what i think
Bots
31 year old dad is based
HAUUUEEEEWAAAAAAAH
18:31 hear me out, roblox is trying to make roblox a dating site so that people stop referring roblox as a gaming site in headlines
if david baszucki abdicates who should take his place as CEO?
As soon as I saw and heard the Chief Safety Officer speak, I understood why he'd protect pdf files. He's defending himself.
The death of the Internet starts with sex offenders being called PDF Files
PEDOPHILES PEDOPHILES PEDOPHILES
boblox ceo is pedo!?
all of the CEOs look like pdf files
Roblox is also beating records right now for most players online so they’ve hardly fallen
FREE SCHLEP
guys at 1:51 min the guy is ai u can see the filter blur on top of his head
You know Roblox is cooked when KreekCraft leaves the star program 💀
pay attention to your kids people.
The only logical reason I can deduce on why Roblox made nothing about these incidents is because the owner(s) is a PDF file. Feds should investigate every higher up in the company
Formally and respectfully, I think parents should just be good parents and not have their children wanting to meet with people on the internet. Maybe then we would actually not have children talking to p3d0's and getting kidnapped. People these days like to parent these kids with technology and don't even teach them online safety. When it comes to games that aren't sfw on Roblox, that's on Roblox for not taking them down, but for p3d0's, that is not and shouldn't be Roblox's problem or people like Schlep to prevent these people from interacting with children, still down for the arrests, but the interaction between them should fall on parents teaching their own children how to be safe on the f&%$ing internet.
Nice 🎉🎉🎉❤❤
1:55 I'm not sayin'... I'm just sayin'... Looks like, quacks like, amiright?
So… can we bully another certain multi billion dollar corporation like this? Like say a certain platform who keep making dumb ai changes and refuse to make their child platform child friendly and are instead trying to ruin their normal platform
whats up with that trashy ai thumbnail
Fuck YouTubes crappy comment guidelines update! It’s annoying! Anyways, I’m glad you’re talking about this situation. Roblox is done for in my opinion
These damn PDF files are out of control.
Why didn't anyone report them to Interpol? They're able to work across international borders unlike police or federal authorities.
I stand with Schlep.
what a shocker, soulless millionaires are protecting predators, and in other news, grass is green
Does anyone feel like matt kaufman is a pdf the he smile is making me feel he's a pdf
9:09 He is kind of wrong about entrapment, only governments can commit entrapment.
Holy crap.... You are wayyyyy more babyfaced than I expected with that super manly voice. ❤❤❤❤
At this point Roblox is just a dating platform for pedos
Unfortunately their stocks went up recently
Every executive there looks like someone chris would tell to take a seat.
Roblox deciding to go after the person exposing these predators instead of going after the predators themselves says A LOT about them. I’m not gonna say the CEO is a predator himself, but I am gonna say it might be worth checking his hard drive…
Roblox needs to be FBI raided
Ai generated Schlep in thumbnail
12:50 looks like a damn predator…
WHY ARE THEY ARRESTING PDF FILES! IS that even possible? What are they going to do just SAVE the file into a hard drive for years ? NO they need to go after the Pedophiles :P
if the whole world is against roblox, roblox knows that they have f**ed up badly Edit: i wanted to add another line which is, my theory: roblox was created to gain trust of every child and when it got it, they used it to help predators g word children and basically roblox is a part of the dark world of crimes also if someone says that roblox is just lazy to ban pr****s from their platforms, then why the hell is roblox not lazy to ban every account that is related to schlep if someone says that roblox has negligence, then how could they not see the youtube videos all talking about them, it aint like roblox doesnt see youtube for entertainment if any hacker hacks roblox, that hacker should get a prize instead of a punishment, this is how far i am going and this sentence is simply explaining my anger
Didnt Hansen get hansened though?
Be honest you didn't create these vedios because you like schlep.its because you can milk this drama so you get views basically you make money by milking any internet drama🙏🥀😭
The percentile sub guilt strategy made me unsub. Love your content, but I can't support that.
You know. I think we all should stone those people. Like fuck David and his pdf chief moderation.
The vatican has molested over 9 million children in the USA . that is the statistic because only 7% of victims come forward . Its deep and it's dark and they are directed to molest kids because it gives them power. When people study Theology they see how dark things are. But we have power, we have magic, we can exterminate the predators with thoughts..
Is it really necessary to censor these words? Is it cultural, or a rule of the platform?
Thank you for summerising everything
Roblox did not suffer any downfall from this, their stock went back up and they broke records with player count
The Chief Safety Officer looks like A Pedophile
Let's be honest here, all the popular Roblox youtubers know the history of Roblox, this is far worst thing has ever did.
18:00.  I hope dad kicks his own but first for blindly letting video games and the internet to raise his kids without researching what they are playing and doing because it has been widely known to be a predator hunting ground.
You can Suck C*ck Roblox. the Inmates gonna have fun with you
Roblox: Bans a dude for making the dark side of their platform public. Also Roblox: Makes the dark side of their platform more public through the ban.  Wonderful logic, 10/10
My mom was so unsurprised XD, I myself was just like, "ok" and continued on. Its a multi billion company, it doesn't care, I feel bad for Schleep and the children but it's really not that surprising.  Also, why is David getting the mass hate? I understand he is the owner of the company and he doesn't really care cause "he cant be bothered" but isnt it Matt who was spreading lies? Wasnt it Matt who banned Schlep? David is too busy to go look through everything himself, its why he has a whole security team, so he would probably just be listening to them
I’ve been playing Roblox since I was 7 years old I’m 18 now btw. And I’ve been fortunate enough to never be in a situation involving Pedos, I used to love playing Roblox with my friends I pictured it as a competitor to Minecraft. But now since it’s being turned into a dating app with young kids still using it I’ll stay away from it.
bro i got a roblox ad in this video
If roblox didn't do this i wouldn't, and i think more people, shlep's own channel
FINALLY THE INTERNET ANARCHIST IS TALKING ABOUT THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Damn, the Roblox CEO Ro-Blocked Schlep. All jokes aside, the fact that the CEO wanted to include a dating sim in a children's game where kids of age 17 and over can interact with others, I'm assuming with other adults, is weird as f***. I think the CEO was doing this for a sinister reason, with all the pdf files he's been protecting and trying to silence Schlep with threats. There's so much pdf files sh*t around that CEO to the point that I think he should just admit to everyone that he is one too.
The police need to check the CEO's hard drive
Ai thumbnail tho 🥀
ai slop thumbnail lmao
(((Matt Kaufman))) is the Chief Safety Officer
Given the mishandling of this situation, I wouldn't be surprised if David Baszucki is a predator and had Schlep banned and threatened with a lawsuit in an attempt to protect his fellow "pdf files."
Is there a reason to senser PEDOPHILE? Why PDF FILE or PEDO?
you know you’re cooked when InternetAnarchist makes a video on you 🫩✌️
I think she just wants to flex the fact that she has money, she wants people to think that she’s cool and rich.
If Penguinz0 talks about a situation like this, you know roblox Is really fucked up
Face reveal?
I’m thinking about quitting Roblox now
Imagine being a company and literally saying that the cops aren't the right channel to report pedos, they are; what in the corpo dystopia are they talking about? The cops ARE the right channel, fuck a corporation
PDF files... This is the first time I've heard it called that. Great. Now I'm going to think about this every time someone mentions a pdf at work.
I was groomed too and I want to be a part of Schlep's cause of catching these monsters
The part that really gets me with the epstein island one. Its not even escape FROM epstien island. Its escape TO epstien island.  As if its some kind of safe haven paradise.
Free Schlep! Roblox MUST be totally obliterated.
It’s at the point that I don’t even think it’s about money. We need to check his hard drive, if you know what I mean…
It seems pedos are roblox's real users and children are the products
yeah roblox is done for now
Well the CEO was a major GOP donator, so of course he’s defending PDFs
I hope this gets bad enough that they have to sell guilded so my family once again has an online discord clone that is not run by pdfs. Not enough talk about the connection of current events relating to roblox, and how they forced you to link a robolox account to continue using guilded. 1 + 1 = 2.
Not gonna lie brother, but that subscribe plug was extremely tasteless, especially on a topic such as this....
2:00 you said to subscribe...so I did
Trump removed moderation. Why did people choose him?!
While I understand them not wanting civilians hunting down the bad people. THEY NEED TO DO IT THEMSELVES. If you stop normal people from doing it you need to replace them with a way to do it yourself and fix your report system.
How are those big creators of Roblox just leaving now?
This video is great... But why did you use AI for the thumbnail?
i've convinced 2 coworkers to not let their kids play Roblox. They were both oblivious. Fuck this company
Roblox needs to fall down fast so it can lose more money and players
Quackity would be proud.
damn 1 guy destroyed a whole company
why is the thumbnail ai
Well about little big planet Its similar to the roblox situation A loveable game by millions of people who started getting killed by their owners Whenever someone mentions lbp an instant flash back comes to my mind I miss my friends and all of the levels i made But im quite happy that people still know this game and even made an online version of it too❤️
Anyone else suspicious of the Roblox CEO, I mean, what kind of person goes THIS FAR to protect pdf files...unless they are also... 👀
even Gotham's authority supports its favorite vigilante
Release the Roblox files
Why the hell does Roblox have 'hug simulator' (dating) a thing😭😭💀💀☠️☠️
Chris Handsome has a personal interest in taking Roblox down since his encounter with the Booty Warrior. 😂
I've been talking about the PDF epidemic in Roblox to my friends and family for years. It's always evident to me how bad and fvck up the issue is and also how glaringly evident that Roblox don't care about it, as we have seen lately. Thank you Internet Anarchist for talking about this issue. And guys, remember to never stop taking about how disgusting Roblox is.
14:08  who else thinks this guy looks like a pdf
L ROBLOX W SCHLEP FOR TRYING TO PROTECT THE COMMUNITY
Wouldn't surprise me if it turns into one of those P3do rings the leaders of that Org need to be individually investigated
David's files when?
Why do most of the Roblox corporate people look like pdfiles or pdfile supporters?
6:20 is exactly the issue and why roblox wont do anything
for some reason i thought the title said the deserved downfall of schlep💀
I think we need to erase David along with his close employees and hire a new CEO.
They just need to shut it down. I just watched a body cam video of cops arresting a 17 yo predator. He said he was soliciting 3-5 different people a day for years.
Predators protect Predators
I audibly chanted “kick his ass” three times upon hearing the 31 year old father’s tweet, expressing his anger towards the CEO.
this just makes me think that roblox either has pedo employees or just likes them so they protect them. But we all know that they let pedos roam the game because thats money for them. Which is all sickening to me. Chris Hansen should unleash his wrath on roblox
Just sounds like Roblox as a whole is an organization that does the same thing that the players are being accused of however that is just how it sounds like it to me because no company has ever had such a horrible response in my opinion.
If youre a pedo just go ahead and kill yourself. Youre a disgusting monster that doesnt deserve to breathe
If you touch or harm children you deserve to be under a jail
And I thought Trump was protecting PDFs. Now we got another billionaire doing it. Roblox is not getting out of this without blood on their hands.
did you use ai slop for the thumbnail..? 💔💔
Sounds like to me the owners of Roblox are predators themselves.
Did anyone
This also carries the same energy as Wizards of the Coast, sending the pinkertons after some guy because they accidentally gave him a box that shouldn't have been released yet and he was supposed to open the box, he got on camera anyways for his sponsorship and didn't realize until he opened it that it was the box that wasn't even released yet
This whole situation turned into a persona 5 plot atp
Oh that’s the 2017 roblox cheez it logo
Speak louder so the kids in the back can hear
I wish roblox doesn't exist bro.😮
Man, all ‘pdf files’ should just be eliminated from this planet.
Roblox just broke the player count by having 47M players online.... while it is rightfully facing backlash, sadly it's not a downfall yet
If he wanted to add a dating part to this, I'm sorry but he should have just made an offshoot of raw blocks. They already have everything for role blocks, why not just make an offshoot that only adults can sign into.
You forgot one thing, their appology video was ai generated, which makes it way worse
We need predators gone
Roblox's leadership is nothing but pedos, can't convince me otherwise. They need a visit from Luigi. Don't remove the CEO, Execute him.
Whattt 😢 please dont ban roblox looovve the wild west 😢😢
All the executives and CEOs look like pedophils themselves.
We need Roblox to make Roblox good
What no way the game that for years openly allowed pedophiles to play on their game? And did Jack shit about it is now going into more shit. Somehow got popular because of one game called grow a garden which they probably loved because it completely and mask the fact that they're acting like a mega church for catholics not to also mention that they have a fully real stock market that children can get scammed in. I'm not sure if it's still going where you can trade robucks, 1:1 for american dollars, but I know that used to be a thing but I'm pretty sure there was a makewish kid that had a one only printed item that was worth hundreds of millions of robucks, traded it for a dumb item and got scammed
Cool it with the “HOWEVAAAA” please
This was a good thing, not for Schlep ofc, but it exposed Roblox fully. And the CEO and CSO may get arrested. They are certified pdf's.
Their CEO and ESPECIALLY the CSO are predator's themselves. I mean, Jesus Christ look at the CSO.
Those who never played roblox button>>>>>>>>
I used to play Roblox back in 2008-2010 I was about 9 or so then used to do mostly tycoons and hide and seek maps I’m surprised the game is still alive and still full of pdfs
This was coming since when they removed Tix.
It also didn't help when the CEO basically said "if you don't want your kids to be a victim don't let them play the game" sounds like he cares about about the PDFs then anything else. Makes me wonder whats on his hard drive and why is he protecting PDFs so hard.
Roblox CEO really thought pedo were liked people than the one trying to exposed them
How come the guy who made the video about violating policy and everything else is like the picture definition of a pedophile
I have a son who asked to play robot for years and I always said  no now that he is a teen and is seeing this all go down he realizes that I wasn't just saying no for no reason. Free Shlep
Dude it’s how young you are
We are absolutely sure that the shareholders and board of roblox is just a bunch of -speedos- too? At this point it seems insane right? It feels like Second World leaning heavy into their 'user base', despite the warnings.
Clearly all of corporate at roblox has 100% spent time at the island...
So much censorchip feels like im back in china
12B should hopefully be enough for them to get the picture. It’s insane that most companies let it get that bad before they do anything about it.
Roblox needs to admit their problem right now or it’s going to get worse for them
Bro, the reason Roblox does nothing about the pedo problem is because the CSO is one of them. If they start banning pedophiles, their CSO would get removed from the business completely. Just look at that dude's dead eyes.
Good guy Schlep
The father of the 9 year old and the 7 year old should be sued alongside Roblox. How can parents be so stupid to allow a child to be online long enough to play stupid computergames? I don´t understand that.
The CEO really sounds like a pdfile himself
I work in a bank's. Just last night, I had a caller say he had an unauthorized charge on his CC for Robux. I was getting him set up to go over to the Fraud dept, when I decided to tell him to look into the game to see why his son may have done that. He (thankfully) said he was aware of this drama and the situation and assured me it was just his son doing something he knew he wasn't supposed to, but thanked me for bringing it up. It's scary that I have to tell people "Hey you're son/daughter might be in danger playing a kids game, and that charge may be bc a pdfile told them to do something."
i bet the entire roblox admistration is just child predators
ey yo my boi lost some weight well done bro
Errik Cassel is disappointed ☹️
the child safety chief is a ugly zogblin another cohencidence?
Im convinced that this mf just watches charlies videos and makes videos based on what he says
Please don’t use AI
pdfs protects other pdfs
“Roblox, take a seat on that stool right there. So…what are you doing here?!?”
Would not surprise me if Roblox higher ups are on a certain list.
I can't watch this, consistently referring to attempted child abusers as "PDF files" when that is already a well-established thing that exists in the world is just fucking annoying.
can we talk about how the thumbnaill looks so A.i.?
You go for david’s mental health now, so he goes crazy, then lastly you go to him physically
I’m honestly so fed up with how we’re basically forced to say alternate versions of words to describe the most disgusting people. “PDF file?” “SA?” Censoring terms that describe inappropriate behavior? CALL IT WHAT IT IS. SEXUAL ASSAULT, PEDOPHILES. STOP PROTECTING THESE MFS
The face of the Chief Safety Officer of Roblox makes me wonder. Safety for who? Predator or Prey?
Oh... I better tell my cousin's parents and actively prevent or at least, monitor them when playing Roblox for the time being... God damn it.
12:47 dude looks like a predator...
50 bucks says the CEO and CSO are in the Epstein Files
For many years that company knowingly flouted copyright laws and they made so much money from complete copies of games like "Papers Please" and not to mention the audio library which was full of copyright music. The avatar catalogue contained a lot of branded clothing, which Roblox was making money from for many years before it was cracked down on.
Dang ı was blaming my country turkey for banning Roblox..But once ı gave my goverment credit for doing it  And ı find it reasonable
I mean.... just look at that chin master, it screams he is one of them, no wonder they are protected.
Ceo / cso and other seniors at roblox have roblox accounts 90% of their friend list are under 12 years old
Y'all first @Akanaland is getting controversy because of the woody show and the woody sucks because they judged her because of her looks and Now schelp what did these YouTubers do
By the way their response is AI generated if you see their real video when the girl talks at a second or two her 5 fingers hand became 3 fingers
16:13 Did you just call Chris Hansen a "grifter"?
This self-censoring of words, in your speaking, ducking audio, and the examples of text on screen - "s***** a******", and "PDF Files" really, really annoys. Just say it. Are you scared of being demonetized? Is "pedophile" a forbidden word here? WTAF. We really need to have a discussion about using adult language when discussing adult topics. It's very hard to take you seriously otherwise.
Bro did you lose weight? Maybe Im tripping but you lookin healthy tho, (no homo)
100% sure all the Roblox executives are on the Epstein list
That whole roblox video is fully AI
They are still beating their record of most concurrent players, so idk if you can count it as a downfall.
I Really hope Roblox goes under COMPLETELY.
I'm glad that my brothers stopped playing Roblox long ago.
Roblox banned a creator who only a few people knew, and cause of that their getting clowned on the internet, getting banned in many countries. They really lost a billion dollar by banning one person.
So they have chat logs for everything.  We need a hero to hack and leak.
Hey Internet Slop-archist, make a video on the new allegations of Destiny.
I can't wait for the CEO of Roblox vs whatever character @nicepeter comes up with
The chief safety officer looks like a ghoul.
He doesn't realize that's wat pred hunters do like seriously
CEO really out here protectin peds. He needs locked up
It was never about the kids, Schlep. - Roblox probably
Ngl its GGS for Roblox  even the INTERNET ANARCHIST is talking about this
Nice AI Schlep in the thumbnail
I miss the days where the worst thing to happen to you was someone tea bagging your guy on halo 3
On behalf of Gen alpha (I’m not one of the weird ones) I would like to say thank you to Schlep, PenguinZ0, Internet Anarchist, and anyone else helping this fight. I think Roblox is full of crap for choosing money over child safety!
I think the CEO is actually one of the predators on Roblox and is trying to cover his own butt.
The question is does Roblox want the game to be for kids, or for predators?
Don't forget the apologize video has something wrong with it their talking is weird like AI script, not to mention multiple glitches that confirmed AI involvement in the video.  Either it's fully ai generated or maybe cheaply Ai upscaled?
Roblox was probably started by PDFs, to find children to abuse
10:31 That was already a red flag
18:00 hell yea carey w's in the chat bro I fully agree with beating the CEO up at this point
b%'ed Schlep because he was putting their 'Customers' 'at risk!'.  Remind me how many Minors have Credit, & Bank Debit Cards again?   This is an, old lil ditty, but it holds true. _If your NOT the Customer, then you're the PRODUCT!_  Children not being able to hold Credit/Bank Account(s) can never be Customers, hence they're Products for  PDFs to attack on that Platform.  Also why TF are Mastercharge, and Visa still supporting this nasty Game? Seems they had no problems kneecaping VALVe, and Itch-io. I guess that's 'cause PDFs don't play Kotawa Shoujo. Or other perfectly legal, Games that hurt nobody ever.
If only we had luigi mangioni
When the chief safety officer himself looks like a stereotypical pedo you know the rot is root deep
My main worry is that controversy is a munition for politicians who wants to enforce ID identification on the Internet and completely destroy anonymity.
“PDF catcher and grifter” 😂
I know the feeling believe me... I was protecting a certain game.. it was gotcha online... It was one of my favorites cuz I can make characters all I want... And hang out with my friends... But then some people start making their characters looks gross.. and doing bad stuff in the game.. as it was a kid game I maybe wasn't a child I was adult. The instincts of like a older sibling or a mother towards these children I wanted to protect them... If I said I was adult... I would get a media yelled at.. single play Minecraft go this go there you don't deserve to be here type of bullshit.. so I protect them in a different way. Getting the ones are doing wrong in the game I love. And get them banned. Am I in the wrong?
are you sure that we shouldnt be after investors too?... they quit mediately after Roblox got called out but... that only raises more questions...  this isn't a Johny dept trial either where they ripped out someone trying to save there reputation, even tho Johny was innocent  this is Roblox, a game that's failed to bother considering child safety, and ends up trying to silent or ignore anyone and anything that does bother there reputation. who paid them in silent are these investors, who knows where their money go is the investors, and who might know the darkness of Roblox, and decided to bail before they burned with them are the investors
It's equally pathetic and disgusting that you're not even allowed to say the word pedophile
I'm not even on Roblox but I've heard about Schlep and he's one of the GOATS of internet users
Roblox gon b in the next Chris Hansen video
That CSO is a fucking creep. Watch that mf
the ceo looks like a creep, as does the safety officer holy hell dude looks like total pdf
roblox shouldve been investigated a long ass time ago, idk why it took THIS LONG just for this company to get investigated. one youtuber gets banned and all of a sudden shit hits the fan. something just isnt right here.
Fun fact: that video at 15:10 area is fully AI… so yeah
time for some FBI raids and hard drive checks.
The CEO is a PDF file
The CEO and the higher ups at Roblox are Diddlers
Yo can we please stop with the AI thumbnails?  Can't you pay a real person to make a better one?
I swear to god, schlep gets really hard when he pretends being a minor and having those nasty conversations with predators. Reliving his childhood experience over and over again
Honestly, I think David bazucki is a pedo at this point. And he created Roblox secretly just for predators.
13:00 that man looks like a peido as well smh
Look, to play devils advocate, i get where they come from and why they think that banning schlep would make them the good ones. But come one, literally they are doing the gods work and instead of collabing they go with the "following our rules" statement and still dont do shit
As a father of an 8 year old, I always look into games and shows to find out if it is safe for my child to play. I don't just assume because the rating is for kids, that it means it is safe for children to consume. Parents, please take time to investigate what your children play/watch, it is more important now than it ever was before.
Its quite easy of whats happening... Who defense predators at all costs? well other predators... so my assumption the whole top of the company are/or have been pedo's.
ai thumbnail ahh
Who else is tired of spam ai bots trying to protect predators
If I squint at it while almost blackout drunk I can see exactly one scenario where Schlep could be a bad thing and it's if he inspires bad copy cats that just doxx and wildly accuse innocents of being predators.  A situation easily solved by asking the guy to occasionally remind his audience how to do it right until Roblox got it's shit together and made him obsolete the correct way by actually dealing with the preds
Ngl roblox got shitty af anyway only brainrot games and those grow a garden fakes
We got Internet Anarchist, now we need SunnyV2 to make a video!
That CSO looks just like a predator.
Something seems off about the whole thing. It's lile too dumb to be true. I think it could be a distraction. Regardless it's telling us something about this world.
Hell even World of Warcraft used to park Moderators in areas known for players publicly Roleplaying sex acts. And that game it was just text, this has full animations and PDFs everywhere. It would be SO simple to regulate it as a company. Just have Mods honey pot PDFs
Called Roblox predatory Years ago when it launched.  NOTHING Good comes out of Communist China.  NOTHING.  Edit: Little reminder that this whole Predator Problem on Roblox exists and is known for OVER A DECADE now.  Extremely sad that it took THIS long and this much BS for it to finally reach the bigger/mainstream News.   Edit Edit:  DUDE?! Did ya lose weight? Cause i seem to remember you having more of a Moon Face (no offense, im also a former moon face lmao)  Looking good my Guy.
I have never played roblox nor do I have any experience with, Yet all I hear about this program is that it is haven for pedos. Like every tiktok I see warns that kids shouldn't be on there.
i got banned for just saying "dog" and "shit" i didnt say these in the same statement but i see ppl calling me the n word and suffer no consequences but if i play music a lil to clearly on my roblox vc i get banned for 2 weeks its not the fact that they have tens of thousands of reports that they cant respond to them all its that they choose which ones they want to answer i only play this stupid game bc my pc is teribble and i really cant play anything else
So schlep is committing a crime as vigilantism is illegal but he shouldn't have been banned i get he's trying to do the right thing but it is illegal
The only reason I can see Roblox doing this for is to protect someone high within the company or an associate of someone high up who just happens to be a PDF file, otherwise why not join forces.
They made my childhood,but now i hate them
Hey, I.A, What's Your Personal Perspective On This, Just Curious
Looks like Roblox believes it's easier to hide the problem than actually solving it. As long as they get the $$$ with the least effort possible, they don't care.
16:14 he's just a bandwagon hitching onto this popular topic to be relevant.
76% arent subscribed because you keep showing your face for no reason whatsoever.
focus.on ilegal immigration destroyign.the uk or.iwill report you
This is just a side effect of the rot in the society, since forever people with enough money could do anything, if society can't punish an obvious crime commited by the government or even maintaining a cancerous market alive (narcotics) how do you expect to keep a virtual crime from existing.
Worst intro song ever. Change it to some corny white boy sh*t that would suit you more fittingly
when your chief safety officer actually looks like a pdf you know there's a problem
It sounds like the c-suite of Roblox needs to be investigated. They all come off as stereotypical child predators.
Im so glad my kids dont play that shit anymore ,KIDS ARE THEIR MAIN CONSUMERS , clearly the ceo doesnt wanna protect tgem only his wallet
Dude im an uncle of three and my sister told me what is the situation with robot and I told her she told me to uninstall the game
did bro used AI as a thumnail?
its because david dont wanna get caught by schlep
Like how their actions influence the discord around it Roblox has officially decided that it is in their best interest to sweep it all under the rug. Them addressing activist but failing to take sufficient action against groomers and the like shows where their priorities lie. They created a platform and are like many other platforms they are reaping the benefits but also like many are half assing their protections.
multi-million company that can't even provide a decent anti cheat system, how much more for child safety options?? LOL Glad roblox got banned over different countries!
Ts channel is good but don't use ai thumbnail
Shout outs to schlep for saving people
grifter? Chris hanssen? nah man he has earned respect.
What happened to Schlep is actually what happened to Ruben Sim.  When Ruben Sim exposes Roblox for Protecting PDPhile and Roblox ban him and Sue him for 20 Million Dollars during Pandemic.  However Roblox Settle it basically stop their sue after 2 part video of Ruben Sim. sadly Ruben Sim have to pay 100k U$D for Lawyer fee.  but still a Win Loose situation, Ruben Win, Roblox Lost.
They even got SunnyV3 making a video on ts🥀
When your Chief Safety Officer looks like he has a pile of dead boys in his basement.....
Not the AI thumbnail 🥀💔
Probably would have been better for the company to just leave Schlep alone, huh?   Discovery may eventually show which of the busted PDFs was in contact with the higher-ups at Roblox complaining about his pipeline to grooming being affected.  This is institutional karma at its finest, and I'm here for it.
Im Hoping that Kendrick Lamar would also Diss Track CEO roblox as well lolol
The "simulated adult conversations" and "moving conversations off platform" seems like Roblox trying to play off his videos as fake. "Oh look he made it all up himself that's why we are suing haha"
Just like that lad that is doing the damage to these child Predators I'll be doing the same thing I'll be learning these Predators into traps and by the time they realise it is a trap the door is closed behind them and the officers are at their door it's seconds me the ROBLOX is siding with child Predators and not siding with protecting children they are a perfect example of a given company that cares more by profits than detecting children from child predators it is both sickening and disgusting that they are doing this and I for one hope that they get lost suited that they ROBLOX gets sued into the ground and goes bankrupt because of their Latin this type of thing happened this shouldn't be allowed to operate as a game company?😢
Almost all agreed with him?
I used to work for a company that hosted Roblox servers.  This was way back in the day before it got big. The owner was a complete moron and a-hole. So glad this is happening to him.
we are the 76%!
Karma Hits back Hard remember that.
They need to check the laptop of Roblox’s CEO
At this point im convinced everyone at roblox is preying on children on their game
Fan facts: Roblox fail to protect the kids due Money
is the thumbnail of schlep ai generated?
It's David Bazuki who's causing the issues. Roblox needs a new ceo
Im glad he made a video on here
Not to hate, but the roblox guy in the thumbnail just looks... off.
roblox is funded by pedophiles, founded by a pedophile, moderated and watched over by some pedophiles. To remove this issue you have to shut down roblox forever
"The downffall of Roblox" Roblox: Surpasses Steam's concurrent user record  They say that there is no bad publicity
I'm going ad hominem here and say ceo looks like he's an epstein too
Why is Roblox’s logo redv
you know what could have been worse? having these bad people shove kids into animatronics also if tix was not removed this wouldnt happen
Algorithm post
Roblox banned schlep because the CEO and CSO were afraid he was going to catch them next.
Roblox can be fixed. They have to just have new ceo and new workers
What's sad is he has to speak in code.
Its funny how much of a simp I.A. is for critikal. Lmao
12:49 the worst part of this that many missed is the fact that that explaining video roblox made was made by AI. I don't remember exactly in which part but you can see that, if I don't remember bad, the man on the left drinks form a cup and the words the cup has are random symbols. and also the woman on the right at some point you can see that when she moves her hands she happens to have only three fingers
The sad part is that I've spoken to a coworker who's two young sons play Roblox and gave her all the warning and information regarding Roblox (the game was already very problomatic back then) and her response? Something akin to "Whatever, they have fun and don't bother me so its fine". It's sad to say, but I believe that for every few parents that care for the well being of their child when it comes to the dangers of these platforms, there's the one parent(s) that value their peace and quiet over it. Wherever that coworker is today, I hope she's seeing this stuff on the news and finally waking up.
David doesn't _deserve_ to call himself Builderman anymore, especially since he's destroyed the game that was meant to be a passion project between him and his friend Erik Cassel. Everything positive thing he's done for the community has been overshadowed by the careless, or even bored, state of mind he's been in lately. This used to be the guy who sent _friend requests_ to new users as a welcome, now he doesn't even know or care what's going on in the community HE built, the community that _looked up_ to him.
I sympathize with the children wholeheartedly. I do not sympathize with the parents. "I had no idea this was going on!" Yea because you hand your child a phone or tablet without monitoring what they are consuming because its the easy way to parent. If you engaged with your children and did your research with what they consume, maybe you would have come to the conclusion long ago that Roblox is not a safe space for children. Hell none of these sites are. Do your job as a parent and protect your children.
As a victim myself from being gr00med on roblox since I was 7 to 14 that has effected my mental health even tho I'm 18 now it still continues to effect me. Roblox has genuinely worsened so much as time goes on and never makes genuine effort to protect kids and this shows it. They do not care about the safety of the minors on the platform and they never did as they always cared about money nothing more. I hope roblox ends getting someone else as a CEO who would actually cares about the minors safety, or the ceo actually learns from this and actually starts keeping minors safe (which i highly doubt) or just every country in the world bans the game all together for all the minors safety.
1:50 he looks like a diddler
except roblox hasn't gone anywhere, nobody gave a crap before and they wont in a week.
Fbi or some other law enforcement needs to investigate the CEO. With everything he's doing it wouldn't surprise me if he was a nonce just wanting to exploit all those kids
david baszucki = a BIG FUCKING RETARDED PERSON
Thank you for covering this. The most attention it gets the further Roblox goes into the trenches.
Is shlep gay???
why did you use AI for your thumbnail
Did you call Chris Hansen a grifter by mistake? If not, I did not know he was a con artist.
Pedoblox
The Roblox management looks like predators, no wonder they’re doing nothing about predators.
I think you and Visual Venture should really collaborate
I think you and Visual Venture should really collaborate
kid safety or having fun with my bros.. this is a tuff decision..
Looks like ai slop thumbnail
It hilarious how a billion dollar  Company does not know what the word vigilante means
I never knew there was such a hate for adobe PDFs
im moving to minecraft until their s***ty moderation is fixed (indonesia is gonna ban it anyways so yea)
props on kreekcraft for leaving the star program, that's a good choice on his end
Do people like this not actually look at a stock price chart?   It's still at all time highs from last month.   The idea this hit the stock price is not accurate.
The CEO and CSO need to be investigated as well. More than a little bit is off here. This site needs to be dismantled. It cannot be saved atp.
sloppy ass thumbnail but nice video
If the biggest investor stops investing Roblox after seeing this, Roblox might go bankcrupt
Why does the entire executive team look like they are PDFs?
only child predators protects other child predators.
I played on Roblox back in the day, I haven’t played in like 6-7 years but looking back I never saw any if this stuff either it’s only come about and been a big problem in recent years or I was just to clueless to realize. Either way to see roblox defended those kinds of people is disgusting
Rec Room cares about people including childeren that is the reason why there r no pdf files on rec room
Chris Hansen, Legal Eagle, Law by Mike and now IA  You know how cooked Roblox is 💀
ai slop = dislike
Are you saying "PDFphile"????
I really just want it to die not even because it’s unsafe but because so many kids play it nowadays as opposed to something actually good and beneficial like Minecraft, or portal 2. Like how is Roblox ever going to teach you something other than getting that hit of dopamine, games are meant to be about more than pleasure or an escape from reality even Fortnite improves reaction time and quick thinking
Id bet my left nut that the roblox CSO has CSAM on his hard drives! He has "medaled" in a bunch of condo games on roblox. Dude is fucking sus!
God. It hit so hard when they showed the Australian school. It could’ve been near me.
yk the situation is coming to a close when internet anarchist makes a video on it! W vid though, love listening to internet drama
Which I mean fair enough given the fact that they keep pedos on the platform rather then actually punishing them
You forgot to mention the platform has been banned in some countries.
That interruption was smart on David Baszucki’s end. If Matt Kaufman continued what he said, it would solidify the fact that Kaufman is definitely a PDF.
2:00 Did bro lose weight
lets not forget that the parents are dogshit at parenting lol
The cso definitely involved in some weird stuff
I hope every single console/platform removes roblox, doing that would save the kids lol Im serious! just remove the game at this point cuz no child is safe regardless of all their bullshit changes.
Erik could've fixed this if he was still alive. :(  (I also recently quit roblox, and im not planning to play this game again. I would much rather play brickadia if it releases.
12:32 - Little correction: some of these ACTUALLY did get banned, including Meep City. Unfortunately, few/some got unbanned hours later.  Another thing you forgot to mention is that in Schlep's new video, at the end of it, he showed that 8-10 former Roblox employees have reported this problem in the past, but it looks like nothing was done when it happened. And now, Roblox is paying the price for this. (Deserved, though. The fact that the CEO hasn't done anything with this for years shows that he doesn't care, and that he and the company won't change their minds anytime soon.)
PDF FILE RIGHTS!!! AAM/MAP RIGHTS!!!
Crazy how Roblox gets offended and hurt when schlep’s doing an entirely better job then they ever would.
I wouldn't hold breath on any justice being done anytime soon, I mean we got the biggest one sitting in the White House ain't nothing happening to him.
Why’d you have to use an ai image for the thumbnail?
Wont be surprised if the name of CEO of roblox is on the Epstein list
ive always hated roblox i hope this game gets banned in major countries all around the world because of this
16:35 Chrissssss
Internet anarchist ❌ British visual venture ✅
Even when you check Microsoft store is says Roblox need parental guidence and is 12+ for user. Roblox hasn't even updated security systems.
Their stock is up 112% YTD.
Saying pdf files so youtube algo doesnt flag is genius
This is going to sound like a lie but in there responds they used ai not sure if its fully ai but ai was used you see that the woman has 3 thingers and i dont think she was born with just 3
PedoBlox
PEDS PROTECT PEDS!   Anytime you see ANYONE trying to get a pedo off the hook, it's because that exact same disgusting interest in children flows through their veins
Their stock is up over 100% year to date. I don't think it's going anywhere.
A bit of audio desync with your mouth movements.
CEO definitely cut off the security officer to prevent and possibility of Schlep countersuing for defamation or cyber libel. Also, because he was revealing the modus operandi of their predatory clientele.  Somebody better check their hard drives, because they also look like they're hiding quite a few secrets.
10:15 Roblox them self disproved this benefit since when you create a word called free schlep it gets banned  with in seconds showing there isnt a waiting list
10:20 I’m not really sure about that statement man… Roblox has tens of millions of DAILY active users.  Even if under like under 3 percent of the users put in just a single report we are talking about hundreds of thousands and millions of reports A DAY and this is assuming no one is going to spam reports (which is definitely going to happen).  Now to be clear I do think how Roblox is handling this is beyond stupid and they do need increased moderation especially when it comes to bare bones things like the games they allow to be downloaded and played at all ages, there are plenty of very valid things to criticize Roblox for but statement “they could make the platform safe if they wanted to” is waaaaay to much a jump.  When it comes to the vigilante language Roblox corporate was using I believe they are going to try and push on the fact that their users are being exposed publicly for acts that they (Roblox) have not confirmed and the acts these people are being accused of puts them in danger (yes I know the irony here with how ineffective their report system is).  Overall the whole situation is fucked , corporations are masters of reading into the law to the point where they often find a way to wiggle out of almost anything so don’t expect logic or common sense to apply  to anything in regards to this situation🙏
Yeah rovlox is getting more and more *COOKED. GRILLED. MARINATED TO PERFECTION* and whatnot
Minecraft Gonna have a good time with new players from Roblox
The people working at Roblox are defending their own. It is obvious. Disgusting.
Ah, yeah, what’s new? Multi billion dollar corporations protecting their own kind, eh? Wow, never seen that before
Seems like the world is trying HARD to protect pdfiles and predators (know the difference?  Pdfs go after kids who haven't hit puberty yet.  Preds like them when they have hit puberty. Gross all around, I know!).  We as a society must stand up for our children and stop this nonsense.  I stand with Schlep, and Roblox is banned in my house.
Not much of a downfall, their stock bounced right back to almost its peak..
13:12  They are acting as vigilantes.  He conducted an investigation, thats a vigilante action.   Just because somelke does the exxtreme elements associated withba behavior, doesnt mean theyre not engaging in the behavior.
Yes the deserved downfall of Roblox I knew they supported pdfs
Everyone who watches this video NEEDS to go watch Schleps video to support him ❤️
In my opinion PDFs should get 3 Options: Voluntary therapy, only if they never went "active". Found with material, digital or otherwise is forced therapy and incarceration for life. Option 3 is for those who have actively engaged in ... activities, they get introduced to Mr. Guillotines famous invention. Organized enablers and providers of "services" or material get vivisection and recycling as shark fodder.
At this point, I am 1000% convinced that the higher-ups at Roblox did this because they're PDFs themselves.
I used to scam pedo as a kid. There's a lot worse places then Roblox  I'm surprised nobody is talking about kik getting finally getting removed from app store's that app was FULL of cp.
Let's not forget that this has happened BEFORE to a ytber called rubin sim
I’ve never liked Roblox, I remember when I was scrolling for Minecraft videos in like 2011 and would come across Roblox videos of people having in game relationships and being intimate… That’s when I knew that Roblox was effing weird, still haven’t played to this day
Ai slop thumbnail bro literally why just use his avatar
99% sure Roblox is doing this so that Schlep can't accidentally get their entire board of directors fired.
9:22  Yeah, that's called simulated action.   Thats literally what's that is called.   The "right outlets" are the methods being used.   Arrests are accusations, not convictions   A company doesn't make actions based off of accusations with little evidence.  Simulated conversations is little evidence.
Yeah no their ceo and executives look like preds so why would they ban something they do themselves... probably looking at the chat logs and getting of from it
Down with roblox!!!
AI thumbnail :/
Roblox you gotta be scared if you make Chris Hansen come out retirement 😂😂
The high ups of Roblox shown in this video all look like they diddle kids. Check all of their hard drives.
17:57 trust me the whole community too
A lot of predators offed themselves because of Hansen busting them. We can only hope it happens again
I really know that you mean good, but was the AI thumbnail necessary?🥀
i am so glad the only online game i played growing up was animal jam. i still do from time to time because it's a casually fun game i genuinely enjoy. i thankfully never experienced anything like what's happening on roblox, but i knew how to play safely since i started around 10 or 11 years old i believe
Roblox: Preds together strong  Chris Hansen: Time to come out of retirement.
As a long-time Roblox user, I am disgusted by the devs and CEO's actions. It makes me hate that I played and enjoyed some of their games, I won't buy Robux or anything off their site again.
This is just what happens when you live in a society where “The free market” is permitted to run wild. Corporations rise to dominance, profits become the sole motivation, and anything threatening those profits can’t be tolerated. Kids being diddled? Profits are more important to these people.
7:34 It's not relevant at this time stamp but I didn't want t to forget. However, why is shleps little depressing back stroy relevant? Like yeah it's roblox related buy I'm here for this topic and issue specifically
I can’t with the AI thumbnail
SHOUTOUT TO JIDION FOR DOING THE GROUND WORK
1:59 was a jumpscare fr
ai thumbnail.. sad face...
Them protecting preds is against their TOS and yet they still do it
We need to check the hard drives of every executive at Roblox I think it's them in disguise and don't wanna be caught soon after so they are trying to ban schlep
That CSO looks like he’d be caught on Roblox being a PDF
we using ai slop for thumbnails now
You know it's bad if internetAnarchist moist critical and all roblox youtubers are talking about it
Roblox should be shut down immediately.
And your CSO need subpoena, that predator move in flocks That name gotta be registered and placed on neighborhood watch
Yayyy I have been waiting on your coverage of this. I have been eagerly awaiting your coverage on this thank you so much.
Sick exploitation from the company. The company must be purged.
The Chief Safety Officer looks straight out of Aphex Twin's Come To Daddy music video
I've been playing roblox for years, this decision roblox (ehem david) made is just absolutely stupid, things went downhill the moment the company went public and started the whole roblox stock bs, they're basically prioritizing money over the platform at this point
If you looked at the Roblox people it is clear why they support the wrong side
Man, I remember first playing Roblox in like 2008-2010 back when I was in middle school so originally it was nostalgic whenever I still hear of it or people playing it. But after knowing what's currently going on with the game I would agree with it being shutdown and the executives need to do better and should be investigated themselves if they're not already. Great video btw, thanks for keeping us updated.
Okay schlep looks like logic
Wtf is this AI thumbnail bro
whats w this rise in cartoonishly censoring words ... just say pedophiles .. youtube isnt gonna shoot you for it
Check the chief of safety's hard drives
this is a serious problem. dont use ai for your thumbnail.
In Schlep's video featuring Chris Hansen, it was such a notable thing for Chris to tell Schlep that if he were CEO of Roblox, he'd make Schlep Ambassador for Security for the platform. That compared to how the Roblox Corporation are treating Schlep speaks volumes.
Honestly the most fked up situation ever
Why does the Roblox leadership team just look inherently evil?
Im not hating but is the thumbnail AI?
1:48 i have to say that mosiac is THE WORST METHOD of censoring media, just use a red/black box, its that easy m8
I love that you show your face in this video (that is so important) so I can't stop reading comments saying that you're an AI and not a real person 😅
What about grow a garden and naval warfare?
fun fact: you cant really blame the CEO for the whole thing, roblox security is actually not fully controlled by david, its controlled by matt coffman, he also planned why its good to date in roblox to say "off platforms are unfiltered". ngl bro just fire them both
The Roblox issue is easy. Its Predators protecting Predators.  My money is on the fact that someone high up is a pedophile.
Their biggest whales are kid diddlers. ofc they gonna defend them, because its their main source of cash
roblox's downfall started to happen in 2021 when it went public
The head of security sounds like he's an Ai
Clippy would never
Corps: we’re okay with you being abused as long as we make a few bucks off of your suffering. It’s okay, we don’t mind.
17:53 I gotta say, with this statement, it’s fair to not blame the parents for not regulating what their children are doing. The game is intended to be “safe for children.” With that alone I don’t blame parents for being ignorant about what’s going on in that game.
I think they targeted schlep, becouse they thought that he was an easy target and ban with letter would save their face for a while. Too bad, you cannot hide internet exists
It's like the Roblox folks have never watched an episode of To Catch a Predator. Seems to me that Schlep was using their model because: a) it's not vigilantism because cops are involved, b) the decoy avoid entrapment and only poses as somebody underage and let the PDF do their thing and c) it's tried and tested and has taken these people down in a legitimate way.   And he gave Roblox all the information they needed to act on it themselves but refused to. Given the CEO wants to make Roblox into a dating app too with everything else on top, it kinda feels intentional and maybe the police need to get a warrant for their hard drives.
Isn't the video a little premature? Roblox isn't going anywhere
1:52 it was ai
Damn, even their CEO looks like he touches kids
12:09 cant believe good people still exist this is so good hopefully roblox closes down
sad the player numbers actually had a spike ffs
we understand that roblox has a scandal about some preds, but i never thought they had the balls to threaten someone helping them.
Roblox sending a cease & desist letter to schlep is essentially the same as them sending one to the police department themselves.
Did you just call Chris Hansen a grifter? Bro.....
Just me or does bro is looking a lot slimmer and good overall?
Might be an idea to check the CEO and CSO's hard drives.   So glad my son has no interest in Roblox.
They actively cater their platform pdf’s they’ve known about these issues for years and haven’t done anything until mass media shined a light on their despicable practices. These people should not be on zoom calls. They need to be in prison.
5:40 this is just sad man what a world
The only ones who protect predators are other predators. Roblox needs to be taken offline. The fact that so many have been caught via the game, and the dozens upon dozens of more that haven't been, is the reason I've never let my kids play the game.
law by Mike and Chris hansen, roblox is cooked fr fr
Keep making shit worthless videos about other ppl, when are you going to critique your own flaws. Who’s the internetanarchist other than someone who’s hyper focused and chronically online on par with para social behavior with how much time you spend research a topic on someone and something all while throwing shade at the expense of other’s lives simply for an income that’s entirely based off moral performance. No one watches your shit for education because it’s pure entertainment especially when it takes you a month after it’s already happen just to drop a video.
Meanwhile Roblox just set a record for most live players on a gaming platform...47 million.
Instead of sacrificing a few lambs & banning them, they now have a whole state & Chris fcking Hanses on their ass!
You look like old pryocinical but with a way better jawline
I mean Roblox is keeping their platform safe for predators
You know it’s serious when Chris Hansen helps schlep…
i'm still pretty sure your talking heads are AI generated
when even the absolutely legendary Chris Hansen comes out of retirement to tell you to take a seat you done screwed yourself royally. Dude's a beast at his job.
So we're making AI thumbnails alright
Only in the United States of Retardia.
I agree with this whole thing, but you didn't need to use the AI schlep picture in the thumbnail.
Wow, never thought of how this controversy got that widely spread...
CSO gives off major sexual predator vibes
Dude 😂 even the robloxs ceo and staff look like PDFs.
We protect what we believe in.. just saying
I know Roblox deserves this, but can you not use AI?
Fucking ai slop
The fact that they banned schlep and follow the lawsuit against him shows that these people need to be in prison and not on zoom calls
Ohhhh this is beautiful. I have no other word to describe that. Truly magnificent.
CEO of Roblox, David Baszucki is a pedophile.  Reasoning: CEO sounds like a pedophile, acts like a pedophile and walks like a pedophile. He protects pedophiles and even actively encourages activities done by pedophiles in his statements during the whole ordeal. (Nothing less than endorsement to pedophilia can be read out from his actions).   And i'm not even in America.
I find it hilarious that the person they went after has the username “Schlep” like if you told someone this story for the first time Schlep just sounds like you’re saying Roblox targeted a random person.
The amount of coverage this is getting is both inspiring becauase Schlep is a more up and coming pred catcher, Jidion was encouraging him to go on his first irl solo catch before this. And also the lack of accountability on Roblox and the higher ups in the government and media. The lack of crackdown on this and scenarios related is worrying
Needs to be shut down my 9 and 12 year old know everything about prawn thanks to roblox... You can make 15 second clips in this one game and people go on there and just make prawn with blocks.
It's great that huge corporations are finally being called out, and even better how Law by Mike is getting involved.
Get a new title format, the titles are starting to become overused and it is becoming saturated. Also the situation is not over yet.
at 12:25, that's actually incorrect. They did do stuff with Meep City, but they didn't ban any of the inappropriate games. They UNLISTED them. They won't show up in searches but are still available to find and play. They're so bloody trash at their jobs it's unbelievable, about time the whole world got to see what Roblox is like without them being able to pull the automated "We take security very seriously."
Yay, no more Roblox pfps (no offence)🤞
It’s been said many times before, but that CEO is definitely a PDF file
So basically Roblox is a hunting ground of the worst kind foundlded and funded by probably one of them  ... Is not even remotedly funny to make a sarcastic remark
Who owns roblox?  Why wouldn't I be surprised if the company turned out to be based out of China.
No good deed goes unpunished. Fuck RB in the biggest way for letting this continue for over a decade. People cry “save the children” and think the internet is this bright place where children can roam free like digital Latchkey kids. NO the internet is a gaping deep abyss like the Marianas Trench. Dark uncaring and cruel. That’s why people like Schelp are so important, just a man doing the right thing.
matt kaufman is a pedo too he played condo games
Do anyone know where hit the response video by Roblox is made by AI
Ok but let's be honest. Is anyone surprised like at all?
Executive leadership of roblox need to send to jail for enabling this.
The new name for that game is P.D.blox as all you hear is Roblox and PD in the same sentence
It sounds like the guy is saying PDF files, but he is really saying pedophile. 😂
It's official, Schlep is the successor of Chris Hansen
EPSTEIN ISLAND GAME ISNT BAD ITS FUNNY
Habbo hotel all over again
First Ruben Sim got banned now Schlep Man
Please dont call it pdf file man
Yess!! i been waiting for ages for this video!!
bro you are delusional their stock already recovered
Been on Roblox since 2010, back when I was 11. Honestly it was a better time back then, now, owning large military groups and the like, I've had to deal with such paedophiles in my discord servers through intelligence sectors of my groups, it's annoying to deal with and it's disgusting, and I tackle these individuals with extreme prejudice.  I have a three year old niece, I would not allow her to play this until she's much older, and if anyone ever tried to groom her, I'd ensure that they are also found and arrested. At this point Roblox might as well just gear itself towards adults only.
W Chris Hansen
13:02 "this doesnt make any sense"  >yes it does look at the cso he looks like a pdf file >Physiognomy doesnt lie
0:40 notice me already senpai, you fuk
I don't get this argument: he didn't file the report with the proper authority when he went to the police. Who is the "proper authority" then if not the police. The logical answer would've been: yes I did, go talk to the police, they're the proper authorities to investigate and punish CSA.
they are really gonna ban roblox all because of this its a dumb move
The Roblox apology was AI generated
If i would be a parrent i would ban roblox because they are shiedling PDF!
let roblox die
1:53 ummm... I'm not going to say it but we all thought it.
One thing to note is that the whole response video from the Roblox CEO and CSO is being accused for being fully AI generated.
now im not siding with roblox in any way but banning schlep was the only thing roblox could have done. He ebroke roblox tos. he misslead people off platform and doxxed the predators. Cease and desisst letter was too far tho
we KNOW you went all in on the editing 😭:🙏
Parents when they remember they have to do parent things: 🙄😒😬🤯
"Predator manage to kidnap kid and rape them and kill them"  Roblox: mimir  "Game dev making sex game without age restriction"  Roblox: who care  "Pevert pedo grooming on children"  Roblox: we love pedo  "Hero who managed to get pedo arrested"  Roblox: HOW DARE YOU!!
problaby there are some rich predators thats why there protected🙄
Nevah show yo face again gng 🥀💔
AINT NO WAY
Ofc a fun game gets ruined by shitty management, wonder where I've heard that before
If a company is going against common sense and every sane person on the platform to protect these kinds of people, it's most likely because they also have that kind of people in their company, most likely on positions higher than the average worker there that would create a big impact on the company if those people were actually punished for what they had done/are doing.
The CEO's electronics need to be checked. The way they refuse to deal with pdfs, I bet they got a lot of pdf material in there
I wouldn't be surprised if the Roblox CEO is a pedo too.
Can we take a moment to open our eyes? Roblox CEO wanted to turn the game into a dating platform..... A GAME WHERE MORE THAN HALF OF ITS USER ARE CHILDREN!   "But oh, he said it was for 17+, and what considered adult varies from one country to another"  Doesn't matter, half of your game user are still underage. If you can't provide peotection for most of your user, how can you ensure the one engaging in this 'dating activity' are adults? I heard many disturbing things on this game for years now, but hearing the schlep situation and that crazy CEO make me think that maybe, just maybe.... Roblox is actually run by a bunch of pdf files.....
All this over fking enabling pedos 😮
Good God, look at all those censorship. The world practically became an enormous snowflake, forcing people to do this just to survive in these platforms 😓
Chris Hansen: take a seat, Roblox. Roblox: *it was at this moment that he knew. He f*cked up*
The Roblox recovering
I hope my niece's mom sees this video, because my niece isn't allowed to play Minecraft, but she can play Roblox???  (The reasoning for not being able to play minecraft is "because you can kill animals" like srsly? Mind you, they eat meat - not vegan at all)
He didn't only expose and get pdfs arrested he exposed Roblox for being owned by pdfs. That's huge and he has saved millions of children. He needs to get the key to the city he lives in and a Noble peace prize!
Oh no…. Is there still hope left???
Roblox seriously f***ed up schlep is a kind person and Roblox banned him for protecting their platform
8:24 "According to them, Schlep's actions were somehow exposing their users to increased risk." We're thinking about the children. Roblox only thinks about the shareholders... and who know what other dark secrets they might have 🤦
dont forget: this same CEO wants make roblox into dating platform
is the thumbnail seriously ai..?
If anything, Schlep is behaving more like a bounty hunter(someone who helps law enforcement in catching these creeps) rather than a vigilante.
Roblox = Predators hunting ground.
So, in my honest opinion there's three possible reasons why Roblox is doing what they're doing. 1. They do not want any negative PR at all so they banned Schlep to try and avoid any possible big scandal only to run face first into the Streisand Effect. 2. The pdf's are big spenders on the platform and they'd rather have that cash flow instead of a safe environment. 3. Their senior staff have a or multiple pdf's in their ranks and they don't want their hunting ground to be endangered.
In Germany, they made Roblox 16+ on all platforms, witch makes it basically imposible to be installed for everyone who has parental controll.
At least my dad does not own doblox
how much are you willing to bet the people managing roblox are complicit to whatever hideous PDF actions are going on?  cause this level of self-destructive stupidity MUST be fueled by some serious skeletons in the closet
how about you take a sit, roblox
They also allowed Alex Newtron on their platform for a while, and most of his playerbase were pdfs. As soon as they removed custom bios and avatars, meepcity's player count nose dived
It makes me sick that one of the main reasons these predators are allowed to stay is because "Player numbers makes the investors happy" it completely disregards ALL aspects of child safety in turn for profits.  I feel like we STILL dont understand just how bad this situation is, when Meep City (A game known for predator housing) got updated to remove custom avatars and other aspects predators use to groom minors, the playerbase dropped EIGHTY PERCENT! There were more predators on the game than there were children!
You forgot to mention something important Anarchist. A lot of countries are now banning Roblox/ asking them for a better moderation for the game. It’s not going good for Roblox rn, well deserved.
Even the SunnyV2 copies are making videos on ts ❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
10:25 well the CEO is Jewish so why are we surprised
The sign were already there
“Just as dangerous as the pedos” yet roblox bans the catchers and not the source of the problem lol.
what do you even expect to roblox when their own chief safety officer looks like it would molest little kids
DAYUM
I honestly think the CEO of Roblox should have their hardrives checked if they are going this hard to defend predators on their platform
Lets not forget that the CEO of Roblox is a jew
Glad schlep got banned and hope it stays that way! Bro was NOT batman nor any type of law enforcement to deal with preds let the multi billion dollar company do it and it be offical!!
Ok lets start calling pdfs no longerger pdfs but now we call them robloxians :D
Roblox: grooming=money Shlep: WTF
Roblox just repeating the 1984 history itself... That is worse and they even tried to cover with an slop Ai interview...
dude at 13:00 has pedo face
And the funny part is that their own lax moderation is going to provide law enforcement and other people with mountains of evidence.
Roblox: *Bans Schlep for getting Predators arrested* Chris Hansen: Have a seat Roblox: *Trying to find a loophole out of this*
I genuinely hope other Games like Minecraft dont get to this point too....TvT.....  If roblox can topple down like this?.......   Whos to say it wont happen to the other games... 😓
This is why we lose our freedom a little more each day, PDF are everywhere and you can not be arrogant enough to think a entity such as Roblox to govern that sort of stuff, And when they do we all cry "They stealing our information". The problem is not the Roblox, The problem start at home with the enslaved to society parents that are to dam distracted with work and bills to home educate their children about culture and honor, They expect them(Roblox) to be the police? Can you see the problem we create for our selves? Roblox is a reflection of our current state of our heavily over exploited society, We fix that first and Roblox issue become a non issue. I pray for the asteroids each day.
I have been saying that this is happening forever and I've always been an adult looking in from the outside. I am 30 and have never had interest in most online games, I have a daughter thats thats been old enough to want to engage with it. When she asked me years ago I just looked at it a little and saw that you could chat unfiltered, and that there were tons of user created games that I just had a bad feeling about it. And as my daughter grew older she would ask me from time to time about it and I would once again do some research into it before I gave her an answer. Each time my research seemed to bring up worse and worse results. So almost two years ago at this point I just said straight up that we are a "non roblox household" and that was that. I have been not nessecarily telling her about the whole sexual assault part of all this, I don't think she needs to know about that kind of evil yet, but I have let her in on all this with people acting like kids that aren't, and kids getting kidnapped and she is not interested in it anymore. Just have to be an actual parent and not just throw your kid off on whatever is convenient.
We should normalize calling the Roblox CEO, David Bukkake.
I may be a roblox player, but i am on schlep's side here
Apart from the good report about this issue, the degradation of terms really annoys me.. as a victim of a pedophile myself, I feel rather insulted by the usage of those nonsensical replacements of serious terms. I am aware that the platform rules excludes some terms from being used but those replacements narrow the weight and seriousness of those issues in my opinion. It's sad that this replacement "disease" spreads like a pandemic through all platforms. I'm simply not a victim of a file format but of a pedophile. Thanks for understanding my rant about this issue.
David & the Goliath in a nutshell.
Of course Roblox banned him for outing pedophiles, they're run by pedophiles! Hell, you look at David Baszucki and tell me he doesn't look like he diddles kids.
Time to buy Epic Games shares? I mean, the player count in Fortnite is about to quadruple if Roblox goes down :D
the three in that video need to personally get investgated their either pdf themselves or being paid off by them
Why ai
how much money can be made in arbitration, who knows?
please stop using tiktok babysitter language. nobody takes "pDf FiLeS" seriously
Could you do the Satisfying Downfall of David Zaslav next
The Boeing of game platform-Roblox
Glad to see the "x % of you aren't subscribed" hasn't died out
I salute to schlep and seeing this injustice disgusts me, we need to banish these pigs
That response video roblox made about vigilante groups was apparently AI generated due to things that look like render issues things like the 3rd person's hand turning from a normal 5 fingered hand into a 3 figure claw
I'm in the UK and I sent Schlep's original video to my MP along with People Make Games's second video about Roblox (which mentions the Sonic Eclipse situation as well as the marketplace).
holy fucking shit stop using that retarded monotonous hobo in your videos
Going to make sure to watch now before Roblox decide it’s a good idea to repeat the same with a cease and desist. 🫠
"PDF files" so that's where we at about the censoring right now.
Fact that law by mike is gonna be his lawyer
I just wanna say As much as Roblox has lost around 12 billion, they're still a gigacorporation, with an economic system that makes Epic's cries about steam's taxes look like child play. Their stock price has taken no more than a scratch, and since has partially healed. I wish as much as the next guy for Roblox to take the L, dismiss all the CEOs and change their whole plan, but we'd need like 2 or 3 stunts like this consecutively for anything to change
16:16 did this POS seriously call Chris Handson a "grifter"? Are you serious?
If any other YouTuber sees this, don't stop. Upload videos. Milk it till its dry. Roblox are going to start pretending this isn't a problem until the internet forgets. They don't deserve that luxury. They need to keep losing money until they cave in and do as we tell them. Corporations and big companies don't deserve any sort of forgiveness. They have an entire department dedicated to "protecting" the users and they still chose to save the pedophiles. They had their chance to have a "What the actual fuck are we doing right now??" moment and they still chose to double down on supporting their pedo CEO - David Pedozucki. At this point, they deserve to lose all their money.
You should have a translation team for videos like these so theres more reach and more people can be aware of robloxs shady behavior and keep their kids and love ones off the game.
Dude the safety officer looks and sounds just like a PDF file!!!! That guy gives me serious creeps
David bazucks is a predator
Im 18, my opinion of this game, your playing a game thats a jack of all trades and extra stuff that god knows why exist, what i mean by jack of all trades is that roblox doesnt specialize in that area of gaming for example, COD or Forza the games are specialized to their fields, why you playing a game that isnt created specifically around that field. Thank God I never played this game, its such a nonsensical platform anyway, god knows why people even liked roblox in the first place. Just the body disfigurement animation when the character dies is a red flag enough to not play this game.
When internet anarchist speaks, it’s all done for
You should have looked into the shares of Roblox before saying they lost money... People upped their shares to 125 dollars again...
Thing is, even if there's a new ceo, it'd take a long time and a lot of money to change the image of the game. What's happened with Schlep has permanently damaged the branding
is that a AI thumbnail i see?
😮
I think they should investigate the higher ups of roblox, seems like they are defending it to much, the chief really gives me the creeps
Not that I agree with it at all, it's all very wrong. But that dad saying he was surprised his kids were playing things like that confuses me. Sit down with your kids and play the game once in a while. Show interest in what they are doing. Or even do 1 minute research into the game. I have heard horrible things about the game years ago. Letting a kid play an online game unsupervised in this world is madness to me.
Looking sexy IA love the hair G love the consistency ❤
Roblox protect the predator because the employe its the real Predator
And now they broke all time player count and their stock is back up. Unless a big lawsuit comes this is not hurting them
Is it just me that thinks the thumbnail art for schlep looks ai </3
Man may the PDF file king fall!
Roblox needs to learn the difference between a vigilante and a private investigator
im so glad i quit roblox 2 yrs ago when i was 11 it was such a waste of 6 yrs of my time when i played it and 6 yr old me was like roblox is bad but i played it anyways and guess what 2 yrs later it was right all along
the thing that hurts me is that Roblox was a game i use to play as a kid and all i can express is Dissappointment as a teenager i am disgusted because Roblox is a platform children use and it's honestly disgusting how ignorant they are
🎉
I hate the style even more. If I didn't know what you are talking about, I would question your sanity. How the hell can PDF files be dangerous? There are computer files. It sound too ridicules , change this style to be more open and not so childish. Either censor it or say it as it is. Don't let YouTube dictate the style of speech.
About time bro
We *seriously* need to bring back crucifixions...
I swear it’s Summt1g reading Schleps parts
Roblox is an app defending pred4tors. If you're using it you're defending them!
God damn I did not know schlept pulled out the HUGE guns.. RB bout to get banned around the entire world and wiped off every AppStore.. Schelpt needs to get unbanned and RB needs to start doing things on their platform rather then sleeping on the job  PDFiles has no place and RB helping them do their things is also against the law.. I hope and pray for Roblox downfall so badly
i knew roblox was going to be bad when they changed from red to blue
Robolox... The owner is Ped.... themselves...
The UK is Roblox IRL.
Honestly. If you watch the company video. The CSO does look like a PDF himself. So makes sense he wouldn't like 'vigilantes'
It's fairly obvious why they are protecting PDFs. They are PDFs.
You're missing the fact their stocks just skyrocketed
Why does bro look like Logic's twin?😂 (schlep)
12:50 , u cannot tell me that that is not fucking AI ...
I'm 31 and I still remember the elementary school assemblies I had to go to about stranger danger and making sure to stay vigilant for predators and such. Remembering that so distinctly while watching an auditorium of kids raise their hands when asked if they'd been targeted by predators online....is nothing short of haunting.
Makes me wonder if Roblox is a giant pdf ring. Actually would not surprise me in todays world.
Finally a video where the downfal is real ...
Oh yeah btw, MasterCard, PayPal and visa Hasn't even BAN Roblox. Double standards at it's finest.
Why the ai generated thumbnail? :(
Roblox is a pedo company and should be banned in every country.
This is after the Ruben Sim lawsuit, no? They did the same thing to him as well, way before Shlep.    Ps, I'm not attacking anyone. If you think that, what I'm trying to say is that Roblox tried to silence people before...
the editing in your vids is always top notch, you're easily one of my favorite youtubers at the moment!
This tittle didn’t age well nor make it look like it’s RB having the downfall as RB just hit the highest CCU of any game in the world
The CEO's an idiot, didn't even had a common sense. Ever since they added 17+ genre/age range games, I already know something is fishy
"Corn"... Just say porn ffs. Most cringe shit ever
hi
It's the fact that I had already gotten super weird vibes from Roblox from the get go when they had only just been launched. I was so concerned that I'd seen kids in my family play it. I was told that they were not online games, and that they couldn't interact with other people, but now that this has been reported, it really does make me quite concerned that they were exposed to this.
lol does Roblox think parents don’t watch YouTube?
To catch a CEO seems like a good title lol.
Can't get rid of the predators when the heads of roblox are predators its the only answer as to why they would protect pedos
Ok so let me get this straight: THE Chris Hansen is stepping in. INTERNET ANARCHIST has made a video on this, and LAWBYMIKE *could* be getting involved?! Yeah, I think it's safe to say it's over for Roblox Schlep has reality ITSELF on his side.
OH NAWWW ROBLOX IS COOKED.
I've never trusted or respected Roblox. It's for children and the people who prey on them.
lol he sounds like he’s saying pdf files.
Non-Subscribed squad! 🗣️
The US government probably only sued because they didn't think of it first 🤮
Roblox is 100% run by preds
Let us not forget that the CEO wants to turn the platform into a dating platform for children.
Can you change the thumbnail to have a actual model instead of AI I don't think it would be THAT difficult to not use ai
The CEOs all look like pdf files…
That CEO should be looked into... Mofo is a menace to society 😅
I mistakingly read the title as "The deserved downfall of schlep" 😂😂
VRchat is mace wrost...PDF are haker and hack kids pc
Hi @InternetAnarchist, I have been playing Roblox for 6 years now back when I was 8 I am 15 now and have become fully aware of the truth, I have been telling people that I know to stop playing Roblox as it is such a dangerous game, thank you for making this video.
Schlep just proves again that in business, there is no negative publicity. Did he got screwed over by the big corp? He probably earned more money this week alone on traction on his channel than he ever did from Roblox! Hell yeah Schlep!
wonder if YT takes this down… good video
Imagine going after innocent people instead of the ones that commit crimes and make the world a worst place. If you cant you're human, if you can justify this garbage you're just as bad as the predators.
Many of the cases to catch a predator got thrown out because of how they approached it. Apparently some of the decoys were steering the conversation towards sex which got the case is thrown out as entrapment.  What he did is great but you also have to make sure you're doing so legally.
Has people stop playing Roblox and stop buying Robox? It's the only language they understand.
What is with the AI thumbnail
Theyre gonna be fine dude.Roblox is still up, theyre still making making money.
There are 3 certainties in life. taxes, death and internet anarchist slipping in a charlie clip in every video
Roblox calling schlep a "vigilante" always reminded me of Jonah Jameson calling spiderman a vigilante for some reason
Never ingage in a war you cant win
12:53 ngl this Chief of safety looks like a pdf himself … he’s got that *^•~vibe~•^*
I genuinely believe that Roblox is run by a Pdf file ring.  The CEO chief amoung them.  Shutting down predator hunters while trying to push a dating scene in your children's game is such an insane self incrimination it's insane.
David gonna have 1000 reasons to resign
Good vid as always
i don't want roblox to shut down since i have games that i love on there but i cant accept the fact that roblox is defending these horrible people
The world leading Government's are lead by pdf files.  The world leading game developers are too.  What is going on.?
now all we're waiting for is a sunnyV2 post
ai thumbnails
does anything one think that none of this would've happened if Erik Cassel was still alive?
Roblox stock falling has made a LOT of people in the very near future rich beyond any of our wildest dreams
The whining about 76% not being subscribers doesn't seem to be working. Try rattling a tin can next time
I just ruins gameplay  Simple messages get censored and chatting in game has became a nightmare, half of the messages just get censored for even emojies 😢
It's really disappointing because I used to love Roblox as a child, and even now, I sometimes play it. There are some legitimately good games on there. It's just a shame the higher-ups are protecting pedos and have ruined their own reputation 🤦
You know it would be really par for the course if it turns out the Roblox execs were SA kids themselves
WE NEED CHEMICAL CASTRATION BACK
Just want you guys to know this is toilet content, you best to be pushing out a log whilst you watch.
It’s always the 🧃
I can’t comprehend young adults playing a child game
i was also groomed and i cant believe roblox is promoting this david baszucki is probably also a pred
the tippidy tip, is the whole world pdf or what the hell??, look at these ceo's
hey guys as im seeing this as a guy who plays roblox since who know when i would like to do something roblox cant recover from i say this but im unexpirienced i cant program i cant catch predators this good i am just a "nice" guys who wants to do something right i dont have any idea how to do it or what to do to completly overthrow robloxes behavior thats why im contacting all you that either know how or did something like this lets create a discord server on not just roblox but multiple platforms that predators use and lets make the world a better place lets get rid of theese vile creatures
yknow I couldnt put my finger on it before, but why tf the Roblox CSO look like a living version of that video of that comedian who turned Howie man-dell into a ventriloquist dummy?
2:20 AFTER ALL THESE YEARS, I FOUND GOOFBOOF...
Roblox just had online bigger than a whole steam combined record ever XD
That chief safety officer gives me the creeps.....
How much is Roblox making off of all their pred players? Why else defend them?
Remember folks, this is the same CEO who wanted to add dating into the game.
"Oh i already cashed in multiple millions on this child grooming and r*pe Plattform, NOW im Quittung hihi, im such a fine guy"
Sadly they just had their stock up again and broken the highest record of concurrent players, even further than Steam... Wtf is happening on this world
it didn't really destroy roblox where roblox even achieve a world record of number of player at the same time
hey man lookin good
The government has tried to make the average american hate one another through race so we dont realize its the rich vs everyone else. Time for a revolution.
Schlep just passed you in subscribers... (Schlep - 1.76M, Internet Anarchist - 1.73M) Good video btw.
Roblox CEO is on the list!
wow
the ceo looks like a pdf himself lol
Why are you calling Chris Hanson a grifter? Genuine good guy who has done more good than most.
So instead of thanking the guy for making their business safe for all users, they’d rather sue him and let the nonces free to do what they want… makes great sense… this is the world we live in ladies and gents
I bet roblox is loving the attention there receiving
“Minor setback” not a downfall at all and it’s so far fetched saying “ the game could potentially be done for good” just stupid and low iq
As a former child, I thank you for your service
The safety head looks more pedo than 99% of pedos.
roblox banning shlep is like the gotham police arresting batman
Is that an AI schelp avatar, ot not?
when Chris Haseon comes after you,, you are so beyond screwed,   next step is dog the bounty hunter  chasing ya down
is that a ai in the thumbnail lol
Now do one for Rachel Zegler's Downfall
imo the ceo of roblox looks kinda like a pdf
Money is the root of all evil
tl;dr roblox filed a cease and desist against schlep and people are boycotting the platform like leaving the creator program and roblox is losing billions in stock
Why did you use ai for your thumbnail?
even the ceo of roblox look like a fucking predator.. im sure HE fucking like kids i can bet everyting i have he does
Keep in mind that Snapchat, Facebook, and Instagram provide hundreds of thousands, if not millions reports to NCMEC annually, and Roblox only provides around 25,000.
That CEO is 100% a PDF File.
The funny thing is both visa and master card still support roblox, so much for product risk, I guess....
dude your hair fucks
yooo i have the same t shirt that ur wearing
I’ve been a moderator for a chat site for over 3 years and the amount of minors 13-16 that offer to sell content for Robux is insane. Probably close to a dozen a day that I personally see. If we see anyone respond in chat we ban and report them taking screenshots as evidence but in all my time maybe 10% actually had any kind of action taken against them. As bad as Roblox is there is still kids out there who are willing to do about anything for virtual currency.
You also do a video on how israhellis protects their PDF files. The recent one that happened in Vegas is absolutely disgusting and US just allowed the guy to walk freely and fly safely back to israhell.
As someone who played Roblox when I was 11, this game has literally become worse and worse after Erik Cassel died that made me wanna quit long before this shit exploded and I was getting bored with it.  If they could let this shit slide, then Roblox should be thrown out of the wood chipper. Good riddance.
That CEO is creepy. I don't want to accuse anyone,  but if someone is doing this and beyond, that means that they are in this some shape or form....
So in 6 minutes, what im getting from this and i never played this game so dont know much outside of a game kids play  is the game is made by predators to lure kids into sexual things am i understanding this clearly because i hate to say but really who is surprised by this in the slightest cause im sure as shit aint a game aimed for kids but adults play it and no one saw any of this coming at all really ?
Preds protecting preds...
1.  This is a lil late but Jesus is Roblox full of the most disgusting pedos ever that the FBI should storm & arrest their HQ which probably have children trapped in their basement of the HQ  2. Just my opinion use dark mode it’s better for your eyes & sorry if this is out of context
First Chris Hansen, then Law by Mike, now you?? Absolutely W 🎉🎉
I think you really want to look and sound like a grown up and you cope by talking slow and deep.  There is no way you talk like this to other humans.
Roblox be like "fuck dem kids, but like, literally".
That scum CEO looks absolutely like the very creeps I was warned about scumming around bathrooms when I was a child. Hope his movie is comsumed by huge lawsuits that are truly deserved. Since they don't care about kids, but profit.  Buh bye...
The chief security officer, seen here at 12:49, looks like a cryptid that crawled out of a lagoon somewhere and tried to reverse engineer a human appearance from a wanted poster. Dude has medieval shackles in his basement. Hell, if you tear up the concrete under his house you'll find the bones of children. Make sure he doesn't have pigs.
Chris Hansen would sell his own family for attention, no wonder he dives into this....
Bro, you're late to the party
Watch tpot 1 near the ending
The CEO looks like one too
Don't forget that Qatar, China, Turkey, Guatemala, and Jordan currently. Indonesia is going to be banning it in a month if they don't fix the problems and public image they have currently too.
Yeh bro I think it's an insane downfall of Roblox
I dont have kids, but man, I wish those monsters nothing but the worse!!! I hope they all get castrated to not reproduce and shoot out more child molestors, and i hope they are being sent faaaaaar away from us. Like antarctica or something like that. And don’t give them food, or water, just forget about them just as roblox forgot about the millions of children on their platform. I would start with the CEOs honestly.
I never played Roblox. After this, I'm glad I never did!
That dad is a fucking legend
This all started just after my birthday… what a wonderful gift
Time to check the chat logs of Roblox management.
the safety officer sounded like someone who was caught trying to meet a child and thought the sting was wrong
It's all about the kids. Just never their protection.
The board are pedophiles.  The executive leadership are pedophiles.  At this point they are obvious predators themselves.
24fps lmao.
Conspiracy theory: Roblox somehow getting money from pretadors
The CSO looks like a PDF to me hon
you know they're cooked when internet anarchist gets involved
I quess Roblox is done. Hard to recover from this
Dude, it has been several years. I have seen at least one channel censor the word "Rude". Don't worry about the algorithm
Your consistently great content aside, you look incredible these days - apparently glowing with good health.
Even internet anarchist is talking about this 😮
What I'm confused about is WHY roblox is protecting PDFs? What could they possibly have to gain from this???
Im gonna be so real I feel Roblox can’t do anything at this point they have gone too deep with there bs and honestly in my opinion world governments should just start shutting the game down completely just wipe Roblox off the grid and ban it worldwide problem solved then investigate the CEO and probably arrest him cause bro is probably a predator too
Roblox  itself is not the problem. All of these problems are VERY easy to resolve. The CEO IS THE PROBLEM. Im not a roblox player but I even as a 25 year old adult, I enjoy playing the game occasionally... mainly the first person shooter Combat Arena and the MMORPG World Zero whenever I got tired getting queued to cheaters in the games I am playing outside roblox. Im only ever playing those roblox games because the indie devs (not the Roblox team) put more effort into their anti cheat system compared to CS2 and other games I usually play outside Roblox.
Sadly that's click bait title... There is no downfall happening to roblox they actually hit their peak player count this past week even after this controversy. It sucks too 'cuz they definitely deserve a downfall.
The fact parents still let their kids play Roblox knowing it’s riddled with pdf’s
that chief safety officer looks super sketchy
free schlep
Protecting the predators instead of the people they prey on is gonna cost them more, the higher ups were so worried that their investors would the game as unsafe so they did nothing. Whereas they could have done something to those people who prey on the young without any investors knowing, instead of doing nothing.
I swear im the only parent that has straight up deleted roblox.
Roblox CEO deserve jail for that.
The parents not knowing is the main issue here. I remember telling my cousin not to let her kids play roblox like 10 years ago because of all the hacker groups, etc, expoiting kids on it. You look at any of these degen terminally online hackers that end up getting arrested and the majority of them started on Minecraft or roblox.
Seeing face cam being processed by AI is uncanny valley for me. Interesting topic, but this one is the video I'm unable to finish watching. Please consider simply not putting in your face instead of this.
Suing someone because they're... Protecting kids from nonces.  Why do I have a disturbing feeling of deja vu?
I had to uninstall Roblox because of the what Roblox did
Ai slop
But also adults need to just not play kids games
PDF files? Just say “pedophile” like holy man.
Another downfall list from internet anarchist there been plenty of time he said something was have a downfall and nothing happen it was still going strong for years after
14:03 “they would go and create accounts” AHHHH I SEEE! So instead of “using fake” accounts to catch the PDF. what? Would you rather they use REAL ones WITH REAL KIDS to catch them!!?!?!  IM SORRY WHAT! Does no one hear how F-ing messed up that is!!?
Honestly sounds like the CEO and others that work for Roblox are pedos and don't want to get caught by shlep... I mean the CEO and even the dude talking about the communities look like child diddlers.
I know it's avoiding dumb AIs, but hearing 'pdf files" made me cringe and it kinda makes the serious issue sound silly.  I don't blame you, just pointing out how this censorship basically damages the seriousness of the topic.
Hearing Chris Hansens voice of support behind this was morale boosting. LETS GOOO!
Ai slop thumbnail.
I'm convinced that the devs themselves are predators. They are trying to protect their own and cultivate a space that they and others can predate children.
If Roblox allegations have the same thing on YouTube........then this years getting ridiculously badly years forever
Even the response video with the CEO, CSO and the other is AI generated. Roblox, shut down NOW.
i bet CEO of roblox is gromming chid in the game, thats why they are protecting the pedofiles.
Roblox is created and developed by PDFs for PDFs. I don't see how people don't see it.
Why is it that the Roblox CEO looks so.. off? Not even talking their insane comments, but his looks gives me early 00's animation..
To my understanding of this video, Roblox CEO fully handled the responsibility to the chief security officer, however the chief security officer had failed and the CEO had been dragged into the deep waters with him. The person should be fired is the security chief officer, and the CEO
Roblox is in the epstein files 😂
Even though all this crap is going on roblox player count has stayed the same...
downfall of roblox is hilarious as it's the biggest game by far
HOW DOES A GAME MESS UP SO BAD THEY GET SUED BY AN ENTIRE US STATE
Idk why but CEO and the rest of the people on that call gave me the creeps I wouldn't be surprised if they weren't preds themselves.
12:59 get a load of this guy, they look exactly how I’d thought
Let’s get LegalEagle involved in this🙂
There is no way Roblox has any fans left aside from themselves
didn't the CEO of Roblox also wanted to add... dating games... to Roblox...?  edit: i commented too early until i found my answer towards the end of the video
FREE SCHLEP!!
Me:"they say they banned predators and it's been 15 secs without one so I think I'm sa- " Some goofy ahh guy: "hey bbg wanna satisfy me with you big thighs? " Me:"ROBLOX WTH YOU SAID YOU DELETED THEM AHHH"
Wow. That guy is unemployed forever
The countries that banned Roblox early on did the right thing turkey for example
technicaly schlep was a vigilante but we know why. and we likely know that the robolox top execs know that as well.
Dude I can't get over how the roblox staff in the video clips, sound like their voices are ai
At this point sunnyv2 has to come back to talk about this
YES... GET 'EM. And then have a 2nd channel that actually GET 'EM!!!!!
Bro, I’m still waiting for that video where Sneako schooled Charlie in a debate and Charlie went into hiding. Come on man, stop being biased.. lol
Bro, you looking lean good on you.  Great job.
All the ceo, cso and other o's of roblox looks like pdf files themselves.
Holy crap. Ro-bucks
I think the top people in charge of Roblox need to be investigated. The lack of action to protect children and create a playground for predators is damning.  Edit: OMFG the CEO wanted to add dating to a platform that half its user base was kids?! Ew-ew-ew! Investigate him first, please!
Why is schlep AI generated
Dudes, I got a robot message from "Sclep" YESTERDAY
Anyone who let their children use Roblox is an idiot who hates their children. There have been so many stories over the years about predators on Roblox, how could you not know?
Roblox tried to blend social media and gaming.... for children
I’m getting my nephew off Roblox today!!! I had no idea there were weirdos on that platform. I’m an ignorant adult, I just thought Roblox was an innocent kids’ game.
They call these guys vigilantes. Hilarious. Roblox not fooling anyone.
I can't believe a game I played for 11 years is gonna go down cause they decided to make a stupid mistake and quintuple down on it
I think they are review botting cause they are still 4.4 in Google app store
Roblox aren't out of touch they knowingly defend pedophiles because they either make their money defending and facilitating pedophiles and/or they are themselves pedophiles.
Roblox's moto is literally "Powering Imagination", yet they used AI for report system. No wonder why schlep had to do it in real life because roblox never see schlep reports, it also piss me off the fact roblox banned schlep for catching predators yet they failed to do it themself.
The level of editing in your videos is amazing, all smooth and nice to watch, apart from the good content, keep the good work.
In USA companies are independent legal entities and the CEO et al are legally obligated to do everything to protect shareholders.
I’ve been wondering when this guy was gonna spawn in
I think it a is a miracle the CSO wasn't caught up in a "vigilante" sting. His face screams PDF, not to mention the past games he has played.
i would kick the owners ass cuz he Ruined roblox compleately
The CEO is seemingly knowingly and unapologetically trying to make as much money off the predators of Roblox as possible. This could equate to actual sex trafficking transactions. It’s despicable.
Roblox too cowardly to go after my australian online safety organisation's, but they'll go after a 22 year old dude.   Logic
It pains me to see Roblox in a state like this. Roblox was my childhood growing up and now it’s burying itself 6 feet under.
Notice how all this drama started in august.. 😭 MY BIRTHDAYS TOMORROW PLEASE LETS HOPE SCHLEP GETS UNBANNED!!!!
You have to question if well.. the creators behind the game are somehow related to what is happening if you know what i mean... Why else do what they do!?
I hate that you can't say pedophile.
Intro was way too long bro. Just get to the point
Did you call Hanson a grifter? 😂
Roblox's CEO looks like an 🥚
i grew up playing roblox. and i dont wanna touch the game anymore bro this is full sad
Roblox cares more about hiding the fact that their are pdfs on the game then actually catching them makes you wonder what the bosses of roblox have done themselves
12:36 Just Look at them Long nosed demons disgusting ESP the Second Dude  Americas rich Elite are all a pedo Anti Christian sect
I think this was the first YT pred'hunter that I had no concerns about.  I hope he gets the victories he sorely deserves.
So they rather lose billions than give up preds? Crazy
Considering the history of ignoring reports of inappropriate content and actions, all of the executives and the board of Roblox need to face charges for Child Endangerment.
The people working for roblox are incompetent and enablers. They should be held accountable.
well it's obvious that higher ups in roblox are pdf files simple as that
roblox should be off from internet entirely
You know it's bad if InternetAnarchist covers a roblox situation 😭
The safety director and the ceo both look like chomos
18:23 imagine if Pokémon games, RuneScape, neopets, Fortnite, call of duty co-op, etc had fkn bathroom sex simulators. What the actual Fk.
Have you noticed the video is AI generetad that david bazsuki created? 😢
1:22 It's over Roblex but before so please.TAKE A SEAT!!
I what to stop l was g#### on Roblox too
Roblox's "community" are PDFs'
CEO David is sus af
Schlee frep
Trust me this wont roblox is to big eith to many people on there unaware of this controversy
12:46 something tells me these people are scared of being found out as predators. Or at the very least, they want to protect predators.   Giving Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher.
I hope the fbi gets involved with this entire situation. They need to raid the Roblox hq
Haha. Now do H3
Banning  someone for calling the police...
Ai generated thumbnail
16:17 is a grifter a scammer? chris hansen a scammer? i did not know this
i watched the video from Schlep with Chris and in that video Chris says Roblox should have made Schlep ambassador and let him guide a team that is tasked catching these predators this would have been such a great plan but Roblox instead sues the kid
The more I learn about this, the more I put my beliefs in the CEO being a PDF and having made Roblox for other PDFs to be safe...
No offense to any normal people but can we please go back to saying victims instead of survivors? Femenists have taken the sting out of the word and it's just another ist or ism these days.
When they started banning anything Shlep related in the games within hours of them being uploaded, they proved that they can moderate if they really wanted to. Roblox is just protecting the predators that happen to be a major source of income for them.
Did he call Chris Hansen a grifter?
I still say Roblox's "Chief Safety Officer" looks like a predator himself 🤷‍♂️
Not the game, the leadership.
“Escape TO Epstein island” is INSANE!!!! What are you escaping FROM for that to be your destination?!? 😭😭😭
"The party told you to disregard the evidence of your eyes and ears" Is what roblox wants you to do
so when is the revolution??
Holy sh*t Internet Anarchist is involved?? Schlep got the universe on his side...
imma keep it a brick, the chief of safety for roblox kinda looks like he hops on to chat up players from time to time.
15:42 !!!!!!!
Chris Hansen is a Grifter? I've only ever heard "Grifter" in a negative context but would you care to explain a little more on Chris Hansen being a grifter?
1:53 holy hell this is the main dude!? No wonder Hansen wants a piece
Holy poop....I'm not gon buy pack on the game cause it's gone close what a waste....I've invested lots of time and money on that game.... And this   PEDO SHIT people are destroying the game!!!!.... FUCK ALL PEDO😤😤😤  GO HANG YOURSELVES YOU FUCKIN RETARTED!!!
Holy poop....I'm not gon buy pack on the game cause it's gone close what a waste....I've invested lots of time and money on that game.... And this   PEDO SHIT people are destroying the game!!!!.... FUCK ALL PEDO😤😤😤  GO HANG YOURSELVES YOU FUCKIN RETARTED!!!
When Internet Anarchist started talking about popular games you know it's gonna be huge
Roblox is cooked.
At this point I see Roblox like a terribly run South Park because at this point it's not a children's game anymore, it's an adult game disguised as a kids-game because of the artstyle...
0:42 this must be some sort of a record for the earliest timestamp for Charlie to show up in a video
Man...Roblox Had Already Lived In People's Heart, It Was A Pretty Infamous Platform With Many Cool Games During The Past Years. But With The Current Situation Now...Don't Know Anymore, It's Just Crazy. It's The Broken Trust In The Very Game That Everyone Had Loved And Played Ever Since The Past, As The Skeletons Is Finally Taken Out Of The Closet, If You Think About It, As The Veil Of Roblox Secrets Had Finally Been Opened And What Did We Found Lying Underneath? 3 Things: Corruption, Greed, And Child's Safety Negligence At Its Finest, Oh My God ☹🤦‍♀👨‍⚖                             Edit:(My Disappointment Is Immeasurable, It Knows No Bound Because Of This Situation)
I bet it would have saved them so much time and money if Roblox just hired the dude and his team to lead/join the child safety team
Bro lost weight,keep it up gang
0:33 why does bro lowkey look like Pyrocynical if he was sane
Good no more roblox brain rot🥀
gwamgo typa thumbnail not it anarchist
00:38 I'm sorry but why does your face move in 5 fps? Are you AI generated? Its very Unnatural! This is like the 2nd Video i watched from you and i noticed this again
Roblox' chief safety officer looks like a pedo himself, so maybe thats why.
I had heard about Roblox reputation as a pedo haven before this controversy broke. It seemed like negligence on a platform that appealed to kids. Now I have to question if this is by design.
I bet the creeps are the games whales.
Shit got so bad, even Internet Anarchist is on the scene.
Not the ai thumbnail.. ew
Keep the platform save for children < Protecting the pdf files
Matt himself honestly looks like a PDF to me
hey roblox tell us youre run by predators for predators without telling us.....
They should made Schlep as the security officer like what Chris Hansen said on his recent video clips but instead they accuse him of three random things and threatening to sue him roblox disserve all of the lawsuit recently filed against them and the $12,7b loss
Pedoblock is finished
Was the thumbnail ai?💀💀🥀🥀🥀🥀
Dude! That cover is Super FAKE!!! GUYS!!! It’s David’s Fault! Attack him!!!
we need a new ceo and safety officer. CAUSE WHY THE FUCK ROBLOX TAKE ACTION TO SCHLEP INSTEAD OF THE PREDATOR IT KEEP GOING ON LIKE A WAR
Roblox needs an image consultant... At least. Lol
Roblox is most likely run by jews
Downfall? They seem to be doing fine even after all this unfortunately
Roblox already died in 2017.
True evil does exist! Stay strong brother! Do not stray from God! Keep your family together and keep up the good fight, ultimate justice does exist!  Amen. 🙏 🕊️
I knew something was off about Roblox after Kim Kardashian’s son saw her tape on the platform🤦🏽‍♂️
By and large Roblox looks at these predators as first and foremost a compliance and PR problem and not the true danger they pose  Any platform or organization of this size that deals with children is going to have a problem with Adobe PDF files attempting to infiltrate the organization or otherwise access these children. It's true of the boy scouts and it's true of the Catholic Church and it's true of a school or children's hospital. I don't necessarily judge them for merely having PDF files attempting to infiltrate the organization, I have a problem with them for their woefully inadequate controls and the fundamental design of their system being impossible to moderate. This is something you have to build into the very foundations of the system. These children should not have access to chat or voice chat at all. But they're not going to take that away for the same reason that McDonald's is not going to stop selling hamburgers.
chris hansen isnt a grifter
Imagine choosing money instead of saving kids.
So they hear major problems with contacting minors and their solution is dating sim? How?
Once more, the game has been banned in other countries due to this
Oh boy
nice roblox very nice i say smth random i get ban for days and predators dont very good platform
Shut up
Heads of corporations are basically kings in the United states so this won’t happen but their leaders should obviously be imprisoned for the things that have gone on for years.
i do not like the way schlep handles these predators i like chris hansen does it as hansen always involves the police early but roblox reaction is atrocious
I've seen this behavior before. It's because some of the owners and ceo are predators themselves and they don't wanna get caught at any cost but also because they only care about making more money and don't care about doing enough work to manage the servers.
The limited stuff I have seen of Schlep, shows he has a better understanding of the law then some out there.
the game is 13+ rated, but has a club and anything else that not belong to 13+ wtf is this game
Can all of you fking cry baby idiots shut up about AI.. the thumbnail and video are fine get over yourselves
You know its bad when the Internet Anarchist made a vid about this 💀🙏
Crazy how, at least with the video where schlep shared this happening, all of this only started Two weeks ago.
the roblox CEO is just protecting his friends
Pack it guys its the downfall of roblox
gotta give to schlep talken about what happened to him hard enough but he did something. well done young man and i do mean man
12:56 don't defend you and the company pedoblox okay it fcking enraged me and my demon inside me
I heard that the number of Roblox players is now back to normal like nothing ever happened. This is so dumb that everyone went back on Roblox. I let a lot of people know about it and some of them don't care about it.
I've played on this platform before- joined around late 2017. I've created lots of memories with the games there- but eventually I'd leave the platform for Steam around 2018, out of boredom.  I knew the platform was gonna lose its charm eventually, but I didn't think it'd come to this. I would not be suprised if the CEO himself is a predator himself, based off of his vision for the platform now.
I made a good profit on Roblox stock but sold it once Charlie released his video. WTF is happening with all this support for pdf files lately!.
i wanna watch the video, i really do, but hearing people say pdf instead of pedo makes my blood boil
ai generated thumbnail, lazy as fuck
Just call them predators pdfile sounds weird and not as severe as it really is
Who cares if its AI? I mean seriously!
real
Who the fk is CHRIS HANSEN ??? I've seen VITALY SERIOUSLY BUST MORE PEOPLE 😒
Look at modern gaming studios. They are all weird, mentally ill, potentially preds
dud i'll be honest saying pdf than saying pedo keeps throwing me off
This situation might even close Roblox Entirely lmao
Roblox are protecting child groomers, but more importantly they are partnered by MasterCard and Visa, two companies that ban the sale of legal adult content, yet they are supporting a company that protects pedos. Not only that the CEO of MasterCard has various badges in the Roblox game, based around adult themed rooms. This goes deeper, MasterCard,Visa, Roblox protecting pedos and giving them a platform to thrive. We need to shut down Roblox and put them out of business and expose every single one of their directors and other partners
Roblox: sorry, we cant do anything to punish the PDF under our employ because he commited these acts off platform. Schlep: Lures PDFs off platform Roblox: Bans schlep for luring them off platform.  Something illegal needs to be done to everyone at the company
This is incredible: sad, unfortunate, anger inducing.
Honestly, I think we shouldn't be protecting the developer that did shit to Schlep. The fact that I have YET to hear the name of that person is insane to me. It may have been said a LONG time ago when he was FINALLY outed for SA, but still. People should know who the creep is.
THIS IS AI GENERATED 100%
Good, Roblox deserves all the things coming to them. They've had countless opportunities to change their behavior in safety but have flat out refused
Always targeting the children 😢
Roblox is using the logic that public schools use for bullying, They're more mad that you're making them look bad then they are about the bad things they're letting happen.
Roblox is like Mr Beast. Everyone looks at the pros and ignores the jaw dropping cons.
nice ai thumbnail bro
Schlep being abused and resolving to hunt down the predators on Roblox is basically the pedophiles creating their worst enemy. A good Samaritan that goes above and beyond when it comes to child safety.  Seeing Roblox try to shut them down inadvertently exposed their allegiance towards at least 1 of 2 things, and both are abhorrent. Streisand Effect, at its finest.
Of all the things they won't tell you on the news about Trump, the massive amount of pred arrests he is responsible for is the biggest shame
Roblox is the perfect example of what happens when you're developing a game just for kids so that pdf people to use
Is the thumbnail A.I.???
Well they didn’t downfall they actually beat STEAM That’s not enough? Well they got more players at a single point than what OG Fortnite got in an entire day .
"Just when i was out, they managed to pull me back in" Chris Hanson right now
Is it just me or do the CEO and CSO look like they're into kids themselves. Might explain a thing or two.
Yes Roblox is bad but it’s not like this isn’t common knowledge, so at a point we need to ask why are parents still letting there children play this, I’m not excusing the predators but a good parent protects there children from things like this
roblox gave money to trump
I'm thinking some of these "higher ups" and the CEO need their hard drives looked through.
I hope it goes down being that company harbors pedos doing messed up shit.
My friend and I just made videos regarding about this. As I told him before, and as I thought of it before, if this situation, doesn’t get fixed up anytime soon, which I honestly don’t know when, I’m so gonna be moving on with Roblox, to another game that is much more safer than ever. As of now, I am still playing Roblox, but trying to stay away from any weirdos that do that type of stuff. If this doesn’t stop, or again as I said, if it’s not fixed up soon, I’m done, no more Roblox for me.
Roblox then: 😁     Roblox now:😔
Why do "the man" protects israel and predators so fiercely, could they be the same?
I feel bad for Schlep. These people need help- they were choosing money over safety? That is just wrong
When safety is so ignored that a victim has to prevent others from becoming victims, you know a company is about to face severe backlash.
Roblox isn't filled with predators, THEY are the predators.
I never used Roblox since it felt to have the weirdest aura there has in the internet. After seeing this being so much of a drama, I'm more than glad to never engage with it. I see S&box being the way better alternative with their vibe and safety there is.
0:34 omg it's him!
not the AI thumbnail😭😭🥀🥀
You know you're f***ed when Internet Anarchist, 90% of the Roblox YouTuber community and Penguinz0 is on your case.
We're here for schlep against Roblox predatory scheme
I love how most of everyone I watch has talked about this, even people who don't even play Roblox.
Lol why did you call hansen a grifter?
Good thing bloxfruit is about bullying low level players
The chief safety officer looks like a pedophile...
roblox killed the messenger thats who Schlep is to us
Stop this bullshit of "pdf". Call them for what they really are: PEDOFILES!
OMG 2 videos in one week
Roblox needs to be shut down, even before this I would have said that
Those Roblox execs really do look likethe type to protrct PDFs, perhaps we need to check their harddrives!
After this and how Roblox reacted it only made me suspect that most of the Roblox leadership are Predators themselves, hell, it might even be that they created the platform specificly for Predators! Its all disgusting really and i hope they get taken down becouse a company that does't care about children couse it makes them lose money really should't be around, especially one this big.
Wait, did u call Chris Hanson a grifter at 16:17? Did I miss something about him
Look, I don't wanna judge people on first impressions, but I wouldn't leave my kid alone in a room with that Chief Safety Officer.
Any content creator still on roblox is supporting the problem
roblox CEO was one them few people defending the preds chris hansen caught saying what he did wasnt right i bet , bet he uses words like entrapment and shit too
100% deserved
can't wait until the roblox CEO gets his version of the luigi mangione incident. i might even play the role of luigi myself.
Why can't people stop looking for relationships on Roblox and just go on tinder
What the hell is Roblox?
The moment Roblox bans the pedophiles is the moment their entire platform dissolves. It’s like a 6:1 ratio of child predators vs wholesome players and children.
JUST SAY "PEDOPHILES", I LOSE IQ EVERY TIME I HEAR "EDP, DIDDLERS OR PDF FILES"!
who are the 29 people who disliked this
12:53 bro looks like a pedo
Don't get me wrong, this is a good video highlighting some corrupt brainless individuals. But sugarcoating the word pedophile is just stupid. PDF File is computer based terminology and should stay that way, not stained or associated with the word Pedophile. I don't give a damn what the terms or policies are. Stop treating the word like it's Voldemort, and say the damn word.
It's really hard to see that Roblox Ignoring The Community that They Built. They just wanted More Money From Investors...
I hate roblox
CEOs are predators themselves
so where visa and mastercard? they want to ban adult-themed content on steam to keep kids safe but did /say nothing for roblox? and where the shit head Collective Shout the 60 years old hugs who want to save kids from all evil did they do anything? nope not a word fu*k Collective Shout and fu*k visa and mastercard they are full of shit
14:13 this clip is very uncanny valley vibe. I saw someone else say it’s probably made by AI and honestly it seriously could be
Why are you using ai for your facecam?
I was exposed to the condo games when I was 9 in 2017, Roblox was always so weird man from life in paradise to condo games. I really hope Roblox gets banned everywhere. It’s just the only way, it’s still getting millions of players now.
Chris Hansen is the most famous opportunist, and hope he doesnt ruin what others are trying to do.
Free Schlep!!! He deserved and still deserves better!
All i hope is that roblox doesnt shut down i hope a new ceo just fixes it
That cc who said they were done looked like what a pdf file thinks it looks like.... roblox ccs are super creepy to begin with. Its a kids game! Predators all around
Why you called Chris Hansen a grifter???
We got Ruben and Schlep on the most wanted list from Roblox  They wasted so much money on trying to sue these two, it's such a childish act when the two are just trying to help them  Ungrateful.
Chris: "Take a seat, young roblox!"
Didbthey hire maldivius figtree as brand manager or head of crisis management?
FFFFucK Roblox! That is all.
Ah yes, that infamous game... Яoblox
Gods above and below, I never liked Roblox from the get-go, and their reaction to what Schlep was doing in trying to make the platform safer for children just made me hate it even more
Schlep sounds like a legend
Reminds me of those kinds of punishments you got at school where they punished everyone involved including the person who got bullied
corn, pdf,.. pls  don't used some watered down version of those words. Just use other ones!!!
My country (Maldives) legit banned Roblox over this 😭🙏.
Title is just straight wrong. Roblox isn’t going anywhere.
I sure do feel much pity from a fellow named erik. oh, how he would be rolling around to see his world crumble.
You loose some weight?  Good for you.
to add to this point, the platform 'roblox' is banned from countries such as Qatar and some other countries due to this reason itself 'roblox protecting pdf files'
I wouldn't be surprised if part of Chris Hanson's documentary is they found pdf's in the management team of roblox, only reason that makes sense to ban Schlep, unless they really did ban him because him catching people was bad PR, which is somehow worse
The lawsuit by Louisiana is not as noble as it may seems.  They using this to push the identity verification laws.  Basically to erase anonymity from internet.   Even without the PDF issues, Roblox also been accused of exploiting children for profit on their platform.
Roblox is using A.I. to check for PDF people. Like what the F**K!!!! What is an AI going to do that a human being who has already outdone it? Stupid people running a horrible game at this point. Just get off and never play this again is all I have to say. Disgusting.🤬😡
Man, what's with this robloxian
....are we sure that  their gonna succeed? because even if they lost billions, they still have enough to ''bribe'' the government to turn everything down in order to protect the predators?
I stopped watching as soon as I saw you bleeped the word “abuse” like block me or whatever you want. But I can’t believe people are puppets this hard for YouTube’s money.
1:53 just looking at his face makes my blood boil
The CEO is part of a predator ring using Roblox to find victims. He uses his power over the platform to hide it. But he can't hide someone getting caught in a sting. So he bans anybody who might do that. He's a pedo.
is no one talking about the ai generated stuff this dude is using now
Tbf. The CEOs look like one of those M.A.P.s
Do people really play Roblox, its like the worst game of all time well after minecraft.
Not only a lawyer talking about it but now internet anarchist  roblox truely has turned everyone against them lol
roblox really take thinking in reverse too literally
shlep after us defending him in court, 💀💀💀💀
Typical predators protecting predators shut it down
Roblox could literally hire Schlep and give him and team and work with Law Enforcement and the whole problem would be done
Once again, in today's world, the only way to get things done is with bad publicity
pdfs protecting other pdfs
Isn’t the number of players on Roblox at record levels at the moment?? Each update they are smashing the previous record. The gardening game is going crazy
This has been in the news since 2018 and the game is still huge.    As bad as it is, this won't change anything.
if a drama I was in got so bad the ai slop channels got to it id just km$ atp
Also, if they want to claim "entrapment", they don't understand the law. Entrapment only applies when a law enforcement officer induces a person to break a law with the intention of busting them for the induced violation
While vigilantism is a grey area, in Schelp's case, as long as he was doing the right thing, everything he did should've been overlooked.
12:56 sounds like: "the actions that they're taking is hurting our wallet and make us look bad"
Habbo hotel all over again
like a comment on NTTS video: Someone should check Davids hard drive
Doesn’t care about safety, stock goes down by $12 Billion
I feel i must say this: when I was younger, I was victimized in that way. So to know that there are others trying to make sure it doesn't happen to other children, it warms my heart. Devs need to stop trying to dictate what can happen when people are doing this to protect the children. That's the part that really pushes me over the edge!
Why, when he said “mountains of inappropriate content” did I visualize it like he was reading off a location name on a map? Ah, yes, the Mountains of Inappropriate Content. Just north of the Forest of Questionable Size (banana for scale).
The guy in charge of security of the platform looks like he was just making stuff up to cover his own backside the entire time. I could say more, but it would be defamatory ;)
whys the ceo look like a creeper pedo i get uncomfterbull looking at him.
Probably could’ve saved that 12 billion if they spent a simple million to stop predators on the platform, actually sickening this mindset Roblox executives have
youtube unsubed me
BRO IS THAT AI
Original title" Roblox Is Attacking This Youtuber( Schlep)"
This is purely speculation on my part, but if the game runners are protecting the pedos and banning the investigators, it suggests that the game runners are full in on the creep
Ahhhhhhhh shit first law by mike then internet? Were in for a treat
I just found out about this whole controversy a couple weeks ago, how Roblox is still operating is crazy, it needs to be shut down
Yeah… trying to ”damage controll” everything won’t help forever… (Roblox better start action to protecting childrens INSTEAD add a damn dating)…
The guys stating these “vigilantes have gone too far and placed the community in danger” is a pdf!!!!!!
My friend, who was a roblox fan, might create a new YouTube video to discuss this incident.
As a Roblox YT im tired of seeing every week another creep exposed. I only started playing roblox like 3 years ago but im trying to pivot from Roblox at this point tbh. This is sick
As someone who used to play Roblox since 2008 and stopped around 2016-17, it’s absolutely disappointing to see what has become of the game I once loved. 😢
I’ve played Roblox and made a few [now deleted] servers before. I’ve stopped playing Roblox a while back, but now I feel like I’ve done the right thing by abandoning Roblox permanently in favor of building infrastructure in Minecraft. For one who was ONCE a fan of the Roblox platform, I am deeply disappointed of what Roblox has been doing, just sad and outraged at the same time… :(
I immediately deleted my account and uninstalled Roblox after hearing this issue
You finally talked about this
Call them what they fucking are
I just thought of a new ideal as someone who was raped and molested as a young boy from Age 4 until I was 14 and I think it is this, I think I want everyone and I mean everyone in the country of America where I live to give me the names of the people that harmed and molested them therefore as a checklist I could fulfill all of these childhood dreams just like Santa Claus but I'm not bringing gifts to children I am going to bring the end to the PDF files since that's the way you guys want to describe them in your dumbass videos but y'all catch my drift. I think I might have just finally found my true purpose in life, instead of just getting revenge on the pedophiles that fuck me over from 4 to 14 I can do a much greater service to mankind But more along the lines of child kind And actually take out By way of elimination All of The PDF files That would be given to me period Now I'm Considering this I wonder how to put this together question mark Because I fucking hate pedophiles more than any other group of criminals on this planet I just Fucking despise them They are pathetic they are cowards they are evil they're sick and twisted and what they take from us as children can never be given back and I'm 51 years old And it still pisses me off Do you know that Of male children That are molested Over 30 percent which I believe is probably higher than that but the statistics say 30 percent Of male children End up becoming pedophiles themselves? I really believe that number is way fucking low and the reason why I believe it's slow is because when children are young their minds are like mashed potatoes or clay therefore you can shape it into any form you want and that's why pedophiles love love love love love love love love love kids because they can warp their minds and fuck them up and create a future pedophile. And therefore the cycle never fucking ends, and it's only gotten worse with the more people we have on this planet you think it was safe back in the fifties? No you just didn't realize there were pedophiles out there and it wasn't on TV like it is now but with the internet the TV and nonstop information 24/7 it seems like it's more and more but in actual reality it's the same and it's always been the same it's just it's more openly visible because we have so much more communication amongst each other. And therefore the evil has never died it's only gotten worse and it's only more visible now because of the internet
PirateSoftware would 100% take Roblox's side
Schlep great work.... The real question is. Why Are Wyte people pray on young children?? It literality took a kid to point at the problem. Old axx wyte men praying on children through a kid's video game is a sick AF.
The ceo themselves look like Predators
I hope that "MAPs" and all pedos see the warning that people doing the right thing (and vigilantes) won't stand for their sick attractions any longer. I'm glad to be anti-pedo.
I think Roblox is confused and thinks schlep is a predator.
FINALLY, HE'S COVERING THIS!!!!!
Thank you for bringing more awareness to this matter.
2:00 "67% of you aren't subscribe but still watch my video" The audacity lmao
I love when they refuse to do anything when its "off platform" except when they wanna sue someone for "off platform" stuff, wild double standerd
the only last thing ROBLOX did that was good was bringing back the original death oof sound, now they're just trying to shield this controversy away from us and thinking we would move on, but once it goes public, people are already bringing out their pitchforks and torches, ROBLOX themselves, made an AI video to distract people but, that backfired, no matter how many attempts this company does to deflect the narrative and blame Schlep, they would all backfire and get ratioed by multiple people online, even community notes on twitter
The chief of security looks like he could be one of those predators.
As a 15 year old, I'm ashamed that I have played this game when I was younger and if I ever had a kid when I'm older, I'm prohibiting them from Roblox unless it changes.
Early gang
Remember! Roblox loves predators on their platform!
roblox acting on the interest of profit over security another classic dodge vs ford incident
Tbh I'd sponsor a Luigi visit to Roblox next BOD meeting
That bald schmuck trying so hard to justify banning Schlep for being a "vigilante" looks and acts like the type of creep Schlep would work with authorities to take down.
even Anarchist sounded subtlely mad about this at the start of the video
Despite the drop in stock price, player count has continued to grow though
The writing is on the walls They intentionally facilitate this behavior That's what they meant by schlep being "harmful to their customers" Why the CEO wants to introduce dating to Roblox  It's all with purpose
EVEN INTERNET ANARCHIST
Roblox said it would be easier to deal with one person than dealing with the countless preds
It's really crazy how Roblox can't read the room and realize how dumb it is to prioritize banning people who wants pdf files off of their platform.
Not a Roblox channel btw
They didn't just double down They QUADRUPLED down. 4 separate occasions where they said that Schlep's ban was justified. Somebody needs to check their hard-drives
The CEO looks like the biggest creep compared to Jeff "Evil Laughter" Bezos
I still wonder how Roblox thought it was a good idea to be so harsh to the guy exposing those psychos. Now they'll find out what happens when a billion dollar company goes after a 22 year old. We don't accept this. They forget that a lot of parents can take Roblox away from their kids in a second and the older kids are smarter than they assume. And seriously, who the heck is that dude at 01:56 ? He looks creepy giving off those p'vibes.
Can't believe what Roblox has become. I've been playing Roblox since May 2018 and it really started to go downhill in 2020. 2019 was the best year in my opinion because it was the last good year of Roblox. I've got very precious games in my favourites and if Roblox shuts down it's going to all be lost
The Chief Security Guy shouldnt play on the "p*dophile Magnets" himself... just look at the Server he is playing... he is protecting these PDFiles because he is one!
Someone needs to check the hard drives of the CEO and ESPECIALLY the CSO.
Oh God... It's on Internet anarchist...
Of course Roblox is trying to protect predators, that's where a probably not-so-insignificant amount of their revenue likely comes from. Most kids don't have a lot of cash to buy the in-game currency (purchases of which Roblox gets a cut of) but adults do. So predators buying the currency as enticement for their desired victims very much does make up a portion of their income. The only question is how much. I personally think it's quite a lot, given how popular Roblox is for predators to use (which absolutely boils down to how easy it is for them to successfully get a victim.)  Outside of content creators, I've never heard of any other adults casually playing Roblox. Because the general consensus is that it's a children's game. So why would adults play it when they can afford to buy real games to spend their limited amount of free time playing?  (And it's fucking ugly as sin, but that's a whole separate issue.)  That's why Roblox feel stuck between a rock and a hard place - The public wants the predators gone, but if they get rid of the predators, they'll loose a lot of money.
How did Roblox get Internet Anarchist against them gng
I think we gotta call the playstore gods the app store gods and the windows gods to deal with this
We need more people like Schlep pointing out the amount of corruptions not just inside these monopolistic companies but oligarchies as a whole. What he’s done and still doing is inspirational.
Roblox needs either completely new management or total removal from the internet until it actually is safe for the children it claims to serve. They're gross and tbh honestly evil like Google
Really... Roblox now?😂
I was just thirsty at 05:15 am...         ...HOLY BANANAS
Your actions always have a way of coming back to you.  That quote aged well
roblox deserves thiz, their moderation sucks and ive seen so many predators on there its insane, even adopt me has those perverts, and its a game where alot of children play it, i like playing roblox but this is just disgustin:(
17:03 Internet Anarchist jumpscare
Not trying to shift blame. But its on parents to be more active in their kids lives. You shouldn't let your kid have unrestricted access to internet. Gaming should be kept to a few hours a night. Letting them play it more on the weeked from a few to 5 hours. Parents use gaming as a way to babysit their kids now and its sad. Be present in their lives. Make sure you protect them.
Honestly, won't be surprised if the CEO is found to also be dabbling in a bit of diddling.
I can't believe Roblox is getting away with this. I feel bad for schelp
That platform (or game) is disgusting. Ohala fine them and/or close them
Something that happened to me quite a bit ago on this platform was someone bullying me and calling me "childish" because I was on the autism spectrum. Roblox did NOT handle it properly. I know they have transcripts, and chat logs, and he had reported my account for god knows what, and it turns out I was the one to be targeted only because I defended myself. They do not use proper moderation, it's some crappy AI that does absolutely nothing. This deeply hurt me on the inside, which is why I am starting to dislike their platform more and more with each passing day.
great video, horrible thumbnail; unless you are demon'd dont use ai, pay the like 5 dollars to get an actual thumbnail artist
32 minutes late? I should be thrown in jail
Thank you so much for covering this.. as a minor myself, I’m so grateful you people supporting and protecting us and younger members of the community  So thankful Thank you so so much 🫶🏻
i remember that even lawbyike is behind schelp, if thats true theyre totally screwed
i've been waiting to hear internet anarchist to talk about this✨️
Roblocs: The PDF company
Ya know, usually I'm against mass detectives like ani, but this, this needs more talking.
David looks like a PDFile
dude you can say pedophile you can say rape you can say all of that and if youtube threatens you saying you cant expose them.
Literally…ALL…they had to do from the get-go to avoid this was to just.be.SENSIBLE.  Honestly though, as much as it is deserved, I do hope Roblox doesn’t collapse and vanish forever. There are a number of experiences on it that I genuinely enjoy (mainly railway games) and would miss.
Roblox is extremely screwed now  First law by mike Now we got Internet anarchist
FREE SCHLEP, let everyone know and see this comment. 👍
I LOVE YOU I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS KEEP IT UP
Not intended to defend Roblox in any way, but Chris Hansen is a scumbag with zero credibility.
This is absolutely horrible... I have been an active user of Roblox for years and i cant believe what is happening right now. It doesn't feel real.
Roblox only care about money
Roblox don’t listen to their own community
Ok I can't be the only one who thinks the chief security officer for Roblox just looks like the a typical predator himself. Maybe that's why he's turning the blind eye to this...schlep is targeting "his people" 🤣
Most Roblox players are 11 years old or younger. They should have more security measures to protect the safety of its child players.
I think more big time YouTubers need to talk about this, millions of not more kids are at risk playing a game suppose to be made for, or aimed at them. Please keep spreading the word.
Is that an AI thumbnail??
I wouldn't be surprised if the CEO was a pedophile and probably many others working there.
Roblox is scum, Schlep is a hero. I have to sit monitoring my 5 year old playing Roblox
WTF is wrong with the Roblox company.  Epstein cult perhaps?
To think I willingly have been filing reports to them with perfect and pinpoint details for quite a few years now for free just to see them do things like this. Roblox should bite the cheap bullet and hire actual staff to help moderation and not lean the entire platform on AI. (And maybe they should just come clean and fix things so they don't keep going down and might just be able recover one day.)
Schlep is a Hero!!!
pedoblox
Real talk: Kill the PDFs but when do we short RBLX  Edited after watching the whole video: What the actual  fuck?
they protect the predators, because they ARE the predators. they dont want to be exposed on their own child trafficking platform
Nice, This is the way :D
My only problem with all this, would Shlep have done the same thing AND NOT putting it online?  Getting people caught is one thing, another one is showing it and directly or indirectly tarnish Roblox: Shlep would be helping EVERYONE on ANY game platform by getting those pdfs, but putting it on the web *might* be the reason why Roblox doesn't like it, like at all.  (I don't support Roblox having ban him, but I think I can see the angle why Roblox did this)
Corporations have too much power.
powering the wrong imagination
12:57 shits crazy to reply w a ai video
You ask why they don't act and try to silence Shlep? Those PDF files bring in a ton of money, Roblox doesn't want to miss out on, and Shlep drags their inactivity into the daylight, for everybody to see, including parents buying robux, for their kids. Pretty easy to figure out if you actually use that thing between your ears, lil bro!
Early as fuck l
Even iHasCupquake talked about this. This is insane considering everything going on.
Payley
you know it's bad if internet anarchist posts
I just banned all my unborn children from Roblox. They protect predators.
A predator literally just groomed a 12 year old girl and then  kidnapped her here in Omaha this week.  She was just found wtih the man in Council Bluffs, IA.
This whole debate would perfectly compare to that Spongebob meme with Man Ray and Patrick
Theres so many people on tiktok making this situation so unserious its insane
Love the videos brooo 🔥🔥🔥
I love your videos but I can't take it with the censorship of like 50% of the words lmao
You done fucked up when the POLICE are doing a better job at stopping predators than you are.
I think the CSO looks sus and he’s someone scared of getting exposed
predators protecting predators
Roblox is truly cooked now! To be honest, the company has done lots of harm than good towards minors and the general public as a whole. The company has this coming to them with this big situation and they could’ve avoided all of this if they had taken action against all the problems in the platform and have a better moderator system or something but instead they silence the victims and ban/block people who try to actually save children from criminals and honestly Roblox definitely deserves this downfall because instead of taking action against PDFiles they only care about their image/reputation and money and not the community 😡 Shame on you Roblox 😔
I bet roblox's owner is also a pedo, I can't think of any other reason to help them
i really hope they do take legal action and attempt to take this man to court or something, they have literally no defense at all
Banning Schlep for money and losing 12 billion because of it is crazy
Roblox doesn't want you calling out PDF files because they generate half their income.  The other half is children with oblivious parents.  Any adult on this platform should be on SlTE
helllo
Internet anarchism
you speak in ultra cursive, I like it :D
I tried to play this game back in the day, but it was just a bad game with bad graphics with weird people on it. I quit almost an hour after I started
This is so true ; Roblox would rather keep this public information rather than safe . They thought by banning Schlep they could discourage him, and in doing this, end the propaganda . They prioritize profits over safety . Nice one, Roblox .
roblox defending pedos is crazy
You know Roblox is screwed when Internet Anarchist responds to this.
FREEE SCHLEPPPP
Did you have to use an AI thumbnail?
❤❤❤
Sell your stock now!!! 🫣
Internet is always drama, but this time this is real world issues. Told my stepmother about that this happned. Now my little sister is banned from roblox.   Also ironic I'm writing a google doc myself to expose someone rn. Idk if I'll post a vid here or not.
Banning Schlep was the best decision Roblox could make. Not because it's good for them, but because it made people realize how much they didn't care.
When Chris Hansen wants to "sit down and chat" with your CEO, YOU DUN F***ED UP!
FINALLY….a downfall of something I’ve actually heard of lol
Glad you're reporting on this. Schlep has made such a huge splash - i say Roblox needs to let him keep swimming.
you know it’s bad when Internet Anarchist makes a video on it
Yoo, Internet Anarchist is finally covering this!
All they had to do was Respect their own heroes.  Roblox called shlep a villain .   Now it's time to find out.
you know its serious when internet anarchist makes a video about it 🥸👾
The fact that they think he's the problem just shows how much Roblox doesn't care about child protection
Bro change that thumbnail, I love your stuff but the AI is not welcome.
8min is crazy
whoever dislikes you are working with roblox
The R on the cap looks a little too good to be AI imo
Free schlep frr
That's the reason why I love Minecraft is better than Roblox
Not the Ai the thumbnail 😔
Oh brother a another mamamax
MORE LIKE PEDOBLOX
The elite sure are interested in protecting PDF files.... almost like many are deviants...
I can’t take this seriously with the ai thumbnail 😭
When the original predator hunter AKA Chris Hansen comes in to call you out you know you’re cooked.
Using ai for the thumbnail is crazy and finding an image of schleps avatar is so easy
Gonna be completely honest here, the moment I first heard about this the severity of what Roblox just did didn’t register to me, so I was like “oh, another Roblox drama, he’ll get unbanned soon probably”
Roblox doing so much slip ups bro
Duck Roblox for defending pdf guys.
Who else is tired of corporations, extremist groups, and government trying to protect predators?
What do you think Roblox should do about its safety issue?  Also, thanks for 1.73M subscribers - we are approaching 2M so fast! 🚀
Yay it popped on my feed
Even my son knows about this story, and he has a much lower opinion of Roblox now.
Even though Roblox is finally doing something about the pedo shit, it’s only cuz the media dragged it into public eye. If they actually cared about protecting kids, they’d have moderated this YEARS ago, just like how they instantly cracked down on Schlepp and anyone tied to him.
bro the ai thumbnail😔
3 minutes ago is nutty
How does Roblox still exist.. Never understood why ppl are playing this game
damn is ahh thumbnail🎉
I swear when they go bankrupt I'll be so happy. Until then we'll have to deal with this until something changes
Im too early for this
Why that thumbnail😅😅- Still a great video tho
Gosh I'm 2 minutes late to my fav channel
Damn even he knew he had to step up 😭🙏
POOKIE POSTED ONLY 3 MINUTES AGOOO!! i didn't think you would pot about schelp-
i have never been this early. (2 min) i cant w8 to watch this <3   that sayd  i stg  roblox gotta be run by those pdf 's
I love the background, hoping you use your webcam more.
2 minutes really YouTube
AI thumbnail cmon
Finally a huge company finally being accountable.
No clue why Roblox's solution was to ban the person they should be working with. Idiots.
How dare YouTube hide this video for 1 minute
E A R L Y
can we stop dragging schlep..  this is getting annoying bruh.
ai bro 💔💔
The fact they were upset for schlep to report to the higher authorities instead of them already feels like a big Red flag, and it seems more like they just want to keep all their problems hush hush from anyone who could sue them instead of just, well… help people
Why YouTube really make me wait 60 seconds for an Anarchist Video
wheres the rogan drop
Yo, it 3am in my country yet still watching this😂😂
how we gonna save schlep tiktokers putting this movement back 15 years
Schlep did nothing wrong, and should not only be allowed to do this but should be encouraged. David B is a pedophile or at the very least a pedo protector and that's just as bad.
why did you use an AI thumnail?
Even internet Anarchist and law by Mike is catching up to this sloppy mess, this should really show how Roblox messed up big times. Not once but twice.
Jesus I hope this sinks Roblox. Seriously, imagine suing someone because they're doing YOUR job.
Last time I was this early vaush was popular
roblox should just be shut down...jesus
FREE MA BOI
I always knew roblox had a dark side. However, choosing money over saving kids, is insane.
Milk milk milk
fire refresh pull
I’ve been waiting for you to cover this
It’s honestly crazy smh
first
Fuck Roblox
This is wild.
yo
29s
Yeah this game is doomed. And the lawsuit is proof that we don't need that Online act. We have the means of taking down predators and those who protect predators without the need to go too far.
roblox is the EDP of gaming
First
I was just telling my wife about this  Perfect timing!!
I can't believe YouTube kept this away from me for 17 seconds.
Well this vid is right and roblox is cooked
AI thumbnail is insane bro 😭
W
rah
Finally
first
