Could I get an imitation insurance bill and pay it with imitation money?                 Please?
I feel the need.  The NEED for turbo lag.    🔥
Yeah, it's not really worth it unless you can set it to throttle on: 1. Clip-clopping horse sounds 2. Spinning UFO whining noise from the 1970's TV show. 3. Actual motorboat water splashing sounds 4. Apocalypse Now! helicopters 5. Playing cards attached with a clothes pin to click on some bicycle spokes 6. Your own kid's voice saying Vroom-vrOOmmm 7. A donkey braying HEE-haw, hee-haw. 8. A turbine jet engine spooling up 9. A clanking battle tank sound 10. Chitty-chitty bang-bang steampunk noises.  When it can cover these basic requirements, then I'd sure buy it.
its literally car sim in an actual car, pretty cool nonetheless !
It's too bad the digital engine noises are so low resolution. It sounds like a toy car from the 1980s.
Why is the camera trash
wow the simulated exhaust sounds horrible in this video but in other videos it sounds super believable and realistic.... maybe its a year model or software version difference.... or like is the audio just bad....
This is hilarious but looks so damn fun! Like what an electric MINI Cooper should be! Not a fan of the original Ioniq 5 interior but this looks a bit improved.
I actually did a road trip!  It still outlasted me in terms of needing to stop and recharge, lol.  Yeah, I got to use the bathroom every two hours, so yeah.  Anyway, It performed extremely well for a road trip and the miles calculator was pretty spot on.  Even in the mountains where I was going up/down grades.  Drove from SF Bay all the way up to Klamath Falls Oregon first day.  You can adjust the ride comfort too.   I made the shocks at its softest and it was completely drivable and not over jarring.  For reference, I actually own a 2023 limited as well, which, yeah, MUCH more ideal for a road trip, and definitely more comfortable.  Drove all the way up through Bend, Sisters and over to Depoe Bay and back.  Never had a moment I was worried about being stranded.  That said though, do your research!  Some EV chargers are Rivian ONLY, and they don't tell you that on the apps.  I can see people getting stranded if they didn't have enough charge available. Anyway, both my wife and I enjoyed the trip, and I want to do it again.  FWIW, Oregon roads are AMAZING and well paved.  MUCH better than Cali.
So the false engine sound on this car is cool, but on the Charger it’s silly? Got it………
I love the look of the steering wheel.
They've been doing this for a long time. Back in like 2003, people were using speaker mods and throttle detecting chips to play v8 sounds jnder the hood of their 4 banger...  If you wanna be fake, be fake. But admit you're a fake who can't handle the real deal.
That's a cool looking car.
@Auto Focus patiently waiting for the Porsche Macan EVE review
Eh just get the AWD regular Ioniq 5 in any of the trims where AWD is available.  80% of the torque and no big range hit.
if this could go 300 miles with everything it has now.....i'd trade in my car immediately
Model 3 has better range but beyond power seats I don’t see any advantages.  Tesla build quality while improved is still behind most other manufacturers.  The new 3 looks markedly improved from the previous version.  It also has almost zero physical controls.  Operating Teslas come with a substantially distracted driving experience.   Texting is a no no but operating a tablet computer while driving is ok 👌.  In the next iteration of the 5N I’d like to see power seats with at least driver’s memory, a 90 kw battery and a HUD.  I’m looking forward to seeing what they were able to do with the new Y soon.  Continues blessings🤙.  You’re doing great work.
Actually we got sunroof on 5N in Indonesia
Can this one do the 360 turn?
who has been cooking at hyundai? 🔥
I think the sounds are all great. I'm also a fan of the Hans Zimmer sounds in the BMWs, but if I had a 5N I'd use those sounds all the time. :D
HUGE PROBLEM iwht model 3: Assuiming the new refreh fixes the quality build issues (not confident) the car lacks buttons and stalks for basic funtions and that (in my opinion) makes the car dangerous. Lets beserious, you're not suposed to use the center console to change settings while driving though everyone does, and if you need to do ANYTHING with the ccar you have to look down for a touch button on the wheel, or a setting on the center console (need tochange radio, turn on/off heated seats, control temp, tc, look away from the road and find it in the console settings. Second, no stalks for sgear shift nor buttons for it, it is a cener console thing where you have to go into it, You may get used to that, but physical buttons help amake car safer. and no stalk for turn signals is a last strw for me...  I get the idea of being simplistic, and modern looking, but I think Tesla has taken it to a unsafe mode.
EVEN Iif you are PERFECT with every gear shif ton the fake manual mode, the car will be slower....  It adds fake transmission delay and a fake torque curve, decreasing torque as the engin shifts, and revs past the peak, so, keeping it on the iPedal would e better for performance. TUrn on the N bosst stuff, and car RIPS!
I think this is teh Coolest performance car you can buy right now, PERIOD! It is really a "hot hatch (though marketing puts it as SUV or CUV because that's what sells, but its the size of a larger Hatch, really). the N variant is REALLY fast! May not be the best straight line, but get it on a twisty road or a track, and it is GREAT, and frankly, it is VERY MUCH A Practical Daily Driver. THe Fake transmission thing, TURN IT OFF! it s a well calibrated party trick,and Hyuundai did a lot of work on it, but it dhurts the performance, Actually, doesn't improve it (it adds transmission lag, delaiys in "shifting" a 1 gar transmission, etc. It makes the car slow... THere is a TON of cool "NN" lbeledc tech, and the boost is cool. Oh, TURN OFF THE FREAKIN engine noises, and the car is good.  As for range, PLENTY OF RANGE! Most EV road trips with a car that EPA lists at 300 miles, you rarely go more than 100 to 150 miles per charge due to charging speed, and THIS CAR is among the fastest charging cars! about 20 mins or less 1 to 80 percent! SO, PLENTY OF RANGE! Yeah, a Model S plaaid may give you 30 to 400 if you hypermile it on the first leg, but then the charging getrs slow, and you sdo about 150 mile legs after that only chargign the car to 50-060%, and with the Ioniq 5 you can do 20 mins to 80% every time!   and Technically, you NOT SHIFTING GEARTS! The car simulates ist. Its still a 1-great transmission, and using transmission degrades performance of the car getting rid of the linear acceleration. Cool Trick, extreemely well though tout and implemented, waste of time!
Fricken awesome .... while tesla were focusing on fart noises, Hyundai were out there getting the hard work done for us car enthusiasts ... kudos Hyundai ... this is the only EV I'd consider ...
Not fastest charge? So Wrong
This is so fun, I really like both the hardware and the software, very impressive!
Real life is imitating shitty Kevin James / Vince Vaughn movies. We have truly reached the end of history.
You had me at manual seats. 2025 ev6 gt here i come 😅
whats the top speed?
Having that ICE-like mode instead of driving like a golf car is really neat and I wager it will be a must in all electric cars in the next decade.
Nürburgring 7:45 IONIQ 5N  That record will also be faster if Hyundai hires its own drivers, does tuning and modifications, and measures the records itself like Tesla   Sport Auto requested several EV companies to provide cars, but everyone rejected it. Hyundai is the only one that has provided EV for Sport Auto.  On Pikes Peak competition,  The IONIQ 5N showed superior performance than 1000hp Tesla Model S.  Hyundai sets the highest record for mass-produced EV in the U.S. ‘Pikes Peak Hill Climb’ competition. ‘Ioniq 5 N’ sets new records in both the modified and non-modified categories.
Come on man, you can't floor it like that before engine gets to operaing tempature  Hahahahaha.
The rev-up sound of the gas car mode sounds like a bad early 2000s tech demo for a racing game
Well done to Hyundai, they're a strong competitor in the EV market.
If you haven’t already please make a video about charge ports and charging stations etc. also in every EV review this should be talked about.
You always put together great reviews.  I think Hyundai and Kia have done an incredible job of seeing EVs as an opportunity to re-imagine why their brands exist.  They'll be rewarded handsomely in the long run if they keep it up.  Laggards will pay a steep price.
a little hardware and a little software advancement, better sound tuning, we'll have a very very convincing fake
Gimmick that no one should pay for
Lol, how do you know the R3 and R3X are gonna be better than this?
wow!!!!! abysmal dogshit from hyundai nice
“Evolution” sounds like a dang V12! Pretty freakin cool Other manufacturers doing this with the sound, transmission gear shifts, and feel of an ICE vehicle can definitely make EVs more fun to deive
66k wow
I thought it was gonna be about the new Mustang
why does it look like an AR/VR graphic
The model three performance plays second fiddle to this hyundai. 😂
Electric Vehicle of the Year
This is finally an EV car for people that like cars, vs eco boxes to take you from a to b lifelessly.  Yea its a bit silly, but driving should be fun and this is fun.  Kudos Hyundai. and Thank you.
The audio thing could seem just for aesthetic purposes but here in the EU we are currently discussing about the implementation of features like that to emulate the sound signals that gas cars emit and on which drivers rely in their every-day life. It may be an unconscious thing for your brain, but I have actually traveled in front of a Tesla on a highway and I swear, if it wasn't for my obsession of looking at the rear mirrors I wouldn't have noticed that the car was actually proceeding to surpass me. Apart from that - this Hyundai is an astonishing car!
The car made for those who have a $20k budget for $70k. Gotcha.
I just can't take electric cars seriously. Until the Li ion is better they just seem like a hassle to charge and the range is bad. Idk, I just don't see the appeal. Unless the energy density of battery tech increases. Nice car though for what it is.
it's vegan mock meat.
Gas car imitation is a little tacky until you realize that the car is built to handle track use and an ICE car gives you a lot of cues that you instinctively can react to that an EV wouldn't
Yeah, Hyundai realized that 99.8% of people knows about styling and nothing else about cars :) Great success :)
The fake sounds are so good in this car. I’m usually just like fine with fake sounds I don’t rly mind them but this car truly has the coolest most well made ones. Phenomenal.
To me, the blue/red N paint scheme leans heavily on a call back to the classic blue/orange Gulf racing colors harkening back to the 60s and that sometimes still appear on today's McLaren race cars.  Ioniq 5 is a great EV, too bad about the shorter range...
The Ignition mode is like taking a Forza gameplay to reality if you are on a track. On the other hand 70K on car that should be strictly for fun because of the trash range.... Yeah, very hard to justify a buy.
ya okay now this is next gen car i love this 69K USD bruh thats 95K CAD bruh no way! bro thats tooo much! bruh this is a sick car! i thnk this is my 3rd dream car now
These car sounds feel like Rocket league.
All that effort to emulate a gas car, but it sounds like Gran Turismo 2.
This car doesn’t look good at all to me , the exterior is shit , I’m shocked marques liked it 😅
That feature is so damn stupid
You cool with this only getting 210 miles but mad at Lexus for getting the same
Probably the best idea since EV's are a thing - I love it
Love the looks
pass. Get a gas car for sounds
Don't like the front grey grille but definitely like that aesthetic
Why don't they just make the motors louder or make sound with air like regular gas cars do with making a diffuser that makes sound
electric cars having speakers to sound like gas cars have been a thing for decades.  I remember a Top Gear episode showing one back when that show still existed.
This new Hyundai’s strategy/way is quite cool!  I’ve seen one in real life today  And it looks legitimately awesome! Headlights looked just perfect on the street
engine sound is straight from Watch_Dogs 2
Tesla's all lie about range and are being sued as we speak....ignore what tesla website ranges show lol
The big difference is this is actually track capable, whereas the M3P is not.
05:32 "N-Mode" No insurance, No driver license & No car registration 🙂 Come on people that's funny!!!
The car for Man.City fans
is all his videos Shot on iPhone 15 Pro??? or just this one?
One of the dumbest gimmicks I’ve ever seen on an EV. Seriously. If you want an ICE car get an ICE car.
I'd expect stuff like that from bmw
I've never driven a Hyundai that left me with a 'well, that was fun!' or 'I wouldn't mind driving this daily' impression... Until I drove this thing. Kudos to the team behind it, they've made something I thought impossible for Hyundai: A desirable vehicle. Now, if they could only work a bit on improving the interior/material quality and I'd definitely shortlist it as my next vehicle.
"Just don't do any crazy road trips in it" People have done 1000km (620miles) in under 10 hours in the 5 N! You just go at 80mph and charge every 200km(125miles) to 80% in 20 minutes and go for another 200km 4 charging stops and you are there. it charges like a Beast with 55kwh delivered in 18 minutes!
Hyundai is the only one getting design right lately IMO. I do also like the new Mini refresh though.
I guess "looks sick" is in the eye of the beholder. This looks sick as in vomit and the price of this bag of ugly... the price is ridiculous.  It sounds entertaining, I won't lie, but it's just terrible looking.
great review, please add some driving time in next. would of loved to see you shift through the gears and hit redline.
Please consider reviewing Honda Accord Hybrid. I'm enjoying my new car and it's great for the price!
it sounds like a roblox car not a gas car.....
Super super ugly design. I doubt anyone other than young girls would drive it
hyundai did the best on EV
I would love for you to drive some of the cars you review. This is a perfect example, show us how this "gas car mode" works while driving. Give it a spin so we can "feel" it.
next level simulator
cyberpunk has arrived
I hope you can program your own sound for the revving.  I would record my own voice going "VRROOOM VRROOOMM!"
I don't like this level of software. every tiny bit of the car is hackable.
Great review dude! Keep them coming!
Great car 👍
They need a Benny Hill Theme music sound option.
super gay
It's one of the fastest charging car on the planet man. So do your homework.
I don't love the way the EV6 looks.  If they do this with the EV6 I might have to get a second EV6
its like vegans eating hot dog flavored vegan hot dogs...
I don't need both of my kidneys, right?
$70k for a hot hatch what bizarro world are we living in 🤬 great awesome looking car but Daymn
You forgot to blur the license plate?
Supersonic sounds like my boat
Much much respect to Hyundai.  Hyundai is the only company that makes an EV(Ioniq5N) that can do 2 full laps at nurburgring on a single charge and with NO MODs. Tesla has a lot to catch up since the new "performance" model can't even do 1/3 of the track at Nurburgring without brakes catching on fire.
I honestly thought that EVs creating the sound of an internal combustion engine has to be a thing... Didn't realize that it hasn't been done until now.
We’ll need that when they make gas cars illegal.
Hyundai kicked ass at Pikes Peak this year!
The gas car mode is incredibly charming
*No man is too rich til you leave the earth you leave with nothing*
Apple shill
I have mixed feeling about this. Honestly if I wanted an performance oriented EV, I would rather have an EV that had a little bit louder motor you could hear, like they stiffened the motor dampers /mounts or something than a fake synthesized gas engine. This all seems like they could have put that engineering and R+D somewhere else that is actually useful. I wouldn't mind daily driving an EV for commutes at all, but I'm with Toyota on this. The EPA can pull my weekender / fun car with a manual transmission from my cold dead hands.
This is a taxi in South Korea
The ICE sound imitations is like lab grown meat, just stop, you're not fooling any one.
so it's a video game car, but in real life, nice
They should have electrified the Veloster and made the same thing
I really don’t want buttons in cars to go away completely. Give me a mix of a good tablet screen and buttons for climate control. 100 percent digital ain’t the right move.
Since the RPMs are fake I wish they would've let it rev to 9k RPM like a GT3 :D
the best thing about this car is that the battery costs MORE to replace than the whole car! woo hyundai
Check the Silverado EV
You need to see this: Hyundai IONIQ 5 N at the Nürburgring - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZczpFsv9ZY
how can he not talk about chinese EV cars at all, quite impressive
I don't understand why people think ionic 5 looks good...
Would be nice to see a deep dive in the car's menu. You know the way to do with phones.
I love my Kona N. It is a blast to drive all of the time. The suspension is stiff but its made to take corners fast and does it well. I bet this car is also a blast to drive.
That emulated engine noise sounds awful, or is that just me?
How ridiculous
great sinmple video
This just proves that gas is king 🤭
I like how MKB says "orange".
It’s like getting plant based meat and wanting it to look smell and feel like real meat😅  Ev’s suck they have no range and there’s nothing special about them because you can add all those features that makes it “better” to a regular car
The seat being manual is to get the seat as low as possible, not really because of weight reduction
It's not a bug, it's a feature
You would do a review on nio
I saw that two months ago. This is completely ridiculous. Trying to emulate the sound of a gasoline car. Virtual reality. Nothing real. Could they just manufacture electric cars that won’t cost a bundle repairing the tons of sensors that will break in 5-6 years?
Are you able to look into vehicle infotainment privacy going forward?  Which brands respect privacy? Which brands siphon data from your connected phone and send along with driving black box data to 3rd parties, data brokers, insurance, etc?
hyundai is the only comapny making cars that you can call "cyberpunk"
I'm sorry when you show the tach when your "reving", wtf was that noise lmao? Sounds like some one riffing on a piano.
As cool as this EV is, this is the kind of car you buy and drive for a few years and sell it before something big breaks. Best part about leasing is you know how much money you will lose.
Regardless of the quality of this car, or any others, I wish you would stop calling it "sick."
Get this hooked up to AngeTheGreat's Engine Simulator STAT
Don’t be a poser, just buy a gas car
Should have been a hybrid.
Resale price after this video 📈
Idk why but I feel like the Auto Focus channel would benefit from 360 video...
I'd love a video on the kona. Maybe compare the gas limited trim to one of the EV trims.
over 600hp and 2.9 sec 0–60 is crazy for a hatchback
Does my seat and steering wheel vibrate tho?!  Does it torque steer when you put your foot down?  It's a MacBook with a steampunk skin not an Analytical Engine.  It's cool but 100 years to soon imo. It still weights like 2 real hot hatches. If you want a hot hatch get one. If you want a Tesla get a Tesla.
This is like buying a blow up sex doll, and it has a mode where it occasionally nags at you to take out the trash.
I just want the normal ioniq 5 with the performance package. All this weird colors and sounds and body panels is just too much for me but I would like the extra performance.
Fun fact: the manual seats are so that you can sit lower. And still have heated *and* ventilated seats. Esp the latter turned out to a lot better then I expected, and it was a nice touch while I sat next to Misha on the Nurbürgring
Marques gives off N energy 😏
This might appeal to the american bad taste
Like a vegetarian dish with meat seasoning 😂
LOL this the EV for American！
why dont you review chines ev cars
Practical? Nope. But it seems like a lot of fun.
Man, I was really hoping for an EV with a 6-Speed manual transmission.
Review your Porsche
There was a movie with Kevin James years ago where they made an electric car sound like a V8 and now it’s happening!
Can’t wait to see how bugatti will desigb their full electric vehicle
Because of this car, now other car companies will shift to electric and add those gas car features for car enthusiasts…
How does it measure up to M3 Performance?
Modern day MK2 Golf GTI
hyundai are geniuses. THEY UNDERSTOOD THAT to be a successfull ev conmpagny. you have to also become a software compagmy LIKE TESLA ; what do you think marcus ?
can you do the Volvo V60 T8
didn't some bmw cars, like the i8, used to add fake motor sounds in the back that were more fun to listen to?
Why not just put a petrol engine in it…. 😂
Splendid car, period!
Why why why doesn't a leading car maker just offer a low cost, high range EV with a 30 minute 75% fast charge ??.....instead of adding ridiculous features and lots of bloated nonsense.
Who the fuck thought those handles make any sense. I want something I can actually grab, not some weird plastic car door boner.
when are you covering the G-Wagon 580?
I’m pretty sure u heard what Elon said about Chinese electric car companies, but u haven’t reviewed any of them, wonder why😌
I can't be the only person who's wondering what's going on with that damn helmet why is it even in this video?
What is up with you and the "N"
That is....fast charging...? 🤔
Hyundai please just do this but make it a hybrid electric! I want to still be able to use petrol but get the benefits of electric cars (like longer range) I’d buy day 1
Don't like the interior. Overstated and tacky.
I dont like the red lines. Too glitzy cheesy.
got a notification from youtube RIGHT NOW, even tho the video was 3 days old. The heck youtube?
In 1899, When people were transitioning from horse and carriage to automobiles, an auto manufacturer attached a fake wooden horse head to the front of the vehicle…it was named the “Horsey Horseless”…. This feels similar  😂
this is future
Cool car but hate the Beam NG Drive sound effects lol
I mean there is going to be a group who really enjoy this. Not for me but I'm not going to knock anyone who is all about this. However, if we could mod the sounds and just make it sound like anything? Now that could be fun. Imagine being able to Rickroll people as you drive by but the tempo increases/decreases with reving. Just stupid as it gets but I'd laugh if that went by.
Always funny to see Harrison or Jersey City in these car reviews.
Only 200 miles ?!!! No no no. Was all in till I saw the range. What’s it going to be come winter??!! That 200 will be like 160!!!
So, the manual gas cars evolved into AMT for ease and now the motorized EVs 'devolve' to imitate the manual gear shifting cars? What am I missing here?
They made it so real. People starting to refill it with gas instead.
too expensive for a fucking electric hot hatch, wtf they thinking.
I find this idea of imitating an ICE car hilarious. For me the EV drive has fixed all kinds of problems and drawbacks of combustion cars. But hey, if it sells more EVs, who am I to judge. (but then we'll keep hearing the buyers complain about the trash range)
I think this is pretty cool. I like how EV tech can now give us cars with very different feel.
Amazing car 🥺🥺🥺
sounds like assetto corsa
https://youtu.be/3KZy3NSqnkg?si=286ANPjeDJSRwbW3
Dealers marking this up to 80k plus are on something though!
This is the coolest electric car I have ever seen in every sense, love it!
First time in a video when I wanted Marques to actually stfu and give a full demo of how the car sounds while driving. arghh
The price is insane.
The car id like to see reviewed is the Aptera.
Through software it can imitate like an ICE engine, however it’s not the real caboodle..
6:59  it crackles 😢
The sound imitation is on auto tune 😂😂
I feel like this is a great way to do a performance EV. Have a very well done combustion imitating mode to give people the sense of a combustion car! Now if an EV could have some sort of true manual mode, that could win some people over!
This is the car that will make other manufacturers go… “Ahhhhhhhhh…. We can do a lot more than we think with EV cars”. The next generation of EV’s are going to be wild 😎😎
Lighter than an M5
This car got one drawback. it costs 75.000 Euros. Lmao. Might as well buy the fully electric porsche 718 next year for that money and drive circles around it.
Sound, OK for petrolheads, but it sounds really fake, cheap synthesiser-like. At least put a nice muscle car V8 sound in there.
0-60 2.9 secs! wtf 💀
saving weight in electro car :D "N Pedal'' OMG :D
Range and price are the only points that miss for me. make it under 55k and closer to 300 miles of range and id be all over it.
I love the idea of an EV that feels, sounds, and handles like a gas car... I just wish they would've gotten better sounds for it haha.
It’s still crazy to me that Hyundai of all companies is trying to make the “cyberpunk” styled EVs.
I’m in Europe and around here it looks like someday it’s all going to be electric. If that’s the future we will live in, i want this big time rather than a shitty electric car that can only accelerate very fast.
2:21 You didn't mention what are these. Only armrest? It looks more than that though.
60k+ ><
still amazed how good the name of this channel is haha
Obnoxious that Nissan did some of these things RIGHT when I bought a new one (2016 Altima) - they added in a fake shift to their CONTINUOUSLY VARIABLE transmission - but I couldn't turn it off... specifically bought Nissan because of the smoothness of the CVT and on the test drive I didn't feel the need to test THAT, because Nissan has all CVTs and they're famous for being smooth accelerating... so I had to deal with that until I bought my Tesla Y in '22... so obnoxious
This is so fucking stupid. But perhaps it’s what Republicans need. If so, I’m on board.
Why not show a test drive?
They need to make one with a manual shifter, I’d buy it
Have they resolved the battery replacement fiasco?
$70K for fukin' Hyundai? They r out of their mind.
Such an ugly car.
Hyundai did a great job with this. I just don't love the look or the color and I don't really like the rims either (prefer black, simpler). For example, the origami front end is cluttered. That crease on the side looks like bad geometry (3D Modeler language, hehe). The rear end is cool. It's a bit overstyled, generally, a bit RacerBoy™.   Is this thing a crossover? Doesn't look like a small hot hatch. Looks like someone souped-up a soccer mom crossover. Not a fan, but maybe it'll look better or less large in person.   The interior and wheel controls look good. Not sure my phone would fit in that charger. No Supercharger access yet, but we know Hyundai has signed up for the NACS so that's coming. Hopefully the charge port is in a reasonable position to use the Superchargers later on.  The dash is amazing, like an Aventador. Very nice touch by Hyundai. Manual bucket seats in the Hyundai. I prefer my motorized seats in the Tesla.   This is also pretty expensive for 66k. A new Tesla Model 3 Performance is $54,990 without the Tax Incentive with better range and access to the Supercharger network now (and fastest charging for any EV).   Good idea by Hyundai to add 'engine noise', though hopefully there's an option to turn that off. Low-hanging fruit is to have different downloadable/purchasable sound profiles, though I would imagine Hyundai thought of this already. I love the sound idea, and that comes from the outside as well. Hilarious.
I'll pass.  Appreciate the video
pls explain- 'not a fast charging car either"!!! which car are you comparing it with???
buy Hyundai my company monitors their data and car parts
What are you shooting with tho… What is happening to your beard 😂
You Gotta test the 500e abarth 😂😂
I waiting for the 2025 coming the new and more powerful Hyundai Ioniq 6 N model!. 😎
It really doesnt look good, charges slow, has really bad range, and the best they can do is add a gymic to make it act like a gas car... Performance model 3, or an actual performance gas car like an M3. This gymic is dumb.
I want!!!!!
You actually excited to review this car. Good to see.
cool
In our family we get a n for farming
I love Hyundai bringing the playful energy to everything they are doing at the moment. It really elevates their cars above some of the beige boxes on the road.
Nothing worse than hearing an American pronunciation of Hyundai 🤢
this youtuber pretends to be an honest one
Physical buttons and Wireless Android Auto/Apple Carplay and a mode to simulate a gas engine?. It seems like they've really thought "what people like?".
Does it look bad or BAD?                    Yes
Stop shooting with smartphone please 🙂
8:55 at rev limit does it oscillate the torque to emulate bouncing the engine off revlimit multiple times a second?
Does it have adjustable shocks like the EV6, or no suspension settings like the regular Ioniq? Can the EV6 reach the stiffness of this N?
Hi yon daii not Honday please. Much obliged.
Fake sounds are embarrassing af
All fake. This is so grotesque. What the fucking point.
Ultimate stupidity, can you emulate steam machines and horses also…
Need to check out the new Citroen cars
The backlights, this is a problem you could focus, yes it is because of the video framerates and exposure time it shows like that, but I do find these flashing lights iritant also for plain eye.
It’s has a lot of “manual” capabilities but the price?! Come on. At this point  I might bring back 1971 challenger from the carport!
210 miles only ?
for years i been saying ev cars have no soul. this is the ONLY EV cars i am hyped about and hope to trade my elantra N up to in a few years if they are still being produced. fuck that model 3 and more range. this is a car that hopes to attract actual car enthusiast ill get a prius if i want range.
The Hyundai website says 0-60 is 3.4s
This tech guy pretending to be a car guy.
Is this what Alex was talking about?
imagine supporting a YouTube channel that destroys car companies oh sh** my bad dude , i was too soon 🔜🔜🔜🔜🔜 my bad dude 😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It can imitate a more interesting vehicle.
What happened to your hairline
As a hardcore Hyundai/Kia hater, this converts me. I can’t lie. This is the one that got me.
Wonder what recalls this one will have
“Compelling package for $69k dollars…nice” sent me 😂😂
8:32 supersonic sounds like F1 aha
Was here to just see if Marques destroyed Hyundai too 😂😂
69k???!!!!!!  F that!
Emulating noise pollution is dumb.
why the helmet?
I got a 2024 ioniq 5 limited and I want this car so bad
This car kind of reminds me of some of the cars from the videogame "Inertial Drift".
I see allot of the ionic on the road in the uk and in my opinion they look awful, way too blocky bring back curves!
I always thought these were hybrid 😅
70k for Hyundai ?!?
start stop button in an EV?
We could all use (especially those of us in the market for used 2022 IONIQ 5's)   updates on how bad the  11KW Level 2 home charging situation really is:  Is it so bad, it won't ever be fixed?    How is the class action lawsuit coming along over this feature that seems unable to be fixed with software over the air updates ?
can you stall it?
Soo, Hyundai watched The Dilemma and basically did that?
Trying to imitate a gas car's sound with an EV is dumb. But trying to emulate the driving experience of interesting gas cars and then allowing the user to customize it, is pure genius. This car company is making one hell of a toy for adults. 😁
I havent seen the video yet, but i hope this thing has a bunch of giant haptic motors, and emulates the driver oxperience of different cars. If its not the case, someone should make that
so it's a car that uses skeuomorphic design to imitate a car? wild
The Ioniq 5 including the N charges faster than cars that cost twice as much as  it. It's certainly in the top tier of charging even without considering price.
Remember they used to draw pictures of horses on Ice vehicles to appeal to horse and buggy people 😲
Engine sounds are so whack for an EV.
I would be interested @ 35k OTD.
Instead of a gas hog, this is an electricity hog.  It sure sounds fun to drive though.
Hyundai scouted head of the BMW M division about ten years ago. He brought that gas car nostalgia to Hyundai EV.
every time i see this car it makes me want one
Fun “rental” car!
I like almost everything about this car...except the price.
My immediate thought.....oh this car applies the principle of vegetarians....meat is bad but I want its taste! 😅 😂
SOOOOOO stupid! the car is cool but the fake ICE shit is gross and sad.
200 mile range...yikes! That is very poor! Imagine how much you would get if you hoon it...which is what is what built for!! About 130-160 real world? OUCH! Hard Pass
If I want a car that behaves like a gas car, I'll get a gas car. The fact that you could try to imitate a  gas car you are admitting gas cars are better.
I have an Ioniq5 4-wheel drive and really love it. Would be great to have an N model to play with but I would never use any of the pretend gas car features. To me, the point of an electric is to be able to just stomp on it and go. I love the subtle sound of the electric motors but otherwise the quiet is a feature, not a bug. Anyway, keep up the great reviews.
I'll never see why anyone thinks a hatchback looks cool. It's shaped exactly like a minivan lol, just smaller
That made me happy! I love it
its still one of the ugliest cars on the road.
“This 5N looks sick”   Bro what? 😂
This is as close as a real life video game, no VR, gets
8:27 Bmw does there ev sounds better wither there iconic sounds
Tesla Model 3 P will eat this car.
Boring….  Hyundai is just trying to buy MKBHD. It’s working. Sellout.
Love it!  Wife has an Ioniq6 and it's such a fun car to drive.  This has gotta be even better.
This is absolutely ridiculous! What's next? Fake vibrations and exhaust smell? Followed by fake oil leaks and fake oil changes? LOL!
@AngeTheGreat could make better sounds for them.
The revving sounds sound like they have autotune turned on
God I hope this isn’t normalized. I was so hopeful in a future where loud asf cars, and their obnoxious drivers, stopped being as prevalent with the transition into EVs. Hope the government regulate the fuck out of this.
Well... yeah, wtf
I think the gas imitation mode is brilliant. Obviously it's not going to be for everyone but why not have it available? If you don't like it just don't use it.
An EV trying to not take itself so seriously, and is liked by MKBHD and Jeremy Clarkson.  Sign me up.
The engine sound effects and shifting characteristics are crazy dumb.
this is stupid, just buy a model 3 or y lol
It's so interesting how people rate the N over the main Hi5 despite less range...
I rhought the right shifter said NOS like fast and furious
Can you review the BYD Sealion 6?
it's like having a digital clock and make it imitate analog ones... oh wait...
Can you stall it?
Hyundai really needs to make Ioniq as a seperate brand now.
Hol up, we went the EV road but then ended up having EV looking like Golf 8, and pretending to drive like gas? Isn't that... a bit ironic? It's like inventing a square, calling it better, but then rounding off the corners until it's round enough to feel almost as smooth as regular wheel.
U look a little stoned maybe it’s the pot making u think u like it wait 5 hrs and drive it again
Respect to Hyundai for an making an effort to make EVs more fun!
I’m surprised that the N doesn’t have fake dual exhaust tips.
Stick a Gulf oil logo on it!
You keep saying the range is trash. I beg to differ.. I currently get 250+ miles, which is even using all the modes available to me, and that includes some very spirited driving and NGB
That orange looks pretty red. 😅
So tesla has video games built in for when you are parked, and hyundai has a simulation game built in for when you are driving it?
This would have been great as a turbo petrol car and sunroof
Honda ironic 510
As a lifelong and die-hard car fan (that also works in the industry) I am 100% for this car...it's a fantastic product that looks, goes, and (I'm guessing) feels great. The innovation in the EV space now interests me far more than ICE, and I can't wait to see what's coming down the pipeline. Props to Hyundai/Kia for doing something new. Great vid, as always.
That's so stupid
The ioniq 5 is what got me into looking at EVs.  I really wanted one.  However due to lack of supply and price gouging I looked elsewhere.   I still love them and the 5 N is great still as a second enthusiast car.  If this gets the Never EV crowd into EVs so be it. However as a daily driver it lacks 2 major requirements: NACS and FSD. Also I guess I am not a fan of the plastics used in Hyundais.
Those external sounds, whether designed to be fun or whatever. It serves as a SAFTEY ISSUE so pedestrians can hear there is a vehicle approaching. I almost got run over by an electric truck while crossing a street. It was moving way over the speed limit in a small town on a two way medium busy street. It was quiet. The landscapers and noise of other vehicles were the normal sounds. The quiet nature of an electric vehicle should be discussed among the safety issues
They put a rear windscreen wiper on it!!!!
Love the way it looks, but the range is a non starter
beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep beeep
Hyundai have been making some cool cars lately, just too bad they don’t last longer than 50k
Supersonic sounds like the engines from the gamegube hotwheels game
The most exciting EV out there. Amazing driving experience and looks badass! The people who worked on it are driving fanatics
Except if a Little Pebble hits the bottom of your car and then you have to give 30 to $50,000 to repair it. Forget about this brand
No thanks .. I don’t want my Tesla to be anything like a gas car. It’s like going backwards 🤣🤣🤣
Ermm Ioniq 5 can charge up to 250kw .... error in your research?
I just don't trust that Hyundai and Kia aren't using cheap parts across the board
Which phone was used to record this video? The front camera is pretty rough; maybe it’s the sun or whatever but marques’s hair and beard loom unnaturally sharp
Americans won't understand that car
68k to go only 210 mileS gtfoh.
Plate is 54 DTM for everyone
This car reminds me of the Kevin James movie The Dilemma (2011).
Fuck them cars bro BYD baby 1000plus mile range for a fraction of that bogus Hyundai 😂😂😂😂
Oh thats hideous
The supersonic mode sounds like a vacuum cleaner 😂
Great car but very bad range…double the range and more people will jump in
EVs have failed. Used Tesla's in The UK are going for 20k and they are barely 3 years old😂
I like this car but It won't look like that in a few years.   Hyundai is always depreciating past models of cars with new body styles.
210 miles of range for 69K? No wonder Tesla wins all EV car market.
Besides those gimmicky sound simulation, you did not even mention about the most important difference, this car can last 5-10 times longer than any other EV in a real track! because how good its heat dissipation system is, while all other EVs can do one loop, this car can run 5 loops, that makes this EV a whole different animal
No
Range is horrible but the design is nice
This actually makes Teslas appear boring. This Ionic feels like a cool toy. It's like playing an emulator, but with an actual car. So fun.
I want $70,000 go karts  Give me a $10,000 go kart dammit
Cool video. but how many times he turn the camera to himself back n forth 😂
I have heard the EV market is down right now. Dealers can't move them, and the used prices on some are 50-70% of retail. Can you address this? Is this true, and if so, what impact will that have on future EVs?
It would be awesome to make it sound like a Mack truck accelerating
This is an expensive ran racing Sim that also happens to move
I'm sorry, this is peak stupidity, and anyone who thinks differently lives there with it.
Here's a car, we'll get to that a little bit later Look at these wheels, more about those in a minute See these buttons, I'll tell you about those in a sec  😂😂 Keep us waiting Marques, love it!
69,000… nice!
0-60 in 3.1-3.3 secs bud. Teslas are the only one with 0-60 at 2.9
Background: BEEP BEEP BEEP BEEEP BEEEEEP!!!!🚚🚚🚚🚚
so far this is the most apealing EV to me
68k 😮, i prefer a fully speck Civic or Corolla. But the exterior looks gorgeous
if only it simulated the sound when you start a car 😭
❤️🇻🇳🇩🇪VINFAST is very modern, gorgeous, quality, trendy ❤️.;!
The supersonic sound is supposed to emulate an actuall jet engine, including sonic booms when it "shifts".  I do believe they actually recorded a real jet engine, I just don't know exactly what jet.
Its a hyundai so its an automatic no from me😂💀
I love this idea, and definitely would love to see it in more cars! Like why not, right - it's optional, you don't have to use it if you don't want, but if you like the sound and the feel of an ICE car, but want to get an electric, well this kinda gives you the best of both worlds. What's even cooler, is if this kinda thing becomes popular, I can see people customizing their sounds and power curves to emulate a bunch of cars - porsches, ferraris, mercs, etc.
70k is crazy.
Phone reviewer pretends to be a car reviewer
The host is so hot. And is a rev head
Nobody wants ev's right now, not like this
The sound of the "gas car mode" 😥🤣
😂 cool car but embarrassing  pathetic
The shifting thing is a legit quirk. I remember driving my first CVT trans and hating it (no shift points). But that styling is SO GOOD. I think Tesla owners need to start adding Oldsmobile or Buick logos to their vehicles cause their design is so old man compared to this!!!!
So its pronounce "unday" 😂😂😂 i thought it was "hayournndie"
Stop reviewing fkn cars.. go review sone phone or something
MKBHD has a terrible design sense. That is one dumb-looking car; dumb sounds for dumb people.
I love it
It´s Hyundai, not Hunday. BTW great video as always!
While I think an electric car imitating a gas car’s sounds is silly, in a world where people have politicized EV’s, it could be good. It might help bring over some of the people that just “need the noise”.
Kia Boys be like, "As long as it sounds and feels easy to steal".
I‘ll get one Q4/2024 or Q1/25, when crypto pays of. This comment will age well 💙
i hope the battery temp readout and manual preconditioning make it to the standard Ioniq5
It's really brave of Hyundai to put something like that together when likely it is applicable or interesting to such a small % of drivers out there for that cash...
review the new beats pill
What you meant to say is petrol car, right?
The regular Ioniq 5 is at the top of my current EV wishlist. I had a Lexus SC400 for a sports car midlifecrisismobile ages ago, and it was fun. This N version's vroom vroom sounds just crack me up, though. Hilariously silly, but probably fun for the target audience.
Love it, it look like a lot of fun :D
Hey VW  !!!  This is how supposed to look VW Golf FULL ELECTRIC !   But no, let's make VW EV ugly and VW ICE beautiful....  😮😮😮😮 Idiots.  PS: Good job Hyundai ❤
Fun fact, the Hyundai ioniq 5 N weighs as much as a ford f150 🤯
This car looks very cool, but I don't understand this simulation of engine sound thing for EVs. Why would you buy an EV if you want it to rev. I can just buy for the same price gasoline engine and get the real feel. EVs have their own characteristic space ship sound and it should stay like that. EVs just another engine option not a replacement for gasoline
I wish they would make it with less horsepower and a 500 mile range. As long as it’s as fast as my Honda Civic I’m cool.
It is like vegan meet
EVs are depreciation bombs. If you really need a new one lease it. The only way to get an EV sensibly is buy used.
6:48 oh my god it sounds horrendous 😭😭 how can we make computer game cars sound so good but Hyundai cant? Its the same basis!
Bro, this thing charges up to like 80 percent in 20 minutes. How is that not fast?
What camera or phone is Marques using for recording?
a gas-car racing boomer designed this thing. It was his precious masterpiece. Obviously.
There are Playstation games with better engine revving sound than that 🤦‍♂
Now, this is innovation!
color is ugly
Imagine if a gas car could imitate an EV and go into silent mode.
Nostalgia for obnoxiously loud polluting ICE cars is not cool!
I love the look
fine looking car, that blue color is fkn ugly tough
Kiddie toy!…😒 Pretty sure you’ll find some in the ditch …
And tech tuber pretends to be car tuber.
you should explore the Cupra Born VZ... Only in Europe but yeah...
What a smart idea Hyundai!
feeling sick after watching this video. I might vomit on my desk...
The range is terrible!  Can you imagine the average person forking over $80,000 only to have to stop every 200 miles just to "fill up"?  These car companies are adding gadgets to cars that make them more of a pain in the ass than a great experience.   My brand new Acura feels no where near the quality of the old 1992 Acura I had for decades.  It feels flimsy and I paid 2x the price for it.  The only thing we're getting for 2-3x the money is HOSED!  F - these car companies.  They don't give a damn about the consumer and when China comes in and takes over, we'll know why!  I think their new cars are stunning!
This EV is an EV but identifies as GAS car 😂
I think the Ioniq 5 is such a great design. I love that it reminds me of a lancia delta. The 5 N is a beauty.
but I mean how is the 65k justified?
The car is awesome... but please... that emulated engine sound. It sounds like a game from the 90's. I would love to have this car, but I would never show that option to anyone 🙂
The car is for me it works on the Nürburgring
$125k AUD, 🤣🤣🤣 sorry Hyundai   WTF are car manufacturers thinking 6 figures for a hatchback is a product we want?   It’s a great looking car, minus the knob head audio ICE emulation rubbish but for that much I can buy two cars. Hard Pass
Too stiff for the road? Every other review of this car from trusted journalists has said the ride quality is very good, and of course it can be stiffened up for track driving. So I’ll believe them instead thanks
Too stiff for the road? Every other review of this car from trusted journalists has said the ride quality is very good, and of course it can be stiffened up for track driving. So I’ll believe them instead thanks
Good Idea from Hyundai, yes. But I can’t help but feel like this sounds like a generic computer generated sound. If you ever played any racing game like Forza Horizon you will know what I mean
Can you redline it? yes: 🤩🤩🤩
Fake lips, fake teeth fake bbl now fake engine 😂
car version of transgender
Car weighs over 2 tonnes ... Holy crap.
THIS GUYS IS A TRASH PROPAGANDIST FOR CORPORATIONS!!! EVERYTHING HE DOES MAKES YOU THINK THE DOWNSIDES ARE NOT THAT BIG AND OVER EMPHASIS WHATEVER BENEFITS THERE IS. THAT RABBIT AI REVIEW WAS A BIG DEAL CAUSE THE CEO FOR THAT BRAND WAS SHOCKED HE GOT A BAD REVIEW FROM HIM.....BECAUSE MKBHD IS NOT THE GUY WHO DOES THAT AT ALL...EVER.       HE LITERALLY SAID HE DOESN'T REVIEW PRODUCTS HE DOESN'T LIKE. AKA NO BAD REVIEWS FROM HIM.
I just want all the options for adjustments 😮. The range matches my suburban so not bad at all.
Marquees !   The reverse beeping from the truck in the background.   Unbearable to watch !
10✖ smarter than Audi Q5
Mentioned that once, but have to repeat: Never have I ever seen better 720p than in your Videos. It's amazing how big the differences in image quality can be with the same resolution
I would really like more EVs to have alternate engine sound options.
sick its like the vegan meat but for cars
$69k cars should NOT have a range of 210 miles IMO... It looks interesting though, but to get such low range for the price... Only city cars should have these low of a range, cars that are going to be used for road trips should have 300+ miles at minimum. No wonder the EV industry is not doing well now...
Hyundai! Hear me out thou... Raise the RPM to 11k RPM and make it sound like an F1 car 🙏
Sounds so much better than the corny spaceship sounds coming on other EVs  *cough cough* Tesla
Spending that much on a Hyundai is a joke 😂
It’s certainly a feat of engineering, but my god, as someone who lives in a city, please do not let that external speaker become a standard!!
Please review Porsche GTS!
THEY TOOK A GOOD LOOKING CAR AND ADDED WAY TO MUCH CRAP ON IT TO MAKE IT LOOK SPORTY.
I think it's f-ing ugly. Would never get seen with that car. It looks like the old Fiat Abarth. A Kona owner😂
Car is fantastic. I really love how it’s an homage to hot hatch enthusiasts. It’s way out of my league $ wise but wow I love this car.
Looks like a handbag
I find the whole "ICE car emulation" stuff pretty laughable. You want an EV, but you still want to pretend you've got the DOWNSIDES of a ICE car? What? I guess some people might like it, but it's not for me.
Looks like future GTI OR Golf R
Imagine it uses something like Engine Simulator from AngeTheGreat to accurately simulate sound. And you can make your car sound like a Bugatti V16 or a Challenger Hellcat.
I’m sorry they can put as many gimmicks in these cars as they want nothing will ever beat the noise and feel of an actual engine.
Ill stick to Tesla. This is ridiculous
I just recently came across the Hyundai N Vision 74. Please try to get behind the wheel of one of those! I love the retro look. Almost reminiscent of the DeLorean time machine.
Had me until 0:58 when I saw SEVENTY THOUSAND DOLLARS
This YouTuber pretends to be an automotive expert and unbiased electronics spruiker
69K you can get a Corvette or a CT5 V Brand new :) but I think this is a very good choice for all those car guys jumping to ev, I think this closes the gap for them
Why do you only review EVs?
I cannot “unsee” how much the Ioniq 5 looks like a late 2000s Acura RDX. I just don’t get why people think this car looks sick from the outside.
Yawn. Stick to phones and AI toys.
Had cybertruck Tesla had imitated the gasoline sound MKBHD would have been very happy 😂
OMGGG!!!! 1980's done with 2024's Technology...... no I already love the original but this N line.....With the sound anddd the ability  to drive kinda manually😱😎🥸🤪🤣
Marques “It’s not out yet, but I’ve been testing it for the past 2 months” Brownlee
So glad to see an EV without the massive sunroof. They’re so impractical if you live somewhere hot, you end up more aircon to counter the heat, then have massive range reduction 🙂‍↕️
I would instantly debadge it
If Hyundai made a truck like this with a gas range extender im buying it
I can’t think of turning those engine noises on for any reason other than a joke.
Time to trade in my 2022 Volester N manual!! Mine was only $35k.
Gotta give them props for creativity.
1:34 I love the styling, too. 😃 Hyundai did a fantastic job with the styling. 👍🏾 8:53 Tremolo. 🎶🎵 Frunk? 🤔
That beard is atrocious
Another disposable 65K EV with limited range. EVs are just like phones. Going to need to be replaced every 2-4 years. EVs continue to be a massive scam being force down our throats by our leftist on the take government.
But it is a nice car, if someone said here you can have it , i would trade it in for a truck and turn it into a RV to live in and travel every were and never pay these evil land Lord anything for rent just my insurance bill and maintenance fees
The California street are f up unless you like driving like a low Ryder, meaning you got to slow down on every bump in the road , i don't like stopping for everyone bump and turn my time is important.
which one of us is colour blind? i see red trim
That engine sound is straight from Gran Turismo 1, midi asf but honestly, pretty neat.
Dodge is wurking on one! B ready!
This has range like a 6.2 supercharged v-8 😂😂😂
This car is cringe as fuck
Design wise I'm not a big fan of all the random red bits and silver trim on the exterior.
This car screams Rocket League
That ICE engine sound feature is so freaking awesome.
Love the look of that Ionic 5.  We considered an Ionic 5 last year, but range, storage, price, charging speed, safety and a others made the choice of a Model Y LR our choice. Have clocked 22,000 km's now and are still super impressed with Tesla.
this car is so fucking sick. i just dont like central console.
Can you still not bring the Ioniq into a carwash, without destroying the paint? I hate the concept the EV "car goes wroom wroom" - It was cringe enough with BMW making sounds.... Just Stop! or buy an old Mustang! It's too cringe.
"This EV Pretends to be a Gas Car!" - it's an EV with gears and fake sounds. MKBHD, the Daily Mirror of YouTube Tabloid Influencer of the year!
Everybody in the comments realizing MKBHD knows NOTHING about cars
Anyone old enough to remember nintendo? This stupid sound sounds like Excite bike,i laughed so hard when i heard it.😂😂😂😂
Loving the cockpit!  Looks like they are really focussed on the driver, so good.  I hate having on iPad screen that does everything.  I also feel iPad screens are more dangerous in a car accident.  Hope more EV's move towards integrating screens into the care and have tactile buttons!  We are humans we want to press buttons and turn knobs.  Big plus is I don't need to even look when I have buttons memorized where they are.  Thank you for a great review.
honestly this gas-simulation mode looks so fun. just imagine more cars have this, imagine driving a typical IVE but have the fun of revving it up a bit in corners, while also not having to care about the insane gas prices. win win tbh, id love to see this in more EVs
Evolution sound WAY better
Looks like an MKBHD colorway! 😅
I like how they put the a/c vent on the side for the rear passengers! Taking advantage of the space for something useful!!
Imagine Tesla software team pitch this to Elon. They call it Paleo Mode.
No thanks. Those sounds are strange
Imagine if they put some real batteries in this. The only drawback looks like. It might sell like hot cake
The fake grill is too gas-pretentious. It can wrongfully cost you a big ticket in no emission zone in Europe.
This car is basically a driving simulator rig on wheels. Which actually sounds kind of ironic.
Beeping so distracting :c
Just by looking up to the apple CarPlay screen, you’re running iOS 18 bêta there 😉
If I could afford id buy
Real life Tron car.
I think this is a a good ev buy for gas th3 hyundai veloster is a good onr
I like hyundai the veloster is nice this is nice too
Yo do you always test cars in Jersey? Our roads are shit man lol
What's the idea behind this? To make you buy EV and not miss your gas car. ..
as someone who has an i20N the N devision is absolutely nailing what cars should be EV or ICE
I’d buy my 5N again before a Tesla any day for my daily D and just having pure fun. Rent a Tesla for long trips 1 or 2 times a year.
The Ioniq 5 is the best car ive ever owned. Top of the market charging speeds. Incredible range in eco mode using a single moter. And possibly the most practical well-designed interior ever made. I've been driving mine for 6 months and still get excited every time I head off the driveway
it DOES indeed charge fast lmao
$70k for 210 miles of range….. cmon.. whole lotta nope right there
I've had my 2023 i30 N, for a year now, and this car gives me hope for the future. If I'm forced to get an EV, I'm getting a Hyundai :D
Is like moving on with you new relationship but still checking up on ur ex. lol. Funny though
lol the sound is through speakers
Marques is by miles the best Phone reviewer and the most boring car reviewer ever on youtube. How can any guy show this kind of duality? no disrespect. i'm an npc. But u sincerely need to put in more effort on your car reviews
Albert Biermann did a phenomenal on the N's in general and the IONIQ 5N as an EV. Unfortunately he is going retire this year
This channel really needs their research done properly especially when you have that big of an audience.
Wait til the ICCU fails
"under 5000lbs".  Which is about double what a sports car should weigh.
Ew get rid of it
Looks like an 80s japanese drift car kit, love that red accent.  An R34 GT-R for the next generation
Am I going crazy?? I could have sworn you posted a video just like this in the past!!!??
I want this. I want this so bad.  There's no way I'm buying it though. Sad to see the thrash range.
I really hope in the near future this feature will be added to many other electric cars to make them more fun!
Yea.... this car ain't ever getting sold for MSRP now 😂
Tried one and it's hillarious. And the pumped in sound, is SO much better live than any YT video can convey. If I had the money, I would pick up one of those babies today. And my guess is, put it in Normal- or Eco-mode and drive like a sane person, you would get OK range.
Well well welll. How the turn tables…..
When will you do the vw id4 model?   This is the 2nd video for this model, but without the car noises.  I would love to hear your take on it.
It's silly at first, but I kind of liked it
Bro sounds just like Pole Position on the Atari.
what the fuck are up with all the colors loll. Blue, orange, black? jfc
This is the weirdest, coolest, most pointless thing I've ever seen and I kinda love it. lol
I test drove this car a while back in a Electrify Expo thing in Long Beach CA. I never have felt such buyers remorse from my Tesla Model Y Performance the way i did after this. Ive only had my model y for like a week when i test drove this thing. :(
does it sound better in person? because through the video, it doesnt sound great...
That is an incredibly cool looking car!
Is it just my age, or does this car look like its waiting to go into the paint booth!
I hope these drop in price like crazy in 10 years. I already loved the look of the Ioniq 5 an I love driving a manual car. I want this.
The fake sound and rev is so stupid :-D
That fake engine sound is terrible man. It's gta level sounds.
It’s so convincing you’re going to pour petrol in the charging port.
TOO Expensive.
So even cars are trans now? We're doomed
Just drive an ICE car bro.. beyond meat of car is accurate. lol
Not sure what was up with the camera settings fir in the car shots, but you do come out a bit orange. Some WB issue, or not correcting for evening sun I suspect. Either way it looked weird.
We gotta talk about what camera you're using, and the filter lol
Hyundai is crezy enough to try this. Bravo
Its Trans-ICE
Worst color I've ever seen on a car.
Hyundai starting at 66k, who is buying this?
Whatever equipment you're using to record this does your skin tone incredible justice.  Meaning that it matches reality well
my God $70k
Man your beard sucks nice car
This YouTuber pretends to be competent at reviewing cars.  Not the fastest charging car? My ass? It’s 800v feed it from a proper charger and not a Tesla suc and you get in excess of 240kW
I have charged it Europe with over 260kW!
If you don’t want the benefits of a EV buy a gas car. Will end saving money
if hyundai can demonstrate at least one advanced/pro race track driver that still laps consistently faster in the fake manual mode after training long enough on both modes, then I'll believe its more than a gimmick. to my knowledge, every EV race car uses two pedals and a steering wheel and applies blended regen on the brake pedal. I would understand more the desire to have a fake h pattern shifter and fake clutch pedal for the manuals nostalgics, but fake DCT doesnt turn me on. maybe in a twisty canyon road?
People that can't drive the limit of grip acting as "experts" and doing reviews when they know little to nothing is a bit sad. You know as much about cars as I did in elementary school, you can ramble off specs and hold a camera.
As a motorcycle rider, manual car lover (touched my first automatic after 20years if driving) and two pedal single speed EV lover, I dont think there's anything wrong with an EV's ability to be always "in gear" and offer you 100% of the torque, and blended regen braking on the brake pedal. I hate automatics but still drive one as a sensible long trip three row crossover but it doesnt offer any fun because its too disconnected, and I wouldnt drive an ev without regen on the brake pedal because I dont want the car to break when I release the accelerrator pedal I want all the control I can have over the vehicle...as long as it makes sense like front/rear brake control is useful on a bike, but on a car one pedal and ABS is better. I donr see a reason to make an ev that will stop acceelerating /hit a fake rev limiter if you dont upshift. but I find being able to control regen through paddles useful so in the end its kinda gimmicky but its just software, two paddles and a speaker so if people want it why not offer it as long as you can disable it. Also as a car that is capable on a ractrack, I understand the value of knowing which gear you're in + hearing fake rpms while braking or initiating a corner. its about giving you reference point to instantly know your relative speed compared to previous laps. I just think copying gas cars is probably not the best way to do it. maybe a very large HUD  showing your speed and perfecttly readable in any driving conditions would be more logical/useful than fake downshifts, and controlling your accelerator pedal or use TC instead of upshiting out of corners.
the range is a joke...
me: looks kinds ugly and stupid Marques: no notes on the looks yet another example of why reviews should forget the design section. just show us all the angles so we can judge for our own taste. arbitrary fella on the internet can not tell me what looks "good".
This car looks so ugly...
How did you not pick up on the fact that the aesthetics of the car are in the style of "Transformers", matching it's spirit?
That's fucking neat.
Just dont get any scratches on the bottom or the warranty is void, right!?!?!? That stinks they are making really good-looking EV's
If that was all black with the orange ascent that would be pretty cool.
manual seat adjusment? sign me up.. more physical button please..
i want a ICE car that makes horse noises joke aside i do think this car is neat though i personally still prefer other evs
Open source car operating system
CONGRATULATIONS ON 1 MILLI SUBS ON AUTO FOCUS!!!!!!
“ SICK” is suppose to mean good right ?  Surely sick can not mean good it’s disgusting.
With that you can go on track for 70k and compete with Porsche, Ferrari, etc... Super cool!
This would look great with Ronal style aero motorsport wheels, like the Lancia rally cars of the 90s.  Not the fastest charging? isn't it 800v 350kw charging? If you're getting slow speeds it's the charger you're using. Have you seen the Nurbugring footage of these hooning around? They look awesome at full chat. Good for 2 laps of the ring and then a 20 min charge to go again. That sounds good to me.
Making an EV act like a gas car is so cringe.
I love this car but waiting for the 6N that’s gonna be crazy.
He should’ve driven it ☹️
I will refuse to watch sellouts...
who else immediately scrolled the comments to check if there's dispute concerning Marques' comment on the 5N charging slowly 🤣
Imagine Thomas, James, Jason Cammisa, Jeremy Clarkson, Jason for EE reviewing the Pixel 9, Samsung G S2X or the iphone 14... Done? Exactly the same ridiculousness to see Marques reviewing "any" car... I mostly see the videos just cuz it is kinda fun... But men it lacks... It lacks a lot from a real car journalist.
How are these companies addressing their car security when it comes to theft? In recent days, hackers have been breaking into people's cars to steal them. The design looks cool. What about security?
Man I’m still waiting on the hit hat hatch Veloster N electric version of this.
I would love to have one of those... EXCEPT.... the fake gas stuff isn't needed at all and it sounds like video game sounds... and the price is ridiculous... i could see that price if they gave a lifetime battery replacement warranty...
I bloody love this motor. When i picked up car, they had a customers one of these ready for collection but it still had all the factory packing and wrapping on it, as he wanted to do the "unboxing experience" himself 😅
Am I the only one hearing slurry speech? Or is it my bluetooth? The sound is definitely not right.
Saint internet.   The conglomerating. For all the monsters.   Can we get the Tristan walker jay z collab?
🌻
It even has a speaker on the outside so other people -can hear the combustion sound too- are annoyed by useless noise!
Hmm, I love the car, I want to buy a car and for the last month and a half I’m shifting between EV, and Hybrid and so far this one appealed to me. Thanks for the video.
This car is fun to drive!
Bro you need a better title and thumbnail what is this
Now that you mentioned Rivian R3X I really want it to have revs and engine sound as well
Did anyone notice the panel gap on the side of the hood at 1:09 ?
I watched the Throttle House video on this car and fell in love. The gas mode honestly seems really fun
Why do you cover the number plates on some shots and in other shots it’s visible?
I keep looking at this car and can't help but wonder how the styling will hold up in 10 years. The Chrysler Pacifica with stripes look just doesn't do it for me.  Then there's the range that will be seriously limiting on long trips.
Zippy
Does it smell like a gas car?
Cool car. Has anyone told you to shave off those side-burns? Looks horrible, always has! For someone who puts so much effort into things, do yourself a favor and finally shave those things off.
Love the design. I hope they make a smaller version.
"old" interiors, low range, high price, just to have fun with an EV that sounds and behaves like a ICE. Low volume production car focused on minority of people;  basically its like purchasing  a rabbit R1 device, sort of waste of money
I wish I could get this, but its just too expensive where I live. Love it though, and want Hyundai to keep it up! They are killing it with EVs. All other makers could learn a lot from them. Hope they sell out of these.
I skipped fast and realized my man didnt even get to drive the car.
I would get this one in black!
All I heard was this car is fun but you shouldn't buy😂
😴
Cool car 👍
Its so cool fr. Thank you hyundai for making cars appealing to enthusiasts
What does this “N mode” mean for the battery range?
btw it's not Rimak it's Rimac pronounced Rimahz
MKBHD you should get this Hyundai Ioniq 5N as official Auto Focus team car. Is just amazing what Hyundais N division done with electric car, they know how to make proper drivers cars. Great video and keep up with great work 😊❤❤❤  And you can see that former BMW M division boss is working at Hyundai
it's a great car, but the new Model 3 Performance is 20k cheaper with more speed and range. Charges fast though, that was a missstatement!
This guy has no idea about cars!
I love this car for the gas mode
I just got this already and I can tell you it felt like a Mercedez SUV. Talk about harsh EV rides you should try Tesla or pretty much any Mazda 3.
You can hear that the pitch changes has small steps. Like in Test Drive on my Amiga 500 in the late 80s... 🙈
Hopefully they make N Vision 74 some day.
This looks like fun and I'm here for it!
Go down the replacement battery program for the Iconic rabbit hole
You can spec it with a sunroof - full glass roof in fact.
Grabas demasiado rápido cuando no son interficies de apple, no da tiempo en apreciar con lo que dices, con esos cambios de tu enfoque de cara y lueog de golpe a otra cosa, pero luego los videos de apple no los grabas así, son mas pausados hasta puedes ver con detalle lo que dices
With how little of it we hear outside, it's not even a review
Hyundai will forever be goated
Hyundai redemption arc
Supersonic sound would be so nice. Just like driving an f1 car
There is only one thing worse than an electric car, an electric car that pretend it's a gas car.
Utterly ridiculous.  As soon as I heard that nonsense I quit the video.
It doesn’t just imitate a gas car, it innovates the I40N. From the sound to the gears and limiter. Those having driven it on track says it might be the most entertaining EV car.
How many Channels you have ??
Saw this on the street last week. As much recognizable as the ioniq 5 is, this one is even more so. The color scheme is amazing and if you gave me a blank checque for a car right now this would be my choice over any porsche (except maybe the 911) or any other stupid supercar That N ICE mode is goofy as hell, almost like a Gran Tourismo sound and design and I love it. I don't think I'd use it much if at all but it's absolutely hilarious
It's all look and sound.. Fake.
demand I pace, so good looking and with air suspension
This car identifies as a gas car 😂😂
It's a real racecar that can do 2 full laps at Nuerburgring whereas the new M3P can barley do half a lap before the breaks stop working and the battery overheats.
Need for speed has come to life 😂
South Korean engineers smiling while watching this video 😂
Supersonic sounds nice, so futuristic
Somebody tell me why that gorgeous screen has that empty space which makes it horrible for so many years
I'm not a fan of EVs but this is easily the coolest EV in existence.
I love Hyundai, but would die from shame if I used this
Imagine calling a liquid 'gas'
😊😅j🎉😅😅
Add 3rd pedal and a stick and im in
They should consider making a Halo-Game sound effect too. That one sounded like bubbles traveling in space.
Great to have options.  I think a user would do this for a little while and then not use it again.  Could be wrong.
Sun roof in option ;)
Big fan, but let's be real: That audio is lazy.
O - 85% charge in 18mins is pretty fast to me.   And probably  the only performance EV to do 2 laps on the Nurburgring track on full charge.
Check the EX30 please
VR has nothing compared to this video game.. Damn
Ad crazy roadtrips - friend of mine who owns 5N just went from central Europe to Italy and back, 2500 kms, and enjoyed it very much. And although he owns also ICE muscle cars, he doesn't used that sound and gearbox emulation in 5N at all. He just enjoyes the performance, space and quitness. :)
sexiest car ever
Imagine having an EV channel and not reviewing cars from the biggest manufacturer of EVs, i.e China. You need to take a trip to China to broaden your EV horizons.
I own an Ioniq 5 Namsan which is a great car with good range up to 308 miles. It has buttons for important functions, the ride is good and charging fast. My main gripe is the slow infotainment screen, it seems as though it's 5 years out of date. The N is a huge step up in performance which to be honest I don't need as I value my licence...
Not the fastest charging car? I thought it actually was the fastest charging car you can buy right now. am I wrong?
I couldn't finish the video, sorry.  I'm so confused.
This needs to be put in every performance EV, it may be useless most of the time but if you want to have some classic driving fun, this sounds great to have.
This is probably the laziest review of a car I’ve seen on YouTube. I recommend sticking to tech and phone reviews. A lot of info was omitted or outright false. I expect the reviewer to be privy to all the features and information. This, this is just pathetic tbh.
I don’t get the range being bad thing. 200miles is plenty for the majority of people. I needed more than that maybe once in the last two years.
Very nice  But I'm not a Hyundai / KIA Fan
It looks like a VW Golf
they are bulding a Ioniq6 version of it thats wild. As a tipp... there is a video of a german youtuber which has driven this thing as prototype on the Nürburgring, great video
69k wtf?? i would pay 20k max. this is insane
Looks like a Golf to me
KITT, activate turbo boost :)
American car reviews are so dull, "here's your 0 to 60!" "It has this much this much horse power!". In other countries you have mechanics, engineers, and pilots to tell you why a car is worth buying
This thing is so much fun🎉
It's eveautiful!
Couple things. First, the sound is really a imitation. It feels like my oncle trying to "make feels what is like to be at the 24h Le Mans racing" ... Second "if you're a EV enthousiast" .. Yes, I am. So that why I don't want annoying sound coming of my car when I'm flooring it. Also, what's happening when you're trying to listen to music in "N truss me bro I'm a gas car" mod ? And finally .. That efficency.. Wow. Did we unlearn how to make fast but kind of efficent car when drived normaly ? I don't care if it charges at 5000kW .. If I have to stop every hour, it's gonna pisses me off. So for me, this car isn't a smash. Hard pass on this weird idea... Nice try Hyundai, but no.
This is such a cool car. I hope more EV makers put in optional sounds and features like in this Hyundai as it could help more drivers make the switch to electric cars.
Didn't expect that you don't drive in this vid
Are we gonna see a bike review??? I see you teasing the helmet
na it ugly
what's with the helmet ?
it stil EV junk. Compare it with this  1 electric car -watch where you land -watch the range -always drive from loader to loader -plan your landing time during your trip -do not turn on the air conditioning to increase the range -do not turn on the heating to increase the car's range -move at a maximum speed of 100 km/h to increase the range -on the highway, follow the truck to increase the range 2 Internal combustion car: -fill up the tank, forget it Hmm. I think I already know what I will choose
this car is fun and sick.  my fav EV. i clicked to watch cause it was the N   @MKBHD please stick to phones. lol
Just wondering why you covered the license plate in one shot, but then show it on the next shot?
EVs emulating weird pseudo combustion sounds is like vegan sausages trying desperately to taste like meat. 😂  otherwise, it is a fun car.
Can someone tell the construction vehicle to stop backing up? All I hear is beep beep beep beep beep beep beep
If it had a mechanical clutch and genuine motor speed rev counter and a moderate flywheel on the emotor and you could could drop the clutch and do skids, hell yes. But all the noise and BS, no thanks.
'It's pretty sick, and quick... with this weird trick.'
This is better than Toyota trying to put stick shift onto their EV
this shit is ass
70k is wild
so NFS simulator? why cant they just make a car with regular buttons, regular speedometer and body but just electric? no need for all the fancy self driving stuff? just a car that has 400 miles range and good charging speed rather than all this BS? bet it will be cheaper as well and will make Ev adoption faster too!
This gimmick will last about as long as 3d home big screens.
I really don’t get the fake engine sounds. It’s like the fake turbo crack that some manufacturers are using. I think I get the overall mimicry of a gas car in terms of simulating gears etc… but the fake sounds seem pretty cringey to me.
SU7 review video please 🙏🏻
6:46 - The engine sounds like PS1 game audio 💀💀💀💀
How you gonna not actually show us all the cool stuff you describe by driving it!? Also, gotta say I love the idea of fake engine noise, but those three options sounded metallic and comical at best.
Quirky but kinda cool car. Almost $70k, man... not sure if it's car companies, the economy in general, or I'm out of touch with the cost or vehicles these days.
Am I the only ones who sees that they’ve inspired there front lights and this bar by knight rider kinda vibe Pontiac ?🤔
ugly and expensive
I have owned one of these for the last 6 months, and it's easily the most fun EV you can buy right now, Period. (Except for the Porsche Taycan) The Tesla's don't even come close, the Ioniq 5N actually feels like driving a proper sports car, rather then a appliance like the Tesla's, please don't compare them
There's so many things you got wrong with "review" and I've owned one for 6 months so I know. If you are going to try and be like Doug DeMuro I suggest doing more research ahead of time, and not just spend a couple hours with the car.
Can someone tell me exactly when this dude started to understand cars????
Why can't Americans pronounce names correctly😅. Hunday! 😂
Kia Huyndai know how to make customer happy. Cheap, many option. But cut off in engine, body..
So the "BeyondMeat" of cars? bet.
What a stupid car.
$125k AUD down here in Australia. Oooof.
Dummest concept for EVs. They are implementing the performance limitations of combustion cars, with peaky torque delivery, gear changes and rev limiters.
Blasphemy.
3:16 "Not the fastest charging car" It literally charges from 10-80% in 18 mins, at 350kw fast charging... it's literally one of the fastest charging cars you can buy right now
Lost me at 68k for a Hyundai
One day ALL performance BEVs will be built this way! Another Korean 1st! Best bevs by a country mile! Cheers
0:13 If youuuuuuuuuuuu
Cool!✌️
The Ioniq 5 is notorious for 12v battery issues.  It dies quickly and you're stranded
I'm not familiar with v8 sounds but this sounds similar to v8 or any sports car engines in my opinion it's like a better looking car  and better sounding car  and cheaper price than a model s plaid but models plaid is faster and better road tripper  but this n car what people want in the future if big fan big engine noise
lmao I hate it. cool.
200 miles range is not enough and no sunroof. Definitely not for me
Beyond
He reviews cars like he reviews tech. He needs to adapt.
3:18 "Not the fastest charging car either", really? 10-80% (59kWh) in 18 minutes and a sustained peak of 240kW is a lot faster than most 400V cars.  Sure the Model Y can peak at 250kW but only for about 2-3% (in order to hit the marketing note) then it takes a huge nosedive so it doesn't have as much area under the charging curve.  Happy to see an EV for people that enjoy the driving experience rather than one that takes away as many controls as possible in the name of "minimalism" (read: extreme cost cutting).
How is the 510hp M3P faster?   It does 2.90 0-60 and between 10.78 and 10.90 quarter trapping 126mph.   This things pork must kill it.  210 range is dreadful at 68k and no tax credit.       Or Tesla is more like 600hp.
What phone is that recorded on lol
In my opinion, it's among the ugliest EVs that exists...
Come to India and Try Nexon EV MAX.
Meh take. Outofspecreviews was way more excited and really put it through its paces. It even has dual heat pumps for better thermal management. All he talked about was its trying to be a gas car. I know it’s stupid but it’s a good stopgap until people get used to EV’s.
You'd think they'd have gotten the fake revs to not sound quite so obviously fake
Press the N mode the UI becomes black!
Over engineered...
so great, and all the buttons and physical controls? lawdy i want this to be a good car long term
Imagine - instead of just being able to change the SOUNDS it drove like a specific car too…. I’m going to select the B18C5 Integra Type R mode, or the 2JZ Toyota Supra mode, or the AWD Subaru STI mode…. possibilities are endless and instantly the best selling EV of all time BOOM 🤯 your welcome @Hyundai @MKBHD @AutoFocus
80K car? wtf
DAMN! Hyundai N devision has been cookin lately...
Hyundai r&d team having too much fun
Ope not sure if it matters but you show the plate around 2:00 mark
StraightPipes has a great video on this car, racing it. They actually show it instead of talking about it like M.
A lot of people are comparing this to the Model 3 Performance but they shouldn't as they are totally different cars.
Your titles and thumbnails are too fucking vague
Why are EV people mad, just dont use the mode, or you just can't stand other people having fun? Even if its fake drivetrain
All of the European sports car companies that are facing regulations from the EU to push them into EVs are going to study this technology very closely, and will likely improve upon it. This could end up being the most important car of the year.
i hate how iohone is changing your skin tone constantly and none of them looks like the real color lol
Software engineers solving problems that don’t exist
Am I crazy to think the Inonic 5 looks like a cheap plastic toy car? All those plastic elements and the sqares grill thing  is just so off-putting. It looks ok from 20 feet away but as you get closer it just doesn't seem all that nice. Also the proportions are really weird. It's like a hatchback that is bigger rather that a small SUV..
It doesnt look good but its nice
Why is skin so orangish ?
looks like a womens new balance shoe
My guy parked in front of a fire hydrant at 11:06 🙃
All it needs is a lift kit and all terrain tires
1986 movie starring Charlie Sheen: The Wraith; hear me out, reboot with electric car
If you posted a clip about "N Mode" in Instagram, the comments would be way different 😂😂
i love this car
😅 So many complaints about the *option* to makes sounds on top of being an incredible machine. Some of these “car guys” would argue that an electric guitar isn’t a guitar 😂 That’s ok. You hang back and do your thing, we’ll enjoy shredding anyway🤘
Now if only Kia could make this (and a few other Kia models) as the EV6 Stinger trim.
Waaaay too expensive. Hard pass.
I want one SO badly but the range is just such a dealbreaker. Just…have normal range, please!
I thought this would come sooner, mainly in converted old supercars
This looks  like a cross of Hyundai venue and i20 n line versions .. sold in India but mostly i20 in the front 😂
Apple shill
how long does that truck drive backwards is what I wanna know beeeep beeeeeep
I think they've changed Evolution, in earlier reviews it sounded more sci-fi, it sounds a bit more like an actual engine now and a lot better
Shame about the range but that’s pretty dope
I've heard that apparently the manual seats can be mounted lower as well as there's less hardware, so they allow for a lower sitting position
If you’re spending $70k on a vehicle.. I just don’t get why you’d pick this, a brand new Hyundai! That’s so much money. And they have crazy depreciation, it’s a waste of money. You know what else you can get for $70k?….  2021 Porsche Taycan Cross Turismo 2023 Rivian R1S Adventure 2021 X5 M 2023 Ford Expedition Max Platinum 2023 MB GLE 53 AMG 2023 Toyota Sequoia 2021 Durango SRT Hellcat  That’s just a few. Not to mention all the other great cars you can get for 55k to 65k!
$70k for 200 mile range? 😂 Yeah, I'd take a stock C8 over this Korean junk ANYDAY
I absolutely love this car! It wasn't in my budget when I bought my EV6, simply cause I couldn't justify the extra cost of having 2 vehicles but this car is SO MUCH FUN TO DRIVE!
So many people who get cars like Tesla's like to talk about how fast they are. But completely miss the point of the spirit of a car. This is why cars like the Toyota GR86 sell so well. Many performance cars are not about being the fastest about how they make you feel. This is clearly trying to add back some of that feeling.
looks like shit
Did yall notice that helmet on left side mirror at 1:27? what’s cooking Marques?
This isn't the best EV for long range but if you put it eco mode the range does improve by a lot. Not that anyone bought this car to drive in eco. But it is there.
N and they send it to marques I see
Hyundai has always cooked.. From the elantra and volester days.. Even until now, those cars just look sick.. I saw even a stock volester the other day and I was like.. Damn... Not a practical car, but I'd rock that anyday all day.. You don't get that alot these days, except from Hyundai with their ionic 5.   People are just beginning to take their eyes off other brands and realize Hyundai has got something going here.
You should review the 2024 Elantra N
This shows we truly aren't tired of ICE cars.. Yes, they will fade away and live on tracks when a much more flexible generation comes and meets just electric cars.. But this shows they truly are a gem and won't go off soon.
Looks 100x better than the ugly BMW's out there.
I don't get why people complain about this.   People who truly enjoy the art of driving want this, it adds back that feeling of control and skill.    But guess what? If you don't like it, you can just leave it switched off with no compromise.   Options are good. Catering to lots of people is good.
This might be the only EV I’d consider buying right now if I had the money
Great car! Nice you to review it too! I’ll watch your video. I’m sure, you’ve enjoyed driving it.
I wonder if the throttle/gas pedal has any type of feedback adjustment, I drove a standard ioniq, and I felt like I was stepping on air when I touch the throttle, and I hated it, I’m thankful my BMW doesn’t feel like that in EV mode
only a doofus would blow their money on a performance EV over something like lets say a model 3 long range. These performance EVs have horrendous range, esp if you drive them hard, every single one of them is gonna be a sales failure with current battery tech. With an ICE sports car getting shitty mpgs doesn't matter, since you can just fill up the tank in 5 min. Hybrids are the way to go when it comes to making a modern performance car.
New balance car?
Dude seriously?  That shit the fastest charging car in market 😂
Bro!!! I can't be the only one that missed your AF vids!!! You've become the Doug of EVs. I luv it. ❤❤❤🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
If I had money this car would be for me ❤
I endorse the gearbox emulation - this will really appeal and fills a missing characteristic, 'cos there's more to driving through a corner than the anodyne point-and-shoot of all others EVs.  Nice paint.  But Christ, it's ugly AF!
Can you review the Lotus Eletre?
I'm surprised that he didn't mention the braking capabilities and motor cooling efficiency of the Ioniq 5 N. This is a serious track machine capable of flying laps on the Nürburgring for two consecutive laps. What exactly did this video review? It feels so perfunctory.
The only thing this video was missing were the geese.
MKBHD: 69000 dollar...... Nice! 😂
Worst part of it.... It's a Hyundai
So, Tesla is going from 60k EVs to 30k EVs. Meanwhile, Koreans are going from 30k cars to 70k cars.. makes no sense.. whoever is doing strategy for these companies needs to be fired... who wants a 70k K-pop hatchbak?!
A lot of the great stuff of the N-series is thanks to Albert Biermann who unfortunately will retire end of this year (at least I think). When he took over the performance department at Hyundai he put them on the map as an affordable alternative (especially) to the German and American hatchbacks (especially in Germany the Ford Focus and Fiesta are quite popular, and so are their ST/RS variants) with focus on driver enjoyment. He will be missed for sure!
70k na no way🙅🏾‍♂️🙅🏾‍♂️
Maybe it’s just me but I can’t stand the gimmicks. Even as a diehard manual fan, I say just embrace electric and quit trying to be something you’re not in some sad, pathetic and 100% synthetic way. Total cringe. Looking at you too Koenigsegg.
Hmm, this for $67K plus whatever 'extra charges' from a dealer, or a Tesla Model 3 Performance for $56K with no dealer 'extra charges' and no dealer experience at all?
I love the fact that you can change the vehicle noises...over 600hp is more than enough to have fun with
Been following Marques for over 10 years and this is really disappointing how little he knows about this car. This thing is as fast as a Lamborghini Huracan, charges faster than any car on the market is already up and running and he’s acting like this is a Tesla model 3 from 2013 still trying to figure out what an electric car is or its identity . it’s the only performance electric car that has made it 2 full laps around the Nurburgring without a charge, and more than 3 laps with the stock tire tread still remaining(done by no other electric performance car before). This car is an absolute beast and this is not well researched. And honestly, he’s usually never this lazy so I’m guessing Rivian or someone is paying him money
The emulation technology seems cool, but I don't get why anybody would use it. Don't you have to be an adult to drive???
Not sure if mentioned, but this car is a beast on the track. The tesla model 3 performance is a joke by comparison, for that kind of application. If you're serious about driving and want an EV, this is one of the better options.
I like it, still wish it was a hybrid not EV
wow I didn't know the N model was 20k more than standard and DOUBLE the horsepower, actually crazy
That fake engine sound 🤮 and fake shift points 🤮 totally defeat the whole point of having an EV. Linear acceleration from zero to max and quiet AF. Looks great but that gimmick is beyond idiotic. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Does it come with an extra battery?
The supersonic sound option sounds like an electric vehicle in jailbreak
This car is amazing
Were the DRLs turning on and off when entering and exiting shadey areas? Why? That's as dumb as adaptive fog lights
Good lord, FINALLY a positive review from MKBHD. It’s been a while, and that’s from a long time viewer. Although, waiting until the the last 30 seconds to drop the outrageous price was a bit of a WTF…
The fake gas mode thing is a neat little novelty, but why would anyone actually want this?
Real-world 200 miles of range for $68,000? I don't think so.
Interesting innovation....
Can you please review Kia Niro please?
3:17 Not the fastest charging?😂 It is one of the fastest charging EV.
As silly as the whole “emulating gas cars mode” is, i actually think that’s a really cool idea lol. I’d love to test drive that mode
EV is the vegan gas car
Like any sport, timing is important. The noises and feedback to the driver allow them to time their actions around a track. If a car is too quiet and smooth, you lose this feedback; negatively impacting the driver's performance. While it may seem like a gimmick, for racers on the track, this feedback is important.
I just need to know if the Nevera is the #1 car at hiding its weight
Please take it to a racetrack!
So it... reduces the car's performance in order to make you feel like you're getting more performance.
I want diesel semi truck sound mode!
With that kind of range you have to be firmly in the "more money than brains" camp to buy it.
If you money-shift, does it accurately make the sound of catastrophic engine damage while locking up the wheels?
that cell tower setup is W A C K
Such a sick car! But the range 😭😭😭
Wow...  this car is actually cool
And has a horrible range great
Who saw the racing helmet at 4:37
The revving sounds like it’s auto tuned.
That sharpness is too high on this video
I have an E~rton SUV. Not getting close to that. Fair play to Hyundai
$66100, no thank you!!!!!
Hideous. Definitely a teenager car.
When Marques calls something sick then you know it's sick.lol
I saw this car at a drag strip last weekend. It’s pretty sick how it can keep up with 500hp cars.
It literally charges so fast, MKB.
Marquez,   I have a 2023 EV6 GT. I put it on the dyno a week ago. From 30mph, it made 507whp and 664wtq.    I do not believe Hyundai is telling the truth with that torque figure you showed on screen. If you adjust the 507 wheel to the kia-advertised 575hp at the "crank", that would put the torque figure at 730ft/lb. So the Hyundai has to be closer to 800 foot pounds. Would love your input. I can provide a dyno graph if you desire.
Sounds like a great way to learn to drive stick without the fear of crunching your transmission or clutch
Hyundai electric cars are different from Tesla. Tesla's driving distance is fixed, but Hyundai learns as it uses higher power and displays the average driving distance corresponding to that output value. That's why the mileage is displayed so low. And it has the best power efficiency compared to battery capacity and tire size. This is because it is the only company in the world that uses a two-stage inverter, which greatly increases power efficiency. The effect comes out when you select eco mode. It has a range of 273 miles.
Marques is so talented in his reviews of everything.
This car is very pretty. Also, you really don't need fast charging as much as people think. Sure, it's convenient, but not a requirement, imo.
Rrrrrrrr papiiiiii
Rims or wheels?
4:46 haha cut that 2 pound part on top of 1,000 lbs. battery
Its cool, but there is still no soul (well artificial)and no heart.
i need to see the N Vision 74 review
I’m very impressed.  I love my Wrangler and 1st Generation Audi TT Roadster BUT they did good progressive work with this vehicle.
If I ever got one, the first thing I would want to do is turn off all that fake engine noise.
These are the type of experiences all the car companies should be trying. Think about how you change the UI and add apps to your phone. People want their car experience to be better.
It’s an awesome feature packed EV, but in reality you can get something WAAAY better for $66k (starting msrp)
sounds like gas car? lol comeooooon ,, it sounts like need for speed 1 from 30 y ago....
And I thought Porsche would have thought about implementing this feature when I suggested adding the ability to have the gas car external sounds.
Those cupholders are so sick lol
This is one of the ugliest cars out there...fake motor sounds and whatever just clowns it up even more...
1:22 Me trying to figure out if it’s editing🤨🧐
1:53 reg plate change??
That car would be great, for $30k.
I'm glad you actually compared the Ioniq 5N to another EV. I've seen review after review slobbering all over the Ioniq 5N, but not one mentioned that the Model 3 Performance is faster, longer range, and $10k cheaper.  If Hyundai actually wanted to make a "performance" EV, they should go for the definition "the capability of the machine" and not "a display of exaggerated behavior or a process involving a great deal of unnecessary time and effort" with all the stupid, literal bells and whistles. Cuz that's what the 5N is to me. It's an overpriced caricature of an actual performance EV.  I mean, imagine paying just $3k-$5k shy of a base Model S and not even getting power seats? Absolutely ridiculous.
Evolution sounds like a tuned rally car, gee I wonder where they got that name 🤣
imagine if you could download the dlc of a formula 1 car. Or a Porsche or Ferrari. You get the sound and probably part of the feel. Also why not the sound of an actual sci fi spaceship. That’d be hilarious
Can we stop saying gas. It's petrol
The car just winked at me.... several times
2:31 You get the fun and the practicality in M3P.
i really don’t like your main channel but i love this channel and how personal/honest it is, i hope you upload more
and yet! No ones buying EV's any more! We got two of these N's on our lot and there just rotting there next to 3 ionic 6's and 2 non N ioniq 5's....makes me smile every time i see them sitting there rot....its gotten so bad we returned all our electric accessories and made anything for the electric cars special order parts and were nto ordering any more electric cars/parts...only reason we have the current stock is because Hyundai sent us them manditory...we oly ever sold 2 electric cars ffs... Electric owners are generally really snobby too...
This is better than a Cyber Truck to me!
I have a 2023 Tesla MYP and was in the market for a second car for the family. Cross shopped the Hyundai Ionic 5N and the Tesla Model 3 Performance…ended up with another Tesla. The 5N is fun but I wouldn’t want to live with it on a daily basis…it reminds me of the Evo X I used to own in a weird sorta way.
so many people saying they love how the ioniq 5 looks, i think it’s hideous. Cool interior and functionality tho
This is officially what enthusiasts want. Hope other manifacturers get the memo.
those cupholders are perfect.
This came out right after I got my ioniq 6 SEL AWD and I’m a little jealous. The range would drive me crazy but I love the tech inside. Love the exterior of my I6
“N” for “nope.”
Marques - even more comical.  The car will actually lug in high gears and low speeds.  Put it in 5-6th at 30mph, foot to the floor, LUG.  Just like it would in a gas car - it's incredibly quirky and hilarious.
0-60 in 2.9 seconds? No it don’t!!!😂
I love when companies do this kind of stuff, and it's what the future of electric cars need - more fun please!
i genuinely adore this car ! such a beautiful machine !
6:45 Why does this sound like it’s yoinked right from pixel car racer 💀
3:42 do the lights automatically turn on when it drives through a shadow or dark place? Or am I seeing things?
35k car.. These prices are outrageous
See Marques' smile while talking about the imitating gas car feature? That feature is made purely to make you smile, just like that, and I love when technology designers do that for you.
nice
If you want to Test good advance EV’s.. visit China— US has limited and not much options….. Tesla  is like IKEA .. good design low quality
Is there an Ignition (Remix) sound?
ㅉㅉ
Every time a car makes make noises to sound more like something it isn’t it makes me think of my kids making vroom sounds while playing with their toy cars
Been waiting for this one!!
How ridiculous and it's hideous.
Great new fake shit for a fake shitty world. COOL!
Super car performance that you can easily take the kids to school in.
people have no idea how big the N KDM car culture is... though not as big as JDM car crowd.
I want to see you actually drive this ...FAST
How do you put NOS in an EV?
I love that the Ioniq 5 sounds like how cars rev in Gran Turismo 1 or 2
#MAKECARSCOOLAGAIN
terrible high depreciation. You loose a fortune on the day you bought it and the market is tiny for these petrol heads that need a shifting emulation. Sold here for over 6 months already and sales are crazy weak. Terrible expensive too.
All that explanation and not a single lap on a track in this video?
Please test an electric car from VW
"Do you smell the clutch burning?"
The idea of this in the future is beyond exciting. Imagine being able to fully customize power delivery to mimic whatever kind of power or drivetrain layout you want. RWD, FWD, AWD, Turbo, Supercharger, NA, engine size, cylinder count, ect. I don’t ever want combustion engines going away but electric cars have the ability to be utterly incredible
Simulating engine noise is cool and all, but why does it have the 2002 gran turismo sound pack.
Who the hell want a 70k+ car which does not have a sunroof or moonroof or automatic front seat adjustment option with less than 230 miles on a full charge ? 😂😂😂
Probably the first ev that I consider buying, too bad infrastructure is not there yet.
Is there a video of the drive with sound?
everytime he says "This one"
Man, like the sound I think is a Genius
This is and will always be better than the rivian r3x for the simple fact that it mimics a DCT gearbox. This is the first EV with a soul
AFIK seats are manual in order to give you lowest possible seating position, not for the weight.
What phone is that? You look plastic and fake? Is this AI?
Great job on the video Marques! Thanks for making it.
Genuinely great tech involved in this!!…..also will massively help with the motion sickness I only seem to get in EVs. looks like a fun car!!
Maybe it would add to the evaluation mentioning how is the maintenance plan/warranty? One of the purported advantages of EVs is low to no maintenance, against fossil engines.  How are the various companies behaving on offering these plans? Are some of then willing to replace tires for some time period, for instance? Firmware upgrades? Take this EV for instance, we're talking about a $70k sport car for... commuting? It is a very tall order to reach a significant market with this proposition.
Please please PLEASE add km conversions when showing miles or miles/h. A lot of people outside of the US watch your channels too Marques
Its basically similar to vegan meat. Which is a good thing
That sounds terrible
“I’ve been testing for the last two weeks” 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅…
Why the AF logo in the back license plate for a quick second?
Maaaan please select real cars to review and not such toasters from countries that still eat dogs
Basically a toy for 70k
This is amazing
It sounds like an amateur sound-designer making his first version of a dynamic car engine audio lol, I can't believe this.
The Hyundai glow up as a brand needs to be talked about more
Looking like a gti
Range isn't that much worst than my iX3, but sure as heck looks more fun to drive!
This needs downloadable car packs. I want to emulate a 170hp air cooled 911.
The only bad thing about Hyundais is the logo. It is so CHEAP feel
its got that power rangers spd dog colour scheme
What the Dodge Hornet should have been.....instead of that turd that they called the gateway to muscle....lol
I've been wanting EVs to emulate gas car engine sounds foreverrrrrrrrr... happy that this one does such a great job. Hopefully it starts a damn trend
3:17 Not the fastest charging?  You're usually pretty accurate so suprising to see you flub this so badly..
Fake engine noises are the worst.  No thank you
Marques misspoke when you said at 3:17 "car doesn't charge that fast".   It's faster than the Tesla at 10~80% in ~18 minutes.  A washroom break, coffee/fast food stop and you should be all set (given you can find a charging station...still need to work on the infrastructure but it's coming along).  For most, if you have a charger at home, that would cover the majority of your daily commutes.  You can have your gasoline/ICE SUV or minivans for your road trips..
And is also one of the few EVs that2can do 2 full laps on the nurburgring without any issues
Hyundai specified 3.4 sec 0-60. How did it become 2.9 sec all of a sudden?
I think the whole point of this car is the added dynamic chassis control when on twisty roads.
Sounds like the exhaust sounds on Rocket League lol
It's wild that they put so much work into that sound only to have it audibly quantize when revved stationary. It sounds great when it's moving, idk how they botched that one aspect.
Good review, but Marques...this is one of THE FASTEST CHARGING VEHICLES ON THE ROAD.  If you have a charger at home, you're golden for ~80% of most people's daily commutes..
Everything about this car is great... except the battery range
Straight out of Rocket League
My Ioniq 5 has 550 km of Range, I would be suprised this one does have more than 200 miles. The problem is likely that you accelerate like crazy and your range stats are super bad.
It looks ugly as f because of the miss match silver and black plastic look and that flat logo. I have no issues with EV but this looks so cheap and ugly.
Its 73k euro Q_Q
GIVE ME A MANUAL EV!!
Jeremy Clarkson apparently thinks quite highly of it. As a man who hates EV cars, you cannot get much better praise than that. The Petrol Priest. (Look up the article, worth a read) It's a hot EV hatchback. The one we needed. Looks right, feels right, sounds right. Price high put that's to be expected. Who had though Hyundai be making something right like this?
manual EV coming soon??
A Hyundai EV, I would never spend money on it no matter how many bells and whistles it has. At the end of the day it’s a Hyundai
1:52 the change of the license plate was kind of jarring
Only rich people like you can buy one
Too expensive
Wow this review is weird Very different opinion than other car reviewers
Sorry I have to say it...200 miles of range??  Tesla can release a Model 3 Performance that does 0-60 in the same 2.9 seconds and do it at $54,990 price and gives you 303 miles of range.  If you hate Tesla, I mean you have that right but if you are comparing the two and you would purchase either, why would you even buy this over the 3 Performance which starts at $66k and doesn't offer a federal rebate if you purchase it.  I just don't get it.
200 miles range for $80k cdn 💀 someone at hyundai is high af
If I get this car, I think I’d go for the latter 2 engine noises. The ignition for the familiarity, but given that most will know it’s an EV, I think the latter 2 options will be more exciting sounding.
The "tesla enthusiast but not car enthusiasts" in the comments of your twitter post are wild.
Por que?
Hy-un-dai Not "hunday"
Of all the places to film, why is this always the spot?
Battery life should be these companies priority. More Juice! I shouldn’t have to charge my car for 1000miles.
The fact that they are trying to make electric cars sound like  gas cars is stupid!
great content!!! would love to see you review the mini aceman sometime i got to see it and it seems amazing would love to know your thoughts❤
eGMP is literally the fastest charging platform. Fact check MKBHD. Do better
Not the fastest charging car? Like one of the best charging curves out there.
So you buy an electric car... just to have it pretend to be a gas car. Is this really smart or really stupid...
Some purists are going to hate this thing but I think it's too fucking cool. Car manufacturers should do this type of shit more often, amazing job Hyundai
cool aaaasss car
Great, now you can pay extra money to be slow and loud in a car that's supposed to be fast and silent. Who is this for again?
Man. Really want that car. Couldn’t wait for them to show up around me so bought a model 3 performance this weekend.
He said nice after stating the price, noice!
When a generation of Playstation players grew up and became designers and have no knownledge of IC GT cars. Making an EV GT like this is immature and mocking the great GT's of the 70's and 80's (before the fat wanna-be GT's arrived).
Screw Tesla model 3. Hyundai has real buttons and CarPlay.
There are gas cars ?
This car is going to create a generation of at least a good number of people genuinely unaware of ev drivetrains.
I found this fake gear shifting style to be very annoying in a Audi GT and really don't understand why this appeals to anyone
The car its self is cool but wtf is going on with the imitation of a gas car, that’s just dumb. For your money though a Tesla 3 performance is a way better option, nice try though
When are you going to talk about the Xiaomi Su7?
Gut it and put a V8 or Rally Turbo Charge 2-step in-line 4.. maybe AWD definitely RWD Bias
the fake gear shifts would go harder in the IONIQ 6 coupe, they should also let you emulate classic car sounds - give us LFA sounds for sub 60k and it would be fun enough to consider
without a doubt this is the global car of the year.   Great job Hyundai.
Kinda silly. The car looks like a Hyundai. LOL
The color is awful
this is by far the best thing for all the evs
Simulating the sound is tacky.
No removable headrest for the driver and passenger seats? Why!?  The chances are not zero that your car might fall into water with you inside, how would you break the glass quickly? By the time you rush to the back first before you can get the back head rest, you would already be submerged, will not purchase.
Really interesting car. The range is a bit dissappointing though...
Make it do horse sounds while you're at it
This car actually can have a niche of enthusiasts unlike a lot of other cars that other companies make just for the sake of staying in conversation.
The trim is red bruh
08:26 That sounds absolutely stupid.
Less screen more buttons pleaseeeee
It's an EV that identifies as a gas guzzler.
When you’ve been driving a Tesla for a decade anything is amazing.
This is stupid... 😂😂😂 grown men want this?
Christ what a horrible idea. Have been really enjoying my town becoming quieter as people move to hybrids and EVs. And then somebody thinks "Yeah, let's reintroduce obnoxious and now totally unnecessary noise pollution." I'm guessing there will be trouble ahead for this notion: for every kid who needs to be noticed there will be dozens or hundreds who really don't want to hear it fart its way past.
So far, I love what Hyundai did here. The blue rocks!
You forgot about the software bug in N e shift mode. In that mode the car flashes the brake lights when you take your foot off the accelerator and when you down shift. As a result you constantly flash your brake lights to the car behind you. Can you ask Hyundai to fix this and map the brake lights to the G meter?
OK, how do I get the 70k for one?
I realize “range” has become this EV buzzword, but to mention this car gets less range than its more staid version…do you check the range in a Corvette or Challenger Hellcat? No. No one cares what the range, or fuel economy, of gas hi perf cars is.
Is there a reason you never drive the cars for your reviews; just talk about them and sit in front of them?  You'd think a channel named "Auto Focus" would feature some driving in the reviews.
BMW needs to steal designers from Hyundai.
lmao "Grin Boost"... that is awesome! 😄
I was expecting more of this video
the first sound option sounds more like a synthesizer than a combustion engine car
SICK!!!!!
EV has a flat torque line with climbing acceleration.
200 miles is a deal breaker … for the price that’s absolutely ridiculous … definitely would’ve purchased if this was a gas car
Hyundai is basically Samsung
$70k for a Hyundai!  You can buy a real car for that kind of money.
I'm not interested until they add a shitbox mode where it makes a belt squeak noise when I start it up
This is my new favourite EV of all time.
So, you could teach someone to drive stick with an automatic EV, huh?  🙂That could actually be useful.
Is there some cult of IONIQ owners in the comments complaining about such a small under the breath comment? This is a positive review, y'all jumping on such a random piece together in a weird way.
Porsche, BMW and even Ferrari should be embarrassed they are not doing this before Hyundai. Aren't they the one that bank on driving feel/enjoyment? Hyundai/KIA are really making some of the most interesting "German" design vehicles.
Gonna be honest... my biggest problem with this car is the fake-engine system. I'd prefer they give the car a real transmission for changing gears for better acceleration and max speed than recreate the negatives of that transmission and giving you noise.  That said, this car isn't for me. This car is for someone who wants: A) an electric car, B) a noisy sports car, and C) a crossover/SUV. People who want all three at the same time... that... that is a small group of people.
Marques you suck st reviewing cars. Love the tech vids but you always skip the nitty gritty when it comes to vehicles
Hyundai MUST bring back the IROC series with these cars with a celebrity under card race  !!!
This is the kind of fun I want out of an EV! It's all settings so I hope more car makers will lean into this. Like if there was a Mustang Legacy EV and you could just scroll through iconic years and models. That would be amazing!
this car is amazing
I've said it before and I'll say it again, I wish engineers focused on improving more important things such as 1000 miles of range and more efficient motors, rather than focusing on these stupid sounds.
Ioniq 5 is SOOO sexy. But stop with these hot wheels inspired antics
Saturation is too high
you definitely didn't use an iPhone for this video. i love the review though 😊😊
It sounds too computery. They need to licence @AngeTheGreat Engine (sound) Simulator. It's a match made in heaven, such a missed opportunity.
Problem is no enthusiasts want gay ev's
I have this car on GTA 5
I got to drive this car a few months ago, and the fun you have with this cars can not be showed in a video, loved the car!
When it comes to this vehicle, I’m in love with everything but the price.
3:16 it's an Egmp car, it's faster charging than most other EVs
A crazy road trip sounds kind of fun, though 👀
I've fallen in love with this car during the last couple of weeks. It's really cool, great performance (not great range though) and some pretty cool, extra features.
Can't emulate ICE. It feels different. Electric should lean into it's strengths.  The car looks cool, though.
Watch this video again but focus on Marcus eyebrows. Thank me later😃
WOKE MOBILE
This car is cringe af
No matter what, I won't ve buying a Hyundai any time soon.  I know they've come a long way, but hell no.
Best of both worlds
Manual seats >>>>>>> then slow motor seats
Wow I am really impressed by the cup holders.
plug forgot the license plate cover
Throttle House did a pretty good review on this car. That hot hatch look though, so good.
Wish they gave us the euro taillights for that retro look. Come on Hyundai.
The ICE engine sound imitator sounds EXACTLY like that one very crappy android game i played as a kid. It sounds like hot garbage. Otherwise a sick looking car. Not sure about reliability but i would expect it to be damn reliable for that price.
Still waiting for $10000 trucks and cars like lucky china people
Can it imitate the sound of a spun rod, from the no load RPM?
Imitates the weaknesses of fossil cars.  Sigh.  😒
Are we just going to walk by 11:06? NICE
"Looks great, looks good, solid design" ** Proceeds to show a Transformers turd ** MKBHD share with us what you're on. Sounds like a good time lol
I hate hate HATE fake stuff. Like fake intake vents, fake hood scoops, but most of all....FAKE ENGINE noises. Its even WORSE when there is no gas engine at all. This is just terrible. Not to mention slower and worse in every way.
This EV pretends to be a gas car is just as lame as men pretending to be women.
@AutoFocus You say this is "not the fastest charging car either". While true that it isn't the fastest, it is one of the fastest charging EVs there is: 10-80% in approx. 17 minutes - if the infrastructure is up for it.
Almost like Gulf Racing colours with the blue and orange
"Not the fastest charging car either."  Excuse me, what? Thats the main Korean party trick, they charge faster than any other EV today
At least Hyundai is trying to make EVs fun. Same could be said for Lucid or Rivian. At least, in my opinion.
Going to have super low sales numbers given the target audience, but kudos to mfg thinking outside the normal ev box
That is a pretty cool party trick. Since it is really all in software, they could bring it to a more practical model just for the "fun" of it. 😆
The thing I find funny is that Hyundai could’ve chosen any car for their imitation sound, and they chose a 4-cylinder sound lol. They could’ve used a top trim stinger or G70 turbo V6 sound that’s a lot nicer and yet they chose the Elantra N sound.
They really need to just hire someone that has done sound for racing games. These fake sounds are awful compared to most things in Forza/GT.
This feels like vegan chicken or alcohol free beer
This or ev6 gt?
They have to emulate gas cars because they know evs are boring and have no personality
To complete the simulated street rocket feel, maybe Hyndai should produce an IONIQ 5H, a 5N with an actual 5 speed shifter.
Meanwhile every OEM spends millions of dollars on NVH to make their gas cars quieter. Now they’re spending money on making EVs noisier 😂😂😂😂
Hyundai's N division doing some good things
I think EV's emulating gas cars is dumb and I love it.
I turned it off at 200mi of range.
So this car is made for N people 🌚
This thing holds up better on the track than the new Porsche Taycan facelift.
It pretends to be a VW Golf R. Hyundai copied VW’s body..
I'm sorry. I love most of your videos Marques, but this is worst way to showcase this type of car. Having not single word from driving experience, no sounds as you accelerate, no showcasing how paddle shifters work while driving, etc. I mean, I could read about this shit on the hyundai page. But giving us at least SOME impressions while driving would 10x this video.
This is the best looking sexiest car I've seen in a while 😅😍😍😍
I would love to see the new Rivian R3 Hatchback when its available
Miles.......😊😊
I’m sorry but you said it takes a long time to charge it does not it charges from 10% to 80% in 18 minutes. When I charge my car, I usually plug it in and leave before Chevy EUV, BMW i4, and Mach GT. I've driven my brother's Tesla Model Y, and even that takes 30-40 minutes to reach 80%. Hyundai definitely charges fast, especially with the 350 charge ports. Even with the 150, it somehow reaches up to 200 watts. It's important to do your research on charging times.
the ioniq 5 look is getting dated
Oh god. This makes me sick..
🤦‍♂️
3:19  Uh sorry? The ioniq 5/5N is one of the fastest charging cars on the market... You must have mis-spoke...
Some stick shift people love that feel .
Love it!
Hyuandai is innovating
Misses the opportunity to say "n-word" instead of "n-stuff"
Lines are similar to a VW Golf. Thanks for the review.
WOW!!!!!!!! Ahead of its time!
But also I want hondai to make a mid sedan ,maybe suv typr of version if this car. Mercedes sedan ,range rover ish type of suspension-would definitely buy
Even though I have power seats in my daily, I still prefer manual seats. It's faster to adjust
Best EV's (under 75k) (not including range) 1. Hyundai 5N 2. Kia EV6 GT 3. Tesla model 3 Performance  (Including range) 1. Tesla M3P 2. Kia EV6GT 3. Hyundai 5N  Knowing you choose Horsepower and looks. So Hyundai or Kia for me! Agree?
no way he didnt properly show how it sounds from the outside
"Doesnt charge very fast" Eh? Isnt it 350kw charging?
wtf that is the most horrible sound inside...
I feel like every EV should have a gas car imitation feature.
Undoubtedly one of the best modern cars. A true game changer.
Was considering this car but had to go with the Model 3P.
I don’t hate EVs at all, I actually really like them, but there hasn’t been one that I’ve ever wanted to own (aside from the Taycan or Lucid Air Sapphire but that’s expensive). This particular car is so appealing to me, and I couldn’t care less about if it had sound or not, I just want a fun car to drive. Seeing fun EVs like this or the incorporation of hybrid into popular cars makes it way more appealing than it’s been before.  Edit: The “supersonic” sound reminds me of the weird and whacky cars that the Ridge Racer games would have. This car seems like a video game car in real life, which is so cool to me. I can see some getting extremely mad at it.
This, or its successors, will be my single forever car most likely. Currently own a '23 brz and a '06 awd hatch shitbox, but I've seen the 5N rip it on track, and its size seems really practical
Am I the only one that hears a constant beeping in the background during most of the video?
This is what I've wanted EV's to do ever since they became mainstream, they can literally create and simulate any engine sound they want to create thrill and connection with the car but no one else is doing it.
This is the equivalent of PS5 controller haptics for cars.
“Range is TRASH”😂
How is this "not the fastest charging car"??? What the hell is faster? This is Taycan territory
2 italian guys made a kit for tesla of gas car sound/behaviour. It is a light year ahead than this on Hyundai. They've made a copycat of the Ferrari V8 or V12 sound, or a Dodge Hellcat sound, and many others with shifting feeling, too. Amazing.
You should also review the Veloster N
It always sounds like a bad computer game in videos. I would like to know if it actually sounds so bad when you drive it!
I see a helmet. I hope you review some motorcycles.
Josh Zerkaa is smiling from ear to ear
It's always nice to have an option despite how ridiculous this car is
License plate is still in the video not sure if that was suppose to be censored, just giving a heads up! Much love
Marques “I’ve had this the past few weeks” Brownlee
is it an iPhone 15 pro or pro max in the center console? because there doesn't seem to be much space for a large phone
210 miles for that price?
What?...No Apple plug?
Can you test the MG4?
If this was out when I shopped for my P2 Performance I would be driving I5N instead.
Meh. It’s a Hyundai and they’re known to be scammers. No thanks
So Hyundai makes fake engine sounds and gear simulation but when Dodge does it people hate it? 🤔
1:52 Ionic 5 AF 🤔
What’s annoying is that this could be OTA update to every Tesla, Elon just chooses not to.
The fact that Hyundai is putting in the effort to make EV "fun" is awesome.  If this catches on and is perfected, a whole new segment will open up.  I'm thinking better sounding and realistic engine sounds. Maybe the option to download new sound packages. 🤔
A bit OT, but sort of related: Looking forward to Marques reviewing the MBux Sound Drive, that looks sick
My only nitpick is the pronunciation of Hyundai
Lol sounds like( excite bike) the video game.  circa 1990. Nah
I hate everything about that thing. But to each their own I guess.
I like it; i think it's fun, and it can be turned off. I think people are making too big of a deal of imitating a gas car, but some people like that drama and the feel of skill determining output of the car. The one thing I dislike is that the noises can be turned on externally. That's objectively bad because EVs being quiet are a huge perk.
All the electric cars are awesome and amazing until there is an issue and you take to the manufacturer and they abandon you. The only exception is Tesla who have been in this business for over 10 years and they make all of their cars the same way so all the parts are available.
I wish Chevy didn't discontinue the Bolt and made a "GTI" or "R" version of it. EVs are just fun to drive, and I look forward to the day when we start racing them, too, so we can finally get more performance-inspired EV models.
It sounds like a SNES racing game when it revs.
I think the styling looks a bit too "let's try to look like a modern car, add ALL the fake things and thingies!" but it's actually boomers designing it, using cheap interns who don't have any creative freedom.
What a crap...
Rob Dahm got to drive this on track at Leguna Seca, and the 'N' driving dynamics along with the design (suspension, aero, etc.), seemed to make a big difference. Even the sound for that additional feedback lol. The designer even mentioned that they use the brake regen system to help control body roll weight transfer, so it's cool they are still putting as much N racing DNA into an EV as possible.
What next? Will they add a gasoline smell to it?
I would buy the car just for the manual seats! Hate motorized seats in a fun car.
Do you have any videos that are Hybrid? I'm not ready to be stuck out in no mans!  And price is a killer to go around the block. Thank you!
This thing actually sounds so cool and fun to have.
why did you not show it driving and show us its ride quality?!
Imagine having this massive EV push to save the environment, and manufacturers make almost $70k cars that gets you a small car that cannot drive you more than 200 miles before you have to stop and charge... and try to make it sounds and feel like a gas car. Man, that would just be stupid... What a clown world we would be living in.
I do NOT like the blue color.  It looks like a toy.  That range also leaves much to be desired... But other than that, it looks like a fine car.  Fascinating how they took in to account all the different nuances of a gas car so as to emulate it.  I wonder what the R&D and testing was like? "Does this revving engine sound real?" "Yeah bro.  But I wish it sounded like a Jetson car too." "That'll be another update option in the future." It's also saying something that you're worse critisizm (with respect to programming and performance) involves only range.  I hope there's entire teams of Tech Giants watching your reviews taking notes on a similar product they're planning on coming out with soon: "Oh, so we DON'T limit how many boosts our EV can allow throughout its life?  Ok duly noted....'Do.not.tell.the.customers.what.they.want'....got it."
Kia EV6 VS Hyundai ionic 5 would be a good comparison
Not the fastest charging? Can do easy 265kW, 10-80% in 17min….
Tesla NEEDS to add an engine sound mode, at least to their Performance models. It looks like so much fun
love the design...
When I saw the thumbnail I thought he was doing piano review.
I weirdly don't hate having this option...As long as you can turn it off.
I love it!
Roblox car noise fr
Lowkey wish my Model 3 2024 performance could do this 😭
Hyundai Designers on steroids.
Like, objectively, it’s stupid… but I bet its a guilty pleasure for many buyers, and I bet backseat kids absolutely love it if Dad hams it up right. My dad used to do something similar just with mouth-noises in a manual-transmission Toyota Tercel: He’d labelled an unmarked button “rocket booster”, and he’d “activate” it, drop a gear, and floor the accelerator and we absolutely loved it and asked him to do it all the time.
i understand the need to please ice lovers, but i hate this for the future continuation of loud ass vehicles like those lifted trucks with the mufflers. I’m assuming people will be making EV versions for their trucks 🙄🙄🙄
MKBHD really out here saying IONIQ 5 is not a fast charging car lol
They should bring this design to the gasoline cars as well
7:11 I demand @ScottyKilmmer tries it out!!! I want his thoughts on it too.
Brownlee loves all the “arange” accents. Lol
@MKBHD in one of your auto focus videos can you discuss in detail tires for EV and how EVs have changed that market? Wife and I discussed recently trading in our 2020 model Y because it seems like they're recommended to get new tires every 12-15 months, which would be ~$100-$120 per month for just tires.
How cant it be a fast Charging car?
Hyundai is taking the market by storm
Want a sound mode that imitates a playing card in the spokes of a bicycle
So take EV, electronically make worse, feels like gas car. Got it.
I can hear WALL-E talking 😂 6:46
Coolest EV so far
This is very stupid. If you want a gas car just buy a gas car.
Thanks for doing a car we can afford
gimmicky but... I dig it! it's just fun!
$69k? Holy moly that’s insane
This is a really cool take on an EV. Only complaint is that the pitch changes in the engine noise are not smooth in the slightest so it just sounds like a laggy racing game. They need to interpolate it for it to sound more realistic.
Can I install my own regular sound?
You should start reviewing chinese EVs . Others would feel useless then .
Have had my Ioniq 5N since April and I love it! A lot of car for the money and so incredibly fun to drive. As far as the range is concerned, it is no problem to drive 450 km if you drive well, but that is not what this car is made for! By comparison, it's like asking "How far does your Lamborghini go?" Just that, with Norwegian electricity prices, you can drive with a broad smile and think that it costs a fraction in comparison.
What they should do is make a marketplace where people can get tuned cars. Would be sick if you can download the F40 and have your sound gearbox and engine handle like that.
dont be fooled, this car is massive. Its an SUV
Ah, the fakest EV ever 😂
Dang we got Gas EV’s before gta 6
Just watch those crazy Nürburgring racetrack video’s where those Ioniq N Guys trash performance BMW and Porsches worth twice The price. 🤩
i wish you could adjust the redline
you can get standard I5 AWD range. just swapp the sticky wide performance tyres with non sticky efficient tyres. but be gentle with the throttle as you traded in performance for efficiency
As soon as my lease is up!
I love the looks, but that ICE simulation is pathetic...
Fun fact, Ioniq 5 N can race Nurburgring for 2 laps before it's run out of juice
I've seen more of this car in person than the Cyber Truck
Shot on iPhone 15 pro!!
Real question is why buy this over a Corvette Stingray. Same price, same performance, but one looks significantly better and even exotic.
and u can rev it
This is so dumb. If I want a gas car, then I want a really good gas car. If I want an EV, then I want a really good EV. I don't want things pretending to be things that they aren't
0:28 it looks like a golf
Radio piped in motor noise is just dumb.  Like just don’t do it.
This car, and hopefully more cars to come not just from Hyundai but other manufacturers too, is what'll save car enthusiasm once a full transition to EVs has been made.
Can you imagine if they can emulate specific gas cars with turbo lag, same acceleration like a Ferrari F40, Lancia Delta, etc. All in one car. You could choose which model/car to drive (emulated)
FINALLY! love to see it.
Remember that video of the guy on the bicycle who was playing the trombone to mimic a car engine?
the range is a deal breaker (not like i would buy it anyway)
2 weeks with the car, produce a 11min video....smh
I love it!
Intersting, I hate the sound of it tbh but this article was a good connection to this video Marques! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZnAGXvVNMB8 from Vox talking about how the future of safety in EVs may require an "ICE car sound" -- Sharing as food for thought
I really don't understand the need for EV brands to invest resources into making  it seem like you are driving like a gas car, like it is never going to be good. The motor sound comes from inside instead from the outside. You do not feel the motor rumble, the feel of the car when you shift gears, etc. They are inventing a problem and providing a bad solution.
Some weird continuity stuff with the AutoFocus numberplate changing :D
Oh, Red Bull Arena?
I'm sorry, but the noise simulation is just silly. You may as well make car noises with your mouth while you drive 😂
I've tested this car twice because it's just such an insane car. The whole thing is something that everyone needs to test to actually understand how much fun it is to drive. If I had the money I'd buy one today, without hesitation
I WANT ONE  OR A EV6 GT  BOTH MIND BLOWING 🤯 ❤
How can anyone afford a car that will have a payment of around $1200-1400+ per month for 5 years? And then you can only drive it around your local town and never take it on a road trip longer than a few hours unless you want to sacrifice a lot of your time waiting for it to recharge.
What a joke! 👎👎
This what dodge thought they was doing with that ev hellcat lol
like why? its so gimmicky.
"69.000 dollars"......"Nice😏"
So happy you’re reviewing this. Next car for me in UK 🇬🇧
well, there was an 80's movie called Wraith.. the Interceptor had an artificial sound like this...
The best manual car simulator to learn how to drive one
Why can't they do that color for the ioniq 6? It's my main gripe with that car
u did a whole review without even driving the car in de video what the heck?
It's not that ugly..... okay
I noticed that it lost 4 miles just you doing the demo lol
Crazy thought.... Buy an ICE vehicle. 😉 Jk. I totally get the irony. Cool feature, but very novelty. I guess great to have the option?
It's the Beyond Meat of EVs. Chick'n instead of Chicken. Internal Combust'n.
Hey Marques , can you test the Porsche Taycan Turbo GT with the Weissach Package?
mkbhd pretends to be a decent guy
you can try to emulate gas cars as much as you could but you gonna be still a soulless car
Is the EV awards coming this year or not @mibhd ?
THE definition of skeuomorphism
3:04 - 134 miles with 72% charge left? So 186 miles at 100%??? Yikes, that's not good! I don't care how fun the car is, I need at least 250 miles, because you know in the winter, you're losing 50 miles right off the bat, never mind if you're driving through snow, which will take another 20 miles off.
All the cars I ever bought (2) are hatchbacks this car is the most beautiful design for me!
looks like a gundam inspired car
"No no - it's so cool! I put a 'neigh neigh' and teeth clearing noise on my new Model T. I also made it go 'clop clop clop' to sound like horses! Trust me, this is the future! It's so amazing"    I hate this. It's NOT AN ICE CAR. Stop making it try to be something it's not!
Don’t like the sound of the “gas” car. Sounds too fake
This is what dads buy in their midlife crisis
Quick question, what’s going on with your voice? You okay bro? Need a vacation?
I've had my eyes on the Ioniq 5N since they announced it. Really hoped the range was a bit more, but I think it's worth it.
You lost me at 200 mile range, they need to try harder!
I think new hyundais look like concept cars from the 80's or 90's and i mean that as a compliment
Imagine if gasoline cars at the turn of the 20th century would've had imitated horse cart sounds to appeal to the public.
I've been waiting on this one.
thats actually he coolest thing they dod to this car.
Hope there will be a Ioniq 6N
Hyundai really said bump it we about to drop the hardest lineup of the decade
68k ?????
Hyundai is pulling off the plot of the movie the Dilemma😅
What phone did you use for this one? You look orange bro 😂
I'm a big fan of the Ioniq 5N. My EV6 GT is it's sister car (which I do prefer the looks and features like the HUD that aren't in the US-spec I5N). But the tech in the Ioniq 5N to get it to simulate a gas vehicle experience is pretty neat. That said, I'm not sure how much I'd use it.
i can see the love in your eyes haha
Simulating engine noise with accurate torque response is a very fun, video game-like idea that takes electric cars in a playful direction. I wish that Hyundai fully leaned into the video game customization angle and added extra downloadable "performance profiles" like a "Stuttgart flat 6" or "Maranello v12".
Ok...does this car come with the helmet?? I couldn't help but notice
Folks interested should check out Matt Farrah’s turn in this around Laguna Seca. It looks like a fantastic experience.
Bang goes your quiet EV, boy racer free future.
i like the design but 75k is a bit much for it
Hyundai always makes N versions and even the other electric and hybrid cars they have act like a “gas” car in N mode…. So out of touch.
I have to say, Hyundai is really doing well in the electric car market, they went full send, all their EVs look great and from reviews, they are up there with the Rivians and Teslas of the world
i love the way he says orange
I will keep my gasoline car 😂. The prices of electric vehicles are too high for the average American.
For the algorithm. ✊
this car looks like a fucking toy.
i remember an episode of top gear (or was it pimp my ride? lol) where they added some device that would imput other cars' sound thru the speakers, this car reminds me of that
An EV that identifies as a Gas Car - MKBHD 2024
Oh. That is p0s car where battery replacement cost $60000?
Somebody check Hyundai's stock prices
So... an EV that identifies as a Gas Car?
I have a regular Ioniq 5 and absolutely love it. I also want this one.
Engine noise sounds like trash, they shoud've employed someone like AngeTheGreat to adapt his Engine Simulator
Yet another vehicle that Marques has sat in front of..  😁
Upvote if you are thinking of getting this.
Gas car in auto tune
waiting for 911 turbo s half a year review!
Sadly it’s still a Hyundai so good luck on longevity
No, no, no.  One of the great things about EVs is that they're not horribly noisy.  Don't intentionally play noise and don't glorify it.
Ugly looking car, my opinion though 😅
Car companies. Please listen: WE WANT PHYSICAL BUTTONS FOR MUSIC AND CLIMATE CONTROLS. not touch screen. Not capacitive buttons. Real clicks and knobs!!! That way you don’t have to look away from the road to find the correct control! You can feel it!
You forgot to hide the number plate in a shot. It's clearly visible. So, re-upload?
This thing is hella fast. Super fun
For this price, why not get a Tesla though? The sunroof alone makes the Tesla feel more luxurious than the lack of the sunroof on the Ionic
I might have to revisit the Inoniq5. 🤔 Seriously.   Vs Mini Cooper SE. 🤔🤔
Me finally trying to get some sleep. Marques: NO!
Hyundai killed it with this thing.
People of the comment section, what are your thoughts on the Hyundai iONIQ 5N?
This does not change the fact that in Australia there are 48 million kangaroos and in Uruguay there are 3,457,380 inhabitants. So if the kangaroos decide to invade Uruguay, each Uruguayan will have to fight 14 kangaroos.
Hyundai making moves i see
damn this is gonna be a really loved one, we get what we love while saving environment.
Are you going to respond to Louis Rossman?
amazing car!
Imagine hearing a NA V12 coming out of that
wow i’m early
yes!!
Hyundais been killing with their designs lately 🙌🏻
This is a perfect example of what car enthusiasts want in an EV. Now if only it wasn’t so expensive
this ionic looks really ionic man
They make a Disney version. I kid you not.
The I’m The going a going a going a a a a  to go go go  go  to to  to a a to a go to a a a a a
if this car had longer range it would really be perfect
Olga boogaloo
Hyundai is really upping their Game
Heyo
first
salve
First
