Pokemon's lesson here is to modernize, or Palworld puts them out of business.
When pokemon legends za releases, will you do a playthrough of it on mandjtvplays....but youre team night sky? Just wondering
I feel like pokemon company is trying to replace showdown with champions
The big six is returning :(
AZ is tall, I was not ready for his size lmfao, he is alarmingly tall
The way you battle reminds me of the anime
This game is an opportunity for a new Michael because of a green ground type legendary. Maybe a jealous evil twin that got sick of living in Team Sky’s shadow. Or a parallel universe version.
Honestly the game wil be the biggest thing this year but i hate the starters for it. All doen for a gen 2 and 5 starter but 2 gen 2 starters? At least make our boy frokaie into one of the starters or even a gen 6 starter bro T_T overall very excitedfor legends Z-A as Kalos has been my favorite region since i first got into pokemon.
Pokemon champions is what I thought Pokemon Go was going to be
Theres a good chance the hat is actually a trillby, not a fedora, Mikey, you can tell by the smaller ring of the hat and creased crown at the top 🤓☝️
Expect the first Regionals for Z-A in July.
Only thing I like about legends za being set in the modern day is that it feels like what I did in Pokémon x and y paid off
They really aren’t even trying anymore. This is so lazy. Unbelievably lazy.
Someone told me that Champions felt like Pokémon Showdown (I mean, they’re not wrong).
I have one question:HOW DO YOU GET SHINIES IN THE GAME
Lucky for Team Sky you start off wearing green.
After rewatching all trailers of previous Pokemon games, esp Legend Arceus, these trailers of Legend ZA have been disappointed so far. Nothing new, or I must specific, nothing significantly new: no new pokemon, no new inform, no new mechanism (except that ambushing other trainers which I, in my personal opinion, have mixed feeling about that, both liking and hating it). And I am worrying that the game may be only limited in Lumiose City without being able to explore other places in Kalos during this pre-urban development period since so far, they only showed Lumiose City, and they even made wild zones "within" the city (which I really dont like at all and found it illogical with the setting of a city's urban re-development)
The battle style seems quite fun it reminds me a lot of the way they fight in the anime with dodging and moevent
Ahhhh! AHHHHHHHHHHHH 0:00
Hears my team in légend za  Méga feraligatr [cus i thin make it dark/Water becous hé has 7 dark type move] Méga raichu [cus hé my favorit pokemon an hé IS electric / dark becouse you Say that] Gogoat [cus hé good pokemon and grat] Méga houndoom [cus hé passudo légendary and type liké type inceralon] aegislash [cus it's atack and defance Can Switching and this Is cool] Méga Lucario [cus IS best kalos région]
5:11 why Resident evil?
Have chance for dadamax and gidaxast
we built this city we built this city on XY&Z
I saw new forms in the middle and post end credits scene for the trailer that there are new mega evolutions and zygarde gets two new percentage forms!
I hacked the Pokémon database of all games and played through all of pokemon legends ZA. I did not record the playthrough because I did not want Pokémon to sue me like GTA sued that one hacker who got sued millions of dollars. But the end of the game is so good. You fight the leader of flare2 who is the great grandson of the leader from former team flare. Your 50% Zyguard fights his red 50% zyguard well you take on his mega shiny gyrados. After you defeat him your Zyguard wins and becomes 100% form. However the leader of a board who is funding team flare2 happens to be SHADOWml mewtwo(no cap). And mewtwo obtains the tree of life and cocon of destruction from team flare2. You have to chose between helping Xerneus from being corrupted by mewtwo Xpath. Or stoping Yveltal first before it destroys luminous city Ypath. In X path you battle Yveltal and mega MewtwoX after catching Xerneus. In Y path you battle Xerneus and mega mewtwoY after catching Yveltal. You will have caught Xerneus and Yveltal before the credits show but you also register Zyguard to your Pokédex. This final battle seen was so epic because it took place at night on the luminous city tower.
I think it would be really cool if they gave us two sets of starters like in X and Y, so the three main starters can have regional variants and also we could have the Kalos starters finally get megas
I truly believe Gen 5 is the best generation of the franchise, but that’s the thing… it was so well executed with solid sequels that properly wrap up the Unova region.  I would love to see Gen 5 Legends/Remakes someday but Gen 6 needed this SO MUCH MORE. I’m extremely happy they chose to prioritize it. Unova can wait, Kalos deserves this.
I mean I’m overwhelmed from all of it I literally cannot wait
I got disppointed like you as well
We did it boys We found somebody who's just "Whelmed"
Imagine Mega Pikachu
I will be adding Pikachu to my party with tepig
Hold up za is az backwards
One of my pokemon books says, and I quote, “for example, in sinnoh, the icirrus gym leader Brycen is an ice type expert, and his slippery battlefield is frozen over” no idea why, also I absolutely cannot wait for legends Z-A
Not a fan of the starters...
Wouldn't it make sense if they add another Charizard mega evolution here Because it's Z
definetly underwhelming
The icon for the promotional match looked strangely like a dynamax pokeball
This is the best battle system in my opinion.
3:07   I don't remember what you thought was the starters. I'll have to go back and check. I love that chikorita is one tho  something about not having mons from the same gen? I remember that part
I'm hyped for this game, it looks great, but I have the feeling that the new battle mechanic is gonna be the breaker for me - I never even got past Legends Arceus' arcanine battle because I don't have the reflexes for physical combat in video games, so this might be similar. But I definitely look forward to all the letsplay videos to enjoy it.
I’m so glad the general consensus of people seeing how tall AZ is just being abject horror
Is it weird that I pronounce Lumiose City French, like loo-mwaa?
AZ is SO TALL, EVEN WHILE LEANING OVER. He'd be unbeatable with good posture
Only a portion of this livestream is archived, whereas it's hard to find the original full recording of this livestream.
So we will have main series games, legend games, and a battle simulation game in the Pokemon rotation? This is either going to become the golden age of Pokemon or it is going to become a sloppy mess lol
I'm just happy for totodile, sandile, and chandelure.
I find the idea of Mega Meganium funny because when Meganium first appears in the anime, it only says the first part of its name. It literally says "Mega Mega!"
I was really shocked to see all the starters. Didn’t expect there to be two from the same gen. Hopefully they do something good with them. Poor Snivy 😢
Is there gonna be ranked games too?? Promotion match might be leading to ranked games like online games
I feel like tepig and totodile have weird colours. Isn’t totodile’s spikes more reddish and tepig more orange?
Am i the only one who is thinking if this is Urban Redevelopment plan, then why isn't Geosenge Town included To be honest, i was disappointed from the moment they announced that the game will take place only in Lumiose, they had a great lore of kalos to explore but just didn't care  The houses are giving Europe in 1400s vibes I think the next legends starters are Serperior, Incineroar and Primarina, they are trying to complete the 3 trios (Johto, Unova and Alola Starters)
4:43  “First partner” and not starter. 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮  The fact that the marketing calls starters “First Partner Pokémon”, it makes it less appealing when they say “First Partner” than Starter.
3:55  What looked bad?
I Just got a shiny hydrapple Today and i name dots
“Does Pokemon have any lore?”  “Ok so..”  *proceeds to lay a timeline from the creation of the universe*
Out of so many starters they choose chikorita and tepig?
Thats similar to pokemon stadium and pokemon stadium 2. Honestly its good to see this type of game get some love.
Are we ever gonna get an analysis for Legends:ZA
Nah but I think Mikey should react to KJ’s Final Ride because Funni
Team Sky has to learn parkour like a land mammal.
Aside from the new battle mechanic, this game looks like a big step back from Arceus
To me the dodges look like the trainer has to move for the Pokémon to follow along, which is just… not great, whatsoever. Let’s hope it’s not that
6:11 this battle system vaugely looks like the battle system in digimon world: next order  Especially with range and stuff being a factor in a small shape shaped arena  I just realised more things that connect the two, Your main goal is to build up the town 😂
Champions should be made by Genius Sonority
I feel like Pokemon champions will be Pokemon showdown but much MUCH LESS accessibility
theyre totally giving malamar a mega
Counselor Mikey do you think we will see what your day campers have been up do since you left them? Do you have any hope that they have embraced the skyway?
"I WAS COMPLETELY WRONG ABOUT THE STARTERS" was my immediate reaction too 😭
I don't wanna hear I word. You can't present a Game like this in 2025. It's complettly bulshit. Half trailer and ther's just bad/laggy graphic. Just lazy behavior driven by the fact that "it's pokemon and it's gonna sold". No. This is a shame. And every body that think this Is awesome is just another pig customer that contribute to this abomination. Come on. Look the f hippo that rotate on his self. Wtf is that? In 2025? And I can probably name 20 other problems inside this trailer.
They need to have a rental Pokémon system  because losing to a team of Pokégens or a competitively bred team would ruin the game for everyone else
Your little barks of excitement + fuzzy beard reminds me of an aggressive groundhog. Like in the best way. Love you, Mickey! <3
Looks like absolute dog shit.
Mega Absol is finally back, I'm excited about that. Not thrilled about the starters but Talonflame can take the starter's place if need. edit: Oh, yeah. FAIRY. If they give my plant the fairy type they deserve, I'll pick them.
I see Lumiose took the Arkham City approach and just threw the Pokémon into abandoned sections of the city.
Any guesses for how long it takes patrat and watchog to annoy Mikey?
I feel this game is going to disappoint
maybe we can finally get 60 fps in champions
'bewond evolution mega evolve' By who 👇
Sadly i don't gave pc 🥲🥲🥲
Zygard 10% back is wired is it all time go green white
Soo mediocre...
I got 2/3 spot on  I was not thinking Totadile
I think that the new forms are not revealed yet
I don't if anyone has talked about this, we can see bonnie as new gym leader since she will most likely will be grown up.
Honestly a bit underwhelmed with the starters. Totodile is cool, but the others are literally my least favorite ones. The only hope I have is that maybe we will get mega Meganium.
1:20  Pokemon showdown might be in trouble
Dodge it! Is finally a Pokémon mechanic lol
Are we going to talk about how some of the HUD locations look like they’re from Palworld? 😂😂 no? Okay lol
Will this game be a switch 2 exclusive
Is NO ONE talking about the fact that TWO of the Starter Pokémon are from JOHTO. That’s just lazy man
The game look so ahh
6:00 YOU CAN CATCH FAINTED POKÉMON?!?
Personally I don’t like the fact that they have made the entire Z-A game in Lumiose. I thought it would only be a zone in the game and not the only location.   They got to get a Pokemon MMO going where we can import from home, interact with other players, and visit all regions. At this point the Pokemon universe can 100% support a massive interconnected world.
Wait, now that we've seen the new starters. If the theory that we're getting megas for the starters are true, that means we're getting Mega Meganium.  Now all they do is give Dragonite a mega so it's stone is called a Dragoniteite and these games are 10/10
custom builder will maybe replace with rental pokemon to fight in champions if they will include mobile to it for sure they will take the advantage of monization for mobile players to get a perfect set of team for mobile players because they dont have the abiity to grind mons
Why do smartphone spin-off games from their own brand, look better than the main-titles??? Imagine owning the ip with the most worth in the whole world and releasing a trailer like this, thinking its okay... wtf is Nintendo doing. Gamefreak needs new blood so bad... every new entry in the series, we can feel the growing detest these devs have for Pokemon. No creativity, no innovation no optimization... wth are they doing at this studio
Chespin must be really excited about Z-A.
U should do a video predicting what the new megas will be
that was a subway...
i just now noticed this… the room at 7:08 is the looker bureau. is emma returning?
I wonder if Mikey will make a trailer analysis video, or theory of what Kalosiun Meganium Emboar and Feraligatr will be, or new megas he wats to see
I’m kinda suprised you didn’t notice that Chikorita had Disarming Voice when battling the Flaffy, Michael
Yo bro let me get Pokémon talk
Pokemon and Nintendo don't care about Brazil. They announced the new Latin Spanish language, but showing images of an event held in Brazil, with everything written in Portuguese and showing samba in the video and we still don't have Portuguese in the main-line games, even though we ask for a lot. It's complete disrespect and only Brazilians are talking about it from what I see. And now Nintendo is even increasing game prices in Brazil.
Maybe they will do something SIMILAR to X and Y and give us a second Starter Pokemon. Remember how you could pick a Kalos starter and a Kanto starter? Maybe we will either get the Kalos starters in the wild zones, or we will get to pick one to join us as a second starter Pokemon.
Emboar is based on the Gascon Pig, from the mountainous areas of France
My predictions were Serperior, Empoleon, and Emboar  I was least confident in Emboar  The only one I got right
Why are you impressed by pokemon champions? It didn't show anything of interest. But pokemon z-a looks amazing
Anyone else realize that they didn’t show the fully evolved starters maybe there doing something like legends arceus
I think it would've been funny if they did tepig, turtwig, and totodile for the three T's
Can you give me your phone number? I am one of your subscribers.
I think this is supposed to be the long lost Pokemon Z game that was never made but also it’s taking elements from Legends Arceus and incorporating that into this game. And unfortunately one of the elements that was was taken from Arceus was the random starters 🤦‍♂️ which makes no sense because this obviously takes place after the events of X and Y sooo where tf did Froakie, Fennekin and Chespin go?
Lesson learned. Get in battle, and immediately just start running in a circle around the opponent. Constant dodge.
Everyone has been asking for a game with every region and every Pokemon. Champions is pretty dang close since we can use Pokemon directly from HOME.  Looks like your "If it's not 100% accurate, it's 50% accurate" statement goes out the window with this game. Now everything is 50% accurate since Pokemon can actually dodge.
Honestly they should just have pokken gameplay in battles
Champs on mobile is huge. Mobile gaming has taken off hard since CoDm and Fortnite. We have workable gta ports as well as a handful of modern popular small games farm sim and stuff like it. The old Pokémon card game was awesome and brought international players together this is very good
Guys I have a crack shot theory so feel free to shoot it down, but what if the work championship teaser at the end of the za trailer is actually just a teaser for the all regions game we have all wanted. Imagine it’s similar to ashes World Series journey once u get all the badges (or u can do it as soon as u beat one e4
I think they’re waiting to show the new mega’s when a game comes out
One problem we had here in the Brazilian fandom was that the representative from Latin America created a huge hype about the addition of a new language and in the end it was just Latin Spanish and even used images from a Pokémon event that took place in Brazil for this, and this has been a decades-old complaint (29 years to be more exact and only for the console games). I know firsthand how important adding local language is, but there's already Spanish in the game, so the Spanish demographic isn't as much of a priority IN THIS CONTEXT. Plus the nintendo games are costing almost 1/4 of the minimum wage
i didn't really like the realistic textured style with the super detailed fur and metal in scarlet and violet. i think even though it was technically impressive, it wasn't very appealing and honestly made the game look a fair bit worse. i'm really glad that both champions and legends z-a are back to the more cartoony style for the models, the flat textures just make everything look so much nicer.
Meganium- Grass/Fairy (Nature).  Ferligator- Water/Poison (Sewers).  Emboar- Fire/Steel (Buildings).
Finally they do good to Chikorita.
OMG I LOVE THE BATTLE SYSTEM!! I always said if I could design a pokemon game, I'd make it like this!! This is a dream come true!!
Let's Theories about the future news of POKÉMON LEGEND ZA The starter choices for most of the people might seem odd  2 Jhoto and 1 Unova was probably the most unexpected thing and I bet no one thought about it But I have a theory which might give us an idea of this game and the future games as well Let's first look at this data here  KANTO: All 3 got megas and Gigantamax JHOTO: Typlosion got a regional recently HOENN: Megas for all 3 SINNOH: Already a very popular bunch and got a spotlight due to BDSP and Legends Arceus UNOVA: Samurott Got a regional KALOS: Absolutely Nothing ever since X and Y ALOLA: Decidueye got a regional GALAR: All got Gigantamax PALDEA: Newest starters so do not need anything   Out of this info JHOTO, UNOVA, KALOS, ALOLA are the generation with least amount of attention and I think gamefreak is playing a trick Now Legends ZA will give Regionals to Meganium and Feraligator Completing Jhoto's Trio Unova's Tepig and Oshawatt will be done (SNIVY LEFT) Kalos starters will get spotlight and probably megas too Alola will have to wait (LITTEN AND POPLIO)  They are slowly trying to balance starter attention  THAT MEANS IN THE NEXT LEGENDS WE CAN GET A TRIO OF LITTEN, POPLIO AND SNIVY  I think this is done for few reasons Poplio will not make sense to get a regional since it already gets Fairy type when it evolves So they had to Chose totodile which will get Either Fighting or Dragon typing upon evolution  Chicorita is used so that Meganium can get the fairy type as hinted in the trailer  Also Chicorita and Tepic are the least popular of their regions so Getting another least popular would maybe have effected the games sales so they went for an option very popular among the people like Totodile  So I think we are 100% getting a regional for all 3 starters (since it will be odd for embore rto have one and other 2 to not, Same goes for Typlosion to not get a mega and other 2 to get it)  And the Kalos original starters (Greninja,Delphox, Chesnaught) are getting a mega Why? In X and Y our 1st set of starters do not have any sort of Mega evolution but later We get a 2nd set of starter who do (Charmander,Bulbasaur,Squirtle)  In ZA they can do the same The first set having no megas but 2nd set having megas and 2nd set being Original kalos starters.......  We might be getting a Gen 5 game soon as well according to me if I observe it correctly And After gen 10 another Legends game to complete the Regional forms for gen 5 and gen 7 too That's all
i love how i’m sitting here tweaking out at my phone and michael just SITS THERE AND IS LIKE “that’s interesting” LIKE BRO
I really hope we don't get confined to just the city.  It bugs me that pokemon scaling is ridiculously out of whack. The courtyard battle between Onix and  the lion who's name escapes me is so weirdly off. Why is Onix just barely bigger than your character when they're surronded by buildings? It looks so weird and a bit uncanny to me.
I want it so baaad right now
Ngl… I’m pissed. I wanted legends arceus animations, not this new paldea art ://// And whys it called “legends” if it’s in the future😭
I have a theory. Because Pokemon has been really into making the villains unexpected, I think that they'll make AZ the villain of legends zaza
Lumiose needs better city management, wild Pokemon smack dab in the middle of town, this is anarchy! Also, the modern developments clash horribly with the historic architecture, what mess.
3:08 to be fair how do you gonna guess it right if two of them are from Johto
i cant believe Pokémon made Pokémon Showdown
Complaints why did they choose the pig what is onix tiny
Cool
0:11 I care
dear God Sycamore slept our Mum and had us   dear God noo how could you professor
3:27 I was waiting for Mikey to be like, "YOU CAN FLYYY" ✈✈✈
ONIX IS SMALL AGAIN 🙄
The rotom phone at the end is definitely a reference to Galar because the tover looks like the Battle Tower from Sword and Shield and the wild areas in Legends Z-A are very similar to the wild areas in Sword and Shield
No offence, but the graphics look exactly like Scarlet and Violet does...
"here are some of the colorful characters you'll encounter." Meanwhile there's AZ in the middle who has the most monotone color scheme in this frame.
So it feels like the battle system is like the anime? That’s what I gathered
there is prob z moves an g-maxing
An interesting thing I noticed is it doesn’t look like when you KO a wild Pokémon it immediately disappeared. Seems like there’s gonna be a window to catch said wild Pokémon before it disappears after you’ve KOed it
Am I the only one who heard I got the started right not completely wrong
I hope Emboar, Meganium, and Feraligatr will have mega forms.
I'm so buying this,
Im gunna hate this battle system with a BURNING PASSION when im done with that game
Man i was excited to watch this Pokemon presents on release day but of course my luck i got the flu thankfully i'm doing better
I’m gonna be honest, I hope the starters get Regional Variants and not Megas If they get regional variants, those are gonna feel like a more permanent change, also the variants will have more opportunities to be in future games. Not to mention, they don’t show off the evolutions in the trailer, they’re keeping them hidden for some reason, if the final stages look the same why not show them off now so we know not to expect regional forms and they show off the Megas in a future trailer, but no we don’t see them As for Megas, think about it, if the starters get Megas, yea it’ll be a buff, but only in Legends ZA, Megas are a region battle mechanic, so just like before, they’ll probably be abandoned by Gen 10 or 11, and the buffs for these starters will be gone again, like every pokemon that got a buff via mega evolution Also I feel like regional forms are more interesting compared to, oh this pokemon just now looks cool and crazy and over designed :P
I hate the new battle style. It just makes it way more complex than it has to be.
I usually pick the fire type starter in my first playthrough of a game but I'm lokcing in on Chikorita. Using it in a game where it has no favourable matchups was torture, so I'm hoping the new bosses in PLZA give it a chance to shine and everyone will see why Chikorita is amazing
I feel like they picked the three starters based on which one of each typed needed the most redesign and attention. Which is risky, because its basically the least popular ones. I looked back at a Trugreen7 popularity poll video with a 1000+ responses. Meganium is the lowest Grass at 35%, Emboar lowest Fire at 36%, but Feralrigator got 65% and is in the middle of the pack of the 8 (it was taken before Gen 9, but they wouldn't be here anyways). Only  gens 1/3/6 are higher for Water, but... those ones are basically disqualified anyways for getting a ton of attention, megas, and the base starters wouldn't be the starters in Legends.  Now the real question: do they get new regional final evos or mega forms? Both seems unlikely.
I like it, but should’ve gave us a treecko, bulbasaur, or turtwig instead . Why two johto starters? May as well have made tepig a cyndaquil . Or a mudkip, squirtle or piplup instead of totodile.
The C&Ds have now been unleashed on Showdown
With everything they’re testing out in Pokémon like Z-A and Arceus, I personally would like to see what they could potentially do with a Poképark 3
Im sorry but is it me or i think you getting more chubby micky😅
Ngl the not actual gameplay footage made me think smash bros and I freaked out knowing it wasn’t smash bros cuz it’s freaking Pokémon day
Hear me out the new mega stones won't come from a meteorite but will be artifical
But AZ's Floette still won't be obtainable...  I wonder whether spread moves will become more valuable.
5:57 Wait... So you can catch fainted wild Pokemon?
Bro how did you not notice the Pokémon getting to no HP and you still able to catch them
I hope that                       TEAM SKU PLAYS POKEMON LEGENDS ZA
I for one don't see the point of Champions. We already have showdown
Lol not Luke going off about Megas and Teras together in the last trailer after having zero reaction to Mega Charizard v Tera Dondozo in the Champions one
Pokemon copying palworld now lol
The Z-A trailer is living proof that pokemon fans can’t know when enough is enough, the graphics are upgraded, it’s just that people don’t care about the effort
Yeah I was thinking the same about it being in the past, but who knows maybe it will have some sort of time travel mechanic (I thought heard about it somewhere, unfortunately I no proof, but still). Either way I enjoyed the past Legends game so I’m looking forward to this one and it has my favorite starter Totodile.
I really hope emboar gets a mega evolution, i think i would be cool, maybe just me.
I don’t know why they chose both of the other Johto starters for Pokémon Legends Z-A I mean I get that Tepig replaced Cyndaquil because Cyndaquil was one of the Legends Arceus starters but why couldn’t they choose a different starter from a different generation to replace one of the other 2 Johto starters
Squishy is back!!!!!!!! (I watched xyz)
Teratilized dondozo…👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 PRESTINE, CLEAN AND NICE
imagine the starters having mega
im gunna beat those switch kids in my phone in pokemon champions
why do i get the feeling that Legends ZA will have a huge Tournament ARC... Because if u look at Pokemon Champion's Map it looks like a Tower just like Lumoise Tower. and that last msg in ZA saying "promotion match" and showing the tower gives me a feeling that we going to meet different characters throughout the map and battle them in the tower at specific point. which sounds kinda cool ngl.
Not tryna hate but this might be worse than violet and scarlet way worse
Totodile: "Hey, Chikorita! Let's all be from Johto and not tell Tepig!"
Pokemon Champions seems awesome, I would much rather have a mainline classic collection, but this is fine I guess.
I so depressed we aren’t getting Snivy :(((
Just realized that’s 2 gen 2 starters. Huh
Hey Mikey, the "Promotion match" is for Battle Tower
To be fair, no matter WHO they chose, SOMEONE will complain about it. Despite the fact that you CAN catch other Mons. And since WHEN did we start caring about starters, in an era where they ENCOURAGE you to catch more Mons and swap them out? Don't start now😂.
Omg the champions hit is so good
Ttar is using your meme review
7:04 The Gyarados Side Eye 😂
The only thread tying the Legends Starters together is that they’re all Ash’s Pokémon.
YESS CHIKORITA IS BACK MY 2ND FAVORITE STARTER OHHH
I heard a rumor of a new eeveeloution. Don’t know if it’s true so we’ll have to wait and see.
"Chikorita, Totodile and... Tepig? What happened to Cyndoquil?"  *Typhlosion Leak flashback*  "...ah, right."
Battle style is like the anime now, finally
The new game looks fire🎉
Starters are both gen 2 and a gen 5?? And they already had the other Gen 2 and a Gen 5 in the last Legends game? What is going on?! The odd one out is Rowlett right now. Why not starters from LITERALLY ANY OTHER GENERATION?!
The future team was so incredibly obvious. And somehow people got ir wrong
The idea of a whole game being stuck in a city seems like a step in the wrong direction , if not even backwards and just an awful boring idea.
Me and my friend are calling legends ZA pokemon legends SLAY
Glad to see that chikorita and totadile are getting some attention.
I'm not entirely sure how I feel about the change to the battle system for ZA...and probably wont know how I feel about it till we get to play it. The shiny sound better be in the game though!
Am I the only one who noticed that Chikorita knows Disarming Voice!? We’re finally getting our Grass/Fairy Meganium
Why are two of them johto starters…  IM NOT COMPLAINING I NEED MEGAMEGANIUM
People who buy this game immediately are grunts of Team Sky!
The kalos starters weren't there in the trailar, could this potentially mean something or am I just overthinking?🤔
I'm underwhelmed honestly. I don't like these visuals. It feels like they are just making a 3D space with no real art style. And the starter choices are definitely a miss for me. Chikorita line is one of the least liked starters in the game, I don't like really any of the Gen 5 starter lines, and Totodile line is middle of the road for me. Now, this might change if they get some cool new forms like in Legends: Arceus, but I don't have my hopes up. Sword and Shield was our first real dip into 3D models and I felt like that had better visuals than Scarlet and Violet and this looks like Scarlet and Violet.  As for the battle mechanic...it's gonna be hit or miss. Until I see more of it, I won't comment on how I feel about it because there is a lot that could be going on with it and if it is implemented poorly it would be devastating, however on the vis vers if it's done well, it would be enhancing greatly, so we will have to see
Kinda wish if the was going to mix starter generation they would have each one from a different generation instead of 2 of them being from the same gen
Me too mate, AAAAAAAH! But this step back, gosh, it's like Sword/Shield fused with Detective Pikachu. It's a BIG HUGE NOPE at the moment, I don't like the graphics...but mostly, I don't like the city being empty as usual. 😓
I'm so happy my lil guy Tepig is finally getting attention!!
the new battle style is literally palworld lol
The only stater i got wrong was totodile i really thought they were going with  poplio
I just love watching Mand J TV
7:32 wait are they going to have a championship like in Pokemon journeys anime series  Like the ranking system and other things  They didn't even show gym leaders sooo.....
Pokemon games should come to ps5 and xbox aswell
The promotional match thing is gonna either be our gym system in this game or the champion system. Either that or it’s teasing dynamax also being in the game
The promotion match announcement connects to seeing Megas in champions
I wonder why Nintendo didn't make a water-type Piplup starter ? After all, its third evolution Empoleon seems more logical.
All the Starters are chonky bois.
Is the promotion announcement battle tower?
When I say the Legends Z-A trailor the first time I practically turned into an eagle. My parents looked at me like I was insane.
I’m excited for the game but not fully excited about what I saw in the trailer I really would have preferred something in the past during the development of the city
Why isnt Froakie a starter in Z-A 😭
Commenting simply for the Young Justice reference 😂 stay whelmed
Is it just me or does the male protagonist look like a young professor sycamore
Tbh I am more excited about Pokemon champions than ZA
Is my life not going to be in danger? Tragic. But still I'm excited and based of the starters I'm breaking a time honored tradition in my friend group where we are always the fire water grass trio because I am the fire girl. But I love totodile too much.
I hope the Shiny noise is back in Z-A
the only thing I’m worried about is that battling will be extra hard and dumb for Pokémon beginners and old heads who don’t know how to function this mechanic. And the Pokémon being up to scale with their actual height. We saw onix and he looked incredibly small.
Az no longer homeless
Is anybody going to talk about ominous that rotom message at the end of theza trailer was. That caught my attention real quick.
Maybe we (the player) discover a new pokemon form due to the urbanization development
TEAM SKY HAS FINALLY TAKEN OVER THE UNOVA REGION
tbh itd be cool as hell to see wild pokemon battling, grabbing each other and all that would be so fire
Pass
Did nobody else see how futuristic the 1st trailer was and be like dang this isn't the past?
"You're overwhelmed. Freeze was underwhelmed. Why isn't anyone just whelmed?" We have found the whelmed one.
They got 2 Johto starters for this game... Why?
I am happy they picked totodile. Hes been one of my fav water starters (except mudkip) ever.
I wish they could find a way to tie the anime into a game. Like for example, a game like gold, silver, and crystal, but instead of Johto and kanto, it goes all the way through Ash's journey, and would include the league tournament format, Jesse and James encounters (but obviously not as many as the show), all of the "gyms" he finds like the Sandshrew guy he finds after leaving cerulean city, and even the legendaries, mythicals, and starters would be found like in the anime. Also, bring in the orange archipelago series into the games. I also like Ash's philosophy about starting over each time you go to a new region, and to culminate everything into a giant finale, a champion level tournament at the end with the largest level pool, such as all lv 80+ enemy pokemon, where you use your favorites from all the regions. I think that game could be HUGE!
Honestly I wonder how many “years” have passed in game universe since the end of x and y
7:08 we all just gona ignore that ?
The new battle mechanics are interesting but I think the fact that there seems to be an opportunity to catch a Pokémon even after knocking it out might end up being the biggest game changer, especially when it comes to legendaries and shinies.  Still, all I needed to sell me on the game was seeing Chikorita as a starter. I love it so much and it's way overdue for some love.
They kicked out typhlosion from za,cuz of the pokemon leaks and legends arceus? Typhlosion is no longer in future pokemon games?
I'm not a big fan of legends za trailer why aren't we playing as Serena or the male trainer in za? Why did they put random customizable trainers in za,why does the game look too  modern and not in the ancient past like legends arceus?
7:19 inthing that zigaurds will be spreadmout through the city like how gimigoal was
New battle system is cool, not turn based and you dodge IN battle
I think the wild zones will work like the terrarium in the DLC where you upgrade them for more variety
Fun fact there will be a chance chikorita will be a grass fairy but not going to lie they are going to make worse cause its giving it more weakness unless they give it a move or an ability to help it
I'm so relieved it was late 2025 and not early 2025
For your next play through challenge you should play Pokémon Fire Red Kaizo Ironmon it will probably ruin you
Something I've just realized:  You have to "aim" and time attack moves now... So.... Does this mean not a single move has a 100% accuracy? 😂
I'm super excited , but i'm probably going to have to wait untill December for itbif not longer ya never know  I really hope the Nintendo Switch gets A Remake Or Remastered Pokemon Sun And Moon Would love to play that
Give your self some credit; Johto, Johto, Unova doesn’t make any sense.
I think the promotion match announcement is suggesting that there will be a tournament for the next lumiose city gym leader
Wait, what if there's a Paldea DLC for Legends Z-A???
The empoleon fans are going to be SO MAD! Im also sorry for the empoleon fans.
Wait, green jackets from the start... Oh my Arceus, Sky Mikey will be soo happy
I've watched so many reactions now, and you're the only one to pick up on how battle focused the nostalgia reel was before the Champions reveal lol
Well, I can’t say much from totodile, but I am wondering if they picked these starters more because they are the starters that really need help. Again, not sure about totodile, but Chikorita, while loved, is almost never used and is commonly considered to be the weakest starter in various analyses videos from various youtubers. As for Tepig, Emboar is probably one of, if not the most, disliked starters. Granted that doesn’t make him hated just the one many people have said needed a design change, along with Delphox. Granted, design is more subjective and thus I am likely wrong and possibly bias, but I am pretty sure many analysts videos have put them on the weaker side of the starter lists as well but I don’t quite remember.
I just realised the op anime move dodge it is cannon in the games with the new battle style
it's ScaVa graphics bruh
Noooooooo where is ash Greninja 😢😢😢
it looks like the game takes place in the modern day rather than the future or past
“No not those, no one cares about those” got me
I'm not really interested in Legends ZA... I'm just commenting saying how happy I am that Chikorita won't be bad anymore
If this takes place entirely within the city, I really hope every building is enterable. Because if it’s not, missed opportunity.  I’m looking in the background and some of these buildings have too much decoration to not be enterable. But maybe that’s wishful thinking.
It’s abit weird how two of the starters are Johto, but as long as they evolve into something cool, I’m down
Having a custom builder would be against the design philosophy of Pokémon. Pokémon at its core is a monster hunter. A collection game. Any Pokémon are those you caught and raised yourself. If you could build them and battle in official tournaments without even interacting with the Pokémon as you normally would it would fly in the face of that design, and probably also eat into their profits from the main series games.
Team Sky uniform colors!❤❤❤
This does disprove the theory from a past Meme Review. (I may be thinking of something else.) If you remember, there was someone who said that Z-A would still be in the past. Of course, the first trailer said REdevelopment, so I doubted it.
Everybodies prediction: Penguin Napoleon, Snake french serpent, football bunny  The actuality: Pear, Pig and Crocodile
I'm afraid they didn't learn what make Arceus refreshing and fun. Imo, seeing the past come together was great.
Number 9 on trending. Good show
❤❤😂😂🎉🎉😢😢😮😮😅😅😊😊
So the next legends game after plza will have the starters litten popplio and snivy... i think
I'm purposely avoiding ZA until I see if it's not a mess at launch.
I love this Lightning Returns battle system
i have a feeling that typhlosion is hugely controversial that they removed it, classic disney move
I just discovered something in the trailer whether you're talking about Mega Evolution have a look at the bottom corner there is a purple or pink circle that is a timer so it looks like the Mega Evolution is timed in battle to show how long the Pokemon can stay Mega for. Watch the trailer again and see if you can spot it.
If we see the secretary Vinnie he resembles Lyxander
5:21 those are 100% the main villains
It makes sense we got nothing new. This is the first trailer.  (Im not counting last years trailer. Since that’s seems to be more of a “HEY! you won’t get a mainline game this year but we are making something for 2025!”    We never got any new forms in legends Arceus first trailer. So it’s following the same formula. Show off the ne w mechanics. Save the forms for next time.   Now that we have entered 2025 we will likely get a lot more news of the game and marketing so. More trailers
they better have mega Charizard z and Mewtwo with the z mega!
Did they just kill Pokemon Showdown?
I wont be feel safe next to AZ thats for sure
battling in anime style😮😮😮😮
that means you can go to i think to fight leon the champion
03:11 my guess was chikorita tepig and popplio but i was soo close
I was jumping and screaming so exited the whole Z A trailer that i had to rewatch it because i was to exited to listen
I wonder if the wild zones will move around the map?
Why chikorita AND totodile, that’s my main gripe with all of this so far
Yes tepig I had money on tepig and chikorita but not totadile tho but hey it's okay cuz I'm picking tepig
I'm confused. If you don't have home, are you still legible to play champions?
Quasartico Inc is 100% gonna be the villain
THIS LOOKS LIKE PALWORLD
i already love vinnie because my nickname is vinny
No doubt about it I like the Chicarita line so you know who I’m gonna choose
Glad we got news in the first place honestly. I’m really excited! The graphics look like SV if they look more time to refine, them, I hope the starters get awesome mega forms, new battle system, I’m hyped!❤
CHIKORITA GETS SOME LOVE! My baby!
I just came from the German Trailer and DEAR GOD, everyone hear hates Z-A. Not a single good comment about the Game
Is it just me or the art style looks more like sword and shield?
Pokémon Champions will be full of annoying competitive players.
Nobody: Mixeli when ZA gets released:  All Boss Battles, NO Damage
The other two Johtonian starters after Cyndaquil in LA is diabolical
0:38 Interesting how I also thought it could be about worlds
This mean that the attack missing and hitting is depending on skills instead of luck🤔 Is kinda like the anime🤔
Wee need mega flygon!!!
The graphics have me a little concerned
I hope mega Metagross is in ZA because I don't want my shiny to be stuck in Alola for all eternity.
mark my words the next legends starters will be litten popplio and snivy
Yes yes  yes
dont get me wrong im really excited for pokemon champions but the worst part about it is that it's release essentially means that pokemon showdowns days are numbered, given pokemons history and frankly losing showdown is gonna suck
Legends ZA is set in the (near) FUTURE?! OMG!
Note, a quasar is a type of star, in space which is basically just sky but higher, also mega evolution started with Raquaza, and who guessed that the evil team would be a reference to team sky?     ME, I DID
I'm staying cautiously optimistic about their being no new forms
3:34 Doesn't notice 6:12 I guess seeing things is overrated. Like BRUH, what the fuck were you looking at the first time?
Bro i need the shiny hunting to be as good or better than PLA
I really hope Feraligatr gets a regional form or at least something
we can finally use the op anime only move "dodge it"
Something I wonder about is how you do that dodge mechanic, does your movements affect the movements of your Pokémon, or do you use a separate joystick to move your Pokémon around (I would prefer the latter). Overall really cool
Hot take im really disapointed about the starters
Finally something for people who can't afford a switch and uses emulator
Imagine the promotion match, they removed ash in the anime, to have him be included in the games 🤯
furfrou is back so the scalpers on home can get a job
So far I got pretty much everything I was hoping for. A futuristic theme, a new direction for the games, and I’m so glad it’s not just a reskinned Arceus and that it has its own battle mechanics
@4:31 the gates have the original sprite mon!
My friend and I predicted both tepig and chikorita.
Yesss I am also so hype about the new battle system, it looks so cool!!
I don’t like the new battle style it brings a whole new thing to learn and master in Pokémon and I don’t wanna
Am I actually finally gonna get to play a Tepig team!!!!!!!!
Am I the only one who thought the new battle mechanic was similar to Pokken?
Disappointed it’s two Gen 2 Pokémon starters.
The Disappointment on his face when he saw the starters .
oh yee
Are locked into Lumiose City? They never showed anything in regards to the rest of Kalos.
I predicted Chikorita and Tepig over 10 months ago but i had Popplio, didnt expect them to do 2 from same generation, so Totodile was never considered
I have to say this Pokémon Presents was pretty meh. However, i am mostly interested in mainline games and their remakes.
I wonder what the friend character, Urbain and Taunie, are? Are they simply an another character (like Blue, Wally, Hugh) or the protagonist that you didn't choose (like Brendan/May, Calem/Serena situation)? They kinda look like the MC.
megameganium coming
3:48 You know what is really CRAZY? These types of GRAPHICS in 2025😂 You are a Pokemon GLAZER
You know what is really CRAZY? These types of GRAPHICS in 2025😂 You are a Pokemon GLAZER
I'm sure it doesn't mean anything, but doesn't anyone notice the "Champions" Title looks like machamps belt?
I’m struggling to pick protagonists, their both have good designs.
AZ is wearing a pseudo old fashion suit, he’s tall, he’s skinny, his waist is snatched, he’s running a hotel… …I need Hazbin Hotel artists on this man NOW.
I think the starters were a great choice since meganium and feraligatr desperately need new forms and since emboar is considered to be one of the ugliest starters, giving it a new forms will help it a lot. Now that’s listening to the community right there.
The new battle style kinda looks closer to the anime cuz of the dogging and movement
MY CHILD TEPIG RETURNS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I just remembered the ultimate weapon it will happen during this time. 😮
team sky vid would be good for this because there green
Wait, I just noticed this, but the moves in Legends Z-A don't have PP anymore; it recharges just like in the Final Fantasy games.
Marriland team chart calculator video For legends ZA coming soon perhaps
The battle really looks like Digimon World's battle lololol
One step closer to realizing the anime in video game form. Just wished it was just the Pokemon moving but I'll take it
The only thing I wish for z-a was that they had 3 different starters from 3 separate gens. I am fine with chikorita because I have always had a soft spot for it but it's not a good pick for Johto games so im excited for it to be given a second chance. However I wish Todadile wasn't chosen instead went with a different generation.  Don't get me wrong, I love todadile and have nothing against him, i just feel the starters are very Johto heavy while with legends arceus it was more even with one from 3 different generation.  As of right now im likely to pick chikorita but we'll see how things change between now and the release date.
I want a ghost bug steel eevee
I think I understand the starter choices now. Welp, there goes most people's predictions of Snivy, Scorbunny and Piplup being the ZA starters because their final evolutions have a French theme (more so for Serperior and Empoleon).  Chikorita - Represents the indoor plants in Parisian homes and the herbs used in French cuisine. As my friend pointed out, French perfumes (those with eau de toilette something) can represent Meganium. After all, flowers are often used in perfumes.  Tepig - Represents the fact that pork is often used in French dishes. I mean, the French consume a lot of meat. Also, the entire Tepig line has a wrestling motif. Andre the Giant is French.  Totodile - Represents French high fashion. Because Lacoste is a French brand. Also, my friend pointed out crocodile leather. And we know that some luxury brands like Hermes and Louis Vuitton (both French brands) use it in their products (like handbags and wallets).
Anyone else thinks tepig is the odd one out😂
Well I’m picking totadile 80 percent of the time, chikorita will be the 20 percent❤
Question does the 0 hp you can catch the pokemon works on the pokemon who used explosion?🧐 Also Finaly!!! As one of the chikorita fans we finaly get JUSTICE Also the mc we got kinda look similar to proffesor sycamore😮
WOOOOOOO. WE GOT REAL TIME BATTLES LIKE IN THE ANIMA AND MANGA
I can guess that maybe the promotional match is kinda like what you did in Legends Arceus with the level upping your Star Member Ranks but this time in a like gym battle-esque format.   Also I see lady dimitrescu has a new friend now.
Is Az the hotel manager looking similiar to that machine weapon guy in pokemon xy game
Hello friends please 🙏
I am so happy I get to use my favorite stater and my favorite Pokémon with its mega at this same time! Tepig and Lucario. I’m excited!!!
I really hope they brought back the shiny chime! They better have
GOD I hope that have some good character customization also is nobody gonna mention the fact the protagonist is jumping from building to building and dodging Pokémon attacks. Is our character a frickin ninja
7:03 Gyarados side eye. Just thought it looked goofy. Presents was still amazing.
So can I call it pokemon stadium 3 ooooorr...
Why are two of the starters from the same gen 😢😅
Not gonna lie, I am a bit concerned about the new battle mechanics. I prefer the normal turn based stuff. This feels almost like what was done with the Final Fantasy VII remake where they did the real time movements and such. Add in the range of attacks and we might have alot of very unnecessary things to muddy the waters. Here is hoping the rest of the things we loved about Legends Arceus (like the shiny notification!) make a return.
Can’t wait for someone to use the flashing triangles to figure out a new form of vivilion or flouet
At 7:07 isn't that Lookers office from the X/Y post game?
Im honestly glad tepig made it as one of the starters in Pokemon Legends z-a tepig was my first ever pokemon so im sticking with it to the bitter end
this shit so ass
Could it be that we are gonna get 2 sets of starters like in cut? The first, Chikorita, Tepig and totadile which will get regional evolutions and the hoenn starters which will be able to mega evolve?
Guess having a real competitor in Palworld got Nintendo to actually care about game quality and what the players want. Funny how that works.
I like that wild battles are like the anime, when you ko the pokemon you can still catch it
I honestly would really like to see regional evolutions for the starters but I guess they will just give them a mega who’s is ok I guess.
Yoooooo I remember Lockstin&Gnoggin making a vid on the starter predictions and they got 2 of them right!!!!!
Wait a minute, Z-A is in France.  Is AZ just Victor Wembanyama?
Hi everyone!  So excited to see this game! I cannot wait to see the starters evolutions. I hope they tie in some way to the Kalos region's inspiration, for example the leaf buds on Chikorita could become a leaf shaped ruff, from 16th-17th century France, when it evolves! All three starters getting mega evolutions would be cool to see too as none of them have one yet.  One story theory I have would be to see if it focuses on the balance between humans and pokemon/technology and nature. As tech has increased in the pokemon world, habitats for pokemon could be shrinking and this new redevelopment plan could be the start of how to enable better co-existence in the future. With how Zygarde fits in, he could reach out to the protagonist in some way to help rebalance the city, if part of the plan this new company who has taken over the Prism/Lumiose tower goes haywire or too far in one direction or another and upsets the balance Zygarde protects.
This is actually gonna be like battles in the shows when u have to aim
Couldn’t help but notice that a lot of previous Pokémon gameplay trailers have had text boxes(for not super story important dialogue). This trailer shows a lot of gum flapping and no text boxes. Voice acting?
Guys! YOU CAN COMPLETELY KNOCK OUT PKMN AND STILL CATCH THEM!! WHY HAS NOBODY NOTICED THAT?!  (I’m assuming you probably have to throw the ball before it falls or it’ll just be dazed for a few seconds then run away) 5:57
Johto and Unova starters  As if they didn’t troll everyone enough with a gen 6 title when everyone was expecting gens 2 or 5 😂
I love the look of the characters in legends za!!! It reminds me of  the style of battle revolution which I loved so much as a kid!
"oh my god that guy died" i died bro
So...if AZ has his Floette, this must mean that this game occurs after the events of Pokemon X/Y, correct?  Unless it occurs 3,000 years in the past, which I highly doubt...
The biggest thing is they need to bring back the shiny sound
DARK SOULS POKEMON, LETS GOOOOOOOOO
These starters are not gonna have megas people. It would be way too complicated. Between a long ass name, items exclusive to a single regional variant instead of an evolutionary line, different typing and signature moves, it's just not gonna happen.  What COULD happen is that we get megas for the original Kalos starters though!
so ill expect that Totodile would be water dragon or water dark then chikorita would be grass fairy so tepig would be fire steel to balance the trio
Leader Mikey might have to revisit Kalos
Leader Mikey might have to revisit Kalos
Wait, could the end part be team flare?
I’m not gonna lie I’m pretty disappointed so far I know this is the first trailer we got but the fact like Mikey said they revealed no new forms at all and we’re locked(maybe) to one area really makes me not like the game, there’s only a few ways this game might make me want it A. If they do 100% Zygarde B. If they do add some sort of areas to travel to NOT in Lumiose and C. Add some cool mega pokemon it could be 2 and I’d be fine
Za finna be mid as hell I’m calling it
Pokemon with REAL TIME BATTLING
Imma be real I’m a little disappointed, expectations were too high, I thought it would be something like Arceus again, old timie, but still showing off some amazing stuff, don’t get me wrong, the mechanics we see are pretty cool, but it’s a bit far from the open world adventure we had Hopes are still there though, so praise the Larvitar
Why does this keep happening? This now makes 8/11 games where the Grass starter is the best one. This is very unbalanced as I'm sure you can see. Grass isn't a very good type with 5 types it's weak to and 7 types that resist it, but Game Freak has consistently pumped out good designs for the Grass starter. It doesn't get the clean sweep because of the 3 games where the Fire starter is better with one game having both the Fire and Water starters being better, but that doesn't make any of these 3 bad. Other members of their starter trio are just better. All the Grass starters are better than some of the Fire and Water starters but not all of them. This is not a good thing. The Water starter is never the best starter because of this horrible imbalance. Hopefully this is corrected in future games.
MAN WHERE MY MEGA GYARADOS Y FORM 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Type of regional starters possibilities Meganium Grass/fairy  Emboar Fire/ground  Feraligator Water/dragon
There are 2 starters from Johto Chikorita and Totodile And 1 starter from Unova Tepig  This is because Rowlet Cyndaquil and Oshawott has a Hisui form  Hopefully we might see Snivy, Litten and Popplio as a starter trio in next Legends series games
To be fair, u put tepig on the thumbnail of the starters vid
*Ahem*  CHIKORITA!
Ok so in regards to the battle mechanic it looks like you'll be able to take control of the Pokémon yourself and actually have to aim and attack kind of like poken tournament EX (if anyone aside from me ever played that game) which depending on how well the controls are implemented will either be the coolest thing Pokémon has ever done or will be so disappointing and infuriating to learn that it turns people away from the game all together
The “promotion match announcement” seems to possibly refer to Pokémon Journeys, where Ash participates in the tournament thing, to fight Leon and become world champion, and when he gets in a battle which winning could promote him to the next level, the rotom drone announces it? So maybe we’ll actually have an Elite four considering its modern Kalos, and seeing it incorporate the battle system from the anime, it’ll likely incorporate the same tournament thing from the anime.
So earlier I was, I made a brass type sandwich in my scarlet game and guess what I got the Pokémon I wanted that being shiny Rowlet so I use the spare time on the sandwich power and then guess what happened.        2! Shinys appeared those being Hawaiian executor, and shiny gloom and then a minute later, another shiny gloom appeared. This is crazy. I can’t believe this actually happened on the same day this happened. Oh my Arceus.
Here is the question why is there 2 Johto starters?
There is actually no way there is only two legends game and all three Johto starters are already used. And is it just me or the starter selection this time looked a little strange and weird
Why am i feeling like when mikey adds this game to the team sky lore, that tis time period is because of team night sky?
Pokemon x final fantasy is real
So if Chikorita gets a Mega, what do they call it? XD Ultra-Ganium? Uber-Ganium? Ultra-Ganium?   Super-Mega-Ultra-Fantasticganium?
They 100% put out that trailer because it's been a year since they've shown anything. It was mostly just to get people off of their back asking for information about the game.
For thos wondering. Z-A has to be in either the present or near future as AZ is shown with his floette
My theory is they will not reveal the megas till its released for bigger hype
if i DON'T HAVE TO use megas to progress i might actually get this game (ZA) despite not wanting to at first because it actually looks really interesting. i also hope i can get it on the og switch because i won't be able to get the switch 2  :/
I TRIED TELLING YOU ALL, I HAVE MADE COMMENTS ON OTHER MANDJTV VIDEOS AND OTHER YOUTUBERS TELLING YOU ITS ON THE FUTURE!!!! THE FIRST TRAILER SAID REDEVELOPMENT!!!!
3:11 CHIKORITA YESSS
But how is the new system of dodging gonna effect pvp battles..
Our Pokemon can follow us... Omg... It's no longer an exclusive thing to certain dlc areas and hgss.
Count your days Mikey, you have very few left
Is this is a Pokémon, but the anime has a game
I actually love the new battle system! Its alot more anime like and i think alot of clutch dodges are gonna happen..cant wait for nuzlokes! ((Also i got trauma from seeing that mega kangaskahn..))
Cannot believe we're FINALLY getting a Pokemon game that mixes the gimmicks of Mega Evolution and Terastilization, even though gimmicks are kinda cringe... And it sucks that we can't use our own Pokemon either  Z-A looks nice, but it sucks that it's more modern than back in time  I just wish we got Snivy instead of Chikorita. I mean I love the little dinosaur, I just think Snivy is more fitting
The greatest holiday of the year
“I’m whelmed” Young Justice fan clocked
I can not believe this. I create a battle style like the one from Legends Z A and used it in my modded version of Pokémon Sword a while back. Crazy to see it be a legitimate feature.
NO WAY, I ACTUALLY GUESSED HOW BATTLE SYSTEM WAS GOING TO WORK!!
Is Mikey going to play Pokemon Champions
It’ll be interesting to see if the starters get new forms like in Legends Arceus, or if they get new mega evolutions of there original form. Or if they’ll get both, that’d be sick!
Closer and closer to being an actual FIGHTING game. After I put up my Handheld, I said I would play a pokemon game till you could freely control them and battle like in a real Beat`em Up. Maybe in the next 2 or 3 gens.
This MIGHT be the death of Pokémon Showdown we gon have to see
Not a fan of the starters two johto and one kalos should of taken one from another gen imo
Why would they change the Starters? And why switch them BOTH out for 2 from Gen 2?
Too bad that shutdown the 3ds or I would put in the most op maga
The phone at the end has 3 cameras in galar they have 1 and paldea 2 maybe it is a itsy bitsy gen 10 teaser?
Terra, Mega and Hisuian forms!? What about Alohan and other regions! Z Moves!? if they are gonna pack EVERYTHING into this, this is gonna be WILD!
My guess on the image from the end is dynamax. Have it be a literal depiction of the tower and a dynamaxd pokeball  How that would play out though is beyond me
It feels a little weird to go back to gen 8 models after the gen 9 ones look so great but maybe they will help the game run smoother for the real time combat
.... it has a blinking bum hole...
Palworld gameplay
7:07 is that the Looker Bureau!?
It’s in the future!!!
I don't understand why they had two Gen 2 Pokémon in this game.
There's a few of things that suck here for me  1. They ripped the mega evolution animations straight from X and Y. I don't get why they'd do this considering they made it seem like they were spending time on the game. The least they could do is give revamped animations to a beloved feature.  2. Lack of showings for how long they kept us waiting on ANY content update. Like at all. I'm not asking for what they did with Gen 7 but holy crap man an entire year with no news for them to pop up and say "hey guys here's the starters and a cool new battle system. Nothing else have fun till thanksgiving!" Those things are the only real differences I'm seeing from LA as everything else they showcased while cool, isn't revolutionary. Lack of showing also seems like they're trying to hide a lot of issues that could be with the games. Already into the trailer you can see framerate drops at 6:23. If that's in a trailer with arguably minimal content I worry for what is gonna happen to these games.  To reiterate I'm not trying to take a fat dump on these games. I am still excited for these games and like most I will buy them, but it makes me worry that Game Freak hasn't learned from the dumpster fire that was SV on launch. Sure, many bugs can be fixed, but I would genuinely be disappointed if the graphics are as piss poor as they were in SV. So far I'm not too worried graphics wise but I definitely feel that there are still cracks on the surface that we have yet to see.
I am so disappointed by Z-A.  It could have been so cool to have you build the city as we know it in X and Y. AND DON’T GET ME STARTED ON THE STARTERS. Idk i’m still gonna play it. But the trailer made my excitement plummet
I like how the MCs are not kids anymore. Imagine you're helping a city redevelopment, and a bunch of kids doing the adult stuff. Im hoping they will reveal more in the future
So we can get our Pokemon to dodge as if we're pulling the on a leash? Dang it Nintendo, you were so close to making the game I've been waiting for since Stadium. Here's hoping they make it more than just slight repositioning. Until then, I guess I can always go back to PokePark...
Idk about tepig but i think they know chikorita and todadile are in need of some love. New forms or even megas will forsure be included with these starters.
MY FAV POKEMONNN TOTODILE IS BACKKKKK
I don't really understand why we couldn't leave Lumiose to catch pokemon. I understand as to why it's the centre point of the game since it's going through possibly the biggest development for a city in Pokemon EVER, but also, I don't see how a Magikarp could meet the requirements of evolving into a Gyarados in a sewer or dragon pokemon just casually strolling down the street. Besides this part of the city just being rundown with no supervision or safety for districts next to the wildzones, I also refuse to believe people are kind enough to let UNCAPTURED pokemon roam freely.
That's very interesting having 2 starters from gen 2. Chikorita for the win!
Im actually more excited about Pokémon Champion's than ZA! Lol
Can we talk about looker’s office??!!
I think they are just waiting until closer to release to start showing new mega Pokemon. No way they didn’t create any new ones. Anyway yay my girl Chikorita ❤ I’m so happy I love Meganium.
Who’s ready for a team sky play through? 👇
...wait...that Onix...is tiny....
Green outfits for team sky!!!💚
Tbh i kinda sus with the announcement at the end. The left and right feels like Pearl and Diamond color
pokemon champions looks good, but the graphics for pokemon legends z-a look kinda bad. im scared about z-a, it looks like legends + nostalgia bait
I honestly don’t like or get the setting of Wild Zone….like you are developing a city not a god damn zoo. There are what looks like shop in wild area? And from the looks of it, it looks more restrictive like you can the end of wild area the moment you go into it,why?
um
This is kinda disappointing ngl
Snivy was left behind 😭
Why are thwre 2 jhoto starters though😭
I'm almost a 100% sure that this is based in the future, in accompaniment to Scarlet and Violet! Your character is spanish  traveling via subway to Kalos! It has to be! Megas, terrastrialization, that missing chunk of the map from scarvi! And Vinnie has to be related to the Home Ec teacher, Saguaro!
7:03 side eyeing gyrados
No way they made an actual dark souls game in the battling too
Im gonna love playing with firaligator again. Best johto starter.
I'm baffled by the starter choices. Why they chose chikorita and totodile from gen 2 yet kept tepig from gen 5.
I'm almost a 100% sure that this is based in the future, in accompaniment to Scarlet and Violet! Your character is spanish  traveling via subway to Kalos! It has to be! Megas, terrastrialization, that missing chunk of the map from scarvi!
So they made the battle system more like the anime. Telling your pokemon to dodge, that's actually pretty cool. Also allows The Pokemon Company to see how well it's received to do a true MMORPG style game for pokemon. I'm excited.
I haven’t cheered for a Pokemon release for years. My boi Tepig is a starter in this game and I am so happy.
I didn't realize as I was watching on the official channel, but the shot at 7:07... Isn't that the Looker Bureau!?
Wild zones feel so absuive, the city makes designated areas for wild animals and then you go in those zones, dog fight them and then kidnap them? It's so much worse than other games like sword or legends arceus because we didn't trick them into feel comfortable
If it’s not 100% accurate it’s 50% accurate except now it really is technically 50% accurate
I feel like if we are to get any new megas or new regional variants, I feel like that may be introduced later
In the original Kalos game, we were given the Kanto starters, so maybe if the game (which looks like it's set in the future), is self-aware, maybe they'll be like:  "Yeah we were looking to give you one of three Johto starters, but our Cyndaquil unfortunately disappeared in a puff of smoke. I really hope it didn't go back in time..."
4:00 ok y’all might just have to hear me out with AZ 👀
I don’t like that they picked 2 starters from the same generation
Ngl, I found the trailer to be very mid, some stuff looks pretty cool but it didn't evoke any feeling beyond that
I'm actually offended, the still call it zee-a in the uk version! There is no difference, it is actually ridiculous! It's zed-a if it's for the uk, nintendo!
Chikorita Tepig and Totodile huh I guess they thought nah let's do two Johto starters and a Unova starters
When I saw the male protagonist. I did the SpongeBob meme of "OMG he's hot" XD and this is come a straight guy
3:09 we all were…
Really excited about the new battle system
FINALLY MEGAMEGA-NIUM
ZA Just Seems Like Another Pokemon Game That Still Looks Really Easygoing, I Just See More Handholding, More Wild Areas, It Even Still Has To Show You Where To Go And How To Do Something In The Game... I Guess We're Too Dumb To Figure Out How To Play Games, And I Played Pokemon Red Back In 1999... Sorry Pokemon, I'm Gonna Be Playing Palworld Now...
Maybe Chikorita will actually be good in this game. :P
Looks like PP is gone.
I’m guessing they r going announce more in the coming months
ZA's battle style reminds me of Pokemon Adventures (just without the trainer being able to be attacked).
this trailer alone gave me the hype to wanting to preorder it. I love chikorita but i 100% hope they wonìt give her the fairy type. It would be the 5th grass starter, in 11 main games, to get a 4x weakness, it's almost half of them, water and fire both only have 1 each
The starters 🤦🏼
Does everyone ignore that the hp can go on zero now to capture Pokemon?
"Promotion Match": I theorize that we work for Quasartico, and to get promoted in the company, you have to battle for the position.
My only concern is the wild areas... they look relatively small compared to what we're used to from Legends: Arceus and I can't see them having a huge selection of Pokemon within them. If I had to guess I'd say that the City itself with all of the wild areas within it is essentially the equivalent to one of the areas of Legends: Arceus, so I'm expecting there to be other areas that we can visit, which they are saving for future reveals. It does seem odd that a Legends game wouldn't be set in the past, but perhaps one or more of the other areas we visit is in the past... and with the city modernising, maybe we'll even visit the future as well this time. This would continue on from the past & future theme from Scarlet & Violet... and Z-A even has representations of both the past and future in AZ and Quasartico respectively.
Ah yes, more dead silent characters... GF will never up their production values, will they?  I also really dislike the bland Scarlet & Violet graphics. Hopefully the Switch 2 will at least allow these games to look sharper & run better.
I love the fact that totodile is a starter, definitely my choice
raah, Totodile rise up.
It took us this long to unlock ashes secret fifth move he had on every Pokemon… DODGE
Really wished they used something like Torterra instead of Chikorita. But Meganium and Feraligatr getting something new is exciting
I want to catch Eternal Flower Floette so bad!
Lol. Micheal is like, " Yes"!!! with arms in the air, but with the announcement of Scarlet and Violet stuff, "No!!!" I always looked forward to these unexpected openings.
Im glad that totodile, chikorita, and tepig are finally getting lobe after so many years.
Pokemon Champions will answer which is better megas, z-moves, dynamaxing, or tetra.
I really hope Emboar's gonna be Fire/Ground, that'd be sick!  (Yes, Emboar is my favorite starter.)
Not gonna lie... I'm a little disappointed with the starter choices... 😞
So basically, Pokemon Legends Arceus + PokePark 2: Wonders Beyond
So we got Legends Arceus, a game about the past of a well beloved region. Then Scarlet and Violet, a game about the past and future. And now Z-A, a game about the future of a region that was not too well liked
We better get ash greninja
Lucario and Charizard are like the poster-boys for Mega-Evolution. Only for Mega Charizard X, tho. No-one cares about the other one.
And I Thought I Was Tell But AZ Proved Me Wrong
Did they buy an android to deliver the news? The guy doesn't look real. Emote dude, EMOTE!
pokemon followed the way of final fantasy, hilarious
I'm going to be honest I don't get why they had two johto starters in the mix I think it would have been better if it was Chikorita, Tepig, Popplio or Snivy, Litten, and Totodile But that is just What Im thinking
Champions was a goated announcement but z-a was a let down. We got the worst like up of starters 😭
Thank Mikey, I’m taking your “I’m whelmed”
I’m not happy with Legends ZA starters
Sorry, is it a real-time battler???
For those worried that we may never get Mega Typhlosion, Torchic got a mega evolution as part of an event in X and Y, so we could get Cyndaquil with a Typhlonite (or whatever they call its mega stone) held. Meaning that its possible that we get all Johto starters with megas. Then in the future Unova remakes, Emboar will pull a Blaziken and have his ready for when they eventually come, and we'll most definately get Mega Samurott and Mega Serperior.
Nintendo Exec: "RE:village showed us people like tall people. Lets bring back AZ."  Pokemon Fans: "I...I dont think it was the just the height..."
I don't understand how Pokémon fans don't see what they are doing. All their effort is going into mobile games because they make more money. How lazy and greedy Nintendo has become with Pokémon is disgusting. A-Z looks like scarlet and violet garbage. And champions will be riddled with micro-transactions. Pokémon fans will consume anything at this point truly sad.
I am begging and praying they give my man meganuium a mega, or make chickorita better.
"I'm whelmed" 😂😂😂 that made me cackle
Whyyyyyyy two joto starters D:
6:52 that looks like a timer on the mega evolution in the bottom right corner showing how many moves you can use
The new battle system should definitely help make it feel more immersive, which is really interesting.
I think that rather than time traveling, this will just be what Kalos looks like at the time of our player
I just LOVE to see Megas in the Scarlet & Violet style. I was sad about no Gen 10 (so it would come out in 2026) and no new Megas, but I love that you can battle like the anime now and I hope that they add that to the mainline games!  Mikey had the EXACT same reaction as me to the Rotom phone cases!😂
Grass/fairy, fire/ground and either water/steel or water/fighting
so is the legends series just open world games instead of going back in time? idrc i still dig it either way
I was Geeking when I saw they had 3D movable battles in ZA. Also there was parkour 3:27
so z-a battle system honestly looks like the closest system to the anime we've ever had. your pokemon can physically move, dodge, etc in real time
Never before has a Pokémon game felt such like a crappy wizard 101 ripoff. Only Pokémon could get away with this…
Unless there’s a way to battle normal in the game I’m not gonna waste my money on it (like I did with legend) I like easy cozy stuff because I’m not good at all with games lmao I really don’t need another reason to add to my psychiatric 😂  I’m disappointed lmao.  Also I don’t like the graphics the Pokémons feel strange like the eeveelution I dunno the look too smooth.
At 5:01, it kind of looks like a Bunnery head in Vinnie's hair, and at 5:27 it looks like the side of Pancham's head with the leaf in its mouth.
I'm very excited about finally getting a new Stadium-like with all the mechanics, and Z-A's new battle system singlehandedly makes me hyped for that too. They finally found that perfect formula to make you feel like you're in the anime.
Reply to me if ur choosing Tododile
I can understand totodile/Feraligtr with the whole crocodile/alligator in Louisiana, also the crocodile that was captured in the sewers of Paris 1984, and it was a French zoologists that gave the term Crocodilus mississipiensis and the genus alligator. Tepig/Emboar, probably since the oldest recording of wrestling is in France, also there's Andre the giant. Chikorita/Meganium is probably the fleur-de-lis or the flower of lily, which is also the same symbol used by the new Orlean saints.
Hail yeah, Patrat and Watchog on the switch.  I know I’m the only one who thinks this, but they are my favourite early route rodents
OUR CHARACTER CAN NOW CLIMB WALLS
5:29 I bet this guy eventually gets a hisuian zoarark
Here’s hoping that Legends AZ will improve Chikorita, Tepig, and Totodile with a new form when they fully evolve.
Just wanted to say I totally called the futuristic design space when the first teaser dropped. Between the Concierge S2. ORAS Sync pairs in Masters EX, and Tepig & Totodile as starters this Presents was directly targeted at my fiancé and me lol. Also it's honestly hilarious they didn't reveal a single new form or Pokémon design
BRING ME MEGA FERALIGATOR
It’s to bad the three starters suck
Why is nobody mentioning that we’re going to see the POKEMON WAR IN REAL TIME. Or at least it’s going to play a big part in the game. Either this game takes place BEFORE the Pokemon War (PW) and we get to see what leads to it/ get to participate in it/ get to see what exactly happens to Floette/ might aid in building the machine that kills everyone OR it takes place AFTER and they’ll be mentioning that Lumiose was probably made so that another PW wouldn’t happen/ they’re sacred that it’ll happen again/ there might be a lot dead people involved. Or they might completely just avoid the subject all together. Which would be a bummer…
This team Sky is from the future if I'm not wrong and lumio city and the ZA lumio city is in the future, so this tells me team night Sky is from lumio city in the future.
1:22 Missed opportunity for Incineroar to be in the cover art
I love everything about za except that this might be the worst starter trio of all time 😔
6:35 This is to go evem further beyond
Love how my birthday is today, I get to see the Pokémon announcement on my own, then watch his reaction to it all
I just realized this game will be out just in time for Kalos Tour in PoGo. Assuming of course our new Arabian overlords haven’t shut us down by then.
Ok, so I have few thoughts. I was not expecting it to be modern. Seemingly set after X and Y. So hopefully that means we get reference to the events of the game.   The starters I was fully wrong. But this is interesting. Between Arceus and ZA we have all 3 Johto starters, 2 Unovan andn1 Alolan. So for the next Legends game I can see Snivy, Litten and Poplio. Confidently the missing ones fit the slots.   I feel we're being deceived. The company doing this likely has an alterior motive. Look at all Pokemon games since X and Y. There's been malicious corporations (based). I think that's why Zygarde is up and moving. It's detecting a disturbance. Maybe they have collected the Ultimate Weapon and in upgrading the city want to use them together. Think the city wide transmutation circle in Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood. Same convenient round shape with noticeable rounded sections.  If they want to double down on the sci-fi angle I could see Lysandre being alive. Perhaps he was found alive in the rubble. As the weapon could have given him immortality and maybe he's being cybernetically enhanced to move. You can call it crazy but we had an Android replica of the Professor and time travel in the last game.   Let's also not over look it gave us a look at what seems like Lookers office. Maybe he's on the trail of something suspicious? A conspiracy is afoot.   I also suppose Jett the person in charge could be like AZ and maybe granted immortality from back then and could be trying to reuse the weapon or end their eternal life. Crazier theory but let's see
This game looks like the new detective Pikachu.
I'm assuming there's a custom builder, but you would have to spend money to get certain Pokemon and items. So I'd expect either gacha or microtransactions, both of which would suck.
6:29 Why is that Onix so small?
Z-A is a sequel to xy
TOTODILE!!!!!! GEITTING THE LOVE IT DESERVES!!! WOOOO!!!!
I love that they picked Chikorita and Tepig, who I guessed might get picked due to lack of popularity but Totodile was out of left field and I really wanted it for a Unova Legends (since you know, gators are from the US).  It really should have been Piplup or Popplio. I'm sad they didn't go with Victorian era when Paris actually went through an urbanization development, but we'll go with solarpunk.  Aside from that it looks pretty cool and DAMNIT I want Taunie's outfit 😭 Also betting we'll only get megas and not regionals (which sucks but eh)
So the question becomes: Do we get Z-Moves and Dynamax too? I would think we at least get Dynamax, considering SwSh are still on the Switch.
I was in the middle of math class and I just had to watch the Pokémon direct to get news about legends ZA and I am so glad that I can have tepig as a starter again
IS CHAMPIONS LIKE A SEQUEL OF COLOSSEUM??
The guy in the ad is a npc
Disappointing who t the Pokemon, everything else is cool but where are new Pokemon or forms and megas, probably the most disappointing poke talk in my opinion sadly because there's no new Pokemon 😭
How did you predict the concept of Champions within seconds while Wolfie took most of the trailer to connect the dots lmao  God I'm so hyped for this. Legit the only thing I wanted from this direct, and I got it, finally, accessible PVP.
A lot of cool features in that ZA game. I am disappointed that they are not that far back in the past, i rather liked that in Legends Arceus.
Okay so after seeing how they brought back Legend's way of catching Pokemon it just shows me that they went after Palworld despite it having been out before they put in the patent the capturing system just so they could abuse their power to try and ruin anther game title and that they're afraid of competition in the market. You honestly can't patent a gaming mechanic as that means GTA would hold the rights to this sort of capture mechanic not the Pokemon Company as they used it first on a mod.
Finally, chikorita and tepiq will be loved again
They made onix tiny AGAIN !!
Let down for Pokemon day
Pokemon champions can either be very good if that main format is just 1 or 2 gimmicks at a time, but if this changes this to all of them. A lot of people don't like movies and dyanamx in competition, this also includes megas to an extent.
No need to rely heavily n showdown sorry showdown
Sounds like a New adventure for TEAM SKY
I guess palworld made them try harder thats nice
3:07 LETS GO!! TEPIG IS BACK IN THE SPOTLIGHT BABY!! YES!! 🙌
YOu literally just spoiled the video for me bro with that thumbnail showing the starters hope it was worth it for the clicks. 😡
I'm surprised they have two generations 2 Starters
To be honest im kinda disappointed. totodile is the only starter i personally care about in the 3 since i thin chikorita looks ugly and tepig is alright i guess. Live battles don't really look all that interesting but im wiling to give it a try. But the one thing that im really disappointed about is that I see no new forms or mega's, so i hope later on in the line we will see new things from this game but right now my interest for the game defiantly declined
Looks worst then Scarlett and Violet tbh
Not gonna lie, I'm kinda disappointed with the starters for z.A they have two jotoh Pokémon and 1 univa they could put a different starter for the grass or water
I assume pokemon champions was made to make sure the competitive scene doesnt use the ZA battle system, because that would be a DRASTIC change.
Totodile for life! ❤
I feel that the gameplay graphics seem a downgrade from legends arceus and also its like so disappointing that we wait this long and we don't get to see regional forms, new megas, or if the starters have new evolutions or megas.
If we get a Mega Charizard Z, like they have 3 different forms it doesn’t need another cool looking form
I really got baited to the Kyogre and groudon scene😂 (I know he didn’t show it in the trailer)
I want a team sky run
Almost all of the starters already have a gimmick  Kanto has Megas Hoenn has Megas Kalos are the Regions main Pokémon  Sinnoh we just had a game about them. And they weren't even the starters given to you. Cyndaquil, Oshawott, Rowlet. 3 different regions as well as new forms.   So without repeating regions or Pokémon, and excluding gimmicks. As well as possibly making the pokedex gens 1-6 exclusive. With possibly a few new mons, and mons after gen 6.   That legit only leaves The 2 Johto and Unova Starters. But then we'd have 2 grass, 1 fire, 1 water starters.   You could argue Alola. But again. Mostly Kanto through kalos dex. So don't want anything higher than that. Even if you did go to a Gen above 6. Galar I believe is literally around the corner of kalos. So they could have picked from one of those mons since dynamax isn't a feature in this game  Regardless of the reason. They must have a lot of faith in the starter choice. Cause I don't 😂
Guys I think I know why they didn’t include cyndaquil….. 😬
The new battle system sort of reminds me of Yo-kai Watch Blasters and Yo-kai Watch 4.
The shocking thing is ZA was delayed to NOT be a switch 2 launch title... it better be the most polished pokemon game since B2W2
Ok, something that I noticed: by thd looks of it thsy aren’t doing the "Noble Pokemon" thing they seem to be doing the gym system thanks to the numbers on the Pokemon wild areas having numbers on the gates. (Since from what I saw, the numbers went from 1-8) or maybe they’ll do a mix of both IDK.
Rip Pokemon showdown in advance when champions releases
The champions game maybe the first game to be able to use all 4 gimmicks in a battle, so let's prey that Z Moves and Dynamaxing is a thing.
Looks awful, game can't even run properly. Another GameFreak disgrace.
So they make the battle more anime style. That's actually sounds pretty neat
there is prob gonna be a builder and rend system, but also the option to use pokemon caught in the game
Chiky!
Did anyone else notice that the Flaafy’s hp bar was empty when the ball was thrown? Does this mean knocking out wild pokemon doesn’t stop us from catching them?!
I was at least expecting us to see the new Mega Flygon that we were promised.
Bro the UI looks like palworl's, at least the exp and  the super efective messages look like it
Soooo it seems like this game is going to mostly or only take place in the city. Yeah this seems like another miss to me at least. (Wasn't a fan of Arkoos either.) Champions looks good though.
I honestly don't feel the same legends vibe, this feels like sv but in kalos minus a majority of the region. Not saying it's bad, it looks wonderful but ig I'm just a bit disappointed :)
Idk but personally it just feels like legends z-a isn’t really a Pokemon game but more of a builder game and it doesn’t feel like it’s going to be all that exciting to me not hate just my opinion
someone need to tell AZ to be in the nba bruh
2:51 The male protagonist looks like a young profesor sycamore!
My excitement died down a lot for za when i saw the starters can't believe they put chikorita as the grass starter when snivy is right over there
7:07 is that not lookers office?
I like your starter choices better wait...legends in modern? i want terror I want history!
Happy National Pokémon Day everyone!
In some of the clips Tepig looks strangely pink lol
Pokémon Stadium is FINALLY coming back to Switch in the name of Pokémon Champions!
They're probably keeping the New Forms and New Megas a secret for future trailers :)
The Battle mechanics look more like the anime
I think they made chikorita's line a part grass part fairy type just like how Radical red did it.
Lowkey, I have no clue who to pick out of the starters. I chose Cyndaquil in Johto and Oshawott in Unova. It will definitely depend on the final forms/megas.
5:55 wow chikorita have fairy move.
Snivy better get an insane Mega for being the odd ball out from Unova
MY BOYYY TOTODILE IS BACKK WOOOH cant wait for regenal form  for feraligatr as hes my favourite pokemon
hecj yeah... action rpg... time to do that whole "keeping my distance till i find a pattern" thing...
unpopular opinion: the battle system looks scuffed.
The non player used version of Urbain and Taunie has Hisuian Zoroark hair
I can't believe Tsukasa Tenma is gonna be our rival
Was that gigantimax?
not sure if this is just me but i HATE  the sv art style, i really wish it looked like arceus
Im dissapointed that they didnt show new pokemon or megas. I also have a theory there wont be new forms for the starters cuz Arceus was hundreds of years in the past and those pokemons evolution were like there Primal forms so the only thing that could make sense is if they get megas. Also you could maybe get the Kalos starters later in the game like you got the Kanto starters in XY (also hope the kalos starters get megas). The only thing that I dont like is the feeling of being trapped in the city with only small zones where you can catch pokemon compared to other games where you explore the whole region. Im hoping that you can explore the whole region, but have Lumiouse as a center checkpoint that you visit every once in a while simillar to XY. I also hope the gyms will have the same gym leaders and champion as in XY, but older and more experienced (hopefully with more pokemon instead of 3 for the final gym) with for example Bonnie being the new electric gym leader.
I think ZA looks interesting so far but man did the pokeball throwing look stiff. Legends Arceus gave some weight to the throws and in this trailer it just looked stiff and sloppy. Still excited though.
Eh
its just like the anime 6:20 what i wanted for years!!!
I’m dissapointed that doesn’t look anywhere near as good as legends arkoos
Does it mean we can potentially have a no hit run?
i went into the presentation with low expectations because they're not going to waste big surprises this go around when the 30th anniversary is next year my expectations were met and surpassed, simply by seeing poke-paris and a new revolution-style battler ^^
Fun that this got revealed on my birthday (Don't like this just because it's my birthday, I'm not trying to get top comment or anything.)
lol so its Digimon Next Order
there are dodge rolls 3:49
My guy, it's not even a new version of a region like Hisui. Expecting new forms in an already present setting is getting your expectations too much
I think they need to redesign the Amaura line into a more modern interpretation of a sauropod and that’s all I need to be convinced to try to get it.
I was hoping it to be fully past related. Thinking that Legends games would be exploring the lore behind different parts of the pokemon world... though how the new battle gui & system looks really cool..
bro wheres my dragonite reginal or mega :(
I was pretty disappointed because 2 JHOTO STARTERS!
Imagine if they picked the starters by spinning a wheel lol
how di you not react to eternal Floette ? it's the first time we officially see them !
My Favorite Pokemon Watchog is finally coming back.
Bro why did we get two gen 2 starters and totodile is the only starter I like here
Team Chikorita (Lets Give it some Love)
Honestly I had a feeling that Chikorita was going to be a starter and that Tepig was probably going to be the fire starter. Wasn't expecting Totodile though.
Too many hacked pokmons
I mean, i at the least expected to be modern, even futuristic, but nobody else thought that was even a possibility, and all because "legends Arceus was set in the past, so this one must be as well!" When the middle gen 9 games were all about different time period pokemon. It just made sense for za to be future, considering we had past in arceus, and present in scarlet and violet.
I’ve been wanting this kind of battling for almost 30 years
The battle system to me looks like a 3d version of the Monster rancher battle system with substations
I have to say that I'm not really impressed with Legends Z-A so far; it feels too similar to Scarlet and Violet for my liking. I hope the next direct will change my perspective.
Wait can you not fail a shiny now?????
6:00 you can chatch a pokemon when there fainted
Z-A's starters are literally that if the Johto games with Cyndaquil swapped out for Tepig.  Did they even try?
Hoping my precious Lima bean gets a buff.
I got Emboar right
I don’t get why 2 of the starters were from Johto. But I am picking Totodile.
Glad they seemed to have announced every thing fans asked for like: New battle mechanics, upgraded graphics, seemingly much longer development time, and a legends game.
CHICKORITA IS GIVEN SOME LOVE FOR THE FIRST TIME. (I don’t think chickorita is that good i just thinks it’s good that some less loved Pokémon get some spotlight)
I don’t know about everyone else but I rather enjoy Pokémon legends Z-A be the into the future style game instead of the past one , legends arches set the foundation of how the relationship between humans and Pokémon looked like , and now legends Z-A is going to show that same relationship evolve and see how it’s looks like in the future , that’s why legends Z-A it didn’t make sense for it to take place in the past like legends arceus but instead show us something new
I'm not sure whether or not I'll enjoy the new battle style. I prefer more strategy based games so I'm not sure how much I'll enjoy a more boss battle type thing
Naming my starter Gohan and screaming at it to DOOOOOODGE
The end clip is Galar y'all. Promotion matches would be a Galar-exclusive thing, as that's the only region with promotion and relegation for gyms. Also, the rotom phone released in Galar, not Paldea like some have been saying
i'm picking the grass starter to go with my team style and i'm using a fire type
Hi Whelmed, I’m PokéFan
The battle style It kind of like the anime
ZA looks fucking awful
They gave us 2 starters from same gen 😭🙏
What I would absolutely love to have and hopefully soon we will, is that we can directly control the Pokémon like in Pokken Tournament. The trainers are out of the arena and we the player as the Pokémon, dodging attacks in real-time, timing defences and when we use moves like agility we actually move faster. This kind of gameplay would in my opinion make make stat moves so much better to use because again, it's real-time. Using defence boosting moves and tanking hits to get off a charge up attack like Solor beam, dodge and boost our attack just before a close combat or having moves like lightscreen be something we can truly see and watch as it blocks a flamethrower. At this point it's only a matter of time until we get cinematic style battles.
I got two out of three starters! I didn't have a pick for grass so .. but I really wanted the other two! Like before ZA announced I wanted Tepig and Totodile
Az really pops in like the Undertaker. Its so easy to forget that hes like 9 feet tall
What are the odds Michael goes full Team Sky in the initial ZA playthrough when he realizes the player's clothes are green and black? 1 to 1?
AZ looks so much older in this then x and y but it isnt the future lol the timeline is a mess what has Volo done 😂
I think this is taking place after X and Y. The male character looks so much like Professor Sycamore, I wonder what the purpose of this is, especially with possible decedents. I wonder if they were rebuilding after the effects on Lysander's whole thing. I think these Legend games are going to go back and forth between past and future.
To be fair I liked your idea for starters way better. I don’t hate those starters just liked your idea better
I’m surprised he didn’t mention anything about catching a fainted mon as he’s mentioned that before in some videos how it would be easier to catch them fainted. But then again I only JUST caught it when I watched it live so maybe he didn’t catch it. 😅
You’re a trend MandJTV!
Everybody online was saying "They really didn't want us to guess the starters" LOL
I'm guessing (totally not copium) they chose the starters because all of them are regarded as pretty bad and they buffed all of them significantly. Meganium is unanimously regarded as the worst starter of all time, Feraligatr has always been underwhelming as a pure water physical attacker with a lackluster move set and Emboar while not bad per se was always overshadowed by the other two fire-fighting starters. All of them are in need of a buff or rework, so if they actually did that, it'd make sense to use them as starters in the new game to show off the changes.
Not liking the starter options at all. This is just a hunch, but it seems like they chose the starters from the same groups as the last batch of starters. So when they make the next Legends game, I wouldn't be surprised if it was Poplio, Litten, and Snivy, so that every member in the starter trios of gen 2, 5, and 7 have a regional variant. Honestly disappointed in that.
Random thought but if: Legends Arceus had Cyndaquil  Rowlet Oshawott  Legends Z-A has Chikorita Totodile Tepig  Then if the next legends had Snivy Litten Popplio  Then all 3 gens starter trios will have been used in a legends game
I find it interesting that they refer to the battling in Champions as "core style battling" and PLZA is using real-time combat as it's main game play. Sure Legends is sort of a spin off series and really experimental but it's interesting to think they might be thinking of phasing out the turn based in the mainline games to be used in Champions
So they copied the battle style from Palworld?
Worst starters ever I’m gonna be real
what a very mid starter lineup
I love Vinnie hair tie it's a pancham and buneary
Having two Gen 2 starters isn’t a bad thing, but like we should’ve gotten three different gens of representation.   Chikorita needs the love, so it can stay.  Tepig is fine. They can stay  I think Totodile should’ve been swapped out for something else. I don’t hate totodile, in fact it’s my favourite Gen 2 starter. But it’s for that reason that I think its spot should’ve gone to something else; Piplup or Poplio would’ve been better choices.
I yawned ill say that much
1: TWO Johto starters!?  2: That battle style where the Pokémon can move and dodge attacks is EXACTLY the kind of battle style I've been wanting to see since I started watching the Anime!  3: Will Eternal Flower Floette FINALLY become obtainable after first being revealed so long ago? IT'S BEEN 3,000 YEARS!!!
PLEASE FULL REACTION
Now i am going to have a headache trying to figure which starter to pick caus i love all of gen 2s starters
To be honest. I was kinda hoping ZA would be stylized like Arceus
Mega evolution never left it just fell asleep for a generation
4:56 I feel like it was to make fun of the people hoping for Legends Johto or Unova.
7:06 Ain't no way that's Looker's office??!!! Is Looker gonna be in this game?! WHY & HOW?!
2 gen 2 starters was not anticipated
The player character did get into a flying mount that was invisible so I am positive that that's either a new form or a new pokemon completely. Besides that, we did notice a new move for Chikorita. I wonder if they are going the Hisui route with new forms or the ORAS route with new megas for the starters... Or maybe both but that is dreaming quite high. Also, if they get megas, can we hope for megas for Samurott, Serperior and Typhlosion as well? So far, we don't have any starter trio where only some of them have megas and the others don't (We did for a while but ORAS fixed that)
“Certainly not overwhelmed”  His reaction to AZ proves that otherwise. 😂
Az having a hotel is so funny
So ZA is cutting the trend of every 3 years a new generation comes out. So we'll have to wait for Gen 10.
My only real gripe is that the mega strands don't connect to the Pokemon like they do in the anime, would have been a nice touch. Also not sure about the ease of going onto buildings, would have been nice to have an in-universe reason, rather than teleportation (climbing or flying Pokemon, hanging a ride off of an Aegislash or something). Still, super hyped for new Pokemon Stadium!
this game does not look located in the past to be honest, I've played xy, and this looks more like the future, in a good way.
The ominous sound at the end when showing the tower only gives me ideas of what we are helping create without knowing until it's too late...
I am calling that the next legends game is going to be in the future.
Given that we got 2 starters in X & Y, one Kalos & one Kanto, I can see us getting Snivey, Litten or Popplio later in the game.
So....remember when Mikey said Za was 100% gonna be in the past?😅  Jokes aside, I am so glad for both campions and ZA. Also thank God it was not Snivy and Piplup since they would be so redundant. And Tepig needed some love
I kind of expected Totodile due to the cave paintings in the south of France and it evolves into a caveman. I have no idea about the other two.
This game does not resemble anything like Arceus, it doesn't have any of the charm
if your not overwhelmed then youre underwhelmed, if you are not either, you are whelmed
pokemon za is looking good to me also the new battle system reminds me of xenoblade games  edit: I think the wild zones will have most of the Pokemon but the rest of the city will have some random Pokemon as well like trubbish.
Ngl looks boring af
thye charizard is different charizard z
Pokémon picking up on the competitive side of the game is dope🔥
So it's battling like in the anime
AZ is immortal so it makes since he keeps growing 😂
TOTODILE!!! MY BOY IS IN THE GAME!!!! OMG NOW I HAVE TO GET IT!!!
the livestream showed at 2pm in the uk so i was watching on a bus to my college lol
There's no progress. They haven't learn anything. It's almost hilarious to see a fandom get scammed with the smile every year like that.
I fell like two gen 2 starters isn’t good at all, I’m happy we got a unova starter but it would’ve been nice to get a gen 3 starter too, like we haven’t seen much of gen 3 in a while
I called ye pig
Why’d they do two johto starters and tepig
Imma be real. I wanted it to be set in the past so much. The only thing i like about it is the battle system
oh my god in all the battles the pokemons health bar was fully depleted when they were about to be caught
Glad I’m not the only one disappointed we didn’t see a single new form. Only thing we saw that I was hoping to see was what the starters are.
Champions: Honestly surprised they didn’t do this sooner. Feels like a long time coming.  Z-A: So, given that AZ and Floette are together, I think this is a post-Gen6 story. Also, the battle mechanics of _dodging_ and _positioning_ and _timing_ feel like natural evolutions for the series.
1:34 playing pokemon go hit an exelent throw on a rattata right when he said exelent XD
With onyx being the players size im assuming that alphas ar not apart of this game
One thing i find interesting, is that you can seemingly catch fainted pokemon
in the Pokemon presents skip to 17:54 and check the party
Please for the love of all things holy HAVE VOICE ACTING
I have thoughts.   First, it’s like they went “what are the 2 most mediocre starters? Cool and let’s add Totodile, he’s probably enough to carry right?”  Second, the story better be “CEOs are evil” because I have no room in my life to accept billionaires as good guys.  Third, not showing any new megas is the most pokemon thing I’ve ever seen from Pokemon.   Seems fine. Nothing truly innovative or exciting to catch my eye. I’m certainly not seeing it as the big W we really need after SV yet though.
You are cute
"I'm whelmed", have you by chance, at any point in your life, watched Young Justice?
I came here to escape the hate on the official trailer video, glad to see people excited for it
Actually this would be a good game for Team Night Sky to make a return. Maybe he got hit with the ultimate weapon too or he caught a Xerneus and used it to keep himself alive.
Mikey said he is whelmed young Justice robin would be so happy
One of the main reason of why im hyped for Champions is because of my love for Competitive Pokemon and my lack of a Switch 😅 (And no i cant buy one on my country unless i starve for months), so i swear if you can only play the game by transfering pokemons you capture in other games im gonna lose it 💀
we're just whelmed
Mega Feraligatr! Lets go!
I'm a bit disappointed that the game is set in the present. The whole "Legends" moniker was about looking at the past and how the present was built. Also the pokemon zones look tiny. Doesn't look like this will be the same kind of open world experience that LA gave.
Theres a lot of extra info on the website =D
I hope I'm not the only Breloom-ized person sideeyeing that CEO daring her to lead an evil team.
The battling reminds me of how trainers catch pokemon in the anime
My theory is that there’s going to be some kind of virus messing up the cities new technology
I personally don’t like the starter choices. I like totodile but chikorita and tepig both feel outta nowhere. I honestly would have liked your starter ideas better
Mate he was able to faint the pokemon and still throw the pokeball and capture. This is the anime no longer a game.
I’m picking the pig
I’m just happy Totodile is one of the starters. Favourite Pokémon of all time for me
Man I'm hyped for Champions, all my teams together where they battle heck yeah! Also finally some Z-A stuff can't get over how amazing and fun it looks.
I think with some of the plushies in the back, maybe those will end up having new forms
Chikorita for the very first time learning Disarming Voice… 🥹 Let’s go, Grass and Fairy Meganium ❤❤❤❤
I have a crazy idea, looking at ZA gameplay it looks like it’s in the present. We know that in the LA trailer there was 3 books for LA and ZA also the next legends titles what if it’s past present and future
Mikey my dear have you recently watched 10 things I hate about you because cuz you kind of quoted it this one girl goes I know you can be overwhelmed and I know you can be underwhelmed but can you ever just be WellMed and the girls friend says I think you can in Europe and you're mentioning that about the france-based region where am I really reaching there
THE REDEMPTION OF CHIKORITA!
Gambling that’s how Mikey
LET'S GO I GUESS THESE THREE POKEMON AND IT TURNED OUT TO BE RIGHT I KNEW THIS WOULD BE THE STARTERS I I am not lying
Is it for the Nintendo switch 2 or the normal switch? Because I don’t think I want to buy a second switch just to play the new Pokemon game…. Possibly
I love how people insisted it would be in the past before the city was made and whenever i told them it wasnt, theyd call me a liar and telling me im r*******. I had so many hate messages because of it. Well now its confirmed i was right... and you know they arent going to apologize.  But it does feel nice that those who called me a liar can finally know i was telling the truth.
Two gen 2 starters and then Tepig
we could be getting live battles
idc that theres no new pokemon in Z-A  I SAW KANGASKHAN WHICH IS A MUST FOR ME I LOVE THAT POKEMON
Watch this lead up to gen 2 remakes on switch
They outright showed that Pokemon Champions is the game for sweaty try-hards! 😂
I mean if we didn't get shown new forms either A. It's still a surprise or b(and hopefully not this one) There isn't any
The fact that we have two Johto starters
I am curious about how ZA will be, but I've felt quite iffy about it since learning that it is only around Lumiose city 🤔 Legends Arceus felt like there would be a lot to explore so I just wonder how they're going to build a good plot and story when it is only supposedly taking place in one city
I don’t get big comments I will say though I like that it’s somewhat in the present and Lumoise city wants to move to the future when legends arecus was in the past. I like that contrast but I was expecting like we’re helping build lumoise city. I like it tho
Looks like the battling is going to be closer how it works in the anime. Super excited for that!😃
Game Freak *Cooked*
Im so happy we still got tepig as a starter even though we didnt get a gen 5 game i cant wait for the new form
Anyone else kinda want a different grass starter? A chikarita is cool but we have one gen 4 mon and 2 gen twos
yesssssssssxzsszszsssss     my boy totodile finally getting some love
I'm sorry, was Mikey referencing Young Justice at the end, there?
They need to adjust the city so they can have tall enough size doors for az
The new battle system looks so cool.  I’ve wanted something like this for a long time.  The starters are clearly just an opportunity to give some exposure to some pokemon that haven’t had anything for a long time rather than for any thematic reason.  Champions looks interesting as well.
Extremely excited to see Chikorita getting some love!  Your reaction to AZ was very funny to me because the like... one thing I remembered about him was that he was 3 metres tall.
The entire game honestly looks great. Only complaint is that they have 2 starters from the same gen
I thought it would have been Totidile, Tepig, and Turtwig. I mean ⅔ is still good
There are a lot of red flags in this game
I think this has to be Switch 2. If it’s a holiday release I think they’re going to release it alongside the new switch.  I’m super excited. While I’m a history nerd through and through, for some reason, I’ve never been the biggest fan of being in the past in games. So I didn’t play LA (though I am looking for a copy rn because I do want to play it now). But I’ve always liked a game set in the present or the future (I picked Violet over Scarlet for this reason). I guess my love of Sci-Fi just outweighs my love of high fantasy.   So I'm extremely excited for ZA. I hope Mew can be in ZA because I have an army of them awaiting every possible game I play (Mew to me is like Pikachu is to Ash).   My biggest concern with the game is that Legends Arceus didn’t have any character customization. After playing Violet and some ROM Hacks like Pokemon Unbound, I think I need character customization to fully enjoy the Pokemon games. Because I want the game to be about me and my Pokemon, not like, “Red and his possible Pokemon.”
Wait, two johto starters and one unova starter? Odd.
is it just me or did they go back to using the gen 8 models. the textures on the pokemon and everyone's hair look more like they did in sword and shield
6:43 mega kangaskhan is back oh no
So is the assumption that the promotional match at the end implies that the Prism Tower is a Battle Tower this time around instead of just a gym?
The battle system looks similar to the battle system in Final Fantasy 7 Remake. It seems like every moves accuracy will be removed entirely, so you will have to attack from the perfect angle.
the starters for me felt like kinda a bust because they used two from the same Gen, instead of one from 3 different Gen's. I almost feel like if they were gonna put Chikorita and Totodile together they may as well have added in Cyndaquil. lol
Finally feraligtr getting something special hes my favourite starter and i hated how he got absolutely nothing but now everything changes
Is no one else confused as to why they have 2 gen 2 starters and 1 gen5?
They need to keep some big reveals for Worlds
Bruh, I just want a normal Pokémon game again 😢
Truly my favorite question to ask while watching a Pokemon trailer: "Where are the Pokemon?"
I need MandJTV to be excited about this because I absolutely was not.
Typhlosion actually got kicked off the team im crying 😭
I secretly assumed that the starters would be Chikorita, Tepig and Totodile but never said it publicly
Such a long wait… probably Nintendo wants them to wait for the switch 2 to come out. At least we have pokemon pocket
It feels almost like breaking theme (yes I know it’s only the second one) to have 2 starters from the same Gen in the lineup. I thought that having 3 starters from different gens, and not from the original Gen of the game’s setting was a really good idea
Actuallly i am finaally excited for the new battle style since it does kind of mimic how it works in the anime since in it ash or other trainers can tell their pokemon to dodge while in the games you just hope the move misses im very happy how its turning out
I was underwhelmed this presents sucked in my opinion.
Even though I love the three starters that they chose, I’m still kinda confused about why they chose that specific trio. Why did they use the two starters from the same gen?
Chikorita is my favorite starter :)
It’s Pokemon day
I don’t think I’ve seen anybody react in this way, but did anybody else notice the mega sableye during the gigantic mega evolutions reveal during the proper trailer? I wasn’t out during Pokémon X/Y, so this is a new mega form to the callous region, technically.
Dynamax might be part of this game due to the final part of the trailer.
People claimed it was a lame Pokémon Presents. But the mere fact that they are actually taking the tinebtovproperly develop their games is a major step in the right direction. ZA looks like a game changer andthe new battle mechanics are just so intriguing.
Why use 2 starters from the same gen?
WTF! Mega teraslization?  May as well strap nukes to a cat and call it a pokemon.   Wow.
Is it me or megas have a timer?! if so i'm gonna be so annoyed
I wish it would’ve been turtwig but I’m still happy
Ngl, the male player character looks like a yunger prof. Sycamore. Hoping that's actually the case.
I think the message in the end of the trailer is teasing an official league for real-time combat battles.
NOOOO, don't make me choose between tepig and meganium for a playthrough, they're my favorites from their respective regions! T^T
they legit just didn't show any new mons 😭
LMAO They are copying the Digimon World battle system! This is hilarious!
Finally, megameganium
Yeah. I HATE that the entirety of ZA is in Lumiose City. I am not a huge fan of cityscapes. I was hoping we'd be out in the Kalos countryside.
You are the first poketuber ive watched who guessed what Champions was as a battle sim, everyone else (and me) thought it was releases of old games ahahah props my guy
I heavily suspected Chikorita and Tepig, but got blindsided at having a second Johto Starter! Didn't expect Totodile in a million year for this game! I'm thinking because Empoleon might appear elsewhere, maybe be someone else's Pokémon.
God A Z look visually terrible. What’s up with the pokemon scaling too? That Onix was a baby. 😂 guess you can’t make them to scale when you force a new game mechanic
I’m really bummed that this game is coming out this year I feel like if they just teased that the game was coming out in 2026 or 2027 to make it the best it could be, it would’ve made for a more exciting announcement than this
One of the things I didn’t find that fun or interesting in Legends Arceus was the movement, and now that it’s been show that Z-A has what looks like rooftop free running, I’m hyped.
There's a screen in which you can see Gogoat on a team. Meaning I can relax having confirmed my favorite 'mon is in-game, thats all I care about lol
AZ has a cane now!? But I'm glad his Floette stuck by his side after X and Y.
3:09 neither did khu
Is that Floette not new because this is the first time I've seen it?
Did no one notice that they hinted at changing the way you capture pokemon by lowering their hp? It seems now that you get them knocked out first
is it just me or does it seem a bit weird that they picked two johto starters for legends z-a?
Where are my monkeys
Z-A looks really good... but damn, I so wished we could've had another timetravel story
Pet sitting at the moment & got to watch the live stream on a 4K tv. Will have to agree that the event this year was just okay, I liked it, but I didn’t love it. I’m actually glad it was like that, we don’t want another BDSP, LA & SV situation happening again
I have a little theory i think the protags are the children of sicamore i mean look at the boy the resemblence is uncany
Completely don't care about ZA, but Pokemon Champions is something I've wanted and looked forward to for many years!
From what I could tell from the end part of ZA they're doing a thing from the last Ash seasons of the anime with the Pokemon world coronation series
Chikarita and Totodile were chosen because they are the last two gen 2 starters to have gotten nothing in the last 2 decades, Gen 2 was pretty much passed over for everything until Typhlosian got a regional form.  Tepig is gen 5 and Black and White arent getting a new game this year even though gen 4 was the previous and we're going straight to gen 6.
I imagine if you can move your trainer and Pokemon, you might want to keep your trainer out of the way of attacks, as that'll probably daze you and prevent actions for a small window, letting your opponent get a free hit off, or even knocking you out and causing you to lose that way
I’m wondering what’s up with having the other two Johto Starters in the same game while Cindaquil got to be on it’s own in Arcoos, but we’ll see how things turn out.
I think the dog is hunting the flower like in puss in boots and we have to help AZ till we change our side in the end part of game
I can imagine Team Sky being like what happened!? I was here just a year ago!
I LOVE CHIKORITA 🥰
"THEY HAVE FADORAS!" 😂😂😂😂😂
I also thought it was a World's announcement untilthey revealed the Champions logo.
New battle system looks awful. Legends games are fun gimmick games but I’m ready for this to come and go so we can get to gen 10
Why are their to johto starters?
I love the new app that means I can play more than go on the go 😂
The protagonists look like older Ethan and Lyra from Heart Gold and Soul Silver!
I’m probably gonna have to distance myself from this channel to avoid the starters new forms
R.I.P Pokemon showdown
So the whole game is just in a city?
They better bring back the shiny sound
I'm so surprised that Pokemon Legends Z-A is a futuristic game. I thought it was gonna be in the past like Legends Arceus, happy but surprised. I'm somewhat disappointed that 2 of the starters are from the same generation instead of 3 different generations like last time, but that is a minor nit pick.
I’ll be disappointed if you aren’t able to faint from opposing Pokemon’s moves like you can in Arceus, or unable to face off against Pokemon mano-e-‘mono with a Pokeball and sticky globs (or an equivalent of the latter).
5:10 I thought he was on some massive stool or something, so I got jumpscared by Michael’s surprised shouting, but fuck is he tall. 😮
No gen ten
Sky battles are about to go so hard
I hated legends arceus and wasnt exited at all about this. But this game looks like so much fun, I cant wait to play it
Never thought Tepig was gonna be the fire starter of this game
I can't believe it, but i actually predicted all of the 3 starters, which is crazy to me.
It feels like what the anime does for the battling style
What I noticed at the end is that’s the rotom phone from scarlet and violet So I think those promotional matches are going to be the possibility of battling trainers from other regions, kinda like the PWT in bw2
I was hoping that we'd get either tepig or totodile as one of the starters but I am happy that we get both
It being "also on mobile" means the hardcore nerds, need to calm down, and realize what that means
Why would they choose 2 starters from the same region
I figured from the initial announcement this would actually be in the far future from the X and Y games. Doesn’t look like that’s right but I’m stoked it isn’t far past again
Are these games based upon oh you develop and develop until we build a time machine to go back in time and witness the GREAT POKEMON WAR and THE MACHINE TO END IT ALL because if not then they just straight up screwed up
Man... what a sad day to be a Pokémon fan... this franchise 💀 after Legends Arceus 😥 💔
Well I wasn’t expecting two jotto starters but I really hope that we get new megas we need justice for flygon and it would diversify the current battle format other then mega kangiskan and mega Salamanca but I’m also intrigued are abilities back in a legends game  because what made them so strong was there fantastic and I hope we aren’t just given the kanto starters again and that’s our mega evolution I would be alright if it was the kalos starters getting mega but they didn’t get it in there own region so I’m not sure
Does this mean eternal flowette will finally be available
They changed Pokémon battles. You can drop a Pokémon to 0 hp and it will have the stars over its head for a short time for you to catch it
Tepig beautiful bacon boi
6:05  He failed to notice that the Flaaffy was actually knocked out... then the Player caught it.  Finally!
I’m curious about the promotion battle at the end. It makes me wonder if a small release will come in late summer, where people can download and play a prelude to ZA and give us an opportunity/sneak peek at the battle function and potentially a promotional gift that can be transferred when the game fully releases 🤞🏼
Huge dissapointment Except for time and New position/Dodge mechanic nothing else was showed No New megas, New Pokemon or Forms Whole year of waiting and gives us nothing They better knock it out of the park when it come LATE 2025 Which was expected
Did nobody notice Patrat in the video, when they showed footage from Z-A? Watchhog and Patrat are finally in a Switch title, Furfrou as well. Which got me wondering: Are the Elemental Monkeys making a comeback as well?
We've gone full circle. Now both final fantasy and pokemon have been ruined by leaving turn based
Typhlosion did in fact NOT beat the allegations
5:56 Why hasn't anyone spoken about how Chikorita makes Flaafy faint, and instead of dying, it gets dazed so you can catch it without danger? Because that essentially makes false swipe useless if that's what's going on. Unless it's a "throw it before it disappears" type thing. Either way, it doesn't seem like you should be as worried about KO-ing a pokemon.
I wonder who thought it was a good idea to legalize parkour for kids in Lumiose City.
You can set traps with stealth rock and stuff that looks sick
Legends z-a protagonists kinda look like professor sycamore and Grace’s (x and y protagonists’ mother) descendants
I prefer not getting a ton of information at once. New megas are the most hype thing, and the game doesn't come out till the of the year. Showing the megas would be like showing the final evos of the starters when they are announced
Totodile and chikorita getting their revenge on cyndaquil for leaving them behind
Oh God instead of collecting the spirit of Spiritomb we totally going to have to collect the Zygarde cell calling it now
1:03 I wonder if dynamax and z moves will be in there aswell
I feel like I HAVE to choose Chikorita, solely because it needed an upgrade the most and I wanna support it, but it might be tough depending on the final forms of all three. Feraligatr is already cool and a lot of people actually warmed to Emboar over the years (myself included).
Sees it basically looks like pokemon violet: 😒  Basic building parkour: 😮😮
It looks cool but I’m disappointed that we didn’t get anything new, At least a new mega or the starter evos
If they were going to give us 2 johto starters, might as well bring cyndaquil back from Legends Arceus. Champions is just like any other mainline pokemon game just with only battles.  The announcement was very underwhelming.
Really? Really? They just gonna cock tease people who want a classics collection by starting the video with the music from red and blue then showing people playing every generation from game boy to DS just to be like psych it’s Pokémon stadium. W..we…. mean champions. A Pokémon, classic collection had better be one of the launch titles for the switch 2.
7:08 that’s 100% Looker’s office! I sure hope we get more of him and Emma!
I watched this when it came out then went back to bed. I think those starter choices are very weird. Also I’m pretty sure this takes place in the future, because AZ has his Floette, which he didn’t get until the end of X and Y, and he explicitly didn’t have it for over a thousand years. So yeah, probably the future which is surprising, I thought it was going to be slightly early. I wonder if we’ll see any of the characters from the original game. In X’s timeline at least, the main characters and rivals are all immortal, so they can appear. This could take place shortly afterwards though. I don’t trust those rich billionaires. It was the last time with Rose. And Lusamine. And Lysandre.
As someone who hated legends arceus I’m more than ok with this game being more of a pokemon game and not a survival game
Im guessing that champ will have a progression system to unlock pokemon and items but you transfer in from home to use your own pokemon
I think that legends za takes place in the near future and you play as professor sycamore kid
I'm happy to see Furfrou
If Feraligatr does not mega evolve into Godzilla, I will be mad.
5:59 Can’t believe he just gave an “ok” witnessing them FINALLY making it so you can catch a Pokémon at 0 hp.
Legends ZA is all well and good, but they REALLY got me with that Champions announcement!
There better be new regional forms, new Megas, new evolutions. That's the fun of every new release of games
Cant wait to use polverizing pancake on my tera fighting gigantamax snorlax
Mega Feraligatr and Emboar are gonna be insane
Tera, AND Mega? In the SAME GAME?! Imagine if they put in Dynamax and Z moves! The strats would go crazy.
3:03 My boooyyy!!! Furfrou is back!!!
Pokemon Showdown: 📉📉📉
7:07 The Looker Bureau!
Hope next trio is Snivy, Chimchar and Froaike
ARE WE FINALLY GONNA BE ABLE TO GET AZ'S FLOETTE
That battling system is a lot like Pokemon Reloaded's but in 3d. It'll be interesting to experience it on an official release.
JESUS CHRIST. People forget that AZ is over 9 feet tall lol.
He missed the floette form
I’m so glad totodile is getting love it’s my absolute favorite Pokémon, and I would love a mega friligator, hopefully with a good Pokédex entry
I'm so glad the predictions for Z-A's starters were wrong. Love that Chikorita is in this! Yes!  Champions looks cool. A modern Pokemon Stadium that they can keep building on as they go along! Where you can have Megas vs Terastallized Pokemon and any other gimmicks. That's great.
People are shitting on this game, but the graphics looks exactly how I expected them to, and I wasn't expecting any new Pokemon or variants, so that's not a problem for me. I'm not disappointed or mad like a lot of people are, because the only thing that wasn't to my exact expectations is the new battle system, which looks pretty fun.
Mikey! Team Sky Outfits! 😄 love the new characters 😊 not sure about the Starters though. Would have loved Blaziken, Empoleon and the grass snek 😁
I'm glad that I at least got Totodile right as a starter, but yeah, I was dead wrong with the other two.
RIP Pokémon Showdown
Since this looks like it takes place some years after the end of XY, I expect we'll get to meet a lot of the XY characters, too. And that detective office shown at 7:07 with the coat in back makes me think Looker will be there. Maybe we'll also get to see what happened to Lysandre and Team Flare post story.  And Malva, given she showed up out of nowhere saying she was ex Team Flare and then that was it.
I feel like this is the most pokemon anime game in terms of its gameplay based on what we’ve seen.
no one expected these starters, but I love tepig
I think we are more set in the future this time like the event in ZA are going to happen post event of X and Y
I can't believe my favorite pokemon emboar will be in za and maybe get a mega
the glowing green butthole on the dog is troubling, hyper worms? like the thing on the roof? 😢
I'm not sure I will be hyped by the battle system :/ But then again I'm only into main series game and I didn't touch Legends of Arceus. Guess I'll give it a try before late 2025
Please tell me there no more stupid missions
To rest looks fine but the graphics still looks horrible and for those who say that graphics don't matter, you do realize that Pokémon Scarlet and Violet flopped horribly due to poor visuals and glitches. I'm not saying the game is going to be bad or anything, but I pray to God they use a different art style in the future. This one doesn't work.
7:07 IS THAT THE LOOKER BUREAU???
Why they make onyx so small xD
5:11 the height bro 😂
They showed so little and games look the same. Very happy about fresh details on the battle system but it is hard to say that it is a complete new games sadly
Im disappointed with how flat the buildings appear, the shade they throw at Poketpair while stealing more of their mechanics, and the lack of Regional Forms
TOTODILE!!! LET'S GOOOOO
heyyy... i thought of that battle style before already too.
kalosian meganium is gonna become a baguette grass/fairy type
official Showdown + Colosseum hell yeah
I think they intentionally chose the more unpopular starters in order to give more attention to them......all I know is I'm using either Chikorita or Totodile cause I ain't touching Tepig
What I'm thinking for champions is that it'll have a story mode like xd and colosseum but the primary mode will be a showdown-like battle sim
Im expecting to probably get a new form or so in June at E3. Probably the offical release date too
My only question is why we have the exact same hairstyle as the rival, just with f e d o r a
All I want from this game is for them to somehow make Pokemon exceed their original size.  Got a lot of Pokemon that I feel should be bigger.
wild areas feel very close to hunter base and the sandman crystals from spider man 2
For everyone who doesn't know (incuding Mikey apparently), ypu can use rental codes to copy any team someone else had made. Assuming we have rental codes in pokemon champions, there is still no big drawback. (Also just import pokemon from pokemon go it's free)
I new it woo totodile is back wooo my favorite Pokémon
The Starter picks make no sense
5:10 They tried to put me on the cover, but my legs were too long!😂
The good news: mega gengar, a great white shiny, is coming back The bad news: mega gengar, a base 130 speed + 170 sp atk ghost type with shadow tag, is coming back
Still looks aweful
I know this video doesn't have the Language Section of the event. But boy, i am so pissed. These guys, made a full portuguese event, sdited the video for everything to be in portuguese, Cards, Logos, everything. And then, announce "Spanish 2"
Chikorita is the weakest of the 3 but it is on my top 3 favorit starters.
Underwhelmed as always. Very little information, Sca/Vio graphics, no longer having an emphasis on survival (Arceus), a directional battle system... meh. It seems the city is built already, so no past/present/future interactions where you could explorer the past where the city would be built on, you can't participate in building parts of the city, you cant choose the order in which the city gets built. This is another underwhelming game by game freak. I'd rather a SoulSilver remaster/remake or something along those lines, in Eeevee/Pikachu graphics. Before, they developed fast to account for yearly releases (or almost). Now, they take their time but give us games like ScarletViolet. Sigh. Not interested at all, lets see what else gets shown in future videos.
Look back at the very first Legends Arceus trailer and it follows the same format. They show off the gameplay, the starters, the setting, and how the game looks. It did not show off any new forms or new Pokemon until trailers down the line. It is still very likely we will get new forms and Pokemon
I find it very interesting that we got two gen 2 starters and another gen 5 starter when typhlosion and samurott were already the starters for legends Arceus. Makes me think that serperior will be the grass starter for the next legends game
Would the starters have Megas or new religonal?Would the OG starters get megas and would Ash greninja come back?So many unanswered questions.
interesting little detail I noticed now, but the Rotom Phone at the end has 3 cameras, up from the 2 we had in Scarlet and Violet, so this game takes place after it
So with this the entirety of gen 2 starters will gets new form
3:25 I just love the fact that they used the Rotom Phone's emergency fall feature to _PARKOUR!!!_
I was expecting to get a new mega  or two revealed
It makes sense for not having Cyndaquil in Legends Z-A because it was already taken for Legends Arkoos
3:08 wow two gen 2 starters at the same place.      IDK GIVE ME THE ALLIGATOR!
I find it kind of weird that they chose two starters from gen 2. That means that between Arceus and Z-A, all starters from Johto are in those two games. Weird.
Wait if pokemon campions hase mega and teras dos it hase z moves and g maxs pokemon
Absolute worst starter choice ever. I am propbably going to not get my forst ever pokemon game all because they chose the 3 worst starters. Chikorita, Totodile and Tepig are disappointing pokemon and i absolutely hate them. Never once have i ever used them because i think they are stupid and dumb looking.   I think in my 30 years on this earth, this will be the first pokemon game that i refuse to buy because i hate these pokemon. I dont hate pokemon, but i absolutely hate these stupid idiots.
I DID, I WON
Croc Squad
Z-A’s graphics look pretty bad, especially considering the fact that it’s going on the switch 2. The switch 2 is supposed to be ps4 pro level, but this game looks like an HD ps3 game.
It's weird that they chose two Gen 2 Starters to have, rather than a starter from 3 different generations.
I’m pretty sure we’re going to have all the gimmicks in champions
I want to know when this takes place. Why is AZ older than before
Weird how it's just the Johto starters but with Tepig instead of Cyndaquil
Hmm two started Johto Pokemon?
Level 10 tepig used rollout normally cant learn that until level 21
I don’t like the new battling
6:52 anyone else notice the pokemon lineup at the bottom?? What's that third pokemon?? Dragalge??
Im very...mixed on the starter choice..If Pignite's bad design goes into a slimmer or weirder version of emboar it would look wrong.
0:30 damn Mikey's observstions were on point here! 😲
Same reaction... it's just, meh...😅
I wish you would just post the full thing
Can’t say I’m too excited to spend an entire pokémon game inside a big city. Plus I was hoping they’d finally do a game about Zygarde, which I guess this still could be, but as Mikey said “I’m whelmed”.
I think that last bit was Pokken tournament, I hope that it is
I don’t think we will see new forms or megas till closer to launch. I think this one they wanted to show Lumiose, the starters and new battle mechanics.
I'm surprised they did both Chikorita and Totodile. I want to know the reasons behind choosing those two.
Love the new Battling system I could tell Arceus wanted to have something like it but they scrapped it at the end
It looks like ZA game takes place in the future? Or present? But not in the past like Legends Arceus
Theory: I think the game is done. But theyre sticking with the nov 17th "ish" release date due to habit, consistancy.   But mainly I believe, (like with the tree quality from gen 8) gamefreak is focusing on making sure this game is as "glitch free" as possible. (As well as making sure its good for switch 2)    Just like they will never have a bad tree again. I feel they will attempt to never have as many glitches at launch as scarlet and violet did.
I'm still baffled why they didn't choose Piplup for the water starter  I predicted Chikorita— as much as I love the line, they're not competitively viable and have needed a boost for a while now. a new form and/or mega was necessary  I wasn't 100% sure what the fire type starter would be, but Tepig was one of my picks. I think I said either Tepig or Chimchar, since gens 7-9 are too recent, gen 6 took place in Kalos, and gens 1-3 had gotten something recently. leaning towards Tepig because I thought they wouldn't do two from the same gen  but I was _so_ confident on Piplup. Empoleon was practically _made_ for a game like this. then again, I was working under the assumption that ZA was gonna be set in the past, based on Haussmann's redevelopment of Paris under Napoleon III (you see why I was confident on Empoleon now?)
Why did we get 2 starters from the same region ? The starters are a bit underwhelming imo
What I hope for pokemon champions if for those who haven't had access to home, they would be able to rent pokemon like the battle tower
4:02 zyguard's butt glows
so the battle mechanic is like Palworld, i am sure they will patent this and sue palworld again 😭🙏
Funny how Mikey said the city is modern. The acient of Lumiose is the modern of other city shows how Lumiose the most advanced tech city
Damn, was really hoping we’d lean more into legends arceus than S/V. Oh well, I’ll play!
There seems to be a new speed system here, where both pokemon can attack at once. This'll be a nice new challenge
Pokemon, the RPG!!
Furfrou economy is in shambles
I need to get a 3ds and play x or y this year. Ive never played gen 6.
FUCK Game Freak for not giving us an ACTUAL DATE of release!! After waiting A YEEEEEAAAAARRRRR!!!!!!
It’s official. Kalos is my top 5 favorite region. I’m soooo excited for this!!!
Oh, so with that whole promotion announcement I’m leaned towards I could be their way of teasing to us a Pokémon X and Y remake
I was kinda hoping for gen 10 to be announced
I remember people giving me crap for naminy my character Keter but "AZ"? Bruh 😂  What monster named him that! 😂
Totodile, let's goo~~! But yeah, all three starters have craving for attention in the franchise for a while. Good for their fans. I'm looking forward to Z-A's release. =3
It bothers me a bit that there are two starters from the same generation, but at least it is generation 2. The johto mons need more love. Also I hope we will see Mega Meganium. For the name alone. And to make Meganium a better mon. There are also rumors that there will be a fairy type Meganium form because Chikorita knew a fairy move in the trailer. That would be nice as well.
considering the fact that Arceus had more or less monthly trailers. i am praying we can expect the same from this
GIVE US MEGA MEGANIUM YOU COWARDS
I genuinely squealed when the starters were announced because over a year ago I had my own prediction and in the prediction for the starters I had chikorita and tepig while I didn't get totodile I am still very proud of myself for getting 2 out of 3
Im glad I'm not the only one who got jumpscared by how BIG Az is
Love that they use machamps belt as part of the logo for champions
To me the starter choices are a bit odd. They had two of the generations from Legends Arceus, and they couldn't have just used one of the other generation 7 starters instead. And just decided to add two from generation 2... I mean, Tepig is a nice addition, but... They could've easily swapped Totodile out, for Popplio instead of having Chikorita AND Totodile. But either way, it's fine. (On the Popplio score, I think my Popplio bias is talking.)
He is simply "whelmed"
I want mega Z
My guess was Chikorita, Tepig and Mudkip so I was fairly close!
Soo no megas ok😅😅
Totodile is my favourite pokémon of all time and I am so glad to see it back
I think we won't be getting new regional variants as it already looks like present day lumiose. They might give the starters and others megas instead.
You are just whelmed
Gonna be a fun game for exploits, glitches, and speedrunning. Until Nintendo forced patches.
4:17 It's on the same engine as Scarlet and Violet, common practice with "Remakes". FireRed and LeafGreen are on the same engine as Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald, HeartGold and SoulSilver are on the same engine as Diamond, Pearl, Platinum, and so on.
I question their choice to lock the entire game into a city instead of letting us explore like in Arceus
Can’t wait to get Chespin.  What starters? This is my starter!
Snivy *Looking suspiciously at game freak*
AZ new form looking clean tho
4:55  Cyndaquill: I'm not in legends Z-A Todadile: wdym you're in legends Arcoos
Seeing the starters, my first thought was: People are gonna only go for either Tepig or Totodile, knowing the Chikorita hate... But I hope the hate is gonna stop, when we'll see Mega 'Nium's showcase (but watch it still being screwed up, when the game releases...). And I get why Tepig replaced Cyndaquil, since the latter was in ARCOOS, lol.
I just hope mega rayquaza comes back to reign hell again
3:07 bro your predictions are cooked
Out of the starters I actually did think tepig might make it into the game...thinking that it's final evolution could be a ground/fire type based on truffle pigs...
Don’t like how it picked 2 starters from the same generation
Worst possible starter lineup tbh. I hate tepig and chikorita is the worst Johto starter. The only good thing about this is totodile.
Justice for Snivy 😔
Lockstin guessed Chikorita and Emboar, look at him i guess he really is a pokemon genius
You looked bored 😒
Saa what you want. I am picking Chicorita.
I'm getting a fairy Charizard now just for champions
So... Guess where Arceus has you go to past, ZA is more Future..?
2:17 I disagree. He said you can ALSO connect to Home, so there must be some way to get Pokémon in Champions.
ngl I'm a little upset with the starter choices, couldn't give us dang poplio or litten since rowlet was in the original za, and anything other than emboar... wasn't personally a fan of the original and nothing shown today gets me that excited for ZA so I'll pass there, but Champions might be hype and I'm excited for that one, can't wait to see your reactions when the games release anyways!!
The battling made me think of the old Digimon World games. Which is not a bad thing for me.
The laziness of Game Freak still shouldn’t be rewarded!
I was really disappointed by this. Last year we got one game announced that wasn’t even coming out that year, and had nothing all year. Then this year we get another trailer a year after announcement, and told that it’ll be out late this year sometime. Along with announcing that they’re working on another game that will come out someday. One game in 2 years doesn’t feel like a win to me. No new gen, no remakes, just giving us the game they told us about last year.
I agreed to your starter prediction too, Michael! NOOOOOOO!
It's great to hear the news on Pokemon Legends to be finally released later this year however I'm a bit disappointed about the Starter Pokemon choices because while I'm alright with Chikorita but I will expecting Fenniken and Piplup are the perfect choices for the game.
Love how i watch this and i get an ad for SV Dlc not like i already own it for Violet
"i'm whelmed" 😂😂😂
Didn't show off the Gardevoir plush. 0/10 direct.
Why did u think it wud be set in the past like are u dumb. Obviously they are gonna add new mechanics too like the new battle system 😑😑😑
I guessing the last bit there is Pokemon Journeys-style tournament. If thats the case, expect to see characters from all Pokemon games Aside from that, the game is looking really good
Can’t wait to buy used copies so gamefreak doesn’t get my money
I hope pokemon champions has megas, terastilozation, z moves and dynamax
I am currently playing Pokémon X and the AZ is so tall😂
they cooked with the battling system. pokken tournament was goated we deserved this
Battle system just looks like the offputting active-turn based system that a lot of JRPGs have had going. Rather a disappointment actually. I liked the Legends Arceus style
Whelmed for sure. Don't love how two of the starters are from the same gen instead of all different ones, but i am also an avid tepig and chikorita lover.   I'm a little worried about the 'wild areas'. They seem REALLY limited in comparison to the areas in arceus- compared to SV too. One of it's charming features is the exploration and gathering. Not sure how they're going to pull that off in this. Picking up litter?   Feels much more like a sequel to to xy rather than a legends sequel. Still cool, but definitely not in the same vein. I could be wrong but it seems like we're losing the crafting, possibly the gathering, seemingly the rideable pokemon, and at least a change to how they do outbreaks.   Also WOW THAT GUYS TALL. The floette tho :> <3
Mega Flygon: My time has come…
Everyone: Wow it’s so cool!!! Me: So its just one city💀
This is what I was expecting to be shown. I figured it would be gameplay, battles and starters with new pokemon, regional variants, and megas being held off for later trailers closer to release.
Everyone: Wow it’s so cool!!! Me: So its just one city💀
While the game taking place entirely in Lumiose City might seem restrictive it does seem like Lumiose is really big in this game, like actual city sized compared to X & Y where it was just a big ring with some paths towards the centre and the "wild zones" may incorporate elements of the routes that connect to Lumiose like the desert-y route 13 and swampy route 14, I am a bit worried that it'll still feel too samey with buildings everywhere though. Also the battling kinda reminds me of the first Ni No Kuni game
i'm sad that the rival is gender locked... let people be gay, dangit
I'm happy that Chikorita's getting a new chance as a starter. The trailer honestly showed off more than I'd hoped for. The battle mechanics are gonna be... interesting to adapt to, especially as someone who doesn't tend to do much in the way of real-time combat. (The closest I've gotten is PLA.) My favorite part about the trailer is simply how TALL AZ has gotten. Like, that man can barely fit indoors, it seems. (Him having his Floette is also sweet.)
ZA is so lazy looking. There's no unique art style, they dropped the whole nineteenth century aesthetic for some reason (probably because they couldn't easily copy buildings from scarlet and violet). The starter picks are just stupid, seeing as piplup literally evolves into napoleon, and servine is also pretty French its weird that they weren't picked. They ditched the movement mechanics from arceus, which was the best part of that game. Nothing has improved from arceus at all they've just thorwn away the perfectly fine building blocks from arceus into the trash because gamefreak doesn't want to improve on their game design and just stay mediocre forever and i guess it works for them seeing as they make millions for nothing
SINCE WHEN WAS AZ THAT TALL WTF?!!!
It may have seen like a small thing but getting the games on Latin American Spanish is such a big deal!!! We have been stuck with Iberian Spanish for so long and we just don’t speak like them at all. Of course it is still understandable, but it made the experience much more awkward.
So basically they are gonna combine poken with legends arceus?
6:39 I can hear the remixed Trainer Battle theme and it sounds SICK!!
FINALLY A STYLE OF POKÉMON BATTLING THATS LIKE THE ANIME 😍😍😍😍
i seems it takes place after XY
I’m so glad we finally have a dodge mechanic that’s skill-based rather than having to hope your Pokémon dodges or the opponent misses. The new battle system looks really nice.
They did it... thwy finally did it a game thay makes you feel like youre _in_ the world more than any other, the city is MASSIVE like it would be irl and the new battle system looks like it was ripped straight from the anime, I have never been so excited for a game in a LAWNG time😂
Welp, excitement for Z-A officially squashed.  -_-  What a terrible selection of starters.
Perhaps we’ll get more reveals later in the year since they didn’t specify when the game will officially come out.
I know we only got the promo video to go off of, but I dont really see how Champions is any different than the standard  online play we have now
They didn’t reveal any of the new stuff in the original Legends Arceus trailer so I don’t know why you were expecting new stuff in this one. They’re obviously gonna reveal a portion of the new stuff over the coming month up till release, just like they always do.
This guy was wayyyy offf on his prediction 😂😂😂 said we’ll be building the city 😂😂😂
Might show the new evos amd mega later or wait for people yo leak them
Finally totodile!!🎉🎉 though piplup would have been great too
I think the promotion match announcement is the Battle Frontier for Kalos
MEGA DELPHOX WHEN???
Pokemon Champions looks like how TPC will finally be able to shut down Pokemon Showdown....  (Well, _somebody_ had to say it.)
Based off legends arceus, the starter choices make sense except that there’s two gen two Pokemon. I totally thought it was gonna be gen 2, 5 and 7 again.
Im still not sure how to feel about the starter options being the other two Johto starters and a Unova starter
I don’t know why I expected more than this. The graphics are about the same as gen 9, the combat is different, but it still looks bland/boring-ish, and you’re stuck at walking speed disguised as running speed while in combat. Just my first impressions though, hoping the actual game will be good
Yeah it’s a little discrediting but the trailer didn’t really tell us anything we didn’t know.   Az having his floette confirms this takes place after X and Y. And since it is modern set im not sure there will be many new forms. Might be more focused on mega pokemon
Surely the starters got new forms, their new form "requirements" literally is just to be in a different region from their home region. Samurott and Typhlosion both got new forms in Arceus. I think it's safe to assume ZAs starters are gonna have new forms, or Megas even.
Who let the pokemon equivalent of a war criminal run a hotel
F all of your everything GIVE ME THAT FLOETTE AND NOBODY GETS HURT!
finally made the battle style anime accurate. the talonflame ran into the stealth rocks when it attacked.
As it turns out, it's not XY's third version. It's a sequel.
6:26 bro I do this in palworld
So...the starters are mostly the other gen 2 starters that weren't in Legends Arceus. Don't get me wrong, I love seeing Feraligatr and Meganium get new forms, but maybe it's should've been Empoleon or something, so you get a mix of different gen starters that haven't received new forms.
Why are there 2 johto starters 😭
Can we please stop releasing mobile games as new games? It's so ridiculous  Also, 2 johto starters?? Why? Can they ever listen to the fans? Not a single person was asking for 2 johto starters...  It ALL takes place in lumiosie City??? What is this??? This isn't what we wanted! Ugh! What is happening??
I am a poison type lover, i just wanna see if we'll have new poison type pokemon and cath a shiny Garbodor, i know he has a ugly design but he's still poison type <3.
I’m not 100% sold on this, I liked PLA too much lol
Should Team Sky come back to Kalos????
Are fainted pokemon no longer despawning after you beat them? Do you actually get a chance to catch them.
New battle system is cool
Am I tripping or the Garbodor shown two different times is a regional form? It seems to me like a different color and it's not the shiny.
Not sure how I feel about it either, Staying in modern day, So no epic war story, Was really looking forward to seeing Az go off the rails, The map made it look like we don't ever leave the city?, Like nowhere else in Kalos just lumi, I mean on the bright side hopefully with a smaller area like that, The game will be better optimized than s/v, 2 gen 2 starters which again is odd but i'm happy to see Chikorita get some love, I like Crocs so Totodile is not unwelcome at any rate, Chika I could see being fairy/grass, Maybe Totos will be Water/Dragon?, Tepig is prob my least fave fire type but i'm all for Emboar being punted aside for a better form lol, Even fire/dark would be better but hopefully we get something more interesting like steel
Tepig nation rise!
I just hope we'll be able to enter the buildings, I feel like that would help expand the world.
2:27 i'm happy it's not a battle simulator, it's what i wanted a Modern Pokemon Stadium with easy access to any Pokemon with Pokemon Home.  Train your Pokemon from any game that is compatible with Home send them there and then access them with Champions.   Hopefully this means this'll be a way to break the dex lock.
MY BABY TRUBBISH IS BACK I DON'T NEED ANYTHING ELSE FROM Z-A
CHIKORITA FINALLY ❤❤
Ngl,i was hoping that we see a new mega
I JUST NOTICED THAT VINNIE’S WEARING A BUNNERY AND GLACIE ACCESSORY IN HIS BUN!!!
3:34  are we not going to talk about what appears to be a new battle dodge  Mechanic
Two from the same gen, wth.  Why not let you pick whatever starter you want
Chikorita is a starter because of the Ultimate Weapon.
Ok l will say it. the battle system is giving Digimon World style vibes
Pokemon champions look nice. Another battle game like Colosseus, that's fun! Not my thing but it's cool for fans of thises tyoes of game.   If the starters doesn't have mega evolutions, i'll be so dissapointed.
Something I just noticed is that when Pyroar uses flamethrower, it misses onix entirely but onix still takes damage.   So by "dodge the attacks", it probably means the trainer themselves... That or this is gamefreak doing a gamefreak and just dropping the ball cause that Onix wasn't even close to being hit.
Nice Young Justice nod with the whelmed bit. Though i wonder how many people actually get that joke.
Oh sure, let’s use the 2 WORST starters in Johto with SLOW Tepig from Unova I N  K A L O S !!!
I am so hyped and so happy that gamefreak is making another game 😂
6:29  why is onyx so small... That kinda bugs me. I mean come on pyroar's height is 4'11" and onyx's is 28'10"
i called chikoreda and tepig
Why? Why two starters of the same region???? Whyyyyyyyyyy?
Honestly, I’m more interested in champions than ZA.
Ngl az looking kinda hot
I’m sure we will get new Megas and new Regional Forms in the next new trailer for this game who’s with me. Also I hope we see Alpha’s in the game too
I'm disappointed I was hoping it was I the past
My favorite, Tepig has returned!
South african here 🇿🇦. One our countries is Zuid afrika. Aka ZA. I briefly thought that ZA going to be based on the South Africa.
4:48 I HAVE A STARTER THEORY!!! It's on purpose!! Because we got Cyndequil and Oshawatt in Arceus as well as Rowlett, so we get the two other Johto starters and Tepig in Z-A, so when we get the third Legends game, they can use Snivy as well as Litten and Popplio, and use all three of those generations starters!!
My theory for the starters… they selected 2 Gen 2 starters because maybe, potentially they have a Geb 2 remake or Let’s go style game coming down the pipe line?  Its an out there theory, but why not 😂😂
It's weird that they did 2 Johto starters.. like.. if we had a trend from PLA I would've preferred like.. Popplio or Snivy with Tepig.. so then a third Legends game would have last three.. but them putting 2 Johto just... will they even complete the set in the next one or are they trying to tell us "we are doing whatever we want, there is no pattern" like hooray Chikorita hopefully won't be in a region it was born to suck in but.. it just feels wrong to be like "yeah totally all Johto... just ignore Tepig's here"  Oh yeah did not even pick up on it *not* being in the past... so since AZ has actually aged (finally?)... we're.. sequel to XY? I am.. kinda disappointed ngl but I guess they didn't wanna try to be like "yeah we are gonna have you around the time a war happened but we won't let see any of it just still only talk about it" since.. a past in Kalos only has one choice for something major we would see  It took me until your reaction to realize it's real time battles pretty much.. which is.. crazy it took so long for Pokemon to do it but also.. gonna be annoying to forget lol and then taking extra hits  One of the shots looks almost like the detective agency office from the XY post game... will we see an aged up Emma? That'd be how I could see side quests being given out, like.. lots of games lol just head there and look at the bulletin board  Anyways, random hope for customization is.. not having a mega bracelet, let us change it, like the girls can have mega earring and boy has... uhh.. mega... pendant? I dunno I just want crazy stuff instead "lol hit the bracelet" like even a glove like Korrina had isn't as crazy if they don't wanna give us stuff like Archie's Anchor lol
assuming you can generate pokemon,champions could be my favorite thing game freak has done.  Personally dont care about ZA at all not really a fan of real time RPGs hope Totodile gets a cool new form though
I love these very genuine videos that come after a presentation showing how excited they are for very very mediocre announcements. It’s like whoever screens in joy the loudest is the truest Pokémon fan. Get a grip.
“Im whelmed” is probably the best description for Z-A so far
I wonder if there'll be a Mega-Meganium...   Probably not, just a Kalosian Form, but it would be funny if there was.
As a pokemon fan you should be able to put your foot down… lmfao i mean look at the material. It’s giving ps2 in beta. Watch how in April every game for nintedo will blow Pokémon out of the water. I mean like they sure do like to embarrass themselves with their games. Can’t wait for gen 10… and dear god the gen 5 remakes 😩
“Im whelmed” is probably the best description for Z-A so far
I don’t personally care that they didn’t reveal any new forms. They gave us actual gameplay and showed off a sick new battle style, which is plenty for me. Legends Arceus was one of my favorite Pokémon games, but it’s biggest problem was that the strong style, agile style battle system was really bad, so knowing this game isn’t going that makes me much more excited.
I love that chikorita is getting some attention it desperately needs it. I personally always liked it but it is so weak in modern games that I can’t use it.
My son and I were tlaking about this last night and I said I'll bet Johto gets some love because the Johto started get overshadowed all the time.
The turn based fan in me is dying because pokemon is one of the last few series keeping it alive
sword and shield remakes???
There is a little red sparkle on the - in the logo, Yaveltal?
I'm still gonna enjoy ScarVio for awhile based on the but Legends ZA might actually be good unlike Acres but the main thing I´m excited for is champions
So palworld battle style ok
I'm so excited to use Tepig in a new game.
I just really hope that new battle mechanic never becomes the official battle style on competitive, that genuinely ruin competitive Pokémon. Still a cool novelty though!
So, a super wild speculation: The big company is obviously the evil team of Legends ZA. The name "Quasartico" is similar to Rayquaza. Mega Rayquaza is a big thing in Mega evolution lore. Could we have a sort of evil Team Sky in Legends ZA?   Pretty sure they just picked "Quasartico" for a name because it sounds cool and futuristic. Quasar is just a word. It's not likely at all, but there *is* a potential connection.
are these streamed?!?! WHY CANT I EVER BE THERE LIVE?!? not hating just sad :(
I'm just glad our player character is in their late teens like Serena/Calem again.
The only person ive seen who thought it was a battle simulator 🤣
ANIME POKEMON BATTLES!!?! HELL YEAH!
Ignoring the fact you can catch fainted pokemon now
I was not expecting two g en 2 starters to be the starters poor snivy
How are we going to die in this game??? Protagonist jumped off the building and was aaved by his phone!
I think i know who the villians are
finally Tepig and Chikorita getting some deserved love 💖
MEGA MEGANIUM CONFIRMED 😆
Johtochads keep on winning
A year to get almost no new information... no gen 10, no unova remakes, no details for legends ZA except starters and lame characters
Return of ash greninja?
To be fair, I don't think they showed any new forms for Legends Arceus when its gameplay trailer first released
something that i havent seen anyone talking about is that mega evolution is on some sort of timer now? I wonder how that will work
I’m not sure about this Legends game anymore boys. I have a lot of concerns
Chikorita: Omg, finally! (bummed that it wasn't Snivy, but I can cope) Totodile: Omg, finally! Tepig: NO, NOT YOU! WHY?!  Mother of pearl necklaces... The whole announcement was ruined for me the second I saw that Tepig was one of the Starters. To be clear, Tepig himself is adorable. I just hate what he becomes. I expected him to become this cool, tough hell-pig kinda thing. Pignite is ugly and is the poster-child for why humanoid-animal Pokemon aren't the best design-wise, and Emboar is no better. To this day, the Tepig line is the only Starter line that I actively dislike, to the point that I'm actually going to break my tradition for this game. Normally, I always use the Fire Starter when playing through a new game for the first time. Not this time!  I am happy about the other two Starters, though. More than a little bummed that Snivy isn't the Grass starter, since Serperior is my favorite Grass Starter, but I do like Chikorita, and there's the possibility of Meganium getting a new form. So, I'm pretty okay with it. Totodile, I'm excited for, completely. Can't wait to see what he becomes! All of the Johto Starters deserve love.  Extra bummer that this 'legends' game is set in the future, and not in the past... Though, if it was set in the past, they couldn't rightfully justify any new Mega forms and stuff, so... Yeah, I can understand that. Love the character designs, though.  Oh, one more thing I thought of... They might not be doing 'regional forms' for the starters in this game. They could be getting Mega forms instead of regional forms.  All in all... this is the first Pokemon game that I'm not 'excited' for. I don't hate it, I don't love it. I just... acknowledge it's existence. 'Whelmed' does actually describe it pretty accurately, thank you, Mikey.
They might be keeping starter new forms a suprise maybe
hugh im now kinda curious if z moves will be in champions as well and like in the pokemon journeys anime you will be allowed one battle gimic
I wonder if Rotom Parkour is a mini game and/or just a way to get around? New favourite passtime of Team Sky?
I’m concerned now. i’m not gonna lie i’m worried. like this is modern soooooo is this before the pokemon war? or after? i feel like AZ is about to become a lot LESS cool than he was in Pokemon X and Y
Copyright takedown on Pokémon Showdown incoming, i guess.
That real time battle system is gonna be SERIES CHANGING if implemented well  Anime battles WILL BE REAL
One of my faivorite underrated starters is a choice!! Chikorita my goat!!!!!
The new battle mecanic... humm.  But hope for chickoria mega!!! Also... we may get another starter gift after again😂  Also, Maybe a haircut for lopunny for legend za
yay
Okay I'm not stoked on the scarlet and violet looking graphics, but I cannot lie the battling mechanics look pretty damn cool
I feel like a new meganium or mega meganium has the most potential. Just because they can not fuck it up😂
Yk ik im prolly 2 years late to this but I just realized Legends ZA is just AZ backwards
I want Chikorita's new Mega or Kalosian form to be flying. It's petals become a helicopter or even Bayleef rapidly craning its neck to spin its top leaf. It would learn Hurricaine, maybe a flying move version of Petal Dance or Petal Blizzard. Maybe Springtide Storm.  Please give the Meganium form pilot goggles and have her antennae swept back, plus a perpetually flying petal or grass pilot scarf.  This is the region that gave us Sky Battles, so seeing bulky Megaium flying in the sky makes my day.   All hail New King/Queen of Sky.  It should be mentioned, i don't care about competitive viability, i just want what sound fun, in game.
I would say im underwhelmed. Most of the presents was taken up by mobile game updates that could have just been a banner announcement in those games. Competitive pokemon has never heald interest for me so an official battle sim is a nothingburger announcement. And the lack of new forms shown off plus the disappointing starter choices for me personally has diminished the hype
FedORAS
Xenoblade lookung combat got me like❤❤❤❤
5:06 I can't believe they're forcing me to be straight 😔
I think it IS in the past, but like, the pokemon equivalent of the 19th century. A period of urban, technological and social developments.
I saw Mega Absol. I’m sold
The one comment that sticks out.   Mikey: "We have fedoras"
A - I'm surprised they chose two gen 2 Pokémon for the starters. B - that combat actually seems really cool. I like the fact that you have to be strategic about what moves you use and when.
I think it's because we haven't play through a game with the gen 2 starters since the DS. Same with gen 5, but we have 2/3 of them also.
Hmmm, the new starter choices is weird because for 1 Chikorita and Totodile are from the same Generation and only Tepig is from a later generation. I would have liked it if the water starter was Piplup following Mikey’s analysis or just have a pokemon from a different generation instead of having 2 from the same gen
7:07 i might be the only person as obsessed enough with XY to notice this, BUT THAT IS THE LOOKER BUREAU
The starters chosen feel to me as if they wanted to use the Johto starters but remembered that they already used Cyndaquil in PLA and just upped and swapped it for Tepig.
I too feel Welmed
Why two Johto starters? *Empoleon* was right there!
The last part of the trailer with the Rotom phone may be about a new Battle Tower.
Pokemon Theory for Legends ZA. The male protagonist looks a lot like Professor Sycamore. Maybe the protagonist is related to Professor Sycamore or is Professor Sycamore.
New forms and Megas will probably just be teased as the year goes along. Perhaps new final forms of the starters and new Megas for the original Kalos starters.  Also, i demand that the second Pokémon Champions trailer have a Z-Move up against a Gigantamax Pokémon.
Game freak, my life If yours after adding In motion battling.
People are guessing that Meganium will be Grass and Fairy because it learns Disarming Voice in Z-A
YOU ALL MISSED the Megas had a TIME LIMIT the energy drained in battle.
Remarked how they didn’t said what console ZA was on when announcing the release window, not even "for the Nintendo switch family system" like they did with Pokemon champions. Quite the evidence point on it being a switch 2 exclusive…
After 26 years Chikorita might get the love it deserves
Honestly i dont mind the two starters being from gen 2
Based on the last bit w/ the Rotom Phone, I think we might be getting a Coronation Series like that of Pokemon Journeys
Might be dumb, but I was honestly expecting some Gen 10 news cos of the current 3 year release cycle, but hopefully they're breaking that trend in order to put some more time into the games
Rly excited to see if you can do combo moves like useing ice beam to freeze then switch to a pokemon that use rock smash or something for more dmg
Everyone’s picking Tepig right? Like there’s just no other option
7:26 isnt promotion matches in the anime ir am i wrong?
7:35 WAIT THAT COULD BE THE START OF THE GALAR WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS FROM THE ANIME!!
So was that supposed to be an official pokemon showdown?
it feels like they just merged both mauvile city and lumiose city
I WAS RIGHT!! ZA takes place after the events of X and Y, everyone else thought it was going to take place in the past but not I.  Also why did they choose two starters from gen 2? That seems dumb in my opinion.
Its been 3000 years....
Not a single starter Mikey predicted landed. Not a single one 😭
The green digital statue, is that a new poke?
4:01 AZ’S FLOETTE IS IN ZA!!!!
Being able to protect just into time to deflect an attack.. also seeing stealth rock to block flame wheel????
Ngl ZA is what I’m most excited for I’m just too excited for the battling honestly like it looks so much better and like a lot more similar to the anime
2:45 "That was a subway!" Surely you mean, 'le metro'!  Anyone else find it odd that two of the starters are from the same gen?  And are those cubones with wings on the wild zone gates?
Definitley seems like graphically what a complete sv would of been can tell by the textures and in game battles it will be pretty good Prolly should of revealed more tbh
My hope is, doubt it'll happen but i hope it does, that the starters will get regional forms AND megas based on the regional forms. Whatever happens though im glad my baby girl chikorita is one of the starters
Curious about the Aqua and Magma symbols in that last bit.
Notice how all the pokemon the megas were fighting have mega forms other than Garbodor? Mega Garbodor confirmed?
e
Guys is it just me who’s a little worried this game takes place in JUST Lumiose city? I mean I’m sure they can make a full game there but I want to go back to Kalos not just Lumiose.
Did you guy notice that the Chikorita brought down that Flaffy’s hp down to zero before the trainer caught it. That means we can KO Pokémon’s HP and still catch them! Shiny hunters will love that. But also if that’s the case, how are going to grind levels?   Also did you guys notice that the rotom phone hade three cameras, like the new IPhones of today. So that’s neat
Bro not them picking 2 starters from johto like me personally I probably pick totodile,so don’t attack me
ZA looks like it's in sar/vil's  engine
Bit late on the video but this looks awesome...im so glad this was made now
Honestly, to me, they could not have made a worse job with the new legends game. It looks good so far but so did the scarelt and violet but I have seen so many playters  complain about framrates so not seeing them talk about how good it will run have me scepticle. Also, this could have been a great oportunity for them to go outside the box again. Have something effect the pokemon, as they did in I belive pokemon ranger,  making them eveil. So you gotta save the city from the pokemon while also saving the pokemon from whatever is making them "evil". Would have been a lot more intresting to me. From what I understand they are basicly just making a pokemon game thats stuck in a city and these "wild zones" are the routs.  Further more, pokemon champion basicly forces player to buy ALL the DLC's they have released. If you want to be competative, wich you probably do seeing as you bought a battlebased pvp game you need to have competivly viable pokemon. Unfortunally this is also the type of game that lends itself great to microtransaction so I am HIGHLY cautious of this move from gamefreak.
Tepig going to be the only starter everyone is going to pick, since dual type is better in almost every single way (of they dont get regionals)
Man dj tv is always helping us with the directs
Ah yes. You can only have friends who look like / don't look like you
Ya know what,chikorita/meganium deserves this. They really needed something
Two things to note: Mega evolution has a timer ORAS megas are in the game as shown by mega Alteria and Sableye
So hyped for the return of Totadile 🥳🥳
I like how they made AZ a giant
Is it me, or does the male player look a lot like a young professor sycamore?
Pokémon Champions sounds for me like a Pokémon Stadium. Like you can get already pre-made pokémon to loan, but like with the Gameboy and Nintendo 64, with the connection to HOME you can play there with your own pokémon. Probably the game detects if HOME is installed on the device you are playing.
The last shot with the Promotional match makes me think Online Battle will be a thing in ZA unlike Arkoos
So this game is most likely going to take place after the events of the xy games and maybe scarlet and violet, cause AZ has his floette and he get it back at the end of xy after looking for it for 3000 years and getting captured by team flare
Could be just me, but the A from the ZA logo looks a lot like ogerpons legs? I'm wondering how it could be connected to this game...
I think Legends ZA still takes place in the past, just a far more recent past.
I wonder why they chose 2 starters from the same gen
If even a usually exited and upbeat poketuber like MandJTV is not overwhelmed by this project you know something's wrong.  (btw, "whelmed" is a synonym of underwhelmed)
I couldnt be less interested in z-a after seeing this preview 🫠 Just in the city???  No. No thank you, i want mountains and forests 😭
Having to move your Pokémon into a specific position during battle, otherwise the move will miss. Hmm, I wonder where i've heard that before
Chikorita is here! Maybe a Kalosian form of Meganium will actually be viable. This line has needed a buff/rework for the longest time.
Just about every poketuber: makes guesses on starters based on trying to match the French theme.   Gamefreak: Nah.
The thing is however big lumiose is, it won't compare to a full region in area. This is like 1/5th of a normal map, so how much can you cram up into a city? Probably a filler game to get people occupied for the year.
Why 2 johto starters?
Za looks so fire can't wait to get that game glad it coming out this year hopefully they add new forms and Megas
Maybe the new forms and/or new Megas comes in a later promotion this year, we dont have the full dex yet(we don't even know if the starters stay the same)
I don't understand why did they add 2 starter from same gen
I was really hoping for snivy as a starter, and the reason why that they didn't show any new forms is so they make you buy the game as fast as you can by promoting the new forms
Champions feels like Go but with battles instead of catching Pokémon
To be fair, the first proper Legends Arceus showed off the same level of stuff; starters, gameplay, a couple characters, etc. We didn’t get our first Hisuian forms revealed until the Summer direct.
IVE BEEN WAITING SINCE THE PRESENTS ENDED FOR MIKEY TO POST
7:59 you are whelmed.
Typically first trailers don't show anything drastic, just the region amd the starters
Looking forward to Z-A, but also Champions so I can use the Pokémon I ev trained from Sword and Scarlet.😊
I’m pretty sure the Z is referring to Zygarde. But they didn’t reveal which Pokemon the A is referring to
A set of SLOW starters😅
Say what you want about the graphics, but at least the humans in this game look 1000x less ugly than the SV ones.
So Cyndaquil & Oshawott had a regional form. Now Tepig, Totodile, & Chikorita get forms... what does this mean for Snivy I wonder 🤔
The screaming to open the video is a bold and hilarious move 😂
Does anyone else think the "promotion match" is alluding to you becoming the lumiose city gym leader?
Btw Pokémon works a joint team from TPC and ILCA, I better not hear yall complaining about them now
You thought the starter for France would be the one based on Napoleon, BUT IT WAS I TOTODRILO!
2:08 The word choice should be worth noting; connect is different from sending or depositing from other games, so we will have to wait and see.
The fact that they didn't show new forms is concerning because either they don't want to show them off yet, or they just don't exist.
Speculation about the scene with the rotom phone at the end of the trailer:  A battle league, where after getting certain ratings or something you can do a battle to promote into the next league?  Which could be connected to quasartico?  Obviously I could be incredibly incorrect about it but idk, I also don't know why I only just thought of that
So .. a couple of things.   It appears you can KO a mon without actually knocking them out. They are instead left, for lack of a better word, dazed. See the Flaffy and Pyroar.  If I were to guess, it would be something like MK, and you'd have to "Finish Them" to actually make them faint.  Also, I think the match ups are going to be like the Frenzied Noble Pokemon from Archeus.
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR I REALTIME POKEMON GAME IN YEARS IM GENUINELY CRYING
Megas for the starters plz
That Legends ZA footage was so cool. It seems like it’s going to be easier than Legends Arceus, but you basically have to learn the correct way to time your own Moves and dodging your opponent. Meanwhile, I still haven’t even finished any play through of Legends Arceus yet. Lol.
Time to get Bluestacks! Pokemon Champions on PC sounds pretty good. :)
5:10 he looks like he would sell you a rocket launcher and a tommy gun.
ZA does nothing for me. Everything since USUM has been 5/10 (besides SV, that was a most a 2) for me. Fan games have been my source of pokemon for a while now.
The "C+" looking thing on the mega evolution move set makes me think of the Switch 2's C button.
The hype of this game is insane
Game looks awful to be honest
The moment you realize they chose two Johto Starters as Starters in Legends: Z-A while the other one (Cyndaquil) was a Starter in Legends: Arceus.
I love how AZ cleaned up after getting Floette back.
Just thought of this, are we going to be able to terastalize megas? Becuase if so, tera adaptability mega lucario sounds kinda scary
Urbain?!? Any Sun Eater fans out there know to stay away from that maniac!!
Tepig makes sense to because of truffle pigs and cooking, Chikorita might be because of flowers and Paris is the city of romance and its roses (only makes sense if it has a regional variant evolution where it becomes a rose) its only Totodile that doesn't make sense to me.
I hope that chaptions become the default game for competitive play since i think being able to access all game mechanics like megas terrastals and dynamax would create an intresting game envirorment.  when i saw the new battle mechanics for z-a i was happy yet also laughed since said innovative mechanics they put in were originally digimon game mechanics from games nearly 20 years old the more pokemon innovates it becomes closer and closer to digimon in terms of game design.
I like the fact that we can „kill“ the Pokémon, so reduce their HP to zero and then they don’t disappear instantly but rather are stunned and we can still catch them
just play legend arceus.. It's so much better. Not by much, but close
Umm..who asked for pokemon on a phone
Cant believe we can now do mainseries game style battles on our phones
I can finally tell my Pokémon to dodge like in the anime
6:01 Did u c!  We can ko a Pkmn n then capture it!
I love this battle system on the fly strategy, which switches quickly and dodges. Also, it doesn't seem like moves have pp but a recharge timer instead
Palworld showed up and made the pokemon company get off their asses.
Pokémon Home sucks. I don’t have it and don’t want it
3:50 into the video and my baby Absol is back! I love absol like you love Castform MandJTV. :D My Baby is back! :D Your video is the first video i saw about this news and i cant wait to have my absol on my team! :D 6:42 is so going to happen :D
To quote a hero to all “DODGE!”
Finallyy my boi tepig is back
At the end it was the notes for A certain champion Piano theme
I'm predicting a further look at Z-A during the Switch2 direct in April.  Probably will see if it gets a performance boost on the system and maybe a new mega or two reveal.  Since this is the holiday game this year, they will definitely be slowly drip feeding reveals with this game.
Also if you notice once absol mega evolves the mega symbol has some sort of timer so it may only last a certain amount of time
2:32 they still want you to buy the main games, dummy. We'll have like 20 rent Pokémon and with Home you can get them from previous games.  And like it's a reason to MAKE YOU PAY Home.
Huge dub for us phone users❤
Do u think we will be able to go inside?  N if so is that y we can’t go outside to other places.   Lol
Can we talk about how he parried that talonflame with stealth rock? 6:23
YAYYY I WAS RIGHT ABOUT THE STARTER GENS(NOT THE TYPES) I guessed Snivy and Cyndaquil from some logic
5:58 Chikorita can learn Disarming Voice. That’s a good sign for Meganium. Fingers crossed it’s half Fairy.
I feel that new forms are usually held off till the full release date/ actual release trailers
I don’t think it’s quite modern. Probably early 1900s
I think the rotom malfunction at the end might hint at a mega porygon z. Colors would match the image it displayed and z would fit with the game title.
Finally! Love for the other 2 Johto starters.
3:07 The grass starter was the only wrong one I guessed (on God).
Anyone notice at the end of the trailer with the promotion announcement the team Magma and Team Aqua logos are on the sides of the room phone
Pretty mid starter selection, unless you really like Gen 2 I guess.   But it's fine.  I'll just catch something and then "return" the starter.
Pokémon Champions could finally be the official Pokémon Showdown game we’ve always wanted, but they NEED to have a team builder. Otherwise, there’s no real difference between it and ranked battles in Scarlet/Violet. The biggest hurdle for new VGC players right now is having to fully EV train a team just to try it out and see if it has potential. An official teambuilder battle sim in the style of Pokémon Showdown could FINALLY fix that problem
Think about this. *_Stellar Terapagos and Ultra-Necrozma vs Primal Groudon and Primal Kyogre_*
I’ve always found it odd when a game allows you to move around freely during combat, but the movement and positioning has no real impact on the fight itself. It’s not super frequent, but I have seen it a handful of times
I know I’m probably the only one, but as someone whose reaction time sucks, I’m slightly disappointed by the new battle system.  Pokemon was always something I could do without having to worry about aiming properly or needing to react just right.  I know a lot of people will just be like “too bad get gud,” but if I could practice away my disabilities I would have by now 🤷🏽
I went 2/3 on starters
So is it safe to say that the starters for the possible 3rd legends game will be snivy, litten and popplio?
This is going be fun. Totodile anyone?
I am cinda disepointed about the starter option:(
We got Anime accurate pokemon battling before GTA 6
Did they just decide to make this game a straight-up sequel to X and Y?  It'd be pretty cool if they did.
Starters for the third legends game will be Litten, Snivy, and Poplio. I'm calling it now. Then All the Gen 2, 5, and 7 starters will have new forms. Those are the only gens we have Legends starters from at this point.
Why not just cyndaquil..
I actually really wanna do Champions never had gotten really big into battling, mainly just shiny hunt a bunch ,but this seems like I might actually try
Honestly not sure how to feel about ZA. The new battle mechanics were interesting as it incorporates the most powerful move in the anime: DODGE!  However, I'm really cautious about because I don't want this to end up like how Scarlet and Violet was with all its glitches, bugs and wonky animations.  Also the starter trio kinda annoys me for two reasons. 1. I'm kinda annoyed that they didn't go with starters that would've fit with the aesthetics of Kalos (i.e. Empoleon and Serperior). I mean you have a water and grass type starter that both take inspiration from European/French nobility and you don't use it in your French region? 2. Regardless of even that, if it wanted to follow the starter trend of Legends Arkoos, why did they use Totodile instead of Popplio? It just feels inconsistent. Like Arkoos had a Gen 2 starter, a Gen 5 starter, and a Gen 7 starter. Here, it's 1 Gen 5 starter and 2 Gen 2 starters. Why? Why not make it Tepig, Popplio and Chikorita for ZA and then make it Litten, Totodile and Snivy for the next one?
I'm hoping that they'll announce that all the previous Pokemon that could Mega Evolve will be in the game because to me it'll make no sense why they'd bring it back and not have all of the previous Pokemon back.  Plus, they picked Chikorita, Tepig, and Totodile because of the Pokemon in Legends: Arceus, Rowlet, Cyndaquil, and Oshawott, so they picked starters from their region. So, I'm going to guess in the next Legends game they'll have Snivy, Litten, and Popplio as the starters.
I really like the concept of champions but I’m gonna have to learn VGC and competitive battling since I usually don’t play online. I was hoping for a spin off game that was like the pokemon world tournament world tournament in BW2 but this is cool too. I like mixing the gimmicks and that’d be a really cool feature in a PWT setting in a tournament like the gym leader tournament.
Im So hype it LOOKS SO AMAZING BRUHHHHHHHHHH OMFG LETS GOOO!!!!
I got 2 of the 3 starters correct.  My prediction was Turtwig, Tepig, Totodile  I get why they have chikorita (so that all gen 2 starts will have something about them), but it is a bit of a shame that something new wasn't given to a different gen
I'm not going to lie. When the pokemon Champions trailer first started I thought they were announcing the main line games for the next generation of Pokemon.
A game focused on battles and a game focused on story and catching YES! GameFreak finally cooked.
I wonder if we'll get Yahvultal in the game or Megas for the 3 chosen starters in the game
I wouldn't say the game looks good, but considering how dense the environments are this is...almost impressive for the Switch? Extra development time genuinely did wonders, praise Nintendo for the extra year of dev time.
Im fine ish with the starters im more  concerned. What their Gonna Do For the ROSTER of pokemon in the Game, Because im hoping they reveal more Pokemon for Kalos and more pokemon in general to expand the pool of creativity.
Wait the Pokemon fainted and had a pokeball thrown at it at 5:56
Champions probs like the anime only one gimmick alowed in a battle per player
2:57 sliggoo :)
I’m actually so happy to see the starters omg, chikorita and tepig are my favourite starters and I had a feeling they’d be the ones, totodile is a nice addition too!
I will take full credit for predicting 2 of the 3 starters. I only got the water type wrong with saying Popplio and not totadile, but nobody would have known that they'd use 2 gen 2 starters. No amount of predictions would have had 2 pokemon from the same game.
I doubt we will have any mounts since everything is within the city
TOTODILE SQUAD!!! ASSEMBLE
5:12- 5:15 had me laughing so hard HAHA
Totodile.......WE are gonna Conquer Kalos (insert Villain Laught here)
The Gen 2 Starters is getting a Spotlight for Legends Z-A but also AZ becomes a Hotel owner with his Flotte
The predictions for our ZA starters were wrong and I’m upset! Guess I’m using Tepig but the disrespect to France is inexcusable.
I mean they're probably trying to save all of the new stuff for later trailers so as to not reveal all of the new stuff immediately
Honestly I’m happy chikorita is a starter she really needed some spotlight for a while. Plus she gets disarming voice as a move so that may hint at the grass fairy typing
I am personally more interested in the new battle system and hope it evolves to be even better if they reuse it in future games.
I might be completely wrong but I’m pretty sure these Pokemon will get mega forms because none of these Pokemon got any other forms in any other games so if I’m right there will be a mega meganiam
I am still very excited and intrigued, but I also can't help feeling a little disappointed. I guess I was just really sold on the idea of it being set in the past.
I am terrified how they're gonna ruin Meganium with a mega. There's no universe where it'll be on the short list off good mega's
Certainly looking forward to seeing how haphazardly you play as Team Sky 😊
I do love the Fedoras!
0:08  actually I care quite a bit
I want to visit the whole region of Kalos, not just the city =(
The fact you can move around in battle is very anime like. I'm hyped.
PATRAT RETURNS
The return of Marcel the Totodile
The starters are terrible I must say
So when the player character jumps from rooftop to the other a Pokemon is definitely scrubbed away because its a new form or something like that. Also why is AZ so damn old? Dude has a cane and is hunched over and thinner than when we battle him at the end of X and Y. How far in the future are these games?
No way they named the friend characters Urban and Townie in a game about development 😂  Edit: y'all I LOVE puns. I'm not complaining about the names. I know Pokemon does pun names. I was mostly surprised that they gave the friend character a pun name when usually they're saved for type specialists like Gym Leaders and the E4. Please stop treating me like a 9 year old learning about puns for the first time. 😂
How revolutionary for Pokemon... walking around the attack 😅
trash game
What a joke. Can't wait for this game to be mid and people act like it's great because of buyers remorse or because people can't be real about these games flaws. Some of you clowns are raving about how good this game is just because they added simple things that should've already been on their games. "Finally we can catch Pokemon after they faint". Okay? Same with L/A. They added a shiny sound so you can tell for sure you ran into a shiny in the overworld. Again should've just been in the game. Doesn't mean that these things make the game better than others 😂
Yeah the battle mechanic seems like it will get tedious after a while...
I know it's unlikely, but maybe we won't get any new regional forms seeing ad this isn't a new region or the past or far future of a region like in legends arceus maybe its just Kalos with less pokemon with az there it doesnt seem to long after the end of x and y
The legends z-a starters I hate them
Pretty sure 99% of Pokètubers got the starters wrong. I think they should have saved Chikorita or Totodile for another Legends game. Weird to have both of the remaining Johto starters in the same game.
In the previous drop we thought the ZA resembles zygard but now it looks like it also resembles AZ
I love the suit of AZ. Just stitched extra fabrics on the joint on a normal suit, so it would fit him.😂
Yes!! Tepig!! The best Pokémon of all time!!
Pokemon Parkour!!!
TEAM PARKOUR????? 👀
The 360° battling with dodge and full motion is all I've wanted since the switch came out. Im so excited to have speed play a bigger role. Its going to be so much fun
Was that a young Justice reference  7:55 ?
I think they chose the least popular starter of each type for these games
So Pokémon Z-A is in Paris basically because that huge tower reminds me of the Eiffel Tower
With that "Promtion match announcement" is Legends Z-A gonna have a full on Pokemon league with Promotion/Relegation?
I'm really excited about ZA ! The new battle mechanics might allow the use of unusual pokemons, and I'm excited to play just into a big city !
The "Oh my god that guy died" got me laughing (Love your videos you're the person who got me into Pokémon)
Anyone else more excited for Champions than Z-A? Am I weird for that?
Game freak threw a curve ball at you with those starters and tbh I wasn't expecting them either😂
Not set in the past🙏
I’m a little sad that two of the starters are from the same gen
My girl Chikorita can finally be usable let's goooo
I'm a bit sad there no Frokie since in Arceus they kept one of the region original starters, and Greninja is the top Favorite from Kalos, but still with that they made it easy for me, is gonna be Totodile since is my fav from Gen 2, and never being a fan of Tepig, and pretty much NO ONE is a fan of Chikorita XD, still odd they chose 2 starters from Johto and not one from a different region each.
I’m going to *Explode* from this hype!
I was real hoping that Froakie was a starter so that its mega form would be Ash-Greninja
Does anyone have any idea about the last little teaser at the end? It seemed like the Paldea Rotom phoke and noise, followed by some tower and bits of the mega evolution noise(?)
So, Champions is going to have the Possibility of Tera Electric Shedinja... I am _very_ afraid.  But also, Gamefreak is finally giving Chikorita the love she deserves!
Totally going for Totodile for my starter 4:04 um why does Zyguard have a hexagon in its 10% form here it's, um you know what should be? and it glowed that's kind of weird 7:56 young justice reference Robin, "Your overwhelmed, freeze was underwhelmed, why isn't anyone just whelmed?"
We better finally get mega flygon
If the starters get new forms that means chickorita may actually be good
If they decide to keep the typing patterns for the starters (fire/ghost, water/fighting and grass/dark) I think Kalosian Emboar will go hard…
Champions will be another mobile bullshit game
Those might be the worst starter options they could've possibly chosen holy shit.
I FORGOT HOW TALL AZ IS 😭 he's like 10 feet tall or something
I believe there are new form but they are keeping it a secret so it surprises the fans
Because of the Gen 2 Starters i would think for the 30 anniversary next year a lets Go silber an gold or Remakes of them
I have a few Questions  1). Why are stuck in Lumiose City and can't explore the Kalos Region?   2) Since it takes place in modern times why can't we do the gym challenge? I  want to know how the Gym Leaders are doing.  3) Since it's an XY sequel, why aren't we using the Kalos Starters?
Not sure how I feel about the more action like battle system.  Definitely need to see more because the trailer was pretty dull after a year of waiting. The Champions game was more exciting.
"sir we were transporting the starters from johto and... the cyndaquil kinda........ fell through a wormhole?"  "darn, well we're on good terms with the unova region right?"  "yes sir, do we just send the johto starts back and ask for the unovan ones?"  "mmmm no just ask for their fire type starter, too much hassle to send the 2 johtonian starters back anyway"
Super excited for this new battle system!  Chikorita has Disarming Voice in its moveset. Maybe Fairy typing for Meganium?
Well, as a TEPIG FAN, I’m happy they’re giving my little piggy some love. Hyped for A-Z!  Also, it’s about TIME for GameFreak to do something like CHAMPIONS!!
Maybe in the new trailers we get new Pokemon forms They usually build it up
i’m so glad i get to use my favourite starter and favourite pokemon in a playthrough again finally (Totodile/Feraligatr)
That last bit makes me think we're gonna get the Pokemon League in this game. Maybe they'll actually make Diantha a little harder this time
New getting xenoblade style battle in pokemon is really cool
I may sound crazy but I honestly believe this game began as the original Indigo Disk DLC. Instead of Blueberry Academy and its Terrarium, its Lumiose City with Wild Zones. The characters sharing the same clothes would make sense, staying in one area makes sense, the fact the game is modelled on SV makes sense. The fact its heavy on Johto pandering makes sense. Obviously this would have to have been done early in development, but, and this will sound really pessimistic, this is a nothing burger. 2-3 years for a remodel of SV with Kalos slapped ontop. It feels more like a Johto game with its two Johto starters than a Kalos game. When I look at this game I don't think of Kalos, nothing like how SM are recognisable as Alola and Legends Arceus as Sinnoh. It feels like just another DLC for Scarlet and Violet.   One of my biggest gripes was that this game has no real reason for existing. It can't justify itself. What is really needed from it? Legends Arceus had its own identity and purpose, to show the world of Pokemon centuries prior. It was unique and fresh. While with this game...what exactly is its identity? It's Scarlet and Violet but modelled with Lumiose. Nothing is unique, its another slightly futuristic modern setting that is slightly open world. Now the story here is entirely speculative since we have virtually no information, and I want to be wrong here, but I feel like it will just be Sword and Shield with a new coat of paint; an evil CEO will use a legendary (seemingly Zygarde and its cells) to either help or save Kalos/Lumiose. Originality is not something I feel this game has much of.  I'm just...disappointed. I'm a Kalos fan, I loved XY as a kid and the show in Kalos was stupidly well done. Gen 6 got the short end of the stick by GameFreak with them just skipping to the next generation when XY were clearly unpolished and not done. The 2024 reveal gave Kalos fans hope, that we would finally be getting justice for the lackluster attention...and what we got after 11 years is something that feels like an after thought. The spotlight doesn't feel like its on Kalos and its "beauty" (Masuda said previously that the theme of Kalos was beauty and the region definitely shows that) but the light is instead on a Scarlet and Violet DLC that panders to gen 2. This reveal made me really believe GameFreak genuinely has no real interest in Kalos or representing it well. The devs (the more important decision makers anyway) care more about Gold and Silver than X and Y. They took everything that made Legends Arceus the best game they've made in years and disregarded all of its uniqueness. This just feels like an attempt to cash in on Kalos nostalgia, not a real attempt at giving Kalos another try.  I have alot of positives and other analytical things I could say about this but I don't wanna write an essay and no one wants to read an essay. I'll end this by saying I hope the game can deliver on its poor foundation.
I honestly don't mind no new forms, They will probably release new sneak peeks to make us keep interested probably? I'm just happy to see what the game actually looked like finally.
Was on VC with a friend watching, and we both said we were whelmed too. 😂
I think that they just are doing a simple overview of the game just to show what its about, maybe a little from now they might start to try to genrate hype by dripfeeding us more new forms and megas. They've been doing that for a bit and I say it works so don't put your bets in just yet as they haven't released it just yet.
Just had an idea! What if instead of Alpha Pokémon… We’re fighting wild Mega Pokémon?… 🤯
Can I just say I am excited to be rolling with my boy, Tepig!!! 🤩🤩
1:48 The Pokemon Works? I sure hope it does!
GOGOAT IS BACK (again)
It’s not ugly they just didn’t out do themselves it looks like if scarlet had a patch. I was hoping to get better detail for the game being such a small location
0:00 you scared my baby
Everybody excited for Pokemon Champions til they realise that Tera Water Dracovish is legal
Yeah Legends ZA is def a sequel bc AZ is reunited with his floette in this game which is exciting. We might get to see a grown up Clemont and Bonnie.
Mini onix already has me mad. Scarlet and violet and legends arceus were so good with pokemon sizes why game freak why.
I need my mega klefki now, Gamefreak 😔
"They just let it fall into disrepair?" Noooooooo, man, c'mon! The whole premise here is to reshape the city to allow pokemon (ie, nature) and humans to coexist! There's plenty of real world examples, both theoretical and in use, of intentional development for similar goals.
Mikey was wrong about the starters but I so wanted to be right
It took pokemon to be threaten by palworld to update their gameplay style 😂😂😂
OMG if they give Totodile a new form or a mega form, I just might get the game for that alone.
And as usual, a Kalos game absolutely shafting the everloving shit out of their starters by featuring Charizard in the trailers but not the starters lmao
Not gonna lie.... I'm not really on board with 2 started from the same generation like that, regardless of which one it is.   However.... this game is shaping up to like really fun! The battle mechanics are quite interesting. Hopefully we can see if any new Megas are coming.
Pokemon Champions is actually hype
While we didn't get any new forms in THIS video, there's plenty of time for us to see them between now and when the game launches. Only time will tell I suppose. That said...MY BOY TEPIG IS A STARTER AGAIN! 🥳🥳🥳
No lie the new battle system has me worried, as I don't like Modern Action RPGs like the new Final Fantasy or Xenoblade saga.
Excited for Champions. I've missed battle sims but since the whole point of them existing was to show your Pokemon in 3D I didn't expect to see them again. After Dexit, I held help that now they had an excuse to make another one and low and behold. Hyped.  As for ZA, I am floored by how different it was from my expectations but in a good way. Nothing about it was expected. Didn't expect the time period to be more modern and pseudo futuristic and I didn't expect the more MMO-esque battle system but I'm not disappointed. It's different and for Pokemon that's a good thing. The graphics look like SV but a lot more polished, the biggest issues from what I've seen are the antialiasing of the shadows. I did expect them to show just a little more but hey they need stuff to drip feed us throughout the year leading up to launch to build up excitement and engagement, so I'm as you but it "whelmed" in that regard.  Overall, I feel more hopeful for the franchise than I did last year so that's a relief. Here's hoping Gen 10 can continue this momentum, preferably in a couple years so it can be fully cooked.
I'm still wondering if the game will feature *anything* outside of Lumiose City. I'm wondering how they'll incorporate legendary Pokémon, and whether there will be any actual exploration apart from just following a city map and going into a few small habitats.
im disappointed you didn't scream "PATRAT IS BACK
Are you kidding me! This looks just as shit as scarlet and violent
It seems they are implementing the pokemon world championships system from pokemon journeys. Ash had to go through several promotion matches before facing Leon and the other regional champions.
So it looks like it might have real time MMO skills Attacks seems to have short cool downs
The new battle system remind me the digimon game on the pso
For Champions, they said “you won’t be limited” to the Pokémon in the game, implying there will be some in game plus whatever you have in Home
"I was completely wrong about the starters" Mikey 2025
Why 2 gen 2 mons? Have you ever SEEN how bad generation 2 is? They all need the help
Something I don't think anyone has noticed. The flaffy the character battles and catches, it's health was GONE. Not in the red, or a sliver, it was GONE. I think we have a new knock out mechanic for battles!
"omg that guy died" 😂😂😂 nah he just fainted.
people are just going to be running around each other trying to get a hit in if this game gets online battles
Hopefully chikorita has at least two gym advantage. And have better treatments
I think they chose the starters based on  legends Arceus and I think when they make the third legends game the starters might be snivy, litten , and popplio
A little disappointed at the ZA section- nice to see starters, I'll believe the real time battle mechanics when I see them in action (Pokemon hasn't exactly built good faith in their games working well...) but the rest of it were just meh bits of news about like humans in the Pokemon world? Really? I don't give a damn which humans are present, show me some Pokemon, a glimpse at a new form or even like a Legendaries head or finger or something.  Pokemon Champions looks cool - let's wait and see though, if they still require us to catch and level Pokemon we use (due to the Home connection) then it's a bit meh
TOTODILE GANG!!!
We waited a year for nothing. Disappointed
They're already in Team Sky jackets!! :D
4:04 I just realized Zygarde's butt is glowing
its been 3000 years
Theory: They choose this starters because its 15th anniversary  for Unova, and 25th anniversary  for johto
“Who cares?!” I DO MICKEY! I love the rotom phone covers in Scarlet and Violet.
5:14 isn't this a new form for Floette?? Soft launching new forms here 🇫🇷
Calling it now. The next legends game will have the starters: Snivy, Popplio, and Litten. Based on the unused starters from the gens used so far. And will be in the distant future because Arceus was distant past, this is modern, next will be future. 👀🤔
I will be choosing my Chikorita!
This new battle style is exciting. It seems like it's going to be full on real time, or as close as you can get. Feels a bit like the style of battling the recent FF games have been doing.  Also, I'm not surprised they haven't revealed new megas or regional variants. We're still a ways off from release, so they want to save stuff to keep the hype up by revealing it later.
I think they deliberately chose the 3 least popular starters to give them a new form to make them more well liked.
So is it that Pokemon legends ZA takes place in the future and also since you can dodge moves does that mean 100% accurate moves are 50% accurate
Wait so is Pokemon legends Z-A taking place in the future? If that's the case then what is the story reason for why the starter pokemon changed from Froakie, Fennekin, and Chespin to now be Totodile, Tepig, and Chikorita? Also because this isn't like Legends Arceus which takes place in ancient times, would the player have to do Gym battles again? If there are new megas then what would be the story reason for why it didn't exist during the events of XY but now they are in Legends Z-A? Also would this mean we get to see the descendants for some of the Pokemon characters like how Legends Arceus we saw like the ancestors.
it's coming out late 2025 so there's going to be more trailers so no worries you will be see a bunch of new stuff this year
Dynamax in Legends Z-A! Rotom Phone first came in SwSh, and the logo of the promotion match is clearly a Dynamax Ball above Lumiose Tower!!
I LOVE TEPIG!!
Mid staters 😂
This game is shaping up to be awesome! I assume we're gonna have more news through the upcoming months considering it'll come out this year.
I just want turns not moving around.
The new battle system for Legends Z-A reminds me a little bit of Yo-Kai Watch Blasters on the 3DS. Where the battles take place in real time and you have full movement to avoid attacks.  I’m looking forward to trying out Legends Z-A later this year.
Guys chill they are just waiting until later to reveal the new megas.
I'm so happy Totodile and Chikorita are coming back!! Especially since Cyndaquil has been hetting a lot of good treatment from Legends Arceus, and Gen 1 and 3 starters had already gotten their stuff with the Megas. Now hopefully they do Mega Feraligatr and Meganium justice!
It looks garbage😊. (Visually, the gameplay looks awesome)
I just want turns not moving around.
Not a big fan of the single city setting.
Vinnie is antagonist 100%  Guy gives off lysandre at home energy
The battle system in this game reminds me of the battles in the Pokémon adventures manga!
Instead of new forms how about mega evolutions
What starter u picking?
People already bitching about the starters, i love seeing this fandom rage over nothing👌🏻🔥
I think it’s a good thing that they didn’t show any new forms, it allows us to experience everything firsthand instead of knowing some things ahead of time. I am worried though, because of this being in a modern era, they might not have any new forms for Pokemon. I’m hoping I’m wrong, because Pokemon games aren’t the same without some new forms, but it’s something to consider
If i did not know better az looks like a villain with how creepy and tall he is
I'm more concerned about Z-A now. I'm going to completely forget about the fact Pokémon basically *FOLLOW* *YOU* *IN* *BATTLE.* Or that attacks now have a cool down timer. What is this? The Xenoblade Chronicles Arts System?
The picture of the switch they showed for Pokemon champions looked like a switch two.
DEDENNE IS IN THE GAME
I had hope untill the very end
Thoroughly disappointed with the starters and the fact it's modern lumiose and only modern lumiose.   Still excited for the game just because PLA was so good.
I have a feeling ZA takes place YEARS after the events of XY
I got up earlier than usual, to watch this and get your reaction. Your videos have been a life saver, lately. Thanks, my guy. Much love!
I'm shocked and weirdly relieved they didn't release anything about Gen 10.  Save it for the 30th anniversary, but I still want to know what is possibly in store for us.
I'm a fan of the starters, specifically chikorita
This was fun to watch
None of these starters excite me. I might catch a Charmander and that will be my starter
Weird how we're getting 2 Jhoto starters in ZA.
They chose the starters based on which one is the least good competitively for each type pretty sure. Meganium and emboar are definitely the worst of their type. I think water is probably intelleon but feraligatr is probably 2nd worst. Ignoring ones that already have alternate forms and megas already of course.
‏‪0:04‬‏ talking for the whole community 🤣
You went 0/3 for the starters 💀
The new battling system can really lean into the rpg aspect of fighting. You now can control your pokemon in a different than seen before. Almost like Poken but more mainline focused.
That X and Y battle music in the background...I legit cried when I heard it lol, can't wait for this game to come out.
So champions is basically a new version of the stadium games.
I love your reactions Mikey
Feel bad for no forms or regional variants. Like i know that in Pokemon legends za they were going to introduce mega evolution.
lowkey love the way AZ stands over you like a cryptid. just looking at him causes me joint pain though like i suppose being 10 feet tall and 3000 years old with do that to you
A bit disappointed
He's just whelmed.
So did sm else saw that Fluffy's HP bar fell to 0 and then Fluffy was cought?
Under a hour gang👇
I think why it looks different than legends Arceus is because I think the design matches the gen like legends arceus looked like sword/shield. It mostly looks like scarlet and violet but you can tell it also looks x and y also. I like how the characters look and AZ looks amazing and looks happy as well with his Pokémon
Cant wait to see if anyone got sent back in time or in this case into the future mayble
The new battle style is awesome 😎. I wish they would have gone with turtwig, litten and froakie because that kinda looks like cool 😎.
Lmao I feel the same way about Scarlet and Violet
Totadile stocks are wayyy up
As of Legends Z-A, the only pokemon missing from a Switch game are the Elemental Monkeys as both Furfrou and Patrat line are in Z-A.
This game lets you fight like the anime LETS GOOOOOO
Ok, I am mostly excited about Pokemon Champions from this Presents. The new trailer for Legends Z-A was alright, however, I am quite interested in it's new battle mechanic, which appears to be a real-time battle system.
People are pretty mad about the choice of starter but i like it this way. They need more love
Nintendo when picking starters for this game: "lets put all the starter in a lottery machine. The first 3 will be starters for ZA!"
Mikey's reaction to AZ was great 🤣
I’m not disappointed. I got what I wanted: the starters revealed.
I think we’re either not getting any new Megas or if we do, it won’t be for the Pokemon that need it.
This is so wrong chikorita and totidile are from the same region
I got chills with legends ZA
i just really hope they include beedrill
We can dodge moves for real this time🔥
5:11 AZ the laker need a center😂😂😂
Calling it now. Grass Fairy meganium, water dark feraligatr, and fire poison Emboar.
When i first saw Chikorita in this trailer i got sooo excited. "THEY COULD MAKE MEGANIUM COOL NOW *YEEEEAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!"*
Aww, am I gonna be stuck with Urbain if I play as a girl? Then again, SV doesn't even have a gender selection and it was deliberately vague in some previous games so I wonder how your appearance decides who you get
I love how the protagonists look like they’re much older, like late teens
Legends of Arceus : Cyndaquil  Pokemon Z-A :Totodile and Chikorita  Gen 2 Remakes soon???
ITS POKEMON RELOAD!!!😮😮😮
Mega and Tera. Welcome to Showdown National Dex
CHIKORITA TRUTHERS RISE UP 💚💚💚
LESSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Chikorita is finally getting some love
Im so excited chikorita is getting love
Don't forget to Subscribe!!!!
Doesn’t matter what people say. This game looks fun and I like the graphics
Wait is this the future of Lumiose city? Its almost like the legend games are being used to patch the johto starters. Im thinking poison fire, fairy grass, and either dark or steel water types.
Nice beard
Sorry but Pokemon ZA is just the exact opposite of what I want out of a pokemon game. Limited to one city? Pokemon in tiny “wild zones”? It looks terrible and I really hope I’m proven wrong and it’s actually amazing but absolutely nothing they showed got me excited
I don't think chikoritas gonna be bad anymore
So the battle is xenoblade
I guess Legends isn’t a denotation for “open world game set in different time period” necessarily. It’s just what they add to an experimental title. I’m cautiously optimistic but it lacks a lot of what I like about Arceus so we’ll see.
Why 2 gen 2s
When is Mikey gonna realize those are the least popular Starters in the entire series?
tepig and totadile . This game is beyond comp
*Fucking love how we both had the reaction of “Jesus Christ hes tall” to seeing AZ*
Mikey's prediction might've been wrong But I'm choosing blue croc boy, TOTODILE Also real-time battles? Also at the end that might the the Gym battle
0:10 i love how he's getting mad for no reason
NOT THE AZ JUMPSCARE
Three minutes ago, I think that's a new global Youtube record for me.  Very hype!
why are people still excited for pokemon lol
Sigh... hope the hype of ithers hype me up. The starters (2 johto starters! why?), the city restrictions and the E & V graphics (with a different contrast) were alet down.
Ik alot of people are upset about the Z-A starters, but I'm happy they're giving attention to lesser loved starters instead of just throwing the loved ones. It gives then a chance to breathe new life into them, ESPECIALLY if we get Megas for them
Go Team Sky 🔥🦅
Bro there's already NSFW art of the characters 😂.
I’m just realizing, I think their trying to complete the starter trios for legends games (Johto, Unova & Alola) Because Johto now has all 3 starters in a Legends game, and Unova has moved up to two starters in a legends game. Next Legends Game will have Snivy, Litten & Popplio as starters, calling it right now.
Wth its been two mins
Cool yipi
The default outfit is green and black!! TEAM SKY IN ZA!!
I’ve never been this early im so hype for this game
CHIKORITA GAINED DISARMING VOICE!!! THIS IS NOT A DRILL, FAIRY MEGANIUM IS PROBABLY REAL!!!
Oh no, AZ finally let the 3000 years catch up to him.  He needs a cane now.
I am very disappointed that we didn't get any new mega form reveals, but they literally gave us anime accurate dodging and battles, so im not gonna complain.  Ps: We also saw a Flaffy getting captured after it was most definitely knocked out, so now we can catch pokemon who have fainted ig. REVOLUTIONARY!!!!!!!
GO TEAM SKY
Let's go 🎉
Number 2 i was on tv
Hiii 215th like I love your videos❤ you are a great youtuber❤
Z-A already looks so much better than S/V, I can't put my finger on why but it just looks so clean in comparison  edit: I think the lighting engine has a big part in it, it was one of the worst things about S/V's visuals and looks a lot better and more stylized in Z-A
Remember how we got 2 sets of starters in XY? We might get the same here, with the ones shown getting new forms with the 2nd set getting the mega evolutions
Starters kinda suck. Not because I dislike Tepig, Chikorita, or Totodile. I don’t dislike them. It’s because we waited a whole year just for the starters to be the Johto Trio but with Tepig instead because no Cyndaquil. Speaking of a Hisui Starter, I wish we got a mix of three different regions starters like in Legends Arceus.
So we basicly know that in the 3rd Legends game the starters will be Snivy, Litten abd Poplio, yuh?
I wanted the Starters announced, and that's what I got, so I'm happy. I'm choosing my boy, Totodile.
Mikey in Johto Forgotten video: Chikorita and Totodile have not gotten any love. ZA Trailer: Are you sure about that?  EDIT: It's crazy that the Gen 2 Starters all get new forms (assuming Meganium and Feraligatr will be getting them)
HYPE STUFF @W@
I can’t believe Mikey said Pokémon Champions was for horses and green beans
I'm choosing Chikorita my 1st playthrough then Tododile 2nd
I think it looks mid compared to legends Arkoos
I feel Totodile may be the favorite child of this region.
I need a switch more then ever now.
Champions could be game changing. Was hoping for Serperior but good for Chikorita
2 Johto starters and 1 Unova starter is a weird line up
The little Zygarde cell near the end on the roof is my baby now. I called dibs Edit: I want to clarify, I just want the one on that roof. You all get to have a cell too I just claim that one
No new mega! Or Cinderace being a starter, I’m disappointed
i love the concept but not a fan of the art style tbh
Hhehe me first second
Big fan Mikey❤
Late 2025 bruh I WANT IT NOW
First 🎉
CAN'T WAIT FOR TEAM SKY JUMPING ROOF TO ROOF
Literally the worst combination of starters they could've possibly chosen. Beyond disappointed. Two Johto starters and another Unova starter, ignoring every other region. Plus the Kalos starters are getting upstaged in their own region yet again. No one is going to use the Kalos starters, they'll use these three, just like no one used the Kalos starters in X and Y, they used the Kanto starters because they had Megas.
yo
Why was Mickey screaming at the start?
Yeah First
WE GOT NEWS GUYS!? 🎉  Edit: As long as Diancie shows up I DON’T CARE WHAT FORMS WE GET, DAMMIT
Yo that's cool
W mandjtv as usual big fan keep the good work going
Team sky for the new game!!!!! A new bird Pokémon form!!! I must fry it!!  👇
Yessssssss! Sand!
I’m a little bit interested in Champions.
WHY THOSE STARTERS..
ZA is gonna be so good
Jejs
First
YOOO LETS GOOOOOOO
OH WORD?)
Oh Snyap 🫰
