I thought this was clarified. The number was $6K not $60K.
Too Bad Hyundai.!! Just in time saw this video as was researching and ready to place deposit for ioniq 9 tomorrow in BC Canada. I’ll go with Grand Highlander Hybrid instead.  Thanks guys for putting up this issue in open. Some big corps think that one person can’t do anything but honestly, the sales rep at Hyundai dealership told me his Tucson hybrids and order cars are just lying there in lot and not selling😅😅 I’m proud of Canadian public unity😅❤
There are some misleading points made in this video.  A coolant leak in an EV would impact the thermal management system and eventually lead to overheating battery cells.  It may not show up in the diagnostics right away.  It would affect the long term use of the EV and I think the service techs were correct to reveal that discovery and it does not matter if the vehicle was still operational.
As usual big corporate companies and the government have all the rights to ensure buyers are never protected. It will take years for laws to get established to ensure things like this don’t ever happen again I will never buy an electric vehicle from any brand.
Nicely built ride,I'm celebrating $32K stock portfolio today... Started this journey with $3K.... I've invested no time and also with the right terms, now I have time for my family and life ahead of me
If you put a lot of words together they make excuses.
All said and done this opened my eyes to a catastrophe problem with EV autos, especially if the car is almost brand new, the cost of the battery is ridiculous, and they don’t last forever even though you may think so the battery will not so when you go to trade it in it’s depreciation is a huge problem, all EV car company’s trick you into believing there is only an upside to owning an EV will save you on fuel costs, trying to justify the cost of the vehicle by paying more for it upfront , the hidden horror is when something like this happens and the dealership and or manufacturer throw up their hands and you are now at their mercy. Sorry but just for the possibility alone of this happening to anyone purchasing an EV car without any possible recourse of action over a dealerships decision on the damage of the battery without even doing an internal inspection is a no win situation, one that will cost you 100% of the original cost of the vehicle, warning ‼️ before you buy look into your warranty / battery protection and the possibility of this happening to you….is it even worth the gamble for such a monstrous headache
Strange mine was 7000 this year new  Where are you shopping 😂😂
thats is a VERY stylish jacket she has!
as a recent ioniq 5 buyer, this is TERRIFYING
Ha! Seems all that mess with proxy-dealership-relationships was all the time intact, but now increased with crisis in automotive history. Has similar face-palm story related to Porsche North America and their unwillingness to make things right for the warranty covered car. For now car is >140 days in official dealer repair shop and still not running... Porsche N.A. sends templated replies that they care but they are just sales and marketing organization and you're on your own in front of dealer (who is definitely benefitting from sucking Porsche warranty money for infinite number of replacements and tests)
I am in a similar situation with a Hyundai Kona Electric SEL that I am leasing from a dealer. I was heading to a hike in Colorado and encountered a rocky section of the road. Going over it very slowly and carefully the undercarriage took a few dings, but nothing seemed too serious. Car threw no alerts, battery health reporting fine, charging normally, operating as expected. A few weeks later I took the vehicle in for its 5000 mile inspection. The dealer service department then recommends that I replace the vehicle battery outright due to seemingly trivial looking scratches to the protective plate. I was quoted just over 32K while the residual value of the car is just over 29K. I asked if they were able to do a thorough inspection and they said the were unable and simply required to follow protocol out of an abundance of caution. Its unclear if the battery was indeed damaged or if the protective plate did its intended job. I then filed an insurance claim same day and am now waiting to try to have the vehicle battery properly inspected. If we go with the dealer recommendation all signs point to this car being totaled, but nothing official yet. My claim is effectively paused while the adjuster looks into this further. I at least have a little time to get my ducks in a row.  As many are discovering from this youtube video, if just a scratch to the undercarriage of an EV can total it, this puts otherwise well intentioned EV owners at risk of this happening to them, and shows how easily a beautiful low milage EV can be taken off the road. It's incredibly stressful. There needs to be a system in place to replace the protective cover of the battery packs if even necessary, and a system in place to check if the battery is damaged after hitting rocks or debris in the road, especially in mountainous terrain like we have in Colorado. Without any protections its like we're driving glass cars around, or that others have mentioned, you would need a protective cover for the protective cover. This is all so absurd and disheartening :(  Any recommendations on how to proceed would be greatly appreciated!
Why didn't he just keep driving it ? It was functioning correctly, and if he was concerned plug in an OBD and check the battery health
My daughter and son-in-law have a gas fueled truck and an electric pick up truck.  Her gas truck had the battery die so hubby said no problem…when I get home I will jump it.  Then he remembered he can’t jump it, his vehicle is electric.
My 2023 Jeep Cherokee Overland, 12,000 miles. 17,000.00 US dollars to replace the big battery. It is back ordered 45 days. Given a rental, but not happy, I can't take my Jeep back until the battery comes in since it is hybrid. It is under warranty, since it is leased.
My wife’s 2024 BMW I4 battery is guaranteed for 8 years or 80,000 miles. This story makes no sense. I’ve seen numerous batteries and covers. This story needed more research. I work for a BMW dealer. Never once have I seen anything like this.
Don’t get another ev, I have one and missing my gas vehicle. Something about a gas vehicle 👌🏽
this is more than enough to put me off of EVs, especially given that Hybrids and Plug In Hybrids are available.  It also puts me off of Hyundai.  Sad as I owned two Hyundai Sonatas in the past. And as a purchaser, I consider a Hyundai Dealer as a representing the company.
It's a minor scratch on the underside of the car, to a protective cover. A cover that will no doubt get scratched on any model of car during routine day to day use. The cover has done it's job by presumably preventing damage to the battery itself. I would like to see that cover removed and Hyundai should easily be able to show damage to the battery itself to justify it's replacement. There's also zero justification for a replacement battery to cost more than the whole car, given the significant number of other components and tech in the car, a battery simply does not cost that much.
I suspect there is much fraud and dishonesty involved when it comes to yours or your insurer's dealing with those "repair shop" scams or dealerships here in Canada :( I also had somewhat weird experience... Liars, scammeps, propagandists and terroristst became too many and too bothering in our modern World, unfortunately... (Or perhaps I am just in bad blue mood right now) I also think, they (Hyundai dealership) are idiots and have no idea how wide/deep that "hole" at the bottom should be in fact! I bet if they measure that in a new/prestine same model car, they will be surprised (or embarrassed) ;)
I was saving money for an EV in few years. Gonna delay that until this clown politics from car companies changes.
1.) The Dealership didn't even do a proper inspection. 2.) The 56k battery price appears to be an arbitrary place holder price, based of the price of E-GMP cars. Seeing this price should have raised red flags right away. 3.) a 50% increase in insurance is a rip off. 4.) Hyundai Canada and Hyundai Korea failed in every possible way of handling this situation.  I wish we knew who bought the car in auction, I bet the battery pack (and more importantly the cells inside are not damaged to the extent of needing replacement).
Exactly the same issue with my Ioniq 5! The discrepancy between the self diagnostics and the dealer claim that driving the car is dangerous, leads me to believe that either the self diagnostics are inadequate, or that the dealer protocol is faulty. I do thank you for your research as this has helped me enormously to understand the complexities of the issues that I have been experiencing over the past two weeks.
at least the labor portion was cheap
What was wrong with the car that the battery needed to be replaced? That scratch? Give me a break.
How did insurance allow the claim in the first place?  It wasn’t a collision.  Just a road debris denting the battery doesn’t allow claim unless it was a vehicle that kicked up the debris to cause the damage….. questionable information given.
What a lot of crap come on you can come up with something that is better than this you can suck your readers into believing. Haven't you heard of manufacturers insurance private car insurance and if  two don't cover the battery they have you sucked you into it and made you a FOOL
Well, this rules out Hyundai for a car in any possible scenario.
Ne JAMAIS acheter HYUNDAI, ne JAMAIS acheter electrique. (à moins d'être très riche, et acheter une voiture electrique, soit un jouet pour aller à la boulangerie, et stop.)
All I have to hear is that a dealership is involved and I know there’s a scam.
As an engineer, I have a suggestion. Make smaller battery packs. Say, the Ioniq can have FOUR packs kept separate from each other. Then let us assume Kyle ran over a climate protester or an EV evangelist politician. Even assuming Hyundai's insane battery cost est is correct, that makes the cost c$ 58000 /4 for one pack = c$ 14500 and say C$ 16k  totally? Why TF do you need one huge battery pack? And why not put better protection below the battery packs
$60,000 can buy me 20 years of free gas.
Hahaha who would buy one of those piles
Thanks for this excellent report. Battery protection cover sounds more like mediocre protection cover. Thanks for convincing me to ride a bike or keep my gas car instead.
It seems to me , Hyundai should design a more robust shield to protect the battery, so problems like this dont happen.
1.9 M have viewed this site  since it came out 6 months ago. This has to be impacting Hyundai.
Imagine if you had to buy your gasoline at the dealership at whatever price they wanted.  These batteries should be universal and open to be made by anyone.  No sale.
~ Just STOP buying them, DUH. ~ lol,  Some people are so delusional. ~
Both of  you make  reporting difficult
Sure, $60,000 is a lot to replace the battery, but hey, you are saving the planet, right?
i can almost guarantee there is NOTHING wrong with the car in the first place.  im still at the beginning but he brought it in just because he thought he ran ove something?  he didnt actually have any codes or warnings?  this is a damn scam and he got screwed... shame on that dealer. that dealer needs to e put on blast.
One person's scratch is another person's gouge. A battery pack with a gouge is a serious issue. My problem with this story is that it's kind of one-sided.
This only reinforced my believe that ev are not there yet and it is still a long way from being a sustainable solution, I will resist buying ev until the very end
Batteries are modular so replacement would not entail that much. Plus you have an 8 year warranty
🤣🤣🤣In near tears
Only idiots buy electric car.
NEVER buy a Hyundai EV
I have a Ram 1500 for daily commute and a Ram 3500 dually for hauling and heavy work, both of them has more than 200k miles and so far no issues... I will never give that security away to "save" 9n gas.  Edit: Just finished watching the whole video and by looking at the guy and listening to him speak I can guarantee that they finesse him.
No Hyundai EV for me after watching this.
I'm going to keep my ice vehicle as long as I can
I just looked up that part number online. An OEM Hyundai parts supplier quotes: $31666.50 USD RETAIL. So the parts source I looked at already has markup built into that price! More than once I've seen different dealers that put a 100% markup on parts. I've seen the invoices those few occasions. Seems like the insurance company ought to step in and protect their customer (the EV owner) or some Canadian consumer protection group ought to step up. Or a lawyer. The very first step ought to be further inspection by a third party mediator under the supervision of a Hyundai engineer. As a consumer if I knew my insurance rates went up for that long I'd be stomping mad about it and fight to protect the interests of myself and my family. OP might be single but regardless - protect yourself. Don't accept this outcome. Makes me angry and it isn't even my car. ;)
Buy this ev and get a free lollipop! Lol
Man I was really considering the Ioniq 5 as my first EV but now I’m not so sure anymore.
That’s what u get for being woke lol 😂
Take the cover off and look at the battery itself
It's not true, it's fake.
Don’t buy EV. Its its all brand problem
Stop buying Hyundai. Period
NIO EV will NEVER have this issue, GENIUS Chinese
3.19 - 3.23 Why does the invoice show 6649.98 list and net amounts then inserts a 5  in front of these identical numbers bumping up the total?
Was going to purchase a limited Ioniq 5. Came across this video. I’m not going to put myself in this possibility, thanks.
The dealership is the last place I would go to get something fixed even if its in warranty as they report everything against you.
For the environment? BS! EVs are SCAMS. It has been PROVEN that, from the day an EV leaves the assembly line, it takes 150k MILES to a brand new ICE car to match the carbon print of a fully electrical EV...just because of the damn battery!   EV owners do it ONLY for the money saved on fuel. It's NEVER about the environment!
That dealership sounds like a den - of - thieves...RUN AWAY!
Beware ALL full electric vehicles! Don't believe the lies coming from the government, manufacturers and academia...😮😢
@motomouth - Thank you for bringing this story to light, and clearly more due diligence required for the buyer.  Perhaps the main battery requires a road hazard warranty?? It is sad that the ignorance and hate in these comments reflects the lowest common denominator I'm not sure what's worse, that a battery alone costs more than a car that ships with a battery Or that this very informative video is now being weaponized to spread more ignorance and hate on EV's
I was about to pull the trigger on a 2023 Genesis GV60 (same battery as the Ionic 5 in this video).  My wife and I fell in love with it at first drive.  Smooth, powerful, and quiet with all the luxury you can imagine - including very long warranties for peace of mind...Until now The fact that scratches on a skid plate *could* result in writing off the vehicle, or worse - "Explode" as the dealer told this guy...gives me pause If the battery is that expensive, and so easily prone to damage, you'd think Hyundai / Genesis would have installed a thick aluminum skid plate to protect it.
It always feels like insurance companies, body shops, dealerships, and adjusters/evaluators are all conspiring to rip consumers off.
Okay, really great video. But one thing keeps stumping me. When I look at the invoice for the battery replacement it looks like a simple mistake. They added a five in front of the $6,649.98. Almost like it should have been a dollar sign instead of a five, which represents $50,000!  Maybe I'm just oversimplifying things, but it looks like the battery itself cost $6,649.98. Plus labor. So in the end, it would have been closer to $9,500, parts, labor and taxes included.  It looks like the five in $56,649.98 should have been a dollar sign.  Am I wrong?
Don’t buy EV.
Wow, at this moment 14,739 comments. Normally this should be the end of EV's sold by Hyundai, in particular the Ionic, or the end of EV's in general. I am sure Elon Musk is not happy with this video. Kyle, you might have helped accelerating the down fall of the EV industry in a time where major brands are already announcing  leaving EV and focus on the development  of the hydrogen engine.  Quite a wake up call, I was actually thinking of buying me a cheap used EV, to safe money on gas.  Basically the operational life span of an electric vehicle ends with the duration of the warranty, on average 8 years or 100.000 miles.  Now the biggest lie in the video by Hyundai is that they "announce" the manufacturing of batteries into Canada, like that is going to help the price to go down, compared to what an average factory worker in China makes?  Now for those who consider buying an EV for environmental / moral reasons, consider the effect on the environment, i.e. the side effect on our planet due to the mining industry alone (not including environmental aspect involved with the actual manufacturing of all the parts involved).  To manufacture each EV battery, you must process 25,000 pounds of brine for the lithium 30,000 pounds of ore for the cobalt 5,000 pounds of ore for the nickel, 25,000 pounds of ore for copper Digging up 500,000 pounds of the earth's crust  All this for just  one  battery.
I WAS PLANNING TO BUY THAT SAME MODEL HYUNDAI. I WONT BUY ONE. SHAME ON HYUNDAI!
How are people going to be able to afford EV? Its crazy.
Lets face it, we jumped the gun on EV's. The batteries arent truly good enough yet.
Kyle, I suggest you look into getting a Tesla.
This sounds like a scam by the dealership. What is this whole scaring him that he's liable for any damage that his car causes? That's always true. What about replacing with a refurbished battery? A Tesla battery replacement costs 20k, and can be done for much cheaper by various shops. If the price for a Hyundai battery is 60k, Hyundai is out.
I'd say: We know one of the things which dictates how lithium batteries can last Much longer is by keeping them between 20% & 80% charged.  Yet in Spite of this our evil Corps design many of our products withOUT the option for the user to set the charging to Automatically Stop at 80%. AND No real attempt to Notify/Recommend the owner avoid discharging past 20% before recharging. Does my expensive iPhone have such setting? NO. Do I have time to manually baby sit my phone while charging and unplug when at 80%? No.  The Corporations want us to work your lives away, buried in paying for planned obsolescence.  Take care
This is a BS story since his insurance should have covered all damages. Also, a $60,000 battery is the cost today but in 10-15 years, the battery would be much cheaper due to technology. This is a isolated incident and the car was written off anyways. This is a scare story to keep you from buying an electric car and is overly dramatic.
Stop buying BS..  let em sit on the lot ..like during first co vid.......and watch the prices drop.. ASAP
The thing is, when you buy a new car you always go to the service department and ask them about how much it costs for specific model related repairs that are unique. How much and what is involved with totally replacing the info screen if it fails and the labor and if it involves removing an entire dashboard which it does on some models. With eco-friendly cars the main thing is how much is the battery. If I heard 15 to 60,000 I would have walked away. The 2017/2018 models of this car to replace the battery is 15 grand which was half the price of what the car is worth
In short don’t buy that crap.. U save more money in ten years just doing up keep on an old fashion car that take gas..
Gone throw a an engine in it..
This whole battery thing is a setup to drain us.. We just can’t win as consumers
Well that’s like when they ship packages and if the level on the package a spills it voids the warranty and in equipment also if the tamper tape is removed it voids the warranty unfortunately this is a no win situation because the cover is damage they are using that to cover them selves which should not be allowed.. smh
Electric cars are like disposable lighters.. You have to be a total nut bag to buy an electric car....these things are JUNK. Expensive to buy and insure and these things depreciate like a bat out of hell. Hertz is selling off relatively new/low mileage Tesla's at 21,595.00 - AND THE LOT HAS SEVERAL.
EV s ugh
How can it cost anything if its within  garantie... its bull***
There's a BIG issue on manufacturer NOT giving residual price on the ''broken'' parts. FOR SURE, Hyundai will reuse parts that are good(in that case, 99.99999%) for future warranty claim on battery, remanufacture it, etc.  Right to repair is lacking in the EV, with parts being unavailable, garage working on EV are not as popular, software locks, etc.
Only in Canada - Where criminal extortion is perfectly legal and the norm
Standardization of batteries in whole or components would mitigate some of the cost.
The cover is not to protect the battery from direct strikes but to protect from regular road debris like stones. It’s not an armour plate.
Thanks for doing this video!! absolutely right, it is a larger issue that the industry needs to resolve
After this, who is going to buy an EV from Hyundai or other manufacturers new, or especially used, when you know that battery replacement is going to cost you $60K? I would not even think about it
When buying any used EV ...price out a replacement battery before buying ...than make a decision what a future cost might be, when a battery has to be replaced.
Wow, there is no way that could be justified, buying another EV that is....
Poor kid drank the kool aid they served him at college on how the only way to save the planet from humans is to drive an EV ..that was his first mistake
Madness
Bidenomics
After watching this informative video and these kinds of costs and policies from the large manufacturers seemingly commonplace, I can't see myself purchasing an EV anytime soon until these kinds of issues outlined by the article are well and truly sorted. As they indicate in the video, with these kinds of issues to deal with in some cases, the real resale value of EV's in a couple of years is still difficult to assess and may in fact be very low. The consumer deserves to be looked after much better by the big manufacturers that arguably could afford to do so.
Forget it ev crap
If you look at the invoice though, the list price is for $6649.98 for the battery. But when you look at the amount column, they added a 5 to the number. So I think it's a clerical error.
I think people need to consider that cost of owning an EV isn't worth it- if one it's trying to save on a gas bill.
My advice is don't buy one at all. Put your money into a nice low mileage older vehicle.
I wouldn't buy any of this expensive junk in the first place. I want a car not an expensive ipad on wheels. I will keep my petrol car thank you very much.
This is nothing but CYA on the part of everyone. These stupid batteries are made of pouch cells, you can buy them retail all day long for $100/kw. Getting them from Hundai (or any other brand) runs the price to 60 k to force people to buy new cars instead of repair. This guy just got caught in the trap. Personally, going to a dealer for inspection is just begging for trouble.
Definitely not buying any model EV until battery is standardized across the industry, cost is certain;  If you buy an EV now you are basically same as leasing a vehicle except for a longer duration; no resale value after 6 years; who wants to get stuck with a used EV and having to deal with replacing a battery, nevermind  the hazard of a damaged EV by accident or just by over time decay.
And in the States Biden is pushing to force citizens to buy EV's, I will not buy one, but if you want one, then good for you, it should be a choice not forced.
Electric cars are a scam, they are worthless second hand.
Never trust stealerships..get second opinions or info..
I got my new Kona ev two months ago. I asked the dealership about the battery replacement cost before signing and the answer that I got was very evasive. Initially I tough they were awfully under informed as they couldn’t answer several of my other questions but now I understand that they deliberately avoid to answer me. Shame on me for not insisting I guess.
It's a Hyundai, it's practically a disposable car 😂 a good reason to never buy Korean cars. Get a Tesla or a Japanese car.
$60 K Canadian? Isn't that about $500 USD? Just kidding. What I really want to say is cuz Hyundai. Notorious for making sub-standard cars and denying warranty claims on the flimsiest of excuses. Just ask any Hyundai owner that has needed an engine replacement. Many were covered, many were not.  If I were those people, I would go to another dealer and get a second opinion. But then, they would not be making money off of YouTube clicks.
This would not be a problem if this were a Tesla.  First of all Tesla battery covers are made of titanium to provide exceptional battery protection.  Second,  Tesla warranty service is  considered part of manufacturing - they want to know real life operation - and would test the battery if it was damaged.  Conventional dealers want to blame you for warranty work,  too quick to write off the battery.   Third -  Hyundai do not make the batteries - they are made by someone else (LG Chem), and therefore do not know how to test or repair it, rather than a complete replacement.  Tesla have been manufacturing EV's for almost 10 years now, so they know what they are doing.
Hard to believe the dealer was not named in this episode.  They are the one’s making this squeeze.  Follow the money.
Kyle,my friend,I 'm really trying my best to feel sorry for you because the whole story is incredible but you really need to be able to realize that once you steered away from ICE you basically took your underwear off and you banded over.
You guys did an amazing job reporting this guys. Thanks for sharing this story. I’m a big fan of you guys channel. Cheers.
I'm starting to get worried about where all this insanity is heading. Time to slow this EV craziness down. We're not ready.
Dictatorship policies and the ever increasing Trudeau tax is forcing us to buy EV's in the future,   instead of gloating about how great Hyundai vehicles are on each test drive , more people need to know the pitfalls of owning EV's.    We will all pay for this dearly when forced to buy EV's by 2035.  People need to stand up for their rights in this Country and oppose dictatorship legislation that may be on the wrong side of history.
This response from Hyundai is a lie. I used to have respect for these Korean manufacturers. We EV owners put much faith in the corporation to protect us from possible outrageous expenses to replace some of the parts. We put faith in KIA and HYUNDAI. They do not care!!! I have to replace a $2700 part that KIA knew was faulty. What did they do about that part years ago when they found it was faulty? They changed the part number!!! Why should anyone expect them to help customers??? Why should we EV owners not warn the general public? I have a car that is useless. Even if I had the money to throw away, the part had been back-ordered for months.
EV buyers remind me of Covid vax takers. Morons
Glad I have a 2000 bmw 540i and have no payments on it AND it still runs smoothly. A lot of people want to buy new cars to impress when all you need is to go to point A to point B. These electric cars are so out of their heads they are actually taking advantage of consumers by 250%
only buy EV when if you are rich.
So 60k, because other aspects were damaged, which means it is NOT 60k for just a batter replacement, the wording is click bait. Car batteries are dependent on power, etc. Smallest evs batteries can be replaced for 3k. The batteries are dropping in price every year.A battery that is 3k today, will likely be 1k or less, by the time it was needed, as EVERY ev comes with a mandatory 100k, or 8 year warranty, by law.
I see nothing wrong here. The way it's meant to be driven! Just buy it! It just works! 11:32 Pay at least double for your next car insurance and get tagged as a bad driver for the next 10 years to life, have your perfectly good vehicle be impounded and removed from circulation because it has a scratch on its bottom PROTECTION SHIELD? FTW! Long live the People's Totalitarian Colony of Canada! God save the future queen!
There is no doubt that an impact on a lithium battery possesses a high risk of an explosion at any time, and dealers won't take that risk... but man, that price for a replacement is a total abuse
Solution is quite simple. DO NOT BUY EVs. Replacing a motor on a Toyota Corolla costs $5K at max.
This was a very informative video. Thank you.
is it possible the battery could possibly damaged....? that's probably the reason for the spontaneously burning electric cars...? and the technology is so new that supply chains are not established...?
First, the entire EV car market is a complete SCAM! Second, the wider hole is a SCAM. Third, liberalism is a SCAM. Last, being a Democrat is Satanic and a SCAM! Grow up people and use that brain God gave you all!
At time point 2:50 in this video, the closeup of the invoice says the battery part number is 37501-GI351, the LIST price is "6649.97", and the NET price is "6649.98". Then, in the last column, it says the AMOUNT is "56,649.99". How did we get from $6,649.98 to $56,649.98?
A hole in the battery cover widened?  Has anyone compared the hole with another IONIQ, to see if there's any difference?  HE'S GETTING SCAMMED BY THE DEALER.
"We're gonna need a bigger subsidy."  -- Roy Scheider.
Hyundai dealership is one of the worst dealerships I have ever dealt with! I am very disappointed with the services I have received so far!
People are missing the point, the battery doesn't cost anywhere near that much, it only priced like that to create a disposable car. If they used a true price cost for the battery, people would then replace their car battery rather than scrap their car at 8-10 years.
No To repair a battery is OK but to buy a repaired battery is NOT OK Why? To repair a 20yo battery to the point it is just working is criminal. To repair a 1yo battery may or may not be criminal.  'What has to happen is the car manfuacture has to replace that battery with a all new battery and eat the damaged battery. Lets take Tesla they repair batteries and then under warranty install those repaired batteries to damaged cars. The warranty must be as good as the new car battery or the game is off the table. No EvCar company will not  do that and that is the problem.
Never buy an EV ladies and Gents
Welcome to the scam that is EVs. Just wait until they burst into flames from a rock hit or going through a puddle and getting a few drops of water on it. What a joke.
Is this government run insurance?  Canada is such a Marxist shit hole.
He deserves it for falling for the electric car scam.  Don't be stupid like Kyle.
Just pay the bill and dont complain. If you dont have money to maintain something, don't buy it.
Batteries only last about 10 years. By the time you pay it off you might as well toss it. At least with a car that runs on fuel, you will have some equity in it after you pay it off. I won't by one.
Hmmm, I don’t think that I will buy an EV or a hybrid anytime soon.  If I were to purchase a new car it would be ICE before sales are halted.  Think about it, a well used vehicle has the slight possibility of replacing an engine while it is 10-20 years old,  you are nearly certain to need a replacement battery on your 20 year old EV at several times the cost of a new engine.  Irresponsible gouging by OEM’s will destroy their new industry as they scare off potential clients.  Hyundai’s answer was weak offering no actual solution, poor politics at best.
Is it possible that if this guy had his battery replaced, the body works shop will just replaced the battery cover and make it look that they replaced the battery too?
Basically, never buy electric Hyundai
Battery has 10 years guaranteed 😂😂😂😂😂
The fact they don't protect the battery, which costs that much and is that fragile,  just blows my mind.  They should shield it better!!
Utter con job
quality car i am buying 100
The negative press over this will cost more than 60k in any currency,
Buy nio
😢
The battery is the car. EVs are a stupid grift for stupid people.
I put a comment to support you
No matter what, I and my family definitely never buy Hyundai/Kia vehicle.
Thank god I came across this video. I dodged a fuckin nuclear warhead
I've been dealing with dealerships and insurance carriers for over 50 years.  It's refreshing to know that they're still scum bags (lol).  He's lucky he doesn't live in California; his policy would have been cancelled.  The insurance industry is not sustainable in Cali and it's just a matter of time before it happens to our neighbors to the north.
Must be a moron to buy an EV. They are just crap...what  do you think you will get on a trade in in 3 years time??😂😂
Guess what this will do as far as resale value of these EV Hyundai. Ionic 5 shit boxes. How can the battery be more expensive that the car was brand new. Sounds like a bit of price gouging going on here. It surely would put you off buying an EV. Talk about these stupid manufacturers shooting themselves in the foot. Does EV stand for extreme violation. Of your bank balance
I will never purchase an Ionic  ...thanks for the report.
So there's nothing wrong with the car. Sounds like a bunch of scammers.
One, never buy an ev , Two, get out of Canada
SCVs= Spontaneously Combustion Vehicles, ECVs= Externally combustion vehicles. ICEs= Internal (contained/controlled internal combustion Engines)
Loving my 2006 Altima more every day ❤
We purchased a CRV Hybrid Sport Touring and when we heard how much it costs to insure it I asked why. She said it's expensive to repair a hybrid because of the battery. Now all this has me thinking I should dump the CRV and just go 100% ICE to lower our insurance costs and also to prevent something like this from happening. Sad. Thank you for this very valuable information.
just dont buy hyundai
This is crazy nooooooo. I am mot convinced about an eV. I love the idea  but just as a wet dream.               Once the factories start taking responsibility I will move forward with an EV
Go woke go broke.  As simple as that
What about the typo which changes the price from $5,000 to $55,000? No one else can see this? Seriously?
Bullshit
Bullshit
I’ve already called bullshit on this. There’s just an extra five in front of the quote, A TYPO, get your story straight, typical so called journalists. You have no idea.
EV not worth it
Interesting... another reason to avoid Hyundai\KIA.  Makes battery replacement on Tesla look cheap.
After watching this video I will stay away from Hyundai 😢
Bring back the 1970 ford mark 1 Cortina
Solution option, charge a waste tax to insurers and companies when writing off cars. The higher the value the higher the tax. That way shit like this doesn’t get handled like it was peanuts.
The cost of batteries for EVs serve as evidence or incentive to make ev cars battery swappable. Do not buy an ev that is not battery swappable.
Either Hyundai is giving these away or the mark up on a replacement battery is borderline criminal!
As an engineer familiar with lithium-ion batteries and the associated risks of fires and explosions, I have a problem with this story that goes beyond the insane $60,000 battery replacement cost. It should be illegal to sell a car whose battery cover is no more than a beauty cover, which cannot effectively withstand the impact of a rock, a piece of loose asphalt or other debris on the road - these are inevitable events that occur in everyday driving. We have developed strict standards and tests for front and rear bumpers, for example, to ensure that these limit damage in an accident, which is not an everyday occurrence. We need to do the same for lithium-ion battery covers, relative to everyday occurrences.
So much for being environmentally friendly
This is horrible reporting! They did not get the reality of what it really cost. They got a quote for a new car. Quick search on line it is more around $20,000. Yes insurance is going to total it.   Most cars get totaled since they got rid of 5 mph bumpers. That are trying to create fear, uncertainty and doubt (FUD). Or they are bubble heads that are stupider than they think. Every car has some expensive parts, the higher the car cost, the parts cost more. Newer   F-150 get moisture in a tail light and make a ground or feedback loop to the main controller $5000 for all the parts of one rear light.
This is ridiculous. From this story, it's evident that EVs are not worth the money we pay for.  This is more than reason why I will not be getting on the EV bandwagon.
I also had a bad experience   kia/hyundai ! Mostly because of very very and I mean very bad customer service started with the dealership and up to the headquarters! I have hired a lawyer end my car became a lemon!! I have 5 cars and will never buy any kia/hyundai products or any electric car again.
Moral of the story Def don’t buy a Hyundai EV!
never buy an ev and never hyundai
Hybrid cars are the future , the EV s are a problem in the making going forward.
i have zero confidence to own a e-car.  Let just say I can't afford the battery
People are so so stupid to buy these things... Absolutely garbage
only in Canada
The bottom line is when you buy an EV you're buying a giant battery with a toy car built around it.
Kyle should have gotten a second opinion. At this point, pocket the money from the insurance. Buy back your totalled car for $500 and keep driving it.
Nope.
So this is really a stealership scam. The protection plate on the bottom protected the battery, but the dealership wanted to make max profits, so they lied. (as usual) This means this video is basically click-bait for EV haters. 2 million hits? $5000 in income for Motormouth - Brilliant.
Great info! I would never, ever, ever buy any Hyundai. Garbage manufacturer
thats because you chose an EV that doesnt specialise in batteries, maybe get a tesla or byd and you wont complain so much
10 k  or less to replace the batt,  no more,   any more is a Rip off.        and total the hole car ?    that is just stupid.   I understand the safety aspect,   But these policies seem to be unfairly biased toward EVs.                                        Maybe some fair trading act people need to investigate this.
What!  Good gosh.
If you're still into electric vehicles, sense has not caught up to you yet these electric vehicles do not charge well or at all in the cold weather there's no real infrastructure for these electric vehicles you damaged the battery The vehicle's going to catch on fire it cost more to replace the battery than the car is worth there is no resale value for these vehicles One is reality going to hit you in the head and realize these vehicles are pointless
Sadly soon all combustion cars and trucks including classics will be banned from public streets in entire EU and Scandinavia  :-(  In Germany the Green Peoples Party gave order to shorten fuel supply from 2025  on by reducing all conventional fuel stations to only one state operated central gas station per city or county. Car washs will be forbidden too because they are climate killers, now they want to slow down all the gas station pumps from 20 litre per minute to 2 litre per minute...From 2027 on in the EU certain car spare parts will be banned too....as exhaust systems, turbo chargers and even some engine and gearbox oils...California and New York will do the same from 2027 on.... So no investments should be done in oil burning cars any longer....They even created a new kind of crime here, called emissions and smoke crime.!!! (BABVVEN & TEBBVEN & BEFVO laws)!!!!!
One of the reasons why I love my combustion engine so much... 👍
Biggest scam in human history
i dont understand how people could not see this coming?! so far batteries are the weak part in any appliance that needs them, their degradation over time is well known. also, as EV batteries are made as a single large pack by many car manufacturers means it is an all or nothing situation as you cannot replace just a small part of it when damaged and resale value takes a big hit in the long run. without better/smarter battery technology, EV's are simply not worth it!
Lease your EV and when you settle up end of lease… bring your own Vasoline to avoid undue discomfort! Thank you and don’t forget to tip your server!
Hyundai you Can keep pour cells on wheels lol
The Hyundai Ioniq 5 takes our Best Electric Vehicle award for the second year in a row because it continues to hit a near-ideal balance of attributes — even against newer competitors. It offers a roomy, versatile cabin within relatively tidy exterior dimensions; avant-garde styling that doesn’t neglect everyday practicality; and a simple, easy-to-use control layout that still packs in lots of useful technology features
EV's are a complete scam, and I've never bought into them and I never will.   Good on you both for sharing this story.
Wow, that means that you should not drive an electric car. The potholes in the United States will be replacing them all.
Thats a junkyard battery.   Somebody put that battery in that vehicle, before they sold it to him.   And my 25 year expertise in analyzing collision damage tells me... Holes don't open up, when you impact them. They close.  Somebody out there at the dealership committing fraud.
No way would I buy a Hyundai after this video.
bye bye ev 😅
Had enough hassle yet?  EVs...wonderful in concept, unreliable and anything but durable in practice.  ⚡️
Battery for EV $60,000, saving the planet priceless
Hahahahahaha ... EV or BUST !!!  Idiots ...
In the UK, our insurance premiums have doubled or worse... When you realise how even small accidents in electric cars, can cause massive battery issues. Every second hand electric car is worthless.
😂😂
I'll stay with my 2003 VW running on premium gasoline.  The plastic bottom cover cost about $250 to replace, LOL (caused by hitting some snow moguls on a back road).
What Hyundai is telling everyone is that they believe that what I said is true and they don't want it to be happening and in the process putting people off their company so you can see it yourself you have been robbed by people who claim to be honest and helping you get the very best but really don't give a shit about you it's sickening to think this is still happening it was happening in the 70 and 80 and 90 and it's going to be happening until people put a stop to this look at Tesla and I don't think it's happening to them because they sell them all theirselves and have no middleman the line is pockets and scum honest hard-working customers
If you find out that something like this has happened I would call the police and press charges and get your day in court
Someone has a fix going on here with this it's a scam let's look at the scam at work here and I have had a conversation with someone who is a mechanic for one of the big companies that building EVs and sell them in the UK. I can't give any names as I don't know if it is true and I wouldn't say it is but I was told that some people are assassin cars and having them written off because they have had undercarriage damage and they are claiming the back there has to be replaced and after everything has been finished and it's time to send it to the auctions as a salvage vehicle it's already sold and it's only a matter of paying it off and they are getting a year old EV of under 10.000 pound and after that it's passed on to a company to sell for a 15.000 pound profit I'm sure that everyone understands what is happening with it and how it works. Have you still got the chassis numbers and registration for this vehicle Kyle if you would be so kind as to run a search through Carfax or anyone else to see just where that vehicle is at this moment in time and I'll be honest with you and say that I bet you are not going to be happy with what you find out about what has happened to you because you have been scammed and I don't think people have any idea about it
this is cosidered a SCAM
the best , easiest and most cost effect way to move an electric car is on a flat bed trailer hauled by a chevy 6.6 duramax diesel truck
Guess we're going to see a bunch of lift kits on EVs if a small hit on the bottom totals the car.
My issue with the VW ID3 is that they dictates the battery recall saying it is free of charge, then emailed me that they are going to charge me £87, they would not release my car until I paid.
So does this mean they sell these evs at a loss or is the markup on the batteries just really high? The labour and fees seems reasonable enough.
Electric vehicals are for people with more money than brains.
Lemme get out my tiny violin.  You are the one daft enough to have purchased one.  Though we SCREAMED not too.  EVs and the climate hoax became political and yall closed off.
Makes you wonder what the original battery cost and why the replacement is so expensive
I think I'll just stick with gasoline internal combustion engine cars, and be happy 😊
Could all this stupidity be due to our tort system?
This is insane, hire lawyer and Sue Hyundai dealer! I sued Infinity dealer and they gave me a new car.
What the hell are young people of the future going to do when they need to buy a cheap used car and all the cars available are old EV's that need new batteries for 10K+, we're all fucked if we go this route.
Almost 2 million potential buyers will now consider whether it is worth buying a Hyundai.
My 2019 Hyundai Kona EV was part of a battery recall where they replaced the entire battery.  How could Hyundai afford to replace all those batteries if the part and labor is $60K? At the time I tried to get Hyundai to just give me a new lease for a newer Kona EV.  I even got an advocate through Hyundai. I was trying to get a new 2021.  I said to them just cancel the lease, take the car, and give me a new lease for a 2021 at the same price.  They didn't want to do it.  "Only if the car qualified under the NY State Lemon law, can we do that".  Seems so stupid now.  They replaced the battery that year through the recall free of charge.
In the UK with all the potholes on major and minor roads, owning an EVO or Hybrid is a RISK TO FAR.  My car often grounds on these roads.
As Hyundai own KIA, it is likely that a simial problem may exist with them!
This is like my GE refrigerator Doors need to be replaced at a cost twice the cost of brand brand-new GE refrigerator
anyway they try and word it, it is outrageous the battery replacement cost more than the car!
You can drive a Toyota Camry or Honda accord to 260,000 miles plus easily than you can replace the entire engine for under 2-3k. In short Evs suck.
Saving the planet throwing away brand new cars every time they get scratched. Clown world.
Ev cars will no longer be made in five years. Absolute joke .
My car's needed two new batteries...Cost me $300 😂  Can swap them out in 5 minutes. ICE for life. 👌
😆😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂🙃😁
"Save the earth" while politicians fly around in their private jets.
The money people are paying for cars today is pure absurdity to start with.
L U D I C R O U S
What’s the advice? Sell it for pennies and buy a 2007 Corolla
Lmao sounds like bs. How is the protective cover not a protective cover? It looks like,  I didn't know  that was a measurement. Sad
scam
another big scam !
Electric Vehicles ⚡️ 🚘 🔋 are just for fools riches.
And the cold the performance drop significantly. Wait a few years and people gotta start replacing batteries. We’re not there with the technology yet.
if this damaged the battery then I wonder what this protection is there at all for, it is enough to drive over a small stone on the road to probably damage the battery
So guy runs over something and his car gets totaled?
Best thing to do is stick to combustion engines because ev will always have it's drawback remember batteries will always Be expensive and listening to this it's no excuses for all this they are quick to take your money then when this happens I feel sorry for Kyle is insurance going up to expensive what a joke this is I am from UK England I only drive petrol not ev so l prefer engines.. and  Remember EV cars devalues very quickly Nice video but sad at the same time.. the warranty is something you need to check out or ask a lot of questions EV is not cheap at all.. what's new...
This is the reason why I will never buy a EV Car
Why didnt they replace the scrached cover since its just a "protective cover".
He still likes the idea of an EV....lol!! He is an idiot, he just wants to feel great, lol!!
Its an unfortunate cautionary tale worth looking at. For EVs you need to look at the lifetime of the product.  Tesla has had battery replacements for 20k since 2 years ago. They have solved the problem Hyundai couldn't solve.  The problem with EVs is most companies are not vertically integrated. Critical parts are outsourced and not internally manufactured. Tesla makes batteries from the ground up. They secured contracts with mines in Indonesia Australia long ago already.
Evs are a scam. Glad I got rid of that trash.
Yes people are just becoming aware of how much an EV can cost them.
Certainly not an electric car whereas the Artic cold in the Midwest exposed the severe vulnerability of  the vehicles to hold a charge or even accept a partial charge. That whole scenario is total BS!! Legal action should be sought.
In the end this will just be a scam for electric cars, a battery that cost more than the car I see a future where electric cars will be few and hydrogen cars will be the future but EV cars are going to consume more power and worse yet it gives the government an excuse to raise electric rates
Don't care
Proof that the ev ideal is nothing but a ripoff!
EVs are a scam… the battery cannot be 60k when the whole car is 55k. Lmao…
*NEVER trust a Korean brand. Don’t ask me how I found out…*
People who fall for the government rebate. Lol. You have to make alot of money. Meaning each year you pay the irs back at least 7500 to get it. If uou pay back 1000$. You dont get all that 7500. But only 1000$ to cover the cost. You dont pocket the money.
Hyundai has stepped up their design but over all quality still sucks. Motor Blown in Sonata @ 107k miles. repair quote from dealership was 12k. Ill never buy a Hyundai again.
Don't buy shitty cars, from cheap auto OEM's.
Best advice go tesla
Holy moly guacamole
The moment he walked into the dealership they knew they could take him for a ride and did just that. There was absolutely nothing wrong with the car and all the stuff about being liable for whatever was complete nonsense. That car was likely immediately shoved onto another lot and sold to some chump for above MSRP. It's time to let auto manufacturers sell directly to consumers and completely bypass dealerships. Dealerships add nothing but expense to the equation, their historical reason for being around no longer exists.
seems that independent dealers try to screw you over as much as possible.
I've seen nightmare situations about the batteries for these cars. I will not be sucked into buying one of these nightmares!!
GAS CAR ALL DAY😂😂😂😂😂
Teslas battery replacement cost is also ridiculous if you are out of warranty.
EV are NOT the way forward?? It's basically over before it begun - If people can't RELY on their vehicle in an emergency - because the weather is BAD??  REALLY?? I'll stick with a GAS car for as long as I can thanks - Rather just make cleaner ICE engines?? and everything stay fine and dandy?
Ooooft 61k to replace a battery that's pretty much a brand new car. Electric cars are over price and not enough infrastructure to charge especially for those people that lives in apartments 🤷🏽‍♂️
Junk it
Fuck  the electronic cars
Rip off
Based on this…DON’T EVER BUY AN ALL ELECTRIC VEHICLE. This is such a shame for the whole industry.
This video should be played in all 150 million homes in this country
Everyone should see this video.
The problem is how unstable these batteries are. Any damage or even temp changes can cause thermal runaway.
I'm going to run Petrol or Diesel until the last litre of petroleum on earth!
do not buy any Korean car！I really believe Tesla is much more reliable.
After this only madman could. Buy Hyundai or Kia...
A fair price for the battery is to simply not buy an EV. People who buy EVs are considered early adopters, in my book. You want to live on the cutting edge, then that's what you get.
He should buy a brand new MG4 instead.
Look at Ñew York City.  How many electric Cars . Almost none why? Traffic with an EV dead in driving lanes. Then what? Charging stations all plugged full of EV cars . New York City will not have EV cars . They have lots of EV bikes I have one awesome bike. Two motors can run as fast as a car in the City. I get 80 miles on a battery charge.
My dad had a Hyundai Sonata. Hyundai has some of the worst customer service and there was always something wrong with the car. Hyundai doesn’t know how to make a good car unfortunately
This is the problem with the batteries - even if you take the protection cover off you may not be able to identify battery issues well. The reality is that with EVs any accident could damage the batteries to the point of needed complete replacement to remain safe and this is an inherent issue in an EV vs an ICE car.
A throwaway EV car... now I've seen everything. THIS is the main reason why the EV industry will kill itself by suicide. Is it an engineered outcome? Possibly. Greed overpowering common sense. Dealers are bigger thieves than they have ever been.
Here in New York where I live if you don't see anybody ever buying a Hyundai in the last 20 years it's probably the least selling car so I don't know by anybody would buy a 60 dollar Hyundai...😂😂😂
First of all the real thing here is if something like a battery would cost that much for a replacement it wouldn't even be worth buying the car okay and there is something defected in that and the cost of that battery is a rip off, basically extortion... God forbid anything else to go wrong..😮😮😮
Buy a car that has a battery and could explode 50k for replacement not for me to many issues 😊
The battery ALWAYS COSTS MORE than the device itself!  Have you ever tried to buy a new battery for your cell phone? Or your cordless phone? Or your cordless power tools? It's ALWAYS CHEAPER to buy a new tool, or phone than it is to buy a new battery for the old one!
The answer is NIO BAAS!   NIO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR BATTERY!  DO YOUR CONSUMER RESEARCH AND DONT BE IGNORANT
The answer is NIO CARS!  DONT BE IGNORANT....  DO YOUR RESEARCH!   NIO BAAS!!!!
Government's within western countries forcing electric vehicles upon the people by using the "going green " for the future are only doing so for financial purposes. The process in making ev batteries is horrific in comparison to fossil fuel depletion of natural resources. Countries like China, Russia, Middle Eastern countries are not pushing this green campaign and they are the largest contributors in polluting the earth.
Be careful buying EVs, folks. They just arent ready to mass adoption yet.  For lots of reasons they arent even close
Have you all lost your mind. What good is this car for anyone. An the cost are absurd
Just another reason NOT to buy an EV. In the US it’s so cold, public chargers do not work, EV lose their charge from 80% to near 20% in half a day, and catch fire in the Garage. Yikes, great reporting
Hyundai and their whole dealership network in Switzerland & Germany are the masters of deceit and harassment
I am not surprised. To be as mild as possible, Hyundai is by far the most dishonest company I have  ever experienced. The company sucks and the dealers in Europe run a mafia operation
This kid was scammed
People don't buy this EV craps!
smarten up people. these cars are expensive lemons that double as a frozen bricks and fire starters. not to mention the costs to replace the batteries. and he gets punished by the insurance company. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 clown world.
EV's are a lie. The lithium ion battery mining  hurts the environment more than you think. Cost effectiveness of replacing them and disposing of the batteries are too costly. Plus heat and cold can affect battery life. Buying an EV is not and will never be cost effective unless an alternative to lithium ion can be made.
The whole battery car push is such a scam , that and this climate change scam that has no proof of taking place .
It’s just going to make insuring an EV unaffordable.  I stick with my gasser.
Some how I find this a little hard to believe.
Stupid people pay stupid prices 😂 Go buy new electric crap!
bullsh1t... if the battery costs 60thousand, the car 55 thousand, where is the profit on the car??? Are they going bankrupt? holy shoot... luckily there is a manufacturer who rents the battery... :D :D
His dealer is a scammer.  There is no chance they can determine the battery needs to be replaced without actually looking at it and legally should have no ability to void the warranty if they don't even check.  Most buy them on virtue and ignorance as they have no clue about how little EV's actually help the environment. lol  Yes they need to change their policies but people deserve insane repair costs as a penalty for their imaginary virtue signal by buying an EV in the first place.  People need to wake up and simply walk away from EV's period.
Some shops sell  AA batteries  just work  out how  meany you need .. pack  of 10AA is £2.50  Do the maths 🤔 😂😂😂
does the car work or not?
well... at least its 60k of Canadian $ :) btw lets not pretend that this was ever a secret, I mean price of the battery. 60k is a bit too much ofc, but battery it basically half of the car price. So buying such car owner should be prepared. Also its time to force insurance companies to include battery when you buy a good insurance, if they dont give it... go to someone else. There is also a matter of "early adopters" EVs are still pretty new, battery tech is far from ideal for such huge batteries, so... dont rush if you dont have money.
But remember, this is all “conspiracy theories” created by climate change deniers, right?
EV's really do suck just be thankful that it didn't catch fire.
If you get curb rash, better write the car off. MADNESS
There is no way a battery can cost $60k, this is a con, and I’d argue the cars aren’t fit for purpose. Some needs to ask for an itemised invoice on that 60k and how that is derived at. It’s not materials and I don’t know of any factory worker on the front line in China or India earning 100k a year.
Wanted to buy an EV before... But not anymore!
can you all not see this.. first  Kyle should not have brought a car to dealership if there was no problem riding it..  second, its perfectly clear what dealership is up to.  Very simple. they are gonna take the car. ICBC is gonna pay Kyle. Insurance will go up. dealership is gonna repair battery protector, and sell it again for $50,000. Very simple. I already see what dealership is up to.
EVs are just as bad for the environment due to the mining steps for the minerals. They are not reliable, take kong to charge and repairs are insane.   But we will push the narrative these are "good" and only these cars will be available in Canada by 2030.   Slow clap.
battery
EVs are simply not ready. Not safe. Not a sensible purchase. Freeze up in winter, charging stations slow down  at the same time. See the video of a recent freeze up in  USA. Then there is the very real possibility of an accident casing the EV batters to catch fire. Terrifying to watch.
What I deduce from this is news alert simple! DON’T BUY HYUNDAI VEHICLE!!! In the United States Hyundai faced a Class Action lawsuit! (Search: “Kia Boys.”)Hyundai has been on the decline due badly made cars!
It takes a mindless person to buy an electric car anyway.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 But you don't have to pay for fuels 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why on Earth buy an electric car now? They are still in the development stage, with customer being the guinea pigs. Oh, what about a charging network that works 100% of the time?
I won’t buy a EV. Batteries last only 8 years 🤬.
hey US and Canada, thats typical bhvr of huyndai.
A plastic cover got scratches on it and it's $60,000??? They never took the cover off and they're immediately saying it needs a battery?? This dude got totally played!! I bet that car was totally fine!
Its not like the battery cost $120 at O'Reilly's or you can easily install it yourself. The battery for EVs cost too much.
That's is a lemon car. Get a lawyer.
There folt for baying a ev non off them are any good ...
IST TIME BUYERS ADVICE ,,, JUST DONT DO IT
USED ICE ENGINE IS ONLY £1000  AND CAN LAST FOR OVER 100K ,  AS ENGINE IS THE MOST EXPENSIVE PART ON CAR ITS EQUIVALANT TO BATTERY PACK ON EV , A NEW BATTERY PACK WILL THE COST THE SAME AS SMALL APARTMENT
DAMM YOU CAN BUY A SMALL APARTMENT FOR THAT
EVs are scam
Buy a ev becomes a very expensive  brick
EV vehicles are a scam. In my opinion.
hyndai malkes good noodles yummo!!! kyle looks like he love a goood noodles....
Start getting used  to the idea of driving an older  gas civic .61,000 for a replacement battery is crazy.
Basically dealership said this is a disposable car and any small damage results of the consumer liable to get it fixed, we are not wanting to be liable for anything that happens to a "damaged battery" if it catches o fire.
Only an idiot would buy an ev
This wouldn't fly with me, at all. I'd be screaming my lungs out at their head office and if they weren't going to be reasonable about it, I'd just go straight to the press and blow it all out of proportion. I'd make them think about weighing between the amount they'd get from me VS the amount they'd lose in stock from all the bad press & the pain of going through investigation for selling me a car with a battery that's flimsily protected by a plate that turns the battery into practically a bomb from just some scratches.
All I needed to make my mind up to NEVER buy an EV is governments wanting to mandate them and all the obviously fault statements from wokies that they are good for the environment.
should have bought a Tesla
People are buying into electric vehicle's because of status!! Poor people or somewhat money people want to be distinguished from other low lifes they may think of!! So they go get the most recent high end car!! Which happens to be a electric car!!   Honestly speaking poor people dont like cars who are different in mechanics to there's and will hate on new battery charged cars bc its different but will still love there gas powered car
This is no secret, I've been telling EV clowns this for years!! Have fun replacing those batteries EV owners, especially since all batteries will need to be replaced eventually due to natural capacity depletion. Better start saving or morgage your house. I'll just go by my cheap parts in comparison for my ICE car. Don't worry, I'll catch up to your costs in about 200yrs.
$60,000 for a battery and $12,000 for a fully tuned V-8 🤔 not that hard of a decision if you ask me, but I enjoy cylinders over battery cells.
The technology is not mature and stable.  The lithium battery is extremely unreliable for an automotive use.  Imagine road projectile hit to battery, water damage to battery, pot hole damage to battery, collision etc. makes the battery an instant explosive. Gasoline cars have over 100 years of proven technology and field experience. The lithium battery technology is high risk due to difficult manufacturing process quality control needed.  One flaw and there is risk the battery will explode and burn down everything near it.  Good luck you EV early adopters.  You are the white mice for the technology.
Get a tesla
And anyone would wonder why people do not want this overpriced junk.
Looks like a dealer tried to pull a fast one and make some easy money on this and this blew up in their face.
Canadian insurance sound like a scam… 10 years wtf? He didn’t do anything wrong. How is he a bad driver if something was in the road?
nothing like seeing a service battery light then looking in the manual to see why that light comes on , Manual says see page 99 turn to page 99 and to my shock it has a condom & small packet of ky jelly taped to the page .
EVs aren't eco-friendly. Production process for the batteries is dirty from start to finish. Recycling these batteries is not widely done. The batteries contain caustic chemicals.  I'll stick with my ICE vehicle.
I just  don't  understand,  why people think getting  a electronic car  is the answer.  Because all the dealers do is fuck you on different ways
This is a scam plain and simple.  How can you sell a battery alone for more than the car itself.  It's a rip off.  Avoid buying Hyundai EV.  Even Tesla does not sell their batteries for more than the car.  Common sense.  And also there is nothing wrong with the battery.  It is just a cosmetic damage to the cover.  That is a total scam.
With gasless and oiless self running generators and solar, we wouldn't need a battery. Look up this proven and patented tech and then imagine using it in EVs, residences and everything else. We already have the tech needed to go far beyond our many limitations. We just have to get the corrupt and incompetent people out of our government and way!!! The more useful tech you find, the more infuriated you will become. Especially if you lost family and friends for no reason other than the government's greed and control issues!!
makes me have second thoughts about an EV
They never can be sure the battery is damaged or not. There is no way to see that. Only a small dent in one of the cells can cause a thermal runaway, making the car going up in flames. Opening the battery for inspection will not reveal small damages. A Tesla has 7000 cells. Only 1 damaged cell is enough to burn the car. They don't take that risk. When they do, and the car burns, the owner is going to say _"But they said it was ok!"._ So even the smallest accident renders an EV in a total loss. No garage wants to touch it, and everyone going to treat it like it's going to explode any moment.
i love my diesel
Just another reason not to buy a Hyundai. They are easily stolen due to a defect in the ignition and they obviously have garbage warranties.
If a car can be a write-off because of literal scratches under it, driving over a stick could do that. How is that acceptable for a vehicle?  And in ten years when the battery is depleted and no longer holds a charge, the whole thing is a write-off anyway.
Almost decided on the 2024 Santa Fe ,after this maybe Highlander is a better choice
Smells like bulshit to me.
Only stupid people buy Hyundai, Kia or Genesis. This brand has long history of making bad car , unreliable vehicle ,many security issue. Your guy should file bankruptcy and stop payment for this car ! and tell him never ever buy electric cars.
I was in the market for a new car and was considering the Ioniq 5. Well not anymore after seeing this video. Thank you guys for shining a light on this issue.
I wonder if Kyle hit a huge pot hole and car had its belly hit so hard that one of the tighly packed sections within casing may have been squished (even a bit), hence the dealer read some of the instructions and acted upon assuming now the battery is unstable. If battery is deemed unstable (like an ICE car with rotten fuel lines ,etc) they don't offer deep fixing of batteries in Canada and just replace it.
We need many many new electrical car service people and they should get well paid.
Stupid is, Stupid does!
So basically 0 resale value.
Battery packs should be replaceable by the users, IMO.
And its a "new " car still. How can this be feasible, when you have diesels that easily do 500000km's.
Thank yout  for your voice! I was about to buy the Hyundai Ioniq but now I have changed my mind...
Don't buy that EV Garbage. Problem solved.
Il stick to my Toyota Yaris thank you very much
Only idiots are buying ev.🤦🏻‍♂️
In the very beginning Elon Musk said that nuclear power plants were needed if we wanted electric cars. Might as well put a windmill on top of them now
So your insurance goes up & you never crashed
i know some of you love ev but for me i would not own one the cost of repair are way overprice then the fact i hear they have trouble keeping you warm in winter and cool in summer and they draw battery twice as much then the charging time compare to gas vehicle 10 mins or less to fill gas power vehicle and this bs these people saying if save the planet cars and truck are running cleaner than they ever had ev are going have to make major changes b4 i buy one for one thing they not think of the adv working person in mind cause unless you make a great living no way you could afford one let alone the cost of one
HOLD UP!! Why has no one said anything about why a battery costing more than the original battery that came with the car. That vehicle probably only cost 15 grand to make. So, how in the world you were able to sell this car to a consumer for close to 60 grand with the same exact battery in it? WTH. Man, take your butt to autotrader and get yourself a 2004 Acura RL. That's what I've been driving for 15 years. I can't kill this car.
I would surely hope this poor guy takes the money and purchases a Toyota hybrid vehicle instead.  Really sour deal and not at all fair to him about the hits on his insurance record for something totally out of his control.
Thank you for this video, it makes me more sure than ever that i'll never buy a stupid EV.
Hyundai and Kia are crap regardless, buy domestic
Buy the car and sell the battery
The battery still wouldn’t last the normal life of the car, so either way it makes no sense.
Cars like this are craps....your normal gasoline can run for 20 years with manageable repair bills...the same cannot be said for these cars.... trust me....these cars will be worthless in 5 years time...nobody wants to buy a time bomb.
If it ain’t a toyota or a honda it ain’t a car. Honda and toyota are the only companies at this moment that produce vehicles as fair and reliable as possible.  And yes, they are not trending etc at the moment. But it seems boring is your best and safest bet… ALWAYS.
I would never even consider Hyundai after seeing this.
Explode????  OMG!  I definitely will not be buying an Ionics EV
Well, I guess I won't be buying an Ionics EV
Maybe just drive the damned thing as- is if still operating ok
I'm glad I did not buy an electric car. People will regret it.
This is why EV's are garbage.
If its a Hyundai it’ll get stolen long before you need to replace the battery.
EV owner here, once you jumped on an EV train, it’s pretty much dictatorship only. 😢
Why buy any kind of Hyundai (EV or otherwise) if this is the kind of company you are dealing with?
Government forcing everyone to buy not ready for prime-time EV technology. Pathetic
This is what people get for beimg technically illiterate
wow, i remember you used to have a car segment on the news or global or something back when i was a kid.. good to see your still rolling. crazy blast from the past seeing you again
You are all being taken for a ride.
capitalism propaganda
I don’t get why hydrogen is getting left behind. What’s needed is better renewable energy sources to produce the hydrogen. If gov’s  truly wanted to save the planet then they’d strive for hydrogen and not lining pockets of lithium producers
All this talk about feelings is just helping the manufacturers
useless toy cars. will never caatch up. give it a few years and only hybrits will be the way
Hete is an equation that will change your life.... EV = SCAM
Thats a way to keep new cars on the road, rather than make a old long lasting car, they bang out this rubbish so new ones are needed every 5 years rather than 25 years.
I am not a supporter of EV's at all and will only buy an EV when someone can design one that will charge itself while you drive. How is this possible?  Sounds like a dealer and manufacturer SCAM.
Buy Chinese they coming 😅 and better than these rip off merchants
Ev, the future of cars, lol
For this price you can buy 3 Tesla (model 3) with 50k miles on the odometer and a battery pack warranty for 120k miles. Not 3 battery packs, but 3 entire cars. A Tesla battery pack is between 10 and 20k depending on Model and year. The S/X are 20k packs the 3 and Y are usually 14k.
and this is why EV Vehicles are a bad investment and do more harm than good.. not to mention the fact that in Extreme cold weather EV's are next to useless, not to mention the fact that the Earth Dose not produce enough lithium or copper to just make the EV batteries for enough EV cars for everyone to own. and that is just the batteries...
A battery in a combustion car is a couple of hundred dollars installed verses tens of thousands EV.  Never buying an EV.
You're in the wrong country. In Norway, maximum replacement price for a battery in this vehicle is $19,000. Something is strange here.
That's just stealership. Because of zhis story i will never buy a Hyundai.
Yep here it is the start to the agenda of the WEFonly the mega rich are going to be the only one to have cars period.  Us poor slave will not own nothing but be owned by the mega rich
And this is why EV's will never 100% replace Hybrids. Long live the manual.
The problem with batteries is that you CANNOT fix them like any other body panel on a car, they are absolutely not fixable, only replaceable because you treat them like AMMO cartridges, if damaged  the brass casings should never be straightened up, only thrown out. Replacing one or two battery packs is too risky if there is even minor battery compartment damage, the batteries may shift ever slightly and you go b00m💣💥
..genius brandon voters just now figuring out batteries for your ev is at least half the price, if not more than your actual car..  ..and it's a 2-3 year waiting list..  ..nothing to see here, move along, move along..
These cars are just like cell phone, they will need to  be replaced in 5 to 6 years tops. Dont expect 10 years out of an EV without replacing your battery.
I thought my bmw z4 battery replacement was bad lol….dealers are crooks
A lot of the our population are dumb. Some are stupid. You can not fix STUPID !!
Typical greedy dealership try 2 make some bucks.  I  still don't get is doesn't CNA have better business of bureau?
Great reason not to buy a EV.
My i10 gear box broke down with  in 5 year warranty period. but according to Hyundai it was my fault. Had to replace it on my own. Beware of this brand Hyundai.
an ioniq 5 costs double that price here...
This is beyond stupid.
I think the main issue here, above any mechanic, dealership and even the brand owner HQ, is the state. They shouldnt allow this and have rules against it, if they truly want it to be logical and environment friendly.
worse than the tesla warranty gettint void by rain lol..
I had a Volvo XC 90 with a well known funky leak we found out about AFTER purchasing, causing water to pool under the passenger seat where electrical is. Class Action didn't help me or get a mention in a local newspaper. I wish THAT got as much traction as THIS outrage. It used to be we'd ALL EMPATHIZED with fellow drivers dealing with a LEMON but NOW it seems we get divided on to teams depending upon whether or not you vote L or R. It's dumb. Musk got subsidies and he's a genius. People who took advantage of govt credits to buy an EV are sucks on the system and govts who fund charging stations are Communist/Marxist/Fascist. Hyundai will fix this, one hopes but WHAT are we going to do about people who need to drive & work to put food on their table, busily kicking each other in the nuts instead of holding ALL CAR MANUFACTURES TO ACCOUNT for selling us expensive vehicles - gas or EV and not replacing them or fixing? Take it down an notch. Your neighbor with and EV Leaf or a gas Range Rover isn't your damn enemy.
This is one reason why you shouldn't buy electric cars, imagine what it will do to the used market for electric cars, I'm still driving a 20 year old toyota petrol car, and its given me zero issues, now how long will a battery last in an electric car?
Classic example of GARBAGE quick customer care.
So no one's gonna mention the appearance of this woman? Why she looks like a bad AI?
Hey this looks like Windsor
60k for a minor scratch on the underbody. What the f? This repair would like cost 500 for an ice vehicle.   One of the craziest stories I ever heard.
Yet another failing of the leftists, EV's
Kyle needs to reach out to an independent garage, like Rich rebuilds... Perhaps he can help shed some light on the matter and show how unjustified Hyundai was!
This is a scam, I will never buy a Hyundai good marketing for them nice
I had a Hyundai Accent that ate its engine.  They would NOT honor the warranty because it had a Fram oil filter on it.  I had an oil change when I put new tires on it.
To me this sounds like a problem of the dealership and the insurance companies playing with legal/technical terms and definitions rather than the EV itself. Defects like this sometimes happen but the companies response is just bad. When I found problem with the AC system, 7 month after I bought my new car, my dealer's response was good. Sure AC cost is not as much as EV battery, but if I had to pay for that, I would also be upset.
There is no shortage of EV horror stories over the last fifteen years and yet everyone acts like this is news.  Then again, people are still buying timeshares, reverse mortgages, and oceanfront property, aren't they.
When a scratch writes off a vehicle....
Good, this help me feel better for not considering buying this brand.
Hyundai motor finance lost my title and took 2 years for me to get them to pay the penalty of transferring the title into my name late and this only happened because I got the DA involved
If the government encourage you to buy an EV, then you know that you should never buy an EV.
Don't buy a Hyundai
Well played Hyundai and KIA, never touching your cars again.
EV’s are NOT ice cars-stop driving them like a regular car. They are heavier and slightly more fragile.  Translation u drive over a pot hole u stand the risk of  damage. Slow down, pay attention, don’t drive on long trips.  Upgrade suspension
So buy a new car- problem solved
another reason to keep my gas car
Meanwhile my early 2000s diesel econobox still gets me 3.2l/100km while costing me damn near nothing in maintenance.
just get a tesla...other EVs still have to come a long way
“Any advice?”  Yeah… completely avoid EVs  And if you really really want one wait till they’ve been around longer. Like maybe in 2040
Insurance should cover replacement.
Lithium batteries include protective internal devices for overcharging, etc. They may appear to be undamaged and in perfect physical condition, but an impact or heavy jolt leaves them unusable. Distortion of the protective cover serves to indicate damage. Examining the battery while emotionally satisfying does not reveal anything that the dealer does not already know.
well... you just convinced me, screw the EVs. Battery is a big issue!
so sad that everyone out there is all for money! Plus how smart our government want us all Canadians to buy one by the year 2035. You have to be rich to live in Canada now eh! come on everything is going up and now a 60,000$ for a battery replacement!
Closer and closer to their 15 minute cities. Pushing us to unaffordable EVs, jacking insurance til unaffordable on nonsense claims...wake up everyone !
When are ev. Evangelists going to learn that they are being conned by politicians and eco terrorists
That bad, bad german cars are sooo expensive... 😂 Why ?
I've had many cars in my life so far, but Hyundai is something I'd never have touched on principle alone. Even though I was crazy enough to have 2 models of the same Mazda RX-8 PZ. 😂😂
The moral of the story is to get Tesla and be sure battery replacement would cost 15-17k. Even though you probably won't need it since their battery covers actually protect the battery not only from the water and dust.
Honey, I'm not thinking " Ohhh, yikes!" I'm thinking no frigging way.. not me
BUying a Hyundai............ what did you expect.....
Yeah dude needs to lawyer up. No way it is remotely fair for him to have the suffer the insurance premium consequences of getting a pay out for a write off.
this story is CRAZY! yet, real
Rich mans toy.
To bad that this post still makes the motormouth guy richer and richer with klick bait. The case is solved and the owner was not motormouth....  Everybody is advised to ask your Hyundai dealer yourself, the answer for total replacement is about 35-39k including labour. Compare that to the price if you need to replace the engine of a combustion car.
If the impact wasnt that bad then you should just keep using that car. The thing is the legal system will try to scare you into writing it off. Id assume that the car us completely fine and the worst situation is that the car might stop working one day.  But honestly the vehicle should go like normal.  My dad had his nissan leaf backed into fairly heavily and it ran for at least a couple of months. Electric vehicles are actually fairly strong. Its not like a gas car that just breaks.
Seems like all insurance investigators will check batteries first, then write it off even if it only needs a new headlamp, blame you, and then won't pay out!
More proof this country ain't ready for EVs lmaoo
Imagine owning an EV where the value is constantly degrading, and after 5 years and spending 60k on a brand new vehicle, its now worth 20k but still costs 60k to replace the battery? How it this good for the environment exactly? Lithium mines in africa are literally turning the area into a toxic wasteland that can never be inhabited or fixed. When the car is getting scrapped guess where its going? The landfill?? These vehicles are completely worthless. Hundreds of thousands of these EVs are sitting in lots never going to be sold. They're all going to be thrown into a toxic mass grave. "For the environment" my @ss, politicians pushing EVs dont give a single crap about the planet lol
I will never buy an EV, everybody i know isn't going to buy an EV.
Where are the people who keep bching about new engine cost. On gas cars. Why are you guys?
A few years ago, I was interested in purchasing a GM Volt, but at the time, there was a rash of thefts of hybrid batteries. I found that the cost of a new Volt battery was $35k, installation not included, which was more expensive than the cost of a new Volt when tax credits and rebates were deducted. That fact alone was enough to decide against the purchase.
The reason why this happens is because they know the only people that buys evs are morons
NEVER  BUY A KIA OR HYUNDAI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That looks like a perfectly shaped whole. That's not caused by natural accident
*must be electric vehicle battery. Keep your old cars, new ones suck!*
So basically..make sure you can buy 2, if you wanna buy 1...lol
EV aside, Hyundai is a garbage brand to begin with...
eco
Hyundai and other manufacturers need to build better EV Battery Protection Covers, also they need to honor battery replacement warranty protections if those covers are damaged due to non-collision use. If battery replacement is $60K today, that's only going to increase with inflation in the next 8 years.  The costs of their manufacture and production are not going to become cheaper overnight.   If they can not accept these changes, nobody should consider purchasing EVs. This should be front page, and everyone should be wary of getting one.  Government's plan on making all vehicles EV by 2030, is only going to result in a Cuban Vehicle Economy for ICE vehicles.   We're all for a cleaner environment and greener options for motor vehicles. Consumers can not afford these battery replacements.
I would make it double. If someone is stupid enough to buy ev, hes also stupid enough to pay more and more for stupid stuff.
Hyundai is relatively new to the EV market as there are many others. Tesla has had  pain and hurdles that they have learned from, and still are. However, average cost of a model Y or 3 battery is 1/3 the cost of Hyundai's and maybe even 1/4. Efficiency of build, quality, and warranty all have to be a part of an EV automobile producer if they are going to survive the transition from ICE to EV.  This is a perfect example of how difficult production is, especially for a long time OEM as Hyundai.  When customers have experiences such as this, they will look elsewhere.
EV's are a rip-off. There, someone said it.
This is why I still stick with internal combustion engines. I think as a mechanic, there's a big challenge from EV industry such as battery replacement. Like if we wanted to replace it, do we need to change the entire pack? Or just the damaged part? If so, how to do it? And my questions remains, with the advancement of our technology, do EV's didn't have any sensors to detect which one of the pack that's damaged? 61 grand for battery replacement is outrageous. And also I think it's better for other EV manufacturers to consider changing the plastic cover with something more robust and stronger than merely a plastic.
It sounds to me like Hyundai doesn't have any faith in the car's design. If a little scrape like that requires such a massive repair there's clearly something wrong with the design of the vehicle. It's pretty common to run over something and hear a loud bang under the car. I've done this with gas cars many times. Sometimes there is damage and sometimes therexs a scratch. But it's normal while driving that something might hit tge underside of the car. Hyundai can't expect tgeir cars are only going to be driven on 100% debris-free surfaces.
dealer offered a repair. i see no problem. u dont have to do it.
Just replace the cover yourself, without telling the dealer so the warranty to the battery still applies
Hyundai didn't say anything in that statement. It should be illegal to put a car that sensitive on the road and the battery price should be publicly available.
Electric car is the future!!!! WOMP WOMP
I am in favor of, at least, the concept, on non petro cars, but we seem to be jumping too soon.
Kyle got made fun of at holiday dinner by everyone in the family for buying a $55K Hyundai hatchback EV.
Imagine spending $60K on a Hyundai?
As a fully trained GM EV tech, this proprietary tech is complete BS, why i want out of this industry.... completely crooked from the top and us techs get the bad wrap because of their decisions
EVs are not practical, people are buying into the EV market too soon without doing there homework. EVs are not a viable replacement for ICEs yet the battery's are far too fragile and are not suitable for the worlds rough road conditions. Also they are not suitable for extreme cold and hot climate. My advice for EV owners would be go back to ICE until Hydrogen powered cars become available. They take 3 minutes to refuel, they have greater range and they make no pollution at all only thing that comes out of the exhaust pipe is water. They should be available in a few years. They are already testing passenger cars and large trucks and busses with great success in Europe.
Well, it's not WYSIWYG anymore, it's what you get is a piece of crap (WYGIPOC).
Dead easy don't buy a hyundai. OEM parts for cars are a complete rip off. I remembermy dad needing new brake dust back plates for his hyundai santa fe. Hyundai quoted him £230 each for some pressed metal. Its utter BS and no-one did after market ones
I don't know how they are in Canada, but Kia is the most disreputable and manipulative company I have ever dealt with. My mother-in-law was literally in tears dealing with them. Stay away from KIA at all costs,.
So now we have disposable automobiles thanks to the WEF. They act like they want to save the World but really it’s all about personal gain.
A family member of mine drives an ev. The car is 2 years old, and now it wont start because of the battery. It will cost him alot of euros to fix, almost the amount of money he paid for the car. He's selling the car for a big loss. Thats why I will never buy an ev.
Good Stuff, Guys.
Any idiot that buys an EV deserves what they get. 😅
INSURANCE FOR EV'S ARE GOING OVER $900 A MONTH. OVER $1,000 JUST TO TOW. NOW LOOKING TO BAN PARKING IN GARAGES AND HAVING SPECIAL OUTSIDE PARKING WITH A WIDER PARKING SPOT DUE TO FLAMES AND HEAT FROM FIRES.
It sounds like the dealer and brand wants to replace the battery, to avoid liability for e.g. self-combustion of the a battery, becasue they can't tell if or how bad the battery is damaged, if they OK'd it. But I find it odd that they can't do anything other than replace it.  Aren't  there stress-tests?   Add to that -the ludicrousness of the battery price. How much does it cost Hyundai, either they're really over-pricing or they they don't make a lot of money on ev sales   And, I agree, it doesn't sound very environmental friendly to write this car of so soon
One thing is for sure.. who ever bought the covid story also bought the climate change story and therefore one of these “environmentally safe cars” so they could protect the earth lol
Great value!
I think the truth is, you can't know for sure if the batties could have been damanged. With problems popping up on vehicles that where not damanged, who would want to take the chance? As an ASE master tech I have viewed training video about how to deal with EVs that have been in an accident and care has to be taken like parking the car outside for 24 hours min just incase they may have been damanged. Also using an infrared tempeture tool to monitor battery temps before you even start work on them. No if there was a impact on the battery box, I don't think I would want that left in my car!
I see major problems with owning a electric vehicle's  1 cost of car $65,000 Dollars.  2 cost of replacing battery $60,000. Dollars 3 cost to recycle the bsttery and to find someone who will maybe another 60,000. Dollars to recycle 4 less but not final the cost to recharge the which i hear is more expensive than gas to operate and insurance with EVs batteries exploding not being save on american highways should be banned altogether. Dangerous, dangerous, 😢😮
I bet the dealership who quoted $61k for a $7k part is dead slow, with a host of one star google reviews. When they offered him to buy a new Ionic- we all know, it is scam city! So Toyota for me all the way.
ev's are for multi-millionaires. for the rest of us, they are an unplanned medical bill that leaves you bankrupt, and homeless. hyundai just went on the never buy list.
For $60000 dollars I can buy lots of gas in my Toyota hybrid
Good luck on the resale value of these cars. Who would want to buy a used Ionic if you’re potentially looking at the cost of a replacement battery at the price of a brand new one? I don’t see that as an option for anyone.
Was it an Apple car? 🤣 More and more expensive electronics are becoming less and less repairable. And even if they are repairable, the companies refuse to repair them cos it's better, for them, to make customer buy a brand new one! Same with Apple laptops etc, litmus tests turn red even in humid air, so if Apple "techs" see they are red they immediately claim the entire motherboard needs replacing! Even if the real repair is a loose cable connection! They refuse to diagnose because of a little sticker which turns red when humidity is high.
This is what happens with foreign made crap 😂.
He still stupid..
EV are scam products who ever, buys a EV is dead end stupid... with $60,0000 one can buy two sadan cars and still have money left. kid don't get marry you are too stupid to raise a family.
Why do people keep buying Kia and Hyundai?
Yikes, i'm never buying this junk
Ok. Don't buy an electric Hyundai. Got it. 👍
Kyle needs to learn to stop being a sucker
Canadians need to step up and stop the government from banning gas motors. I will never be able to afford an e.v. and i can't have my driving range severely reduced. Stop the tyranny! Ffs
Wtf is a Hunday baddary?
Hyundai should have thought about the public relations nightmare this is causing.
Because of the cost of $60,000 for just the batteries. No one is going to buy Hyundai ev's anymore.
We can't mandate EV's until issues like this are resolved and the public can be reassured that they won't be screwed over by insane battery replacement fees for minor incidents like this. There's alot that needs to happen before I am personally comfortable buying an EV for myself.
😂😅 $61,500 battery for $50,000 car
and even though I would never buy a Kia / Hyundai ever again after my ordeal, I hope this video turns a lot of people against them as well.
why couldn't he still drive the car. What happens if they find there was NO damage beyond a simple scratch?
When I got to the part with Kyle’s interview, I see why they took him for a ride, with all respect to the poor guy but 🤷‍♂️😂😂
Absolutely nothing wrong with that battery pack! Dealer wants delisting!  Cowboys!
A wise man learns from the mistakes of others, a fool by his own.
Neighbor across from me just got one of these drivable pieces of e-waste. The first thing I noticed is the insanely plastic feel of all the detailing and interior, the wheel covers look like they belong on a Hotwheel. I will definitely not be parking near their expensive EV
Actually, this isn’t a new story and it’s occurring more often as EVs become older. There are an increasing number of stories that involve EV owners learning that the battery costs more than the car itself. A lot of these stories could have been avoided if people did their homework about rechargeable batteries, EVs, and being wary of any product that is promoted by government politicians and social activists. First of all, rechargeable batteries have a limited life. They can be recharged for a period of time before they can no longer hold a charge. This is true for all rechargeable batteries; especially power tools. EVs are no different. Many foreign cars, like Toyota and Hyundai, have factories in the countries they sell their cars to. This allows foreign manufacturers to sell their cars internationally for a lower price because they don’t have to export. This is not the case for EV batteries. One of the main elements to manufacture an EV battery is cobalt. Congo is the primary supplier of this element, and it is obtained via black child slave labor. This isn’t a secret…it’s just isn’t talked about for socio-political reasons. Because of the strip mining that is required to obtain cobalt ore and the cost of exporting it, EV batteries are expensive. Government subsidies don’t make it cheaper. It just means your taxes are funding those companies whether you buy an EV or not. This is one of many reasons not to trust big government. Besides, anything promoted by social justice advocates usually is based on emotions…not facts. Just because someone says “You’re saving the environment” doesn’t mean you really are. Furthermore, since EVs have a limited life before they have to be scrapped; this makes gas cars more practical because they can last for hundreds of years if properly cared for.
My father predicted this non-sense back in early 2000's. Worked as Master in the field and taught at college for nearly decade.
Just drop it off at the White House. Let the government deal with it. They love EV vehicles.
Just bought myself a C8 Corvette! The sound of that naturally aspirated V8 pumping out 495 beautifully sounding HP warms my heart every time I fire it up. No EV could ever make me feel the emotions I feel when I get behind the wheel…I guess my point is, keep your EVs….I’ll stick with my ICE all day, every day!
That is insane, the battery wasn't even inspected!!!  I think the best is to stick to hybrids for now
Really messed up to see that likely unavoidable objects in the road created such a bad situation for him. the Hyundai/Kia Boyz thing due to poor car design it seems like more of the same bad design and policies from that company. Though the EV industry as a whole needs to figure out batteries to make them feasible to have examined and fixed or replaced at a reasonable price.
So let me get this straight: If Hyundai is selling batteries for $56K but selling the car for $50K does that mean they’re losing $6K on every car they sell?    If yes, then this clearly illustrates the EV business model is simply unsustainable. If no, then they’re price gouging on their batteries….presumably to make up on the losses they’re sustaining on EVs, which are probably still losing money even if batteries are less than $56K.
Wonder why little Greta is not mad at them for making so blatantly polluting products
You have a cover to protect the battery and it did not. Isn't that a defective protective part? If it didn't protect battery, then that's a highway safety issue. Get Canadian highway department involved for manufacture putting dangerous vehicles on highway.
what a  great way to build in obsolescence by charging more than a new car for the battery AND having it die after 8 years making it impossible to justify not buying a new car instead. so much for the environmentally friendly stance on EVs.
I ride an Ebike, i'd love to buy an EV but i don't drive enough to make it worth the high cost.  I've looked at several used EVs and it's just such a risky buy... when you buy a used EV, you're buying the life of the battery and if it goes tomorrow, there's a good chance it wont be worth repairing the car at all; at least with hybrids, the batteries are relatively cheap.  I really think that some kind of generic, swappable battery is the only good solution because if you can just swap it out at a recharging station, it removes most of the risk of owning an older EV.  As EVs become more prevalent, there will also be more shops that can repair battery packs instead of replacing the entire thing.
Hyundai/Kia =🗑️
Should have bought a Tesla 😂
Yet another reason not to fall for or buy the lie of Joe Biden mobiles...
Note to self...don't buy EV vehicles...especially Hyundai.
Advice to EV buyers: don’t buy one. What a scam. Like recycling.
That's why I still have my 5-year-old diesel and will continue to do so for many years to come :)
Doesn’t it take more of a carbon footprint to make car batteries. I’m surprised these hosts didn’t mention that.
And their client is Korean. Way to go Hyundai 😂
in the eu they'd get brutalized
this is ridiculous
Don't buy electric cars until 2034
the whole save the plant is the Biggest Hoax/Fraud on the face of this plant and the elite rich are laughing all the way to the bank!!! and that's a FACT!!!
If electric truck go for the Canadian company Edison who convert the pickup truck to a generator (diesel, petrol or propane) with a battery pack for 1/3 of the new price of a new truck.
I came here from Louis Rossman's video referring to this video and case
Louis Rossmann brought me here
Fuck! I'M cancelling my Hyundai order..nevermind the deposit.
What does "fair battery price" means? Are they telling people the battery costs more than the whole car? All the other components and parts cost nothing? How much will they ask for a brand new car without a battery in it, nothing???
don't buy  F** king  Hyundai... buy HONDA
I'll never buy an EV, at any price. It would be disastrous, if everyone drove an EV in America. There aren't enough fire trucks, or stations. Insurance companies would go out of business, or just stop insuring EVs.
What a joke. Thank you for highlighting this.
Someone needs to create an aftermarket cover to cover the cover.
Get that plastic cover skimmed and repaired so it looks new then go to the dealership.
Excellent. I was so excited with Ionic 5 and ready to buy one. Now I know. It's not going to happen. Other EV's are not better with battery cost.
Electric car woes.
U can get a nice gas car for that much
Great concept, but sitting around every couple of hours to recharge batteries when you run low is not for me.
What a joke...more reason I am not going with an EV. They are disposable cars your lucky if you get 10 years out of them.
I'm staying away from Hyundai/Kia.  After hearing stories about how easy it is to steal one and the engine story from the car wizard, no way would i buy one.  It sounds like they would find an excuse to void your warranty.
imagine when this car will have a reel big accident .
What advice to EV buyers - DON"T buy this crap :P
Guzzolene powered baby!
Canad might be different than EU, but here importer (VW, KIa or whatever) will do everything to prove you that fault is on client side. Asking to fix anything on warranty is nightmare especially post COVID when car companies lost a lots of money. In Germany all warranty claims are rejected by default on first attempt, if you have time and you are stubborn than you have chance.  Additionally in UK and many other countries insurance companies planning to rise insurance cost due to huge cost or repair EV cars (aluminium body, huge batteries etc). I chose gasoline car, it lighter more versatile and more ECO in general.  I'm so sorry but EV cars is a scam for me. They overpriced, not ECO (mining lithium and copper, makings of electricity) at all and when it comes to repair - better put them to scrap yard.  I prefer buy good gasoline car and care about it for around 8 years and sell to someone. After 8 years in EV battery will be dead or has top 60% capacity.
Thanks for the video I will stay far from EV cars it is a total scam.
shit like this really isn't selling me on EVs at all...
NEVER buy an EV.  Even dealerships don't want to sell them.  For example, 50% of Buick dealerships took buyouts of their franchise rather than sell EV's.
This story is another reason I’ve decided once again to stay away from EVs. I almost purchased a Tesla Y but believe there are too many unknowns and issues not being handled correctly.
Shared this story with a friend who's parents own one. They immediately sold it. The repairs for these electric cars are a cost most people do not factor into their decision when buying these things.
Solution= dont buy EV make them change.
you slightly touched the HUGE problem; a "part" of a vehicle cost MORE then the car sold new? NO WAY is that actually true. If HYundai is selling cars at a ~50k loss it would NOT be worth more than 100 BILLION!  Cripes, they could have "made this all go away" with a simple "her ya go" free battery. The dealer involved is the focal point, they started this whole mess by NOT doing due diligence! There's where the lawyers should be brought in.
Kyle, my dude. EV fuc*ed you over. You lost 10s of thousands thru write off value loss and premiums. Buy a normal petrol car and wait for 10 years until this shit is solved.
Q: Is every EV that needs battery replaced worthless? Short answer: Yes.  Long answer: if it needs replacing due to damage, that means engineering is off and allowed it to be damaged to the point where no repair is possible. If it needs replacing due to age (5y+) that means its replacement cost will be more then what a price of that vehicle is at given age.  P.S. if you buy a Evehicle to save on fuel, that is plain BS. For 20kE that battery costs you can do 350000 Km in some normal hybrid / diesel car by buying fuel for it. Realistically thats a lifetime of a car. And you dont need to pay 20kE up front.
This is why you buy a NIO
Yeah I learnt something. Don’t ever buy an electric car. Nothing but trouble in every way. Too expensive and really not green.
Its really sad to see how insurance is being useless and how companies are exploiding customers for their sake; If getting the claim for the repaire cost you in the future it doent make any sence to get if beforehand.
Buy BYD instead
imagine thinking an EV is actually better for the environment. LOL  This is why you buy older cars that you can actually fix yourselves. Dont buy modern garbage
The list and net cost on the Quote is 6649.98 , is it a typo ?
Go fossil fuel, the dinosaur will win
Great Channel, guys! Hi Zack - so enjoyed talking with you during my CKNW days. Nice to ‘meet’ Andrea! Happy New Year! Electric cars. No way!
simple take: dont buy EV
What kind of twit takes their car to the dealership for a couple scratches on the underside? The grommet to fill that hole only costs about $5.
American car dealers are stuck with EV cars that public refuses to buy because EV cars are terrible. I plan never to buy a Hyundai car ever after seeing this video.
I can tell you this a battery does not cost that much if a battery cost that much. You're telling me that when they sell that vehicle not only are? They. Making no? Money. They're losing money on the msrp not even accounting for the tires. The rims the structure the actual vehicle itself.
EVs have a LONG ways to go. This tech is still very new, and the ability to charge/travel is very limited. I will buy an EV once there are as many charging stations as gas stations, AND the batteries can go at least 600+ on a single charge. Also, I won't buy a Hyundai EVER. These guys are total crap when it comes to warranty.
The cover did its job and protected the battery, but the company and the insurance didn't liked it. I can bet that there is nothing wrong with the car!
Fun fact: a  Dodge RAM 1500 doesn't melt running over some pebbles and is actually cheaper than this toy car.
Noone wants an EV. They want a Tesla. 👍4th Qtr record deliveries. And yet another record year with 50% growth.
Yet, every government on the planet wants people to spend $100,000+ on a new electric vehicle the manufacturers won't warranty when it receives minor damage. No thank you! Also, why make a battery skid plate (protector) that doesn't do the job it was designed to?
basically what you should have expected from expiramental products, which is EV vehicles. Till they like 30+ years old im not gonna think about buying.
Well, I was going to buy an EV.  But, after seeing this, nope.
The part that confuses me is that you can see the price of the battery and it’s listed at $6649.99 not $56,649.98 where are they getting that number?
Imagine buying electric vehicles 🤡
Yet another story of EV's actually being not anything close to what the companies and governments are promising us. The fact that they do not have standard operating procedures to diagnose and/or replace the battery packs speaks volumes. They just expect us to pay for their lack of foresight and believe the lies being sold to us about EV's.
someone is making money on his car with spare parts the dealer has found a way to make money
A secondary issue here... This battery will not last forever... If an I.C.E. or transmission goes bad after say 15 years... you can get a new or rebuilt engine or transmission for 5-10 thousand (installed)   The issue here is the second the battery goes bad the car is totaled..
I purchased a 2023 Kia Sportage Plug-In Hybrid, 8 months ago, but after seeing this story I'll never buy another Kia. In my opinion, just a big scam from Hyundai/Kia.
It gets even better! Our federal government has started to put in place legislation requiring all new vehicle sales by 2034 to be EV vehicles. By that time new EV vehicles should be near the $100,000 mark. Then throw them away after a few years when the battery wears out due to replacement cost.
One thing isn’t clear with the description of the hole. You’re saying that the hole widened but that doesn’t appear possible. Did you mean to say that the space between the cover to the battery decreased indicating that the cover was impacted hard enough to permanently change its position? If that’s the case it would mean something bent or was crushed but without removing the cover for inspection there’s no way to determine the extent of the damage like you indicated.
It’s not explained why the warranty was voided.
Yeah that’s 100% a lawsuit. The owner needs to lawyer up and sue.
Hyundai must be losing a lot of money on vehicles if a component cost more than the vehicle. Additionally, how does trying to avoid stuff in the road equate to a 50% insurance premium increase?  Scammers.... Keep scamming these corporations. This is crazy.
Its going to take two/three decades for the EV technology, infrastructure to catch up so I don't understand why people feel a need to become a guinea pig for EV industry!
The issue, as I see it, isn't that the battery replacement is expensive, or that the insurance company wanted to write it off.  It's that anything that might happen during normal driving can void a warranty.
Cars are "burning", money are earning!
Thanks for making this video!
Total BS
And people wonder why EV sales fell off a cliff...
After that incident and experience, it'd be a definite "NO!" with regard to considering an all-electric vehicle. It's Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) for me until they work out the charging speeds and battery tech gets standardized and weighs less so your tires don't wear out more frequently than ICE vehicles.
EVs are an absolute horror show.
That's why I won't be an EV.  I'll buy a hybrid before an EV.  All that stress to help the environment and save money but bits you back.
Traditional communist dictatorships send the host population to the Gulags (slave labor camps).  Modern ones like Canada and to a slightly lesser degree the US use punative taxation and regulation including global warming hoaxing to achieve similar outcomes.
You’ll run through tires in half the time, and EVs don’t get tire warranties either. Don’t let them destroy GVs until EVs can exist without government subsidies.
It was shortcoming of the dealer, when I worked in Hyundai there was on Kona Ev with battery case damaged and just replacing the battery case was enough.
Another victim of EV BS. A new fuel tank for a normal car would be a drop in the ocean compared to an EV battery.
It's not just Hyundai,  it's every vehicle powered by Lithium batteries.  The EXPLOSION part has always been my question,  because FACTS are if water contacts those Lithium strips then it most certainly will explode into flames, and that's a small "D" sized battery. Basically you're riding on top of a ticking time bomb, literally.  Do surprised that dealer let that slip, that's the real reason the Corp of Hyundai Canada stepped in.... to shut that talk up and ramble on like they actually care about the young man. EVs are 100s of more times dangerous to the environment than any carbon emissions (remember elementary school everything is green because it turns carbon dioxide into our breathable oxygen).... stop being dumbed down by the propaganda
why would you buy an EV for any reason. Come on people use your heads when it comes to the cost of the batteries and the danger of the ev's catching fire.  Try driving one in cold temp. or on the mountains and all charging stations do not take all different makes.
it makes no sense that the cost of the battery is the same as the car itself
That is why I would never buy a Hyundai. I don't trust Hyundai.
Writing off a one-year-old EV without thoroughly assessing the battery's condition does not make any sense because EVs are supposed to be environmentally friendly.
Yeah ELECTRIC VEHICLES are a SCAM!  If you bought one on the premise of “saving the environment” you’re a moron! The amount of emissions it takes to get lithium out of the ground is worse than you think and you still have to charge the vehicles…. Where does that electricity come from…. Hello!  Part of an article from MIT (yes that one):  Currently, most lithium is extracted from hard rock mines or underground brine reservoirs, and much of the energy used to extract and process it comes from CO2-emitting fossil fuels. Particularly in hard rock mining, for every tonne of mined lithium, 15 tonnes of CO2 are emitted into the air.  Battery materials come with other costs, too. Mining raw materials like lithium, cobalt, and nickel is labor-intensive, requires chemicals and enormous amounts of water—frequently from areas where water is scarce—and can leave contaminants and toxic waste behind. 60% of the world’s cobalt comes from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, where questions about human rights violations such as child labor continue to arise.  Manufacturing also adds to these batteries’ eco-footprint, Shao-Horn says. To synthesize the materials needed for production, heat between 800 to 1,000 degrees Celsius is needed—a temperature that can only cost-effectively be reached by burning fossil fuels, which again adds to CO2 emissions.
What this tells me is that EVs aren’t ready for primetime.
Dealerships are the best way to leave you broke.
That's Hyundai... don't buy that scrap - just don't do it 😂
last year i was sooo close getting one. And am glad i went for a used diesel Audi instead
shouldnt buy korean trash products
I am just not a believer in this whole EV car thing. 🤷‍♀I don't see how its anymore environmentally friendly to be mining for the precious metals that make up these batteries, compared to the costs of drilling for oil. Maybe in a couple generations they will have it all ironed out, but I refuse to pay a large premium to be a guiney pig.
I am confused by the part price on the invoice.  It seems like the price was $6649.98, but at some point, a 5 was inserted onto the price.  What's the story on the invoice showing $6649.98, and then it becomes $56649.98?  Am I the only one who sees this?
If the guy had never taken it to the dealership to have it inspected, none of this would have ever happened.  This raises so many other questions such as, is this a Hyundai design flaw?  Is the battery protection area too weak?  Is this a scam by the dealership / repair department?   Is this an insurance scam?   These are all questions that should be examined in court where all of the facts can be laid out and examined fairly and concisely.
EV's,  the soon to be mandated solution to a nonexistent problem......
SO WHERE'S POILEVIERE AND  TREAUDUES ELECTRIC CARS
I like how they're making the dealer the bad guy.
Poorly designed disposable EV cars is better for the environment 😂
Any moron can see the damage looks very minimal. I agree the protective cover should have been removed to inspect the batteries; then if no damage is found install a new protective cover. However it looks as if the dealership didn’t want to risk any liability.  After seeing how Kyle was treated by Hyundai; guarantees I will never buy any Hyundai new or used.  Thanks for this video. I imagine this video will eventually reach millions of people; therefore millions of lost sales for Hyundai.   If the Hyundai Corporation was smart they would give Kyle a new car; apologize then void that dealerships right to sell their vehicles.    There are now two vehicle manufacturers I will not buy from; 1) Chrysler 2) Hyundai  I’m a firm believer if you screw me once you don’t get another chance.
Insurerance is going to kill this industry. Buildings don't want them n their garages so it is not all car insurance.
anyone who pays 55 grand for a Hundai is asking for it.
There is a massive markup on that battery! $56 grand on a car that costs $55k is insane! If we discount dealer markup, Hyundai profit and the cost of all the other parts in the car the battery alone is probably not more than $15k for the component.
electric junk. stop falling for the EV hoax
EV's will be history in 5 years....
Seems like EV may not be ready for public implementation. Ill stick with my old truck thanks
EV fans....please get over the idea that EV cars are not polluting.  Move past your tailpipe emission figure and look at the coal and other sources for your energy.  AND look at the huge environmental pollution of the chemical processing for your batteries.  AND the horrible amount of pollution for the "recycling" of the spent batteries.  And look at the container ships burned to poisonous watery graves because of EV cars.  Put your fake halos' down and get real.
Did anyone else see that invoice? The list price of the battery is $6,650. The dealer has marked it up by $50,000!
should of  got a Tesla .. Gas car companies are new to the market. wouldn't buy a gas powered Tesla..... i think over time they will hopefully get better
Lol Lol Lol Yeah go EV ah what a bunch of suckers you are none of you are green or ethical, but you all think you are. Virtue signalling only
Not predicted by anyone
TBH this is one of the reasons why I don't have any real interest in the electrics, Most electric cars cost a fortune to fix minor bumps or replace things, Cost a lot to buy and tbh are not better for the environment when you factor in how the batteries are actually made. I do love the tech behind the motors though and how most electric cars have a very low Centre of gravity. Really though I think we should be looking for alternate fuel sources for existing cars. Maybe thats just me idk.
Wow, Insurance is a SCAM. Increase of 50% over 1 claim?  F that.
They should've just got the battery repaired.
I am convinced the only reason EV batteries cost as much as they do is because the manufacturers can set the prices as high as they like. I can almost guarantee that if the batteries were standardized to a real system, the costs would be forced down. Or legislation has to be written regarding the pricing of a battery relative to the vehicle. Personally I think the lack of standardization in the EV space is going to make life hell for everyone that isn't the manufacturer. Standardize or die is the fate of EVs
No such thing as a long range ev
So there was nothing wrong with the battery, and he could have kept driving it for years to come. All the stupid stuff about exploding etc is just nonsense, for whatever reason everyone involved is just useless and the car is now wasted causing even more of a carbon footprint. What a stupid stupid story.
That car you may as well throw it in the garbage because it is garbage
Hyundai IONIQ 5.? forget that EV now....pure trash.....THIS is why EV sales are plummeting
Yeah, sorry. Removing Hyundai from any consideration for a new vehicle EV purchase until they get this straightened out and make a public statement on what their policy is going to be.
So if I look up this part# 37501-GI351 this part list for $31666.50. So this body shop is %100 parking up this part. Not the dealer. This guy should have taken his stuff to the dealer and not a there part chop shop. This would be a totally different story.
they added an extra digit (5) infront of the list/net price for some reason
Easy fix, don’t buy these. You had the chance to promote EV’s decades ago and what? You sheep will promote them now? Why? You know why,  because your car dealership owns you no matter how wealthy you are. And the Canadian government is taking top and givin you EV owners a nice deep boning and enjoying every inch😂😂🎉🎉😂😂🎉🎉😂😂
The Government's foolish policies on EV vehicles, what a fraud
Replacement of battery will NEVER be cheap for EVs. If every customer will consider that amount when making decision EV sales will stop. It should be manufacturer problem and covered by warranty (period).
Considering this story , along with the number of EV fires happening , maybe the owners of ev’s need to start paying a higher insurance premium to cover this higher risk
just because he had a claim insurance can double? that is worse than hundai nonsens. these cars are riddled with issues. Teslas too. stay away! i had ev6 that bricked itself twice.
We should have known.  Anything Justin Trudeau or Joe Biden get fully behind is ultimately going to end up being a train wreck.
EV may like a moving mine if touching ground  soon to be explores or ignites later....
I ran over a 2x4 on the highway at 100klm/hr with a old corolla years ago, if it was an EV it probably would have blown up.
There is a place where electric cars are good.  Its called a golf coarse.
Maybe we ought to pass a law that everybody has to have one of these.
First, they should have removed the cover and checked for actual battery impact.  If there was any "sizable" impact then there would be visual cues.  Second, these battery covers need to be well designed and built.  It should not be this easy for minor road debris to defeat the protective cover, assuming that even happened in this case.
I'll pass on every EV. This is not a unique situation at all. Lots of people hit curbs or run things over on the highway. Knowing these batteries could burst into flames after a slight impact then this technology isn't safe for the real world.
EV’s are a economic risk. Now. But is the future for automotive mobility. Everyone has to adjust all the issues from this new market. More 10 years to we have a funcional system from brands EV to ensure company, as well repair shop. The battery industry is yet in the begining. More advancess to come.
I sold my ioniq 5 SEL and I am so happy about it, despite of 50% loss
Long term, current electric car technology is not the answer. The finite supply of the rare earth metals used for batteries is an issue, as well as the fact that you still need fossil fuel-based parts to make the interior of the car. So the whole concept of "net zero" is ridiculous. That, and the fact the price of electricity to charge EVs will go up drastically once it one day becomes the primary source of powering vehicles if they are mostly electric. EV car prices will never come down, and with inflation for goods and the general cost of living making it hard to eat properly and pay rents/mortgages, only affluent people will be driving them, many more will be relying on public transport.
Hyundai PR's statement is kind of peak corporate speech of nothingness. They managed to make the situation more frustrating.
Did anyone pay attention to the fact that the list price of the battery was $6649?? Not $56,000! Someone is not explaining something correctly. $6649.98 plus $1599.50 is $8249.48. What is going on with this video????
EVs are/will be a complete disaster.  The second-hand value will drop to zero. No one is going to buy these things.
I once worked as a mechanic for a Kia dealership. Basically reskinned Hyundai. Such a screwy company. Management always penny pinching from all the losses, and Kia themselves paying us bread crumbs to repair their crappy cars that always break within the warranty period. Seriously, everything from trunk latches breaking, window regulators, window switches, climate control buttons breaking, rewiring fuse blocks and harnesses to prevent fires or make brake lights work, touch screens going black, misfiring, automatic transmissions shifting hard, AC compressors not compressing, AC discharge lines leaking refrigerant very early on, Theta 2 engines blowing up from poor machining, timing chain rattles from early Lambda V6 engines, engines burning more oil than gasoline right after 100,000 miles but still getting it replaced by goodwill. You’d rather work for McDonalds. Straight up told the shop foreman that and left not long after.
Between the poor security of Kia’s along with this … it is not a good look for Kia no matter the route you go.
Haha As a former owner of the first gen Ioniq EV - I've never dealt with bigger scammers than Hyundai. Getting rid of the car and not having to deal with Hyundai was one of the happiest days in my life. Bunch of clowns. I'm sure the battery of this Ioniq is perfectly fine and the stupidest thing the owner made was to report it to Hyundai. He should've just raised his shoulders during the next inspection and played as nothing ever happened. Declaring a battery failed looking through a hole is laughable.  If there was really a damage to the  battery, the BMS would have reported to the dash. Poor kid, doesn't know they are trying to take his car away and sell it again at a very good price while he thinks he dodged a bullet... Be smart kid. Drive your car and give them the finger.
DONT BUY ELECTRIC CARS!
Capitalism  - Make profits any way you can, even if there is loss of life. With automobiles, we make profits on services, and warranties and replacement parts, even if it may be the manufacturer’s responsibility. If a customer contacts you, as a dealership, business owner, or business partner, you should make money on them. We make more money totaling a vehicle, because we get the customer to buy another vehicle with new service plan. Insurers also make money and profits, by getting points on customer and charging exorbitant fees. Everyone wins in hyper-Capitalism. 😊
Do you really want to drive an EV? When the battery cover is damaged, fires and explosions are inevitable. Trying to avoid hitting anything in our path could even cause an accident. We're not safe on the roads or highways anymore due to exploding and self-driving cars that can start and take off at any time. This is horrific. No one did their research before buying an EV. Who wants to drive a battery with 12 battery modules costing $5000. per module for a total of $60,000. We're surrounded by batteries which are unhealthy  Electromagnetic frequencies (EMFs) which cause cancer and may break down at any time. Plus mileage is reduced if you use your radio, air conditioning wipers, heaters etc.
and this is why EVs are trash
I've always thought EVs with current battery tech are a scam. We still need better more sustainable long-term battery technologies to make that transition in mass. I'm talking battery tech that doesn't degrade or lose too much capacity for like 15+ years. Until then it's just unsustainable having to replace the whole car after few years when the batteries go bad. Same logic applies to current smartphone industry where you can't find replaceable batteries anymore and they force you that way to buy a new one instead. At least there we get a significantly more powerful device, but with cars its just stupid.
What’s a horror story but not really surprising. I would not be interested in owning a EV if it was offered to me as a gift free of charge.
Imagine buying a Hyundai, then imagine buying an EV. You get what you deserve.
So for EVs they don't have a core value like most of 12v battery have
The bright future of EVs
They said a few years ago: When the EVs will be a lot more popular, the battery costs will come down exponentially.  I see this is not the case, if anything, the batteries cost goes up. So no EV for me, tnx.
The copium on the Hyundai subreddit is astounding
Why electric cars are a joke and why their pushing them is a joke is a long list.
See I don’t understand isn’t it your property? Was the car not running right? Not holding charge? Just drive it away and deal with the warranty issue later with legal…
Don’t buy an EV. Still in experimental phase.
Another reason not to get an EV. Same thing as an iPhone, when the battery goes bad in a few years, you’re going to end up buying a brand new unit which is as much as battery replacement 😊
Save on gas, wow, be green, for the environment. Total BS. Electric vehicles are shit.
I would not touch these EV's. It was the protection cover that was slightly damaged, that is why it is there. Sounds like a scam with these vehicles. Insurance companies are in a big panic with covering EV"s them.
I had a petrol Corolla that had a minor accident. It would have cost more to fix it than the car was worth. So it was written off. I don't see why this is a big deal - sometimes if you have a crash your car might get written off. Happens with ICE cars, will happen with EV cars
gas engines are very efficient now and these batteries are bigger polluters than anyone can imagine ,, we need to stand up to the tyrranical governments forcing this shit down our throat
Hey guys. Just one point I don't get. First line of the quote says; quantity 1 List price; 6649.98   Net Price 6649.98 And then boom Amount 56649.98 this is one digit more on the left; 5 Something wrong with Hyundai invoicing system, or ?  R.
WISE ADVICE - DONT BUY EVs
Noone's ever saved money on electric cars SCAM
Youl'd never think anyone would pay £/$55000 for that car in the first place.  People are nuts.
Its well known EV batteries / replacements  are expensive AND catch fire.  Why people are buying them is a puzzle.
If it looks like a scam, smells like a scam ...
This is fraudulent!!!
60k buys a lot of gas 😂
Whats green about an EV ???????
Damage has nothing to do with warranty issue's, and that cover is for protection and it seems its done its job  testa batteries are a lot cheaper lol
Do your homework before you buy stupid.
wtf the insurance company is the culprit why are they charging that, they should replace the vehicle that's the whole point of insurance
This is why batteries still suck.
This is a scam.......there is no way a battery should cost 59 thousand dollars when the car costs 60 thousand dollars.  I have a Toyota Prius Hybrid the car when new was approx 35 thousand and the replacement traction battery cost was approx 5 thousand.....electric cars are much simpler to manufacture  and batteries are batteries     there is no excuse for a freaking battery to cost 50 grand....and then to top it off, the so-called battery "protector" was lightly scratched ??  what good was the battery protector..?   sue the manufacturer for false advertisement....they called it a battery protector.   In the Toyota Prius Hybrid, the traction batteries typically last about 260 K miles to 300K miles before needing replacement.  Then it makes sense to buy a replacement battery for 5 Grand to get another  250K out of the car because the rest of the car just lasts forever with very little maintenance costs.  It is a shame that the car manufacturers are ripping off the consumer by inflating the costs of electric vehicles when in actuality an electric vehicle should cost way less than an internal cumbustion auto.  Consider the fact that a typical 4 cylinder gas engine has around 3 thousand moving parts all wearing away as you drive it, the typical electric motor has 2 MOVING PARTS ...the front bearing and the rear bearing..the rest of the motor is just a stator (that never wears) and a rotor (that never wears).  The rest of the car consists of a planetary gear that connects the electric motors to the driveshafts and then you have all the electric stuff that never wears out because there is no motion meaning NO FRICTION..!   So go figure why when you get rid of the gas engine with 3 thousand moving parts , and of course more moving parts in a 6 and 8 cylinder engine....why the hell are electric vehicles more expensive than a pure gas powered car......WHY  ??      PURE GREED OF THE MANUFACTURERS..!
What does that say about the transport industry switching to Ev's. Imagine the costs. You think our food is expensive now! There are better ways to save the planet, plant more trees that absorb carbon and emit oxygen. Stop building subdivisions where people have to be 100% vehicle reliant. Build sustainable living areas with walkable and bicycle friendly areas. Leave the rural zones for farming fresh local produce to feed those areas. Hydrogen is coming eventually. Ev's, unless they make them more sustainably is a bad idea. Mining efforts and deforestation would have to dramatically increase to accommodate all the minerals that go into those batteries. Not to mention, if you scrape your vehicle it may be considered a write off. And then what do we do with all the old, potentially dangerous batteries?
What a disaster for Hyundai.  A complete failure on so many levels.
EVs are not practical.
so so, and that's what happens with Hyundai cars, and what about Tesla cars 😅
Thank goodness the battery is under a 10-year warranty, you forgot that information. You won't, however, since you're pure clickbait.
poor Canadians... lol
no EV for life until you can charge the dammm battery to at least 90% in 5mins......
Boy....anyone on the fence about buying an EV probably won't be on the fence any longer. No thanks.
So the insurance company will sell it at auction as a run and drive.  I'd buy it for half price.
this is akin to a wake-up slap on your faces for those that promote EV cars.
The last car company I would ever touch is a Hyundai Kia brand. They are nice, however, like always, don’t back their product.  By cars that sell themselves folks.  The battery cover is more rigid than the one covering my plastic transmission cover (well not mine but you get the point t )
the problem is simply the price of the part, waht a joke, get a tesla
This makes me not even consider buying an EV and I am also wondering how is or will be the secondhand market for EV? The condition of the battery will rule the price regardless of the overall condition
This is becusse lithium ion cells are incredibly dangerous in any accident. Tesla actually disabled a car without telling a customer becusse they found out it was in a small bump, yeah electric is sure the future!
I have a friend/coworker of mine purchase a 2017 ioniq, sedan 4 door. 3 months into having it, died in the mountains and wont start( running fine prior ), and its been sitting at Hyundai in BC where the dealership is playing the "i have no idea whats wrong with it game". By the way, the dealership has had it for 3 months now and ZERO progress, and all these weeks theyre trying to "figure it out". Luckily my friend got hyundai to pay for a rental until the car is fixed. I told him keep that rental until you see your car running in great shape ( if he ever gets it back )   Listening/watching to these stories, i wouldnt be surprised  if its another Battery issue, and hyundai is trying to get my buddy to pay 10-60k for a new battery. What a bunch of shit from those people
his first mistake was buying a Hyundai
Thats How they make their money Now..They dont have transmissions..of differentials..or starters..or alternators..or engines...There is NOTHING left for them to make a Buck on..I TOTALLY UNDERSTAND..
Haiya Kyle, buy a hybrid toyota corolla bro, you will have an happy ending.
Imagine selling a car with a battery they have so little confidence in XD. Might consider another brand!
Dealer rip off. How the hell a hole just widens??
I know profit is always the answer, but it's disappointing that they can't just swop out batteries at a station. You'd never take the same battery with you. Boom, already charged.
Whoa it's almost as if I've said it before about how electric vehicles aren't the solution and probably worse environmentally to produce, repair, run, and so on. Wild that.
That’s ridiculous
Definitely jumped into insanity soup...! A lawsuit is definitely in order.
Whats a fair price isnt determined by the customer. Either learn to fix your own vehicle or continue paying to have them fixed. I can tell you as an auto tech i dnt shed tears over customers money issues 😂😂😂
Shows that EV’s are a con.  They are not environmentally friendly and specifically in this case!
Now I understand Toyota's reluctance to build EVs...... I have a Toyota hybrid and it works perfectly since I bought it 10 years ago...... too many horror stories like this around at the moment.....
But the list price is $6,600?
some insurance companies are dropping ev's because of high claims.
In my experience, Hyundai Dealers, at least in Oklahoma City area, are more corrupt than any other buying experience that I have ever had in my lifetime. I am 56 years old.
This is exactly the reason why I refuse to buy an EV.
a friend of mine had a medium accident to his Jeep Cherokee   1 head lights, hood, left fender , bumper, left axel , grill, one tire, one rim, one bearing,  airbags did not deployed. it’s all body part no major damage to mechanical components.  the estimation nearly 80% of the cost of a new car with the same model, this is just for the parts, not including labor.  so he just got the part from junkyard and decided to drive the car until it fall apart and then he will write the car off
Do not buy a ev right now. From a cost savings point of view. If the this minor scratch hadn’t occurred. The driver was still looking at a 60k batter in a few years anyways. You are not going to burn 60k in 7-8 yrs (average ownership length) in fuel and maintenance costs.  This case is not unique. Minor damage to ev cars are catastrophic if that damage is to the battery area.   There are many stories like this
All EV are simple scams Probably it would be a good business in 10 or 15 years But now it's what we get There is no money saving compared to gasoline vehicles, and non pollution is really questionable
Wow!!! I feel for Kyle and those who go through this.   And this is the VERY reason why I don’t buy hybrids or electric vehicles. They just cost way too much. And in Hyundai’s case, their warranty strategy just plain sucks and especially the battery part of it. Ridiculous.   I will keep purchasing gasoline combustion to the day I die or until all gasoline powered cars are completely obsolete.
Hyundai dealerships have always been snakes. I like their effort to innovate but their dealerships and business practices would make me stay away. Hyundai lets this happen with their dealerships
But you are saving the planet . Small price to pay
EV's are POS
Crazy, I'lll stick with gas thank you very much😂
I am a car guy and restorer, and have been waiting for this fact to come out, now I cant stop laughing...
Stay away from electric car simple
Hyundai and kia are sister companies that have the best warranty on any market bit apparently doesn't count if its a ev
small repairs on an ICE car can make it work for more than 20 years. repairs can be done anywhere in the world. Abusing ICE cars is common and it can handle it easily. MY petrol car scratches its underbelly all the time when I go through a bad patch of roads mainly due to low ground clearance. But still nothing happens to it.
moral of the story? Don't buy junk. EV's are junk.
buying korean "cars" LMAO
The moral of this story? Don't buy a Hyundai.
I was planning on buying this vehicle. Bye bye EV. I am happy with my traditional car with fossil feul
ELECTRIC CARS ARE STUPID BUT ONLNY NORMAL PEOPLE WITH BRAIN KNOW THAT
Fuck Electric cars !! :))
omg, and I want the N version, :SSS nooooooooo
This would be a problem with high snow fall in Northern States. Could the battery cover get damaged driving through snow and would heavy salting of roads affect the batteries?
korean shit
buing an ev is THE IDIOCY ON STEROIDS - FOR THE DISTANT FUTURE!!! ha! ha!
Boycott Hyundai. That's the only solution.
Something NO ONE is talking about. How did it end up being 56k when the invoice shows a single battery being 6649.98 with 1600 in labor for the install? There's just magically a 5 in front of the battery cost on the final total for the invoice.
My biggest take from this is that any e.v is almost worthless after the battery warranty is over.
there is not enough 3rd party support for ev car batteries for cheaper repair. If that was damage to ev bicycle or motorcycle its a cheaper repair replacing a couple hundred cells. but vehicles have 2000-4000 cells. thats 12 -18K usd. it is possible just to replace a few hundred cells but again thats alot labor involved
Dont buy Hyundai Problem solve
Seems ridiculous to me that the road hazard fault is placed on the driver. In my place of residence, road hazard does not negatively impact your driving record. I had to replace a windshield under a road hazard situation and my insurer confirmed that it would not impact my driving record.
So the vehicle is basically trash then, so much for environmental friendliness. fuck electric cars
Its just like printers. Ink cost more to buy then a new printer. Looks like they want you to keep buying a new car instead of buying a new battery.
So the carmakers put a battery underneath the car and expect it not to get impacted?
Nice to see that the battery can be so easily broken and dangerously injured...and the manufacturer didn't even make a proper cover.  Probably the battery is ok to start with  - This story is so dumb.  Just keep driving the damn car Kyle you idiot and get a lawyer to sue Hyundai to guarantee that it will cover the warranty
Hyundai United Kingdom are the same
This is why you don't buy an Electric Car.  Hyundai just lost most of its customers.  Price gouging.
Hyundai is a biggest scam company.  Stay away.  Me and all my friends who owned Hyundai vehicles even before ev's were invented there were multiple problems with rust problems.  And many other issues.  Newer again Hyundai.  Newer
nio left the chat , nio it is free and takes 3-5 mins to replace battery
Didn't Tesla's  have a battery cover that is made of Titanium so it resist well the hazards of debris on the road? Sorry but the idea of luxury cars should be dropped. we should have cars that drive us from A to B safely, or better, in the cities we should have better public transportation.
Every time i hear someone going on about their ev..... I grin 😅, if theyre ignorant to battery costs they are definitely ignorant to everything that goes into making their EV
The Auto manufacturer put the battery under the car they should have protected the battery better then they did from the factory
If an impact that light can destroy the battery then what good is the protection cover? It can't protect it from even a small impact
I have heard so many horror stories about the Kia and Hyundai warranties and how difficult they are to work with. Stories of them denying claims that should obviously be taken care of like engines blowing up with very few miles on them.
Looks like they used the generic spare part multiplier to the battery cost. Typically 2x to 3x the price of the part. This is stupidity.
Another hole in EVs, give it another 15 years already
EV be eating batteries like breath mints....no problem, we'll get more from China, they're our pals.
Guy gets an almost free car and whole spare car and battery. Awesomeness.
This just shows battery operated car is not the way to go green. Too many red flags on EV. No to battery.
Need legislation to require standardised batteries across EVs from all manufacturers. Bring costs down as this story highlights how unrealistic EV ownership is.
First mistake, trusting a dealership, second, buying and EV.  I had a job where I  spent a lot of time at over 75 dealerships across a large geography and then a few years at their headquarters, it was an eye opener.   I won't say one is better than any other. Cut your loses, go back to an ICE vehicle. They are in it for the money and we, the one off consumers are not worth the time.  You have to get loud about your issues.
Buying EV to lower CO2 emissions? According to a big study that isn't all that effective. Over the lifetime of a car an EV maybe saves 30% on CO2 emissions compared to a diesel or gasoline car.
The cost of EV battery replacement is one of the big issues with EV's, not to mention will the battery be made or in stock if someone decides to cough up the money to have it replaced years down the road. Battery replacement costs are exactly the reason useds EV's don't sell here in the USA. Car Makers are scaling back on the production of EV's and dealers can't sell the ones they have on the lot. Ev's are our future? I think not. There are a lot of things that need to change if EV's are the future. Just so everyone knows I am not anti-EV.  The battery replacement costs are insane and  it's the weak link in the whole EV domination goal.
Just lease EV, don’t purchase
Just wait for 2035.
Don’t buy a EV. The dealers are useless.
Canada do things different than US? Hyundai main office should tell owners of dealer south, pull battery to check it out, or lose the dealership!😂🤷🏼
Essentially you have no insurance or waranty, and now, no car. Shocking!!! Who'd of thought a car maker would rip off their customers??? DUH!  So now we know, all electric car batteries are vulnerable to damage.  The most expensive part, is at constant risk of being destroyed by a little debris on the road. Got it. Oops.  EV's are unproven and full of unrecognized issues and problems. Elon Musk and the rest made alpha testers out of their customers, got customers be lab rats, use our public roadways as free test proving grounds, and now give customers the shaft when problems occur.
Yank out all that EV crap and install a 2jz engine. Problem solved.
This is absolutely sickening. I will avoid buying anything electric for as long as i possibly can!!! 😮😮
Have you guys heard of NIO?
Proves that EV technology and production has not  evolved enough to mandate a 100% EV market, as the Canadian federal government wants to do.  I live in rural Canada and would never consider buying an EV for practical reasons. (Lack of long range and charging options, operating in freezing temperatures and now battery  replacement cost.) The combustion engine will be around for a while yet until EVs become as reliable and easy to use while being as cost effective as a gas powered vehicle.
PS DON'T GO ELECTRIC THEY AIN'T ALL THAT, YOUR BLDY IPHONE BATTERY DOESN'T EVEN LAST A DAY
HOW ABOUT THE DEALERSHIP RIPPING YOU OFF AND ACTUALLY BEING FRAUDULENT! WHAT A JOKE
ALWAYS GET 2 OR 3 QUOTES NOT ONE
This car would cost the equivalent of $72,500 Canadian Dollars in the UK!!
Hyundaiii are fun to buy and drive but wait something happens to that car, you will surely regret buying it, Hyundaiii will tell that it takes them three months to help pay and at times they will say that they didn't get everything right and will then give tou another 3 months....it's very tedious to deal with them trust me so feel the pain of the owner
Hyundai/Kia/Genesis Are all garbage cars and take up 3 of the bottom 5 of dealerships. Hyundai is paying out billions right now because of a class action lawsuit because of the garbage engines they made for 8 years.
never buy Hyundai,
wow disposable cars 😁😁
You can buy 4 engine and 4 transmission replacements for $60k 😂
I must say this is amusing Those stupide enough to purchase a Hyundai deserve no better. Those striped enough to purchase an electric Hyundai should pay. People with some common sense do not buy Hyundai Kia and the new joke from Hyundai named Geneses (a badge engineered vehicle.  At the same token as there is no Lexus because it is a Toyota there is no Geneses, it is a Hyundai and Hyundai, with all due respect and I have none, is a piece of junk.
Its a scare tactic disgusting that the Hyundai STEALERSHIP went down this path ! THEY SAW KYLE COMING AND THOUGHT THEY WOULD TAKE ADVANTAGE OF HIM !
Electric cars are the biggest failure/scam ever. Lol
First mistake was walking into a Hyundai dealership, second was thinking EVs are green and cost effective
If this is how hyundai treat there customers I will make sure to avoid the brand...
ICBC is very poor at what they do... watch now and they will double the cost of insurance for all EV owners based on thier own stupidity... a good adjuster would have done the proper thing.
Power tools, the batteries are $280 for the flagship battery, and you can buy the bare tool for $110.
EVs are garbage and green energy is environmentally destructive period!!!
Electric vehicles leave the heaviest carbon footprint of all vehicles. The mining of the Lithium to start with is insane, not to mention the radiation emitted is 1000x higher than safe levels for Humans or Animals.
This is just one reason why you don’t buy an EV.
Hyundai time and time again fails the customer service and relations test in the real world. Kyle should sue the roads dept. for damages since they are responsible for keeping the roads safe and free of debris.
This is the only time I can think that a lease would be better.
They also weigh 3x a normal car. So yeah,,  basically throwing your money down the drain.
keep yor gas car, just in case.
Disgusting dealer
EV car batteries will be the new scam for all dealerships since dealerships will no longer be making money from car repairs they will use batteries replacement lies to bring income.
The bill has a mistake on it u can see it was meant to be 6649.98 and they put that in twice they then accidently entered a 5 which is easy to do on a keyboard its right next to the 6. How has no one seen that
nice businessmodel every EV Manufacturer
Goodbye cars and california 😂😂😂
I'm Loving this ! Hyundai just shot themselves with this incident . I'd like to know how much damage this story has caused them ......  I will never buy an EV  ....
Are you still delusional and want to buy an EV??? It is a disgrace. More polluting (manufacturing wise), low range, prone to problems in cold or warm weather, too expensive, not enough recharging stations, the power still comes from fosil fuel generators, etc. Hello! Wake up!
EVs are a scam, and aren't better for the environment if you factor in manufacture impact on the environment, nor is maintenance cheaper in the long run. NZ has a very low new car ownership, most people buy second hand imports. I was helping my dad research new cars, he was looking at getting a second hand EV, battery degradation is a huge problem even if you don't have any accidental damage to it. Cars EVs that were like 5 years old often had battery health of around 70% original. Once they get down to about 60% they're basically useless, as the health loss rapidly accelerates. I looked at how much replacing the battery would cost, it was server thousand dollars more than what he would be buying the car for, and that wasn't even for a new battery, but one scavenged from another EV that had been written off. My ICE car is nearly 20 years old, yes I've had to spend a few thousand on maintenance but the car runs very close to as good as the day it was made. There is no way an EV would make it to 20 year old with hundred of thousands of miles on it, it would have been dumped years earlier.
They are forcing us to buy ev... screw them... we have choice.  You ev worth none if the battery more than the car... shocking... saving fuels can't afford battery... Kyle is rite..
EV sucks too expensive
Does the battery work and the car run? Still watching this video.
Can we put the car out with the recycling for the trash man?
Generally wasteful, with all the resources that go into batteries. Look into the upcoming "Flow Battery" that stores electrolyte in tanks for much faster "charging" like a gas pump.
Tip of advice stay with a gas vehicle. It doesn't make any sense to switch to EV.
Reduce carbon footprint. Hahahaha, tell that to the African children getting poisoned getting your lithium! Want to help the environment, drive an older car or truck.
Prius battery on my 2010 is like $1500. I’m at 256k miles now. Hybrid is the way to go in every way.
Here is the facts don't buy electric crap
This is why I'll never buy an EV. Not worth the issues. Not worth the amount of money you lose.
How do you save more on ev ? Compared to petrol? Its fake
Hurry...don't wait. Sell your electric vehicle while you still can!! This story is truly unbelievable!!!
What a scam.
Only because I'm a dealership mechanic i can kind of see where the dealership is coming from.. if they say the battery is fine, you drive away and it catches on fire and kills you in a month, guess what dealership is getting sued out of businesses.
That's why they call them Stealerships.
How does the $6649 net amount for the battery turn  into over $56k?
NPCs programming makes it impossible to accept the truth / REALITY. Anyone can go to OFFICIAL W *(censored letter bc algo delete) F (if you still don't get it, they meet every year officially in Davos, NOT a secret) website and see their PUBLIC, OFFICIAL interviews and speeches, it is NOT a secret, all public and official.  : Car manufacturers GET PAID from above by world bank / W*F to build EVs, those who "create" money pay the car manufacturers. Combustion engines get banned and then all of a sudden EVs will cost $100k+ and fixing your car will cost $50k+. So the "peasants" won't be able to drive anymore. LOCKDOWN and total control.
Worth every penny
Another electric car scam. Wake up dummies. How is Kyle so calm about this?
This sounds like a BS story! What Shocks me is that on the repair estimate invoice the tax is only 5%. This is Canada,they tax the heck out of the citizens. When I visited Canada they had the GSP and thePST taxes that added about 15 %.
Kyle wasn’t so smart, you should always get in contact with corporate for problems like this
You don't actually need a new battery in this car.   The damage, (scratches on bottom protective panel),   do not affect the operation of the car.  You could just drive it out of warranty and not pay huge insurance for the claim.    This whole story does expose the dealers and the system for being completely dishonest.   This video is costing Hyundai big time.
Owner of 2019 Hyundai Kona EV. Very happy with the car. My comment is this:  1: The battery in our car was replaced in 2022 due to the recall that occurred that year. (for Chevy Bolts as well). That recall affected tens of thousands of cars and yet Hyundai offered over $500 in compensation to owners. My point being, it is obvious that Hyundai (or Chevy) obv. did not spend the retail price of those thousands of vehicles for those replacement batteries. So there is a big disconnect between their supply chain cost and the secondary market. This is an industry problem, maybe even a regulatory problem, that needs to be fixed ASAP. I would suggest that this gap and huge price difference is not just in batteries. Has anyone looked at the cost of replacing a door or bumper? Does anyone really think that is the actual cost of that part? I bet ICBC has good numbers on this.   #2: This is a company/dealership problem, not a customer problem. The battery itself, nt just the cover, should be checked. I am glad the video pointed that out and it sounds like Hyundai Canada is saying the right things but again, this is not an EV problem. This is a problem with companies, and especially dealerships, doing the absolute minimum for the customer or even their own cars! Just send the customer to the insurnace company and scrap the car. Incredible waste and poor service. It should actially be illegal. It reminds me of air travel and treatment of passengers. You don't get any attempt at resolution unless you go to the media or to a lawyer or both. Disgusting.  Not an EV problem, a Company problem, and I am sure it won't just be Hyundai.  Love my EV.   I avoid the dealers and the company, all of them, now.
Screw it. Give me a new car
This is why I just went with a top trip kia soul $18 k
I always look suspiciously at any EV mainly because of the way it keeps its energy. They just dangerous for common use no matter what engineers say about it, because they can unpredictably fail at any moment..  One thing when you extract energy by small portions from a liquid substance which relatively safe for getting some mechanical deformation and the whole different thing when the storage is highly sensitive for physical impact and it's difficult to evaluate their actual inner condition.  So I understand why dealership's mechanics just refused to take responsibility for the further dealing with those batteries.
Stop being woke and buy a gas powered car. Save yourself 10s of thousands of dollars in the future.
Buy Nio and replace it everyday. For free. Full charged. 3 min.
just buy a new one and you're saving the environment double. easy
People buy ev’s because they are stupid
I would keep driving the car and see how long it would last they are just looking for you to buy another piece of scrap like that
Can Hyndai just give me the car minus battery for free (as the battery costs more than a car)? I will get the battery shipped from China through Ali baba 😅
Long story short, Kyle's been fooled
This needs more that one reaction - 😥, 😡, 😨, 😵‍💫.
Is this a concern for just EV's or do Hybrids have a history of costly battery repairs also?
My Boss has a £75k Tesla Dual Battery on a lease agreement. He says the cost of servicing and maintaining it make it impossible to justify buying one. I have a hybrid Toyota which I will be changing before the warranty expires.
this is fuckin insane haha
🚨 Ghoulish 🚨
Hyundai is applying an anti-repair smartphone business model to IONIQ 5.
The morale of this story is Hyundai should make better battery protectors for EV batteries, if they're going to charge up the bum bum for the EV initially! This buffoonery makes me wanna just stick to buying electric scooters because replacement batteries are only 500 bucks!
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 electric POS
JUST DONT BUY ONE!
LMFAO... this is the legacy of your electric cars!!!!  Anyone who has invested in one of these electric cars has thrown their money in the fireplace.  It officially costs more than TWICE as much to charge your electric POS than it costs to fill your car with gasoline or diesel.  Enjoy your STUPID mistake.
Well that makes my mind up regarding EVs. What a nightmare
Moral of the story, don't buy an EV
I don't really understand that. At Tesla, for example, you can get a new battery for around 20k euros or a refurbished one for 10k euros. At 20k Euros that would be around 30k Kannada Dollars
i wouldnt be surprised if they charge that much for the battery to get u to buy a new car from them instead  edit: after watching the video some more it turns out they ask if he wanted to buy another car lmao these companies are so predictable
This is ridiculous I own a Hyundai Ioniq hybrid but man the service price is way too much but thanks for the EV info I won’t get an EV now rather go with combustion engine till petrol ⛽️ and diesel is out there…
This statement is nothing new. This quote was the same in the late 90’s when Toyota launched the Prius 🤷‍♂️
Same with the Leaf.  knew a guy that owned one and Nissan wouldn't touch it or fix it while it was still under warranty. The second it rolled over, 15K. Dealers know the more they sell, the bigger the chance they will go under killing the automotive industry.  Not only they have raised prices, folks like Toyota charge you a subscription fee trying to offset the EV costs. No wonder there are hardly any salespersons left, they can't make money.
THIS LESSON IS USEFULL FOR ALL  old & new customer =looking a tesla !!! Pease don for get this LESSON !!
That type of thing going to make insurance skyrocket for everyone if they keep getting away with it.
I saw another Youtuber who needed to replace the battery on his tesla. It had failed right after the warranty expired, after two years, and it cost $22K to replace. If I had to replace the most expensive part of my two year old car, I would be pissed on principle. This doesn't happen to combustion vehicles unless there is operator error. In Europe people are refusing to buy electric cars because they found out how unreliable and expensive they are.
Turns out that GM had it right with the EV1- electric cars should be lease-only items.
Moral of the story is to absolutely skip this phase of EV rollouts and lithium ion batteries outside of a hybrid.  These batteries are going to be considered primitive and worthless sooner or later.  I'll wait until solid state batteries are a thing and reevaluate then.  The math simply doesn't work when you compare these to a $20,000 Toyota Corolla.
Someone here in the States had his Hyundai ev battery die after several years, and was told it would cost $50,000.00 US to replace it. I am all for ev vehicles, but will not be buying one until I have no choice in the matter, or u til those batteries  come WAY down in price!
They put another battery in and sold it again …
I honestly was gonna buy the Ioniq 5N. But no, I’m not even gonna buy an electric car now. It actually has the ability to ruin your life.   And I don’t know why Hyundai dealers everywhere are the biggest garbage ever. Hyundai is doing such a great job with N division but their dealers are 🤡 They are and will complete screw Hyundai if not stopped.   🙄It’s wonderful how that poor guy’s insurance is gonna double up because of this. The amount of power they have and lack of standardization in car insurance industry so overwhelmingly disastrous for commoners.   There is no set of rules or standards, whatever the insurance company says or decides is the standards 👏👏
I’d give him $500 for it!
Replace the cover or keep driving it!
The dealers at fault for being dishonest but the owners should have pushed the dealer to take the cover off so everyone sees what's involved. I know for myself I'm not considering straight. EV I thought about Toyota Rav4 hybrid. I have gas powered rav4 now.  I need to look into hybrid batteries and their cost ikf needed to be replaced
Why I won’t buy an EV
i would not own an electric car.  water is the fuel to use. no emissions, no fuel cost, reliable ice combustion. hydrogen can be extracted from water. this technology needs to move forward
Get a new battery cover
Stick to low cost normal gas cars lol Point A to B not Mach 3 point A to B lmao.. You ain't saving the environment from nothing..  The stuff in those batteries, the production, overseas shipping and this is just one story..
EV batteries have always cost more than the vehicle itself. Several ago some guy blew up his EV live on YouTube after he discovered that his battery was going to cost him close to $25,000!!!
This is a massive customer-relations blunder on the part of Hyundai and Hyundai Canada.  We are in the market for a new vehicle, and learning of this will cause us to avoid buying any EV as well as cause us to avoid anything made by Hyundai.
Because repairs aren't tax subsidized like the manufacture of the car itself. Add some union labor and an over priced battery and you have a problem.
This sounds to me so much as a dealer scam.
We all know they are just going to replace the battery cover and put it right back on the lot. 🤡
Its classic pricing to kill the job. For whatever reason the dealerships don't want to provide a battery replacement service, perhaps they are frightened do do it and lack the necessary skills, so they are pricing it so high it makes it uneconomical. The list price is 6,649.98 and they are then marking the price up to  56,649.98. The 5 is either a mistake (doubtful) or a deliberate mark up to kill the job.
This why you don’t get an EV, you’re always gonna be a Beta tester
This is why EV’s are so over rated
I don't feel sorry for him at all.
Ok if you look at the quote there was a qty of 1 and list and net price of 6499.99 I believe for the battery then the total to the right was calculated wrong.  The battery is approximately $6500 which would seem about right.  The labor was $1500 or so  total before tax about $8100 then tax.  This all being Canadian dollars, so if tax brought it up to say a total of $10,000   that's $7600 US dollars.
They sound just like news anchors
his mistake is buying an EV to begin with
There you have the reason not to buy an electric car , its the biggest scam in the world .
& he is still debating about buying a new ev car 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I think some people are making this about EVs being a huge financial risk, when its buying EVs from legacy manufacturers that is the risk. I have an Ioniq and looked into replacement costs based on Teslas. I just wish i bought a Tesla. By the time the battery fails in the typical EV, it has paid for itself 3-4x in fuel savings. Hyundai crapped the bed on this. And my experience with them for the past four years is just that they gas-light customers a little more than the typical dealership/manufacturer. Just buy a Tesla people.
Love the idea of an EV but this is just a catastrophe waiting to happen. The tech is clearly not ready yet.
It amazes me that people think electric cars are the future and helping the environment 😂😂😂
In 5 years... there will be THOUSANDS of stories like this from poor souls that were suckered into this... its sad.... Biggest SCAM of our life...
So Hyundai statement is a lot of blah blah.
This is ridiculous. So they're selling the car at a loss, cause that's the only way I see this battery cost more than the car. Why can't these corporations just be legitimate and stop taking advantage of us. A 50% increase in insurance is ridiculous for one incident.
I would never buy an EV, and I'm old enough I won't have to
Sounds crooked to me.
Its business marketing like this which will drive people away from Hyundai and Ev's in General. Then people wonder why all the auto manufactures fail and Tesla wins. lol!!
Rule no #1 never buy any EV .They are nothing but junk. Stay away from them. They are death traps and fire hazards. Give it 5 years and they will be filling up every scrap yard on the planet.
🤯
Moral of the story is don't go to a dealer and ask if there is anything wrong with your car!  The battery is probably fine and the car could likely be driven for another 20-30 years!  I hope Hyundai steps in and gives the guy a new car or gets the old one back for him.  Yes, we do need some regulations re availability and cost of replacement batteries.  Fortunately, ev batteries don't often need replacement.
Wow very interesting, when my buddy mentioned the Battery’s for those cars were exactly that worth more than the car, I thought it was bullshit. Now I have to eat crow. That is absolutely ridiculous, and what’s up with ICBC inspectors? They couldn’t take the time to inspect the battery and call the manufacturer? Wonder how many vehicles ICBC just wrote off because of the same issue? It’s a concerning thing considering auto insurance rates affects all people who drive in the Province of BC.
Why would a part cost more than the car itself?  Why would superficial exterior damage cause damage to the battery that is inside?  Either the battery cover, the battery itself, or both are not made to endure minor road hazards.  It is normal for vehicles to strike small objects on the road. Normally, any resulting damage is superficial.  This need to replace the entire battery is admission that EV batteries are unsafe.  The fact that the car was written off is admission that EV's are financially impractical. Hyundai has shot themselves in the foot on this one.  For good faith and public relations, they would have been better off to quietly offer the owner a new vehicle.  Hyundia's statement that they are working toward a battery replacement strategy reveals that they have not a clue about repairing and servicing one of the most imortant parts of an EV. Does the dealership know anything about batteries?  If they do, why did they not inspect this one? The owner has been abused by Hyundai, the dealer, and the insurance company.  He wil be paying high premiums for years due to Hyandai's failures.
This is the reason why I would advise against transitioning to an electric vehicle until the pricing and charging infrastructure becomes more advantageous for the average consumer. For example, if the gas tank of a gasoline-powered vehicle is damaged, the cost of repair would be 1% or less of the total vehicle cost, whereas in the case of an electric vehicle, the equivalent repair cost might be significantly higher due to the current state of the technology and infrastructure.
NIO battery swap is the way, but of course...national security concerns...
I'd go for a hybrid. Not the best and brightest buying EVs.
Was gonna get a Hyundai IONIQ 5 but guess I can't afford this bullshit😅 Korean manufacturers clearly shows that they doesn't care about their consumer...
I simply don't understand why anyone would buy a NON-TESLA electric vehicle. If you're going to buy an ELECTRIC VEHICLE go to company that specializes in electric vehicles and knows how to service them properly.
To all you self-righteous, smug EV owners, I don't feel sorry for your indiscretion at all.
Love this. I am Korean, work at Hyyndai Canada. We make these cars like crap. I cannot believe people are buying them.
Electric cars = save on gas, pay in insurance and replacement batteries
Avoid EV altogether and stay away from this nonsense
Thats it. Next car is gas.  So stupid from Hyundai to do this just as people are warming up to EV's. But it could also be a  hyundai issue. I wouldn't be surprised. They don't know  what they are doing now, just look at the design or their models, its all over the place.
This the problem with electric cars, and Toyota was right
I see 6 and change not 60
Offset emissions vehicles are just plain stupid. Prove me wrong 😄
Just proves that EV cars are a scam that only last 8 to 10 years with no resale after that, your dumb if you think this is good for the environment or you are saving money, it's a Scam and a rip-off.
EV's are a SCAM. They have been rushed in when there are better, cleaner technologies. In the UK, they are pushing everyone towards EV's yet at the same time increasing electricity prices by 200 to 300% and telling us every Christmas the the power grid is low on power!!!! Why would you push more people towards EV if you don't generate enough electricity and the electricity you have is making people poor??? Absolute scam and I will not buy in to it.
This guy should get a good lawyer. Because that greedy dealership basically screwed him out of a car, raised his insurance for 10 years, and screwed over a customer. They should get sued for the CLEAR lies they told him. And he should get a large settlement to cover his costs for his car and his insurance and a new car for him
Seems to me it's as likely this is a FAULTY battery and not a damaged battery and should be recalled, but the manufacturer won't own it. Knowing what I know about Lithium batteries,  swelling  is a faulty battery, and since no one removed the cover it could as easily be a faulty battery and not a damaged battery.   So is Hyundai not wanting to do a recall?  Are there other EV Hyundais out there that have not hit hazards that are swelling?  Yeah note to self: Avoid Hyundai !
This is a major issue with all of the manufacturers.  Running over objects is not that rare of an occurrence such as the company claims.   Now since this is a Hyundai, THEY have a real issue to solve and potential buyers are watching.   I've already decided to cancel my EV preorder and this just underscores my decision.
That's just pure greed and fuckery. There is no way that battery was damaged. The skid plate got a scratch on it. Just keep driving the car and forget about it.  Now this dude ruined his life fucking with an insurance company 😂😂😂
I will never own one of these EVil machines.   1 - High Price 2 - Tires last half as long and cost 3 times the price 3 - Accident may fracture the battery pack, electrify the car and kill you 4 - Faster you go your range decreases exponentially.  up to 40% less 5 - Facts are now available, gas cars are still cheaper to run. (see Scotty Kilmer Videos) 6 - Insurance Rates Skyrocket 7 - Road Use tax is coming for all EV drivers making it cost even more. 8 - HIGHLY toxic lithium mining 9 - Plug into charger it may fry the car, stranding you with a $5k repair 10- EV Fire is 6000 degrees and often cannot be put our with water, just hope you are not inside. 11- Chargers are airports have people waiting in line for up to 6 hours 12- Tesla Plant EV charger powered by Diesel Generator (green vehicle, what a joke) 13- Tesla Battery pack is $25000 US Dollars,  (Complete new engine for my F-150 is only $6k and it will last longer) 14- US is short 10,000 mechanics that can work on EV''s so it is actually better to scrap them,  or never buy one. 15- Older parking garages are banning EV's due to the weight of the car 16- EV fire in a parking lot will burn down all of the cars near it.  Do not park near an EV. 17- THE BIG ONE - If you miss a payment (or have the wrong political views) they can TURN OFF YOUR CAR.  This is a life that no one wants.
When i buy a car i expect it to at least last 10 years. Ev being useless after 8 years is an absolute no go.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂   Now it is the manufacturer's problem for a driver mistake?
Figured out it's bullshit yet?
The car was probably built mostly by robots .so no labor Cost .either way makes no sense .they should just have a trade In program for evs that has high repair/maintenance.just give a new vehicle the refurbish the old one sell it again and hey looks like stealership still makes money
This is yet another globalist scam.  There isn't a battery in the universe that should cost 60K, and if a battery does cost more than the car, it's not a 'sustainable' consumer product.   If the cost of that battery was truly $60K, that means that Hyandai loses money on every EV it sells.  Why would any company produce a product that costs more to make than it can be sold for?   As for the insurance premiums, to suggest that a vehicle is going to be on the road and in motion and nothing will hit the underside of the car and that if it does it is the driver's fault really says that anyone who uses the road creates liability and is automatically negligent.   The in-your-face-crazy globalist agenda here is to ultimately prevent the average person from being able to afford to drive - can't afford the car, can't afford the insurance, can't afford the repair.
I see they are using the Apple approach - make it so expensive to repair that you just buy a new one.
I'll stick with my 1999 Toyota Camry
The virtue signaling EV turds get their comeuppance...
I will stick to my combustion engine vehicles, thank you very much.
SUCKERS
Buy a Hyundai, expect these problems.
and canada wants dealerships to only sell EVs by 2035 or else they will be fined.... the tech is not ready yet ...(20% by 2026 and 60% by 2030)...
Looks like the Hyundia IONIQ 5 will be remembered as the 2023 Pinto
Would Kyle buy another Hyundai again? Fool me once, shame on you...
😮🙄😬🤔😓
With this prices, it means that if I want a car without battery they will give me one for free and 1000 dollars cash...
new electric car owners are 2 digit iq
Thank you Hyundai, you've given people yet another reason not to buy an electric car 👏👏👏
I have a serious Problem with this quote the Dealer gave, does any one else notice the list and net price of the Battery pack? List and net price of the battery pack is $6649.98, where in the heck does the $50.000 dollars come? from that dealership is Price gouging or someone made a serious Typo or clerical error on the quote. it clearly says Net price is $6649.98 so does the list price. the dealership is %100 to blame and Hyundai Canada should have looked at that and fired who ever made a huge mistake like that. also just looked up that part # its only $6345.78 brand new straight from Hyundai Parts.
Rip off
Hyundais and Kias are such shit brands... all their cars have some defect.  GDI engines Theta II, Nu.. lack of immobilizers leading to all the car thefts/carjackings..  3 of my friends had their cars die on the road (Sonata, Sonata Hybrid, Kia Optima). All moved to other brands.
I drive a prius..Love it
I hope you Leftie voters understand, this is all part of the plan. Driving will be the exclusive domain of the ultra rich, and that's the point.
Clickbait cr@p paid for by the desperate oil industry as their 'kill the planet' cars stop selling
Now 2 weeks later and as I watched this video, 3 adds came up FOR HYUNDAI CARS!!! ?????
hyundai canada should have looked at this scratch themselves.  They should have confirmed whether this minor impact has in fact compromised the battery.    If that scratch truly compromised the battery they probably need to redesign their car.  After this happened, how could the customer ever buy another Hyundai EV, even with a discount? The price is 60K canadian, which is (higher) than the price of a Tesla.  This is a deal breaker issue for their EV customers.  Even a 2% risk of this happening is a deal breaker issue for potential customers. You have to buy the vehicle which does not seem to have this risk.  This issue is interesting because it points out a communication gap between dealers and manufacturers, a weakness in the design of the Hyundai EV (and potentially other EVs), and a huge pitfall for potential EV buyers.  It also kind of looks like the grim reaper is standing in the future of Hyundai's EV business model, at least based on its current design.  And all this is not just about liability.  If the battery really is compromised then the result could involve burning to death in your vehicle, so yes this is about as serious an issue as there is.    The way motormouth framed this is entirely wrong, and in fact the way they framed it implicates their credibility.  The issue is not whether kyle should have bought another EV.  The issue is whether kyle should have bought another Hyundai EV.  The Hyundai EV has a design flaw that I suspect is just entirely absent from the vast majority of EVs.  The Ford Pinto's fuel tank issue did not imply that all gasoline vehicles were unsafe at any speed, any more than the Hyundai's design flaw implies that all EVs are prone to battery replacement issues from minor road mishaps.
this is what the world needs
I wonder when people will understand that there is not much there is for the people / customers. Did you check how many children's bodies were in the luggage compartment? I think if the EV companies told that people's children have to work in dangerous conditions before they can buy an EV. Or they have to drive around with a kartaver in the car. Fo I am sure that VERY few will accept one of the two choices. And thus take responsibility for what they do by buying an EV,  Furthermore, there is no such thing as Zero pollution. Everything has to be produced AND a lot of electricity comes from brædsel's fired power plants. Wind and sun will NEVER be able to supply the necessary power.  By the way: I have never understood 'green' power. I have had shocks several times. But never seen that electricity has color. Sooooooo how can people know that they are factually doing anything good for themselves or anyone at all.  So congratulations on getting wiser - hopefully.
60,000.00 Canadian Dollar equals 45,367.74 United States Dollar
this is insane. keep your eV cars.
There is nothing wrong with that battery, its just Hyundai´s way to wipe their hands if this car should ever get in a wreck and catch fire, then they can blame it on this incident, sadly we as consumer cant do jack sh.., bc countries and goverments just accepts this, bc these cars are  sooo environmentally friendly. The least thing they could do was to take of the protective cover and inspect it to see if there was any damage. Same batteries in this car are the same ones that are in your Dewalt, milwakee, bosch and so on products, thank god we never drop those things, if they are ticking time bombs, lol I would say get a good lawer and sue their a$$ off!!!
So let me get this straight. I’m just trying to make sure I got this. This gentleman was told that because his battery pack receives a scratch that it may explode. How is it legal to have that car on the road if you take a bump and there is a possibility that you will now have liability, if the battery explodes, why is the battery exploding? Why do we have a vehicle on the road that has even the possibility of an explosion if we had a speed bump too fast I mean what is what is going on what is the guy even talking about there needs to be large involved. People people need to sue. This is a big deal Like you cannot have a car on the road that all you have a scratch and there’s no way to Tel there’s no way to tell us the dealership told him the amount of lying and incompetence in this and it’s very scary and I feel very bad for this gentleman and to be honest with you. This is why I was not be buying an electric electric vehicle, all of these bugs are worked out
What about damages done by rodents to the electric system. I live in France and my car dealer sells anti rodents sprays to use every month. Our car insurances don’t over any damage of that kind. It could cost thousands of euros.
lol, this is what people are finding out now replacing 10yr old batteries in Teslas
NOT environmentally friendly , NOT cheap to run , NOT long lived , NOT cheap to insure , NOT a fire hazard 😂, NOT any good for towing , NOT A GOOD IDEA ! "Most Doctors smoke camel , for its smooth mellow flavour" ! (1950s ad. ) "Truly liberated women smoke " ! (1920s ad)  "People drinking expensive bottled water , save money with new plastic bottles" ! (1997 TV news)" Buying new cleaner diesel cars is better for the environment than petrol ones" ! (Tony Blair ex British prime minister). "We're[UK] going Net 0 by 2050" Boris Johnson ---- WEF UN EU Globalist climate crisis hoax , shills !
So if the car costs new just under 60K which part of the car is for free? The battery or the car without the battery? Because my math says the car should cost new closer to a 100k. Or is it a "but wait, if you call now" kinda deal😂😂😂😂
That's why you buy a good petrol or diesel powered car 😉
This is why I still use my 1786 wagon
Hahahaha!!!
Why go through this stress? Dont play their stupid games-vote with your wallet and dont but an ev/Korean car...
This is global lie, while Trudeau want to end all petrol car and end natural gas for heating our homes. People need to wake up, battery technology will not get cheaper, too many rare metals from China. They are not clean cars, they divert the pollution.
Buying a Kia or Hyundai in 2023 and beyond is wild to me. EV or not. KIA boyz gonna steal it or attempt to steal it.
And this is why most people will never buy EVs.
So, does the battery not work? There was no mention of that in your report…is it drivable or not?
Kyle is dumb
His mistake for even buying one literally if you buy one you are a sheep believing you will save money or save the environment 🤣 my 02 cavalier is going on 260,000 miles on original engine,  to replace the engine it's maybe 5k and 1000 to do it myself saving me more money for traveling the world
How can the battery cost more? How do they build the car for 55k then?
the production of an EV vehicle imposes a bigger carbon footprint then the life span of any fossil fuel vehicle
This just says that Nio battery swap stations is the choice for us Canadian.
It is a huge scam...
This will cost Hyundai big in future!!!
EV’s  🤦🏻‍♂️
The reason why Tesla can pull off electric vehicles is because they are a tech/engineering company who happens to make vehicles. Everyone else are vehicle manufacturing companies trying to be tech companies.
EV deal is a sham right now. It does not save you $.
Wake up people, us conspiracy theorist told yall climate , electric, windgens was all a scam an now your going to start getting it, wait till you experience car insurance and house insurance liabilitys !!! cos electric fires
that's call a robbery... Electric cars just a big scam.. avoid them everybody
Call Rich Rebuilds.  He will fix it. EVs are a scam. Duhh! 😂
That's quite amusing – the Ioniq 5 in Taiwan doesn't even have Chinese language support in its system until the latter half of 2023. What's even more ironic is that earlier purchases can't be upgraded. Quite a ludicrous situation!
How can the battery of the car cost more than the car brand new?
Only stupid will buy Hyundai and Kia !
If you don't buy an EV, you won't need to worry about this.
Something os wrong with that invoice , the mathematical figures doesn't add up, stop the video and take a look🤔 however the dialogue between all parties involved took another turn base on mist representation or incompetence 🤔 if there is a typo on the invoice  those reportingthe the story missed it .
Hyundai did such an excellent job to build their name and make so many good cars in the last decade, but at the same time they're ruining it with these instances, not to mention the whole Hyundai/Kia theft due to them cheaping out on immobilizers. Their cars can be stolen within a minute without any special tools.
3:55,what should have happened here .... he should have just bought a Tesla instead of buying a Hyundai
The battery 🔋 was charged with assault & battery
Should have retained ownership & just buy back the car for 10-15% salvage value & go buy a used battery unit from a wrecked Hyundai iconic 5
Electric cars are THE biggest 'Trojan horse' Klaus Schwab and his satanic group of friends at the WEF has ever come up with. Mind blowing how many naive people fell for the 'save the environment' narrative. There is a lot of dangerously gullible and stupid people in the world, which is what gives the WEF satanists power.
All EV’s run the risk of self combusting . Buy one - travel in one,  at your own risk. I certainly won’t be doing so
I hope Hyundai will correct this situation and clear his insurance history. The least they can do. Thanks Kyle for going public on this horrendous predicament Hyundai have placed you on
That’s quite an admission from Hyundai that the battery is liable to explode. Take note: a risk every EV owner runs!  And one wonders exactly who will now inherit this one year old car ?? This is clearly a scam
•____• a new engine for my car is 5000 dollars.   It’s a high performance turbo charged engine.  What am I missing here.
PROBABLY THEY USED LOWEST QUALITY BATTERIES 🪫 AND NOW AS THEY IMPROVED THE QUALITY BATTERY 🔋 COST 💰💰MORE MUCH MORE!!! 😡. DONT BUY ELECTRIC ⚡️ 🚘 AUTOS IS A WASTE OF MONEY 💰 AND HEAD 🤖 AIDS 🤕.
They are like the VCR was. Disposable. Cheaper to throw away than fix.
Hyundai immediately need to get involved...If they cared they'd fix this. Currently own a Hyundai EV in future will not buy Hyundai!
Is it me or does the invoice not add up? To me the battery price is $6649.98 not $56, 649.98. I think $6649.98 is more realistic for a battery price. A tesla Model 3 replacement is $13,000. I think the invoice math is messed up.
Don't buy electric, end of 🤷‍♂️
If they believe they are saving the environment, they are extremely gullible.
i wouldnt buy a EV ever!
This EV cars look like a huge scam :))
With 60000 usd you can buy 2 brand new Dacia Dusters 4x4 :)))
All EVs are virtue signalling pos's that have nothing to do with saving the nature or climate or whatever their so called reasoning is for shilling for them.
With price like these, it won’t be long that indépendant company will fill that void and put reasonable price battery on the market just like other spare parts in the market today.
Get a hybrid Toyota and don't worry about any of this nonsense.
Did anyone else notice that the list and net price are the same except theres no 5 in front only 6649.98 am i missing something
If u were dumb enough to fall into the EV   BS , oh well too bad so sad.
Very economical car... Not. Laptop on wheels for three years 😂
So,glad the green new scam is over, fossil fuels produce 90% of all electricity 😮
That guy must at first study more English, after that he can solve problems in Canada
So who gets the “totalled vehicle? Will the insurance company sell it for parts. Will the battery be recycled or inspected and then resold? Why can’t the owner just keep driving the car?… just don’t park it in your garage.
60,000 (45,305.93 USD) ?, I can buy new gas powered car for that amount. I would never buy a e.v. car.
Not the first time I heard of this.  This weekend I pulled a Ford  EV that showed massive damage to the battery protector plate, just from the impact of snow and rocks on it. The gov't wants to force us buy this crap??
Lesson here... when you bottom out your electric car just pretend like nothing happened and feign ignorance when it burns to the ground and takes out everything around it. 🤣
Like when owning a paper printer.  Printers are lower cost than the replacement ink
Good old gas wins again
This guy is crazy keep debating if is buying another electric car that's crazy
Never trust the Stealerships fully... i had the one i bought my car from try and gaslight me into believing an open issue i was experiencing didn't have a service bulletin out when it did... went elsewhere and got it fixed...  the feds want to force us into these nightmare scenarios, don't get an EV...
The best way to go is to STOP BUYING EV..........F*********K ALL THE GORVERMENT MANDATED ABOUT  ELECTRIC CAR
It’s a shame that the dealers screw up the brand names and don’t care about customer service, but only care about the bottom line and screw everyone else! Same for the insurance companies they will always look for the cheapest option and screw the customer by overcharging you when you file a claim! The consumer is rarely the winner 😢
So this Honda and bmw are coming out just like Tesla EV’s wow lol what happened to your original vehicle you owned that was the money saver then anything these things are garbage 🗑️ your normal car of truck are the best thing to have….
Great job guys !!!!
Hyundai should give him a new car
Hyundai should have way more control of their dealers behaviors
This is the standard cost of battery replacment in any brand. Sure other brands right now are qouting 20 to 30k to replace a battery. But you watch market people on ruble they all say. Sure some mfg are saying 20 to 30k to replace a baattery today but as more people buy EV THAT demand is going to go high an battery cost will more then tripple over the next 5 years. Stop and think how bad all roads an hyw are in Canada and you take Ont. as the  Is capital of road construction and all brand sit so low to the ground entering a constrution zone they have signs saying bumb as you drop off the black top. Know mater how slow you do that  Transition low riding cars at a crawl hit bottom  .. witch will make battery damage a comon thing. Everyone thinks these batteriers can be  Recycled and there's even a place you can pay to ship your battery that claims they recycle them but if you take a look at these addresses they have piles of these batteries stacked up in a field PERIOD there's Nothing in these batteries to recycle Bottom line ev's are fireworks on the environment
Hyundai could have looked at the battery sent a warranty officer to look at the car. This is a massive failure on that dealership who should have thier practices looked at. This is a massive failure
I would have called a lawyer immediately and asked for an accident investigator
Just buy a compact gas car for 1/2 the price with no headaches
Carbon footprint brought down alright. Bicycles for everyone.
Car that is barely a year old needs a new battery due to a scratch and half of east Europe still drives 200.000+ mile diesels that went through hell and will last for at least 10, 20 more years, fuck the EV scam. Not to mention the toxic process of getting the lithium these batteries are made from in the first place, which the EV fanboys conveniently skip.
Is this the one with 15mm dint in the battery sheild  what did he hit?
typical dealership scare tactics, that's the main reason I don't buy Hyundai/KIa because they cut corners.. the protective cover for the battery is the most important part of the battery, if it explodes because it's a subpar material then the automaker is liable for this design.
I'd feel bad for you, but all the reasonable people have voiced their concerns over ev's and you purchased one anyway. So...that's on you.
I think there should be a typing error in the invoice. I see a 'net' figure for 'Battery' of  6649.98 but under 'amount' it becomes 56,649.98. Labour remains 1,599.50. Obviously that should be an error, or I may be missing something.
that is the HYUNDAI / KIA dealership EXPERIENCE for you.....
That PR response is a load of bullshit. What's there to evaluate and think about? You guys are asking more for a battery pack than for a whole vehicle. Does that mean that you sell vehicles at a loss?
Just your typical greed motivated Canadian Double talking insurance company,  double talking services and double talking retail schemers in action.  Now Kyle can get milked for more and more forever.  very typical
Head office sounds like some Marxists system. LOL
Sadly this is the issue with battery cars theyre more expensive to fix than gas cars are and batteries are the worst to replace compared to a engine swap
Long story short, don’t buy from Hyundai.
Don’t buy piece of shit Hyundais of Kia’s
This is crazy!!
Rubbish cars!
The 55k new car price is INCLUDED the government grants, batteries or parts are excluded from grants. Long story short.
Disgusting practice from Hyundai shame of them AND on the insurance company !!
Apple charges $1000 to replace a ceramic capacitor worth $0.001, more than the price of a new laptop.
There are, indeed, "all sorts of reasons", why people opt for EVs over ICE vehicles. Not all of those "reasons" are to do with a purported "climate emergency". Many are more (shall we say) to do with 'human nature'. This is the same 'human nature' which enabled ALL politicians (not just Canada's 'top man'!) to exploit all of us, during their covid release. They are doing so now!
Thank you for clarifying that EVs are not environmentally freindly costs more to make, and now the battery at 60k
Never trust a dealership. They aren’t there to help you
Kyle has too much free time on his hands if he took the car to the dealership because he might have hit something lol 😂 Kyle should have just went about his business and kept driving his car. Instead a perfectly fine car was totaled and now his insurance has gone up
This is almost word for word the exact same situation that a coworker of mine had with her Ford Mach-E in Washington State. Ran over a receiver hitch assembly that had fallen off a pickup. Scarred up the battery protection cage and the car was totaled by the insurance company even though it did not show any other signs of damage. No one (dealers or car repair shops) was willing to inspect or attempt repairs due to the cost and liability. She was the very proud owner of an EV, but this and other issues she had have soured her enthusiasm for EV's.
There was one of these ioniuq cars (a Hyundai) thats been sitting in a parking lot near where I work.  It's been there for over 5 weeks now and I'm really curious on why it hasn't been moved lol...
I think people are missing the point here....Hyundai or car dealerships are going to do whatever they can to not be liable. The batteries are not sectioned off one another for easy change because it would be costly for them to figure that out. Laws need to be passed for all car companies to play with the same rules when it comes to batteries
No mention of the fires this go round but I'm sure you are aware of that issue as well. The proof that this push for EV's only is impractical and down right stupid is starting to mount up.
I will NEVER buy a Hyundai !!
Boycott battery-powered vehicles. It's all a scam. It doesn't help the environment. They catch on 🔥 if it's in your garage it will burn your house down . Don't be a kyle 😅
The insurance point is moot. He hit something, and whether or not it was his fault, if he files a claim, the insurance goes up. The dollar amount of the claim is irrelevant, had he simply gotten a dent in the door or knocked off a mirror, the effect on his insurance rates would be the same. On the other hand, if insurance companies are going to have to write off 5 figure amounts on electric cars with battery problems, they will stop insuring them. If people can't get their new electric cars insured, they won't buy them.
I just love my gasoline engine car...I can refill anytime, almost anywhere and rely on maintenance. All I need now is a good old school cassete player and I'll drive into the sunset "Running against the wind"🙂
The idiot gets what he deserves for buying an EV to begin with
Are these replacement batteries available in quantity in the USA?  What is the estimated turnaround time from, “Oh I need a new battery” to delivery back to the customer?
What a crappy car if a likely scenario, like running over debris, can render your car a dangerous fire hazard. But the lesson here is that the particular dealership did a terrible job of assessing the damage.
Looks like typo in "AMOUNT" field. "LIST" and "NET" has same value of 6649.98, then suddenly AMOUNT has 56649.98, which is same number just 5 added in the beginning. 5 and 6 are close together, it is easy to press them together by accident.
Rip off
Bro listening to these peoples first world problems is hilarious
The automotive industry is full of horror stories.  What makes this horror story worthy of greater attention is the larger issue of consumer acceptance of EVs.  Adoption of this new technology will struggle if consumers come to believe EVs are vulnerable to catastrophic damage as a result of normal road hazards.
Ok so, if the car runs and drives fine, not malfunctioning, why not just ignore the scratches and keep driving the car?  Or sell it if you're worried about the car?
I read that the battery is not stocked so they had to ship a battery from Korea. And they are extremely heavy so probably come on a boat. Carbon footprint is a scam anyway.
This is dealership fraud to me. They want that car to change battery at cost. Resell the car a print money. That or a quiet government order. Also possible employee is scalping the car from scrap process.
No EV cars for me for sure.
My advice is don’t buy an EV.    They are not green, the Lithium and Colbolt are toxic.    Then there’s the child labour that’s used to mine the Lithium in places like the Congo.    Then there’s the fact that EV batteries can and have gone into Thermal Runway all over the world which is polluting and highly dangerous to human and animals, also they can reach temperatures of up to 5000 degrees.
Yep, everything is getting more and more expensive. Just look at these to boobs, they are so strapped for cash they couldn't afford a studio so they had to film their video from their car.
That’s what you get for falling for EV crap. Sad.
I can’t believe the number of idiots that are claiming the invoice is a typo. You obviously have no idea how pricing and invoicing works. The list price is $56,649.98. These invoices are not manually entered, it is all computer generated, meaning the list and net price columns are not wide enough to print such a high amount, therefore the 5 in the front is not printed due to the layout of the invoice. I worked in the automotive parts departments for over 30 years, and there is absolutely no way of missprinting prices on invoices. Before you all go off saying the invoices are created manually and it’s just human error, go to a car dealership parts department or anywhere that prints invoices, and look for yourself before making a fool of yourselves on this type of world wide media.
Like second smoke the to Cigarettes  that before the court ordered cost Place on Cigarettes today with all the Fed Court ordered cost Cigarettes  are now $11 . Without these coast Cigarettes $3. The climate Change Wacko's which have convinced her world EV cars are a must They should be the ones pay the coast of these cars as they see not cost effective. And they pollute just as much . Instead of and exhaustive they pollute far a way where the power plant is.over. Over all yhe car is an overvprice cellbphone.they arevthrow away cars as once the battery Chassis will only charge 80% the have little to no value. Make lefestist pay for these duds and watch them disppear
If this happens in canada, i can't imagine what will happen in latin america 😮
One problem with figuring replacement costs will be the probability that the cost of a battery will increase, the opposite of the manufacturer’s estimate.  Competition for materials and obsolescence may make them cost more.  Batteries cannot be stockpiled like engines because they have a shelf life, so the supply chain depends upon a continuity of production and use.
Won't be buying a EV ever.
I think if Hyundai wants to do business in North America we need to bring up standards that protect the construction of the battery and it safety and hold them liable under a law for crap build batteries in EV.
It’s called a protection plate for a reason so can’t that just be replaced ? Of coarse not because they want to make money out of customer , use strain or a bus so much cheaper
EV dealers smelling like rats, i'll stick to my petrol car
we were quoted 20,000usd to replace a battery on a  hybrid lexus  rx350.... and that hybrids wont run with a bad battery.. the  engine  cant  move the  car.. so we  didnt  buy it
may I ask why is there a *protection cover* if the whole battery needs to be replaced after a scratch on the cover?!
This is why i will keep my gas vehicles.
For $60k, I could buy a used Porche... And then get another used Porche as a parts car for it....
Hyundai was on my list of cars to buy but no dealer would sell us one without a markup....  Which was a miserable experience, but now I'll never buy one period.  It's obvious they don't stand by their product.
So basically, he bought a battery, and the rest of the car was free?
Bought an EV for fuel savings and made up for it in an increased insurance premium. Bad return on investment
The big problem that’s identified here is the cost of vehicle parts. This is true regardless if you’re buying an ICE vehicle or electric. If you bought an $60k ICE vehicle for example, and were to build that exact same care entirely from parts, your cost (without labour) would likely be in around $200-300k. As someone who’s done my own repairs on ICE vehicles, that cost inflation is not far from what I’ve experienced in over 40 years across multiple manufacturers.  There is no way a $56k (actual cost) battery in a vehicle that costs $60k means the remaining parts only cost $4k. Consider what those remaining parts are, and go with your wildest underestimation of those costs and you won’t come up with $4 k remaining unless you’re sniffing glue. How about a $10k motor and $8k transmission on a car bought for $26k? Sure, the battery cost highlights the issue even more because it is a much greater cost proportionally, as we scramble to adjust the supply to meet the demand in the current market. It doesn’t change that the issue is the over-inflated parts cost.  I realize there can be costs that inflate that individual part cost, but you cannot be considered “reasonable” to have the sort of inflation we see.  In part the issue has been highlighted here - the fact dealerships are NOT the manufacturer themselves, but effectively retailers who mark up parts costs from the manufacturer. That markup is often in around or in excess of 100%. It is what pays for those shiny, snazzy new buildings. It’s a cash cow for someone, clearly.
Based on this story, purchasing the Hyundai Ioniq 5 is effectively buying a large battery with a free car attached.  Utterly ridiculous that such seemingly minor damage can write off a brand new EV.   Another reason among many why EVs will never be a viable replacement for internal combustion.
Yep, I'm not going EV any time soon anymore. And I was thinking of getting an EV for my birthday next year. Scratch that now.
.  . Nio battery swapping stations ate the future
Theres this cool new thing called critical thinking. Everyone should try it before bying a car. Especially an EV
Battery protection covers should be designed to protect batteries from all the threats that are typically found on roadways. Obviously the design itself fails to meet its claimed purpose.
Disposable phones, disposable laptops, disposable desktop computers, now we have disposable cars. This is what the manufacturers want. We should be replacing everything every 1-5 years. My father and his generation could tinker with an internal combustion engine, change the fluids when necessary, replace a belt... and keep a car going for 40 years. These days if you so much as raise the hood and look under it you've voided the warranty. And there's no point anyway since everything is electronic. This is NOT how we are going to solve our environmental problems, by creating a disposable world.
spontaneously burst into flames. Huge purchase costs. Huge repair costs. Electric prices going up. Stress of driving when the charging point you chose to drive to doesn't work........ ANSWER: combustion engine vehicles.  They are playing on yr gullibleness to buy one whilst the people who tell you to drive around in big cars, private jets and luxury yatchs. Mugs the lot of you.
So can i buy the Hyundai Ev for $5000 minus the battery
короче, EV - сплошное наебалово  хотя, как игрушка, действительно интересна ;
Buy Tesla -made in America
Here’s a solution  Don’t buy an electric vehicle 😂
Thx for covering that issues. It also became your most viewed video, well deserved.   Shame on H. That a pathetic excuse from both dealership and HQ. These problem were totally predictable.
Don't buy EVs. Simple. I.C.E. for life. 🤟
Don’t buy Hyundai, worthless
Buying an EV is like failing an I.Q.test.
Forget about the battery replacement cost, try to trade in or sell your Hyundai EV with perfect condition, it worth nothing! You are lucky if you can get more $20k with a 1 year old EV
This is just another example of ev cars being junk
Why would you 1st world countries peeps buy hyundai & kia ? Don't you guys have brains?
This shocking and I'm so pleased you are making it public. I hope there is a positive outcome. The route  of this is the failure of Governments at the outset of EVs. There should have been worldwide collaboration. Batteries should have been mandated to be standard. Valuable company resources from cross company teams could then work for everyone's benefit to improve the standard design. The mandate should also state that new designs have to be designed for retrofit. The resulting much larger volume of this single unit would bring the unit cost down massively. It would make remanufacture core to the spares market. Competition between OE and specialist reman companies would benefit the consumer as well. All this failed to happen.
It doesn’t even matter if they checked it for real dmg or not…………..lots of people in the comments are missing the biggest problem. It cost more to replace the battery than the cost of the car………….
I think the only sound advice when it comes to Evie's after this is do not buy.
That s why you just stick to  normal cars at least until 2050 :))))
You need to pick a better service center. Sounds like you get pushed into paying too much all the time and are just used too it. Your ideas of normal costs are far more then ive ever seen or heard of payed. I'm guessing the mechanic sees you coming and the lottery wheel settles on big payout. Think im kidding? Needed transmission for Town and country shes out of warranty now. So it would be $6000 total labor with a  base Oem factory rebuilt transmission, reuse original torq converter. I talk to service manager ,we find and order a Mopar/Chrysler performance, Heavy Duty, BRAND "NEW" transmission, with a matched NEW torque converter, with installation, TOTAL $5600.  Wait wut? scratches head...$400 less for a 500hp transmission? So a OEM rebuilt weak azz 200HP transmission is $5000, and a brand new crated Heavy Duty transmission from Mopar factory, with Torq Conv,... is the same as OEM dealer price lolz ?????   HA HA BWA HA HA HA   WTH Chrysler!!!???   All I had to do was ask. And now I have a transmission that can handle this beast when towing. (it went thru 4 transmissions under warranty. Even with a giant cooler and fan added.
BEVs are a scam!
This is one ridiculous business practice. And they still project as environmentally friendly.😔
Teslas are gayyyy
I can’t understand why these people are complaining and spread misinformation about ev vehicles . These people are trying to kill the future babies
Hyundai didn't really answer the question.  Oh papa, run run run run run run away from Hyundai.
Anyone that buys an EV is a moron
With Canadian super high insurance prices, liability with EV fires, and battery prices in general, sounds as if they don't want people driving, anymore.
first problem.. u bought a Hyundai lmao terrible make of car.. but after listening to this they are also a terrible company.. scratches at the bottom of your car voids warranty? what is the job of a scrape plate at the bottom of a car? hint!! answers in the name..  iv also never seen a undercarriage of a car more then a year old that didn't have tons of undercarriage scrapes.. totally a scam by this company
It sounds like the insurance company is the bad actor here (after poor design from Hyundai) by rushing the owner into a decision that's financially bad for him, then taking the car such that it can't be reviewed by the car company. But overall it makes it clear that Hyundai EVs aren't a smart choice for a car buyer.
As per hyundai, the complete metal body, interior, tyres, suspension etc comes for free and you are only paying for the battery when buying a new car.
It was the liberals in Canada and US that support EV cars. Vote conservative and cancel all EV cars. To hell with the environment. Climate change is all BS anyway It takes coal to produce electricity mostly you're still polluting the environment to charge these EVs not to mention all the mining they have to do for these rare minerals for batteries.
If the car is 55k brand new how can the battery only cost 56k
Stop buying Hyundai products- they're mostly all interior flash with both poorly designed and low quality guts.
yet another reason not to buy an EV at this time.  Thanks for the heads up.
Kyle, You may as well get a Rolls Royce Spectre.
power of social media. 1 wrong case can cause a wild fire to make these big players to pay attention to consumers.
STOP focusing on the price. This is a design issue in a failure to design an effective skid plate. They designed the vehicle with the battery in a vulnerable location without proper protection from road conditions that normally exist where this vehicle is intended to be driven. This is a design issue.  Hyundai fail.
This is all a scam. You start over analyzing things you get screwed. Kyle should have driven his perfectly normal car.
ok, EV not worth it....
DO NOT BUY a battery electric car...resale value is worthless and battery replacements are insane, regardless of model..
Battery protection cover , it's supposed to protect the battery. Even the dealership should have opened that cover ,do the proper tests and then quote , but from what Kyle said, they opened and said he'd be liable if any fire causes in future,i highly doubt they opened it nor they had done any tests. Seems like the dealership gonna resell that ioniq. Something seems fishy in this case and tbh Hyundai's aftersales seems to suck big time!
it's no surprise they went with this diagnosis...  If they'd go ahead and tell you "everything is fine, just replace the cover" and the battery goes up in flames later on...?  It's the same with every battery device.... as soon as there's indications the battery took a hit... even if it's indirect.. warranty is void.  The battery price for these cars.. a whole other story...
NEVER buy an EV
🤣🤣🤣 What a joke! Keep buying those electric cars, I’ll stick with my 8 cylinder gas engine. 🤣🤣🤣
People who buy EVs should know better. No sympathy from me.
I'll consider buying an EV in about a 100 years ...... maybe.
as a gas engine guy.  i've replaced many over the years.  plastic covers 0.  curbs many.  200ish more in production metal skid plate and it is a non issue.
I would stay away from these EV's for a while.
If you believe this is representative of a typical part of EV ownership, think again. Just salacious sensationalism of a bungled customer service exchange. I think the repair/replacement will end up happening under warranty or a "special" deal.  The manufacturer cant afford a bad outcome for its customer.
Bullshit clickbait article The move to EV is inevitable and despite the negative media if you do your research it's increasing globally at a rapid rate
very bad and scary commercial for electric cars/autos
I have an ebike. After 3-6 years one should change the battery. But many people prefer to buy a new ebike. Very inofficient.
Money grab. Dealer ship trying to make money.
I was really like the Ioniq5, almost push the button to get one. Always feel there is a catch, and this story proof it. Thank you guys for the news! I'm staying with my corolla! Good JOB Hyundai
All a big scam I would never buy an electric car.
We need more electric shit you morrons
Hyundai is already taking a bath for millions of cars a kid can steal and now their EVs are overpriced loss leaders the owners cannot afford to fix. For a company that wanted to compete with Honda and Toyota, they have tanked quite rapidly. Epic fail.
And they say EV is better because of less parts. 😂
Buy a Toyota. Buy a Toyota. Buy a Toyota.
This is nothing. Tesla is worse. If you get your windows tinted at a shop and not by Tesla,  Tesla will void the entire car’s warranty also.
I understand ridiculous markups on fasteners, brackets and such, but to apply that level of markup to a very major component is madness, and no matter how much the oem squirms, they'll never be able to justify it.
Thank you
This guy still wants an EV after all of this BS? LOL..not much hope for him... My friends have a Prius, dual fuel.. It was really cheap to drive until the battery went out.. all savings lost.. battery cost $2,000
All these new cars that have switched to electric don’t have the capabilities that Tesla has just like iPhone versus android
They have no idea how to fix their vehicles. It's not a factory trained technician.  It's some kid fresh off high school who's learning at a low wage, has no idea what the product is, and it won't even be fixed right.  Dealers are incompetent, greedy and it's catching up to them.   But I absolutely love all this liberal wokie shit fall apart in front ot their own eyes.
My 2000 3rd Gen 4Runner LTD looks better, and better every day.
Producers are already making far more EV's than the market is ready to swallow, and then, as the icing on the cake, they combine this with terrible after sale policies and lousy PR that gets shared and liked on the social media.... Well done car industry, THAT is exactly what is needed to increase the popularity of EV's and insure a hefty Return On Investemnt. Really ! Clap clap clap clap !!!
Hyundai doesn't manufacture these batteries here they are made and shipped from Korea, hence the outrageous costs, stick to gas engines at least for the near future
Another reason why I'm not ready for an EV, even though I'd love to own one. Now is not the time.
Oh well now I appreciate Tesla due to I ran a wood block on the freeway before that hit the battery then a couple days i have issues on the the battery and I told to Tesla what happened when they lift the car there’s a big dent on the battery and they replaced the batteries with the warranty plus I have a Tesla insurance too 👍
It's all a scam.. people need to ask questions about when the batteries are used up ,what happens too them ?? Imagine junkyard full of these explosive devices.. here my words there is no good outcome from ev for us or the environment
Best advice - Don’t purchase an EV.  Make your life easier.
Buy combustion engines
The moral of the story is don't buy an electric vehicle... bellend! 😂
I actually had a small wait-list deposit ($100) on the Chevy Equinox EV. It was supposed to start at 42K CAD for the base model, and I get 5K federal and 7K provincial rebate. Now, they say it's going to be 50K CAD.   Note that the rebate is AFTER sales taxes (15%), and to get the mid-trim with AWD (58.5K CAD), it would be 55K CAD after taxes and rebates. A Mazda CX-30 GT AWD is 43K CAD after taxes.   Now, I ran the numbers, charging at home will save me about $870\year on fuel and maintenance, but insurance is $500 more than what I pay now.  So, in order for me to break even, I need that $370 I save every year to cover the 12K CAD difference in price between the two cars. That will take me 32 YEARS!
I'm a car guy. I've bought and sold over 70. My focus has always been engineering, so I've always avoided Korean made cars.
British Columbia?  Your not British or in Columbia. You speak french in parts of Canada. Call it french Canada. 😂😂
I don't know....am I missing something from the view of the invoice for the battery cost and labor cost? The repair inovice lists the order number as = 1 , the part number as 3750-GI351; the description as Battery Sy; List Price as 6649.98; the net price as 6649.98 yet the AMOUNT is shown as 56,649.98.  How did they get to 56,649.98 if they ordered one part listed at 6649.98?  No multiple of 6649.98 yields 56,649.98.....
IMO:  The batteries in electric cars are individual and joined together to create the whole pack.  Most ev batteries can be repaired, by replacing bad cells.  Looking at the pictures you showed, it looks like there is a lot of space between the cover, and the batteries. I smell a scam! Also, what kind of cover has so little protective ability that it collapses at all, if it is designed  to protect a 60,000.00 battery.  I would sue the company for selling me a vehicle that was not designed to protect the most expensive part in the car!
Wait a second... What about option #3: Don't go through insurance, don't pay the dealership, just keep driving the car.  If it drives just fine, and the battery doesn't have any issues, why bother?
I was thinking about getting a ioniq instead of a Tesla until i saw this video. Thanks.
Can’t say i’m surprised. I said from the start that hyundai has always had electrical issues with the lights on their normal cars 😂 on top of all the motor issues. Why in the name of all that’s holy would you expect them to do a good job on an electric car 😂😂😂😂😂 shits hilarious
So when you buy that car, you basically buy a battery that comes in a car? and if it goes bad, instead of replacing it you scrap it?  VW do your synthetic fuel, Toyota figure out hydrogen, and we can say f to this EV BS
Stay away from EVs, far away.
EVs do more environmental damage than gas powered vehicles.
That's the problem with EV's. The battery is the most expensive part of it and the majority of the cost. So if you have to replace it you have to pay for the expensive battery and the labor costs involved. The labor costs just to inspect the battery I'm sure are very high. This is why used EV's and hybrids are an insanely huge risk and just not worth their price because the chance of having to replace the battery becomes very high with the age of the battery. They are gonna need to start putting more/better protection for the battery if a scratch is gonna deem it unsafe. And if you buy a used hybrid/EV I would plan a battery replacement in your budget for the future, in reality EV's and hybrid vehicles should lose a lot of value with time because of the battery and people should only get one if they hope to keep it long term
and the rest of the story is the shop orders a battery pack under warrenty and does the replacement and the ins adjuster and shop splits the profit.
What have we learned? NEVER buy a Hyundai 🤣
Not to mention they are very unsafe and very unreliable
Let me get this straight...he doesn' think he hit anything but goes to a bodyshop to have it evaluated?  He obviously knew he hit something. The battery  cost $31,000 USD.  Insurance company will sell that car and then put that money towards the claim. If a battery cost that much it should be better protected than thin aluminum.
I call this a scam.
Wait till gov puts road tax on ev and house insurance goes up because u park car in garage
Wow, it cost me $340 for heavy duty oil Pan transfer case and differential cover for my pickup . Of course, it's I. C. E you guys can keep all that electric c***That's what you get for trying to save the environment.  😂
I'm not shocked by this story. Anyone who has looked at the EV "success" story with a skeptical eye will know exactly what I mean.
Legacy auto makers still lean towards petrol vehicles and hope that incidents like this will scare the majority of those thinking about buying an ev away. Did this vehicle have the BYD Blade battery (which is suppose to be more puncture resistant) or an SK battery?
There was a model of a car in the 80s that had two fuel tanks! Two batteries in a car, one in use, second in charge at the same time, seems to be a good choice. Changing a small defect battery is cheaper than a big one. I recommend asking the manufacturer to replace the battery to new small two batteries for free.
Buy toyota more experience in all EV car than hyundai
I’m scared i have hyundai sonata hybrid i think need to sale it as early i can . Please consumer dont buy hyundai hybrid car . They are not good to treat their consumer really bad for their name. Get some lawyer body…
I'm just as concerned with how ICBC is treating this situation!  10 years of paying double?  When did insurance stop actually covering us?  What are we paying for - a big fee to have our vehicles on the road with zero $$ protection??
I wouldn't buy an EV .    My diesel  car is perfect.
Both of you going back and forth talking is really dumb
It all boils down to potential liability if that vehicle should ever be involved in a battery fire anytime in the future.
Do you love your EV???
Just another example of why EVs should not have permanently installed batteries. Vehicular batteries should be standardized, and stored at service stations, and exchanged as the charge gets used up. Quick change docking ports which would enable rapid exchanges would eliminate the need for delays at charging stations, and slowing down the charging would also stop all the nonsensical overheating which winds up burning up cars. This is just common sense. Fighting the conversion to EVs for general transportation is just one more sign that this era's luddites wish to try to stop progress. Just go with it, and fix the problems caused by greedy people.
Electric cars are a scam.
Sound like dealership was scamming
Real cost of the battery in Korea is around $30.000 USD or $39.800 CAD so as always dealerships charge you double or even more as to what it actually costs in country of manufacture.
What we really need to see is what that inspection hole should look like. If the cover is flexible and in it's original position and shape and the gap to the battery is different then the only reason is the battery has moved.  If the battery has moved than it's taken a sizeable impact, not removing the cover could be a liability thing. Pack's are dangerous and they may not have the equipment to deal with it. Even if they took it off they probably wouldn't see much. But if they cell's had taken a hit and were leaking you'd only know about it when the fireball happens.  Why was the car then taken to a bodyshop and not to the dealer for the battery replacement ? The high cost of the battery comes from the bodyshop markup and not hyundai. You say many times it has a part number. Has anyone gone to a dealer for the price of said part no and not a third party that has a 200% markup?  He hit something, his car was damaged and he made an insurance claim. His insurance should go up.  I do wonder though how many battery covers are going to get scraped by speed humps. It does seem to be sat quite low down.  Edit i did a quick google search the exact part no is 31k, but with a -rm on the end (re manufactured? although listed as new) is 6k. so that 6649 is probably the actual price of the battery and the bodyshop added 56 in front of it for the laughs either for the pay day or not to do the job.
This is why I don't take these electric cars serious. You can't go wrong with a good ole gas vehicle.
Hyundai is gonna leave you Hy-and-drai
Buy a cheap petrol civic...
Carros descartáveis!
Ohh for god sake,60k for battery replacement,....now after watching this i will never buy ev until i die
A PR nightmare for this brand that diminishes the integrity of this model or any other EV manufacturers. The idea that this vehicle has been design to leave a carbon footprint is a joke and the implications that can follow and devastate your finances or insurance after minor damage impact. I was considering purchasing an EV in the future but now seeing this what a mess. Seriously reconsidering the notion of buying such a car. Where’s the logic in all this? It only seems that the  rich can only afford such a vehicle. Thank you for this consumer alert.
Sounds like the dealer should be on the hook to pay his insurance hike for the foreseeable future. At the very least. Also, where is the 3rd party insurance inspector on all this.
thanks to this dealer and insurance hyundai going to lost much more.
I have a 2015 Sonata Hybrid Limited, and the dealer wanted to charge me about $729.00 to replace my 12V battery, and they didn't have one in stock at the time. What really concerned me was that the shop "advisor" was very pushy like a car saleman. My car was not under warranty at the time. So, I went to a local parts store and purchased one for about $224.00. What really disappointed me about the Hyundai experience was the "advisor" told me I had to purchase the battery from the dealer because no one else sells the battery, as though I only had one option. An aftermarket battery for me was just as good for a fraction of the price. She was disappointed I purchased an aftermarket battery for much less. Unfortunately, I never want another Hyundai again due to the cost of their auto parts. And after seeing this video, I'm sure I dont want another Hyundai. Obviously, my experience is different because my vehicle was out of warranty. Thanks!!!
isn't it covered by the ensurance? It is here in Spain
This is just it. Buy a car you can repair yourself or risk subjecting yourself to this bullshit. Car sales today are driven by aftermarket profit. Remember if you own a regular car, your insurance money pay for this.
Anyone familiar with the Nissan Leaf fiasco shouldn't be the least bit surprised by this.
Why does the invoice not look like it makes sense the cost of the battery column says 6649.98 and the labor is 1599? that doesnt add up to 60k who is doing the accounting here?
1) batteries should never be 1/2 or more the cost of the vehicle. 2) the resale value of a used EV is zero if the next owner will be faced with replacing used batteries at a high price. This EV issue is just F'd up.  The batteries DID NOT cost that much when installed at the car manufacturer originally. Not even close.
Some search results show the battery pack costs only 6.000$. Maybe the dealer got the cost wrong?
Ah yes, so green.
This just shows the real price of those EV cars that are being subsidized to get everyone electric. The idea is that if everything is electric it can be networked and what you do and where you go can be monitored. Once they can monitor you in real time they can restrict your access to electricity, and therefore your ability to travel. Once everyone is electric they can then remove the subsidy to restrict further who will have the ability to travel. It is all about control of the masses. Read UN agenda 21 for more details. Control in the name of sustainability.
You couldn't make it up.
Well that came right at time... was about to buy a Hyundai... now i will avoid it. Thx
Tesla arrives at similar premiums when a single cell in a battery pack fails. Never buy an EV, you are setting yourself up for failure
Batteries are a commodity, not a high-margin item. If they cost $60k to replace, that reflects supply constraints and raw material/manufacturing costs. That's $60k for a battery while EVs account for single-digit percentages of car sales. In other words, EVs are not suitable for mass adoption because the economics do not work.
You will own nothing and eat bugs.
Don't buy an EV! Problem solved
Thanks, this is a PR nightmare with too many bureaucrats involved. It's up to us to only buy cars where the battery is repairable and not just replaceable. Hyundai is finished if they continue down this path.  The same goes for cars, where there is no way to reuse the battery at home or elsewhere. Batteries that are completely glued together, individual cell groups of them may be IO, but not the whole battery, Tesla has this planned too. Currently, it seems to me that Ford and VW / Audi are going other ways. We need independent battery repair centers in the future...
Just buy a new car 😅
$60k battery... lol there is no way the economics of EVs are ready to rise above niche status. They are not and may never be ready for 100% adoption, if batteries already cost $60k when they're a small percentage of new car sales. Governments are trying to legislate people out of having personal transport under the cover of "green" policies.
This wants me to get a rusty F150, swap the engine for a two stroke diesel generator, and be happy.
6:52 Well, yes.
There are mechanical, not resettable, peak acceleration indicators. Just put one on the battery pack.  So, just take down the cover  check for dents and read the accelerometer.
Guy will definitely never buy an EV after this either, good shit. Shocking how much torture you can put a normal car through for a normal joe blow to be able to fix it, really puts in perspective how crazy bad EVs are for customers.   People, stop paying for junk.
What a huge scam.
Sorry I can't listen to him talking like that 😥
So, if the part itself excl. labour & tax, is worth more than a new car, how's the Hyundai making money on them? EVs are a subscription not one off payment
So please stop this bullshit, probably they got some money from Tesla to get that video 😂
Electric vehicles area the future eh?😂😂
I don't know how is in other countries, but Where I live Hyundai is giving 7 years warranty on the car.
EVs are a nightmare waiting to happen
Sounds like my dishwasher, a mother board would cost the same as brand new so you basically replace them when they go wrong.
EV’s are a f**king joke……. Glad I live in Texas…. Gas never goes above $2.50 a gallon….
Why couldn't he have just ignored what rhe dealer said and just go-ahead and drive it? That's what I  would have done.
Electric vehicles are just overrated.Normal combustion engine always works for me.
they didn't even quote to replace the cover?    what a scam
This is also a lesson to never involve your insurance company BEFORE getting a quote. What Kyle should have done was get the quote for 60k, accept he could not afford it, and just sell the car back to Hyundai for whatever they would take it for and accept the loss. If it’s worthless and Hyundai won’t buy it, send it to the junkyard. At least he wouldn’t have destroyed his driving record and doubled his insurance costs.
Nothing new - more and more news out of China - Chinese insurers refusing to insure EVs or demanding special levy due to high repair cost or difficulty assessing cost associated with damages due to very limited historical data; unlike gas cars, minor damages on EVs could attract costly repairs due to compromised structural integrity of battery unit
Why is there a hole in the cover? So if something flies into this golf ball sized hole you are screwed? I will never buy one of these scam vehicles.
Spare parts pricing is very high, because of the very high profit margin.  The government is pushing for electric vehicle adoption, the government should put in regulations on repair cost of electric vehicles.  Let the internal combustion engine vehicles continue as long as people need them, not for political reasons.  Are we using carbon tax money collected for EV affordability.  Look at the printer industry, we are buying new printers because of the high cost of   toner replacement parts.  They want people's vote to make things cost more and less affordable.
Wow. What a terrible situation. I own a Ioniq 6 and I'm thinking of selling it since viewing these videos. Now i kimd of understand why so many people avoid Hiunday cars.
I’ll never buy any EV the prices are too high . Unless you can rebuild the battery packs for cheap…Or get a type of battery insurance through icbc .
Thats why I wouldn’t buy a Electric car . Just people getting ripped off ….
buy a turbo diesel
Interesting observation, I believe it was a genuine typo that EVERYONE missed. At 2:49, you can see the order quantity is 1, the list and net price are the same at 6649.98. Then on the amount, a 5 is added infront of the 6649.98 to make it 5   6649.98 -> 56659.98 add the 1,599.50 for the labor, 2912.47 for sales tax, it erroneously added up to 61,161.95! Human error is my observation.
I'd take it to Uncle Rich at Electrified Garage first. Hyundai is full of 💩💩💩.  If the battery was damaged externally like that it would have gone into thermal runaway immediately. They're just trying to rip this guy off.
My takeaway is don't take your car to the dealer for inspection of minor damage.  I would DIY or take it to a local mechanic.  Possibly trade it in.
I Love the idea of electric cars.  Unfortunately this is another example of why they are not financially practical for the average driver. I need to replace my car within the next year it's going to be gas powered.
Propose a solution if you have one, or just shut up and get out of the way. My grandchildren are not going to live in a hellish environment because of people like you.
All old car brands are just a scam but a Tesla and you want need to have this issue and you will never have to deal with dealership, this is a scam from dealership
No way...that is crazy.  Will kill any possible EV sales unless they rectify that.  Especially since the Ioniq 5 doesn't cost $58k itself....can't be the battery is 95% of the MSRP of the vehicle.  That's insane!
Why wouldn't you talk about the ridiculous practice of increasing the cost of insurance, even in the cases when it was absolutely *not* the owner's fault? In my view, that's even bigger problem. If you've accepted this practice as normal, then you should not complain -- soon you'll accept writing off perfectly good cars because they had a few scratches.  P.S. I am pretty much sure the insurance company lost very little on this car, since fun fact -- they do not truly write off cars in most cases, they simply auction them off to buyers in other countries. And if people are willing to buy cars with obvious mechanical damages, they will be delighted to buy a car with no real damage at all!
An eye opener for many so much for electric. Damn battery costs more then the vehicle cost. Shame on Hyundai glad never been associated with them till now and hopefully never ever.
1st of all why is the battery $56000. 2nd they cant reverse that insurance hit even after they resolve the issue/concern that previously happened?
Put a gas engine, and transmission in it for cheaper.  And call it an Hyundai IRONIC.
sounds like insurance fraud.
How do they justify charging 60K for a battery??   One of the many reasons Im not buying an electric car anytime soon
My thing is, why is the insurance company penalizing him for something that wasn’t even his fault?
things like these, is the reason why toyota and some brands are so reluctant to make EVs. battery replacement is finicky and complicated! 😵
The problem is not the insurance,  or the dealership,  the problem is HYUNDAI.... that's why they circle the problem on the hood emblem... Much like Ford did.
Garbage brand
If you look at the invoice The computer system must be using the Canadian system of New maths  The Total is $11.161.95  which is about the correct price to retro fit a new batter Pack on most (depending on the KW size)....Goodness What a Beat-up
If there was nothing wrong with the battery why not keep driving it?
Ridiculous! And tell me how the quote is wrong it’s in a the data base. Also the 2nd case with this nonsense is $62,000 Canadian. Epic fail spin job!
This smells like scam attempt by dealership to me.
Great PR for Hyundai
The body shop invoice said itemization said 6500 for the battery not 60,000.
Yuk.
Wow definitely won't be buying a Hyundai in the future, seems like a scam
Many strata’s are not  longer allowing ev’s in underground parking or garages which are attached or semi attached. Fire departments are revising training and equipment to deal with “runaway” fires caused by ev batteries.   I wish there was a separate insurance category for ev and for exotic/luxury vehicles, the rest of us with average ICE vehicles cost insurance co far far less - we heavily subsidize these other classes. It’s like that for commercial vehicles.
Zac & co you’re ignoring or glossing over a very significant issue. A $60,000 car written off costs all clients of the insurance company $60,000 or close to.   It’s obvious with this and hundreds of other stories that ev’s are not ready for mass use. Perhaps a design flaw but there’s stuff on the road everywhere, and even “damage” from snow/ice will leave noticeable markings like that.
I had a 2011 Hyundai sonata with the infamous theta 2 engine. It had to be rebuilt. I would refuse to buy a Hyundai based on that alone.  I don’t need to see this ridiculous story about their EV cars!  I will never own an EV.
just forget about all the EV techs and vehicles. until they solve this crazy cost of replacement and all other cost, just stick to gasoline vehicles that has been around 100 years. EV is not worth of buying at this time period.
This is a big problem with all hybrid and BEVs. We owned a 2008 Camry hybrid, great car that my wife drove for more than 150,000 miles commuting mainly. Then the battery died in 2017 and we were faced with putting a 5000 USD battery in a car with 160,000 miles. We donated the car to charity and bought an ICE Camry. We feel we got our money's worth in the hybrid, but the fact that it was just fine one second, then simply stopped on the freeway was too big of a fail for us to buy another car with an expensive battery. Since then we have bought a couple more ICE cars/truck and will wait until these types of issues are resolved before we go back.
Many insurance companies are requiring battery replacement to protect them from liability later
Maybe I missed something here.....#1 - ICBC (the insurer) inspected the vehicle and totalled it. Surely they must have removed the battery cover and inspected the battery before arriving at their decision? #2 - it’s not clear if the car was in an accident causing the damage to the underside, or was it impacted by an object on the highway surface. If it was the latter, all Kyle should be paying for is the deductible, and it would not impact his good driver discount. NOTE: In British Columbia Canada, insurance discounts are based on the drivers good driving record and is NOT a no claims discount.
BS
That's why I would never own a full electric vehicle.
EVs are being pushed not for "cleaner" cars - they are pushed as cover for making private cars too expensive for the Working Class.  The law says "driving is a privilege" and insurance is required, and insurance companies are going to subsidize the EV drivers by charging ICE car owners more.  The Ruling Class hates that us peons have the freedom & independence to drive, and this will be the killing blow.
I don't understand this. The car is okay. Just keep driving and ignore the dealership.
So EV very bad for the Environment.
There was a third option here, not mentioned......take it to a third party for an assessment before involving the insurance company to see if there was any damage, if not, go about your business and do nothing, not even worry about that minimal damage that occurred on the cover.
I'm starting to think cars in general aren't the answer any more. It doesn't exactly feel like freedom to me if I'm chained to a $60,000 car, plus insurance, plus traffic, plus these insane costs. I already have a bicycle - maybe it's finally time to switch to it permanently and avoid these scams.  At least if I need to replace a key part it isn't going to cost more than a few bucks! Not $60,000!
Naw something doesn’t add up, if the battery costs more than the car what could possibly justify them releasing a car that loses that kind of money if their protection for the battery breaks so easily knowing it would void the warranty? Someone at some level is running a scam, that or Hyundai had some kind of financial initiative to encourage them to release this car
Most people can’t afford a new car so we buy used Now with ev we can’t afford to buy used
Those scratches look like speedbump scratches. Any car that can't safely negotiate common speedbumps shouldn't be allowed on the road. Kia should replace it for free or be forced to buyback all Ionics ever sold.
I will link this to all the pro EV mutts out there
Hyundai can’t even make an ICE without engine blowing up or transmission going out in their dct and u trust Hyundai with an EV?
There's almost certainly nothing actually wrong with this car. Just forget it and keep driving it. Jeez.
People saying oh well he has insurance must have never had a car totaled by the insurance company before. The insurance company doesn’t give you a check for what you paid for the car because they totaled it, they give you what they value the car at and most of the time they value it at less than what you owe still, so even if they total it you might still owe the difference to the bank (if you don’t have gap insurance) and higher premiums going forward 🤦🏿‍♂️it’s a sorry situation.
or just dont buy a EV car simple
I will never buy an EV Hyundai. Thank you for the report. I feel sorry for Kyle, I think the dealership took advantage of the situation and now he has to pay double insurance premium for 10 years. To prevent any other future similar cases, I think that a lawyer should get involve now or some government consumer protection agency.
🤢🤮 no thank you.
In 1978, my college physics professor was an advocate for exploring battery powered vehicles. His main point was the system would be useless until batteries were standardized and battery exchange stations were available like gas stations. I don’t see any EV that is designed for exchange. So, until the design and infrastructure catches up to logic, I will drive my 30 mpg internal combustion vehicle and pay the government dictated cost per gallon. This whole push appears to be to force Americans into mass public transit. My response to that is the New York subway system. No, thank you.
EVs are a scam. They're worse for the environment (what do you think powers the batteries), they're a drain on taxpayers (the cars are subsidized through carbon credits), and they screw over gullible people by giving them battery issues and near-zero valuations after ten years of ownership.
It is starting to be observed the cost of owners for saving the planet. All people love to save the planet but they dont know how much will be asked to pay.  Until more clear information about EV will be available it would be good to use ICE cars.
California had the most automobile registrations: almost 14.3 million such vehicles were registered in the most populous U.S. federal state. Watching what happened this week with the extreme rainstorms and flooding, my question is: When you have 14. 3 million electric cars that are to bevdriven in the future due to the elctric vehicle mandate, how may amps/watts will they produce to fry everyone in that state when they drive through the water and the + and - terminals short out?
Wtf is the point of a battery protection cover that doesn't 'protect' the battery. The scratches seem superficial at best. Also it's ludicrous that 'scratching' the protection cover has you lose warranty? I thought cars are meant to be driven and not parked in a glass showcase so they don't get scratched. Unacceptable.
30+ % In sales tax.  Ya`ll are fu_)ed up in Canada.
Not to mention: They can electronically shut your car off at any moment, now that you presented the issue and they told you the cost and NON-BACKING of the manufacturer AND insurance.. Sounds like a SCAM any way you slice it!! YOU BEEN RAILROADED!
This doesn't make sense and people are people being ripped off.
I want to save the planet by buying an EV , but EV companies will charge me double when buying one and then triple when the battery will die, back to gas i guess.
For the car owner: buy a gas car because you and no one of these fake politicians will save this earth. Find Jesus and learn THE TRUTH.
The tree huggers and their EVs will pay dearly. It's a really bad joke on all of us. My Hope is in God and NOT in a lost liberal government. They are forcing this down our throats.
yes go ahead buy a EV but not from Hyundai .. get a Tesla , battery are make in the USA
Moral of the story: never buy an electric car. All downside, no benefits.
NEWS  FLASH   :     E . V . S .      D O  NOT    P R O T E C T    T H E   ENVIRONMENT   AT  ALL   !!!   PERIOD    AND   THEY    WILL   NEVER   $ A V E   YOU    A N Y   M O N E Y    A T   A L L  !!!  DON'T   BE   A    F  O  O  L   WITH  ALL   THE   E . V .    H Y P E   ...   IF  ITS  TOO  GOOD  TO  BE  TRUE  ...   THEN  ITS  BULLSHIT   !!!
Never owning an EV ever
this is by design. anti-right-to-repair was fielded in phones, laptops, flatscreens and was then slowly introduced to cars as well as everything else. all the greenwashing in the world can't hide these ecological disasters on wheels. welcome to technofuedalism and the dawn of the grift economy.
It is rather obsurd they did not look at it and the battery cost more then the vehicles worth. Thanks for bringing this issue to the public. I sure hope the practice for ev battery does change across the board, would be insane paying this much for a battery. Offering him like a discount on a new Hyundai... low blow
Talk about insanity on steroids! So for Kyle, this is a nightmare, and it should also be a nightmare for the dealership in question here, as well as the insurance company, and the manufacturer too.  So the way I see this, is that a good product liability lawyer is going to have to sort this out, in a courtroom, along with a judge, and I hope that someone who is watching this reach out to Kyle, and offer him some sound legal advice, because Kyle should not be impacted for what happened, through no fault of his own, as there were so many screw ups here, starting with the dealership to the insurance company to the manufacturer that clearly some law or laws were violated.    So Kyle, whoever can help you, I hope they reach out to you, with sound legal advice, because this is absolutely insane to have a battery that either wasn’t inspected or improperly inspected, yet somehow they determined that the battery pack was impacted, but could not be repaired, and needed to be replaced for a cost that was more than the cost of replacing the car itself, is totally ridiculous on its face, because no one knowing that such a thing could happen would ever buy one of these cars.  So if this is allowed to stand, that means that these car manufacturers would literally be allowed to commit a fraud, because again, no one would buy a car that had a component in it, that, if damaged its replacement would cost more than the vehicle itself, and wouldn’t that have to be disclosed at the point of sale, and also in any advertisement of the product?  So a battery pack they cannot be repaired and or cost of replacement is more than the cost of the car itself that cannot be something that the law in Canada or anywhere else can be allowed to stand, as again, no one would buy one of these cars.  So my suggestion to you, is to reach out to a lawyer, reach out to your government regulators, reach out to your government people that you vote for, as well as your local news, media stations, ask them if there’s anything that their office can do elevate this to the highest levels in government, because this cannot be allowed to stand, and so there must be an appropriate remedy, and the appropriate remedy in this case in my opinion is that everyone involved in this situation from the dealership, the insurance, company, and the manufacturer, needs to be sued in a court of law. Capeesh! Cheers!
There was a guy in Ontario a few months ago that had the same issue of the high cost of battery replacement.  It was on the news, unfortunately I can't remember what the specific issue was, just that the battery cost more than a new car and Hyundai/Kia were no help until after the fact (he scrapped the car) and the media got involved.
America has spoken we the people have spoke  EV are crap wake up America
Could you imagine MSM reaction if this was a tesla?
sounds like you should install an extra after market battery cover so the original one doesnt get damaged
Imagine buying an electric car lmaoo
You pronounced stealership wrong.....Hyundai are also well known for trying to get out of warranty work. I would NEVER buy a Hyundai or Kia!
ITS pricey to be  woke and trendy stop acting surprised and pay up
Hyundai Canada EV system warranty 8 yr / 160000 KM.  US version 10 yr 100000 mi. Sounds like a dealer ripoff.
Buy a ICE car.
I don’t think there’s any way that the battery was damaged. Just paranoia at the dealer because of improper training and vehicle knowledge.
Wow what an ass insurance situation over there too.
Electric cars are a scam.
so this guy went through so much trouble and to the question 'will you buy another ev?' he cant give a clear answer NO, he is debating!
I believe the problem is that these new EV’s are so heavily subsidised by governments to get manufacturers to produce these vehicles and get them out the door; all of the cost is in the battery itself, and also the fiduciary obligation lies with the number of units built, ie. One battery, one chassis. So car companies have no obligation or responsibility to the owners of these new EVs when it comes to the practicality of maintenance costs. You wanted an EV, you got an EV…the government wanted us to make an EV, we produced an EV…and any other responsibility with value of ownership and maintenance lies with the new owner - we fulfilled our obligations (manufacturers’ words).
he should drive that car, if there is no problem
EV's are trash LOL
And this is especially galling given that Tesla sells higher capacity replacement batteries for the Model S for around CAD$20,000.   The problem with legacy OEMs is they will take a battery pack that probably costs around $10,000 to build, then the OEM slaps on a 100+% markup on it and then the dealer slaps on their own 100+% markup on it... and that's how you get to excessively priced replacement battery packs.  The moral of the story is... legacy automakers STILL aren't taking BEVs and BEV service seriously.  For now, if you want a BEV, go with a Tesla.  Tesla will not only sell you a great BEV, but they will properly support it and they have way better charging infrastructure.  Everyone else is way behind when you look at all facets of BEV ownership.
EV is going to die if this becomes a trend.
This nonsense is why insurgence costs have gone through the roof in the past 8 months. There is no way battery integrity can be confirmed after even a minor accident, so they get written off! These things are a runaway fire on wheels waiting to happen.
We will avoid all Hyundai electric cars after seeing this video. It kinda destroyed our confidence in their products. We had been looking into the electric Kona.
Just like how Hyundai/Kia owners talk about how great a deal they got until it comes to repair.  And its not like kia/Hyundai are great with truth considering they're on their 3rd recall for engine fires, holding customers vehicles while telling them they're delayed and now OTT parts prices. Great company
Only people losing their mind who don't even think a little bit about consequences  would waste their money in those headaches😮😢😢😮😢😢 I would have rather put my money in a Lexus with high mileage 😅😅😅😅 for peace of mind.
This is actually quite typical of EV’s after a minor incident. Battery pack has any damage at all and the car is totaled. Never buy an EV and arrest all the lawmakers trying to force these junkers on the people!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 just the cost of owning an EV.
Reasons why you should not buy an Electric Vehicle
I payed 12,000 USD for Tesla S battery replacement. Cheep!
We really need to have cars with better ground clearance. I think a crossover or truck with decent ground clearance is in my future as my next car. So many sedans and evs are just slammed to the ground. These automakers think we all drive in pristine flat roads in perfect conditions.  Older sedans and cars had really decent clearance in the photos I seem but now they are just gone.
Stay away from these stupid vehicles
Just change the factory battery to 500 rechargeable "D" cells.  🙂
This leads to soo many other questions, like can the car be bought at a salvage auction and then re-registered and put on the road in Canada or the US?
Thanks for this video, I’m never buying a hundai ev or gas car… just a horrible company. Just think about it, this could be any of us with a hundai car ⚠️⚠️
Surely the point of such a protective cover is for it to help prevent damage to the battery, and for the cover to be removed to inspect the battery?  EVs are supposedly better for the environment but what is their true cost if they're written off because a piece of metal gets scratched? This is damage that would not be critical on an ICE vehicle, probably being superficial and for sure reparable!  Going forward, what's going to be the cost environmentally and to customers if EVs are essentially going to be unsellable as used vehicles after a few years because of potential battery replacement?
A Hyundai will always be a Hyundai no matter how much they spend on marketing. A very shiny turd, but a turd nonetheless.
this stinks on all levels. as per most car parts it would cost less than $6000 to make and ship to Canada...
This is horrible! I'll stick with ICE for as long as I can.
In conclusion, don't by an EV.  ⛽️ is king
I feel like there trying to discourage people from buying electric cars for some reason.. they look so much better than than gas cars
That is a rip off. This is like saying I had a den on my hood (protection for engines) now manufacture void my warranty and dealer require replacement of the engine .
All these brands are thug’s. I got an 2019 C-Class two years ago. The car has LED lights and there is a huge amount of condensed water in it. Im aware of the problem with LED lights and the lack of heat to vaporize the water. But first it looks bad on my $65.000 car and second it is spreading the light in a wrong angle. But Mercedes says the warranty doesn’t cover it.
ICE car dealers and factories watching this video are just laughing. 🤣
lucky the battery has got a eight year guarantee so it will be replaced for free.
And this is why EVs in general are such a risk
THATS WHAT TOU GET FOR BUYING A KNOCKOFF!!
Buy STUPID cars, sit in driver seat looking STUPID!!!
EV, you can keep them. ICE will be here 100 years from now. Extremely terrible looking interiors, no sound from the engine area. Just a expensive battery that will not last 15 years, and I can't take a long trip without the car dying.
That’s the future democrats have planned
Kyle is stupid, don't be like Kyle , Get a Jack and check the damage yourself instead of going to the dealership. If everything is working fine nothing is broken , don't go fixing what's not broken.   For an Asian origin person it's shameful that Kyle got played so easily.
My idea of purchasing a new car is to think how long will the electrical system last for example door switch window motors  everything that moves and needs power to function will eventually will need to be replace   and so how much will it cost me to fix it and as people become more interested in electric cars that don't know be these car still need maintenance for example when you turn on the heater those cars need  to produce heat
This is why Toyota  hybrids are the way to go because these batteries have a life span that will eventually have to replace it this why Toyota doesn't want to make electric vehicles there not reliable
Am I the ONLY one who sees that the battery cost shows to be 6649.98? Is it likely that the manufacturer does not yet make spare replacement batteries and that they told the dealer that to get a spare, the dealer would have to be charged for a new vehicle off the production line, and then have the shell removed from that new car? Something is up with the extra 50K. Sometimes replacement batteries are not even on the market for brand-new cars.
I understand that determining damagwe to the actual battery is very difficult because of the many battery cells and control parts of it. But why does does the protection cover have a hole in it that would easily allow damage? What are the condition for that battery warranty?
Fortunately the people who get burnt from this have more money than sense so kinda not so bad. people grounded and sensible carry on doing what u have always done. The cutting edge or bleeding edge of tek will cut you and u will bleed - no surprise there. The manufacturers don't understand it, the insurance don't understand it, the garages r scared of it the accident services approach with caution  and u and ure family r sitting in it. Leave it to the virtue signallers and stupid rich to c if this tek will fly or not.
I considered the IONIQ 5 previously, but the dealer experience really put me off. And now with this, it is enough for me to completely avoid Hyundai and Kia for good. How does a battery cover fail to protect the battery and void the warranty AND cost 60k for a replacement? The jokes write themselves.
Well.. that's expensive battery.. what's the cost of the rest of the car? $5 ?
You do damage, you pay the bill beucase of your incompetance, Warrenty covers natural failure of parts not if you damage the parts, its basic, normal, thinking.
And thats te future ? 😂
The only thing i learned from this video is that i should not buy ev. First the price of them is tooo high, second the service and insurance protocols arent reasonable and third its impossible to find honest dealer. Its a shame cuz i am really fascinated with technology and i wanted to buy one in the future.
And amazon wants to push these piece of junks through the internet now?  Customer support is gonna be lovely isn’t it? 😂
Yikes… i was going to buy an ioniq 5 too. Looks like theyre doing over their “customers” just as hard as Tesla
That PR lady is literally just PR. That was just fluff.
Prepare for the e-waste revolution.
When it comes to battery damage and repair, I think Hyundai and all other EV Mfrs should make a rule that their dealer have to let the manufacturer's technical team inspect the damage first.  These dealers are just too snaky and can really do damage to the manufacturer's reputation.  Besides, with battery being so sensitive and technical, do the dealers really have the skill set, experience and expertise to properly assess what should be done.
Why the cover wasn't taken off to inspect the battery? They said it would explode at any moment.
First, vehicles powered by a battery or batteries is not electric any more than a cordless power tool is electric.  The vehicles are battery powered.  Calling them electric seems to be somewhat misleading.   I'm one of many who plan on never purchasing a battery powered car or truck.
For $60,000 CAD, this guy could‘ve bought a hell of a lot of gas to fuel a NON-ASIAN ICE vehicle.
Why the surprise? Asian vehicles—ALL Asian vehicles—are pure crap! I‘ve known it for decades. Unfortunately, the gullible public has been brainwashed into believing that they‘re God‘s gift to the motoring public. They‘re not a gift, they‘re a curse.
True but it’s the cost is the story, which is 1/4 of the quote
Maybe if the battery manufacturers found younger children to mine the materials the cost would be cheaper
This is dumb AF if the car was working fine, which no one says it wasn't than drive home and move on with your life. Dumbest video I have ever seen. Also anytime you have a dealer tell you something is not covered under warranty, you call Hyundai corp and they get back to the dealer directly.   I had a sonata hybrid battery malfunction and the dealer tried to tell me it was out of warranty I called Hyundai directly and they handled everything explaining to the dealer they were incorrect and needed to do the repairs under warranty.
are we finally starting to figure out that evs are a gigantic scam
The insurance company and car dealerships are crooks. The guy insurance would up anyway, but purchase a Honda Accord (non hybrid), and no more EV cars. The dealers knew that the major repairs were going to be worth more than the car. Kyle should wait 10 more years if he want to purchase another EV.
In the invoice, how does one unit of a 6,649.98 CAD item render a 56,649.98 CAD billing [02:46]?
this whole electic bs is just a scam to make us poor. resist this crap. canada is a cold weather country. use your brain people. talk to an electrician about the grid and what it can handle
The high price of gasoline is looking better and better for my humble little non-electric car. This is absolutely outrageous.
Losers
My take : not to buy hybrid or EV for another 5 years
At least the environment was protected!
You would think the battery would be more protected, and I’d say the battery is fine it just a scratch.
Stupid EVs.
I own an ev6 which is the same thing as an ionic 5.  The battery is 27k and all data says 4.5 hours warranty to replace it.
Stick to petrol cars more convenient and cheap.Electric cars only for the Rich.not for working class,
Wait 20 years and see how much poison all these scrap batteries are going to be leaking into this environment you want to save so badly🙄. Mao’s Great Leap Forward will look like a minor oversight compared to what the current liberal elite is pushing😑
what is the lifespan of the battery? !0 years? And then your electric car is shite!!!
That's useful to to know. Because the only ICBC I know is Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.
So the battery costs more than the car. How ironic it is to be iconic or ioniq. By the way I am myself dealing with 2012 Hyundai engine seized issue.
What I’d do if the battery isn’t leaking I’d drive the car the way it is…
It actually makes sense that the battery cost $60k.  Dealerships are third party companies that is Not owned by the car company.  So these dealership will always choose the "solution" that makes the most money for them.  They don't care about the customer pocket, or the car company reputation.  The dealership network INTENTIONALLY choose the battery cost to be HIGHER than buying a brand new Ioniq 5.  So they can FORCE u to abandon the car.  Most likely the dealership buy back the same abandoned car for like $2k.  And then resell it to someone else for $50k.  OR,  keep the abandoned car in dealership to use it as "part donar" for other Ioniq 5 repair.  So dealership can save money buying parts.
Evs have a bigger carbon footprint than ice,...
I love how you guys tell the truth. Thank you for sticking up for the little people.
He should have tried to continue to use his car without reporting the incident. Why can't individual damaged cells or smaller units of the battery not be replaced? Maybe they need a better protection pad to shield the battery. I wonder what they'll do to a written off car. It can still be used. There is too much instutionalized wastage in America and Canada.
Buy an EV, part it out, profit bigly!!
They need to sell new cars and fight global warming. Gov's are making people to fix all the global problems while manufacturers pump out shit that are build to break.
Basically what they're saying is bend over and let them put it in your tank and don't complain
HELL NO I'LL NEVER BUY EV CARS JUSTIN  SAID 2035 YOU CAN ONLY BUY EV  WHO'S GOING TO BUY EV IT WILL COST YOU ARMS AND LEGS NO WAY.
Welcome to spare parts pricing. From what I've read the average cost of an EV battery is about $150 US per KW. For a 75KW battery that comes to $11,250 US. Multiply that by 3 to 4 times and you get the selling price so that's approximately $40,000 US. This is typical of spare parts pricing on auto parts in general. It just happens that there is not a single part in a traditional ICE that costs that much. Something to consider and I'm sure insurance companies are taking that into account. It seems to me that the manufacturer is shooting themselves in the foot with this kind of a response.
Great video and love you looking out for the consumers. Maybe the best video you came out with and your work is necessary to bring transparency and accountability to manufacturers who do not want to deal with this issue.
That's why you buy real car.  Suddenly Gas car is much cheaper. Oops.
Whoa. I am in the market for a new vehicle, and I WILL NOT buy an EV from Hyundai. $60,000?!? Really?
Thanks for highlighting this issue. A quick search on the internet for building an entire car from spare parts shows it would cost around five times as much as buying the car new. Normally it's not an issue, however when one part, such as the battery costs so much, that can be damaged in this way, the risk when buying an EV needs to be seriously considered.
I used to own a Hyundai. Many replacement parts of Hyundai cars are more expensive then BMW replacement parts. This is where Hyundai whack Hyundai owners for more profits. Every time when people ask if they should buy Hyundai cars, I always told them DON'T.
this just gives people even more reason to buy an ICE vehicle, if you were to destroy your engine, it will cost between 2-3k to replace and can be upwards of 10k for high performance engines, which is completely not unreasonable when you spend 8-60k on a vehicle, but these battery prices for evs are really showing a bad precedent for electric vehicles costing from 10k to this rediculous 60k
If people knew why EV's are being pushed they wouldn't go near them.  One day there will be curfews and digital punishments for bad behaviour.
😂😂 what a scam. If it drives fine just drive it.
Everyone is so concerned about the carbon footprint, every single thing that grows from soil needs carbon, take carbon away and plants don’t grow well, if plants don’t grow well we won’t have enough food. Plants also convert carbon to oxygen. The whole climate lie is about money and control. Go to a green house and ask how they make the plants grow so good. It involves carbon
We were looking into buying this vehicle but now we are looking away from this brand and EVs in general :(
So you snow-mexicans buy your insurance from the gov't?
And yet the Liberal government has announced gradual elimination of sales of conventional combustion engine vehicles. The premier of Alberta has warned that there will be shortage of conventional cars.
It's always been said to buy all of the parts for any vehicle and assemble it your self would be 4-5 times more costly than buying it assembled. I would suspect this is part of the battery cost but when they exchange the battery pack the manufacturer becomes responsible for it's disposal and the liability to render it safe or have a storage location that it won't effect anything else. I have read that reclaiming costs a lot more than new. I think the liability and massive legal responsibility has swelled beyond reasonable. This is what pushing things way before their time produces. All of these problems including the sickening mining practices of the Chinese that produces somewhere around 90% of the raw materials for the batteries are do to people crying wolf over climate, this and the prior generation scaring the hell out of each other and screaming the sky is falling and politicians making a quick easy pile of bucks using the two generations to do so should have never happened. Another thing that adds to this mess is today's generations that push this crap seem to think their for fathers where wrong about everything. Sure, we all had that attitude at 15 years old but these idiots today haven't grown out of the 15 year old thinking.
It's ALL about liability. If they do not replace the battery pack and it catches fire, they are now responsible for all
So basically any small accident involving an electric car that damages the battery will result in damages that far exceed the value of the car, resulting in financial peril for purchaser of said electric car.  Noted, and electric cars avoided.
Carbon foot print? Battery production involves alot of carbon footprint. You have to mine and deforest to produce batteries. Tail pipe emissions seem to be the only metric that is measured.
LOL this is just poetry in motion. Who would’ve thought that having one part valued at the worth of the entire vehicle on the UNDERSIDE OF THE VEHICLE, that can be completely written off with just a scratch, might be problematic. This is just classic. I am so glad I don’t live in CA or any of these climate nazi places like Canada that are pushing these shitbox EVs so hard.
ok so Hyundai/Kia is having engine fires, Theta engine issues, theft issues, and now this with their EVs...?  Must be one great warranty if they voided it based on a hole....
Why does the part show a price of $6,649.98 for one part of that number but the total is $56,549.98? Where is the $50,000 coming from?
Even if this was the 77kWh pack, the production costs for the battery are around a max of 14.000$ (Canadian). everything over 20k is bullshit.
she needs to put down the botox
You should’ve gotten them to go measure two cars from the parking lot to see if the gap is the same on both that seems sketchy
I'd say the protective cover doesn't do a very good job at protecting the battery.   My F150 Lightning has like a 1/4" thick piece of Steel that covers the entire battery and it would take a pretty serious impact to damage that plate.  Seems to me that Hyundai just went cheap on the so called "Protective Cover".    If they were in the USA, NHSTA would require a recall.   Because if that much damage occurred from such a minor impact, the car just isn't safe to drive on any road.  Thanks for the video though.   People need to know.   Not all EV's are going to have issues like this one.  The F150 Lightning has modules inside the battery pack.   I have the extended range and there are seven modules in total.  Most of the time a cell goes bad and a module needs to be replaced.  But that's 2-3 thousand dollars US.   It's extremely rare that an entire battery would need to be replaced.  My F150 Lightning comes with an 8 year 100K mile warranty and I can promise you I'm not concerned about damaging my battery for driving over something in the road.
So the vehicle still operates as it should? This is clickbait…
ok, no Hyundai for me.
step 1. Dont buy garbage EV ? step 2 . Buy Tesla.
15:38 - A: because the protection cover is actually GLUED ON and not intended to be removed.  if the battery takes a hit, in the famous words of Bill Paxton as Private Hudson, it's "GAME OVER MAN...!!!  GAME OVER...!!!" <---- see, there's a completely logical and reasonable answer, most just didn't know what it was until this very moment.
50% percent increase😮😮😮😮
sorry i cant meet up this afternoon. i have to charge my car:)
Slush builds up around tires and falls or is kicked off and hardens almost like rock in below zero weather. Mud flaps can help, but sometimes it's a choice between hitting the chunk or a serious accident. It's a very common hazard in the north.
Dealerships are evil, there's a reason everyone despises going to a dealership.
Hyundai head quarters will get you transferred to their legal department when a problem with their warranty is happening, so don't even think that they will fix anything (only time Hyundai will do any warranty work is when they get hit by a class action lawsuit)
Put an LS in it and be done with it.  Nevermind doing the research on batt pack cost, etc, how about stop buying EV's?
That's why only fools buy electric vehicles and nobody should be buying them.
EV's are a big fail. People aren't buying them for many good reasons.
The most appalling part of this is the insurance company and how they are penalizing
Yikes. No ev for my family in the near future. Not environmentally friendly anymore. 😮😮😮
Fellas… there u have it buying EVS is a trap and it’s not worth it.
These cars are great for the environment..... Right?  RIGHT!?!?
What should've happened is that you keep driving the car until the battery starts showing any type of damage and if it doesn't have damage and for some reason you are still worried about it then trade it in and get a new one.
This whole thing stinks and it’s a way to get out of paying warranty claims. let’s say the battery legitimately failed three years into service, and it’s a legitimate warranty claim. The dealership/manufacturer can simply void the warranty if they see any scratches on the protective cover? That’s complete BS and this is going to happen more and more as time moves forward.
8:47 if people really think that they really need to be educated. I don’t know anybody that actually thinks that. The dealership is just that, they are not the manufacturer. I’m pretty sure most people know that.
Anyone who buys an electric car is mentally challenged. Maybe they're just trying to sell a battery. Still, If just the battery costs $60,000, how can they sell the car for $55,000? I smell rip off and it stinks. Battery degradation is why E V's will have no trade value whatsoever after as little three years.
The large takeaway here is that the notion of EV’s saving the environment is nothing but a myth.
I’ll stick with my ice car. Thanks.
This whole ev boondoggle is a giant scam, and the infrastructure needed for everyone to have one is beyond impossible.
I have the money for an EV, but am not at interested in buying one. In my opinion, they are ugly to look at and are high maintenance as well as a fire risk. The battery can be as much as the cost of the car and would need charging a lot. Perhaps if the world had found an alternative to fossil fuels 40 years ago, we wouldn’t have the crisis we have now. I’ll stick to petrol cars until it runs out.
"Explode any time"… Right now that car is owned and driven by someone from the dealership. For cheap.
Battery more than car ..so when u buy car u get a 60000 $ battery free
You need to get an impact protection cover to protect the impact protection cover.
Kyle was smart to have had the car checked out.
Time of Revelation going into sprint phase where all the covert criminality becomes blatantly overt. This could be a deliberate scheme to cash in on a new trend maximally. Samsung, another SK business, is quite ruthless, too. It is insane, though, that the insurer just went along with this. It's like an insurance committing fraud against itself. (Is it a state-run one?) EVs are like a terminal crisis technology to teach the lesson more clearly that humankind is on a foolish pursuit away from the solution.
1. why even bother buying a Hyundai? 2. must be interesting to see if this happens in USA.
This is why people need to use their heads and stop buying these electric cars!!!!!!!!!
Come to the Tesla graveyard in Norway! Where 2-3 year old Teslas rot because their battery went out and replacement is more than the car new.
FAKE NEWS !!  sensationalism at best to get views — in a nutshell , Kyle hit something — NEWSFLASH, if you hit something you USE your insurance or pay out of pocket— why is Kyle allowed to complain that he will lose all “good driving” credits when he admitted to hitting something!?!   It’s a claim, and claims affect rates — get over it!!  It’s not proven he will pay double for 10 years — just speculation — just get a new insurer duh .. but in the end Kyle SHOULD pay higher rates bc KYLE hit something.   Case closed… how funny of husband-wife “detectives” acting like this is a cold blooded murder case on Dateline.. seriously!?   This is clearly an EV smear campaign designed to enrich this channel/get views/payouts off of sensational headlines designed to lure viewers in!!!   Very misleading and greedy!
Even a fool could figure that out..
This boils down to the right to repair. If companies would really care about the environment, they would provide sensible solutions to help keep functional vehicles on the road as long as possible, especially EVs. But obviously, the main priority is profit, so in reality it's all about marketing to sell, I'm sorry, milk us of our money we earned by spending our precious limited time.
Not buying this crap vehicle. Green is not a affordable reality yet.
The fact that something like this could happen is exactly why I won't buy electric. That and the absolute refusal to put more money into infrastructure. I'll stick with my Tucson Hybrid. What a way to work things out huh? just stick it to the unsuspecting consumer, as usual.
What a tremendous service you guys provide!  Thank you very much.  I've watched the video after watching the follow up video of another incident.   I previously ordered without success a Toyota EV and eventually took possession of a hybrid with the intention of buying an EV in the future.    Needless to say, I'm going to have a conversation with the dealer about this issue before going forward.
see folks, the rhetoric and propaganda that Tesla bros have been feeding you that Lithium prices (and therefore battery prices) are coming down is just that.... RHETORIC and PROPAGANDA.  hint: they are NOT coming down.  <---- yeah, the reality is STARING EVERYONE IN THE FACE.  understandably coming to this realization will be unpleasant, for as recently revealed on the Interwebs, even the replacement cost on the smallest kWh USED Tesla battery isn't cheap ($9,000 US).
Yup. Now more than ever, I still want that '67 Corvette Stingray. This entire market is a boondoogle money grab. NO ONE but the top 20% can afford these prices. This entire market was rushed by tech bro's in bed with (ie: Using!)  rabid environmentalists, and now the US public is being 'shoved' into a market most can't afford.
Hyundai's should have bought back that vehicle to study what failed in that vehicle and how they can improve the design. Then offer replacement vehicle at no cost to customer when they did not have any replacement part options for EV batteries or programs in Canada. Now Canada wants to go ahead with EVs? Hard no. Kyle needs to fight ICBC to get back his rating this topic will affect all drivers in canada
Obviously a very poorly designed car for the look to the future.
This is a good advertisement for not buying a hyundai ionic.
Hyundai ,  Kia and genesis better have a recall and update all these EGMP platform vehicles with 1/4” thick stamped aluminum protection panels instead of that pointless fiber composite beauty panel cover that’s currently there and worthless before a class action suits forces them to do it and to compensate people’s insurance premiums and or worse from superficial damage that isn’t found and burns down someone’s house or worse from something that hurts the fragile battery and cooling system.  It’s the only way forward to save face and properly protect their cars and the aluminum would help dissipate heat better then fiber reinforced plastic
Kinda sick to charge more for the battery than the whole freaking car brand new. It doesnt make sense. Like at all.
Well they can stick them were the sun don’t shine! Just wait till they start needing to replace the battery’s on mass scale. Thank god Toyota has seen the light and are now headed towards hydrogen.
Canadian dollars are like Venezuelan pesos jjj....
Isn’t the protection casing meant to “protect “? Like a bulletproof vest is supposed to shatter to absorb the impact to protect the body?
3 simple words: "Elections have consequences"
got to love the world salad from Hyundai.
I have no sympathy for anyone that buys a kia or hyundai because you choose to cheap over reliable.
One more reason to not buy a new car let alone an EV.  The dealership model is broken.
The same happened to me.  The Niro EV 2023 is not protected against impact and KIA don't know anything about repairing their cars.  I wanted to pay for the repairs.  A small plastic make the difference between a brand new car and a total loss...  This is pathetic, they are incompetent.  They also tried to steal the battery without any compensation; send it back to Korea for refurbishment and sell it 50k$ again.
I'm sorry guys, this must be an USA issue. You guys have no consumer protection whatsoever. In EU we would destroy the dealership, they might even lose the license. This is nightmere as Kyle said. Nothing to do with the EVs as some comments suggest.
As good as it sounds to own an electric car due to "saving" benefits up front, the real cost of ownership is in the tail end when major components like the battery have to be replaced. It's like boat owners say about enjoyable part of owning, when buying and selling.🤦‍♂️
Compromised EV car batteries is a huge fire hazard, so yeah, I get why they voided the whole thing
40% decrease in battery prices, and Goldman Sachs expects the same next year. Insurance for evs should drop steeply down soon.
Fix this Hyundai!!!!
Mega Corps never fail to rip you off in new ways.
That's wonderful. So now all the ev owners who see this will just keep quiet about all accidents that don't involve anyone else. Knowing that there is at least 20 of these things parked in our building's underground garage every night is surely gonna make me sleep easier at night. Something this new generation of citizens need to learn is that whatever the government wants everybody on board with is never going to benefit them ever and the harder they push the harder we need to resist
Seems the car is not fit for purpose.
I can see the cost of replacing the battery on the Hyundai ionic 5 is $10,000 and even $20,000 but $60,000 that’s overkill. This will make people go back to eternal combustion engines.
Tesla will do the same thing. Void a warranty for reasons that were beyond the drivers control.
lol I'm good with my gass car
That scratch on a plastic “protection” panel voids the warranty? Crazy! Thank you for sharing this story. We will be looking into warranties when it comes to EV’s and most likely avoid Hyundai
Hunday?
No ev for me ....
Sorry about his license, that is kind of BS. No other person or vehicle was involved.
Change your insurer and don't ever buy an EV again.
Im going through the same issue with 2022 Hyundai Elantra hybrid I had to take it to an out of state dealership in order for them to replace  my hybrid system. Unfortunately it's gonna take 3 months! The first dealership wanted me to call my insurance to pay a bill of 8000!
A battery protection cover that doesn’t protect the battery 👍🏼
seem to be a massive design fault at a massive cost to the customer crazy
So we're trying to help the environment drivng EV's, yet they've become as disposable as a cell phone. How is that helping the environment? An efficient ICE car can easily go $200K miles, and most major components can be replaced for under $8000. They can also be easily repaired and recycled.
LAWYER!!!!!!!! TWITTER!!!!!!!!!! AND ALL OTHER OUTLETS......... i will not get a hyundai...so sorry kyle...
This is one of the reasons why I will not be purchasing an EV and I currently own a Kia which is a subsidiary of Hyundai and definitely won’t be buying from either of these brands again in the future
What a joke these EVs are...
after watching this, why would any sane person ever buy an EV?  Inspecting the battery is impossible.  If it was subjected to a high shock, any one of the thousands of joints inside the battery may have been damaged and can result in a catastrophic failure at any time.  "inspecting" the battery means taking it out of the vehicle and disassembling it to inspect each battery to battery connection.  Its far cheaper to recycle it.  Except there is no recycle process
This is not a BEV issue this is a Hyundai issue. With the issue surrounding Hyundai / KIA ICE vehicles as the cars most likely to catch fire why would anyone buy a Hyundai?
With an ICE vehicle, you refill the range with fuel and the amount of life used is very small.  When you charge your EV battery you are reducing its remaining life significantly.  The EV battery has a fixed number of charge/discharge cycles that is well understood by the manufacturers but not by buyers
Hopefully Kyle isn't stupid enough to buy another EV. Probably not tho.
The cover is there because the battery if physically damaged may experience a thermal runaway.  Its not there to protect the battery functionality.  His only other option was to continue to drive the vehicle and trust that it will not spontaneously combust.  The battery price includes profit.  The manufacturer has the option to forgo some or all of their profit to make the cost to the consumer more reasonable.
Why the hell did this guy even bring his car in? Like what the hell is wrong with the freaking car? Listen up all you who have electric cars. DO NOT PAY THE ABSURD PRICE TO REPLACE A BATTERY!!!!! ALL!!!! That needs to be done, if the battery is bad, is take it down, replace the bad cells, put it back together, continue driving... I've done this myself on 7 EV's already it is very easy once you get past all the glue the factory puts in there to keep us repairmen out. YOU DO NOT!!!!! Need a new battery. Google "The Electrified Garage" They will take care of you. And if you're really far away, ask them some questions. They will NOT F you. You're welcome.
why are we allowing cars that can explode if scratched anyways??
Thanks for this video!! Seriously I almost exchanged my Peugeot petrol for exactly that ionic 5 car….wow this is revealing and also considering that one simple thing very common one like scratching lower parts of the car can end up being such a nightmare… that guy now has to pay double on insurance but this awkward and awful simple thing… it was just a scratch and now he is 10 years sentenced for it…. No evs on my future now knowing this… it is incredible!!
I work in hospitals and I promise you this smells of liability. The company has too much liability of death from fire if the battery was impacted…so they just say it needs replacement. Probably the whole battery service is outsourced and so the local dealer doesnt know enough about them to safely say its safe. Its easier for them to say he needs a replacement so they arent liable anymore if he doesnt replace it and something happens.
This is one of the many reasons why people don't trust dealerships. The dealership absolutely should have done their due diligence to inspect the battery. That's common sense.   I went though a similar issue with dealership not actually diagnosing an issue. I have a 2020 ram 1500 pickup and brought it to the dealer for diagnostic because the tailgate was hard to open/ close. They said it was the damper. I bought a damper and installed it but the issue persisted. I ended up taking off the tailgate hinge myself and figured out that the hinge was seized. I called the dealership and told them what I found out. They told me they didn't actually remove any parts or do any type of diagnostic ans basically just assumed that it was the damper.   For the amount of money we spend on new cars the level of customer service from dealerships are unacceptable. Manufacturers need to get control of this and develop policy/ measures to restore consumer faith
this is the definition of a warranty repair. how can the warranty not cover this? lol absurd
All these people buying electric cars think they are saving money and promoting for a clean environment are ignorant fools. Every ev has to have the battery replaced eventually. The cost terminates all gas savings. Plus, the carbon footprint on making batteries and disposing them is severe to the environment. Fools!
Was researching this car and was going to be going to the dealership next week.  I no longer will be. Nice work Hyundai.
He should never put his trust in the dealership. They do not look out for your interest. I'd never buy an EV at this point, charging is a pia and fires and replacement cost are big issues. It's not worth the risk. My 07 Saturn Vue cost 20k new and I've put less than 1k in repairs over 16 years and still runs and looks great.
Batteries should be standardized, like in flashlights.
My JGC needed a new battery and it cost me $150. 😂😂😂
Now that we know the true cost of EVS are they still worth it? Just to save the environment for one person😂
i hope insurance only goes up on electric vehicles
Thats why you dont follow the crowd forget ev and stick to what works for you
You forgot to mention that it was an upgrade that will allow the vehicle to not only time travel but teleport in real time. Area 51 stuff. Come on people. And way to milk the story as it became fodder for smartasses such as myself.
Too long of a story. You are pissing me off
Hasnt this been the story on older Prius models for years? Insurance writes it off as a loss due to battery weakness or failures? I feel bad for this person, what a pain in the rear. Glad to see someone stepping up and representing him.
Chinese EV is the way to go!
Wow, this video might as well be an advertisement for Tesla. With Tesla there are no POS dealers, and they know BEV's duh.
I get a strong feeling that, not only was the fear of a future battery fire and resultant liability instilled in Kyle, but the dealership themselves were equally fearful of liability, should they ok the vehicle, and combustion occur. Because of that they were wary of any damage, however minor, in the vicinity of the battery.
still runs good id leave it
So the lesson here is buy a real car lol
EVs are ridiculous, fuel is getting cleaner. Long live the ICE
If cost of battery replacement doesnt come down, then no one is going to buy EVs.  The government cannot force anyone to buy an EV.
Crazy happenings with EVs
Typical dealership tactics…. Charge exorbitant prices for service and parts.
Its the equivalent in gbp to 35k but that is still a lot
Rule #1 Stay out of Canada Rule #2 Stop buying cars from legacy car manufacturers  Rule #3 Buy electric cars from the largest electric vehicle manufacturer in the world…. TESLA
They can keep their overpriced garbage EVs.
Great. In 2030 Trudeau is mandating all cars be EV or hybrid. So this kind of thing will only increase in its occurrence. Get ready for massively increased insurance rates. As if we already dont pay some of the highest in the world.
why the hell buy ev????
Screw the EV push!
Electric vehicles are a complete failure, they are not for us and they just want to push it down our throats because with fully electric vehicles tied to the grid with your social score system , if you do something the gov dont like well guess what, your car wont start.
Why I am more than happy to keep my now 17 year old Volvo these new EVs and the bullshit that comes with them is just absurd.
This is a SCAM. There was nothing wrong with that car. They write it off then "fix" it by doing nothing at all and then sell it and make the insurance pay-out back, but your insurance premium is now 50% up. The correct  course of action here would be to cancel the claim with the insurance company and have the car back and then take the c**ts to court for voiding your warranty for no reason.
After seeing this, I've decided to buy the Toyota Hybrid. Batteries are under the back seat and are protected. They cost under US$2,500 to replace and have a 10 year warranty if you use Toyota scheduled servicing. My dad always buys Hyundai and I can honestly tell you that Hyundai Warranty is truly pathetic.
He was scammed. No one even checked the battery.
Wrong choice of a car.  Should have gotten a Tesla.
Sorry, but this story makes no sense. For a start the car was perfectly drivable and would have passed an MOT or whatever you call it in Canada. So why didn't he just keep the car and carry on driving it!? He would have needed to make no insurance claim and seen no increase in his insurance costs. A friend of mine in Norway has a 2014 Tesla Model S, he drove down to France to visit us in 2018 and the battery cover has more scratches and dents on it than the Hyundai shown in this picture...the car has done over 200,000 km and everything works just fine. Secondly, I would have hammered the dealer hard and told them to explain to me how THEY have decided that the battery is beyond repair when they haven't even removed the cover or run any battery health check tests. Lastly, where on earth does the price of $60,000 Canadian come from!? Battery prices are now in the $120 (US)/kWh range as an input cost to the manufacturer, so if Kyle's Ioniq 5 was the 84 kWh version that would be $10,080 plus let's say 20% profit margin for Hyundai, so around $13K plus labour lets call it $15K (US). Sounds like a sensationalist clickbait story cooked up by the media.
Car companies think that the public is stupid ,just hurting themselves and out of touch policies created by stupid greenies 👏
60,000.00 Canadian Dollars = 45,172.767 US Dollars
These people at the dealerships are really stupid and only look to replace parts rather than diagnosing the problem. Dealerships are absolute scams, avoid them at all costs. If you can’t make sure you get a second quote.
Sounds like somewhere in this video there is an admission they are selling bombs on wheels...
Lies and lies, this is why electric vehicles don't work for the common normal people that drives gasoline combustion engine.  You must be incompetent to buy and electric vehicles .
Electric cars. Saving the world or just more Ewaste…
EVs are not gonna last long mark my words. no one's talking about the fact that mining materials needed for batteries is much more damaging to the planet than the carbon to the atmosphere
The Canadian " Niceness" is palpable in this video.
Shoulda bought an ICE vehicle
Mechanic always treated car owner like a cash cow! I reckoned it is time for all government to create a global EV car commission to regulate and to protect EV car users from being ripped off by any car dealership.😡🎉
I just hope an auto manufacturer gets smart enough to create an EV that’s more about functionality than aesthetic. Why does a vehicle have to be full of features that don’t really affect driving? We’ve really twisted the idea of what automobiles do for us. This EV fever dream has a long way to go before an entire state can mandate that we have to use them.
This happened on my M3. Road debris damaged my under tray. Luckily that’s a real car and not a fuckin toaster. It cost me €120 and all was well with the world. EV’s are an utter load of shit.
Well, similar dishonets law is being pushed in the UE, by which  you will no longer be able to replace an engine, brakes , transmission and other servicable parts because if they need replacement, this law will render the car a wreck that is ought to be scraped. If you replace those parts, you will not pass the MOT test. 👌  I also find that spokeswoman statement as a typical corporate pr babble which does not actually address the issue - why a scratched cover plate deems a battery to be replaced and why the battery is priced more than the entire car? This is an outright rip off.
I just do not see the value in an EV if in 10 years you have to purchase a $50K battery.  This just seems to be a false economy. What is the cost per mile to drive an EV versus an ICE car on this basis?
I worked as a tech for a few dealers, something like this should have been forwarded to corporate to make the final decision. I feel bad for Kyle as I strongly believe the dealer made a huge mistake or was hoping to make money from this. Now he's out of a car and his insurance went up for possibly nothing
Well this is certainly making me think twice about buying an EV.
No thank you bro. No EV ever
I can make a new battery for this car. 20000 okay for you?))
I bougth my BMW i3 new and 2 months later the charging port had some issue and wouldn't charge. I bought my car to BMW Fremont CA and they told me the charging port is broken and the part they quoted $2700 plus labor. I'm like this is my 3rd EV and it's not like I don't know how to charge my car. I wrote a mail to BMW USA and a day later they replied my and told me it has been taken care. The reason why I'm telling this story is it is always the dealer's problem. Just remember you can always escalate this issue to the manufacturer and ask for their support on this.
Will never buy a Hyundai after seeing this - never!   Similar happened top me long ago with BMW. Dealer wanted to charge me $30,000 to change a welch plug. I did it myself, costing $6 for the plug and a 5 minute job, perfectly done. Never will buy a BMW ever again. Hyundai clearly follows the same path - Bye Bye.
Electric cars are just a ploy to get the fossil fuel cars off the road. Once they are off the road they will say electric cars are unsuitable. Roll on hydrogen cars 2030 but we can't own one, just rent.
Wow I was kinda looking at an ioniq as my next car by it’s a definite no now.
Hyundai better do something for this guy... they really screw him up bug time... and seems they have plan to screw every single one of their customer in the future with that battery price... I feel sorry for the people that have a Hyundai EV right now.
Lol just another reason not to buy a EV that car is now a few thousand pounds of e waste. Yep way to have a lower footprint  haha what a joke
That is the problem with dealers, they pursue money first and then... consumer satisfaction or a technical solution.
This just proves, EVs aren't worth it.
Tree huggers crying is priceless.😂😂😂
You can’t honestly tell me that the battery is “worth” more than the car and that Hyundai is selling the car at a loss.
First mistake was buying an ev.
Can no one see this is a ONE BIG SCAM 🤦‍♂️ Why are we so stupid and allow this to happen?!
Just for comparison, my dacia duster petrol tank uk, would cost less than £1,000 pounds to replace(fitted).😊
This makes absolutely no sense at all… I hope this situation goes viral! It’s absolutely insane how they came up with that number.. especially since it’s technically a Totaled vehicle if the crash cost even half the estimated value.
Ev's are always just worth scrap value off the shelf,,,  £1,200 8 years and i still have it, £1,200 for a whole car including the battery that lasted good couple of years, obviously normal running costs over 8 years, but whole vehicle cost me £1,200 8 years later i still have...  Ev's are obviously a con, because absolutely nothing wrong with climate, wef have always been at war with the world... Wef are liars...
Looked really like a Volkswagen, lots of VW  design elements  been used on this car.
Hence why i'll probably never buy an EV.....theyre still 10-15 years away from being viable
How does a battery cost more than the msrp of the car? How as a company do you even profit from selling something like that?
first world problems, tut nevermind
More problem more waste
AB🇨🇦 There’s absolutely NO way Canada can, or will, convert to exclusively EV car sales by 2030.  Batteries are nowhere near sophisticated enough, nor the infrastructure to produce electricity. I would honestly sue ICBC, the dealer and Hyundai at the very least for the increase in premiums he absolutely should NOT bear the burden of! Talk about a monopoly that 😡 penalizes the citizen.
if the cost of the battery is 56k then the car should cost 3 times at least to buy as new. I believe these companies do these things to make customer buy new car, just like smart phones. I had a similar experience 15 years ago when I had a small issue with my Mercedes ML350 engine, the car was 4 years old and driven by my wife, never abused, the car was out of warranty, and needed a part replacement that cost 200 USD for the part and around 25K for labor which was insane as they needed to open the engine, I asked them to quote for a new engine for fun, I was not going to do that, the quote was 10% more than the price of a brand new ML350 latest model. simply greed of big corporate.
This is a problem with all EV vehicles. Tesla is no different, although a little cheaper, but they won't repair the battery so they charge over $20,000 for a replacement battery excluding labour. There are so many risks and the price of getting one is too expensive. Cheaper and better with a vehicle that as an engine. Maybe in 5 or 10 years if prices come down and these companies are not trying to rip their customers off it will be cheaper to own one.
WARRANTY IS MANUFATURE FAULTY IF YOU DAMAGED IT THEN ITS YOUR PROBLEM
So happy I saw this.   I am currently driving my very last hyundai
How is a car $60,000??? A small house with land is about $200,000 at some locations. You are driving a third of a house and have to replace it every 6-10 years. Thats madness
EV is not worth it. And EV doesnt even help the enviroment, its carbon footprint is based on tbe source of electricity, and the high built in pollution due to rare metal and materials
I've been looking at electric cars fir some time now. And think only a low IQ person would even consider buying one. Sorry
Go with Tesla as all the others are just learning how to make EV’s   Model Y is the best selling of 2023 in the world and they do not play games this story. In just one google is got this “ The cost of a battery for a Tesla depends on the model and battery size. At $5,000 to $7,000 per module, a 4-module battery pack could cost around $20,000 to $28,000 to replace (excluding labor costs”. For facts on ev’s follow Now you know and or Tesla daily
Sounds like it comes down to liability.  Nobody wants to be liable if that car explodes or burns, should the cause be related to this protective cover scratching or not.
2 points: 1) just another reason NEVER to buy an EV but go hybrid instead 2) the Hyundai stealership are simply following Hyundai policy to screw customers for as much secondary (post-purchase) revenue as possible. Example: front end damage from crashes is the most common & costly form of repair. Take a close look at all of Hyundia's range & tell me they haven't engineered a high % of the car's value into the first 2 feet. Expensive light clusters, thin irrepairable metal panels & plenty of plastic parts, radar sensors & cameras => easily $10-20k of repairable value. Who pays? You do, through insurance. Choose carefully, it may be cheap to buy new but you'll pay for that choice.
The reason he isnt in trouble and all the others you listed are is because Tesla stock is still worth a lot, all the others went to zero. If Tesla goes to zero, its game on.
EV's become mandatory in 2035. Start saving now.
Great video and advocacy.   Hyundai should be ashamed for their customer service; and this also points to not buying an EV.
Algorithm
Its a waste of money to buy electric vehicle. Million times better our gas engine. For the money you save on gas, when battery gets trouble, will costs you the price of a brand new car. Not worth an electric vehicle.
Moral of the story, stick with Tesla, might not have all the flashy internals but at least they don’t rip customers like this, Hyundai should step in, it’s a big red light to potential buyers especially given that Hyundai Canada came back with the most PR pointless unhelpful reply I’ve heard. I’m Australia and  I’ll be avoiding Hyundai if this is how they treat customers.
based on this logic, EVs aren't just for people who can afford a $60k car, but people who are rich and can cover an extra $50k of bs insurance fees, etc. as if it's nothing at all.
Current EV's most useless in this era
There's good mechanic out there who can put after market battery for 5k
People still not understanding, they are wasting their hard earned money on useless things.
Why are you considering another EV? So you can end up paying quadruple on insurance costs?
put myself in his situation? WE'D BE GOING TO COURT, IMMEDIATELY, WITH A LAWSUIT AGAINST THE DEALERSHIP AND HYUNDAI, for a full $ replacement cost. Because as soon as they told him the car was unsafe to drive, and he was liable based on the damage to the cover - they absolutely unfairly put tens of thousands of dollars of insurance raises/ battery replacement costs - on him, and that was entirely unreasonable. And yes, environmentally, if you throw this vehicle out and replace it; that's literally the same net carbon footprint of driving an gas powered ford F150 like 60,000 miles or whatever (the carbon footprint of two EVs); before any miles are driven.
I would have had a 3rd party expert review before doing anything
Don't have to worry about battery replacement in a NIO !
What PR disaster for Hyundai! I am sure it will cost them many 60K to get some potential customers back to showroom. Here I have my personal story to share about my BMW X3. No, I am not paid by BMW.   Here is the short version. My 2016 X3 28d (diesel engine) caught on fire when I drove to Victoria airport to catch my flight in late August 2022. The police and firetruck came, also a few good people pulled over with their fire extinguishers. Then the car was towed to BMW Mini Victoria. While trying to figure out what caused the fire, they managed to give us a loaner (a very nice 5 series) to drive. When the loaner was sold to a buyer 3 months later, they then rented a 3 series for me from Enterprise.  As for what happened to the X3, no one at the dealership had seen this before, although it was very likely related to a pending recall. So a small team of BMW engineers was flown in from BMW headquarter in Germany. Finally they decided to ship a brand new engine from Germany. I was told that at the end the parts alone was over 53K! The whole thing took a historical whooping 11 months before I finally drove it out of their parking lot in September 2023. BMW foot all the bills (new engine, labour, car rental for 8 months ). We are very happy to see our car back and we sent nice box of chocolate to the folks who worked relentlessly on this case to wish them a Merry Christmas!
After  Six  😮  Years
Hyundai is a terrible brand.... I work for an auto group that owns a Hyundai dealership, so I technically work for Hyundai. I've never seen more engines pulled in my life... don't buy a Hyundai.
Scammers f that dealership
Did anyone actually confirm the battery wasn’t working?  I hear that they said the space widened so they assume the battery needs to be replaced but I didn’t hear anything about the performance of the battery. Was it not charging?  Was the range impacted?  What were the performance issues that he experienced?
에휴...불쌍한 현대...ㅜㅠ
Let's see.... I buy an old ICE car and fix it myself (for the most part) or I buy a green electric car that can accelerate 0-60 in 2 seconds (not that I want to do that) and potentially lose the car by running over an obstacle on the road (no fault of mine).   Decision made ICE for me.
The moral of the story is, DO NOT BUY AN EV!
EV cars = very expensive disposable flashlights
This is the business model of Apple.   A $3000+ MacPro with a damaged part that may cost $50 to replace, and the Apple Genius guys will try to sell you a whole new $3000+ notebook.  The SSDs and memory are soldered to the system board, so data recovery and or upgrades aren't even possible.
FUCCK. that; Kyle - go to court and take this to a higher court so they can rule against this BULLSH1T NOW; if you hit something small on the road, no way in fken hell you are responsible for thousands of dollars in insurance increase over ten years...like $30k total... because their dumbf__k battery policies which cheat their own customers!!! this is an easy supreme court case. US SUPREME COURT SHOULD RULE ON THIS NOW, BEFORE THOUSANDS OF WELL-INTENTIONED, ECO-MINDED PEOPLE GET SCREWED OUT OF TENDS OF THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS FOR DOING NOTHING WRONG. And this, and du_bf_ck charging fees, are why I'm not f_ck1ng touching an EV until this sh1t is sorted out legally, with respect to insurance, and about $20k other worth of bullshit I'm simply not ever going to pay for if I can keep driving an awesome $5,000 gas car that is uneniably lighter weight, better for road trips, a better dog car, LESS EXPENSIVE, etc. etc. etc. - come on. EV MAKERS AND LEGISLATORS, PULL YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS ON THIS ISSUE NOW! before you lose millions of would be EV owners with these horror stories of capitalism and insurance companies at their worst!
Why don’t you ignore the damage if any and drive it ?
This is very bad propaganda for the manufacturer and that service department...... industry scams + road hazard
Every car will bottom out sooner or later.   Roads aren't perfect. Scrapes on the bottom of cars are expected.     So, driving the car will end the warranty??
Bought a washer machine years ago, had it for 3 years till  the electric motor went kaput. Tried to buy a new motor , the price of the motor alone was 512$ plus tx and shipping. The washer was paid 399.99 brand new.   Tell me its not a scam!!!!!!electronic is an easy way to scam people and nothing is done by the gouverment, because they are collecting tx on everything is sold in Canada.....we ended up buying an older model for 125$ that is still working and parts also are cheap. IM NOT BUYING NEW CRAP, SPECIALY CARS  OR APPLIANCE.
Something if fishy about this story. Lot of FUD in the comments too.
2:50 the invoice shows the list and net price to be 6649.98 but the amount is 56, 649.98. WHY THE DISCREPANCY? seems like the actual cost of the battery isn't 56, 649. Something smells fishy here.
Car manufacturers are making $60k cars throw away items...... Outrageous.
Two words come to mind:  COMPUTER PRINTERS.   Stores are practically giving printers away, but they'll nail you when your toner/color cartridges wear out.   Same thing with electric cars.  You'll get screwed when the time to replace the battery comes for X or Y reason.
This is what happens when the government mandates EVs. The production market and the consumer market isn't ready.
Kyle is getting a good life lesson here.  He was way too naive and supine with his dealer.
What’s the  government of Canada doing about regulating this EV vehicle manufacturers Ripping off people like this. Ban this people type of car manufacturers from Canada.  All the Ev cars are just a brick. People don’t invest in  Electric vehicles , it’s a big scam.
If you look at the list and net price of the battery on the invoice, the battery is $6649. The dealership is marking it up $50000. Why hasn't anybody noticed a $50000 dealer or manufacturer markup, whichever one is marking it up to $50000. The part list price and the net price on the invoice is 6,649.00, not 56,649.00.
The way out of this is to come up with a battery standard, in the same way that ICE car batteries are pretty much interchangeable aside from voltage and amperage considerations.
never buy an EV car is all a lie .  people are so stupid to rush fake indoctrination "safe the Planet for green fuel " in which the car manufactory  industry are against  you to go thru this .  this is not a single case Tesla was doing it in last five years .
Are you sure someone didn't  put the decimal point in the wrong place?    How does it go from 6649$ for the the price of 1 battery to 56649$ in the last column? This dealer sounds very sketchy. It all sounds like bullshit to me.
"He felt like he did avoid the object".... yea bro i'm sure you didn't hear all that damage lol, 100% warranty void
This is why I would never purchase an EV now.  The technology is just not ready until these batteries get to a reasonable price about $100 at the most. It is not worth it.
Attention prime minister Trudeau. How can you force the people to buy an EV if there’s issue like this?
Getting a new engine 2k. Getting a new battery 60k😮
Moral of the story: Don't buy a garbage ass Hyundai.
EVs just keep getting "better and better" lmao
"There's a scratch on a cover, your warranty is void."  How convenient.
So who is benefiting from scamming the poor driver, the mechanic that diagnose this should be fired. Just don’t buy Ionic 5 and boycott the car.
Shouldn't have bought this junk in the first place, and now they want you to buy another?
Trying to save money on gas you'll pay later when you have to replace the fkng battery!
OMG.  LOOK FOR OPENERS.   THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A 50 OR 60K HYUNDAI  !!!    F. EV's.   I HAVE ABSOLUTELY ZERO INTEREST IN THEM. I ❤ MY CHALLENGER  HEMI-V-8.  AND MY  TOYOTA 4RUNNER  !!!   I SEE PEOPLE BY THE MALL. SITTING THERE AT CHARGING STATIONS FOR HOURS CHARGING UP THEIR STUPID EV's.   I CAN FILL UP CHALLI AT CHEVRON IN A FEW MINUTES  !!!   CHEVRON W TECHRON ❤❤❤  FK.  EVs !!!!    TESLA, BOLT, LIGHTNING. ALL JUNK !!!  ZERO INTEREST  !!!!!    EV's ARE GAY !!!!   😂😂
Well, It seems that happends in all countries. Here in MX, we have the same issues with dealerships. It's all about business....
Kia/Hyundai dealers is probably the most sleaziest dealers.
E V S are trouble and worse
This is why you don’t want to get involved in one of these P.O.S’s. I wouldn’t want to have one of these “liberal saviors” of the environment burst into flames in my garage or when I was inside of one. The cost of the battery pack is just the beginning. Because of the outrageous weight of these Democrat mobiles, they need tires frequently. Crash SAFTEY is suspect as well…….. we should be leery of anything our government wants to SHOVE DOWN OUR THOUGHTS! A much better technology is being largely ignored by our “Supreme leaders”. Is Hydrogen. Yes they are hybrid electrics, but their battery pack is much smaller and less expensive, they do not have a propensity for catching fire. They are lighter so, no rapid tire wear. They emit water out of their exhaust and that water makes up part of the cooling system for the battery pack. Full on electric cars are for morons…..
Sounds like a scam by the dealer and a sorts timid customer. They took advantage of the owner. He should get a lawyer if not too late. Thus is a scam. Period.
Looking at the "damage", it is clear there is no real damage to the battery pack, and unless he was having error codes, or major battery degradation after the "impact", I would have not even brought this up to a dealer.  Also - why is this car being built with only a plastic lining covering the battery pack? Why is there not some type of metal skid plate situated underneath the battery?    This is a case of somebody being SOOOO cautious - that it actually cost them money because of them being a worry wort.
Evs are pure speculation, nothing more, and they will never be more
Writing off a practically brand new car because it has some scratches on the cover that actually protects the battery is ludacris! Why couldn't the cover be removed, the battery then thoroughly inspected, and then a new protective cover installed if the battery was found to be unharmed? The cover did it's job in protecting the battery and should be just be replaced. The whole EV idea has been shoved down our throats by our government and that in itself should make one open their eyes and think about it. Just my opinion.
Enjoy your throwaway toy.
LOL, maybe they should have bought an American Car. this is about the 4th time I've heard this story on this car and it's always a little different. Do you know why people use independant shops and not the dealers to do all their work after a car has some age? Because it cost so much at the dealer. there are starting to be shops around the USA that work on this very thing and it's very likely that the place on his pack could have had a patch put on to seal the pack and him just keep on driving given that he drove it in to start with. Jesus, had you all been around in the early 1900s you would have hated gas cars preferring the horse and buggy.
The protection cover needs a protection cover
Consider it taxpayers getting their money back from you.  Seems fair.   🙂
Surely from such a minor impact if the protction plate didnt protect the battery then that is poor and inadeqate design/workmanship and therefore replacement covered under warranty. What sort of consumer protection does Canada have?
That Hyundai is going straight to Ukraine with a salvage title lol
It's not a dealership, it's a stealership.
Gas or diesel is the way, this stuff is not ready at all.
Hyundai: When it absolutely, positively has to be worthless overnight.
The dark side of EV's. It needs to improve.
Did they ever check the original battery for damage?
Battery "COULD" be affected therefore your warranty is voided.  Every single lawyer in the country should be salivating to take on this case.
Listen from 6:54 to 6:58 (+/-) and there is the #1 reason why forcing EV technology is worse than today's combustion engine cars: There is NO way people will spend thousands of dollars on new battery systems for their car with 160,000 kilometres (100,000 miles). People will decide to get a new car instead, but nobody will buy that used EV knowing the cost to replace the heart of the car, which means we will end up with an ever-growing pile of cars somewhere because recycling them will be expensive.  . . . and don't get me started on the "we don't manufacture that part anymore" when you decide to waste your money on a new battery system for your 10 year old car.  This is worst than the VW Diesel fiasco because the government is now forcing us into this BS technology that even car manufacturers are quietly realizing EVs are not viable.
Avoid EVs at all costs.
List price on the break down said 6600… how tf does it end up being 58k.
EVs are a scam idk how these normie NPCs dont see through the BS
I buy a honda, toyota or Perodua. No headache. Period.
Hyundai EV's - hard pass based on this story.  My keeping ICE Subaru another 100k miles is looking better and better until the industry sorts through all these issues.
effffffffff hyundai! how dare they ask him to buy another car
Let's face it ALL EVs are just worthless.
Not an EV problem it’s a Hyundai problem
EVs are not viable until this shit is solved
Lawsuit
This guy was rammed. Lol “you interested in buying another hunk of horseshit?” You cant make this shit up!
This smells like fraud , waste , and abuse
Don't buy ev
Is an EV with an old battery worthless? Yes.
This just seems to be a lot more with the actual dealership and not Hyundai the manufacturer
Their gas cars are horseshit too 😂
Bye bye Hyundai....Jezzzzz!
Another proof that fully electric vehicles are not viable yet. Without completely new battery technology electric vehicles are neither ecological nor economically viable.
Excellent video, thank you. I  didn't know that EV batteries are that delicate and cost that much. This is VERY valuable information.
Most techs are unable to diagnose and repair a battery pack's individual components.  So at massive cost they replace the entire thing and ship the old pack to corporate to get refurbished.  This should eventually change but, that is how things are now.
I looked into buying a used EV.  I discovered most owners sold the car when the battery was predicted to die.  The replacement costs for the battery would be higher than the car price.  I wound up buying a new electric motorcycle where the battery can be replaced by hand for hundreds of dollars.  Removable batteries are a huge selling point to me for any sort of EV because of replacement issues.
The real question is how does the battery cost 56k in a vehicle they sell for 60k?
Ite stories like these why I won't be buying an EV any time soon
This is the reason why consumers back off from EVs. Much higher costs compared to ICE with very little advantage. I drive a Tesla BTW but would recommend anyone to buy a hybrid instead.
EV are shit
This sounds like a scam. This poor guy got scammed out of a proper vehicle inspection. Based off of the images shown in the video, it’s likely that that battery pack was not damaged but I am no expert.
The quote says its $6649.98. In both boxes. I think someone added the 5 at the beginning.  There is no way the battery is 60k
I empathize with Kyle's situation; it's unfortunate that there seems to be no room for recourse. Logically, one would assume that insurance should be able to backtrack and Hyundai Korea could step in to assist.  It's disheartening that Kyle, who didn't cause the accident intentionally and lost his driving records, is now facing the prospect of doubling his insurance costs for the next ten years.  I'm left with several questions. What prompted Kyle to get the car checked after hitting the debris? Did the car display an engine code? Was it inoperable, or did he decide to have it inspected simply because it was a new car, and it seemed prudent after a significant shock during a road trip? Regardless, taking the car to the dealer promptly was the right move. Ignoring the incident and continuing to use the car could have left him liable for any subsequent issues, such as a fire, down the line.  It's a tough situation, and I wish Kyle would update us on his insurance details and the outcome of the situation. Hopefully, ICBC can apply logic and reconsider his case. Kyle should be able to maintain his driving record without enduring a doubled insurance cost each month for an entire decade.  It would be great if Kyle considers seeking support from his local Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) to petition ICBC for a review. If Hyundai can reimburse ICBC for the incurred costs and contribute to a reevaluation of Kyle's driving risk, it could potentially bring about a more just resolution. Good luck, Kyle; you have the support of over 10 million people watching this unfold.
EV’s won’t work. No engine cost more than the car.
My 03 vw TDI gets 48mpg on highway and cost  me 4500 bucks. I can do all repairs at home in the garage. People that bought into the EV fad getting what they deserve is pretty funny.
Hyundai Canada should have implemented these changes from the start of selling these units and not have to modify the process when customers get burned. As a owner of three past gas units, we are going to look at these points and unfortunately avoid Hyundai in the future purchases. As we say here... C'est La Vie.
this changed my mind of buying a Hyundai
I saw a video about a guy quoted I think $25,000 for a Tesla battery. He went to an independent garage and got one for $10,000.  I just watched another example on the "Rich Rebuilds" channel, who has a Tesla repair business: quoted $22,500 by Tesla for a replacement, repaired for $5,000 by RR. You should do a collaboration video with him.
I would say Canada has a problem if the consumer protection laws don't override stupid warranties like this.
It seems they manipulated bill ... List amount is 6649.89 List amount is 6649.89 and total amount is 56649.89... it looks like they add that extra 5 which is 50K on top of 6649.89.  This bill cannot be trusted. Channel should have done due diligence and not go with bill that was presented. unless Dealer was just marking up part price  i do not believe battery will cost more than a car itself.
Anyone with half a brain would know this is nonsense
Thanks for informing us. Next car will definitely not be an ev.
That is why folks need to buy only Tesla EV.  The cost of battery replacement is less than 15k even if something goes wrong.
The bullshittery of Canada and USA like this is quite unique and highly questionable - what the actual fuck ? 0 damage was done to the battery as clearly shown on pictures, a small scratch and a missing plastic cover ? Good to know not to go for Hyundai.
uneducated population.  The "carbon footprint" and the environment, Both claims are not true.  EV have substantially higher impact. Take mining, fresh water usage in the battery industry, disposal of old battery banks and how the electricity is produced to charge the vehicles.
way more expensive than a replacement Tesla battery pack.
As a Hyundai tech I see these all the time and dont forgot how many of these get recalled for fire risk.
Nobody is buying EVs and this will continue that trend
Electric vehicles suck.
Without reading all the details: Replacement batteries have excessive prices intentionally. They are legally required to sell replacement parts (also batteries!) to everyone who wants them to ensure a free market. The problem is that they also have to keep replacement batteries in storage for 10 or mor years after production ended (although this is not a legal requirement but a pretty standard procedure). So they don't want to sell them to anyone. And this is where the fun begins that applied to EVs since 2009: The replacement pack is sold for 60k and the old pack will be refunded for ~55k on the same bill. So the real cost is ~5k but not the price.  But the other possibility is that dealerships use this as anchor point to sell new vehicles or discourage people from buying EVs.
EVs make no friggin sense in the real world
I don't understand why anyone would bye such a boring, nondescript car anyway.  Yes a car (wagon) not a real suv either.  This one more reason will NEVER own an electric car.
*The $tealership is trying to rip off the customer...what a surprise!*
The real endgame of the EV was to prevent affordable free movement of the masses. The bottom line is the majority of ordinary people will not be able to afford a car at all! *"You'll be happy, and go nowhere!"*
@Motormouth *EVs keep proving they are shite!*
Dealers=stealers
They are all junk
This is exactly why goverment mandates are a waste of everyones time and effort.
EVs are merely a steppingstone to NO car at all for us unwashed
Disgusting.  That this even has to be done.
Ill stop lowering my emissions when companies that make mil and bil are forced to do the same. Why does it ALWAYS FALL ON INDIVIDUALS TO DO THE RIGHT" THING. GTFOOH
For a $60,000 CA repair the dealer the Dealer should have pulled the battery cover & shown the owner the damage. The dealer decided to sell a new car instead of actually fixing the car. This is evident by the overpriced repair estimate they had no intention of repairing the car.
Thus is why this whole electric car ish force seems sketchy
stick to gas-powered cars. you can save some headache later on!
welcome to reality. Since Kyle has started to investigate, try educating yourself about the true cost of battery mining and manufacturing and its lifespan. Nothing about EV is reducing the carbon footprint.
that's the problem with EV. more than half the cost of the car is the battery. And the fact they can't (or won't) go in and fix individual battery cell is a problem for long term EV ownership.
Motormouth? I couldn't agree more. What a bunch of bull. Cautionary Tale? More like a Fairy Tale.
If he hit road debris and the oil pan got ripped off, his warranty would be voided then too and it should go through insurance
HAHA. I love it! This really sticking it to the climate change morons.
Wow! 1 year old vehicle, mild nicks on a plastic cover and $60K replacement. That is insane! AVOID EVs and Hyundai Canada! Thank you for covering this. What they should do is take the pack out and replace any damaged cells. But there aren't mechanics at stealerships anymore. They simply remove and replace parts. They wait for a scanner to tell them what to do. Keep your old car!
Oh boy what a non story. Car hits something in the road, scratches battery protection tray, remove battery protection tray by removing a few bolts, check battery is unmarked, replace battery protection cover and carry on driving car. You're welcome.
60k Make you cry like a baby 😂😂😂😂 I worry about my $ 150. Battery
The future of automotive repair. Cars so complicated that you need to take it to the dealer for work... and they can charge anything they want.  After all these years, car companies are finally getting around the right to repair.
Great video however, this isn’t a new issue. Local Hyundai dealer issues leading to improper communication with Hyundai Canada, have existed for years/decades. Likewise, Hyundai Canada not properly enforcing processes at their dealerships. It’s absolutely more apparent in this situation where the dollar value is absurd.   Definitely needs to be fixed before I purchase a Hyundai again, let alone an EV.
Tesla Cybertruck's extra 50 kWh battery pack is $16,000 US
oh my god. those dealerships and insurance companies with their ways to rip or SCAM people..!! 😒 if this me. i well take this case to the next level and make it an fraud or something like that..!!!!! how you GUDGE the battery condition by JUST TAKE A LOOK ON THE PROTECTIVE COVER FOR THE BATTREY.??? this don't make any sense.. THIS IS A CHESSY WAY TO SCAM. if i know Kyle i would suggest him to escalate the situation.
Never deal with Hyundai. That's a scam!
North American regulations will have to pry my ICE vehicles from my cold, dead hands.   Most of my work team drives Teslas and EV's now... and they are always having issues.   Not worth my time.
Wouldn’t be any different than replacing the engine, transmission and exhaust components in an ICE vehicle.
This is an issue of dealership markup. If you google search the part number, it can be found significantly cheaper than the $56k quote. Sometimes I feel they mark up the prices so much, because they just don't want to do the job.
I can immediately see why Kyle’s car had a problem - he bought an electric car and actually drove it.
The same as electric power tools.
Just not worth it to do the "green thing" . I like my 13 year old gas- guzzler =  , 35mph . Don't have to wait in line at the very few charging stations, especially on long trips into the middle of nowhere,  and don't tell me just as many gas cars catch fire as electric barbecue cars.. LOL Oh and my HOA is discussing not letting EV's park in their garages as they already have had 2 EV fires and never had a gas engine fire.
Certainly  will not by their product.  Will wait for a couple of years. Andclet them stew for a while.
The first words that come out of an EV owner's mouth when something goes wrong is “I didn’t think…”. Exactly.
never buy an EV
12:20 terrible advice here. First you should research outside of the controlled information the dealership is giving you. Rich Rebuilds electrified garage, Tes;a battery rebuilds... if they can do it to that why not an ionic? The answer is They can. A battery is a battery. 18650 cells arent some "alien" objects.... They are just big AA batteries.
11:30 You shouldnt have had to and that is the scam. Your car was just fine. You got bamboozled poor guy.
This is why you buy Tesla instead.  A Model 3 battery swap is still pricey, but more reasonable at about $12K.
They really offered him a deal on a new car 😂 like why would he or anyone whos watched this video EVER buy a Hyundai, I’d want a discount as a new customer
Make no mistake - no one should buy an EV unless they are rich (i.e. could light $100k on fire without significantly impacting their financial situation in either the near or longer term). Hybrids (including what are referred to as "mild hybrids", like many mainstream luxury vehicles) are the best way forward for the time being regardless of what CEOs, politicians or the government will tell you. Range, range degradation, insurance costs, battery replacement costs, battery warranties, charging, charging infrastructure, repairs in general, etc. are all not where they need to be for EV's to truly be viable for someone who doesn't have money to burn.
Liberals problems.
Ns, folks are finally beginning to catch on to the scam of EV's.
Not a very experienced car owner here. First find out if the battery is damaged, what are the indications of a damaged battery, does it not charge or fail to have the range expected? If they are not going to honor the warranty and the insurance company is totaling the car what are you thinking? Go to an independent shop and have this checkout it doesn't have to be a federal case unless you are planning to head to court for what is likely to be a long drawn-out fight but with a good law firm you might win or not. If you want to drive the car first find out if it is really damaged. But then I guess that ship has sailed.
You can't force someone to buy these piles of junk especially when the system is not ready . This is way on down the road
2:09 That "COVER" isnt even Attached to the battery. Its an UNDERTRAY / Piece of plastic meant to help the air travel smoother across the bottom of the car. Go look under a Ford Focus or Fiesta,, a non EV no big battery... but guess what... THEY HAVE THE SAME PLASTIC UNDER TRAY! If they didnt remove that They couldn't make any assumptions about the condition of the battery as they could not see it yet. Just like with a Focus.. you cannot change the oil because you cannot see the oil pan without removing that plastic. Dealership is on the hook for a massive lawsuit at this point, and were only 2 mins into the video!
Why they didn't took that cover off?? Something is very fishy here. Also, these ev are hot garbage. Here, winter lasts 8 months, and it's not a viable option. If you like the government being able to shut down your car if you don't have the right opinions, and your driving habits being sent to your assurance then buy a EV. EV has nothing to do with environmental issues, it's about control. Npc being npc.
I’ve owning electric skateboards since 2017. After so many battery issues I wouldn’t buy an electric car in the next 10-20’yesrs
This is dumb. I don't know how many times of $60k Hyundai will lose after this report floats up.
Thanks for making this video! We need these stories to be heard, to hold the car markers & dealers accountable, and push for improvement of process and industry practice!
Sounds like dealers are getting shafted with these EV cuck cubes they're being forced to buy/create.
Because the car itself has no value what so ever that's why a battery is more expensive than a whole car they're basically selling you the battery and giving you the car for free
You made a whole video about a typo. The invoice clearly says the battery pack is $6649, and the labor is almost $2k. Somebody (accidentally?) added a digit in the next column. $8k is still a lot, but it’s not $60k. You showed the invoice, did nobody catch this?
Stealerships have to disappear. They are ruining the car market.  Companies relay in there for your car warranty but in reality, most of them are NOT trained to work in your car. Also let’s not forget about the “ Market adjustment “ amounts that they are imposing over the MSRP.  I’m due to get a new vehicle, since mine is 14 years old and it’s having all kind of problems and I don’t know what to buy….
Wow this video has done well
I'm just waiting for the EV gate scandal like we had with VW diesel
Sounds like the mechanic just wrote it off.
Think about how much fuel you can buy for 60,000$
I wonder why none of the manufacturers, except Tesla, can sell their electric cars.
Dealership or Stealership?
It sounds like the battery protective cover is not fit for purpose and of unmerchantable quality.  It seems to me that this failure by Hyundai to anticipate that a car might run over an unavoidable obstruction on the road and provide a sufficiently robust undercover is a product design failure and the manufacturers fault.   I believe that Teslas are even worse in respect of the undercover protection.    It stands to reason that as important and expensive a component as a battery pack should be better protected from external damage.
There is NO INFRASTRUCTURE. The batteries are $$$ and toxic as hell.  This is insanity.  It's a Green Hell.
that's what you deserve for buying that ugly ev heap lol
I was just about to trade in for a Kona EV. I think ill pass now and look for something else instead.
Something don’t smell right, I think there’s a possibility that they tried to screw this poor man over because of racism
Dealers are scammers
This is actually the real cost of purchasing new technology, and, why I’ll continue to wait for EVs to improve
This is 1 reason why I have not considered and will still stay away from any electric/electrified cars.  Internal combustion engine is still be the DOMINANT power plant of any cars.
Grow up. If you can afford a $60,000 car you not need to be talking about this nice try.
Should of bought a V8
I don't think it's really weird in a way, because Batteries are really really expensive to begin with. Batteries in China are cheaper than in Canada. Also, mass production and delivery plays a role. Let's put it like this: if i want to have 1 single orange shipped from Valencia, Spain sent all the way to the midwest in America, despite that orange only costing let's say 50 pennies, it'll be like what, 500 USD when it arrives. However, buying that orange locally in Valencia would only be 50 pennies. If you order 10 thousand of them, 5 miles from Valencia, they might only be 30 pennies.  If you take that example, it's pretty logical that a battery(pack) can be more expensive than the entire vehicle if you switch the orange to batteries, especially if you have to include the labor to remove the old battery ( which is complicated ), then install the new battery, and have a 'warranty' on it.  It's not about being bonkers, it's about explaining the process.   Also, if we consider that EV batteries are essentially an integral part of the 'engine' of an EV, then if that fails, it needs a 'new' engine. Now if you take a brand new VW Golf, let's say that's 30k USD. if the engine goes stink, and needs replacement, well, a brand new VW Golf engine - not a second hand, used, older one, no a literal brand new one, complete, not just a component, but the entire thing including transmission, i think easily will set you back 15k USD. easily. then it involves man hours to mount, etc. so i assume you'd spend like 20k for a replacement there too.   Yes, that's not the same as the total vehicle cost, but it's again an example to show how the 'finances' work, taking into account EV's are 'behind' in service and maintainence compared to ICE vehicles, especially the ease on replacing things.   Is it bonkers in the end - sure. Should you get a lawyer and sue Hyundai for this? Hell yes.  I'm not really surprised to be honest. These things however 'need' to happen and 'will' happen until in a decade or two times will change and have improved for the EV market to become better maintainable.
Don’t buy Hyundai.  We have 2 people who have Ioniq Hybird.  Both out of warranty but went to complain to media and got free batteries.  But this guy is still in warranty.  Hyundai corporate policy is trash.  Don’t buy Hyundai, they can easily be worst than Chinese cars.  Only people who really stand by their warranty are Japanese and Europe as my experience.  Don’t buy Hyundai.  Engine fires and EV battery problems.  The PR lady is just babababa mumbo jumbo, word spaghetti and go away previous customers.
Well at least the scam of EV's  and this climate change BS narrative that accompanies it is starting to come to life.  Advice: Dont buy an EV. You're really not helping the environment, nobody cares what your carbon footprint is and they're a rip off in the short and long term. There's nothing wrong with gasoline vehicles.
Just start saving
for Driving record, the young person will need to buy a used gasoline car with manual transmission, like a corolla, to save $$.
The young driver must have taken the car for a joy ride/test drive.  I was young many times, and I know how that feels.  Luckily I was poor and had to buy all of my cars while paying for my parents debt, lending me to control myself.    After the video, I will be careful buying a used EV and have it fully inspected.
How about following up on the Insurance agent as well. Safe driver hits road debris and his insurance doubles for the next 10 yrs.  Scratched "protective skid plate" equals double insurance????
Ev's are not worth the time and money it's all a scam
Do not buy this junk
Hyundai dealership dropped the ball, Hyundai Canada & the dealership should do the right thing and replace the car with a new one of more value taking into account his insurance rates will double every year for 10 years because of this ordeal…. They screwed a customer totally and it’s on them to do the right thing and make sure he’s not the one getting the short end due to their neglect.
They always do that, say you had an accident. Keep away from car dealer repair shops.
The former US president tried to warn us.
This happened to me with VW, had to personally contact VW North America multiple times in order to resolve my issues.
lul, why are people surprised. Only suckers and cultists buy EVs
I ve learn something -Go Brandon , Go electric
Maybe your next video should be talking about the insurance system that punishes this person, when obviously his situation doesn't warrant him being punished as a 'bad driver.'
Korean cars and Tesla are both very bad about honoring warranties.
Seems like every time I hear one reason to buy an EV I hear 5 reasons to not buy one.
Many of the people that buy Cybertrucks are going to learn a hard lesson if they go off road about what the underside of a vehicle goes through. Stay tuned for that mess.
This sounds like this could have been a great deal for Kyle.  Where I live, if a car is a write-off, you get the insurance payout and then have the option to keep the car for scrap value (a few hundred bucks).  So Kyle could have gotten the payout for the value of the car _and_ kept it, effectively netting himself a brand new car for scrap price.  We all know dealerships are scam artists, so the reality is that there was probably nothing wrong with that car aside from the surface scratches.  But, even if the battery _were_ damaged, he could've taken it to a third-party battery refurbisher, had them replace the damaged cells (instead of the whole battery pack), and gotten the job done _way_ cheaper.
This was predictable before he even bought the car.  Price of virtue signaling.
Here is the truth - Hyundai is selling a new car at the price of its battery.
Goodbye IONIC what lousy incredulous service FU
So I know it looks like very minor damage, a lot of folks might be thinking why would they condemn a battery?  I work in the heavy duty truck industry as a technician. Cummins put on a training seminar one year at a TMC meeting on aftertreatment systems (Diesel oxidation catalysts, Diesel particulate filters, and SCR catalysts). They said that one of the most common causes of failure of these devices is the vehicle taking impact damage, not necessarily a direct impact to the component. We are talking about fragile components made from ceramic. If an SCR catalyst is cracked it is not a dangerous situation, it will cause premature failure of the catalyst but you don't have to worry about the truck burning to the ground. A battery in an electric vehicle is a complex component with roughly 7000 individual cells, multiple controllers to charge/discharge the battery, monitor cell condition and balance cell charge, etc. I don't blame a dealership for condemning a component that could defect internally that you cannot see because of impact damage, you have no idea how hard the bottom of that car was hit. If they were to tell that customer everything is fine don't worry about it and a couple months later that car burns his house down because there was a damaged cell in a pack, now the dealership and the technician become liable, maybe not criminally but in civil court they could get their asses handed to them.
Best advice would be to ignore your desire to be an eco-zealot/virtue signaller/gullible mong and buy a vehicle that doesn't void its warranty simply by being driven on the public roads!
Future is EV . . . . 😂 my ass
Electric car is failing.
Just don't buy an electric car. Problem solved.
no regret for naiv people buying hyped ideology. lesson learned😂
Just don't buy an electric caar. Problem solved.
I will never buy a piece of CRAP..😂😂😂😂😂
You can actually get aftermarket batteries for less than $5K!!!!!!!!!          Speak to battery manufacturers.
Not believable... seems just tried to catch attentions and more veiwers
There was this company in England that claimed it had a patent on single use batteries that were recyclable and could power a car at costs comparable to a tank of gasoline.   Perhaps car companies should be looking at this technology to replace those expensive lithium ones.    How much would a battery powered car cost if it came without the battery?   And the battery itself was only $100-$200 to install and replace every couple of years.
Materials for batteries are hard to come by with all the competition worldwide in the EV industry.   Costs will always be astronomical.   Battery powered vehicles are Not the future. Simply a stepping stone to something. More realistic for example hydrogen powered
Reminds me when i had a yaris and the dealership wanted to do an overhaul that costs more than the car was worth lol obviously they didnt want the business. Seems like the same kinda thing with evs
This is why electric vehicles are not worth it, do they help the environment ehh I’d have disagree because of the charging of them and putting out carbon footprints that’s just as bad as exhaust, so congrats on your purchase auto makers are in for money that’s why they will not cover anything really after you buy one and ohhh the depreciation of value :)
If he makes the claim, his insurance will go up 50%, what’s he going to do? Change insurer and buy a 20 year old ICE vehicle. Then become THE greatest irritation the EV industry by embarking on a major public campaign.
Time for the people to wake up - EVs have a huge carbon footprint.
Actually this should be a wakeup call to the insurance companies that the costs are becoming insane.   Said insurance companies should get together and put price limits on repairs.  And cars that exceed these price points will not be able to get insurance.   Period.    Cars used to be reparable.  But. The way things are going it's going to be too expensive to repair even a new car.    Thousands to replace headlights because they put a sensor cluster in the headlights?  That's insane.   Insurance companies need to act and act soon.  Or they won't be able to stay in business if minor fender benders can be causes for junking out newish $40k plus cars.   A scratch on a battery cover scrapped out a 50k car?  This is becoming normal.  Do something before it's too late.
Sounds like a scam, Yh you have a protection cover but if it does its job you need to pay $60000
Your fault for buying a damn EV
would the battery cost that much if he experienced the same situation in Korea?
Keep saving money on gas but waisting your money on EV.
And with this my dreams of owning an ev are completely dead. I just drove over some highway debris (think it was a tire) taped up my bumper and kept it moving. Had it been an EV I would have been screwed.
Is this how electric vehicles save the world? They bankrupt the buyer so they can't even buy a gasser? XD
If you do some research, a battery pack costs about 25 to 30k for the Hyundai ionic. Not 60k. Also individual cells can be replaced at 4.5k .
ICE is superior in every way
How is electric sustainable with these crazy repair costs? Every one of these damn things turns into a giant e-waste appliance when damaged.
Stupid Biden wants to make these stupid electric vehicles compulsory, kick the nutcase out.
If your battery cover is damaged then your car is written off and your insurance premiums go up, you would be nuts to own an electric vehicle.
You always have a few dollars for some gas or oil change but you don't always have $60000 for a new battery or new car.
The biggest joke of the century: Big, profit hungry megacorporations claim that they 'love the planet' and say that their products 'protect the planet'.
Another cellphone scam.
Boah whats happens when its get rusted in a few years....   😢  I where not worried about a scratch and had them removed the cover.  Sure you will need an expert to do any job on a battery repair but blind changing parts is a nono.  I would keep the car  and let it professionell checked.  I hope he will go well out of this story😮
Electric vehicles are a complete joke, they are an expensive worthless ticking time bomb.
The only solution I see is to remove these climate change propaganda government out of office and bring power back to the people with choices not tyranny
Absolutely bloody disgraceful of Hyundai and the Insurance company both just wanting to Rip people off. The only interested in themselves and there rich owner's and Shareholders who dodge paying taxes etc. Its actually Criminal. 😡😡🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡
Electric vehicles are expensive disposable toys, worthless when they need a new battery.
let me tell you what they will do with the car.  they will inspect it and decide the damage is only to the cover and will sell it again. but it's better for the to F with customers. the moment the battery gets damaged or degrades too much EV's value drops to 0. These companies literally chasing people away from EV's.
Straight theft
The question is are all EV's warranty coverage the same or is this only symptomatic of Hyundai?
How can they sell the car for that price then? I would never buy electric anyway its inconvenient, unreliable, dangerous and most definitely not cost effective.
What a stupid person (car owner) can trigger.
I Will keep drive my euro 4 turbo diesel engine mercedes. F**k this shit
And the EU plans on banning the sale of gas powered cars in 2035... 😅
Well this is the absolute worst PR the hyundai ioniq could receive all because of this dealership lol. I wonder how much their sales have dropped since this story released.
More fool who buys theses crappy electric cars
Not fair! This will discourage people to purchase an electric vehicle.
Motormouth? 🤡
Hyundai does the same black service no matter where you are unless in Korea - Experince of living in both the country. Thus I will never buy a Genises, Hyundai nor Kia among their other sub brands.
Fred the Scottish Twerp working as Propagandist for Charles III said the Warranty was Void to the BC Man. The Hyandai Fiasco was an Insurance Scam by the Insurance Company. He needs to call the RCMP to handle this issue. The car is not damaged. He is being lied to. I own Hyandai. Queen of Canada and Royal Chieftain of Indians of America. The Car is Made in Ontario not Korea.
its a third world car so thats what you get i watched a guy on Y T pull a tesla battery out it was so well protected you couldnt damage it if you want to so stick to cars made in the U S
What a terrible joke of a policy being mandated by governments!!! EV's are a disaster and this idiocy cannot go on for much longer! EV's will be extinct within a very few years. Mark my words... Advice for potential EV buyers.. How much money do you want to throw away?
What a colossal waste of money and damage to environmental. Trashing a perfectly working car.
Hyundai is like the nissan of Korea. They boost everything in their ICE, but poor reliability everywhere. They can't even get ICE correct......
He should sue the dealership for the additional cost of insurance he will have to pay. That or the dealership can work out the issue with his insurance company so that he doesn't get the hit on his insurance. Which would probably mean they need to repay the insurance company the cost of what they paid out to close out the title as a loss. The US should pass a law these batteries in these cars should be made a lot more easy to replace and much cheaper.
😊 I'll carry on driving my 2003 Rover 75. 210k miles and 50mpg. Far better for the environment than these SCAM EV's 😂
Fully electric cars make no sense its just trendy  .  They cost 10k more than regular engine car plus after 8 or 9 year you need new bettery pack lol i guess more than 10k   On top  long trips  are longer in electric cars
Phuck EVs its a fraud a money sceme and you got to be dumb to buy one. They use oil and deisel to mine the minerals for the battery, and when te life of the battery is over they go into land fill. very environmentally freindly huh plus they blow up and wgen they do its an inferno dangerous money making junk
The battery price of 56k that has been quoted by the dealership has nothing to do with the real price of the battery. Dealships and official brand service shops put a huge premium on the parts so you can't rely on the price you show here... No way this battery is more than 7-8k out of the factory. Since you have  the labor and transportation quoted separately, you can assume the total would be less than 15k. Problem is if you DIY it or repair it in any other way you warranty would get voided. Dealships know that and that's how they make money... it's really corrupt system
Boring
I've been saying this since day one. These EV cars are all bullshit. In 10 years they're all ready for write off, nobody paying 10-60k to replace batteries. And then you have totaled cars and batteries. Even more waste to get rid off. Great for nature these EV's 😃👍
Interesting. At least their gas cars have a 10 year powertrain warranty. I guess the moral of the story is to avoid EVs
maybe I start investing into NIO
Typo lol.
I refuse to belive the battery cost $60 000. This is a fraud. That what it is. We know the price of battery: $90 pr. kwh, around $120 kwh with the battery pack. Hyndai long Range: 77,4 kwh battery = $9288 - that's the price. Then of course there is the work of replacement, which should not take more than 2-4 hours, meaning around $200-400. This is insurance fraud. It's the car company way to try to get more money from a damaged car, but here they made a mistake - they did not relay on the incurance company saying no. If this is not a fraud, it means that every hundai ionique is sold with a gigantic loss. I refuse to belive that, we have cases like this in Norway to. Shame on you Hyundai.
In other words the don’t know how to fix it, so we give a price to make them go away!
This type off bullshit can happen in usa canada or uk nowhere else .why you even need to call  your insurance if the battery working? keep drive the car and forget about this shit. that battery will last abother 20 years you already will be sold that car ...
Electric cars are a big pile of 💩🇬🇧
I sense a lot of corruption going on here with the Hyundai dealer and insurance company. That’s $250 “cosmetic repair” at best!  Insurance company and dealer will write it off, dealer will re acquire the Ioniq for dirt cheap, repair underside for dirt cheap, get the salvaged title erased, and sell the ioniq as factory certified used vehicle for thousands!
I would be curious if I ask Hyundai, if they tell the same as those two person in the car in the video. Because it’s LITERALLY impossible to charge a customer that much money for just a part of an actual product! Because the only way where it can go is that Hyundai selling those Ioniq 5 Modells without profit. And… I’m privately casually seriously doubt that! So. Yes, scary shit, shitty customer service and support from that dealership, it really should be investigated, lawyer involved. We, customers should start a brainstorming and a petition to force manufacturers taking more responsibility for their own products. If the warranty can be lost too easily, it should be written on a website which is looking for those informations and immediately publishing it to help us before buy an expensive ev car. Ev cars are good, good idea by the way, it’s just about responsibility and clarification, who’s going to take it and why. 60.000$ is insane, can be nothing but a misunderstanding ( I’d be curious who was generated it and for what reasons ) and that case showing us that EVs and everything around them is more than just a little uncharted territory.
I planned to buy a Hyndai or Kia EV, no chance now, I'll stay on thermal Audi A8, and Mercedes CLS and later replace them by other thermic cars, in eastern europe they don't like ev so I understand why now...
EVs are a scam!
Governments should push for a battery standaard. This would make them interchangeable and cheaper because after market batteries could be bought.
What Kyle should've done was absolutely nothing, he ran over something on the road, and had a few scratches to the under body protector,  if nothing else seemed to be damaged he should have left it at that, but a new cover, and in two years go trade it in for a new car, but everyone always trying to outsmart the dealers with dubious claims.   Now he's dealing with this drama.
Your intro should be: "THIS VIDEO IS SPONSORED BY TOYOTA" LOLS!
Another reason why hybrids are a  better buy.  I’m sure Toyota loved this story.
This is why I just bought a brand new Lexux ES300h.
A environmentally friendly  car , is repairable,  maintainable  and financially feasible.... EVs are not environmentally  friendly
Like all electric car owners no one done their research before committing. These things area waste of time insurance companies are a million miles away from the reality pushing up insurance costs for everyone.
There an error on the quote fr the battery, the list price and net price is $6649.98, how come the amout became $56,649.98, what is the extra $50K for the battery came from, price error and big mistake.
EV- s are the new scams of auto industry. There is a saying in my country: The juice is more expensive than the meat. (Context is chicken soup). So basically EV users trying to save money end up paying waay more then combustion engine users. I have a 2006 Seat Altea 1.9 TDI, I will use this car until it falls apart, costs around 3 grand, fuel consumption is like 5-6 liter/100 km (39 mpg) what else do you need?
What doesn't make sense is the fact that The battery isn't warrantied. He lives in Canada. You think you might run into a pothole or two. If all EVs void warranties on the batteries because of damage to the bottom of the vehicle then I would not buy an electric vehicle. If you add the fact that cost of a replacement battery exceeds the cost of the vehicle then customer service is non-existent. This is insane, everybody at the dealership  as well as everybody at the Hyundai national headquarters who believes this is reasonable needs to be drug tested. This is non-sustainable.  I can see this easily turning into a lawsuit especially where This buyers insurance goes up for 10 years directly because of this. This information and exact scenario should be clearly disclosed at the time of sale. I knew electric batteries were expensive but exceeding the cost of the actual vehicle is not reasonable. After watching this one video I will never even consider a Hyundai Ionic.
I was going to take a look at IONIQ 5 tomorrow,  after seeing this I decided to look at Tesla instead in the Los Angeles area. Thanks for this video. I dodged the bullet.
The main issue is liability.  This thing gets written off by ICBC,  ICBC auctions off write offs to rebuilders who then repair then resell.  Most of these guys are sketchy at best when going through an inspection test. How can ICBC guarantee that this car does not wind up getting resold then doing a Chernobyl melt down with its new owner  if it does have a battery issue?  This is a joke! Save the planet??  It's more like Save Your Wallet!
The fact that everyone still think EV lowers emissions is insane. Chargers cause more emission problems than all combustion cars together.
1.5 million views (and counting) for Hyundai handling this case absolutely terribly...  Well played Hyundai, well played!
never ever trust a "dealer"
Folks. this is i just the beginning of the great downfall of EVs.
and then you wonder why a lot of EVs are struggling to sell.
1) The battery is just fine (for Hyundai)  2) NEVER by a Hyundai  3) Never by a Hyundai  4) This is a fraud (by Hyundai)
Hyundai should be ashamed of themselves.  The statement they made was typical corporate bullshit.  60K for a battery is nothing less than raping the customers.  Then they try to sell another car to the customer that they just screwed.  Dirtbags
Why buy something that going to cost you a lot of money for replacement batteries
The GM at that store sure has his work cut out for him! The technician and service manager have a lot of explaining to do!
Insanity. I will never buy any car from  that company.
This stupidity is enough for anyone with a shred of common sense to think twice about ever purchasing an electric vehicle. I'd rather buy a gasoline engine, at least you know it's not going to cost more than the "new" car price. I'm sure this very informative video will prevent many people from making the same uninformed mistake that Kyle made.
Doesn't the invoice say that the part is $6649.98 not $56,649.98 ,is the 5 a mistake???
That invoice doesn't make sense
Another out of context exaggerated EV Horror story. 58kwh-77.4kwh batteries are $8+ to $11600 roughly. Not sure what the car was written off before Hyundai corp even found out about it and why the insurance company wouldn't talk and confirm with Hyundai Corporate.
Thats why i would never buy hyundai and kia and they would never be able to get to Toyota honda or Nissan level
Ive been saying it for years they want to make abit money on the car but the real agenda is to make money on batteries and Electric motors. On a normal car we can change parts on the engine so it can keep going. On ev's we can not change parts in the batteries or the electric engines. We habe to Pay to replace them. And they are exspensive
Just another great example of the complete farce that is the case FOR EVs. It's a joke. It is not sustainable on many levels, including the lack of sufficient power production and infrastructure, though now we may add to that list this ridiculous occurrence of having to pay more than what the car is worth to replace a key part. It seems that our overlords' plans to demobilise us come in many guises. Alternatively, it may also just come down to our old friend, greed. Either way, taking into account what is required to build and get EVs to market; mining, materials, manufacturing, shipping, infrastructure requirements and now, cost of ownership, amongst others, EVs are about as sustainable as plastic. The "green" designation has little to do with preserving the environment and more to do with the colour of the money manufacturers and others make by pushing the idea.
Forget about Hyundai. Get a Tesla!
He "feels" like he avoided it??  How do you feel like you avoid something?  He either hit it or not, and looking at those gouges on the skid plate, he definitely felt it..  So, was he having a charging problem or mileage problem before he hit whatever it was in the road?  Or was it immediately after?  You never said why he went to the dealer to have things checked out in the first place.  But I see why.  Kyle never said if the car was working or not before he went to the dealer.   This story makes no sense. Was the car functioning or not?  A Tesla Model 3 battery replacement is like $12 -$14k installed
Insurance companies, no matter the country are ripping off individuals and the fact that they’re allowed to do it under blanket protections is insane.
I would let the insurance pay it off even if is only $45k, let the insurance keep 30% which is $13.5K and I keep the car, drive that shit until it blows up, “it won’t!”. And then get a Honda and be happy ever after.
Just buy Tesla. They are tried and tested. I wouldnt trust any other EV manufacturer.
How do you attract future sales by this lame action? I had Iconic 5 at the top of my list but now removed & will not consider it.
He returned the car to the dealer for a checkup; there was no mention of any symptoms of battery damage. The owner thought that he had actually avoided the object; I would have thought that if the impact had been enough to damage the battery, the driver would have been damn sure to have noticed the impact.
but EV'S ARE worse for the environment just like wind-mills that barely last 5 years and are sent to the scrap-yard. Useless without wind, same as solar power is useless half the day. Politicians fly tens of thousands of miles a YEAR in their private jets yet we need to decrease our carbon footprint. Put a sock in it.
Hyundai was still selling cars in America without theft immobilizers in 2022!  Something is wrong with that company and you couldn't pay me to drive one.
Is it "C Ya in a Kia" Or "F ya in a Kia"!
Hey ... But he's saving the Planet, hahaha.
Ill stick to my dieselgate jetta. 800 miles a tank
Sounds like a dealership scam.....smfh
I’d wait a decade or two before even considering buying an EV. The BS needs to be worked out and prices need to come down!
what a nightmare, i can't believe how Kyle seem so calm about this. gosh i hope the EV trend passes before they force one down my troat...
I don’t care how Hyundai try to spin the story but no battery (as a part) should cost more than the car new. It doesn’t makes accounting sense
Electric cars are a gigantic scam.  They are NOT environmentally friendly.  It's a hoax people.
This is why EVs are garbage.
And the government keeps pushing ppl to buy these cars... it's clearly not ready for market.
So buy the new car, Swap battery and then sell the parts for profits.
And that is why im not buying  that E sh.t any time soon
Pierced my battery in Model Y (don’t ask me, stupid offroad) costed me $16,200 and was done in 1 week.  Kyle why did you not review options in the market!!! Tesla is a leader for a reason .
Well this story guarantees I will never be buying a Hyundai EV. I guess it's back to Tesla.
It only costs $55,000 new because I get massively overcharged and taxed to subsidize that piece of crap. A toy car that costs much more than $55k. Oh, and covering these losses, my insurance rates go up. Park it in your garage and the car catches fire (happens often enough) and my home insurance goes up to subsidize other peoples virtue signaling. Dump the radical climate religion, it's a main force in societies decay.
A scratch to the plastic under cover and they can void your warrantee and force you to change battery? what if I get the same scratch on a gas car? Replacing the transmission at your own cost? I have been looking at a new Tucsun for a few months, now I don't even want to look at any Hyundai anymore.
And our government thinks we will all be driving around in these cars in the next 12 years. Delusional. Hey Kyle go back to a good on gas car. Cheap, reliable and holds resale.
I was planning to buy a Hyundai suv. This story convinced me to buy either a Subaru or Toyota.
Got it, not buying Hyundai  car never ever.
I HAD ENJOYED CONSIDERATION OF AN IONIC 5, BUT HUNDEE IS ABSOLUTELY CRAZY TO THINK THE BATTERY COSTING MORE THAN THE CAR WILL KEEP ME FROM BUYING ONE. THE DEALERS POOR SERVICE IS BECOMING TO OFTEN IN HUNDEE DEALERSHIPS. I TOMORROW WILL TRY TO GET MY BENTLEY GENESIS DEALER TO FIX MY G80 PROPERLY, AGAIN. 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
That’s why I still drive ICE cars
Lol.  Lesson is don't go to the dealer for fixing your vehicle.  They are a scam.  Why you think Tesla does not use Dealers?
EV's are a scam. If you take care of a gas vehicle it can last many decades, there are classic cars from the 50's and 60's around my town still running today.
ev's do not  lower carbon foot print at all.  its pure idiocy to even state that.   you know how much more coal will have to be burned just to charge the ev's if every one had one.   also  the limited resouces and the huge carbon foot print it takes to mine and produce the batteries.    also look at what we do with plastic we just ship it off to poor countries to sit in their landfills  and water ways.  we will do the same with batteries.  cuz that is what recycling is.  the only way ev's will become viable is if they are more realiable then ice vehicles  and  have more energy density then  gas.
That's fucking lunacy. I would fix this myself. Hell I work on batteries. Give my the damn battery! I want to make a power wall. Open the god damn battery and see if the cell are damaged. From what I see there VERY minimal damage. I'D tell them to blow me. HELL I CAN MAKE A BATTERY FOR AROUND $150/kWh even IF it was actually damaged. EV/Plug-In batteries last longer than people realize. Batteries don't explode nor catch fire without a GOOD reason. I'd take at look at the cells immediately. I'm planning on getting a hybrid with a dead battery for cheap and put a massive custom battery for only around $1,000 yet have easily 3x more capacity. People just need to educate yourself and run the numbers and do shit on there own.  Could it have been saved? ABSOFUCKINGLOUTLY
another reason why ev's are not viable
Moral of the story is" EVs are a waist of money & save nothing in terms of money or carbon footprint 😂
Imagine branding the title on your own new, $50,000 car because you scratched it. Why is he pursuing this? It's a dent in a skid plate. Drive the car. This is an indictment of the insurance industry as a whole, not to mention the provincial government in all likelihood.
The issue is the dealership.
Who fucking cares? Don’t buy the car then.
I guess that the protective cover is meant to protect against wind only.
It’s a typo, added 5 in front by mistake.
they support them so that's how they going to get the money.
that's why you have to keep in mind even though the Electric cars are getting more and more common and more ''known'' and developed it's still new and there's always flaws and situations like this where it's just absurd and no actual fair processes was put in place for customers. people getting EV's nowdays are testing them until everything is sorted in maybe 10years or so.  but honestly this dealership is crap clearly putting pressure on the guy to make the insurance claim.
Thank you!  Well I know what brand I will NOT be buying and will be referring everyone I know to this piece.  Hyundai = thanks, NO!
this is the steve jobs business model. have no clue why people worshipped that guy. he hated his customers. he successfully ripped off every single one of them. even after death he is still doing it. not to mention the child slavery ring that mined his ores.
Simple, don’t buy crap like this.
Stay away from EV's don't let the government fool you to purchase these vehicles.  They should be cheaper than any gas vehicle because it has less parts than a gas engine vehicle.  It's a scam from the electric vehicles manufacturers. Anyone  who pays over $40,000 for a new electric vehicle is a fool. All electric vehicles should come with a lifetime battery replacement period.
2 mins in and this is all full of nonsense.  good effort at drama. But Bye Bye !  Do not recommend this channel again selected.  Poof you are gone. Ciao
😂😂😂😂 Get an EV, they said!! 😂😂😂 !
So all you’re paying for is the battery really? Thats bull. That inflated price is crazy. That shit don’t cost the manufacturer that much.
Moral of the story: Buy a gas powered car.
INSURANCE IN CANADA IS A RIP OFF. DOES TRUDEAU OWN THE INUSRANCE COMAPANIES IN CANADA TO?
THEY WILL SELL HIM A NEW BATTERY, THEN TURN AROUND AND SELL THAT BATTERY TO THE NEXT CUSTOMER. THIS IS CALLED A  "SCAM". THE DEALER IS RUN BY THIEVES. AND HYUNDAI IS RUN BY THIEVES. AND THERE CARS ARE CHEAP JUNK ANYWAY. AS FAR AS EV'S THERE ALL JUNK. I DROVE MY LAST DADGE RAM FOR 15 YEARS. THAT BRINGS MY COST TO WON TO LITTLE TO NOTHING. KEEP YOUR AS VEHICLE, OR GO BROKE WITH AN EV. AND IT SOUNDS LIKE HE WAS THREATENED INTO REPLACING THE BATTERY. GUSTAPO MEASURES. DOES TRUDEAU OWN HYUNDAI?
60,000 dollars of junk it’s a Hyundai and the lady in the video to reduce foot print that’s a lie electric car pollute more than a combustion. Wait you might charge your electric car for 15 bucks i bet in five years you going to pay 40 bucks plus when you charge at home you plug in to your grid the electric company pollutes for you electric cars is a scam
Am I the only one who thinks it's a typo?  Looks like a 5 was added to the front of the $6,600 battery price.
I’m not sure about rules in Canada when it comes to insurance. But just switch insurance companies or go through an insurance agency..
the government is 'brainwashing' the public i would never own a EV. the damage it takes to mine for lithium is far worst than any carbon released from modern cars these days. in the USA there is a ton of EV's just sitting in empty lots unsold. like you said they are impractical for driving long distances unless you have hrs to waste at charging stations not to mention the stress you put on the power grid if everyone is plugging in. for these reasons some major car companies have stop production of EV's
Thanks for this very good video. My follow-up question would be.. what actually happens to Kyle's car now?  The insurance company is going to "salvage" it.  Maybe sell it to someone who will replace the battery protection plate and sell it as a 1 year old car with no history of problems?  Would a search turn up the "road accident"?
Classic Canada! Vote in communists, win stupid prizes.
New cars are a scam. Imagine paying a premium, spending 60k to beta test a vehicle.
Sounds like an insurance fraud scam....
EV's, the biggest scam in the history of automobiles.
Is it just me, or has no-one asked what the symptoms were of the issue. Total brick or what?
This kind thing is very common with electric cars and dealers.  Speaking of 2 Nissan dealers locally, your ev can easily become a write off due to simple repairs the dealer greatly overcharges for or is basically unable to do because of untrained ev mechanics.    There is no money for the dealers in servicing the cars they sell.  We recently sold a Nissan leaf for scrap and lost 80% of the investment because the dealer was unable to repair an electronic fault they said would cost $12000 and no guarantee it would work.   We know now of an ev mechanic who could have repaired it.   Buyer beware of dealers.   Its no wonder people won't buy the huge surplus of evs in stock.  There should be a lot of cheap ones soon.
60 grand will by a lot of gas.
Thanks! Very informative. This is exactly what my father (who btw has been an auto mechanic all his life) was talking about 10 years ago - the first people who will buy will be doomed when they will need some repairs, because there are issues like these, there's a lack of auto mechanics for EV's, the pricing will be way off. So many things when entering a beta stage that we are having right now... Hopefully it will get better, but at this point, you have to really want an EV, you can't get it for other reasons, or you're lying to yourself
So in short what I’m hearing is that EVs are gonna reduce the carbon footprint if it’s gonna take $60k worth of work for the replacement part, labor and all that jazz hmmm does not sound like a Green Earth to me personally 🤣. I’d rather ride out gas cars until the wheels fall off.
I would absolutely not consider an EV.
Lucky it didn't actually damage the battery lmao shit would have burst into flames instantly.
1. He lives in Canada.  2. He bought a Hyundai EV. No sympathy from me after you made to really bad choices haha
This is why I drive diesel. Don't ever go EV. The batteries explode randomly and water does not put it out. The typical charge can produce enough electricity for 106 houses.   They lied about electric
Don't buy a korean car period!
What is battery protective cover good for if it can't take road debris scratches. May need to go back to the drawing board.
Evs are bad deal. Dont fall in the trap
I can't believe you clowns got 1.5 MILLION views for this nonsense!!
No EV for me at least until the battery technology improved.
I'm in the united states This doesn't surprise me at all. I've heard such big terror stories about Hyundai and kia lately that I would never ever buy one of their vehicles and I have owned them both Hyundai and kia. Have gotten very greedy when it comes to warranty repairs and things like that. They'll do anything they can to get out of doing warrant  work. Somebody there in Canada will get that vehicle at a salvage. Auction, and there's not a thing wrong with it. A few scratches on that battery panel won't hurt anything.  It was obvious by the Pictures that you showed they were minor little scratches. There was no way the battery was damaged. And somebody will buy that car at a Salvage auction for pennies on the dollar and get a perfectly good car. People better start paying attention to how Hyundai and Kia are ripping people off.  Like I said, I will never purchase one of their vehicles again.
why does everyone think its cost effective to dismantle an electric car, remove the battery and tear it apart. Have you ever seen a video of one of these things being taken apart? And how are they supposed to see the underside of all these batt cells? Undo each one's weld, pull it out to inspect it then weld it back in to the bus bar? You pople have no clue what your talking about. You cant just "inspect" one of these things and say with certainty its safe. They are simply not designed and built in a way to come apart for inspection and if you tried youd destroy it in the process... if they are questionable they get sent for recycling.
Well… Looks like it is the time to order a Tesla!
This is one reason besides many more I would never buy a EV. Great video guys keep up the great work!!
So, owner hits something but claims it is so slight he wasn't sure he had actually hit anything. But, without any warnings from the vehicle that anything was wrong he contacts the dealer and they say, without any analysis other than an increase gap between the battery and the shield, that the battery is bad. They then don't contact Hyundai Canada but tell the owner he needs to replace the battery at a ridiculous price. The obviously young and possibly gullible owner doesn't insist on more proof that the battery is bad but takes their word for it. He contacts his insurance company and they evidently don't question whether the battery is bad based on the same incomplete evidence.  Multiple mistakes were made after the initial incident mostly surrounding believing the Hyundai dealer is correct in their analysis.   But Motormouth hears of all this and decides to push the idea that this is likely to happen to any and all EVs in order to up their YT views.
Time to lawyer up
Every electric car will need to go to the scrap yard when the battery wears out. And this is all about helping the environment right?
Hyundai. Leaving the customer high and dry.
Am I the only person that sees $6,649.98 as the cost of the battery?
Ok I'm not good in math, but let me try, if the battery is 60k and the whole brand new car is 55k, that means he got the best deal when he bought as aside from getting 5k discount he get a piece of tin can + tires for free.
60k $ marmot
The REAL lesson is EV's aren't good for the environment, are disposable, have garbage resale and simply aren't viable.  You'd be mad to purchase one, and the writing has been on the wall for years.
People are having problems with Teslas and every other electric vehicle producer. Even in Teslas the batteries are 20k. Just like in cellphones or any other Lithium battery the charge degrades over time and 2 to 3 years in that vehicle will never hold the same charge that it did when you first purchase it. If you are a multi millionaire that has money to throw away then buy an electric vehicle. If you are a tree hugger thinking you are saving the environment don't bother. Battery production releases more co2 than a gas vehicle.
Makes you appreciate gas models.
The cost of Lithium is skyrocketing and us in the U.S. only have one lithium mine. We are constantly putting sanctions and penalties on countries that don't bow down to us and it's backfiring.
The UK costs more to charge your car than to fill a tank with petrol. My new car isn't costly to run at all.
Why is there even a cover when any scratches on it automatically voids the battery warranty? Stealership certainly applies in this case. Hyundai and Kia aren't a brand I'm interested in even for their non ev cars.
This is stupid. Does the car drive or not? Replace the cover, check the battery, and if the battery is ok, then continue on. This is ridiculous. Yet another reason why I wouldn't buy an EV, ever. I drive the one of the best cars ever made...a 1983 Mercedes 300D. Best car I've ever had... and I've had many cars and trucks over the last 45 years.
Electric cars are the biggest scam. Everyone I know that has bought one regret it severely. God forbid you are ever stuck in a long traffic jam. You are completely screwed.
Wow are you guys just realizing the cost of these cars. 60k for the car. Battery needs to be replaced in 8-10 years at 60k todays price. Value of this car in 8 years will be almost nothing. Do you really think people will put new batteries in an 8 years old car?  You said it in your video yourself, are these throw away vehicles?  Let me give you the answer,   YES. And the cost to charge them up in some places right now is more than filling your car up with gas. And please don’t try and say EVs are better for the environment.  That’s laughable.
Wondering why the customer are blind the electric cars are bad business plus dealers are made to make money not to look up ur best interest
Dealerships prey upon suckers like this.
This nasty news tells me. Hang on to my older vehicles that run just fine.  A relative had a Duramax diesel go bad under 100 k miles.   Cost him $30,000.00 for engine and turbo redo.  Insane repair costs for newer vehicles.
I would have kept it and just cancelled my insurance claim. If it wasn’t throwing lights and was still working then to me it’s still good. It’s just gross incompetence across the board.
In the United States, part dealers sell the Hyundai 37501-GI351 BATTERY SYSTEM ASSY list for $31666.50 or $49691.73 in Canadian dollars.
So every minor bump, fender bender, opps you went in the ditch, writes off your vehicle.  If that minor damage os enough to damage a battery.  Ridiculous.
Hyundie sucks, EVs sucks
Never mind another EV go get yourself a hybrid if you have to pay that much for a battery to replace.
CROOKS. DEALERS ARE THIEVES. RUN!!!!! INSURERS ARE CROOKS TOO! YOU PAY THEM AND THEY SCREW YOU! IT'S ALL JUST A FARCE TO TAKE YOUR MONEY.
I'd save the environment and buy an internal combustion engine.
This simply "hertz" ...
What a hell of a global scam! These people have been drinking the cool aid for a long time. They love globalism. You can hear it when they talk. Look up the environmental destruction these over priced fantasy junk vehicles cause. How does a little kid from who knows what continent able to afford the junk in the first place? How about he go back to where he came from and have his friends and or relatives make him a battery. That is where the head office is right? 집으로 돌아가
Hyundai corporate is listing the battery for so much because they don't want to use batteries on vehicles that have already been sold. Supply chain cost and issues influence them to deter claims for replacement batteries to maximize the assembly lines consistently produce...
He should have bought a tesla.....
It sounds like the money saved on gas should be invested into some kind of security or annuity with a low expense ratio and high growth rate but 1 year of investing is not going to cover the cost…therefore, this should be taken on by some kind of insurance or actually by the company itself.
This video doesn't make sense. I have a Mustang Mach E and the battery is covered by warranty if anything happens. I love my EV but know that there are many videos out there that other best to trash EVs
some one gonna buy his car at auction and make off like a bandit.
1:21 - 2:30 lol, careful you don't step in the BS
Evs means future controlled explosions physically and economically.
tell him to buy a tesla
Bunch of thieving conmen, that's what we have here, they change the battery, clean up the old battery then sell that one to another customer, trust nobody in this brave new world
interesting I'm seeing more and more stories of this kinda battery scam from Hyundai.
I won't be surprise, people start to drop this car. No ones want a dead weight in their driveway if the repair cost more than the car
No ev , and absolutely no Hyundai think of the environmental in impact from hundreds of these.
Ample is a new electric vehicle charging system which works by having robots quickly replace small modular battery packs in electric cars, getting them back on the road in a few minutes, not unlike a gasoline fill-up. Unlike prior efforts at battery swap, Ample’s system is lower cost, more flexible and most importantly is aimed at commercial fleets and taxis, not ordinary drivers. Ample states it has partnerships with 5 OEMs with 9 different electric vehicles to use or be adapted for their modular battery packs, and it will be opening its low-cost swap stations in cities with heavy electric fleet operations. In videos it shows a Mercedes, Nissan Leaf and Kia Niro, and it also will partner with Uber.
How can they void the warranty?.
ChrisFix at one point did a video where he replaced the Prius battery, you know the small one that just replaces the alternator, the paid 10 grand for it. Horrifying money for a new small as hell, battery
Now someone will have to mine around six tones to make the “environmental friendly” batterie…. good lick with electric cars or scam cars….
H2 combustion engine style vehicles are looking better. Guess what comes out the exhaust, water, 0 emissions.😊
EVs are not good for the environment, they are much worse than ice or hybrid vehicles. This myth has been disproven over and over.
that's one of the problems with EV's  and the same goes with other types of transportation the world is being slaved and the world says hello back hehehehehehehe and the world is bigger and its says no your my slave buy some new parts slave
My Acura last 20 years still run great gas car is way better, still driving today !!
Y'all did ZERO research on this.  This is probably the WORST video I have ever seen.  It's less than $10,000 USD to replace the battery.  The Insurance people didn't check.  You didn't check.  The dealer made a typo.  I am blown away at the stupidity of this video.  I can't stand Hyundais in general but damn, the whole premise of this video is incorrect.  DUMB!!!!!
Just don’t by this kind of car, there are junks car , all electric car is just too much and too junks, it’ll take a long time to get the engineer to figured it out to get all car build right, one of my friend bought a Tesla 3 years ago bran new , then he said it’s not to what they said being so good save the pullution  No d clean air, but the car is just problem every thing came out, he took the car back to dealers it cost him tons of money to fix !!! Then he yell at those car dealers that was it , he was back to buy a Honda car with the gas he was so happy now ,
stealership was trying to scam the insurance.
list price and net price say 6649.98, then suddenly at the end of the invoice price line it's 50k higher...is this a typo or some sort of mistake? why would the list price be 6649, and yet the cost also be 56649? this is weird
I've seen this problem a lot and not just Hyundai. Mercedes, VW, even Tesla. Perfectly good cars getting scrapped because a new battery is too costly for the owner.
worked in a body shop as a painter... one thing that the average person doesn't know. manufactures have what's called "repair procedures".. for example, it basically tells the technician how to do the work i.e (where to cut, where to reweld ect).. if these manufactures have a "repair procedure" that calls for "battery replacement" ....legally(in the U.S, idk Canada laws), they can't repair the car without replacing the battery. this is a manufacture issue, not a body shop issue. just wanted to make that clear for anyone wondering.
This is why EVs are a scam. Not only are batteries extremely toxic and energy intensive to make replacing them is completely impractical. There will not be a second hand market, just loads of junked case.
That tells me to stay away from electric cars
I can understand the cost. It's all to do with the parts. The battery is produced to go in the particular vehicle. Batteries are around 60-70% of the cost of the car itself. Unlike a shelf full of brake pads or oil filters or other components, a battery is not an off the shelf part. It's a specific factory order part. They are not going to stop the production line and take a battery pack from a vehicle in production. They don't have the capacity to produce extra batteries especially as the cost rises every single year for the materials in the battery. It's just not cost effective to build spare batteries.Therefore for the manufacturer, it's more cost effective to overprice the battery making the vehicle a write off and letting the insurance company foot the bill and you in turn pay higher premiums.
Just a simple question: Did anyone ever actually perform any sort of test on the battery to see if it was actually damaged? This is like replacing an internal combustion engine if the oil appears to be dirty.
Thanks for bringing this my attention! Hyundai Canada should right this wrong by providing Kyle a new comparable vehicle with a discount that covers both his monetary loss due to insurance hikes over the next ten years and generously compensates for the grief he experienced.
Heres something I don't understand, EV manufacturers want to keep people buying their cars, so if I were Hyundai I would have called the dealer and said "The price isn't right, give it to him for a better price."  Sure the dealer can charge what they want but can't Hyundai refuse to let them sell EV's or even hybrids, or won't send any cars period, force them to do the right thing or Hyundai will force them out of business.  I think something happened like that a few years ago to an American dealership that was taking advantage of customers.  Also, manufacturers can make quick swap batteries...even if they're not going to have quick swap stations, just do it to make it so if something like this happens again the dealer can just quickly swap the batteries for new ones.    I wonder what the discount on the car was?    Now the last point right now all I can find is the Hyundai Genesis GV70 EV is manufactured in the US.  If the dealer was being an ass couldn't they have given the option to send the car to a US manufacturer or dealer to do the work?  I know it's a hassle for him to drive to the US or have the car shipped, but it would be a viable option.  Now who knows, maybe US dealers are just as bad.  I do like that Hyundai is going to try and fix the issue (so they say.)  Unless they fix this with all electric cars not just Hyundais more people are going to not buy EV's, that and they have to make a sub 20k car.  I don't know what it costs to make EV's but the lower end ones seem high.
If it was a small scratch and batteries still worked like new, why don’t you just keep driving it?
Lemon law
Have had my volt for 13 years. Fully paid itself off in 7 years. Compared to what I was driving before a gas guzzling Thunderbird. That's gas and maintenance. Car has over 200,000KM on it now, and only thing been done is oil change every 2 years (as it is a plug in hybrid) and a couple 30 litre tanks of gas a year and 2 sets of tires. Even the brakes are still original. Will never go back to gas.
if the battery costs $60,000 then how does the whole car cost $54,000?
That is how hyundai does its business all over whole world, with all cars, they are just thieves
Just got a new battery for muh 05 Jeep....$168 out the door....just saying 🤭
I smell a scam. How can a battery cost more than a brand-new car? So really Hyundias are worthless it is the battery you are paying for.
The correct market price for an EV battery is about 100-150 dollars per KWH, the battery on the Ionic 5 is 58-77.4kwh.  At $150 per KWH that is $11,610 at 77.4 kwh.  They are ripping people off.  Do not buy a KIA.
Good story, let us know how it goes.
You were definitely fair in your questions and approach. Any brand is capable of letting down their customers and that is what's scary. I'm glad Kyle's story is getting attention. I don't want to dissuade people from considering EVs, but the companies need to get their act together.
The main issue is that the facilities still need to be set up to remove, service, and rebuild these batteries. This EV should have not required a totally new battery replacement.
Why would anyone buy an EV? They are already obsolete. Water-split hydrogen is the future, Toyota already manufacturing.
F all electric cars!!😡🤬
Buy a NIO with BAAS and you never have that problem
So much for No Fault insurance! I have  a 2018 Mitsubishi PHEV with a laundry list of complaints that the dealership can't or won't fix including an air bag system warning that displays in the dash regularly and they can't fix it. That means the car is virtually unsaleable because who would buy a car with an unfixable fault. Mitsubishi has the longest warranty in the industry but so far it is useless. Modern cars, especially EV's are extremely complex and even factory trained technicians can't fix them. I can hardly wait for self driving cars. Who's going to fix those?
Great to see this story & the Motormouth team featured as the Front Page story on The Vancouver Sun newspaper today. Well done!
Another perfect example of why EVs sick and don’t make sense
I can hire a taxi for the rest of my life at that price and not have to worry about insurance. Hard pass on EVs.
Cornholed.
For 60k$ I can create a battery pack with higher capacity, less weight, fit it myself back into the car and still have money left over to buy a brand new i30n, because guess what batteries are dirt cheap and it doesn't cost more than 10k$ for a brand new replacement from china
Is she AI ... her face no move.
This video concluded my choice for a new car, going for i30n instead
EVs brought to you by Ben Dover Corporation.
This is what the future for EV vehicles are for everyone.  EVs will become throw a way cars which is ironically bad for the environment.
Sounds like anyone can request for a free car. Just have them take out the battery😊. “What do you mean I can’t, the battery cost more than the car itself. Just keep the battery and I’ll take the rest of the car”
Just one example of why electric vehicles will not be replacing good old gasoline engines in my lifetime. Electric Vehicles have been around as long as Cars have existed, mostly as DIY conversions because they're too impractical and they can be very dangerous. Just imagine if every vehicle on the Road were electric, there would be that many more battery fires, explosions and dumb stuff like this happening. It's good that we're developing this tech, it has uses- but not in our every day vehicles.
Nothing decreases in price.  In a fast changing technology market, your parts today will be obsoleted quickly.  Dealers are risk averse when it comes to battery technology. When in doubt, replace or scrap the vehicle.
EV's are not what we are being sold. Buyer beware.
I would simply use the battery. It will not explode
Looking forward to 2035 😳😳
Not happening with Toyota vehicles. Best buy a Toyota.
Most of your comments are obviously paid posters Shilling for ICE If Gm put the money into making EVs that they're putting into fudding people out of EVs they'd already be doing better  You might as well be telling people to go buy a goddamn horse
Another reason electric cars are garbage.
Do not buy EV it will be the end on consumer power over car manufacturers. This is ridiculous writing this véhicule off create more pollution then driving a petrol véhicule
Ive said it before and Ill say it again. EVs are not going anywhere significant. Battery replacements are outragious, charing time and lines are stupid, grais can barley handle what we have now. EVs will always be a token vehicle.
Yes you people are idiots and should stop making incendiary videos- does gm pay you? I can come  up with a bunch of examples were an ice car blew its engine in the first 65000 miles and needed $20,000 worth of work but I'm not trying to fear monger anyone into buying an EV
I wonder why trus fund baby doesn't mention this in his interviews
2 mistakes:  you bought a Hyundai and on top of that you bought an EV.  EVs are going to be like a car they revived from a lake.  Needless to say EVs are like the Pinto (rolling bomb).  EVs sound good and even look good on paper.  Resale value for EVs is tanking.  Just ask FORD and their Lightning.
Gee, the government and environmental activists are always saying that EVs are wonderful with no drawbacks compared to gas vehicles.
Ridiculous let’s just drive gas car until this is fixed..
EVs are a scam ... their manufacturing process is very harmful to the environment and so is the energy required to charge them
Broke people who buy electric get what they deserve for being stupid and not knowing the crazy and ridiculous prices of batteries.
One my warranty was up 15 years ago I have never gone back to the dealership. I do all the maintenance at my house in my garage for pennies on the dollar and the car run. Perfect modern electric cars are disposable like a cell phone. How is that good for the environment? Absolutely no sense
I have a 2022 Hyundai Kona electric vehicle and after reading this story I am going to get rid of my car and purchase a gas vehicle! I am very disappointed with Hyundai Canada's response.
Do people that drive EV's actually believe that they are 'saving' the planet ...Or is it just a weird way of offsetting their other consumer behaviors that they feel guilty about...
Is that any good for the environment? Batteries that they had to dig up in mine barely lasted a year. It sounds garbage I Diesel Volkswagen is going on 20 years on the original engine. I have read over stuff freeway through the hole in my floor of my car and I don’t care and I don’t need to stop driving it.
Slowly the world will see that the EV is not the future
He never said what  Hyundai did for him. Did they offer any compensation?
Insanity from the design engineers. If the battery was serviceable by replacing damaged cells as necessary and an appropriate method of inspection and repair should be implemented.
Seems like a scam to me. The car ran fine after the impact and probably still does, why not cancel (retract) the claim and just drive the car without any loss or increase to his insurance? Dealerships and insurance companies are all out to make money, so it seems they are both cashing in on Kyle's IONIQ 5 (someone is keeping the car other than Kyle and his insurance is going to go up by ~50%).
Don't buy an EV ,period!  These things aren't close to being ready. The infrastructure  isn't  there.
Not an EV fan. I think they are dangerous and dainty. I think they just move the pollution to the power plants. They require people to work in dangerous circumstances to mine battery building materials. They need new batteries in a decade or less. The infrastructure isn't in place to support electric vehicles. There isn't enough electric power considering parts of the country that already suffer brownouts in times of high electric usage like heatwaves. Nope, the technology and other preparations aren't ready.
Look at the battery itemized costs = $6,649.98.  Plus less than $2K installation labor. ARE YOU NUTS? It's a typo. 5 was typed in error.
Hitting an object in the road negatively affects your diving history, seems wrong in and of itself.  Insurance companies are a scam. They always win.
did say 4 years ago that only a fool would buy an electric car, said it 3 years ago, repeated it last year and will say it again - do not waste your money on an electric car because they are a waste of time and money.  If you want an eco friendly car buy hydrogen...... end of.    And now so many fools are crying...... me too
Mmm, something doesn't seem right to me. A new battery for a Tesla Model S is £17,000 in the UK. A battery for a Porsche Taycan is £39,000. Those prices are crazy enough. How the heck can a battery for a Hyundai be $58,000?
tl;dr NEVER buy south korean kia/hyundai junk cars with equally trash dealers.   BUY Japanese instead, more reliable, better build quality, better resale, better dealer customer experience,
It was better that Kyle did not send his car in for check up. We can ding a gas tank till it leaks. Insurance still would not serve its purpose and cover the damage. Insurance COO still gets his Cancun family vacation.
Another reason not to buy Hyundai and EV generally.
I just looked it up and a battery replacement for this make and model is $6,000 and can be "a little less or more depending upon the model". It took me 1 minute. Why didn't anyone bother to do a simple search before making and/or after watching this video? This video is a little misleading.
Go electric 👍😂😂😂
so why is this not covered by the warranty? clearly the metal "shield" either did its job ie no damage to the battery so the car is ok, or it didnt which means it isnt fit for purpose.
Ahh. They are not better for the environment than fossil fuel burning engines. People seem to believe that they magically sprout from the ground and run on magically free and again environmentally pure and clean energy that just seeps its way into the car. Surprisingly, or maybe not, Motormouth is propagating these myths. Still.
People always forget to take into account battery replacement which costs a lot.
Electric cars are lemons sue sue sue,take it to the Supreme Court, these companies are trying to sell shit boxes and get away with it by claiming the battery isn't covered, that's like selling a gas tank full of holes, fuck electric cars
Where is the invoice says $6649.98. Was there a typo in carrying the cost over to equal $56649.98? The list and net amount is only $6649.98.
That type of warranty is a scam.
60K for the new battery 👀👀 this is just insane  👀👀👀… 👍🏻 feel sorry for this guy !!!  My advice go somewhere else .. get the batteries inspected by an expert … 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻  even if you loose the deal or warranty with Hyundai 💪🏼!!!  Good luck 👍🏻
The EV cult is burning 🔥
Look at it from the other direction: the scratch appears to be minor, so imagine the shop saying “Yeah, no problem. Keep driving as-is.” If the battery WAS in fact impacted, and a catastrophic incident ensues, the shop is facing some pretty serious liability. The better-safe-than-sorry approach for any repair shop dealing with a damaged EV is going be “new battery”. That’s going to be SOP and, if you own an EV, you’d better get used to the idea and the insurance premiums that go with it.
Now with the mania and the propaganda fading away, people in the U.S. are starting to say no to EV's. The ugly reality of the battery manufacturing, the limited range in cold weather, the slow pace of deploying charging stations, problems at charging stations and the ubiquitous tales of miracle battery technology that's been just around the corner since......1910? And now another supposed advantage of EV's appears to be another myth. The mechanical simplicity and dependability "advantage"? The most profound mechanical failure in an internal combustion engine (unless it is a Ferrari V-12 or something) would be hard pressed to bump up to the $60K mark. And should the battery damage create a thermal runaway situation, the potential property damage and threats to lives is terrifying.
10:05 I don't believe it will impact more than a few manufacturers - I would be pretty sure if you own something like Tesla, Toyota, Honda, Lucid etc. you will be fine, and they will take care of you.
Clearly…. We as consumers are not ready for EV’s.  Based on insurance rates alone.
Gas. For. Life.
They just wanted money that’s all!!!!
First of all, ICBC is a joke and a farce!! It’s a monopoly that needs to be dismantled!! They will right off anything for anything!! They are responsible for six month backlogs at body shops to have work done, they arbitrarily mess with your insurance rates at their sole discretion! So that’s ICBC. Now, what about four wheel drives?????? Are they going to right off every truck that goes off-road and scratches the battery cover?!?!? Are they just going to void the warranty?? Is ICBC going to pay replacement costs??(I think not) Guess I won’t be buying one, this story is convincing enough! Thank you for telling us the truth!!
Another huge issue here is insurance rates double for the next 10 years? Disgusting that is ridiculous. I’m just gonna start driving old cars to avoid this insurance scam.
I would deal with the voided warranty long before I would let my insurance rates go up or pay $60,000 for a battery. $6000 for a battery is too high. I am never getting in EV. That’s just that. Never wanna do it. And I suspect, my future vehicles are going to be cheap cashcars. 10,000 $50,000 insurance is cheaper cost repairs are cheaper. I’m not playing these games anymore. I don’t even like cars anymore.
Stories like this make buying a EV  a risky/poor decision
😂 stay away from all electric vehicles
the future of Evs
Any warranty can be voided,  even someone replaced damaged battery  shield . Original shield does have marked on them,,,put on a few scratches doesn't fools anymore
If you buy an EV today, you are an early adopter. That means that you are opening yourself up to the risks associated with technology that is marketed and rushed to the public before all of the problems have been addressed or even understood by manufacturers. We are living at ground zero for the "buyer beware" warning. I will not be buying an EV for at least another 5 yrs and certainly not until I can use renewable source at home for my own charging. EV's do not make sense if you are paying more at purchase and then paying ever increasing bills to corporate sources for recharge.
This was handled poorly at that particular dealer.  The battery management system will trigger a check engine light and then you will take it to the dealer.  Unless there is swelling in the pack I would of have kept it.  Hyundai doesn't have that good of a track record with engines and batteries recently.  I wouldn't buy an vehicle from them or Kia any time soon.
I would just junk it. Scrap the car and stay away from all such vehicles.  Get a regular gas powered car , their batteries don’t cost much.
There is NO WAY that a BRAND NEW battery costs $60k. A battery of that size should cost around $15k CAD, not factoring in labor. If the battery is well and truly damaged, it might be that a few cells/modules need replacing, not the WHOLE DAMN BATTERY. And even if a brand new battery is required, the cells/modules from the broken pack won't be worthless. It could be sold on to a second-life battery company, or recycled. Hyundai is well and truly screwing the customer here.
I'm surprised with this as the battery is included in Europe with its 5 year warranty and in the US I think that the battery warranty is 8 years. Canada seems to be behind in the after sales care department.
Explain how EVs help the environment when the the electricity for EVs are generated by fossil fuels, the charging stations are made using fossil fuels, all of the transmission lines are surveyed, installed, and made using fossil fuels,  the the extra weight of EVs cause greater damage to roads and bridges, and the damage to the environment caused by mining the rare earth minerals needed for the EV batteries.  Go ahead, keep your heads in the sand.
Buy Tesla only, the rest will catch up in the future.
At least it's good he didn't drive it, scratched battery can turn fireworks in minutes
Hyundai's and Kia's are nothing but junk vehicles, they always have been.
Electric cars we will find shortly are only short term. Plus the damage done to the planet getting the materials from the ground and then the charging and how to dispose the spent battery and more than likely equal to or more than any well maintained gas engine. I will not be getting one.
Ahhh yes another reason to stay the heck away from EV cars.
Being an inqusitive guy..... I smell a rat. There doesnt look like anything wrong with that car and some one will grab it [very cheap] and run it trouble free for many years!!
Just... do not by any eV. Always petrol cars.
Buy an EV and face your consequences lol.
All EV's need to be banned, they are a waste of time and money and are not better for the environment. Stop with the Carbon BS, more lies dreamed up by the WEF to control he population.
Huh,  who woulda seen this coming??  Dont worry though they will have this all figured out when we go carbon free in 2035,  you can put a guaranteed stamp on that!
hydrogen honda
Actually the battery for that vehicle costs $15,000! If you order it yourself you will see!! The mechanics were taking advantage of the situation and trying to charge $45,000 for the installation! Plus tax! But then they screwed themselves over because they didn't think the vehicle would be written off! They thought it was payday!
A good percentage of protection plates on off road EVs quite likely have been impacted.
Its the Future.😅
I'll stick to my 2006 Volvo D5
Did you research Tesla's processes and costs for battery replacement?  It looks like their battery replacement costs are far lower than shown in this video.
This story is kinda unbelievable to be honest.
Write off a vehicle for a scratch? Sounds like an insurance scam. Dealership smell money when he brought the car in for a scratch. The young fellow has no clue, sell him a new car!
Hyundai and Kia are just gross. I feel like they’re the boost mobile of automobiles.
Manufacturers That Allow Owner replaceable battery Will stop this Hyundai Battery Price RIPOFF!!!! An equivalent battery pack costs no more then $3k-$5k
How about avoid all of them. The Cobalt is mined by black slave children in the Congo.... Lithium is mined by huge machines blowing black smoke in the sky... do research... You cant recycle lithium batteries either, the hazardous material sits in a landfill forever... You arent helping anyone buying one and actually doing the opposite.
Fuk the dealerships
stay away from EVs until the industry matures. Forcing a technology on general population without figuring out maintenance and other factors is insane.
Also NEVER trust the actual dealership, I trust the big ones less than the used ones. Like never, they screw everything up almost every time.
That's when you know you've been scammed from the moment you bought the thing.
Must be some kind of a typo or inventory management mistake. The battery surely costs less.
Ev are Avocado eating people
2nd hand petrol for the win. Anything past 2018 forget it, too much little scammy BS like special wrenches required to change the oil etc.
.Best decision for all of us is to wait for Nio to reach your country.  Only Nio has battery swap in addition to standard charging.  Instead of charging you swap your battery and it takes 3 minutes to do it.  Even an older model can get the newest battery.  Also a battery receives a health check at every swap.
Sad but, you have to be aware when you buy those EVs …batteries will fail, one way or another. They are expensive all of them, that’s not my kind of gambling. Thanks for this story.
Sad story but he clearly knew he hit something which is why he took it in.
If you care about the environment and car reliability, DO NOT buy an EV. They are not zero emissions and/or carbon neutral. The digging and drilling required to mass produce EVs are HORRIBLE for the environment. Go ICE and save yourself from paying exorbitant prices on batteries, and for a far more reliable car that will last. Don’t let politicians and sheep YTers convince you that you’re “doing your part” in helping the environment by buying EVs.
Beh. EVs are emotionally driven liabilities
I love the fact this got so many views. People need to be able to take more than one opinion especially when they are not technically savvy. If a battery is gone bad you can probably tell from different readings. Just looking at a scratch and saying the battery has gone bad is just dumb.
If doughnuts were paid for by insurance, they would cost a thousand dollars each.
The EV grift continues.  Only an idiot would buy one at this point. What a joke. Funny how we don’t talk much about ICE engine replacement like these EVs. 😂😂. EV’s are a dead end product. Insurance will not cover them down the road. In 10 years you’ll see massive piles of junk EV’s in fields that cannot be processed.   Stay away from them.
Feels like everyone is trying to screw this guy over
Kyle buys brand new Ioniq, drives off dealer lot and hits a rock.
ev vehicles are actually worse than gas vehicles for the environment...63% of energy used to recharge comes from coal and add the damge to the planet from extracting the battery elements and what you have is a complete and utter failure. You are being sold a big fat lie. Without rebates the actual cost of ownership is also higher on evs.
EV's for consumer vehicles are the dumbest thing every invented.
And why a Tesla Batterie cost "only" $5000-$20000(Modle S Plaid)?   I think this has nothing to do with the real pricing, it is to rip off assurances in the case of an accident.
Reasons I'll never buy a low car again (used to have a WRX). I also don't see how EVs are the future. Hybrids are great, I just can't get on board with EVs due to issues like this. You are at the MFGs mercy, for everything...
Well don’t buy electric cars..
It’s just plain stupid to buy an electric car. This is what you get when you’re conned to buy a EV.
We’re working to make battery cost fair…so we charge more for a battery than an entire car. How do they get away with that BS. You’re a reporter…of sorts. How about point out the ridiculousness of that statement….also use common sense. Take the cover off…inspect if battery was damaged. Keep hiring inexperienced kids to work as service advisers. All customer service these days (dealerships, Bell, Rogers, utilities etc) is designed to not fix problems but to frustrate the customer to just go away. Try calling anyone’s phone support. Good odds are you will get someone who is completely incompetent…in some cases doesn’t even speak the language. They hire these people on purpose. On top they make you hold for hours. They’re just hoping you go away. In dealerships…I know some techs, they say the kids they hire as service advisors are so clueless, they just type what the customer says. No one asks the correct questions. Most techs rear the work order check the car, if they don’t see it, just kick it back out with a comment of ‘can’t replicate the issue’. They’re not gonna spend hours figuring out what wrong with the car. Service advisors job is crucial to the repair process. These should be former techs, not kids straight from school with a useless university degree getting paid 35-40k. They don’t know anything about cars in most cases.  Just type out what the customer says.   Sorry for the rant. Just so frustrating.
And people thought phone e-waste was a problem. Wait until there’s a million or more EVs that are thrown in the trash
So he drove over something big enough to smash the bottom of his car..  whats that.. a foot thick if not more. aside from the ridiculous batt price i dont see how this should be under warranty when its his fault.
Excellent video, thank you ,we need more watch dogs out there exposing this corruption not only by the car manufacturers but by the insurance providers
Uhm, I’m confused by this story. Looking at the estimate shown at 6:36, it looks to me that the cost of the replacement battery is under $7k and the total cost of $56k is an obvious typo. Why is everyone tripping on the typo? Am I the only person reading the estimate or am I missing something? Additionally, I own a Hyundai Kona Electric. When I bought it, it was on recall for the battery. The cost of that battery, covered by warranty, was less than $12k.
Is very simple: Someone want to “kill” Hyundai… but who????
Sounds like a fake story.
Hyundai's argument that they couldn't do anything because the car had already been transferred to the insurance company sounds bogus to me. Here's why: Hyundai could have - and should have bought the hulk from the insurance company and still cut a deal with the customer as a goodwill gesture.  They clearly need to study the battery.  Look at the alternative, if they would have bought the vehicle from the customer before the insurance company totaled it out, there would be two possible outcomes down the road.  First, Hyundai dismantles it to study it and it never gets in the hands of a customer - they could do this buying it from the insurance  company.  Second, they do whatever they do to it, then sell it into the stream of commerce. At that point, there are two things that could happen. First the vehicle could live a useful life with no incidents. Secondly, the vehicle could have an incident possibly serious, possibly fatal, and if that occurred and if the new buyer and the buyer's lawyer find out about it, the cost to Hyundai would be millions for hiding the damage.
Definitely avoiding EVs for now
Is this why Tesla has a $800 billion market cap....  I've also heard insurance for EVs are going through the roof for this exact reason.
New EV cars are a lifestyle accessory and liability, not an asset. Treat them as such, because not one person on planet needs one.
Just install big washer under that bolt where the hole is :DDD it will hold the cover in place.
Battery replacement is the EV industry's dirty secret. Battery replacement costs are insane and any damage to the vehicle could mean a totaled vehicle!
When you have a foreseeable expense that is unlikely but catastrophic when it occurs, that is a perfect opportunity for insurance. It seems that if reluctance to buy an electric vehicle is caused by the risk of a ruinous battery replacement, insurance to cover replacement should be built into the price at the start.
His rates go up because of the car??
Once again another EV owner learning the hard way that the EV industry is the largest consumer scam in history. Forced upon the industry and public by ignorantly elected bureaucrats. Just wait until people learn what happens to the EV batteries after the car is junked and how much that will affect the environment.
Too many people in comments not using their brains. The owner says "if scratches can void your warranty" is very disingenuous thing to say.  the scratches are just the side effect of an impact that damaged the battery... theyre not the reason for the warranty being voided, the damage the impact caused, is. Itd be like me getting into a collision that bent the frame a little and complaining about voided warranty because some body panels are bent.
According to Tesla in canada if i am at fault for damaging my model y battery the most it could cost is 20g. Still a lot of money but that's 33% of what I paid for the car. I almost bought an Ioniq 5 thank god i didnt the company sounds terrible.
What better advertisement than this evidence to stay away from EVs?  I thought my next car would be an EV and was prepared to replace my 4 year old RAV4 AWD prematurely.  Now I will run it down!  Thank you Hyundai.
Buy nio cars, it has battery swap 😊
If that was me, I'd start checking wrecking yards for a battery. I had an 80 Toyota pickup that I drove for over 200 K miles. When the engine would finally give up, I'd tow it to my favorite wrecking yard and have them replace the engine with a used one. Cost $600.00 both times.
i dont have to worry about this as a NIO owner bc I switch my batteries on their battery swaps everytime!
I determined a year ago I will never by a car from a dealer again.  After online purchase of a Tesla, the experience was great.
Call a lawyer, because if the dealership hid on the sale it is a premeditated deception, treachery, and advantage.
insurance is big scam in canada forced by government
That’s ridiculous. EV companies need to sort this out, less folks would want to switch over to EVs after hearing nightmares like this.
A 'quote' from the parts desk at a factory dealership???? What was he thinking????  OF COURSE it's too much, that is how parts departments work. You just go to a proper servicer or learn to do battery service yourself. YES that is unreasonable to most but it is very possible and actually reasonable to do. IF IT EVEN NEEDS THAT. WHAT SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED- don't go to the dealer, don't call your insurance. Inspect the vehicle for yourself or someone you trust that is not the dealer or the insurance. Do you have any alerts or notifications on the dash or your app? If not there is not a problem. Giant nothing burger. Sad that this child didn't have better council from his family or circle of friends to steer him better. Even IF the battery was damaged, it can be serviced for a fraction of the cost of replacement. Dealer won't know how and will not do that anyway.
You people are amazing for doing this
Hyundai doing Hyundai things... I avoid and tell my friends to avoid Hyundai and Kia. They are not to be trusted.
Thank you for this information.  This is another reason I will NOT have an electric car. This is an insane cost to replace one part this is more than the car.  Sounds like a financial trap I will NOT be doing. Tell the tree hungers to have a nice day, but not anywhere near me and near my wallet.
This the one reason for many years I have said . These batteries are very expensive and one small accident your out .  I can put a brand new 3.5 Lt V6 motor in my 2020 F-150 for under $10,000 includes labor . These engine are good for 500.000 Klm if well maitained . I have 144,000 Klm on my current F-150 and it works flawlessly and I have never had any problems. also when you want to sell your used EV car . It depricated by 50% and the buyer has to consider how much charging life is left in the battery. These EV cars can only be recharged so many times in their life and the battery is done .
Sounds like an idiot Service Manager and no leadership around with a multi bazillion dollar company standing by watching their customer get ruined.
I would NOT touch ANY EV with a barge pole. I will stick with my 1993 Mercedes W124 E320 - 105,000 miles. And an another advantage - not a computer in sight.
All these decisions are being made without any scientific inspection of the vehicle. It smells totally rotten. I am sure it's a scam and that car is going to be refurbished and sold some place else outside of the U.S. for it's original retail price.
Seems like a good reason to not buy an electric car
Nice work Motormouth - good journalism 👍
I won this ev from tim hortons on a roll up the rim to win app in 2020. I took delivery and sold it to a ford dealer for $42,000 and invested that money wisely, and I am now retired at 38 years old. Thanks Tim hortons/ Hyundai.
While electric vehicles, including popular models like Tesla, are seen as efficient and environmentally friendly, owning an EV for about 10 years might not be cheaper than traditional gasoline cars, except for luxury cars that often have high maintenance costs. After about 5 years, the battery in an EV tends to lose about 25% efficiency due to climate conditions, especially extreme cold in the northern hemisphere (which can affect it even more) and extreme heat above 35 degrees Celsius, impacting efficiency and posing a higher risk of fire. Companies like Toyota and Volkswagen are waiting to invest more in new electric vehicle technology until batteries become more advanced, surpassing the efficiency of combustion engines and the materials used for fuel. By the way, producing just one battery pack for a Tesla creates a carbon footprint equivalent to running a diesel engine continuously for a whole year. Regards from Oxford University of Materials study department.
This is a problem for Tesla as well
Stay with gas car.
That car will be snapped up on an auction.  I would NEVER buy a car from Hyundai again.  And, I am going to say it, this young driver is now paying the price for 10 years, this is horrendous.  What if he drove over a small rock that cracked the cover, and why is there even a cover on it that is a manufacturer's defect.   Kyle needs to lawyer up and quick.  Hyundai should be liable for the insurance increase because they failed to follow the process.  Any reasons to increase his insurance should be voided.  Plus, there has to be a full restitution of the value of a new car, Kyle should be given a new car of the same or better value.  Oh and of course the insurance is eager to write off this cost so they can charge the insurance premium 50% higher than now.
$56,000 (about $42,000 U.S.) to replace a battery?!? Absolutely insane. That's about twice what Tesla charges for those things. (And a possible hit to your insurance rating.) If he had bought, say, a run of the mill ICE Sonata that would've paid for 10 engines. How are we supposed to shift to EV's if replacing parts could bankrupt you?
Good segment on ev battery. Battery replace and disposal costs.  I say...mfg is to install a huge red warning label on every ev.
Canadian Insurance Companies are just scammers.
Insurance an Dealer jus want to make money😂😂😂
I remember when the Prius came out, I was all hot to get one til I found out battery replacement was 8k. Now it's 60k? Wow. I guess if you're going the EV route, it may be better to just lease one rather than buy one because the resale value would be crap if the new owner knows they gotta pay 60k for new batteries soon. Yikes. They need to solve this problem if they want people to really get serious about EVs. The replacement battery cost has always been what keeps me from getting one. For this to happen in just a year is beyond the pale. Nope.
Stay away from EVs.
Ridiculous.  It isn't enough that these EV's cost an arm and a leg, now they're charging you just as much for the battery alone?  You know those batteries don't cost that much to produce if you can buy the total car for 50.000.  What a scam.
Kyle is not smart for buying an electric car. Kyle is finding out the real costs of ev ownership. Kyle will think more deeply before buying his next vehicle.
No EV for me
This is what happens when dummies looks at a politicians and a products pushed to the market without any consumer protection. That's why you're supposed to do your research before you buy anything and not trust what somebody's telling you. I could see this coming from 10 years ago from my experience with RC vehicles. 🙄
I wouldn’t trust Hyundai for anything
EVs are a scam
Not buying Hyundai ever
What's the take away here? simple.
You can  always go to an independent certified EV mechanic to look for the car,then go to the court and wait for a trial. That is what many owners need to do here in EU to repair some EV vehicles. A good lawyer would be most important thing here.
It’s cheaper to buy a new car
Hyundai and Kia are the worst built cars in the world, so what did you expect?!?!
Seems like the battery protection cover needs a protection cover. Or to put it another way the protection cover is sub-standard and does not perform as intended. This is the manufacturers problem NOT the customers problem. I feel as though the customer is being fooled here, the vehicle is not fit for purpose. He should be allowed to hand the vehicle back and get a full refund under consumer Law. It makes my blood boil when the dealerships play this game. Hopefully they will become irrelevant in the future.
1. The car is damaged to the point that it doesnt run.  This is alot more then a curb check.  But most people that buy EVs are horribe drivers. Who knows what happened to this car. Only thing we know is the driver is at fault and everything (batteries - frame assembly ). Is jacked.  As for the people that want the dealer to open up and inspect the batterys. NO WAY, this is now a hazmat issue.
Dealer's . This was just going to be swept up and moved along to the profit side.Can't these 3 idiots see?   Sell him a new battery and resell that one later, plus labor twice, or sell another car and resell that one later. Money for nothing. They sized him up, made their move.   Insurance co. scared to death the thing might explode and burn causing death and destruction , say in a hotel basement parking area. Me too.
those scratches are normal wear and tear, you can look under most cars and see that on the plastic skid guards
Incredibly bad press for Hyundai, but this hints at a much bigger problem. Dealerships make their highest profits on service and parts sales. EVs have far fewer moving parts and do not require the same maintenance intervals as ICE vehicles. The dealership saw a mark and tried to nail him with a huge bill. The battery does not cost $56,000, obviously. The dealership changed the price to that in order to soak it out of this customer. If I were Hyundai Canada, that would be a license revocation and they should be represented by another dealer.
That undercarriage was bottomed out  on concrete. It is not just a matter of a scratch. It looks like the impact caused the battery to short out inside. It is a bad design. Who in their right mind would buy such a pile of crap ?
Let’s be real here for a moment. The battery doesn’t cost more than the new car. The dealership didn’t want to go through the hassle of swapping the battery and gave him a quote that is higher than a new car so that he would go for it instead.  Edit: I wrote this before Kyle appeared in the video.
we own a 2013 hyundai sonata hybrid every time we went for a oil change they over sold us to the tune of a thousand dollars or more the last time we went for a seat belt recall they told me the engine had an oil leak and the engine had to be pulled to the tune of 1500 dollars when i went in to see the so called oil leak was a small spill that i did when i put oil in it. we said no and that was the last time we will ever go into the hyundai dealership
Kim java refers to a uber driver who had to replace his battery of his Tesla for $9,000.
Get a Tesla, you would not have this experience for sure a replacement batteries will cost not more than 1/3 of this and a scratch will not void your warranty for sure.
Hyundai gotta know how much damage this story has in their brand marketing globally. I personally ain’t never buying Hyundai or Genesis ever again if this is how they handle a case of clear design flaw.
This has always been THE single biggest turn-off for me with EVs.  With an ICE car I have way more things that I need to keep track of and that could go wrong, but I _can_ do most of it myself or find a good independent mechanic. EVs went down the Apple route and make you always pass through the dealership or the manufacturer, you're at their mercy.  That and the fact that I like my stick shift, but that's personal preference.
If cars are THIS delicate, NO one would want an EV.  Do you know how much damage a fuel vehicle can take without costing 60k? SERIOUSLY? I mean NO Fuel vehicle would have this happen.
Stealership
This is the problem with non-serviceable battery packs, and in my opinion, all current EVs are garbage. If there is any possible chance that a battery pack is damaged, it has to be replaced. How is a world of EVs supposed to support a used car market? Battery packs will be worth more than the car, and insurance will be totaling cars because of possible damages. Everybody who buys and supports the current EV market is part of the problem. All you owners know how expensive the battery packs are; how's that going to reflect on the vehicle after the warranty? Who cares, right? You won't be keeping it past 100,000 miles. Leasing vehicles priced so high and buying them would be absurd and ignore the fact that vehicles with less build time and fewer parts are more expensive than standard cars that take longer to build and have more parts, which should cost more. Then the excuse of new technology is the reason for higher prices... LoL, the battery-powered car first hit the road some time around 1830, lithium batteries are over 30 years old as well. There is no new technology in EVs; they just profit from ignorant buyers who can't see that repackaging existing technology is not new. A perfect example of that is Tesla removing sensors in favor of visual sight cameras only, and people have gone along with it. All are completely ignorant of the fact that visual sight is dependent on exterior sources to provide data vs. a sensor, which produces its own output signal and is not dependent on an exterior source.
Awful that Hyundai is ripping off their customers like this, none of the battery packs I've ever heard of needing to be replaced (they are pretty rare) have ever costed even close to this much.
Avoid Kia and Hyundai
Car dealerships are some of the most unethical companies in North America. This is not a surprise. One Hyundai dealership can be great, while another can be predatory. No matter how good a car manufacturer can be, you’re still primarily stuck dealing with dealerships who want to screw you. That said, twenty years ago, Hyundai was a joke brand. Their cars were crap. They have done a lot to make their cars more appealing, but Hyundai seems like they’re still a joke brand.
"...  to reduce your carbon footprint..."   Well there's the big lie.  If you figure in the carbon cost of manufacture including the battery it is much, much higher than an equivalent fit for purpose ICE vehicle and also figure in that most electricity is from fossil fuel sources , you have to pretty well drive that vehicle for the life of the battery pack before you *break even* with ICE as far as carbon footprint is concerned.  To paraphrase a rather famous author, "humans need to have learned to do mathematics by the time they are adults, otherwise this is what you get".  John Cadogan did the maths on this and he got one thing wrong in favour of ICE (carbon cost of electricity), however he also compared a 3 ton SUV EV to a 3 ton diesel truck which I definitely don't agree with.  He was comparing weight for weight instead of comparing vehicles intended for the same purpose.  Pesky maths.  EVs make great sense for short hop commutes and school and shopping runs, not for long haul or fleet purposes.  Battery capacity is a case of diminishing returns, and trying to fit a square peg into a round hole results in stupidity like a one ton $60,000 battery pack replacement if it gets a bit of a knock.  The next question we should be asking is how Hyundai can put a $60,000 battery into a rear wheel drive vehicle and sell the whole thing for $55,000.  Yes parts are usually worth more than the sum of the vehicle, but that's just stupid.  Wrong and stupid.  Find out how many cells in the battery (probably between 1000 and 2000, but most likely about 1200) and then work out how much that is per cell.  Very wrong.  Very stupid.  EVs are just great, if you have reasonable expectations and understand what will *really* "save the planet" and what is just fluff and window dressing the car companies are happy to go along with as longs it means consumers give them two or three (or more) times as much money as they need to.  I have reasonable expectations, and I do have pretty good grasp of the ecological economics, what I don't have is any offerings from any major car companies that offer useful practical products that will, indeed, "save the planet".  A few of them did try, but they were soundly roasted on the grounds of things like range and performance, while the average person who thinks they know what a car is just wanted something that would do everything their petrol or diesel vehicle did, but faster and with no extra inconvenience or cost to them.  Stupid.  I do hope that better technologies come along, but it's not possible right now, and probably won't be possible by 2030 or 2035 or whatever ICE Armageddon day various governments try to set.  What we've got right now is just a grande experiment that anyone who can do maths can see is just greenwashing, and the more dangerous our cities will become.  The more EVs we see on the road, the more it's going to be obvious to all hoo-mans, even the ones who can't do math.
The mining of rare earth minerals for EV's damages the environment, disposing the batteries and recycling the components at the end of their life is still an unknown, the fact that the batteries seem to be a  fire hazard and that our electrical grid is not ready for EV adoption tells me to stay away from them. Fossil fuels are still burned to provide the electricity to charge them so why the hype? Even if the range was 600 miles, I still wouldn't be interested. How about we stick with simple fuel efficient internal combustion engine vehicles without computers or fancy electronics, choice of automatic or manual transmission and the ability to maintain them ourselves for those that are inclined?  Why is this so difficult?  The fact that the governments are ramming them down our throats is also a big turnoff. No thanks!
Another steaming pile  of Eco-crap. ROFL
Gasoline Forever!!!
Another inconvenient truth about EVs.  The real issue is liability of the potentially damaged battery.  Even small damage to an EV battery can lead to catastrophic battery thermal runaway, i.e. spontaneous battery combustion\fire.  Thermal runaway may not present itself right away, but could be 6 months or so down the road.
If anyone needs another reason for not buying an electric car, this it it.
Is that is CAD is around 45,000 USD. I can buy 3 cars with that.
Is that is CAD is around 45,000 USD. I can buy 3 cars with that.
Drivers are getting ripped off, left right and centre. If not for extortionate repair bills, then massive insurance increases. There has to be a breaking point soon. We all need cars for work etc. If we can’t afford them. Something will have to give, like the economy. It is time for governments to get involved. They need to regulate these money grabbers before it’s too late.
What the hell kinda insurance y'all have in Canada?  He hit something and through dealer BS the car needs to be totaled and that will cause his insurance to double for 10 years?
This is going to cheer up all the EV owners. 😂
Unless the performance of the vehicle was affected I wouldn’t have brought it to the attention of Hyundai.
This is just a warning for whst is now coming in terms of the car market and insurance. They are forcing this agenda of EV cars on the public and will try to have total control on us, our cars wjth the ability to remotely shut down a car whenever they want
If iam not mistaken my model 3 battery change will cost about 130-150k
This is fraud straight and simple.
THE JOYS OF EV OWNERSHIP   VERY EXPENSIVE TO BUY NEW  MASSIVE DEPRECIATION   FIRE RISK   VERY EXPENSIVE TO CHARGE AT PUBLIC CHARGERS  MOST PUBLIC CHARGERS  NOT WORKING  HAVE TO WAIT TO USE A CHARGER  RANGE ANXIETY  RANGE LOWER THAN MANUFACTURES CLAIM  COLD WEATHER RANGE VERY LOW  HOT WEATHER RANGE VERY LOW  CANT USE HEATERS IN WINTER DUE TO LOSS OF RANGE CANT USE AIR CON DUE TO LOSS OF RANGE  CANT USE  RADIO , WIPERS , ETC  DUE TO LOSS OF RANGE   MASSIVE TIRE WEAR  EXPENSIVE TIRE COSTS DUE TO WEIGHT OF EV   NOW VERY EXPENSIVE TO INSURE   NO SOUL , PASSION , EMOTION , GOOD DESIGN  , SOUND , CHANGING GEARS   CARS WRITTEN OFF FOR ANY MINOR DAMAGE  IF BATTERY DAMAGED VERY EXPENSIVE TO BUY AND FIT A NEW ONE   TERRIBLE CHARGING INFASTRUCTURE    SOFTWARE ISSUES  BATTERY LIFESPAN CONCERNS   BATTERY DISPOSAL EXPENSIVE   CHARGING SPEEDS  VERY SLOW  ENVIROMENTAL IMPACT OF MINING FOR BATTERIES  CHILD LABOUR MINING FOR COBALT AND LITHIUM   ALL BUT TWO EVS ARE DROP DEAD UGLY   THERE WILL NEVER BE A CLASSIC EV   EV EVANGLISTS   NEED A HOME CHARGER   NOW EASY TO STEAL    ETC ETC ETC
Woah i thought that was Nkrm Mcdonald sitting there for a few seconds then
Somebody is going to get one hell of a deal at the auto auction!
Manufacturers need to address this now.  I would not buy an EV for exactly this and other battery issues!
The admission of the  battery   being able to explode from  hitting  a rock  is enough  to tell me that these EV 's  are dangerous.    A second hand gasoline car  will be better  choice to buy. You can buy a lot of car parts for $60,000 dollars.
Rip off! If a EV or Hybrid battery will cost a customer this much, DO NOT BUY from the dealership and that vehicle brand anymore! I’d stick to either Toyota, Honda, Lexus, and Acura!. Too many problems with Hyundai and Kia.
Apple has been doing this for years to its consumers.
And what the hell are they going to do with that battery? Recycle it?
Buy an ICE  quit joking around
Yeah,EV’s are expensive junk
Its because they are so scared of damaged, potentially damaged, batteries catch fire
Y’all think that battery cost 58000 maybe 4500$ to 3500$
Electric cars are like throw away pens once used up just throw it away😊. Do not worry it is all eco 😊
The lesson learned here is that EV's are not yet ready for the normal population.   They're just cell phones on wheels and horribly wasteful in both money (depreciation) and natural resources.  The battery technology is just not yet where it needs to be.
Dear Kyle,just be happy that p.o.s. is written off and that you can now buy something decent
The protection cover needs a protection cover 😂
How can they claim that the battery replacement cost depends on how much damage has been done to the battery?  If it is being replaced, it's all new, it doesn't matter if it is scratched or missing, you are replacing the whole unit.  But, if I had an issue like this with the dealer I would be contacting my local head office and possibly even the international head office, before I allowed the car to be scrapped.
Hey you guys rushed to buy plug in cars right? 😂
Tesla maybe not perfect but don't rip you of like this.  Problem legacy manufacturers have is to try to get a new car model out every year to persuade the masses with their limited models. This means expensive batteries for different models, variations and limited stock for older models.  Considering Tesla has the beneficial of fewer models but more produced. Others should too if they want to survive.
Electric vehicles are ONE BIG SCAM.
This makes no sense
Ok thats nothing New....5 years ago it was the same with Renault...but maybe nobody can remember because of tiktok brain damage.
😮 !!  This is so wrong on so many levels, financially,  environmentally,  ethically,  this is terrible. Something needs to be done quickly.
NIO sells the EV and you can subscribe for the battery swabbing system. They are revolutionizing this market
Question for Motormouth:  It is the legal responsibility of the AA to perform the MOT on cars in Canada. This dealer pretty much took the vehicle off the road, because there is a large incentive for him (selling a new car) while there is no risk involved in doing a wrongful assessment of the observed damage. So why is it that a dealer in Canada can pretty much condemn a car to the scrapyard based on an assessment where he is both judge and party?
I will never buy anything from Hyundai
Did you know...... there is something in this world called a HYDROGEN POWERED ENGINE....???? But you can make HYDROGEN for free and the car will literally CLEAN THE AIR......  BUT BUT BUT IT WOULD BE FREE FUEL......NNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  Greed and stupidity will end the human race!! Stephen Hawking......  ....we are already there x
Spend the 1600 to remove the battery, have it evaluated. Probably nothing wrong with it. Reinstall with a new shield.
He bought a toy and it broke. Next time buy a car.
What a scam.
dealers will always be stealers!
Hyundai need to make a " Battery protection cover" cover and while there at it make a "Battery protection cover-cover" cover and a master cover  to cover the other covers
I work in parts at a Nissan Dealership in Canada and the battery prolem is here too. Even replacing one under warranty for a Nissan Leaf had s jumping through hoops to try and figure out how to even order one!
Battery warranty can be void in case of accident? The reply from Hyundai Canada PR department is full of jargons and hogwash - "battery cost differ blah, blah...". How can a battery be costlier than whole car?
What happened now to the old car battery?? - scrapped? Sold on ? What ?????
Dont buy electric cars YOU ARE THE EXPERIMENT
Louis Rossman where are you
This is completely unacceptable!  I was considering buying 2 units of this car to put in an Uber fleet in Portugal. If you are having this problem in Canada, I'm sure it will be no different in Portugal. After having access to this case, this possibility is completely ruled out. I'm going with tesla model 3. Thank you Kyle for letting us know about this situation and I hope you can resolve this situation in the best way.
Helloooooo McFlyyyyyyyyyy ! ! !  What isn't mentioned here , is that for every "total loss" vehicle claim , everyone else's premium will undoubtably rise  due to that loss...and because his premium will DEFINITELY rise , Kyle doesn't have to buy another car , in fact Kyle could ride the bus/train/rideshare etc. for the rest of his life (for all we know)  ...basically John Q. Public (insurance policy holders) will bear the expense of this debacle  Insurance companies are in business to make money , they do NOT lose money...PERIOD ! Our insurance is rising because of this crap and also because of the outrageous prices of cars and trucks altogether.  😇❤
That's what happens when you put your ass on a highly dangerous technology and want to drive around with it.
It's clear to me that the dealer was trying to profiteer  - treating the customer as a cash cow. Any old excuse to weasel out of a warranty claim and sell a replacement at an inflated margin to a captive audience. They deserve to lose their franchise.
I’ll continue with my combustion engine vehicles for  now.
Thank you for the warning! I'm definitely not buying an electric car after watching this, at least for the next 10 years.
This feels more like dubious practice rather than fair business. Let's not forget it was Hyundai, who designed these policies and this way of treating clients. I must say I am not surprised, though. There has been a tough conflict between dealers and Hyundai in my country for years. From what I understand, Hyundai implemented more and more questionable rules and standards until dealers started to leave. It would be interesting if you could also explore and explain how other car manufacturers have handled similar situations.
Part of it the price is that it’s so new they can’t get one so in order to get the battery they probably have to salvage it out of a new car which is said they make something but you cannot get parts for it
No sympathy here.
Before everyone jumps on the EV hate train, just understand this is a Hyundai / Dealership issue. Not an EV issue.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Don't buy an electric vehicle.  They won't have a resale value because replacing a battery are way too expensive.
Lets face it Battery  Powered Vehicles are Shit .  They have No Future. Think about it. No need to participate.  Keep your money for better things. Just keep driving your ICE Powered Vehicles.+
This is such a scam, Arent ev supposed to be better for the environment? I can't see how when there righting off cars like this.
Tesla: We make lots of money by brutally extorting people over repairs! We are so smart. Hyundai dealership: Hold my beer!
A tiny tiny dent voids the warranty? That's even bigger news here
This sounds more of a user issue. Why didn't he go to a different dealership to have them inspect it instead of relying on the dealership he bought it from?
That's crazy! I am never buying a Hyundai electric car. I can't believe this shit is legal. A lawyer should have been involved throughout the whole process.
Don't worry, Kyle. Just hike up the rent on your real estate properties that your parents sent you over to run.
Gangsters
Just drive it. Nothing's even wrong with it.
Never by a EV.
The amount of confirmation bias in these comments is incredible. People who fight change at every step eat this crap up, while ignoring the obvious benefits of battery vehicles.
Must be a mistake or a scam. If batteries cost that much then you couldn't buy a single EV in Canada below $100K new. I mean all the other parts that make up the car would cost a lot as well. The battery is just one part the whole rest of the car cost money as well. I mean can't imagine they would upsell a battery replacement. You'd think they would do that at near "cost" meaning just a little bit above what the battery actually cost from factory floor and then labour.    Also in Canada an EV is a pretty bad choice of a car. We have winters and that means cold starting an EV during 20 minus. Good luck and also you can kiss that "range" goodbye during winter months. Then the cars cost way too much and as we can see the battery part of the car is way too much to replace. I heard about the Tesla replacement of $22K US dollars. Which isn't even half of this price in  US converted dollars.  Again we can thank Trudelina for all these forced things upon us Canadians. We have nearly the largest oil reserves in the world, but hey lets toss that out the window and crush our dollar value and number 1 export and well I can go on ad nauseum.
Well, in civilized countries HYUNDAI has a 7 year warranty including the battery😂😂😂
EVs are a scam, couldnt care less about musks innovations
According to Recurrent, the average EV battery price per kWh is $135/kWh since 2020 (projected to be ~$60/kWh by 2030). With a normal battery size of 60kWh that's $8k. Now, there's a HUGE variation in price per manufacturer. E.g. BMW's batteries cost roughly $700/kWh to replace. On the other hand Nissan chargers around $150/kWh. And some dealers also upcharge a lot on top. E.g. GM lists their price at ~$250/kWh, which is $16k for a Bolt EV (65kWh) - but there's been dealers quoting $30k. That's one of the reasons why I wouldn't buy an EV from legacy auto manufacturers. They're selling their vehicles at a huge loss for compliance reasons, and their dealers can be very greedy. It may very well bite you when you need to replace the battery.
After the decline of sales of EVs, this is the final nail in the coffin.
To make it worse, after one year, he's not even close to paying off his car loan. Any money the insurance company would pay, would go to the finance company, not the car owner, and they would still be liable to pay off the remaining balance.
If the Hyundai Ioniq cars (and their KIA sister brand equivalents) are this fragile and so prone to fire risks, then the sales of these cars should be stopped immediately in Canada.
simple.. dont buy a Hyundai!, damn even in their home South Korea.. their damn EV lineups are madmax brakes failing and such, their own people hate their EV lines.
Do ur homework before buying an EV.
They didn't even took the protective cover off to verify the battery itself. Great job Hyundai Canada! Steer clear from such a untrustworthy company!
Great so now instead of the dealership telling you it's 60 grand you will have Hyundai telling you it's 60 grand 😂
EV's are a joke. I would never park one in a garage of a house.
No amount of Kevin Bacon commercials will nullify this bad PR for Hyundai.
Well you need to do your research before you think about buying an ev It is becoming  very obvious that electric vehicles are just a throw away product. It is the same all over the world.  Ev's are junk.  Ice vehicle's have been around  for over  100 years  and will be around and able to be repaired or completely rebuilt. After this is done it still has economic value. Not like these throw away   fads. Wake up all of you
You dont have to understand, you have to pay. Thats how it works, idiots buy electric cars, idiots never do their research, never bother checking actual repair costs if something as important is damaged before buying the car. Idiots pay for their stupidity, just later. This time, the idiots are being exploited by "electric" car manufacturers.
I've read so many horror stories about Hyundai stealership warranty shenanigans, i will never buy a Hyundai. No part should cost more than the vehicle.
Now if you wonder why is insurance rate for EVs insanely high and rising, this is it. And if you don't change the battery pack and car flare up and burn your house down or something? I don't even want to know about it. People all over the world should wake up. Especially here in EU tho. This should NOT be only option as a new car in 6 years as lot of auto makers claim, it is insanity!
Don't buy a Hyundai EV.
Mechanic here from over the pond in the UK so not sure if it's the same as over there. In the UK there's a lot of stipulation around the repair of EVs when they've been damaged, for example you have to store them 100m away from any other cars or buildings, when brought in for repair you need to cordon off that area of the workshop and the technician themselves need to be high voltage trained. All of this makes repairing of EVs impractical and expensive, often causing companies to loose money on a job, inevitably this means repair centres and insurance companies aren't inclined to carry out repairs as its not financially viable. Often times these 1 or 2 year old EVs that have had minor damage get written off by the insurance companies and goes to sit in a storage depo until they figure out what to do with it as from that point onwards they are considered a hazard. The ridiculous price given for repair is basically them saying we're not interested, try somewhere else.
The biggest question is: why would the new car costs $55K brand new (including a battery), and a new battery costs $56k just for parts?
This is why EV’s won’t do well in sales the prices to fix or replace things are astronomical
Dont buy EV 's now or in the near future.   Your just gonna screw yourself
Nothing new here, trying buying parts for an in warranty Apple computer, parts are usually more expensive than the whole computer.
Hyundai Canada by the sounds of it are trying to save their butts from other potential customers hearing this story and thinking twice about buying a Hyundai because if something in the road is going to total your car is not something anyone would want to hear when a gas powered car can drive over a thing in the road and no damage or little damage will happen. If the battery are that frail I would think it would be better protected my off road truck can drive over jagged boulders and stuff without damaging the bottom because of plate steel protecting the under carriage why can't a EV have the same protection instead of a thin piece of plastic that is damaged by something in the road anyway I am staying far from the EV thing until I am forced to have to get one and I hope by that time they have things handled better.
doesn't make sense battery guaranteed 8 years there usually really good about warranty a scratch? would that be there fault 4 no protection on battery..pretty sure if u sued u would win.. is this same policy in USA?
I replaced the battery in my 5.0 f150 this year for 0.5% of the price and people say I'm wasting money driving a gas guzzler.
$60,000 for a battery? It’s why I’ll never buy an EV. It’s why a lot of Americans will never buy an EV. There are places in America, today, $60,000 will almost buy someone a house.
THIS IS THE END OF EV , ONLY STUPID PEOPLE BUY EV.
One of the main reasons I haven't purchased an EV.  My next vehicle will be an SUV with a regular ICE engine.  They should mandate all EV manufacturers to inform all future purchasers to know how much replacement batteries cost.  It's the same mentality as buying a new ICE vehicle and how much parts/maintenance/service costs.  You'd be surprised when folks buy BMWs/Mercedes and then discover the insane costs for service.    Also, ICBC sucks.  It's very expensive, and it's mandated for all drivers in that province as the primary insurance before any private insurance.
In the name of global worming and no more fuel left, these companies are looting the people in the name of electric vehicle, don’t fall into this trap for the coming 10 years! After that china will enter into the market with huge stake and market will be like very cheap for electric vehicle and for their maintenance because of competition in the market! Like android phone launched in 2010 and worst phones were very highly priced and now  you know the market!
This is all BIDENs fault,  a vote for Biden is a Vote for insanity.
I have to stay with ICE auto's.
That's why NIO (the premium EV company shines).  Battery swapping and battery-as-a-service.  You buy the EV only, you don't buy the batteries which degrade over time.  Once the Chinese EVs will arrive our shores, the rest will become obsolete.  Hyundai, Toyota, and whatever.  Why buy an EV with a battery when you don't have to and just lease the battery and always can be swapped with another that is most up-to-date with battery technology.  We have to do things that make sense.  For those who don't know who NIO is, NIO is the Blue Sky Coming EV premium car company from China.  Look up their battery swapping technology.  NIO has so far cumulatively provided more than 34 million battery swap services, an average of about 60,000 per day, according to statement on the company website.  Why buy the battery?  Hope it make sense.  Chill on.
Obviously EVs are a gigantic waste of money coming and going. Buyer beware. No way one part can exceed the MSRP from new. The battery is probably worth a couple thousand in reality with huge markups by greedy corporations gouging ppl
Listen guys, a little common sense could help 60,000 ways, you drive the car and it's covering the same distance, it's taking a charge, no dashboard fault code means the battery is good guys, a battery is a battery and if it is damaged it will not work. I can't believe how stupid folks are, come on guys all the car freaks that bring their car in for any small difference, cars are  mechanical entities and just like people they don't always feel 100% and there is nothing wrong don't be a hypochondriac and  get ripped off constantly.  Years ago I had a gear in the manual transmission that was whining loudly car was under warranty dealer said yes this is covered so I had no choice but to file a claim, after the transmission was out the dealership calls and said clutch is worn so I would be wise replacing the part and I would not be charged the labor since GM paid to remove transmission, I asked for the cost of parts and they gave me almost 700 dollars for the clutch, I said, listen guys I have been working in a body shop all my life, and have changed clutch assemblies on different occasions and the discs used to cost about 75.00, manager said sorry we can only use GM parts, I told him GM does not build clutch discs they outsource them but guy said I cannot so what are my options, none, tranny is out so pay the creep 700. About one year later the stupid gear starts howling again except this time warranty expired so I took the trans out myself and guess what I find, an aftermarket clutch, yes the 75.00 one, I then bust the trans apart and low and behold, the same damn gear, those guys changed the gear but used the same retaining clip from the last gear replacement which rightfully should be replaced costing 1.50. So to save 1.50 two gears were damaged requiring trans removal, well I am pissed and go to dealership to show them the parts including retainer ring, what does the service creep say, there is no way we would do this you could have taken the trans out how do I know you didn't switch the part, the bastard, I said listen pal try being a little honest and at least supply the gear and clip I will do the labor, nope, I told him look at these parts all chewed up, you actually believe I had nothing better to do so I took the trans out and totally disassemble it to make you look bad??? Anyways I left still pissed off, we buy many parts to repair other vehicles so I asked the manager there  if he could pull up my claim and get a copy of what was done, he calls back and said there are no claims for your car. I tell him, make me understand why any dealership would take a trans out, disassemble it, change the gear, reassemble it, and install it in the car all for free??? You just cannot win with these companies, they don't think twice about ripping you off, even GM is unethical, they knew damn well I was telling the truth, the problem, I could not find my invoice so they took maximum advantage of me, the dealership had no claim, and General Motors had no claim filed, so could not help with the paperwork .. The GM dealership was deceptive and dishonest, they installed non GM parts but charged GM Warranty for factory replacement parts, once a crook always a crook, they cannot be trusted because they have no understanding of the damage  they are subjecting others to.
In California 90% of the Auto Insurance Companies left the State
Buying EV is like buying a printer, when ink cost as much as the printer itself 😂
Typical for Hyundai if there is engine on ICE hearing from other channels. They don't want to replace them, and Toyota had issues  with GR86. Which is why I Bought a 2022 Roush Mustang thru Ford a warranty for 8 years I don't pay for fluids or even Brake Systems. I pay nothing.  I will never sell her. 👦👍🏎🏁🚩 Great report
Why not being honest and straight with your audience? Who you are protecting? It is obvious that this dealership has no expertise and even they had, they did not bother inspecting, let alone investigating and assessing anything! They would kill for maintenance on EV! So a situation like Kyle is a gift from heaven for those thefts, and you know it! They are incapable of telling him the extend of the damage, can’t remove a battery shield but know the whole battery must be replace? Come on now! Ridiculous! And you demonstrate complicit behaviour when not calling a cat, a cat!
get a NIO
Buy EV is buy big problem,Do not buy EV
And now they know why not many people are buying EVs anymore. If it's not the charging that give drivers the headache then it's the batteries and its lack of reliability and expensive replacement prices. Not everyone could afford paying $60K for a battery replacement every few years.
Hyundai dealers seem to be even worse than VW dealers. I wonder who's going to buy this car at auction from ICBC and make a bunch of money on it? I know one other story like this, from a Chev dealer on Vancouver Island. A customer in a Bolt hit something on the road, and took it to the dealer -- the car was so dirty I expect it was on a logging road. What the car was driven over dented the actual battery case quite well. The dealer wanted to split the battery case to see if any cells were damaged, and if so, to replace a damaged cell and the lower battery case. GM refused to let them open the case, said the battery was $30,000 CAD, and ICBC wrote that car off too. I expect battery repair to be done a lot more in five years.
That makes me so upset... I really wanted to get an Ionic 5... now I am definetely not getting an EV anymore, that's not the first time I hear this, Tesla has the same issue... too bad... I will keep polluting the environment...
pretty sure its a bs story. literally millions of ev's on the road for decades. (14 million sold this year alone..)  take a grain of sand from a huge bucket of sand and thats your story.. talk to someone else. cause it aint the car,,
Tesla done the same hundreds of times. Electric manufacturers are fighting against right to repair, just like Ford did last century.
I driving on the freeway scratched the motor under the car,and little piece of battery,costs me $23000 to fix it,EV is just big scam
Who, in their right mind, would buy an EV? They are barely greener than an ICE car, they expensive to buy, more expensive to run, if not, now, soon. and the smallest accident writes them off. Insurance premiums on EV's will continue to increase, even if the Insurance companies spread the risk to ICE vehicle drivers. Resale values are pathetic, I mean, who would buy a second hand EV?
This super high cost means that EV makers are loosing money and trying to get it back!
Ive never felt comfortable buying an EV ever due to number of reasons. Just added another BIG reason not to buy one for atleast the next 10 years. Im good with Hybrid at the moment
That another failure by the Democratic Party never going to work.
Great, informative video. I've taken to watching more videos from Canada, about EVs and especially about road conditions and the charging infrastructure.  It is great to see content like this from North America about this particular segment (EV) and the customer experience. Like you both brought up during your video, a dealership is not the "Company". They are a separate business affiliated with the Hyundai Corporation, to sell their products and to fulfill their terms and conditions.
As someone who deals with dealers all the time I'm going to let everyone in on a little secret. Canada is being fleeced over the coals when it comes to pricing. Recently this year my job had to replace a customers infotainment unit on a newer Audi because a tool was accidentally dropped on it. in Canada coming from Germany it would of been 3k+ just for the part but the tech that did the damage did some more research and found a dealer in the states was selling the same exact part for under 1k. the difference was completely insane. Add in that this happened in BC where there are a lot of Asian descent people who come to Canada to get a higher education and practically throw away their items when they go back a lot of dealers are used to giving out insane quotes because they can get away with it plus if ICBC(BC's Public Insurance) was getting involved anywhere I bet that ICBC will pay more for the repair if they didn't write the car off as again, Insurance companies get fleeced as well by Vendors. one part might be sold off the shelf for $300.00 but you add insurance to it and now its double or sometimes triple the price, its insane.  Canada has so much business corruption I doubt we would ever get any good financial figures  Also bet that the batteries are fine and the dealer was trying to take advantage of the guy as well, Dealers aren't there to give you good service but the most overpriced service you will swallow with a smile.
Icbc is satan. You need to go to court to clear your name with them. I would get hyundai Canada to advocate for you that you did not in fact meet the threshold of bad driver and that their car is flawed.
I feel like this is primarily an issue with the dealer quality. Just another reason they are becoming increasingly useless and a barrier to positive customer experience with automobile companies. Get rid of dealers.
Last time I checked, I can change my sump pretty cheap. I'll stick with dinosaur juice.
This will also destroy the used car market, no more cheap used cars if all the 5-7 year old vehicles wont turn on or work because the battery is fried.  This is how they destroy car ownership.  You either have a new electric car, or you take the bus.  No more used cars.  What a perfect plan, what evil.  Us peasants lived too close to them and they didnt like us sharing in THEIR world, so back to the middle ages with us.
it is more like 10k dollar battery to me.
Literally cheaper just insurance to get another car!! than replace fkn battery!
Good luck for 2035
US Sale Price: $32,262.96 for that battery incredible how Canadians are being ripped off by Hyundai.
Too bad you did NOT actually research the carbon footprint of an EV BEFORE you opened your mouth. MOST EVs carbon footprint before they are ever sold is 4-5 TIMES that of gas/diesel powered vehicles plus annual carbon footprint from electricity generation. Additional weight wearing out tires faster and those debris spread all over the highway along with added wear of the highway surfaces, cost of future replacement batteries that must rape the earth for the required RARE minerals used (you must build the replacement battery before the current one in the vehicle dies). It takes any EV 3-5 years BEFORE it is carbon neutral.  ANY battery fire releases toxic gases that negate any carbon reductions from 50 other EVs and you fail to explain the carbon footprint to process a dead battery & the highly toxic chemicals that must be made environmentally safe. MAJOR FAIL
Sounds like a greedy dealership.
This applies to every car is my guess.
Be prepared to pay double for an E.V.
Kyle, I have an 07 tacoma. Im sitting on money to buy a new car and waiting for the market to crash. Buy a tacoma, you will NOT be sorry.
ICE cars can last for decades. Just look at those classics. How long can an EV last when its battery is no longer manufactured?
It's official: Korean cars are crap. No amount of marketing will change my mind.
Dont buy full ev buy a hybrid toyota or honda
EV is a scam. Stick with ICEs.  I use milwaukee tools and the batter degrades over time. How? Well, the battery has multiple cells in them and they do burn out. My 18v batteries has about 10 cells. If you have the chance to test each cell, you will learn and justify why EVs are a scam.
60k for the battery so they’re selling the car at a net lost ? The math ain’t mathing
Wake up, EVs are already dead. Why do we have to go to a news media to get a car problem fixed. ICE vehicles will become even more valuable and EVs will be worthless. NO THANKS.
The battery design must be modular so you don't need to replace he whole unit, but just the damaged portion. This is crappy design of the EV.
Wow!  Good story.  I am looking to buy EV.  Now I will make sure to research and very likely not to purchase Hyundai EV.
It is what it is.Batteries have changed,hence the price when replacing it.
DO NOT BELIEVE THIS VIDEO!  I am a Hyundai EV technican and have replaced a few of these batteries under warranty for small defects found internally and know for a FACT that these batteries do not cost that much.  if you look at the quote provided, list price is $6649.98.  that dealership put an insane mark up on that battery.  That dealership is the problem, which is sad.
Lol typical Hyundai garbage.
$60k for a replacement pack is INSANE! 😵   But equally insane is that the dealership in question never actually inspected the battery before condemning the car.   They literally saw scratches on the protection cover, ASSUMED that meant the battery was damaged, then backed the customer into a corner by voiding their warranty.   This dealership needs to be investigated ASAP, everything about the way they handled this STINKS.  Even without the crazy costs involved that is NOT how it should be done. Kyle did absolutely nothing wrong and is now going to be thousands of dollars out of pocket for years now because of this!  That is wrong.
This just 1 reason why I didn't buy a EV or Hybrid. The other is I tend to keep my cars 10 years +. Who is going to by a 10 or 11 year old Hybrid or EV? I'm 65 drive less than 5000 miles a year. Had a 2013 Toyota Avalon Limited V6, 48000 miles, mint condition. I was going to keep it until either I or it died. Toyota / Lexus has been going all Hybrid or EV. I figured better buy the last of the V6's now. Didn't care for the Crown or the price. For the same money I could get a well optioned Lexus ES 350. The value of my Avalon was high. Dealers no longer asking MSRP. Small window of opportunity. I now have a new car that will hopefully last 20 years.
ICBC will just resell it ,that's what happened to me 10 years a go , it was a scam .
Thank you guys for exposing this Hyundai scam, keep up the good work! That Hyundai official statement sounds like it came straight out of Trudeau’s office. Load of B.S. Kyle, grab a hybrid from Toyota/Lexus man, it’s a no brainer.
So let's get this straight. ICBC gets an increased rate from Kyle(people of BC) Hyundai wins as Kyle purchased vehicle from Hyundai and doesn't have to warranty battery or test or inspect. Seems like a scam all around.
and that's why older vehicles are going up in price
Why is the list price 6600$ and the cost is 59,000$  This video is a fake
the Canadian Enviromental minister Guilbeau  could not care less
People, you need to stop buying that crap. .. they're not worth the money they say it is.  We need to stop making  these corporations richer. Stop buying. They're not worth it!!
was the car actually driveable? why take it in if it still drives fine?
Moral of the story..
No Hyundai for me.
THis is just one more reason that makes me to never want to buy an EV. they are a worse im pact on the environment than combustion engine vehicles. Also in Canada citizens are being forced to buy them by the government. EV,s are not going to be safe until they can get rid of the lithium batteries. Toxic and landfill fillers.
So Hyundai started Scamming customers on massive scale. That's wonderful. SCAMMERS!!!
its very simple - obviously the dealers know the customer is stupid for buying the piece of junk in the first place -- therefore they proceed to scam the stupid person again since its very easy   -- the stupid person is too stupid to know they are stupid
The Response is simply corporate speech for : "We will try to milk you for every penny we can". The battery can be a set price full stop, you bill on make and model exactly like you do for cars what can be a variable is labor and you bill that on a separate line and there you can be as detailed as you can be , if they needed to re-weld the entire housing they can add that in.
Imagine the brand damage this caused over 60K. They should give him a brand new vehicle for free with an NDA attached. Easily lost millions of dollars in brand value from this going viral.
Unfortunately, no dealer would sell an EV with the cost of a new battery replacement next to the car price
Steer away from Hyundai and EVs
4 Module Tesla Batteries go for 25k. Much less than 60!!
Appears that no one from the dealer, the body shop or ICBC have any expertise in determining the actual condition of the car/battery.  Hyundai dealer using a gap measurement of a hole to write off the battery is ridiculous;  no battery diagnostics run or borescope  inspection?  ICBC also at fault for taking the no effort option of writing the car off and jacking  the owner's insurance, not exactly no fault insurance if hitting road debris results in a ten year penalty for the driver.  Definitely need a Lawyer involved in this process as it is sounding like a class action may be required to ensure there is adequate consumer protection in place before everyone is forced by government mandate to buy an eV or give up driving.  Resource waste from governments adopting eVs as the only green solution is sickening when they get scrapped before even recovering the manufacturing CO2 contribution.   Minor fender benders also have potential to "damage the battery" so someone in the food chain stands to make a lot of money selling scrapped vehicles if nothing can be repaired for a reasonable cost.
That's why I don't want an electric car...
Do not buy this cars, this car makers  and dealers are reaping off the consumers.
Great build at least 2 x batteries for each EV built…. Save the environment my a@# 😂
And people wonder why my daily driver was built in 1999.
I hate when I have to pay over $200 for my car battery, I will never buy a EV.
Just drive it,get some use out of it.
Good thing in todays world everyone is a multi-millionaire otherwise this would be a very big deal.
Sell it for parts, and get a gas car.
I will stick with my 1988 Toyota pick up ! It just passed 100,000 kms so it should last a lot longer than any ev .
That's EV's and Hyundai off my list of potential cars to buy
Completely disgusting from the dealer :(
My next vehicle is going to be a horse and buggy.
Only if there was a company working on solving this problem..
Nah fk EVs
Lucky you Canada.  In 10 years, new dino juice cars won't be sold.   I would love to know the politics of the people getting hosed.   Jumping on the EV Bandwagon, I'd say you played yourself and you deserve it.  You get the government you vote for.
"Buy EV  to save money on fuel" o.0 ...aaand go benkrupt on batery xD
If you are buying an EV after this and so many other stories you really need to have your heads examined. WAY too much exposure and yeah at 8 years old....is your car worth anything other than parts?Sheesh......and oh Canada.....insurance doubling because the cars protecive plate did its job? WHAT.....Hyundai....what is the point of the protective plate then? I mean it did its job..........but you say it didn't WOWZA.........I never bought into the EV thing, never liked the dancing conversatipn about zero emissions and electricity geneeration.......cold weather degradation, etc etc. ect. Again you need a cranial exam if you are an EVer at this point.
Have you heard about the Rivian that got in a fender bender ?  Was in the national news.  Insurance figured it would cost $1600 to fix.  When the owner got the final bill it was $42,000 !  Unreal.  It's an interesting story - look it up.
Please look at the invoice there is a typo the battery is $6649.98 not $56,649.98.  The error is right on the invoice.  Embarrassing Story!
This was eye opening! The fact that EV manufacturers won’t stand by their own product by way of warranties tells me that I shouldn’t have more faith in their automobile than they do.
they are so good for the environment aren't they . They are better aren't they?  aren't they?  I feel people that buy ev's deserve it to be honest..
@15:30 - what is so surprising there? Dealerships hate EVs so of course they would go out of the their way to screw the consumers. They want to keep selling their regular good old ICE cars & then screwing customers further with engine maintenance's & oil changes
EV is a complete feel good joke.
The absolute insanity of the EV market right now blows my mind. The fact that not only can you have cars being sold and put on the road that the instant they take the slightest bit of damage they are totalled out by the insurance company, but repair costs that exceed the entire cost of the car as new for a single part. Every EV on the market right now shares this design which is that the battery is on the bottom of the car, and you are telling me that they have not factored in road debris or the undercarriage making contact with something as part of the design? Just goes to show you that the EV car segment right now is nothing more than a fad, and if it ever wants to go mainstream, more regulation needs to be placed on the production of these vehicles.
It's unfortunate that only the press involvement causes these things to be worked out. Also if insurance companies need to total cars for something so minor it is going to drive insurance rates on EVs up considerably.
EVs with battery damage are as worthless as the Canadian PM. deadly!
Get a nio swap the batteries out
A lot of people don't know at the Hyundai dealership the the mechanics get a kickback on all the parts they because I know I'm a Hyundai I only make money if I sell Hyundai parts have a nice day crooks
Same thing with a Tesla.  I wholesaled a Tesla, my buyer got it inspected, there was a small dent under the car and it affected the battery.  The repair cast was $15k.  The car was worth $20k.   EVs are ridiculous.
nah, you get what you buy, a POS. ever wonder why mechanics all reccomend a handful of vehicles (because they are void of major headaches). ANY battery pack will be worth more than the vehicle at any age, wake up and know this when you buy one. EVs are not environmental, only move the pollution to the plant that makes the battery (and mines to harvest minerals) and power plants. range anxiety among these problems, no brainer to stick with gas for now.
After hearing many horror stories about EV, I bought an ICE car. This case is just horrendous and makes no sense whatsoever!
One word.....  [ Scam ]      Do not think the dealer "really" look into what was needed.... just replace the (!@#*&!(.
Google the part number, the US list price of the battery is $37,655.18.  That is around the cost of a Tesla Model S battery when the Model S first came out (Around $20,000 US now.). A Tesla Model 3 battery replacement is $13,000-$16,000US. Hyundai is gouging.
Bullsh*t misinformation clickbait
This is what all dealerships do. They are individually owned and operated and they are in business for profit. They are not trustworthy.  Dont buy an EV. Its a failing market...
What you are saying is road clearance is far more important than the respect it’s given. Hopefully EV reviews will change and focus on what is really important. What happens to the battery if you are car crash, what are you covered by insurance. These are big questions. The media are too quick to want to be in the limelight of reviews. My first question in the buying decision on changing to EV and establish the operating cost of EV.
Perhaps if more people understand the different lithium battery chemistries they would only buy cars manufactured with proven designs - we are in an era where most people understand very little of these technologies , Failing to comprehensively evaluate the damage is negligent however the evidence suggests a driving error in my opinion
Legally and ethically Hyundai should make this right for Kyle. They're a huge company he's a regular guy, the car runs if I understand that correctly. Now the next big question is the safety. So I was going to say Kyle should (if it is safe) have the option to continue to own & drive his car. Hyundai should make this "very right" for this case and the potential many others. Could greatly affect Hyundai negatively if not. They know that but everything is about the cost /benefit for companies. This is a very strange eye opening story. Good luck Kyle.
Well this is very good publicity for the manufacturer, however does this raise concern for all EV’s . In all the reviews on EV’s the attention to safety aspects is not talked about, why?? What are the safety tests these cars have to pass, battery protection in my opinion is critical.
Dude the invoice  shows  $6649.98 is the list/retail price. The invoice shows $50000.00 add on. The battery In the USA is about $6500.00 i checked with the dealer. I am a ASE certified grand  master tech with 45 yrs. of service. The dealer is screwing him !!!
then lets just cancel Kia and Hyundai EVs then... ripoff
I just can't wait to get my EV.  The manufacturers and climate change activists say so many good things about them.
Electric car is just a joke for now until there is better technology
Hyundai EVs of the list...I actually test drove one, was considering buying it and even made a short video about the experience. I'm glad you made this video I'll be sure to do some serious research if I ever consider an EV again.
EV's are responsible for the vehicle shortage, the chip shortage, the skyrocketing car prices, higher insurance, environmental destruction  and child slave labor. I'll never own or drive one.
I doubt they can replace the battery. That's why they intentionally charged enough to total it. I don't think they're designed to be replaced. Shoulda bought a real car w a combustion engine.
They’re just ripping him off
Well that story certainly gives me pause.  The Ionique 5 was near the top of my list but now it and all EVs have dropped off my radar.  2 issues: 1. Voided warranty due to damage to flimsy battery protector plate, and, 2.  Resale value for the used car.  $60k for a replacement battery will put a lid on the resale market for EVS.  I just hit the red button.
100% by 2035 lmao
Time for IONIQ sales to tank, hyundai is desperate
Sounds like a scam to me..
Ford and Hyundai just lost 2 purchases. This comes after another video I saw of a guy that had just bought a Tesla for Uber and his battery health was already failing. I was going to buy myself an XLT f-150 lightning for work and an iconic 5 Hyundai for daily. After hearing this, just rather stick to hybrids.
EV's are great they are great for draining the wallet.
Yeah how to get screwed nothing fair about that at all
Manure, pull it apart and see actual damage
what a load of dealer Grade A bull crap we make the best BS in this country!! If the battery is impacted it would show up in the dashboard. If its charging fine it is fine. All they had to do was test for leaks or degradation as you put it could be hooked on to a computer and tested there. This is a greedy incompetent dealer not willing to do the work covered under warranty and simply sell more parts. ICBC should have pushed back too they too screwed this guy for more insurance !! lol.  Also, I think a service mechanic not a finance manager totalled this invoice the actual cost per item shows on 6K! plus labour 1.5k max should have been a 7.5k replacement under warranty. Unless your smoking BC bud a battery cannot cost 60K cmon people!!  Buy made in Canada US or Germany all this other crap is not worth the aggravation. WOW. No consumer protection nothing. This is why you need good lawyer in Canada.
F**K EVs waste of bloody money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😠😠
74 kWHr x $100/kWHr (supposedly) = $7400 USD.  Agree that we all need to get a formal written quotation for a replacement battery BEFORE buying a new car.  Maybe an opportunity for aftermarket bash plates to protect the battery "protector".
A Tesla battery replacement seems to max out at maybe 25k US dollars so this seems to be a Hyundai issue.
Cheaper to buy a new car and take the battery out of it.
stupid video
Do not buy Korean EV period. They are sucks
Love your vids but Hyundai's garbage cars and self-voiding warranties should be avoided by all consumers.
I will never buy one of these Ev, s if in 8 years the car is basically junk cause replacement of battery will cost more than its worth why waste my money
Drill baby Drill
it is our fault , worldwide , we should not buy cars anymore , and we can see results!
I would rather ride a horse.
Did anyone investigate what really happened to the car?  Was it actually scrapped/salvaged?  Sorry, I smell a rat.  So much for being better for the environment.
Yes!! You need to see how much your insurance will be and how much it will cost to repair. Always have a window pick with you, because you may not be able to open your doors or windows!!!! It can take months to repair!!!
THIS IS WHY TESLA Is eating everybody lunch. The stealership network!!....markups on parts are ridiculous. They are all scammers! Tesla service centers are not independently owner franchises, they are owned by Tesla and therefore have a vested interest "not" to scam their customers and provide the best service they can.
THIS IS A CASE OF " SCAMMER DEALERSHIPS". If you hit something on the road and it dents in your oil pan do you remove the entire engine and throw it in the garbage  and replace with a new one for $8k, or do you just simply replace the damaged part? Well guess what, these packs can be opened up and inside are individual cell modules that can be unplugged and swapped out at a fraction of the cost. The dealer should make a more through inspection of the battery to determine the extent of any damaged. Also, 2. No insurance company raises your rates by 50% for a claim unless it was an accident you caused and "at fault". Hitting a piece of debris in the road is not an at fault accident. 3. There needs to be regulations on the pricing of replacement parts. The industry is charging ridiculous markups on parts just because they can.
Wait, Jenny McCarthy works for Hyundai Canada now?
Its issue like this that put me off EV ownership. I would drive the car as normal I bet there is no issue with the battery, just the stealer ship trying to ripoff a genuine customer who bought their product
Keep all EV CRAP .....................................
They arent eco friendly if you do your research
*laughs in rolling over entire bricks at freeway speeds with 0 issues in my ICE*  But genuinely, sad story for the guy. Absolute shit situation to be in, and through no fault of his own. Hopefully Hyundai Canada can work out an amicable resolution with the owner and the dealership, and Kyle can keep on keeping on with his hip, trendy, EV. A battery replacement that costs more than the price of the vehicle (with tax, title, license, and options!) is *fucking absurd* and the service centers need to be held accountable for what they're charging their customers for a critical component of their vehicle.  Anecdotally, I broke a shift linkage on my 850RE and one shop quoted me $10525 for a new transmission. 1/5 the cost of the entire vehicle. Another shop in the area knew a guy who was able to supply them with a new linkage in exchange for the broken one for $150. Crooked dealers are an unfortunate fact of life, and it is, regrettably, up to YOU to determine when it comes time to call them out on their bullshit.
This will become the problem of all evs
Bring it to the bailer, thats the best solution
For those who think other EV manufacturers than Tesla know what they are doing. I would blame the poor choice of buyer to not buy a Tesla.
So they're telling us that taking av EV off roading is a really bad idea. Or being in an accident is even worse. Wow just wow .
What a joke I have been in the mechanical game for 35 years now, how the heck do protect under a car for road hazards it’s just a part of owning any car in any country around the world. I live in Australia so if you hit an animal or a pot hole in n the road witch is very common in this country and it dents or scratches the cover it’s a replacement battery or a write off just another reason not to buy an electric car. Don’t get me wrong here I like electric cars but I am not going to put my money into car where a battery replacement costs more than the original purchase price over what appears to be a scratch on a protective cover.
Probably an issue of scale. Hyundai is a relatively new and small bit player in the EV market making very few EVs, so the cost per vehicle for them to produce a car and produce and supply each part is enourmous if they are to break even or better.  This is a problem that has been overcome by manufacturers that have taken EV manufacturing serious and to scale for a decade now, like Tesla and some of the Chinese brands.  Tesla and the chinese are the only ones who can produce EVs at a profit, and also produce spare parts for a fraction the price of Hyundai it seems.  If you want an EV today, it is pretty foolish to consider a non Tesla.  That could change but it is looking ever so unlikely that the domestic and Japanese and Korean OEMs will ever be able to shift into EV production and risk disappearing from the face of the earth by 2035.
It was a cash grab.  The dealership saw an easy target and pounced.  Always be leery of dealerships as they don't have the client's interest at heart.  They want to squeeze every dollar out of you and take advantage of any opportunity to void your warranty.
This is like replacing your engine because the skid plate has scratches on it.
MAGA 2024!
So no one is questioning the price of the part itself? like, how can the battery itself cost more than the entire car? Windows, rims an tires, seats and interior, everything... All parts added together should get you an amount lower than those 55k since labour and shipping aren't added to it. That makes no sense... Can I go to Hyundai and order the car without a battery and get it for free?
I can’t believe this nonsense. That dealership scammed this poor young man. The cover was scratched. A hole takes priority over testing his battery. I agree with the comment about that he should get a lawyer.   Shame on Hyundai for overcharging for that part and not making this young man whole. I can’t believe they are asking him to pay for another car. I am so disgusted seeing that they did this to this young man. I own 2 Teslas and was considering a Hyundai for my next Hyundai but not after seeing this nonsense. There should be some regulators involved with this BS. You should run away from them and buy the best EV out there Tesla. A battery should not be more than $20K. If I was a multimillionaire I would buy him a car. Switch to Tesla because this would have never happened. Lesson learned don’t buy a POS only buy Tesla Model 3. For $60K you can almost buy 2 of them. Buyer Beware! Hope Hyundai executives see this and set up and make this man whole.   This is your moment. Elon give this guy a discounted or used 3 at great price. Show them why you’re number 1
Yet another reason Why electric cars suck.
Just buy an ICE car with $120 lead acid battery.
Thanks to the report I was planning to buy a Hyundai EV, but not anymore
Just like the liberal ndp coalition. Not worth the cost.
This is how you tell the difference between a pure consumer and someone with a brain.  The pure consumer is motivated by pure emotion on having the best "new" thing.  A person with a brain would have researched the pro's and con's of this new tech, the cost, and the impact of it as far as they are able to research.  I've owned a used Hybrid 2015 Honda accord and loved it.  I got 700 miles to a tank and I still miss it to this day.  I had to get rid of it before the battery fell out of warranty because I knew the cost of replacing it.  I bought the car just to experience hybrid technology.  Knowing what I know now, I would never buy a fully electric car because until the electric car can run without ever stopping for fuel, it's not feasable and just a novelty.  I would only buy hybrids and use them until the battery warranty runs out and then toss it to the used market for some other smuck to deal with.  I will continue to rely on fossil fuel cars until a real technology breakthrough comes along and effectively makes the use of fossil fuels obsolete in personal transportation.
Kyle would be crazy to consider another EV - just buy an ICE, you've had a bad experience first hand. Bro, think lol.
Send this to Steven Guilbeault, i am sure he will find a way to say it's because of the opposition....
And they are still forcing us to buy EV only by 2035. SMH 🤦
Sounds to me that the cover was not fit for purpose and has been badly designed/under engineered.  Perhaps consumer laws might apply in Canada that one could take Hyundai to court for recompense?  The owner had not mistreated the car but encountered an obstacle on the road that one might find the world over.  Unfortunately this avenue would take time and money to fight that most of us mere mortals don’t have. On another note, issues I have with Korean companies/manufacturers (cars, electronics, white goods, etc) is their rubbish aftermarket service.  For whatever reasons, their products are good but they lack in the parts and servicing/repair departments….looks like Canada is another country this holds true for. 🤔
EVs are a hoax
the quote just says "we don't want to deal with this".
dont buy an ev, problem solved..
It a scam and they buy it back for cheap and don’t have to fix anything , and resale it as used …
in other words, buy an internal combustion engine car.
Kyle, just buy a Lambo V10.  by the looks of it, you can afford it!
Somebody will get great deal on this " damaged... NOT" car :)
moral of the story! don't buy an EV.  until!... infrastructure is in place, including battery production is on par with petrol production.  I'm sure EV is the future but for now it isn't!
The dealership just see a $60,000 paycheck on a potential repair. Even IF the battery itself wasnt touched, they will say it was and since the car is in the dealership's hand, the customer will most likely not be able to look at the damages because of liabilities of customers in the shop. Especially if the dealership think they can take advantage of the customers. Customers like the elderly, females, non native english and speakers and the younger people...
That is ridiculous. This is one of the main reasons I believe EVs are not a good for the environment. Is this what the future of cars will be? Completely throw it away??
Almost like replacing the toner/cartridge for your printer.
i'll stick with my gas guzzler.
That's why you take yourself a NIO.
OMG...that's almost half as much as I lost when I divorced my wife....
Most of the US electricity comes from......a fossil fuel.....ming....ming....ming....a real winner here. Will burn more coal to power the electric cars, unless......wait......we will replace coal plants with .......batteries......impossible. nuff said.
He should get a lawyer for sure. I feel bad for Kyle
Amazing future for EV's
If the battery costs more than the entire car, then logically the rest of the car must have a negative cost. So an I get this EV without the battery, and several grand, for free?
“The way we know EV’s are another scam, similar to the solar industry”, is that our corrupt, drug addicted, inbred politicians are “SUBSIDIZING”. At least “they were”. Humans are just now catching on. 10:30
how could Kyle even afford this car at his age? 🤔
Wow that's rough, I cant imagine driving for the lifetime of the vehicle without damaging the bottom in some way
Manufacturers seems to be in a rush to put these out on the market, under the guise of reducing carbon foot print, but in reality they're manufacturing expensive disposable one-time use vehicles.  Like a really overpriced vape pen.
EV cars are like Veganism - a costly fad that will end up biting 'early adaptors' in the ass.
His "salvaged" car is already in a shipping container sailing to Africa. Mechanics/dealerships somehow love to total perfectly working cars.
Hyundai EV vs Gas replacement battery/motor ...... battery $60,000  Gas crate motor $5500 .....
Yes, a 5 year old EV is worthless. Stop buying these cars, it’s not helping anyone or anything environmentally.
Makes you wonder how much subsidization is going on if a single part costs more than the entire car and whether the entire citizenry is realizing the benefits of their tax payer dollars at work
Why wasn't there a second opinion third opinion I know a little about Evie batteries need to take it out and run a diagnosis it could be as simple as a connection it wasn't taken out and looked at this guy needs to do is get a lawyer
Just curious, how can they make money selling a car that the battery costs more than they charge for the car? I'm thinking the used market is going to suck. Yeah, I won't be getting an electric, thank you.
I'd rather vote for more cycling lanes that buy an EV
So not only do you have to contend with charging infrastructure (or lack thereof), you run a significant risk of your car getting totaled because 1) local dealers don't know how to actually diagnose, repair and certify a vehicle for the road (apart from complete replacement) 2) the parts really are just that expensive. manufacturers may choose to eat some of that cost for customer satisfaction but they don't have to.   Meanwhile insurance companies are eating it and necessarily passing the cost onto the direct customer (some portion of it) and also their entire customer base which picks up the remainder.    Seems like there is a consumer protection interest in the standardization and commoditization of EV batteries
Next time just buy a Tesla
Keep up the publicity guys. In the U.K. Ford ended up replacing out of warrantee Ecoboomed engines for free and modifying the ones that hadn't as that was cheaper than the bad publicity they were getting from a variety of media outlets.
lmao first mistake you buying it .
So one of the parts of the cars that gets damaged almost every single time you drive it is what dictates between a new $60,000 battery or no battery? Maybe they should put the battery above a tougher, easily replaceable, sacrificial cover. And batteries should be made of smaller modules so you would only need to replace the damaged ones instead of a full bank.
Hyundai can keep their cars.  This is insane.
This is not a warning to manufacturers. Manufacturers do this on purpose. The goal is, as they say, make money. Profit.
This will happen to any EV, except the #1 Tesla. Period.
All this models should be declared dangerous, not fit for the purpose, their technical approval withdrawn. By government authorities, not courts, quangos, commissions etc.And the manufacturers who endanger customer and lead them to financial ruins should pay compensation. This case is much worse then Vw saga.
So not only is your warranty voided, but you are liable for any potential future damage that may result from your battery being “damaged”.   Buying an EV is still 5-10 years out from being a no brainer decision
I found the problem. You bought a Hyundai. Nuff said
I suggest people stay away from Legacy automotive when buying electric vehicles stick with Tesla batteries are way more protected now they’re being made as structural packs and replacement cost is much more Affordable in the $15,000 range
Between your useless EV and Trudeau, your life is going down hill.
Never buy Korean cars. See the kia
Why would you pay more than the car costs. Thats a bit irish isnt it
My 2016 Tucson is drinking oil like an irishman drinks guinness, and it's due to the infamous Theta II engine manufacture fault. Hyundai's bad manufacturing has rendered my car worthless now, since I need a new engine block (labor portion = $5500 or more +tax), new CAT ($3,300+tax just for the part - prob another $500 labor)  Hyundai have agreed to supply the block...but it would cost me about $10k all-in to get the car back to it's value...that's IF they find no other issues when they fix the engine...Anyway, NEVER buy a Hyundai. The customer care is non-existent. Edit: After I contacted Hyundai Customer Relations Canada, my local dealer called me sheepishly informing me the CAT was also included with the engine supply - so it seems they may have been trying to do me dirty on that....these stealerships really sicken me. Run away from Hyundai....run very fast.
Stay away from the EVs until battery technology improves. There will be better systems in the future.  Also, just stay away from from Hyundai / KIA completely. They seem to find ways to screw people out of warranty work.
Sorry to have to say it but…. Welcome to the reality of EV !!! Amazing that this is a surprise to everyone involved 🤷🏼 Stop buying the BS.
In the U.K. insurance costs for E.V.s have rocketed presumably due to problems like this. With one of the Ford ICE cars (maybe Mondeo) Ford made a big deal of how they had worked with the insurers during the design to make repairs quicker and insurance costs lower. The insurance companies would far rather do a $10000 repair than write off the car.
thanks, I will not be buying EV in near future anymore. This story is completely bonkers.  Hyundai 5 and 6 looks veeeery nice, I wish they had same models but not electric.  PS. I thought batteries are made in sections, so why to change all of them instead of changing sections where cover damage suspected (again why no one opened it?). Imagine someone bumps into side of the car and damage lower part too, you literally forced to change whole bottom of the car which is battery. Just makes no sense.
Nice hyundai scamed person. There have been no registered cases of Ioniq 5 fires, but there are concerns about coolant leaks have to lean coolant then he can say is damaged.
Ev's are a joke
So people understand Hyundai's reaction, they are scared out of their minds that even minor battery damage could result in a fire. Maybe a fire while parked under an apartment, in a garage, etc, burning an entire complex down. Maybe killing someone. The commercial liability risk is too great to Hyundai. Not to mention reputation risk that would go to future sales. Thus voiding  warranty. And Hyundai is very happy to have another insurance company pay.
A german owner of a Hyundai iX35 FCEV was offered a fuel cell replacement for 103,764€ The fuel cell itself was quoted 84,875€  Car brand new was 78k  The cost of a tiny hybrid battery from Hyundai is roughly the same as the cost of a Tesla HV battery for one of their long range cars. This is crazy...
EV is dead don't be fooled into getting one
EVs are becoming disposable cars fast due to this ridiculous battery cost.  You drive them until the battery warranty runs out and get rid of them ASAP.  If the battery does fail out of warranty,  the car goes to the junkyard and you have lost the trade-in value as well.   Not worth it just to "save the planet" and please the climate koo-koos.   You are going to see Teslas for sale for a dollar.
evs are the scam of the century
if the cars work fine, just drive it.
EV's are still not the best buy for most people. From repair costs, to insurance, to parts, it's just plain expensive. You also have to have a place to charge it. What if you live in an apartments without a place to plug in? These vehicles are almost exclusively for people with homes, and lots of expendable income. It's a money trap. Don't do it.
Tesla battery replacements to start between $20,000 and $35,000. Why does Hyundai cost $60000?
How can you both have over 300k subscribers,  when you make such ignorant comments?  The lady can't believe the price of the battery...really?  That is the key & most expensive component of an electric car...you two best learn all the facts & provide them to your subscribers...laughable...but it's Canada...and not really surprised...
This is NOT the true cost of this battery. It's marked up BY THE DEALER. This battery has an MSRP of $37,650.
Hyundai, you owe Kyle a new car — no charge!  The damage this press far exceeds the price of a new car.  Also, Kyle can refund the insurance money so his premium does not increase.   Hyundai, do the right thing! 0:05
battery is a very bad idea. Expensive, heavy, big and with lifespan! Your battery is useless after 10 years and you need to buy all brand new. We need Hydrogen cars.
hyundai probably has the most asburd service centers, they act like they're a watch brand in there. I asked how much an inspection would be and they wouldn't even answer me properly the first time. They wanted $300. Just an inspection! It's ridiculous.
The answer is very straightforward in my eyes - stick with ICE vehicles for the time being until this kind of issue is no longer a problem!
Yup, and ev batteries are fragile! Why I will never buy an EV. And if they are mandated, I am moving.
Not interested in an electric car. They might suit the odd, generally wealthy short distance driver though.
China ev car cherry warranty lifetime for battery
Very nice review discussing
If you get T-boned; is it going to explode into unquenchable fire in a multi-car perhaps? How many are going to dire because of fires  that cannot be put out. Do You want to sit n top of a battery grenade with your family?
Price gaugeing that's bull crap
Then buy another car, sell battery and use the profit to buy again.
No EV's for me. Thank you very much. I'll just keep my Integra!
a good example of corrupted dealer system. and what a waste of natural resources!!.
It sounds to me that the protection shield failed, in that virtually any impact to the shield does not in fact protect the battery. That’s a warranty claim.
p.s.s.  how was a kid able to buy a $60k car?
p.s no way did the car company pay that much for the battery.  whats the markup?  54440%
$60,000 would by a shitload of gas.😂
That’s what you get for buying an electric car 😂
And that’s why I’ll stick to gasoline cars. The markup on that battery must be insane.
Obviously you would never replace that battery you would just go buy a different car lol
I’m feeling mislead by your video. You took the customer’s word for what happened. It seems  he was driving at an unsafe speed on his way up to  a ski area and probably hit a a snow bank really hard and caused enough damage to make the battery cooling system  leak. Then he kept driving until it was obvious he damaged the battery pack. The leaking cooling system was verified by the dealership.
I think I’ll hold on to my 22 y.o. Golf mk4 1.6 for another 20 years or so.  Much better for the environment and for my pocket
HA ha  so things cant hit the bottom of the car.   Every car has somthing hit the bottom.  At my local arbys, the exit is a a crazy angle and hill.  The bottom of my car hits every time I drive out of that place.  p.s. I have a tesla.
Smells fishy to me,  I suspect the car will be back on the market with a new battery cover plate and will bring in a tidy profit to who ever resells it.
Thank you for this video.  This helps me to think about EV as I am thinking of buying one.
Good anti-EV story but this is why you don't buy a shitty EV from a shitty company. There's a reason why Tesla sells more than all other EVs combined in North America.
Driving Petroleum til 2050 Glory to Russia 🇷🇺
Driving Petroleum until 2050
i own a model 3lr my next vehicle will not be electric probably a camry or something
Dont bye this toy cars. Sorry 4 kyle
If the battery is more than the car, that makes nearly every BEV totaled when you drive it off the lot. Plus, just like phones, you'll have to replace that battery in a few years as it loses range. This is what turns me off of EVs in general: they won't last.  I can't imagine replacing my gas tank every 5-10 years on my ICE vehicle. Let's say that was the case tho, it would be way cheaper to replace a plastic/metal tank than a hugh jass battery.  It's looking like if you notice something that voids warranty, it'd be better to light up the car and claim it spontaneously combusted rather than take the L on a whole vehicle. Please don't do this since insurance companies may decide not to cover this if too many burnt up cars start getting claimed
Just say no to EVs🤷🏿‍♂️.
What a crazy stupid situation. This sort of nonsense makes you not want to buy an EV.  Perhaps dealerships will start selling battery insurance
Surprise, not.
wow, I will just hold on a litle now, before move to ev
I just cant believe wats happening, because battery prices are around 100 dollar {USD} now.  So his - lets say - 50kwh battery should cost no more than 5.000 USD.  This is excluding the assembly and exchange the battery and may be even more important: the old battery is also very valuable.   So a realistic price should be between 5.000 and 7.500 for a new battery.  Not more, not much less also.  Its a shame for EV companies to charger more than the costs of a hole new car.
EVs are still a scam in 2023 !
SO you didn't realize that before you bought. Tough being an uninformed consumer.
You said the Labour wasn’t that much. Changing the car’s battery is $2K, including vat. Does it take 12 hours 😂
When you damage the battery a 1 year battery yeah you need to replace it Jesus these 2 are stupid
I use about 20 euros a week in my car, over 8 years that's 7,680.00 as aposed to 60 grand 😂
1st mistake was to buy a Hyundai EV...
So this is just a matter of the dealership not understanding EV's and people making videos
So he didn't hit anything but he thought he did to the point of actually taking it to the dealership and saying I think I hit something can you check it out?...😂 it sounds like he got what he was asking for
We need legislation that by law we have right of repair. If any maker of vehicles prevents right of repair then these makers should be denied rights to sell. This plague came from EU. Makes car owners more like licensed users of vehicles. Battery is fixable element. This story is a scam. Guy was easily played.
Dude, it's a typo They clearly added a 5 in front of the 6649.98.
Hyundai is not ready for EV life yet. Only Tesla is making money off of this industry, the rest of them will start making money 5 to 10 years later, so they have absurd outcomes for this kind of situations.
I saved $56,500 on my new battery by driving an Internal Combustion Engine car.😁
Thanks for posting this. We'll stick with our good old Prius for the foreseeable future. After almost 20 years, our son replaced HIS Prius battery for $1200. That's reasonable.  A footnote is that 1.5 million viewers and counting will NOT be buying Hyundai EV's.
If a small road hazard can cause your car to explode I sure as hell am not putting me or my family in it. Since when does a dealership assign liability or consequential damages for a product they sell?  This keeps up and the kid will have a valid suit against Canadian DOT for the trash in the road.  Do people STILL believe they’re emitting less carbon with EVs?  Those same folks are waiting to catch the grinch on Christmas too.  Take away the public money (subsidies) & BS legislation, and let the EV industry survive on its own… it’s obvious how that will shake out.
And in the end, Kyle is the one that gets screwed.
The battery doesn't cost 60k, only the anti EV people say that. They also don't tell you that by law there is a 8 year warranty on the battery, well after most people any keep cars. So don't focus on the battery costs because you will never need to replace it anyway.
If batteries cost more than what the cars are worth who else has over paid for a cheap tesla 😅
That Hyundai for y'all, Just wait for Toyota's Next Gen EVs, or Honda's eArchitechture or Tesla 💪🏽
Now ask yourselves what they do with the old dead lithium batteries..... and GOD knows how many other lethal chemicals. Landfill!!! Good for our earth? I think NOT!
EV market is just not ready at all and probably won't be for many years. Stories like this basically solidify peoples basic logic that normal ICE cars are here to stay for a long time because they've become reliable over decades of development and improvements. EV's are far too new, far too costly and environmentally damaging to make that many just simply are too blind to realize. The charging infrastructure, and insurance cost alone are huge factors as well, not just the warranty. It's funny, I look at BMW for example taking regular ICE cars and taking engine out and replacing it with batteries while leaving the same car with fake exhaust tips. That's how desperate companies are to milk the customers. As in everything, take it with a grain of salt. Your experience may vary.
I have a 2018 Honda Pilot AWD, I changed my rear differential fluid and used the wrong viscosity as Honda is really picky when it comes to that. So the AWD light came on, the dealership said that I had to replace a whole rear ensemble axle and would cost me 8k for part. I told them to leave it alone and I’d pick it up and refused service. They threatened me that the car would explode at any given time and put me on a warning file to all the dealerships nationwide. I took the car home, flushed all the old fluid, which had like 30 miles on it, reset the light. 45k miles later, i’m still waiting for my rear differential to explode, still waiting patiently!!!
A battery should cost no more than a couple thousand dollars. This is the kind of thing that will drive people away from EVs.
Buy a used Honda civic
Buy a used Honda civic
I'm in process of choosing an EV car. Good to know Hyunda iis playing that way...
Good heavens thats insane, Tesla charges anywhere from 7k to 20k depending on the damage and model of the car and its batteries. 60k thats fuckin ridiculous.
Electric cars are a colossal scam.  Literally in every way.
Is there a problem with the car? I don’t understand why they’re trying to replace the battery just for a scratched cover
stick with hybrid,  much mature technology, cheaper battery, more environment friendly,  unfortunately no tax  credit.
No trade in value after 8 years. Battery more than likely dead after 10. There’s no value in EV’s. Pipe dreams
EV’s are great!!! 😂😂😂
Yep .... don't buy a EV !
Only in heaven will there be honest people … on this earth, scams, scams and scams
Rube
Don’t whine about EV prices. You knew this was going to happen.
I live in lower mainland bought a kia sportage phev got a engine light for battery management system and hybrid system dealership told me they have contacted kia Canada lets see what happens with my case. I have no damage on the car just engine light after charging my vehicle its only driven for 8000 km.
Don’t buy these ev car crap. It’s going to be like gaming just wait 5km dlc and 300 dollars one month battery life!
IF U CAN READ. RUN FROM THIS VIDEO AS FAST AS YOU CAN.
sounds like some crooked dealers to me
THE INVOICE SAYS 6649.98 net. Then next to it in the amount column is 56,649.98. WHERE DID THE EXTRA $50,000 COME FROM.  THIS WHOLE VIDEO IS ABOUT A NEFARIOUS TYPO NOBODY CAUGHT?!??!!??!?
My question would be why does the battery cost more than the car? Is the rest of the car worthless?
This is why my next car will still be an ICE. This keeps up and electric car will fail outright. All the people virtue signaling about saving the planet by switching to EVs... lol
If you still can't see the push to go all "EV" in a couple of decades is a bad idea. Then pay for the 60,000 batteries. All in the name of "sustainablity"🤪 what a bunch of crap.😎👍🇺🇸
Hahaha!  Biggest joke.  I think Hyundai has a bridge to sell you, too. "It's a trendy car" "Save you from fuel cost"  HAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAAHH The owner got exactly what he asked for!
60K for a battery? Electric cars are a scam under the guise of protecting the planet. Part of their own nothing and are happy about it culture.
Never buy an electric  car, let those cars sit there and rot!
Kyle should’ve consulted with Rich Rebuilds.
Yeah Kyle is definitely an electric car guy.
Anything to void the warranty
Hyundai should have added a steel skid plate on the battery 😂
That is why I wound never considered to buy electric vehicles !
People need to start thinking of the carbon front print of these cars having at least two or three batteries. Cradle grave these cars will have a huge carbon footprint. On top of that he’s really lucky that the car didn’t catch on fire.
No proper inspection at the Stealership, shame on them. Just passing the buck, typical.  Go EV 😂
How green of them😂😅
imagine replacing your 55k car every time it scratches
Stop buying overpriced electric garbage.
Am not understanding something? The list and net price of the battery is 6649.98, where did the 56649.98 come from? It looks like a typo!
Well, EVs are nice... to look at or drive. But as far as the maintenance is concerned it is a potential nightmare.which may turn into a real nightmare very easily. Hyundai is not the only one majority of nowadays EVs are designed to be scraped in case of anything happens around the battery hence the bettery replacement procedure is so high. I have always thought that EVs are a dead end and here is just another confirmation (a[art from the range, charging time, purchase cost ,etc.). They are very nice to drive but so are the hydrogen cars which in the contrary to the EVs  And hydrogen cars are a natural replacement for ICE cars...
Absolutely ridiculous......scratches on the battery cover and the battery has been impacted . Absolute BS......complete scam rip off......Never will i buy an ev of any type...they are pure junk.
Just wait till the Tesla’s batteries start to go bad
Stay with PETROL Cars !😎👊👊
The body shop needs a new invoice template if they're going to work on EV's.  Not enough space to show the cost of common EV parts.
shouldn't the consumer file an insurance claim because he hit something? then the insurance will either fix it, or give him a check. running into something on the highway isn't a warranty issue, but it is an accident, so should be insurable.  granted, if there are a lot of write-offs for EVs because of battery prices, well, they should expect to see higher insurance costs.  additionally, a nit to pick with the authors of this video, but his warranty is not void, any claim he might have made against the battery may be denied, but the warranty is not void. you perpetuate a bad precedent by conveying that message.
Years ago I hit a large patch of black ice on a corner. I went off the road and ended up with the car sitting on it's floor pan, and both front wheels dangling over the edge of a ditch (Luckily not far enough that it was in danger of toppling in). A passing driver stopped and towed my car back onto the road, and after putting the spare wheel on I drove it home.  Next day I had a look at it in daylight and couldn't see anything too bad, mostly just the shattered bumper, and large patches of underseal scraped off the floor, but when I took it out for a test drive I felt it was ever so slightly more sluggish than it had been before. It wasn't drastic, and I couldn't really tell if I was imagining it, but it just felt a little slower getting up to the speed limit. Turns out that I'd put a small dent along the leading edge of the floor pan, and that was in just the right place to stop the throttle (Gas) pedal from being able to go it's last 1/2" of travel. once I realised this I pulled out the carpet and "Precisely massaged" the metalwork back into shape using a scrap piece of wooden fence post and a sledgehammer......... Good as new ! :D  Anyway, Here in the UK, hitting ice and sliding off the road is SUCH a common type of accident to happen during bad winters that it makes me wonder if EV manufacturers should be legally obliged to prove that their cars have adequate battery protection in place when they get them type approved? Maybe they need to also have a "Road debris and bottoming out" battery impact test while they're having all the other crash safety tests done?  It's REALLY not acceptable to have such an expensive, damage intolerant, and potentially dangerous part of a car just bolted to an area where it can so easily take a knock............ And yes, before anyone says it, I know ICE cars have fuel tanks equally exposed, but the difference is that the average fuel tank (Not counting the ridiculously designed "Ford Pinto) can get pretty horrendously mangled before it poses any kind of safety risk, it's a smaller target to get damaged, and if it IS compromised it's usually pretty obvious. Where as the battery shown here had what most would consider a cosmetic "Ding", but was still deemed too dangerous to be on the road.
6:38 List and net price of the battery is 6649.98, while total is exactly 50,000 more.  Almost looks like somebody just added another 50k to the price.  I would ask about that, and demand they take the cover off to see the damage.  The wider gap story sounds like bs. I would ask for a copy of the clause from the car manual to confirm their story.
whoever bought this car at the auction got a score
Thank you Guys so so so much for this kind of information. I will never buy Electric car in coming 20 years.
Easy to spot the mistake made, buying an electric car was it from the get go. If you were driving an internal combustion engine  you wouldn't be getting screwed like this.
Doesn’t surprise me Hyundai has pulled all kinds of tricks even on their own employees denying warranty work on a motor that blew on a brand new less than 500 mile motor lol
YEAH... I'll stick with my carbon footprint thank you! I love my GAS powered vehicles!!! Love em, love em, love em!
Bad advertisement for Ev segment but specially for Koreans I.e Kia and Hyundai.  Is hybrid the best choice right now ? Should one wait few more years and see what happens ???
the battery is the car, it has a tiny electric motor compared to the combustion engine. minus all the extra material like, fuel tanks, fuel injectors, exhausts, transmission etc....
Take your tax credit and run like the chickens you are!!!!
ICE ftw
There's no justification for a battery to cost more than the car itself.  Where is Consumer Protection BC?  Isn't this part of your mandate?
If you were gullible enough to buy an ev thinking it was a real car that's on you. This was all so obvious.. EVs do nothing to save the environment.
madness come on hyndai get your ackt together |||
This is why you’re not gonna catch me in an EV. Also, it does not lower your “carbon footprint” or save you money on gas. If you really care about those things then you’d be buying a used civic.
Battery cars = bad cars
First of all a rear wheel drive  electric car is an extremely bad choice in cars.
If they can sell the car for $55,000 how can the battery alone be $60,000? Greed
If they really gave a shat, not the people in the vid here lol, we would have bullet trains that connected everywhere through land air and sea able to go 3k mph riding on a pocket of air powered by magnets. Oil, lithium, carbon emissions, and yes even dating issues would be a thing of the past. Shout out to all the scientists of the Venus project.
My advice just go with toyota hybrid period
The biggest question is, if the battery is "worth" 60k, how can the whole car new cost LESS then 60k? As usual there is a markup, the question is how high is that. Probably stupidly high.
The cost of battery replacement on a used car will knock the bottom out of the used car market.
This isnt like its something unheard of, batteries die and get damaged, how many of us have had crap batteries in powertools etc. I love it how people who are sucked into the EV ecosystem and havent thought about this stuff. You just get greenwashed and believe the stupid hype.   Hyundai are covering their ass and I Do not blame them at alll, and their service centers arent fortune tellers, if it potentially damaged, get rid of it.  These cars are ticking timebombs, if those cells get even slightly damaged they will go up violently in flames and cannot be extinguished. You dont accidentally damage something that badly by avoiding something, id say the idiot jumped a kerb or drove over something but either way, a ic car wouldnt have had those problems. Buy a toyota not a crappy hyundai.  and who cares about insurance, pur it in your wifes name for fk sake. Its cheaper for me to insure my car in australia with my wife whos got about 5 years of experience vs me with 15 years of on road various vehicle operational experience.
dont buy stupid ev cars
Can't for the life of me figure out why I buy cars that are from 2000 or older for $500-$1000, drop $1500-$2000 into completely fixing them up, maybe another $2000 in extras to make it nice  if it's a car for my wife (new stereo, heated seats, upgraded conveniences etc), and then go about my day with a "like new" vehicle for sub $4000 - $4500, all the while being MUCH, MUCH more green than ANYONE who buys a new vehicle, electric or otherwise. The most environmentally friendly thing you can do for the planet is to buy a vehicle that has already been manufactured, then drive it until it no longer can be driven. It takes NOTHING to manufacture my vehicles, and very limited resources to keep them on the road. As an aside, if you keep them running well, they pollute FAR less during their lifetime than the amount of pollution that goes into making a single electric vehicle. The EV market is a scam.
For quite some time, the IONIQ 5 (or a future model from the line) has been top of the list for our next vehicle, when the time comes to replace our current daily driver for our family.  After seeing this video, we'll not only be avoiding the IONIQ line but Hyundai altogether.  If your dealers aren't being vetted or trained better, it's insane to expect consumers to pick up the slack -- or even know that they have to.
Yep..... I will never own a EV
LOL.........that's what you get for buying an EV.
Hyundai and Kia are known for cutting corners. That’s why the whole Kia Boys stealing of Kia’s and Hyundais happened, because those brands didn’t put the right parts in the car to prevent certain things from happening. So maybe the battery protection covers are another example of how they cut corners. Maybe other brands can just repair the covers but Hyundai devised a stupid system where the cover is part of the battery and everything has to be replaced if anything happens 🤷‍♂️
Don't buy new cars
Hyundai is a garbage brand and so far nothing came even close to convincing me otherwise. Also, as much as I want my next car to be an EV, stories like this show the tech is far from ready for mass adoption.
And people said Tesla is expensive to repair 😅
clearly the dumb dealer doesnt want to deal with it and found some bogus reason to tell you to go away. find another. they dont want to do it
What I noticed if insurance involved they try to inlate cost as much as possible But even so price of battery higher then car itself 🤦🤦🤦
Nice one Hyundai, 1.5 million views on just this video, after you attempt to scam your customers.
why do people take these quotes as real....theyre not. its a price to get you to go away or fraud.
Yet another reason to not buy an EV
Dealerships taking advantage of electric repairs knowing that they can. Better off to buy gas vehicles until better laws for electric vehicles are in place so customers don't get scammed.
I am surprised that people are still surprised by this. EV is a death trap already and any tiny damage to the battery can cause a fatal death within like 5 secs, resulting in a neverending fire.
Seems to me they’re taking advantage of the IQ level of EV drivers.
Another nail in the coffin for electric cars.
So, he brushed something…did he get a check engine light? Did it go into limp mode??  Also, dealerships are trash!! 🗑️
Battery are for flashlight ..cars need power for engine that are reliable
There is no EV out there that is more cost efficiant or more economic then a ICE car out there.
After having my phone battery die while skiing despite all my best efforts to keep it warm this is why i dont want evs
Problem one, Canadian, problem two EV are engineer nightmares stick to teslas
I just bought a 2024 ICE vehicle. I'm staying away from EV's.
This is why you never go EV. Battery replacement = Vehicle TL. Please enough with “emissions” and “carbon footprint” when referring to EVs it’s all an off set and nothing more 😂
Thank goodness I'm poor AF and can only  afford to drive used gasoline vehicles
Hyundai/Kia can’t keep engines running in cars or batteries to power electric motors 😂
If you look at the invoice starting at 6:40, the cost of the battery was $6649...
That's why I don't recommend Hyundai cars to anyone.. Hyundai and Kia are nothing but cheaters, they are cheating in India and from your video they are cheating here too
DO NOT BUY NEW VEHICLES.  DO NOT BUY NEW VEHICLES.  DO NOT BUY NEW VEHICLES.
I'm calling Po and Them to Find me  some batteries from somewhere. If you Know then You Know.😂
Imagine buying into the EV scam.. hope the buyer learned his lesson to buy a real car instead.
As an EV/Hybrid Technician all battery technology in any sort of transit aside from motorcycle or smaller is not a viable long-term solution. Diesel hybrids hydrogen hybrids are the way to go. More reliable in all conditions and further distance is traveled with less maintenance.
Where’s rich rebuilds? Once again the little guy gets screwed
EVs are Disposable cars. Enjoy
Yeah... Buy electric, they said. it's the future, they said. It will be better, they said. 😂
This is an EV right???? hahahahaha I LOVE it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm all for the environment, but Hyundai seemed like the only trustworthy EV maker, and now I don't even know. I guess hybrids until Toyota and Honda make EVs and then iron out the kinks in the distant future.
So he may have ran over something small that hit the underside of the car. The battery shielding was scratched and warped a little. Supposedly the battery was damaged too.  How is that not a manufacturer fault? The battery shielding failed. How can they void the warranty and refuse to fix it?  I'd be getting myself a lawyer and getting my money back, because there's no way I'd want to be a customer of theirs after they pulled that bullshit, even if the court forced them to fix it.
Buy a Tesla if you want EV.
Scammers  best to buy a Car with gas if This is going to be a Big problem 😮
If Kyle is still trying to determine if he wants to buy another EV then Kyle is not a victim.   He is part of this problem.
False information about all brands have this problem with replacing battery cost, Get a Tesla!
Clearly, EVs are not ready for prime time. If a scratch on a battery protection cover writes off the vehicle, something is very wrong. You're worried about the environmental impact of vehicles to justify this transition to EVs, and then write off a new vehicle because of a scratch to a protection shield? You've just doubled the environmental impact! Honestly, this sounds like a joke. The transition to EVs needs to be put on hold until battery technology is vastly improved to eliminate these issues. Also needing vast improvement before EVs can be taken seriously as personal transportation are battery recharging times and recharging infrastructure.
Buying a smart car wasn't so smart, was it?
Think about it, anything that you own that runs on batteries is utter crap
The shape and connectors of these batteries need to be standardized, if EVs are to be the solution to climate change. Having to buy a new car every time you need a new battery is not environmentally friendly, and financially, it's insane.
What is the point of the Protection cover if it voids the warranty by getting simple scratches there's no heavy denting there's no proof that there's even any damage to the battery if the component that is there to protect the battery getting scratched voids the warranty why have it there
No different than an engine in a high end German vehicle.
$60,000 is like $.15 American, right?
Buys delicate car, gets upset when it gets damaged. Couldn't be me.
They’ll this mofo to buy gasoline car😂😂😂😂
🏔🥫
The moment he decided to get an ev that wasn’t a Tesla, he had already messed up.    Only solution now was to drive it anyway.  Thus your driving records stays clean.  I promise you, there is nothing wrong with that battery.
This is not an indictment of EVs.  This is an indictment of Hyundai.  Their cars are junk.  Avoid!
I work for Mitchell and they are the exclusive processor for ICBC and their body shops claims. I found kai-yu and his claim. Remarks from ICBC is the following quote unquote "ICBC not responsible for normal wear and tear" smh. Kai yu received 59,185 CAD.. ... Stay away from electric folks
The economics and physics do no support this EV push. EVs are for rich dumb liberals with no brains.
Yeah I'll be buy a new combustion vehicle before 2030 😂
EVs are a scam. Never buy one.
It makes me mad that these stories don't make the main news channels!!!! The EV would die if the public would hear this!!!
As an engineer i can say these batteries are not designed to be serviced or repaired. That's why the cost is so high. It is a design decision all the ev designers are making.   If they design a modular servicable standard battery in a user serviceable enclosure, cost will be cheap
I have never heard of this before, but I work in IT and I am not surprised. If you ever look at the warranties on computers, the extended warranties from big brands such as Lenovo and Dell, they do not cover batteries because they are usually the first thing to go. (Apple is worse, but not the point) If a laptop is well cared for, usually, the battery is the first thing to go and there are defiantly bad batches of batteries where certain models of laptop will all have their batteries fail/expand years before they should.  Another issue with this is buttery production. At least for computers, batteries are usually only produced when the computer is made. So if you ever need to replace the battery, it's probably a surplus battery from the original production meaning the battery is already years old when you go to replace it. I hope that's not true for cars, but I had not thought about it until now.  This also has me worried about some of the other issues we see with computers/warranties/bad software updates in IT which could become more relevant to cars. I know I see some of that with Tesla and BMW now.
Now, imagine how far ahead of the US, and Chinese ev market that NIO is right now.
Tesla Model Y Performance  battery replacement cost : $12,000  FYI
Writing off a car so easily = High Carbon footprint.
It is Canada.  It is possible only one or two modules are defective. I am not an EV fan but in the US that repair is about $6,000 to $10,000.  Important question buyers aren't asking.  Who is responsible?  Hyundai Ioniq 5's high-voltage batteries are covered by a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty that protects against degradation of more than 30%. The warranty also guarantees at least 70% battery capacity retention. Don't believe everything you see on YouTube.
Thats why i just go with Tesla i dont trust these other auto manufacturers
The final nail in the EV coffin ⚰️
I didn't hear anything  about  the cover being removed  to see if the cover is touching the battery .  As a person that tends to keep car for a long time   I'm wondering  when the  cost will be . Hopefully  there will be some sort of refurbished  battery  program   and maybe  the cost will be in line with the cost of  an engine or transmission
Insurance should cover the batteries if EVs are the future. At that amount, the car should be totaled
Just to confirm NEVER buy A Hyundai EVER
If a protective cover getting damaged means the battery is damaged, then it’s not a “protective” cover now is it? It’s just another part needing replacement.
Red flag after red flag. EVs at their current state are not a reasonable option. Get yourself an efficient combustion engine vehicle even a hybrid might be better.
Evs it’s not the way to go
Anyone actually researching before buying would have known this ahead of time. Batteries are NOT so green, economically logical/viable and perfect as the media hype claims them to be. EV themselves are great… batteries, not so much. Do not just believe everything you’re told. EVs are also NOT net zero, or emission free. The emissions just exist at another stage of the energy usage/transfer process.
His biggest mistake was trusting a dealer….
The lower class is going to be pushed out from being able to afford cars. This EV movement is insanity
This video is going to be wake up call for any EV owners. EV is a scam.
But what was wrong with the car? Was it not holding a charge? I don’t understand why he brought it in to be looked at.
The dealer will lie to you about the battety replacement cost. Thanks for this video, this just buried the EV industry
Yeah, I’m going to only be supporting ICEs in my lifetime regardless of what laws they think they’re going to implement.  I’m also pissed at the people who are buying EVs, because it will end-up driving everyone else’s insurance premiums up.  Also, ICBC needs to go. End of story. We need much less government-control in this country.
Hmmm, I was considering buying an EV, I'd even taken one of for a test drive, liked the car, but glad that a buddy brought this to my attention, if I do buy an EV it won't be from Hyundai now !!!
lesson here buy Toyota.... 10 year hybrid battery warranty
Scam, dont buy EV's
They simply dont want to replace the battery on theire own budget so they throw everything on the customer.
I hear and read too many of these stories.  I would never buy an EV at this point.  The carbon footprint thing is a myth.  If the cost of the battery is more than the value of the car, it makes no economic sense .  I got 22 years out of my last Corolla.  You’re never going to get that from an EV.
Same thing happens with petrol powered vehicles all the times..  here in australia there is the famous story of the guy who bought a new jeep that had all sorts of problems and they wouldnt honour the warranty just because he put a llft kit and slightly bigger wheels on it... (like most people do)     he spent years telling everyone about it and ended up demolishing the vehicle to get publicity. Was even on the local news.   He would have cost jeep millions in bad publicity.      Its not just EVS that have bad warrantys.  Load of petrol cars have HEAPS of problems.      I will still be buying an EV soon. Because i spend $10,000 a year in fuel and my savings will be enormous and will pay for the car in 7 years.  But im getting a mitsubishi.    I cant understand why so many people hate EV.
Looking at the invoice, it says the battery is $6k. Anyway, probably why it's so expensive is that they don't make that battery anymore or stock it and have to "build" one. Ford is notorious for this. What needs to happen is that EV batteries need to be regulated, as in only 1 or 2 battery models are made that will be used in all EVs. Also, what the owner should have done is to charge it, if it held a charge, there is no reason to take it to a shop, and continue to drive it.
This story is BS.  There are three possible parts of this story that aren't told.   1) the Driver is lying to avoid responsibility for their own idiocy and the damage is much more than he suggests.  2) the Dealer is being shady  3) the Manufacturer has a significant design flaw (by accident or intent) that may require regulations to ensure that it is not in future models.   None of these outcomes is Electric Cars aren't sustainable.  The Owner would have had to bottom the car out HARD to do enough damage to need a battery replacement... to the point that it wasn't a few scratches and damage to the battery was done. That is significant damage and that means the guy just doesn't want to take responsibility for it. It be like bottoming out a car to the point the entire exhaust and fuel tank was damaged. If that is the case this person is literally trying to cover up their own negligence and blaming EV's for them being an idiot.   The Alternative is the plate is damaged but the battery is fine. The plate should be able to be replaced without replacing the whole battery. This means one of two things. Either the manufactures are taking short cuts to repairability or the dealership is screwing over the customer because they don't want to do the work and are trying to over charge.   The two possibilities means that more work needs to be done to deal with bad dealers and regulation of battery covers is needed to ensure they are replaceable without replacing the whole battery. This would be a situation where a manufacturer screwed up the design. It has nothing to do with sustainability or a failure of Electric cars as a whole. This is the same BS that Farmers deal with where they have to pay a technician to come out to fix a tractor rather than doing it themselves.
This is not only an issue with the battery replacement pricing but also the warranty system.  Something striking the bottom of the car and leaving a scratch, should not void warranty... Thats why you have those cover plates on the bottom of a car in the 1st place! because this is a common occurance!
60k Canadian is roughly 45k US. They could have stated that while rambling on about converting to US dollars.
In 2019 i bought a 2003 toyota solara for $1100.  Ive been using it as a daily driver an all ive done to it is oil changes and brake pads.  Have a blessed day
Every ev is like this. They are trying to make having a car a luxury so middle class and lower class people can't afford them.
Avoid buying a commie electric car.
Just a rip off
How do they have name brand dealerships selling vehicles that their auto repair shop hasn’t been trained to work on🤦‍♂️
I’ve heard manufacturers aren’t at this stage making money from EVs. Not until manufacturing ramps up when EVs become much more popular. To me that makes sense that the battery is so expensive, factoring in shipping a 1 ton battery as well.
Hyundai garages are very sus, one wanted. 6000 to replace a Tucson engine the other garage did it for free on a recall notice, what gives 😮
Kia boys, insane battery cost, exploding panoramic roofs. Don’t buy kia/hyundai
🐂💩‼️ this is why EV’s are not good for earth or your pocket, what should have happened is pull the protection panel and verified battery was actually damaged, cells could have been checked for integrity, it’s all corrupt to benefit big business not the consumer
Canada...yikes...went there many years ago.....and ran as fast as I could back to the homeland...
"In latest recall, Hyundai and Kia ask owners of 3.3 million vehicles to park outside due to risk of fire" this was in the news recently. Audi has double down on their EV production. Tesla is constantly having product recalls.
way i see this is if the manufactres put the battery at the underside of the car with a pice of plasic to protect it and a hole for unknow reason and the cover get hit by a rock from roadway and its cost $60,000 or more then it should be the factory and/or dealership that foot the bill cause what they expect going happen when you drive? Do they think everything going have that brand new paint on it even if it 1 day old or 100 years old? The answer to that is no it wont and as for the car be writen off cause of some scraches and paint damage is nothing but a scam cause that kind of damage happen all time and you dont see every car gettin writen off for junk cause of it.
Shouldn’t the battery costs and pricing be known BEFORE you sell the vehicle?
I'm currently looking to buy the Kia EV9 but after seeing this, I don't know. $60,000 just to replace the battery. EV9 or Telluride?
Now you see the hypocrisy of the talk about carbon footprint, clean emissions, and all the other BS.
typical Hyundai/KIA dealership experience. worst dealer network on the planet has kept me out of two potential purchases over the last decade.
STOP saying you are saving money on gas, saving the planet or anything else when buying an EV. You are just a rich asshole whole can drop the money on an EV.  Initial purchase cost of an EV comparing to an ICE will cancel any fuel savings for the next 8 years. Initial polution for building a battery is equivanlent to 8 years of driving an ICE car.  You are NOT saving anything.  In case of even minor damage, nobody will touch your car due to high fire risk. No one can be sure that your battery pack is not damaged. No one wants to be responsable for that. It is easier for any repair shop to just replace the battery with a new one. Batteries cannot be fixed, only replaced, and you need highly trained techs to do the job.  Again, you are not doing any favors to the planet or to yourself by buying an EV. This is just what the gouvernment is pushing for.  We have no infrastructure, no recycling programs and no real replacements for the Li-Ion batteries !
This is one reason why I won't buy an electric car.
Having to scrap a perfectly working 1 year old 2 tons car full of electronics, rare earths and rare metals, because of a scratch.  This seems really sustainable for the environment... What a joke.
That is a classic scam auto repair. 😂😂😂
Thanks for that well produced video, my wife and I are currently looking at new car options to replace our old Mitsubishi Outlander, and the Ioniq 5 was our top choice and that's how I found this video (we were doing some research and watching reviews and opinions).  While I understand that stuff happens, road debris and hazards should absolutely NOT void any warranty (but rather repairs be done outside of the warranty), and 1 part shouldn't cost MORE than the whole car (this is the whole premise of rights to repair BTW, it should be cheaper to repair something rather than buying a new one).  This whole situation is utterly ridiculous. In the end, we'll probably go back to Mitsubishi and get a PHEV Outlander as it was our 2nd choice. Hybrid cars batteries are smaller, so the cost of replacement will always be cheaper, and 3rd party companies are also selling replacements, so you can still change the battery if you don't go to the dealer after the warranty is over.
This is why automakers love EVs... forced replacements much sooner than gas cars.  Also, EVs have a larger carbon footprint over the life of a driver.  EVs are not the great green savior, but accelerating the end of the environment.
Gas powered autos will never be replaced by battery powered autos. What landfill will all the damaged and no longer able to perform batteries be stacking up in so we do not have to live near them once they start leaking.  I did hear that the Canadian government contacted the auto’s owner and told him he could get a 10% discount on the purchase of the new battery (labor not included in discount) if he promises to get the next vaccine and 1 follow up vaccine for the next pandemic they are working on right now, soon to be released before the American 2024 Presidential election.
I think I will wait a decade or so to get an EV.
E cars are satan  Ppl will learn
"He thought he avoided it so carried on, but had it checked out when he got back". Nah man. He hit something, and knew he hit something. No one goes to a dealer for a health check after a near miss. And clearly you'd feel an impact that leaves that damage.
Trudeau was just in time to introduce plan to ban sales of ICE cars and force everyone to drive electric cars
Send to Rich Rebuilds, he'll make it all better.
Welp, this is why I'm sticking with ICE vehicles. Over 100 years of use...
I'd never trust the dealership anyways.. burned too many times between factory factory defect rejections for paint, and other repair disputes, or even things owed to me from purchase that weren't delivered because the way it was written up
Young and gullible probably still won't learn from this
That’s why I still dealing with my regular engine cars !! 🤪✌🏼imagine buying a house for $450K, the boiler get damaged and the quote to replace the boiler is $500K !! 🤦🏻‍♂️ These ppl are something else. 😁
The price of this Hyundai EV battery is obviously a ripp off .... even the most expensive Tesla or Ford battery is about half the amount .... never buy an Hyundai EV then ....
And people are wondering why their car insurance is going through the roof! Maybe there should be a seperate insurance to cover EV's instead of the rest of us having to cover it.
@7:16 This is a perfect example of how EVs are BAD for the environment. Before EVs came around, we were making way too much e-waste from computers, phones, TVs etc. EVs only contribute to that problem. Also, they are NOT as repairable as a fuel car is. For liability, everyone involved is going to say "replace the entire battery." This is because it is impossible to 100% guarantee that there isn't a tiny pinhole somewhere in the battery. You park that car inside a garage with a tiny pinhole in the battery, and it could burn the entire building down, even a year or two after the incident. Now, the person that ok'd the scratched battery could be liable for the entire building burning down.  Or, you can just take an fuel car and keep it running like the Ship Of Theseus. Now a brand new engine is like $3000-$8000, and you don't have to worry about slavery in rare earth mining, strip mining for rare earth, lack of sufficient power generation, waiting to charge, and oh yeah repeating the slavery and strip mining for each accident. Also, keep in mind that if the body of the car is bent, the new battery pack won't even fit so now you are buying a brand new car because you hit a deer.   This is the reason that no one wants an EV except for the wildly rich; EVs are being introduced in such a way to maximize profits for the corporations. They promised they would be "like Legos," and they absolutely are not. Try and get some Right To Repair stuff from an EV, things like --> telematics <--
By looking at number of views, more people would be moving towards Tesla! 🤣 it’s that simple
I've never understood why we pay insurance to make us whole, but when they make us whole they penalize us for doing so. Insurance seems to be a legal scam and we are compelled to be both complicit in it, and victimized by it. Sheesh!
Hyundai is doing fraudulent business! This is not possible!
You buy from junk company yoy get junk service
If it costs me 60k to keep the environment clean Ia rather just use normal gas.
Why is this a big deal? Obviously, the driver hit something looking at the scratch marks. If you make a claim, your insurance goes up, and the insurance company will do what they have to do to minimize their loss. Shut up and take the consequence of your bad driving head-on like a grown-up man and just move on.
This is a horrible look for Kia and their warranty. This does not give people faith in buying not only a kia product or an electric car.
Why would anyone buy an EV? Toy cars for idiots.   And in this case, why on earth would you even take it to the dealer? There was nothing wrong with it.
Electric cars are so fragile. The manufacturer has a problem if a small scratch can cause this much damage.
Another reason i will never buy a electric car
Why would you take your car to a body shop for a new battery.  Body shops are for collision repair.  Don't make videos if you don't know what you are talking about.  Can't trust anything you say when you say stupid stuff like that.
Factory warranty?
I just cancelled Hyundai plans. Ridiculous.
It is time to sue the states for building those nasty speed bumps, which cause those damages. My previous car got its exhaust system busted, because some idiotic construction worker thought it would be a good idea to build it higher than the exhaust system is!!!!!!
Not an expert here my suggestion- visual inspection and a huge voltmeter. I do answer questions for free.
Stealership
This sounds like a fraud claim against  the dealership and Insurance company.
This fake news crap is exactly why there is so much hate towards EVs , the battery is fine stop trying to fix something that isn't broken.  Shame on all of you for even talking about this on a video format it just give them ammunition to throw ridiculous lies.
no point buying EV, i preffer my v6 twin turbo , end of history
So these cars have become the inkjet printers of the motor world, new ink cartridges will cost you more than getting a brand new printer with cartridges..
This is what happens when you listen to blue states eat it and enjoy it. That's what Joe Biden gets and California for trying to shove this crap in people's mouths people are not going to buy this crap. 👏 👏 👏 👏  😅😅😅😅😅 I want to see where plays out. as of right now the dealership are sitting on 90% if ev inventory. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
oh i got it, buy a new car take the battery out.  and put it in the old car and you save 5000 so crazy!
I love how the Tesla groupies instantly say "it wouldn't happen in a Tesla".
$60000 just for battery. Wow what a amazing EV zero emission car!
That is crazy, the hole looks as if the cover of cap  is just missing….
Bad Hyundai don’t buy it
I went to Toyota and found out Highlander at $35K couple years, ago, is now almost $50K! That's truly a nut case for any working class person that can shell out that much money.
I can't imagine driving this car in Montreal.. with all potholes from the City.
Yeah well thats "Hundye" for ya.
To put it in perspective, it's like putting a dent in the gas tank and writing off the vehicle.
something is wrong with this invoice, the price list and the price net for the battery is 6 649.98$ so how come the amount is 56 649.98$????? where does the 50 000$ more comes from???
Pass
Unbelievable. Now please share this with the government of Canada that has now mandated that by 2035 all new cars should be electric because according to them, such vehicles are affordable to everyone.
sounds like a dealership issue... if you speak korean korean GWS schematic and repair manuals are free... you can get maintenance guidelines show that to idiot who said about circles. then again i wonder how many regular folks actually look up mechanical stuff untill they are in a pitch
When they recommended you be green. They meant Naive and gullible. (and yall fell for it 😂)
The whole E.V. Thing is a scam! & all those foolish enough to believe they saving the planet are only fooling themselves, everything to do with E.V. Vehicles is a very large con..
Because of this case, no more ev, no more hundai
Woo save the planet! EVs are amazing for the environment! 😂 What a joke...
Electric cars are a scam
A battery can't cost $60K, it's the bad automotive industry policy and lack of any pressure from the GOV to keep spare parts cheap. Repair is less issue for the environment. Interestingly pushing EV to the public does not lack GOV pressure, for the same env. reason.
Babala, never buy ev
🤣👍🏾
This is why I tell my customers get a Toyota….. Stay away from those POS Hyundai/Kia 😂😂😂Its nothing cool about buying a POS brand New
Solution = Internal combustion engine.
ill keep driving my 1989 supra   XD
That's Hyundai for ya. Hope this doesn't happen to all those who bought this just because they were too proud to "buy a tesla", but it's kinda deserved I guess. People need to buy reliability, not just commit to a purchase out of spite for a brand 😂
Note to Self :  Don’t  buy an electric vehicle until I do not have a choice.
Wow, you hit something on the road and your insurance doubles for 10 years, that is insane.
I'll never buy another hyundai again. They got me for a 2017 elentra and I had nothing but problems with it. Recalls for other 2017 models, but must've just not been cost effective for them to admit fault for the elantras. Not to mention higher insurance rates because they made them ridiculously easy to steal. Also now thta I've got a civic I can say that the thing rode like crap and was cheaply put together inside and out. At least hyundai taught me a valuable lesson I'll keep with me, don't cheap out on the important stuff.
Serves him right for buying into the woke government
OK, Guys, you making a video about battery problem for one EV vehicle owner , and you really unprepared for it. You should run a search about Europe problem with EV, how many had been written off for minor panel damages , just scratches, which under the EU regulation require insurace companies write off such vehicle. There are thousands of such vehicles stored and piled up in junk jards of Europe,  and no one is talking about. EU Gov is just stupidly pushing new regulations in a favour of EV, but EV is a One Huge Rotting Problem, and it is just the begining of this problem.
You need a protector for the battery protector....
EVs are a liability from sales lot to its dirge .You are responsible for any fires it starts
BY DESIGN
Screw EVs, it's not about saving the planet more than it is the newest money maker. The carbon footprint alone that it takes to manufacture these cars is prohibitive, they are just too expensive to maintain if any little thing goes wrong. I won't change to EVs until the prices are normalised and/or I am absolutely forced to get one when they completely ban petrol cars, whichever comes first.
When they start giving away EVs, I'll own one.
This is getting to be a familiar theme across the world. A £120k Porsche Taycan 2 years old - battery damaged replacement quote £40+k. Trade in value after 2 years £38k. Result write off and everyone’s insurance premiums go up even more. These EVs are an absolute menace.
Anyone concerned it quotes battery at $6649.98 then amount adds a $5 at front So it actually says battery is less than $7000
EVS are a  total  joke   never  the future    money  pit And  risk  to  life
EVs are fast becoming the printer ink of the 2020s
Driving your EV voids the warranty.
The dealership seems trying to scam the poor fella
Looks like a typo on the quote.  They added a "5" on the total.
Seems crazy that they would total out the vehicle, until you consider the liability. Ex. You park the car in the garage and it starts a fire that then burns down the house and kills a family of 4.
Sounds like the dealership is ripping them off.
Why is a battery for a car more than the cost of the car?
Hey bought my Hyundai on Saturday drove it on Sunday towed it to the shop on Monday! Hyundai Hyundai can't trust it for a day Hyundai Hyundai I wanna sell it Today Hyundai Hyundai it just worked out that way!!!!😅😅😅😅😅
Clickbait, save your time. Move along
Those old batteries leave a Huge Carbon Footprint
Drive a v8 way cheaper
Toyota’s hybrid philosophy seems to be the best choice at this time.
LOL
Sounds like an all-around *SCAM* !!
buy to bankrupt yourself, lesson learned! Their more fragile than a glass cup falling on a cement surface!
Get the facts before you post.  The dealership was inept, didn't call the manufacturer, and the insurance reacted to fast.
Insurance companies are gonna go broke, or insurance prices are about to go insane.
It's common practise by manufacturers to direct customer back to the 2nd party seller and sort out problems there. They do it because of money. But in the end 2nd party sellers, such as dealerships, cant always be trusted and may screw over the customer. Even the manufacturer in the country may try to scam the customer. That is why it's important to first try to contact the manufacturer, tell them the situation. If they something does not feel right, the customer needs to contact head quarters (in the other  country maybe) and try to sort it out there. When it comes to communication so much can potentially go wrong.
Battery warranty is normally at leat 7 years so whats the problem????????????????
Tesla is the only EV to buy in USA currently.
I cant help but laugh.  Not at you but the sheer ridiculousness of "EV'".  100% shit from the start.  Is the government mind control wearing off yet everyone?  We've been sold a yarn through and through.
NEVER TRUST TJE DESLERSHIP
So the battery protection cover which is meant to protect the battery, cannot sustain any type of damage without affecting the battery? That is some poor design and/or engineering. If the protection system meant to be sacrificial, to save another part, cannot perform that task, them what's the point of having the protection plate in the first place?
This is what people are buying into with electric cars. There's just not one pro to owning one.
Welcome to West and  Canada! 😀 I would suggest you to move to Russia, where living is at normal cost, not like this 😀
sustainability 🤗
I will drive a combustion engine, as long as there isn't a law enforcing third party EV repair-ability!
Excellent presentation..
EVs are a scam at this point. Wait till the country realizes the amount of new generation that will be required to charge them. Global warming will happen regardless.
thank you for bringing this story to public. EV market has some very important issues that needs to be resolved.
Unacceptable: there is too little damage to get in this situation. the  protection is too little. Prizes:  one can expect a car built from parts is more expensive in hardware alone already than a new car, but this battery is virtually render this car a Total Loss.
so, if the battery was under the hood and he had a crash, would he not be engulfed in flames? hard nope.
So if u scratch the protection cover.... Which can happen in many occasions.. the warranty is void? That's robbery. They need a class action lawsuit!
awesome!
56k for a battery replacement. On a one year old $60k vehicle. Let that sink in.  Unbelievable
Soooo, EV cars are less to maintain? Aside of the icreased MSRP over an ICE car, spontaneous battery fires, less real world range, limited charging stations and ridiculous battery replacement cost where a new engine would cost less than half of that, not sure why people still buy these.
I say good!! That’s what you get for buying those electric piles of crap.  My battery in my diesel pick up cost $265.
That's a professional PR....a letter of whole lotta words that meant a whole lotta nothing...
Dealership was going to use the original protection cover. How much damage could there have been? What a scam!
All the more reason not to purchase electrics.
I’ll just keep my 2015 ford flex that has a gas engine and cheap battery replacement 👍🏻👍🏻
There is no way on earth I am spending $60,000 on a Hyundai. I say this as a former automotive technician. You quite literally have to know nothing about cars or prudent finances to make that decision. If you feel like "balling out", you can buy a depreciated $25,000 used Porsche/BMW/Lexus/Audi/whatever with a warranty and pocket the rest. Even without a warranty on a German or Japanese car, your expenses would be thousands less, especially if you are an intelligent DIY-type person.   There are 2001 Lexus and BMW still rolling around with 300,000 miles on the original engines in every big city. This is due to cheap new/used parts and tools that anyone can access... unlike EV cars which have anti-repair locks built in. Tesla doesn't equip an OBD2 port so the average person can not execute read/write functions on the car's ECU (computer). Only Tesla dealers.   Any of those later cars would be ions better in driving dynamics, interior quality, and financial sense. The only people who argue against common sense like this are people who overpay for cars and then try to defend their bad decisions.
this ev crap is all scam nothingh green about them fire the replacement probly worst in green house gas
If the battery was fine, why was he at the dealership getting the battery inspected in the first place?
There is something we're not being told here. There is no way that a scratch on an EV battery will cause the whole pack to need to be replaced. Either this channel, or the owner are not being totally honest about what exactly is happening.
They rip you off one way or another. This comes as no surprise. You have to read that FINE print. WARRANTY is a joke!
NOTHING BUT TESLA
Do not ever by EVs , over priced, Environmentally Hazarded than any other car, Charging issues around the world, Battery issues in every American, Korean car, performance issues in every year used... Not worthy at all...
Hyundai/KIA vehicles are absolute garbage.
So is the car free and your paying for just the battery?
No one takes in a car to check the battery if they dont think they hit something. He probably ran off a curb
Looks like all the "car news" channels got the same memo.. Talk crap about electric vehicles. Or is it Monkey See Monkey Do Media?
The service advisor messed up the invoice! Are your eyes painted on?
absolutely ridiculous policy!, So it's a throw away car, a disposable car? one scratch and you're done?! And your insurance rate doubles!!...I'm having a hard time accepting this is real.
Electric cars are not the future especially when you consider the markets where these cars end up
I can't believe that.  Incredible.  Somebody paid $55,000 for a Hyundai!   What's this about repairs or something?
Anti-EV propaganda. It’s everywhere. Probably funded by fossil fuel companies.
"Buy an EV" they said- in fact the government is mandating all new vehicles by 2035 be ZEV.  Have IQ's dropped sharply?  Ignore the man behind the curtain because you're not going to like what you see.  And yet the mandates push forward without the considerations surrounding ZEV's.  For argument lets say my oil pan hits something and I need to replace an engine...well, that may cost anywhere from $5000-$20,000...not $60,000...and then I still have a usable vehicle, not a paperweight being thrown to the landfill.  This is disturbing.
9:35 Sounds like the key is to not buy Hyundai vehicles in Canada.
EV’s are a scam Dealerships are professionals at scamming in every experience I have had with them. I never go to dealerships anymore even for warranty work because they mess you around way to much and never fix the problems.
this is the reason electric vehicles wont survive
Me: "Doc, I have an abrasion on my chest" Doc: "You're going to need a heart transplant"
Hyundai being Hyundai even with an EV.  At least they look nice due creative lifting of other car designs.
EV...is not the answer
I'll pass on disposable cars.
I have a 2022 Tucson Hybrid, and while it's a good car overall, it has some annoying issues (despite having less than 15K miles) that I had never experienced with Honda or Toyota. Now with this story, I know not to buy this brand again. Now wonder it costs less.
Should you buy an EV right now? NO. The battery is not efficient and cost effective yet. In another 2 or 3 generations of EV battery technology, maybe.
@ 7:47 can't. understand. a word!
ICBC are nothing but crooks just like Hyundai. This kid is getting shafted. This isnt even a EV vs ICE issue, this is all about profit for Hyundai and ICBC
WOW! Something I'm sure prospective EV buyers or EV owners have ever thought about. VERY valuable information. Thank you.
Just as the Canadian government announced today that all cars sold after 2035 will be EVs.  Welcome to the clown future.
My blood is boiling hearing about the details of this. It is completely unacceptable in terms of both the minimal damage to cause failure, lack of physical investigation and actual cost to replace. Let’s face it. They can’t sell a car for $55,000 if one component costs $56 ,500 alone.  I guess there needs to be more government oversight to protect consumers as free enterprise is simply taking advantage of people
Wild to think EV tech is old ..
If the battery actually costs Hyundai enough to justify a $56k price tag, but the whole car sells for $55k, then Hyundai is dumping these cars on the Canadian market below cost. This is seriously anti-competitive behavior.
If the battery can be damaged because something on the road scratches the protective cover without the driver even knowing it, turning the car into a ticking bomb, the car is a dangerous and defective product and should be recalled.
Mechanics scamming.
I've been telling people for years, don't buy electric. Insurance companies don't like them. Also insurance is more, you dont save the planet having one. Get a Honda or Toyota
Hell no. I'd be speaking with legal counsel on the recovery of any financial losses on the vehicle, the loss of time / utility due to the loss of use of the car and any future insurance increases from that stealership and / or Hyundai. This is a huge PR nightmare for Hyundai and I'm shocked that they haven't replaced the car outright as a gesture of good faith to keep their brand out of the sewers.   I know that it is the dealership that has put the owner in this pickle, but Hyundai needs to own this situation -- fully.  A discount on a new car purchase? Are they joking after the experience that the owner just had?  If EVs are the legislated future of automotive engineering, we are royally screwed.
Overpriced Junk
Don’t buy Hyundai, simple as that.
All car batteries should be made swappable and provide battery monthly check up. This should be made into a law.
electric cars are just another way the government wants to use to screw consumers.
Congratulations to all the sheeps who follow the EV idiocy. 🤣
WTF 🙈
Hyundais aren’t reliable and haven’t been for a while, not sure why people won’t listen or figure it out, see mostly ghetto people or low class people driving Hyundais driving like maniacs.
More evidence of the insanity of the GREEN NEW DEAL.
The government is enabling this.  Grandpas and dads cant work on these modern cars, we'll be subject to the large corporations.
This also happened to me in the USA. I have a brand new Lexus NX300 and it rained in Northern California and the gush of water came inside the driver cabin. I have 3 year warranty and Lexus said that this is not covered. They said it is because of spiders web. The most ridiculous thing I have heard. Any way had to go through the insurance and the cost was $4000. All automobile companies are thief’s. The dealership is a scam. Try finding email and telephone number of Lexus in the USA. Japanese are bloody thief’s too.
Another problem with electric vehicles. One reason manufacturers are so strict with possible battery damage is because those things can be lethal if they do get damaged. The manufacturer does not want to be in the hook for a death.
Another reason to stay the F away from electric cars. Stupid insane expensive.
Lots of 'could be's' on here.
If the car was running okay why didn't he just not fix it and just keep driving it without wasting a bunch of money
As an automotive technician with over 40 years experience, I would never buy a Hyundai or Kia brand new because every single person I've ever known that has bought one and had trouble has been denied warranty or had to fight like hell to get it covered they literally always come back and blame the customer somehow it was their fault on how they drove the car or lack of Maintenance etc etc
Wow! Scamlership is at it again! Thank you for the coverage! I won't be thinking of electric cars any longer.
Seems like EVs can save fuel but not necessarily money
He should have kept the car...whatever price the insurance company would have deducted from the payout would have been worth it to keep the car, as the pack is likely fine.
Another reason to avoid EV’s as they’re a scam 😮
No. I will not be buying an EV.
Everyone in the government wants to go green but the price of an electric car and things like this shenanigans is making it hard for the common person to shift to EVs.
i would never buy a Hyundai period!
This is a great "advertisement" for Hyundai electric cars. It will take Hyundai years to shake off this nightmarish image. Good job in warning the consumers Motormouth.
Does this car go on a insurance registration similar to hail damage. Some other person may purchase this car for say 40 thousand and end up with a bill for 60 thousand not being able to claim insurance or warranty, just putting it out there.
It's the reason I'm NOT buying any EVs
I think there is a mistake in the battery quote as it states that the list and net price are $6649.98 then the total has at 5 at the front making it $56649.98 seems like a mistake to me.
It is ..... no word!
EV's are a joke that the .gov is trying to force on us. They will have zero resale value and if you are lucky you won't have to pay to get rid of it after a few years.
Don’t worry, Canada has plans to phase out gas/diesel vehicles by 2035! Utter crap. NOT only is the infrastructures not even close to handle that increase in demand, not only is the battery manufacturing not up to the task seen clearly by this outrageous price, battery efficiency drops substantially in cold climates! As a country with vast distances this is absolutely absurd. Ford and GM are already doing an about-face on EV, and Canada is pushing ahead. Great job Trudeau.
That will do a lot of damage to entire electric cars industry. I am sharing this as much as I can!
Bravo. Woke story went completely wrong. To make one EV harms environment more (mining 500,000lbs for (1) one EV battery) than 5.7LV8 Toyota engine on the road for 125,000 miles in terms of CO2 emission. Government EV scam got completely uncovered.
How much does the original  battery  cost  😢
- stay away from EVs...
Suddenly Tesla is sitting very pretty in their battery pack situation. Some model 3s are approaching the less than 10k mark for battery replacement.  This feels like a bit of a hit piece without any discussion on what it's like with other EVs, pretty sure this high of a cost is isolated to Hyundia Kia. These companies are going to need to sort this out or we'll have nothing but Chinese EVs and Tesla's left within 20 years.
Well, you can always salvage it by putting a gas engine in.  😃
Legaxy auto WANTS EVs to fail and they DO all the things to make it happen, including this.  Buy a Tesla and support local manufacturing and the best engineers in the world.  A company that actually does good instead of only talking pretty
How the hell a battery pack costs 58,000.00 dollars? This is why I am staying away from EVs. This is insane.
I find it funny these vids are coming out now, cuz the battery has always been that way. Research b4 you buy. Its why you never buy a used ev since you dont know how well they treated the battery.
I'll never buy an electric vehicle if this is the case
OOps!
This is exactly what Hyundai does. They think people should buy new cars from them every few years like iPhones. They will look for the tiniest unrelated dent and fxxk your warranty claim. No matter if it is an ICE or Hybrid or EV. I learned the hard way. My Hyundai was only serviced by the dealership and engine failed prematurely at 80,000km. Hyundai denied my warranty claim and said it's my fault not to check the oil level. No warning light and no sign. It just died. Car was only serviced 2 months before that happened. Dealership said they did everything right, Hyundai said the car burnt 5 litres of oil in 2 months was 'normal'. I did not had time and energy to drag on with Hyundai so I ended up replacing the engine myself. Cost a fucking fortune. Of course, If you don't check the oil everyday your warranty voided? WTF is that warranty for?  No to mention bits and pieces literally falling apart once warranty period is over. There are tons of internal plastic parts they are designed to fail after a few years - no matter where you park your car. They dried out a crack into dust. Compare to my 16 yrs old Toyota- Nothing breaks except those consumable bits.  Now I'll spent the rest of my life to stop all my friends and family buying another Hyundai.  Fxxk you Hyundai.
EVs scam
Help me understand.  If the battery is $59k and a new vehicle is $62k, are you telling me that ALL of the other combined components are only $3k?
Note to self, do not ever go electric.😅
SUCKERS!  They got your money and you get a voided battery warranty and increased insurance cost plus and a written off vehicle!  Complete scam!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
EV's are one of the biggest _SCAMS_ Dealerships and their respective Repair shops are running on people. This and plenty of other extremely costly repairs are helping to destroy the EV market.  Great job guys👍🏆
Go woke go broke LMFAO!!!
EVs are a sham. The mining of lithium and cobalt not only increases the use of fossil fuels to mine them, especially cobalt mines in Africa use underpaid and cold labor. CHINA alone produces more than 50% of EV batteries.
The 'non reply' from Hyundai concerning whether the battery should be inspected tells me they do not know how to determine the integrity of the battery.   It is essentially a 'black box' and Hyundai is not willing, nor the dealer, accept any possibility of liability .  Short story: Hyundai is not prepared to stand behind their product.  The industry as a whole is not ready for prime time - and YOU will foot the bill by default.
"What sort of advice does he have for potential EV buyers?"  ...Fucking run from EV's, Hyundai, and move out of Canada! -Kyle (probably not, but lol)
Mugs
Internal combustion motors are still better than EVs. Hyundai is notorious for denying warranty work. There motors are hit and miss and I have heard their hybrids are not very reliable. Buy a Toyota hybrid and drive it forever.
Wow! Shame on Hyundai in S. Korea, and Hyundai Canada, and double shame on the dealership. As much as the glowing reviews of Hyundai (and Kia) pique my interest, after hearing this I would never buy an EV from them. They should have developed their plans for handling such situations before they started to sell a single vehicle - not on the fly! I feel bad for Kyle, and I feel that Hyundai should *give* Kyle a brand new Ioniq5, plus they should have rectified the issues with ICBC. I feel terrible for Kyle! Communication is very  important, and it seems that there was lack of communication between Hyundai and their dealer network, and the dealer with Kyle. His dealer was lazy. Another story of greedy corporations *and* shameless dealers. All they think about is profits. I hope the public hears about this and boycotts that local dealer, for one. Kyle, so sorry to hear about this nightmare!!
Keep buying this garbage, normies!
Worst part is the increased insurance costs. Due to the way they car is made he's now looked at as a bad driver and has to pay a penalty for it??
Buy a small car with a small 4 cylinder naturally aspirated engine  Made in Japan that gets at least 40 mpg A Subaru Crossrek comes to mind, well 2 actually As you could buy 2 Base models for the price of a Hyundai battery
Just bought a new x3m competion.....love it.....electric cars are not the future unless you can rent and swap batterys easily like the nio brand in china, 5 minute swap at station and you have a new charged battery. I would never buy an electric car at this juncture with them being what they are. Love my cordless tools,and the phone to type this, but it ends there. Only bat ill be changing in my new car is the 500$ agm battery every 5 years.
That doesn't make sense. A one year old car needs a battery that cost more than the car was sold for? Something fishy is going on with car prices when it comes to the Ioniq. Maybe Hyundai is just trying to unload them?
Don’t buy an electric car
It just sounds like a... "I don't want this job quote". There are plenty of tradespeople who get a client or a job they don't want. So they quote an absolutely astronomic amount so they don't say 'no' but they name the price they would be happy to do the job in the timeframe, or for that problem client.  This just highlights mostly how much better a novated lease or lease arrangement is for battery electric vehicles. They can be tax deductible, and any battery issues and costs... Are not the drivers out of pocket problem. 🙂
People are being brainwashed. Current technology is by no means economical in terms of the woke measures, but the woke people do not understand that. I would never buy electric so anyone doing so can pave the road for the future for others.
The list price for this battery is 25,350 USD.  Someone messed up.  Part number 37501G7601
Doesn't seem much point in having a protective panel.    All these early adopters can take the risks, I am happy with my new ICE and will consider an EV only when batteries are safe.  Bad enough the number of fires caused by small lithium batteries, hate to think what will happen with batteries as they age.   Your liability could be pretty costly, insurance might increase as the vehicle ages.
60,000 battery problem appears. Me : I choose you “gap insurance”  Problem : “solved”
Suckers,,, Didn't save money. Insurance increase, vehicle cost,repairs
that stealership was definitely robbing him.
Just another reason not to buy an EV.
Let that be a lesson. Don't ever take your EV car to the dealer first, get a professional unbiased opinion first if you don't posses the necessary knowledge. Then, if they pull this kind of thing, get a lawyer immediately, before surrendering the car to the dealer, if it goes that way. These are going to be big issues going forward if the automakers are forced by liberal laws to produce and sell expensive items at a loss as they are now.  The cost of the all the parts and labor cost much much more than the sales price s they are compelled to set by the governments.
Yeah thats the dealer protecting them selfs from the inevitable law suits
Sounds like they was lying to him to get money for a new battery or new car, saying it will explode because the protector was scratched is bull and trying to scare the customer.
In the U.S., the burden of proof is on the manufacturer to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that the customer is at fault for any malfunction.  In this case, it seems that the manufacturer underdeveloped the "protective cover".
Another nail in the coffin of electric cars or just a nightmare story?
Lmfao
Thought I saw a similar story on toronto news as well. Loving my 19 yr old Sienna more than ever.
His first mistake was buying an EV.
Electric vehicles are simply not currently ready for primetime.
Say whatever you want. There is a simple solution: DO NOT BUY AN EV.  Second; when you buy a replacement car, DO NOT BUY HYUNDAI, because no matter how you slice it, they screwed you.   This story, unfortunately, is all too common. That is why people are waking up to the EV hoax and not buying this crap.  Think about it. If EVs were so great, they would not need to be mandated.  Also think about this: anything Biden tells you is great, and you need one, RUN! RUN AWAY FAST!
It shouldn't take long for Hyundai Canada to confirm the actual cost of new battery.   Seriously C$ 60K?     This is insane.
Dont feel bad for anyone who buys a hyundai. Theyve been selling the tale of unreliability for over a decade.
Nice video! Thanks for sharing this story!
So basically After Two years ~80% of EVs are total damage if ANYTHING Happens to the battery because they have to Change it?! Yeah EVs are the savior of the world 🤦🏻‍♂️
To pay $45,000usd for a Hyundai in the first place is crazy.
As usual motormouth (I remember him from bctv car reviews when Zack was a kid who didn’t know what he was talking about) doesn’t have a clue. You can’t assess battery damage by looking at it lol!!!  If even one cell out on thousands is slightly off, somewhere down the road there’s going to be an inferno: Incredibly hot, chemical fire that can’t be extinguished, toxic fumes, flames actually shooting out.  So yes.. visible damage means the whole thing is done.. But the absence of visible damage does not mean it’s fine.
Tesla's Model S had it's first 2-3 generations designed with the AC Condenser above the battery shroud and corrosive mineral water would drip from the Condenser onto the shroud until eventually it rots the the shroud and begins to leak onto the battery and subsequently destroys the battery.   And Tesla KNOWING that the issue is related to an oversight by their own fundamental design layout for the car, they won't warranty is, but will offer to get you a new one for all of $24,000!!!  So you can see the but rape isn't just Hyundai, but all EV's in general. They're ALL just in it for the money, NOT ONE OF THEM CARE ONE IOTA ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT, AND THEY CARE EVEN LESS ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS, whom they apparently feel are simpleton, sloped headed Neanderthals that they can make a metric ton of money off of because in their minds, any idiot who buys into the whole EV "movement" is a willing woke doofus who willingly showed up with their pants down with unloved asses and begged to be screwed.
What about collision/battery damage & repair cost?
You just cannot have an car where its primary part and the most easily damageable one on the top of it cost more than 10% of the purchase value! I consider even 10% outrageous, although that might be more realistic!  Do not forget there is a huge business opportunity an exclusivity/monopoly to produce battery and each process of it to make super expensive and the industry is not going to want to make it cheaper to produce except for themselves, however when it come to purchasing price of the actual product/battery, it will only fractionally be cheaper no matter if its production gets way cheaper, just simply greediness!  Just see how many % cheaper Tesla makes their batteries and how many % cheaper a Tesla that uses such battery and compare them, you’be surprised! I picked Tesla here, but the same is true to other makers too as well as Apple, HP, MICROSOFT, Google, Samsung etc. when it comes to pricing products! This won’t change unless consumers stop buying/upgrading their products unless they price it more fairly! Now when this will happen is the actual question here! These businesses only can thrive if there are buyers, when no buyer they change!
Don't buy a crappy Hyundai
KIA means  Killed In Action
Note to self:  DO NOT buy a Hyundai IONIQ 5. 🤬
just another example why BEV's are stupid
Key takeaway....purchase a traditional ICE vehicle....many get 45+ mpg now.
Very eco one-off cars :/
Why does “list” and “net” on the invoice for the battery say 6648.98 but then “amount” is 56,649.98?
Uh oh another EV cope
37501-gi351 part in USD in the US is half that.  Also, the dealer gave the quote to get the person to go away.    The manufacturer agreed to fix it under warranty as soon as they found out, but the owner had already disposed of the vehicle.  This is a dealer problem, not a car problem.
I know this is besides the point. But buy a Honda next time
I been hearing Hyundai has been EXCESSIVE with their battery replacements and they’re even worse than Tesla (and they high)
So what is insurance on these vehicles going to end up being if this tiny damage caused $61,000 in damage.
This firms up my opinion that I'm refusing to own an electric vehicle. The automakers and government will have a rude awakening soon that people can't afford the cars and if they can, they can't afford the repairs or even the cost to write these off after a few years of use. You will not be able to replace an engine and transmission on an older car to keep it running for these electric cars.
This video has been sponsored by the fossil fuel industry
Here in Brazil EVs are called rich toys....
Omg, this is the future of electric vehicles. What can the average Joe or Jane do when this issue arises? Soon nobody can’t afford to have a EV since the insurance will skyrocket of their pockets. Big dreams, big headaches.
Looking at the quote, the 1st 2 columns show the price qw $6649, not $56649, Could there have been a 5 slipped in on the total that was not supposed to be there? Batteries can't cost more than the whole car. Not possible.
I see no justification for the battery costing $55000 for a 1 year old car. What did this car cost brand new? Surely this car didn't lose half it's value in 2 year.
@Hyundai Take care of his battery!!! Pay for Labor!! It’s a brand new car! 😳😳
Tesla would cause 1/3 .  Third party battery ........................Charge and double charge toward customer...................
No vehicle should be sold that has any one part that cost more than the vehicle is worth at one year old.
Similar story my friend brought a brand new electric Porsche.  He had an accident instead of repairing the car they written it off.  £85k. Had the car just over a year
GREEN IS THE NEW RED!
Gas internal engines rule!! EV's are a Joke!!Guess it's nice to be on the cutting edge, eh? Heck no! Internal combustion engines rule!!
Simply plugging the vehicle in for diagnostics would provide relevant information on the battery health; individual cells and the whole pack. If any of the cells were damaged this information would be shown on the diagnostic report.  In this instance Kyle may have been a victim of dare I say racism. Did the mechanic take one look at Kyle and decided to scam him? Or was the mechanic simply not trained enough, relying only on limited information provided via a service bulletin.There are so many red flags here.  This vehicle must be purchased back from the insurance company by Hyundai for further testing and diagnostics. Kyles insurance should then reverse their decision to increase his premium thanks to Hyundai buying the car back. Furthermore Kyle should receive a refund of any costs he has incurred. Hyundai did their part by offering a discount on a new vehicle. Kyle is not owed a free Ioniq5. Reversal of the insurance rate hike, refunding his costs associated with this unfortunate incident, and compensation by way of a discounted new vehicle is all Kyle is owed.  The damage, as shown, is consistent with Kyle leaving the pavement. One does not end up with gravel embedded in body panels by impacting an object on a paved road. That is unless that object is ice or compaceted snow with gravel embedded within or a pile of gravel. In this instance, again based on the single photo, it appears Kyle either hit a pothole, was driving on a rough gravel road, or went off the road onto a soft shoulder where gravel became embedded in the plastic panel.   The plastic panel ,(protective cover) is fastened in several spots. If any of those plastic fasteners come loose or are broken, say due to impact, the panel is going to sag where the fastener broke or came loose. Debris filling the void could also cause sagging of the panel. Gap widening between the plastic panel and the battery pack does not automatically indicate an issue with the battery pack. Further investigation is required to determine the cause of the widened gap.  Transition to EVs is outpacing mechanic training. This could be a case of a mechanic not fully understanding the vehicle he was task with inspecting. Hence relying solely on a bulletin to determine a course of action; widened gap = automatic battery replacement.   My take away: rather than pulling into a dealership for battery concerns I will find an EV specialty shop to inspect the battery first. An EV shop would do both a physical inspection for damage and run diagnostics to check for signs of internal damage.....all without reporting their findings to the manufacturer. As Kyle found out a simple scratch voided his battery warranty: a $60k CAD loss.
I purchased a used Porsche cayenne for 10K.  Two weeks later the security system in the steering column died.  Porsche wanted 10K to replace it.  If the car had been stolen, the insurance company would have reimbursed me for my loss.  Porsche did nothing.  They laughed when I told them their anti theft system stole my 10K investment from me and my insurance company won’t pay for that theft.
Saving the planet, one EV, old solar panel or wind turbine blade in a dump at a time.
EV devalue so much, it seems gas powered still better. Battery explosion anytime? Seriously?
This story sounds like complete bullsh1t.  Anyone who has a car that is a year old would bring it to the dealer for a WARRANTY repair. Also, no insurance company is going to just throw away money.
Just drive it.
Always never buy a $50k joke car from Hyundai or KIA
Buy a Toyota.
Buying an electric car makes people suspect you of being a rich fool. Buying a battery for said electric car, proves it.
why did you not do your homework before you bought the car? Ohh, I forgot, you were trying to save money and save the environment....
Again. Hyundai just keeps beeing like Disney🤦🏻‍♂️🤣🤣🤣
Electric cars can eat a bag of d's. There is nothing green about scrapping these vehicles
Just avoid Hyundai and KIA. God worse vehicles on the market
That is so crazy 🤦🏾‍♂️
If Kyle had even the slightest bit of mechanical aptitude he would've recognized that the scratches on the battery cover were inconsequential and carried on with life. Maybe look for a used cover  to install six months before he gets rid of it...
Oh no! I'm really looking forward to as many suckers, I mean PEOPLE, to buy an EV as possible so it'll make gasoline more affordable for me;)
Well it just shows that the Internal Combustion Engine (ICE) is still King and will be for at least another decade
While EV costs are wild...battery, special tires, special towing restrictions. Theres also wild costs associated with new technology on cars. One video showed a rear taillight on a gas truck caused the truck to malfunction. Yes...a TAIL LIGHT caused mechanical issues with the car running properly. Cost to replace? Something like $5,000-$7,000 due to sensors. The cause: water got through the outer seal...
Why didn't Hyundai get involved before this went public. Not everyone wants to go public with their problem so Hyundai will probably ignore most peoples problems.
Thanks for the info!
KYLE should have just ignored the scratch and kept his mouth shut and just kept driving the car, as a mechanic of 48 years and looking at the scratches it shouldn’t even be an issue
That's were all the money saved from gas and oil changes comes in 😂. It's not about saving money, it's about saving it for later just in case 😅
These electric cars also have a perpensity to cat h fire and explode.
The worst thing for environment, from the massive   amount minerals, all the mining trucks, the fuel used etc, then add when they are on fire the horrid pollution. The net zero scam 😂
Feel sorry for Kyle, very nice well spoken young man, particularly considering that he got totally shafted.  No EV for me until the battery life and repair issues are resolved.  Too bad, they are fun to drive.
Hyundai probably cut corners on the protection plate, like they did on so many other things in this car and across their lineup.
Well that’s the problem.  You’re dealing with canuckistan.
I'm so glad you hoax believers got had
Vinfast: pay a monthly fee, and get your battery replaced when issues arise. You won't get this kind of garbage surprise of paying 60K. Vinfast seems to have the solution.
So why isn’t the battery swap model more popular such as NIO’s? You get a freshly charged battery in just a few minutes.
Moral of story:  Use common sense, it's just a scratch.  Find independent  mechanic if you aren't sure.  Keep driving EV...save $60K rip-off.
Hyundai Canada running an insurance scam. Bet they take out the battery and put it in another car. 60k for a plastic cover lol.
If you buy any very over priced and expensive electric vehicle in the first place then you suffer all the high expensive repairs and battery replacements.  This is why I’ll never own any electric vehicle.   All electric vehicles will eventually die off and become extinct same as what happened to LPG vehicles simply because they are not worth the costs to repair or replace the battery in a few years.   I’ll keep my petrol/diesel vehicles.
they have also done 2 recalls on all their batteries. the most expensive recalls in automotive history.. and give you back the car with less power and range.
"Dealerships" there's your problem. It's just a middleman taking a cut for no reason.
They don't call them stealerships for nothing.
But but but but.... environment.......
The cover is literally there to be scratched and dented.
Tesla is between $5K and $20K, depending on what is needed.
When the protection cover is damaged - how does that justify a battery replacement?
Now I know where not to buy a car.
Invoice shows 6649$. What are are they trying to tell?
Where is @Rich Rebuilds??
why would you not just take the american aproch and just drive it till it broke. if it drives charges just fine who cares...
Don’t believe all this. My daughter has a ten year old Toyota Prius hybrid. It has well over two hundred thousand miles on it. It runs and looks like new. I asked her what happens when the main battery goes bad? She said , the cars wear out before the battery.
Hyundai replaced my 2019 Kona Electric battery under its warranty at no cost to me. It was done under a recall. I will be careful to avoid such damages and ensure I those who leave debris on the road are charged and pay the full cost of repairs. One suggestion is leave more following distance so you can avoid debris on the road.
F*ck electric cars !
@Motormouth I think it would be of great value to your subscribers and the general consumer if you could create a video that analyzes and compares carbon footprint association with the manufacturing of such vehicles. And if in fact, there is an overall decrease in CO2 levels when compared to internal combustion engines. Is that something your team is able to report on?
That's bs. A professional can visually check the outside and computer check voltage and Amp of the battery. Then just replace the cover if needed. They're trying to make money. That's sad.
trust dealership？ grow up
Yet another reason that EV's are not the answer. What a joke. Make more fuel efficient cars and hybrids, EV technology is not where it needs to be.
Why would they place the battery underneath the car and not above or on the side of the inside hood? Nope electric cars are not in my budge or lifestyle. I will continue to patronize regular gas cars. Even though the normal batteries have increased from $50 to $250 since the inflation. I can handle the purchase of a regular battery instead of an EV battery.   Pretty soon the banks will be financing batteries to cover the cost if the consumer needs to purchase a brand new battery.  The question now is, is it worth the headache, pain and the financial burden?
EVs suck
It's really sad. Yet another reason not to buy an electric car and especially not a Hyundai.
That's what you get for buying such a stupid car
Yeah I'll pass on an EV.
I'll buy an EV no sooner than the major militaries buy them. Finicky crap that 'can explode any time' when you drive over something on the road and need parts costing more than the car - no thank you!
I like how the girl said we should't have to fight for everything. This is the world im in now
EV is totally a lease vehicle,  do not buy.
I keep warning people about buying these disposable cars from Hyundai and Kia. They haven't figured thingsbout yet..... don't buy them. And yes, there are some that go decent miles, but not worth the risk.
Taken advantage of a young customer. I'd have gone straight to an independent engineer and customer services direct. Dealer just wants money...
Sorry don't believe this garbage.
Another reason why I won’t buy an electric car, or Hyundai. What happened to producing reliable, quality products!
Well, it seems staying away from EVs is better
Avoids something in the road to prevent a crash - insurance goes up. Doesn't avoid something in the road and causing a crash - insurance goes up.  That sounds about right.
They gonna replace the battery and resell it and make their profit
You were hurting the power grid anyway.
Prevent Hyundai EVs, noted.
There's absolutely no way they put $56k worth of batteries in that car. $20k, sure, but $56k worth of batteries is like two or three cars worth of batteries.
Put the batteries on the top with a big solar array. Makes good sense to me.
It be cheaper to buy a 2010, replace the engine and transmission, service the rest, and drive that.  It cost probably 1/2 the amount.  EV’s are a scam, it be like replacing your car engine every year or every other year.
Hmmm...maybe don't go electric next time?
For a road trip, I'd much rather be driving what you're sitting in Zack and Andrea.
TIL car insurance in Canada is just as much of a scumbag scam as America. Good lord.
Buying a new car is NEEEVVEERRR good for the environment. Especially with a giant litium battery inside. It's a huge marketing scam.
This is enough to say getting an EV is not the time yet. This is one of the main concerns for EV and yes it is confirmed.
1. REMOVE the protection cover. 2. EXAMINE the battery. As there were no comments about degraded performance or alarms on the battery management system, I’m suspecting there’ll be no actual damage to the battery. The protection cover did what it was supposed to do. 3. INSTALL a new protection cover. Case closed.
lolz
only people with mental health disorders buy electric cars lol 😂
What was the problem?  Was the car not performing properly?  Was the battery damaged?  Why take it in if there were no issues?
No more hyundai for me ! Probleme solved ! List of brands to avoid : peugot , vw, renault , rangerover , citroen , nissan… Best brands : kia, toyota, honda .
When will people learn to never buy a Hyundai and never buy an electric car. If you do, make it a Tesla or better yet, buy a Toyota Prius.
its a simple case of dealer/body shop the list price under 6,ooo so 52000 markup on it is total freakin greed
My opinion gets second option has  Experience file lawsuit against dealership and manufacturing
Yup... Carbon footprint writing off a completely good vehicle over a scratch. Yup save it all that money on fuel... What a loader horse shit
Say BIG NO TO EV period!!!!
Easy decision here. Go back to a gas powered vehicle. You will pay a lot less and be able to afford your new insurance premium. The dealer and Hyundai screwed you pal. You should have gone to a 3rd party for an evaluation then got a lawyer.
Look at the list and net cost of the battery...6649.98. (body shop cost), versus what the dealer is selling it to the customer for (56,649.98), exactly a 50,000 mark up. Its slways a scam!!!!
More anti EV scaremongering. 😂
Electric cars are absolutely ridiculous and ppl need to boycott this bullshit
This is craziness! We need to scrap these EVs and go back to simpler gas cars. They need to focus on a synthetic fuel replacement so we can use all the existing cars already on the road.
Thats the EV SCAM , the only way to make the scam eork...keep money coming in by making the trash disposable when the battery needs replaced.
Criminal. This guy did the right thing and the dealer screwed him over a scratch. Thats bs. Prove the battery was damaged
Hahahhahahaja😂😂😂😂😂  Next time just dont buy an ev then you wont have this problem
Informative. Thanks.
Hey where can I find an electric car? Shit!
Strong reason to stick to ICE. At least they last you very long with all their weird complexity. Sometimes life is less simple with all the added complexity.   As far as the environmental reason is an argument for using EV, industries cause a lot more pollution than all cars put together.  Hoping the future tech is more simpler,  smarter and consumer friendly.
Who would buy that Korean garbage? ...oh
What a load of RUBBISH!!!! No way that scrape caused $60,000 worth of damages. They would rather you buy a complete new car instead. It's disgusting these company's can get away with scamming people with no consequences whatsoever. What a bunch of criminals.
The protection cover can be bonded to the battery pack so it's not an easy process.  This is crazy Hyundai should be ashamed of themselves.
How do these things work winter? Batteries lose efficiency  in cold temp. Now the battery has to electric heat the car interior and operate fans to defrost windows. Would the already dismal road range not even be worst in winter?
It's 100 per kw hour so that doesn't make sense.
Ridiculous
Hyundai has the worst service and warranty in the industry
electric vehicle's are just like cyber sex you're only fucking yourself 🤣
Lawyer
You could always convert it to gasoline.
This entire electric car shift is plagued with many issues and inconsistencies.  The next generation of buyers will take much of this for granted, while converting older ICE drivers will continue to be a challenge.  As far as the scam that insurance coverage has become, everyone, is held hostage to this corruption.
Hyundai or KIA is on my ban list be it ICE or EV cars. Toyota or Honda is my go to car not EV obviously, I'm totally not supporting Tesla obviously because of arrogant Elon.
I’m so tired of hearing dealership experiences ruining a consumer’s perspective of a manufacturer’s products.  There are good dealers out there, but the really bad ones stick out.
I keep my gas engine.  Battery car polute more than gasoline
Ill um...yeah stick to gas
Hyundai feed me over when I got my car from.them as well they are the worst dealerships in Canada I will never buy another Hyundai and it's to bad it was my favorite car ever a Hyundai tiburon 2003 se loved it but dealing with them and their bs scam artist the lot of them
Asian people always get screwed. My wife is japanese and always gets taken advantage of.
Sounds like the owner needs to switch insurance companies, that one is a scam too.
Buy a Toyota.
Canada: all new cars, SUVs, light trucks sold by 2035 must be zero-emission vehicles 🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡 I feel sorry for Canadians with their Tyrant government.
That sucks.
That's called Dealer's rapist mentality.
That is why you don't buy an EV  - just get a PHEV which has a smaller battery and  the battery is inside the vehicle usually.  it is stupid to put the battery on the bottom of the vehicle.  It does make the car drive better, but the risk of getting damaged is not worth it.  Imagine you drive an ICE vehicle and they put the fuel tank  on the lowest point of the vehicle.     lol
Manitoba disinfrastructure tends to rise up from our crumbling highways and smite our trucks skid plate about once every month Our heavy metal skid plates tend to deflect this crap, with the occasional dent, that can be easily rectified with a hammer and a rattle can of spray paint They'd better tank out those electric girl-mobiles before sending them our way
Kia a good company would buy that car back from ICBC and save his insurance and offer him a new car at At the same situation payment he was in before the accident at their cost
Sounds like a dealer scam.
What a scam for the people that thinks this also is great for they environment 😂
I mean we got to get some things out of the way here first... First off you have to understand that the car dealerships over the last few years and during the pandemic have really been price gouging people. Vehicles that were twice MSRP... Secondly he went to a dealership... And last but not least he bought an electric vehicle... Lol  Okay the biggest question I have is...  A new battery from the manufacturer is 60k.. and they sold the vehicle for 55k, please correct me if I'm wrong, something doesn't ADD up here.
Model 3 battery I replaced for $8,000 OTD. $60k go somewhere else!
All of these things really points to just one thing. There is a reason why Toyota is Top and one of the major reasons being their strategy with their vehicles and long term plan with the implementation of technology. And while they’re sticking with Hybrids that not only doesn’t loom the customer with range issues whilst ensuring the best of mileage, it also is the most economical strategy for the customer who simply has to shell out possibly not more than a $1,000 for the replacement of the hybrid battery at the end of it’s life. Goodbye Hyundai and your eVehicles. You Koreans always were a copycat of the Japanese, but now you’re hitting the spot with Americans far as your financial strategy goes. And trust me, you will fail terribly just like the Americans
If you have to replace the battery on an electric car the car is worthless. Auto manufacturers want you to have no choice but to buy a new car every 5 years, and to get rid of the used car market.
I wouldn’t buy another one ever.  Just a scummy way of doing business
Ev is the future 😂
If you buy trash, you gonna have trash service right? I never had and don't have any plan to have one garbage like that !!!
Well done video. Balanced and informative.
You can buy another one instead then ? what is the issue lol
I have a buddy of mine has nice used car business. He said he won't touch a used EV and believes the used EV business will be nonexistent. And he also said a junkyard he uses said they won't take junk EVs at this time anyway.
After dealing with Dealers for years, I noticed Dealers don't have the best mechanics and they learn on customer cars. Some even don't change oil properly and some provide false information. The best way to fix this is by giving them an honest review anywhere like Google Maps and reporting the issue to the manufacturing company. In Kyle case, I would take the car to another dealer and to another mechanic who specializes in EV cars for a deep inspection and a second opinion, then discuss with Hyundai Canada.
Your insurance going up by 50% for hitting something in the road 😬 that’s wild
But everyone likes to bag on Tesla, they don't charge you much more than it cost then to make the part
This is whole thing is bullshit and makes Hyundai look really bad. No way his 10 year battery warranty gets voided that easily because the battery protector gets slightly scratched. He should have hired a lawyer to push the warranty issue because Hyundai shouldn't have gotten away with this at all. Also, with lithium prices going down and batteries going down in general so no way a new battery should cost this much money. Looks bad for EVs in general.
I am a certified ASE Master Mechanic driving a 2021 Tesla Model-3. *Many EV manufacturers, Tesla included, back their batteries with an 8-10-year or 100,000-mile warranty.* _Complete failure is very rare,_ and almost always covered by the manufacturer. Tesla will even cover the battery replacement cost if charge capacity falls below 70% during the warranty period---something that's also very rare. EV batteries retain most of their charge capacity, even hundreds of thousands of miles into their lifespan. ICE manufacturers (Internal Combustion Engine) of new cars that burn gas or diesel, GM, FORD, CHRYSLER, and others, HATE the new EVs (Electric Vehicles), cutting into their profits so deep that some are closing, and others have come out with their own EV cars. Note: Elon Musk has shared most of his blueprints to help.
The dealer did a number on their customer. Smh, their invoice (3:26) list and net columns isn’t even wide enough for prices in the tens of thousands
I think it's more likely that the workshop is not interested in electric vehicles. A battery pack is designed to be crashed (while mounted in a car) into a wall at 60 km/h or into a pole at just under 30 km/h and NOT to explode (usually the battery packs can take quite a punch). And these scratches are supposed to cause an explosion? Yeah, sure....
Remember how green these cars are 😂 EVs are a total lie, they are not sustainable and are very expensive because these companies are losing money with every car sold. Just buy yourself an old Toyota and stop subscribing to the lie.
Hyundai and Kia have great long warranty as a selling point but they have worst and notorious for honoring warranty repairs.
Just drive it
EV car batteries can make you go sterile, just look at kyle
How is the 2022 EV has to replace the battery? Don't they come with any warranty?
Obviously there is a major GREED issue when they are charging 60K for the battery itself. That cost is INFLATED to say the least. What a terrible story and I feel for Kyle and it sucks that he will continue to pay the price for this with his insurance.
Something just does not make sense in the cost to replace the EV battery on this man's Hyundai EV. -The long-range Hyundai IONIQ 5 has a   77.4kWh lithium-ion polymer high-voltage battery. The quote for the replacement battery is $56,649.98 before tax.  - A Tesla X Long Range battery pack with 100kw battery is USD 13,000 +. Tesla's most expensive battery pack is USD 20,000. So that would be CDN $17,343 to CDN $26,686.  -The Tesla battery is a bigger more powerful battery pack. So how can the Hyundai less powerful battery pack cost $39,306 more than the Tesla battery?  -Hyundai must have a massive markup on their battery packs, which frankly is not justifiable.
*I was directly responsible for the closure and firing of all staff at Concord Dodge in California,* after I called Chrysler Corporation Attorney, to inform him that I had just lost my job at Concord Dodge for my unwillingness to falsify emission testing of their used car fleet, which would have been a major Federal Offence and mandatory prison time if caught.  I was both a California MVPC Licensed Emission Control Inspector and Licensed Technician.  Licensure is required by law for all persons inspecting, testing, diagnosing, and/or repairing vehicles for the purpose of certification in the Smog Check Program. I also was tested and attained the ASE Master Mechanic Certification after four years of specific training. *It is my opinion, that cheating and corruption is widespread throughout the auto sales and repair industry.*
What bs. I keep hearing these stories, il never buy an ev.
Hi!  Just want to know what car do u have there?!  Nice interior w/ pano roof!
So the battery costs $56,650, does that mean the rest of the car is essentially only costs a few bucks? Ridiculous
Electric vehicles are like iphones, once battery dies it becomes landfill. A rather toxic one at that too.
Not just hyundai or kis EV's are problematic, but gasoline cars are problems too. This fancy brand is totally not worth it at all. I experience that personally
This is the thing with petrol fueled cars - even IF your engine actually breaks (which certainly won't happen due to water or due to a rough terrain), there are tons of cheap old replacement engines to go around. And since engines live way longer than batteries, you will find a replacement engine for even a 15 year old car (I had one replaced for my mother's old car as she certainly has no interest in a new car and the old Opel engine was dirt cheap). As long as the market is not flooded with very cheap batteries, the customer ends up paying the very high bill when he needs to replace his battery, as there are no cheap batteries lying around.
Hyundai scam is to sell bettery for the same  price as the car, not checking the car properly is dealer, which is usually privately own.
this is why i wont go electric, at least not anytime soon.
Why replace a perfectly good battery?  That’s moronic...  Buying a Hyundai is moronic as well...
Electric cars are a scam to benefit ch!na's cornered market on rare earth minerals. They are selling this garbage as a 'green' fix for a fake climate crisis.
I think this dealer will lose a lot of business after this video and sales of EV vehicles will decrease!  I prefer the Toyota 4Runner, it's reliable, drives like a tank and has no problems
Another reason to by used cars for less than 10,000
Wait…so he didn’t have any issue with the car and the car didn’t say anything was wrong? Why did he worry about the scratches then? He should have just kept the car.
First of all who buys hyndia and Kia products 🙄 they can't even make a gas powered vehicle last more than 40 km why buy there ugly electric garbage
I can't really feel sorry for this guy. If it still runs, run it.  Trust the dealer?? Really? Talk about naive! I definitely would have gotten a 2nd, and 3rd opinion. When you buy these ev's, the first question you have to ask is, "how much would a battery replacement cost?" Get it in writing! I'm thinking that what he should be doing is asking what happened to his car? I think that it has been "washed" and is probably up for sale somewhere.
Hyundai also requires you to go to the dealer for unnecessary $600 service every 12k miles to maintain your warranty.  Tesla does not require this and  scratching the battery cover does not invalidate your warranty, and a replacement out of warranty is 5k-20k.
I have seen quite a few of such situations already, when dealers or owners decided to replace batteries, and got price more than a car itself. My interest to the electric cars is melting like an ice on the sun.
Sounds like bad dealers.
Ahhahhaa 😂. Probably why some Moron drinking one of those would not let me pass him in my 2010 acura Tl. He sped up... only to get smoked. Horrible looking cheaply built thing...
Legacy auto has a long history of scamming customers for decades, don't buy from stelerships, then they try to sell him another one LOL.
YAWN
Hyundai and kia reputation on propaganda and ads so its have the worst quality in all cars petrol or electric
So.. when do you think 💭  Maybe you are terribly mistaken..?? That these EV’s are  Bad idea… maybe when you’re  Locked inside.. and the P O S  Goes on fire 🔥..!! Never mind the effects on the environment from cradle to grave..!! You’re driving a HAZ-MAT..!!!
I rather walk or ride a bike for this car prices.
Remember how iPhones works and that’s how new ev cars will work
Leaving aside the price for the battery pack and how it was (not ofcourse) checked for possible damages. Can anybody explain that to me : how in the name of Nicola Tesla this piece of ******* 1.5mm plastic can be a well-constructed cover for the most expensive and valuable part of the vehicle (apart of people inside)?!?!?!?!?! DId those 'genious' who designed such a toilet paper barrier really believed this could safe battery pack from a single stone, bolt left on the road and catched at speed of 60 miles an hour? For Got sake, it is Canada - sometimes snow falls...... sometimes in winter...... yeap, it happens when you live more than 2000miles both from equator.......   Please bring v8 back on stage instead of this Barbie ass-charged sh*te
Clearly it was not engineered correctly to withstand normal usage in the real world...shocker.
The battery pack is by far the most expensive part of the EV and pretty much every EV will be mechanically totaled when it needs a replacement battery. Whether that's from a puncture, flooding, or normal usage over time, they'll all need a replacement and it will cost close to if not more than the vehicle is worth.
Stealers.
YOUR'RE GOING TO RUN INTO THIS SAME PROBLEM WITH ALL EV'S. AS SOON AS THAT BATTERY GOES OWNERS ARE GOING TO BE HIT WITH HUGE BATTERY REPLACEMENT COST FOR TESLAS AS WELL
ONLY DUMBASSES BUY EV'S
i prefer ICE 🧊
IM GLAD I WOULD NEVER BUY AN ASIAN CAR OR ANYTHING THAT IS DESIGNED BY ASIANS
Don’t buy a regular Hyundai, and definatley don’t buy a EV Hyundai
I think Hyundai is pulling the wool. This is the norm.. any "appearance of battery damage" will deem a write off. Insurance rises and these cost increases are and will be covered by ICE customers.... HOT TIP, DON'T BUY INTO IT
I would advise him to buy a gas car.
Thank you for the very objective and clear presentation of this case!!! Clearly, if EV manufacturers do NOT make battery packs repairable, this VERY REAL situation will make electric vehicles a memory as “what a bad idea” category of transportation.  This is a very real problem I may face in the future for road hazards THAT HAPPEN here in Upstate NY. If EV makers don’t get out in front of this problem, EVs are done, b/c dealers and insurance companies WILL do this exact ‘dance’ by standard procedure. If this void warranty / total vehicle two-step doesn’t stop immediately, EVs will die from all of: 1. Lawsuits, subsequent 2. Legislation        and 3. The very reasonable unwillingness of the consumer to get involved because of the risk and headache of dealing with the problem. Thank you again!
They are doing this on purpose.. They are trying to make all cars disposable.. It is much better for business if people have to keep buying new...
NEVER BUYING AN ELECTRIC CAR EVER
Stop all that EV and stupidity of GREEN.  In CANADA 🇨🇦 there's not enough public EV chargers infrastructures and EV maintenance or repair facilities.  Especially once you move away the biggest cities of Canada. (Toronto) It's not worth the initial investment expense, the hassle of lacking competition in the EV maintenance service with high cost, and inconvenience. ICE engine is still the BEST.  Lastly, free up the flow of CANADA's oil and gas ⛽️, eliminating the stupid taxes that artificially makes oil and gas expensive for slowing the affordable price to the consumers and all sectors of businesses from coast to coast would make Canada great again.
Seems like this battery is a very dangerous object and nobody wants to take such responsibility.
I was considering an Ionic 5 for 2024. This unfortunately puts a big stop on the intention of purchasing this rather expensive car.
I drive a gas car to save money on batteries.
ICE for the foreseeable future.
Tesla, you are not dealing with dealership. You will be dealing with Tesla. Replacement battery after 5 year warranty is $12000.00 USD.
The lesson here is not to buy Hyundai and not to buy electric vehicles.
Also, God bless the early adopters of new technology they take all the brunt of the expense and learning curves
Hybrids are still king.
The dealers have a long way to go to earn back the trust of many folks. I haven’t taken my car brand new cars that I buy the dealer once not even for the first oil change, I learned to do the oil changes myself and I always give the middle finger to the dealers. You sold me the car you are done I do not need you anymore because you suck.
Sorry, BUT this information disqualifies an EV from the get-go if you are not willing to blindly follow ideology or earn 7 figures a year. If the battery makes up 90% of the cars value and is worn out after 8 years anyhow, even without such a ridiculous warrenty case ... that all makes no economical sense. Don't come around the corner now with saving the planet. The planet is just fine. Humanity might be screwed, but not the planet. As long as you do not charge your car with PV its very questionable if an EV is any better than an ICB anyhow!
This is fake.
A quick Google says $12‐$15k to replace.  It'll still be a claim on insurance but that's another story on insurance companies greed.  It might be cheaper to have it repaired in the U.S.  if they live close to the border.  I replaced a windshield through insurance and now pay $800 a year more in insurance. Good luck
This vehicle will go to auction, get sold, and wind up on a used car lot with absolutely no repairs whatsoever.
I want to see what it should look like not damaged (the port hole).
I want to see what it should look like not damaged (the port hole).
Should of bought a Tesla.
Do not buy ev.
This is why I don't drive an EV.
But electric cars are the future.  🙄 No thanks.  I've never had to replace an engine due to a scratch on the bottom of the oil pan. I'll keep my internal combustion engine car.
And this is why I’m not down with EVs yet.
If your dumb enough to buy electric......you get what you get, 😂😂😂
I must be missing something here, at 3.30 and 6.45 it shows the invoice with the battery at 6649.98 and labour at 1599.50 in the list and net section, so where does the 50,000 come from! Did they add the customers telephone number when adding it up?
EVs, never once.
My wife and I are dealing with Honda in this same vein, they have faulty AC system in their older models and when you take it in to have them honor the extended warranty/recall they try to tell you you’ve damaged other parts around it so they aren’t liable for replacement. Needless to say they’ll be replacing it, another mechanic called BS on their ‘prognosis’.
Hyundai's and kia's are the most sued car companies right now. How do you think they pay for all them lawsuits. Overpriced parts!
I swear…99% of EVs are bought by Asian people. Any reason why they won’t buy a 5 year old used good old American truck?
At 1.3 million views as I am watching this Hyundai better damn well hope they get better policies. If that PR person was worth a flip they would have Kyle in a replacement EV at their expense.
That corporate response is really AI generated 😂
S-o i watch half of video and u did not and answer if the car still works. very profesional .
Stealership ripping off their customers. The price of the Battery is $6650. Labor cost $1600. $51K is theft from the dealership.
Looks like they added an extra digit to the price of part for battery. Listed at 5k for part but total says 50k
Why replce ??
A battery should never cost that much, that's the downside of electric cars. That's ridiculous
Yet people are still buying these electric 💩 piles.... F.y.i. electric cars are in no way better to own than gas car ! Infact gas cars are better for the environment than electric!!!!! The whole electric car movement is a complete scam
EV batteries are one of the most unethical probelms with ev. Not talking about stealerships. Talking about the cobalt mining
It seems to me they want the owner to trade in for a new car, and then they can replace the battery in the used car for way less than what they quoted you for and sell it to another driver.
Ok Kyle, we don’t need your comments; we can’t understand brother.’ Gave us a headache
This is why Tesla has it right. No dealerships! You are working with Tesla directly. Dealerships are NOT there to protect the customer, they are there to make the most money.
This is proof 😂 that these cars are NOT PRACTICAL TO OWN.....JUST LIKE A Ferrari or Lamborghini......SAME THING....WHEN YOU FIND OUT THAT A BREAK JOB COST $$$$$AS MUCH AS A USED CAR?
This is the usual sensationalist garbage about EVs. The Ionic 5 comes with a 10 year/100,000 mile warranty on the battery. After that point the chances of your battery outright failing are very slim. Very likely to get 200,000 miles before running into issues. However, the battery is by far the most expensive component. The idea that it costs more than the car new to replace just isn't surprising though. Every battery made by the manufacturer they want to put in a new ev so they can sell it. It's additional labor to put a new battery in that you ALSO paid for to get your first battery. It's going to be like this for the foreseeable future. If you want this to change support right to repair and third party battery manufacturers and or standardized ev batteries. In the mean time evs are still a good value but you have to factor in a slim chance your car could end up totaled after 8 years. There is insurance products that cover this as well.
The warrantee of the battery is only 12 months?  Perhaps that should feature large on their advertising.
lol the logic ...... here it comes to straighten up gullible people, the risk of the EV  randomly burning to scrap metal ( because there are many cases they catch fire sitting in the garage and obviously unattended ) did not even entered into this discussion , omfg, so guess what theres a reason combustion engines worked for so long since they were built and used, replacing horses as means of individual , personal transportation
EV owners really think they are producing less CO2? They don't care how was their vehicles, batteries manufactured? Where will their batteries end up when damaged or dead?
It looks like he hit it harder than what it looks.  From a car guy. Something’s might not look bad, but frames get bent easily. That cover is think sheet of metal.
7500 for the Chevrolet bolt battery I’ve 300.000 right now on mine And going strong
The problem for the owner is that he will be held liable if he continues to drive the car.  If the car burns down and 6 other cars and a garage are destroyed, then the owner will be completely screwed. It would have been better in an independent workshop with electric car experience to remove the protective cover and  check whether there was any mechanical contact with the battery at all, then you could have done an electronic check and everything would be fine.
Hyundai's notably anti-consumer practice caused all of this. They let their dealers run managed and now their former customer is damaged financially in the form of his increased insurance rates. Kyle should contact an attorney.
The average US driver needs to get about 40 miles. Free charging is everywhere. There's no reason a car needs a $60,000 battery.
This is a dealer ripping a naive owner off.  This wouldn’t happen with a Tesla because there are no independently owned Tesla dealers, every Tesla “dealer” is a store. A total battery replacement for a Tesla is $12K to $18K depending on model,  out of warranty. To charge someone the cost of the car for just the battery is ludicrous and criminal.
Who would buy a POS Hyundai?  One of most easily-stolen cars made
This is extortion. It's obvious that the dealer is not in good faith on this matter. That's why Hyundai wants to get in charge.
BC Dealers Association. It’s that simple. Go to them. It’s the law.
just buy a tesla and skip dealerships all together. tesla does not sell their vehicles through any dealers at all, it's all direct sales.
The parts cost is inflated by OEM, actual cost about 20%. Development cost is in initial purchase only. Those are facts, not my opinion.
This is just one of many dirty secrets about EVs that rabid environmentalists, politicians and manufacturers don’t want gullible buyers asking. Hyundai’s pscycho-babble response typifies the idiocy that is pervasive in the EV world.
If they don't total it, and that battery implodes on itself. Hyun would be sued for not taking the vehicle off the road. Hyundai and genesis are separated for a reason. They didn't and don't want Genesis customers, hear Hyundai customers complain about prices. 7:18 carbon foot print jargon. A battery is designed to hold power, not create it... you need an motor or engine for that. Ev sheep need to realize, You still gotta burn coal, to get to that source of power.
rule is simple: don't buy crap and expect good quality
Hello. Logic tells you that buying an electric car to keep over 3 years does not make any sense. This is why leasing an electric car for 3 years is the way to go where the battery is 100% covered. I have leased 4 different hybrid cars with great results and saving a lot of money in gas. All four leases were for three years and never had to worry about the battery.
Stuff like this will impact Hyundai so badly. Dumb dealer....
Lol this guy got scammed from dealership. They try to do that all the time no matter what company. Their business model is to make lesser profit on selling new car and instead of scamming you in service. Just go to a different one.   And if his car is running fine why even take that battery replacement quote seriously ? Just tear that quote and go on with life. Unless I'm missing something.
Knew this before this happened...its the viper under the carpet... Buy an hybrid, the battery is much smaller and cheaper...
Still nice from Hyundai to design the best VW Golf.
I've never had to go to a mechanic and have a £60,000 bill for repairs to my petrol engine. If people really think EV's are the future then good luck.
To be fair the mechanics don't know a thing about the battery and have no knowledge about what sort of damage is negligeable.  At the end it was his choice to keep driving as it is or take the insurance money. That's no different from EV or ICV.
definitely not going near a Tesla and now Hyundai's
Hyundai made a shity cars, with ice or EV, would never buy any, and after this story 100% banned brand for me.
All of these batteries will need replacement after 10-12 years. They are replacement parts by design. Milage plays a role but no batteriy is immune to ageing. As soon as this happens in larger numbers the used car market for EVs will collapse and subsequently the new market aswell. Used EVs are basically a ponzi scheme and the last buyer WILL bite the dust.
Kyle needs to keep driving the car and leave it in the middle of SanFran Cali and  magically bye!
Guess not buying a Ioniq now
I don't think average dealers are equipped to deal with these issues quite yet for EVs. Even though manufacturers are making good EVs it's still a massive risk to buy a non Tesla right now.
Thanks for bringing this story and others alike to light! You guys are doing the public a great service. Subscriber added!  One thing to keep in mind when dealing with dealerships and insurance, for the most part you'll being dealing with individuals and not a group of people making the decisions. For an insurance company to say that his insurance will jump 50% after making the claim is, in my opinion, is blackmail and should be viewed as such by the courts!   Many watching stories like this may decide not to disclose that they may have damaged the underside of the car in fear of the costs.
Protection cover?? Did it's job as designed right?? I am sorry, but if there was no other hard evidence to prove the battery was really damaged, then basically this stinks of fraudulent activity. The young man got completely done over, I feel bad for him. As for the price of the replacement battery, I am sort of not surprised, but just adds to my total lack of interest in buying an EV at this time. Hopefully in 10-years time, the situation will have improved.
I have a Hyundai story from 1997. My wife, before we married had bought a Hyundai Excel in 1994. We married in 1997. In 1997 while driving to work the transmission failed, luckily the Hyundai dealership was very close, so she limped the car into their service department. They told her that the car was just outside its 3 year warranty by 3 months and to replace the transmission would cost $5600. The car had cost her $21000 so basically a third of the entire cost of a new vehicle. My wife rang me at work and was very upset, i told her not to worry and I made an appointment with the dealer principal. When we met him i told him that I had replaced a number of transmissions on General Motor Holden cars over my driving life time and none had cost a third of the vehicle cost. He had a conference with his staff and came back with an offer to replace the transmission for $1900, with a 12 month warranty. He said as the car was only 3 months out of its warranty this was a good will gesture on their part. We accepted the deal. A few months later I heard through my service mechanic that the transmissions in the Excel model had a very high fail rate but Hyundai had not done a recall. So it was a common problem. We sold the car soon after and I persuaded my wife to buy a Toyota, like myself and she had another 20 years trouble free motoring, with several different Toyota models, a Camry and a Kluger. I have owned over the years a Corolla, a Camry Wagon , a Camry sedan and currently own a Kluger. I wouldn't take a Hyundai of any model as a free prize in a raffle.
wow -  that is insane. Great video on the situation. Really feel for the owner, Kyle. I guess EV's arent cracked up as they are talked up to be. Might be worth waiting it out before considering a EV.
"he had trust in the dealership"... first mistake.   This whole story sounds like a huge scam.
If the battery itself isnt damaged the cover should be replaced and thats it. As for insurance they should take the damage itself into account its not a hit its road damage that should be considered unavoidable and from normal use ie not impact his insurance. More so since every gov is pushing EVs
Thanks think I'll stick to normal cars and avoid Hyundai going forward.
Well it makes sense. It will drive in Poland/Ukraine after copart auction.
So if I understand correctly the battery still worked, he could have continued driving it, but since the mechanic saw the exterior damage he decided the warranty is void and it's over? But the car WORKS, doesn't it?
In this case of dealerships and insuarances - just better buy EV's manufactured in China - as prices over there almost 2xtimes cheaper compare to North American market.
1:48 What in the world is the point of a battery protection cover if it can't protect the battery.  Someone needs to take them to freaking court over this, its insane!
Fuck EVs, seriously. Hybrid FTW!
What is the dealer cost of replacing the fuel tank in a comparable gasoline powered vehicle? This needs to be on every media outlet "consumer watchdog" news segment throughout the Americas.  It's an irrefutable argument that Hyundai's electric vehicles are not ready for marker and the best possible reason to boycott all electric vehicles and all Hyundai-Kia vehicles regardless of power system.
So glad I did not buy a Hyundai. It came down to an Ionic 5 or Model Y.  Really happy with my decision to go Tesla especially after seeing this.
A battery for that car is about $5800 including installation. The dealer is lying they asses off.
Battery costs 120-150USD per kW
Simple.  Do not buy electric vehicles
This sounds absolutely insane. How does something that isn't your fault effect your record.
EVs do not save money on fuel. For every 300 to 400 miles you put on an EV, you should put in a savings account the amount of money you would have spent on fuel. Save that until you have the savings to buy a new battery. EV's have ZERO trade in value as far as I'm concerned. Any EV being sold used should be assumed to need a new battery pack
Bottom Line ... do NOT buy a Hyundai EV. It doesn't matter at all, what the final outcome of this incident will be and what changes they make to their policies. Just think about your battery being really damaged and you need to fork out more for a new battery, than you have paid for your new car a year ago. Nothing else has to be said. Wether your insurance company covers this or not - this is not getting any better. It is completely mad, if a new car is worth less, than its replacement battery. Stay away from such a company as far as you can.
Shitty dealer should just inspect the battery and if needed refurbish it, fix the cover, done. $200,-
the real cost of owning an EV you dont save anything, not even the environment
That response sounds very gpt like
It is obviously a scam.
What surprises me is that somebody would spend this much on a car and not already of known that it was going to cost that much.
Battery 20000, workhours 40000 😂
EVs are a cash grab. They are pointless and rubbish. EVs do not protect the environment. If you have ever been to a mine and seen mining operations you will NEVER think an EV is any safer to the environment than an ICE engine.. and EVs use coal powered electricity to drive around and be pompus
Damn, she's hot!
This is yet another reason not to get sucked into the battery toy car con.
Just from the difference in energy required and the emissions resulting from the production of an EV, I can drive at least 10 years in my 11 year old Ford Mustang. And that is excluding any high cost and environmental impact repairs and the far from green sources of electricity used to power the average EV.
Sounds like Kyle should have gotten a Tesla
The part is 6,649. 98 and labour is 1,599.50 so how do they get the price to 56,649.98 an extra 50,000sounds like a ripoff
This is how you clean and save the planet earth 🌍 😂
Just stay always from electric cars. Simple
People wasting money on EV vehicles can afford it. Like, who buys a Hyundai anyway>? worse resale value beside Kia.
All electric vehicles are trash and a scam.
Screw Canada and Canadians 😂😂
It's a scam, 😂 seriously 😐 Lamborghini doesn't cost nowhere close to it 😂😂😂 it's a scam.
I’ve dealt with building fires, and it is often cheaper after a fire to simply replace all the wiring instead of spending time to figure out where the problem may be and fixing that small problem. Since the EV batteries are a single unit constituting of many different little batteries, it could be easier and cheaper to simple replace the entire battery than figure out what part of the battery is damaged.   No one that knows electrical systems will give you a 100% assurance that even an impacted battery may not be a future problem that would open a company up to severe liability if indeed there was a problem. There is no way of knowing that without spending large sums of money to find out.   This is the dirty little secret about EVs that few want to discuss. These batteries are integral to the structure of the car, therefore battery damage can be equivalent to bending the frame of a car. You can indeed fix a bent frame, but it would be more expensive than a new car.
I drive a 2012 Hyundai. Paid 8k new. Some garages sell it over 3k (eek!). I guess the ioniq drivers want it 😅
so you have a battery cover to protect the battery, but the battery needs to be replaced if the protective cover is damaged. Make it make sense
Imagine a Mercedes or others
Haaaa,Insurance will never cover,but they are Millionaire,rrrarar
EV suckers going to be suckers .
I thought this was click bait but no it's as real as it gets, that battery cover is garbage
Dude is that your wife ???!? She is beautiful!! Wow goood for you.
If the battery was impacted and there is any damage to a cell (no way to know without disassembling the battery pack and the dealership wouldn't have trained mechanics to do that), it becomes a HUGE fire hazard. This is why they have to just replace it. The dealer will probably send the battery back to Hyundai for it to be "rebuilt". They will replace any damaged cells and then sell it as "rebuilt".
Well ….. I barely feel like charging my phone, to even think about charging a car …… imagine having a very important meeting and finding out your car is dead and need to be charged 😂……..
Welcome to the wonderful world of EV
These are the things that your not told about when buying electric. Their carbon footprint is no less, maybe even more, than the price of buying and  running a petrol or diesel.
As a retired Automotive Master Technician I see all electric car is a wet Dream and not viable in the future not to mention the Electric increase at your home to charge these car’s will out weight the cost of gasoline not to mention the availability of charging station’s that are far and few between. Plus who wants to sit in there car for hour’s to charge your car when you are on a trip. So let’s say your trip that was going to take 12 hours to get you where you want to go will take 24 hour’s or more with charge cycle’s. I know when my kids where little they would never stand to be in a car for so long and me and my wife would be pulling our hair out with the kids moaning and groaning about are we there yet. 😳🙄Go with a Hybrid you will still save money but you won’t be in a situation where you have to stop every 400 to 600 miles to spend hour’s charging your car when you can just stop at a gas station and spend 10 mins fueling the car up and back on the road you go.
Ev??( No rather have a frontal lobotomy
Two mistakes..bought a Hyundai…second, bought a battery powered car…when all you morons get it figured out let me know
So the current problem with evs is that the government is providing subsidies to car manufacturers to put evs on the market, majority of these company would be in debt serverly if they sold them at their current price without goverment subsidies. That 55k ioniq without government help to Jumpstart ev's is looking more around 70-75k hence why the battery replacement is 60k
I NEVER support manufacturers that act like this NEVER.  What this means is I make sure my entire family is aware of this behavior by Hyundai and NON of my family would now even think of buying a new Hyundai.
What did i miss.what was wrong with his vehicle?
He's a local guy but I guys aren't Canadian? This video is riddled with bullshit
Ev cars are the biggest scam ever. This is the era of stupid
The reality of the story is that the car is fine and he should just keep driving.
Thanks for explaining this to all us idiot Americans I never would have known what to think otherwise.
Just wait till EV owners wake up to the reality of the cost involved to replace these batteries at the end of its life cycle. No thank you, I will stick to my internal combustion engine.
Moral of the story:  Don't buy an EV.
There should be new standards for battery's.   It should be replaced in same time as it takes to fill up the tank.
Note to self forget buying an ev
Absolutely sick, even completely crazy that you partly buy an electric car to be kind to the environment, then they will scrap a car that is a year old and probably nothing wrong with it.
I'd have had a look myself before heading to the garage. In this case would have just ignored and carried on driving! It honestly would have been totally fine that was a pointless repair! Worst case it would have caught fire then insurance would have paid up and nobody would be the wiser😂
So he got double screwed. Hyundai and ICBC. Moral of the story don't be taken for a ride. Take your ride to another dealership or private shop. do not fold!
Real green, throw it away and get a new one. Waste to the max. Battery is fine
Wow , opel astra with hunday badge !!!! Shame on you koreans , the design is so stolen !
I didn't think that anyone's taken advantage of a very pleasant and unassuming young man here, not for one minute....
Sorry but buying any electric car is a suckers choice. Lease it. These companies are taking the piss. Selling the idea to everyone about doing their bit to save the planet and then abandoning one in need. I have spent a lot of time summing up should I buy an electric car or not. NOT is the answer. I even had solar panels fitted ready. I had an eco gas boiler fitted only to discover that was the wrong choice. £3000. Ground source heat pump £18000. NO. We were all told a few years ago diesel vehicles are the way forward which has left me with a £60 a month Vehicle Motor Tax bill. Why because it is a Discovery 4 Land Rover. I had the best security system fitted so the vehicle can't be driven away by a would be thief. Now there is a spate of this type of vehicle thefts happening here in the UK and guess what my car insurance has gone from £300 to £686 a year all because the manufacturers don't put this security system in their vehicles and then when the ignorant punters purchase their £120k car and think it won't happen to me, no one will steel my new vehicle. £120k V's £500 GHOST security system. Wtf.
All corporate businesses along with their lawyers and risk assessors walk all over humanity. The little people literally get crushed. We have trapped ourselves in a world of greed and deceit. Enjoy!
Save the planet, buy an EV. Lower emissions, and your bank account. What a scam!
EVs are a massive con and they do the exact opposite of what they are intended to do. They polute by proxy and they ruin the environment through strip mining for raw materials often using child labour in really awful conditions.
Just watch insurance fraud go through the roof, people burning their cars and claim battery fire
Haha fools and their money.
Kyle seemed very young to be buying a $55000 car, and to suggest you want to save money by buying a $55k car is nuts. If you a very nice used $30k ICE car how much gas have you got to put in it before you've saved money? And if you want to save the planet, just keep an old car going longer than 20 years. I think that in 20 years EV cars will be finished.
He is debating for another EV? Crazy!!! Get a Mazda and be happy
😂 enjoy your electric toys….  So what happens to that old battery…. Oh yea land fill.  Wake up people.
Keeping my petrol car with love 😉💝
I would definitely replace it with a gas vehicle
I think the dealership is covering themselves incase  a battery has a hairline fracture, if it does catch fire then their scared of being held liable! Would you feel confident driving the car? Just don’t fall for the EV nonsense!
You could likely retrofit a gas powered engine in that car for less than $20k
I'll keep my petrol cars for ever.
Thats what you get when you believe too much of the EV vehicle. 😂😂. Lack of research and knowledge equals high costs.
Since worst cant get after being warranty void, 2nd step would be to go to a proper mechanic and analyze the battery. If it turned out to be fine , lawsuit Why he doest that it blows my mind.
...world's most expensive disposable item, the EV. Genius way to save the environment...!
We all make choices. If you choose to be a first adopter, then you will deal with new products nonsense.
Excellent and informative video. You did a perfect job of highlighting the problem without hanging anybody out. Well done. 😊 You've got a new subscriber. 👍
Hyundai, what do you expect?
Garage tries to rip someone off shocking absolutely no one.
They royally took advantage of the poor guy. That´s the bottom line.
It's Hyundai. They'll try to do whatever they can to try and void your warranty
Super cheap auto ,  same battery   $150
Kyle a rich Korean Kid ? Now this makes sence
Really making a case for electric vehicles, as it stands there is 0 chance i will be switching anytime soon
Sounds super environmentally friendly
Battery cars are such trash
ICBC are criminals, BC is socialist communism .. you cant even buy insurance elcewhere
250$ per kWh. More is bullshit. In this case max 10000$. Only because the manufactures we're unable to scale right, they RIP of customers. Netherthe less i would go to a lawyer and get an Independent Specialist and sie hyundai.
he looks like an elec car buyer
lol you really dont need to replace the battery or make any repairs unless your battery safety fuse is blown 😅
That's what happens when you sell a bomb with 4 wheels.
As  Al  Capone stated all those years ago; there`s a sucker born every minute.  EV`s are a fad, and they are already on the nose.
Hyuandai is lying they are just upset that the price of the battery was shared. Now people will think twice about buying EV.
Look at all the energy that was saved. 😂
Another reason I won’t buy a Hyundai or KIA
He got bamboozled
Dont buy ev  it is not worth.
Like everything else in this rip off world! Run away from all the BS. You'll never get satisfaction from the manufacturer or the criminal dealerships.
Who paying 60k for a damn hyundie
Ain't no fantas this guy did buy a Kia so I think he probably deserves everything he gets but $60,000 to replace a battery on a car costing $56,000 that's insanity. Anybody who goes and buys an Ev knowing all of this deserves everything they get horrendous depreciation horrendous charging costs well outside the house and if they do charge the car in there garage they stand a good possibility that if the car does go up in flames they will have about 5 minutes to evacuate. Buried in mind both people are asleep when they're cars are charging in their garage that means that they have to go from sleep to fully evacuation in under 5 minutes that is not easy. Would you charge your electric vehicle in your garage if you have children sleeping in your house. I think not
It's just the dealer giving a ridiculous price because they rather sell you a new one. This has been done before and other repair shops can do it pennys on the dollar.
Unfortunately these type of stories are what keeps me away from EVs. I need to buy a another car, and I'm not going EV to be the Gen 1 driver, just don't have the funds to navigate through these type of issues. I'll be a Gen 3+ driver.
I 100% wouldn't buy another EV after this, just get efficient modern petrol.
So your batteries on a second hand EV cost more than the value of the car which makes the car negative value think about that before you buy an EV. Also remember that you have to pay a very high insurance price incredibly high prices at the charge station suffer incredible depreciation over twice as much as a ice engine car and for what benefit because it certainly not green that's for sure You have to do 120,000 miles in an EV before it even compares to a brand new nice car How can that be green or environmentally friendly. Elon musk pulled the wool over everyone's eyes the whole electric car movement is a scam
Its all logical since its a scam from the beginning. I have a merc clk350 i bought new in 2007 in a perfect condition. 16 years old. I would have bought and finished two evs during this time.  And you try to tell me that a production of two evs plus all the coal plants produci g electricity for it emits less poison than just burning gas for that time? Good luck selling to morons your scam. Even if I was an uber green person (I am sympathetic for the cause nonetheless) I am not a dumbo and can add and subtract. Unless we have a working fusion power and efficient hydrogen production EV are more evil than IC. Prove to me otherwise.
Moral of the story: stop buying EVs people. These people are forcing us to buy this garbage meanwhile making them unaffordable and expensive.
Unfortunately more and more good cars go for EV options
This is what i've suspected a long time. Since battery tech evolves with better range and longevity it will mean that old evs will devalue far quicker than ice cars. Because it will be cheaper to replace the whole product than to refurbish evs will become like all other consumer electronics - disposable e-waste. Not exactly a great environmental solution.
You should never trust the dealership on what they tell you, my advice to this guy? Next time, don't buy a Hyundai, and 2, keep driving the car. There's nothing wrong with it, and you're not obligated in the slightest to fix a $60,000 battery over a scratch to the cover. 🤦🏻‍♂️ Cmon dude this is common sense.
This is one more reason  why people are sitting on the sideline.
Moral of the situation: EV may turn into a single use product like one of those travel razors. You use it then you throw it away.  The future will be electric (some people say) but full of scrap (vehicles that cannot be repaired at a fair cost).🤦‍♂️ How nice.
Still a lot of growing pains for EVs that need to be resolved. And the single biggest hurdle by far, is the batteries... We need cheaper, cleaner (to manufacture) and more reliable battery solutions! These Li-Ion batteries are a liability in each and every electric car today, whether the battery has been impacted or not. And how many of these cases actually get reported? How many cars are driving around that had their battery impacted in one way or another and we don't know about it, even the owners don't know about it?  Li-Ion batteries are extremely dirty and expensive to manufacture and they all have a dangerously high combustion risk... It's NOT a very good solution for EVs.  I love the idea of EVs, but their current battery technology is a disaster waiting to happen.  We've seen petrol driven Land-Rover Discoverys and Ford Kugas go up in flames. It is far more scary watching a Li-Ion battery car burn up.  Better battery solution technologies do exist, but because of the already huge investments made into producing more Li-Ion Batteries the battery manufacturers are not keen to switch. Also the additional cost to switch and re-tool the factories in order to produce these improved batteries seem prohibitive, but could be more cost effective in the long run, yet no-one looks in the long term anymore. Everyone wants to make as much money as they can, today.  Also, if Lithium mines have to reduce production, many will become unprofitable rather quickly. Lithium prices have to remain high for most of the mines to remain economically viable. It's become a vicious circle which is very difficult to just turn away from.
can buy a whole used ionic 5 with low miles for half the price of the battery.
I'm on a waitlist for an Ioniq 5 and just the price of the battery part alone is enough for me to seriously reconsider an EV at all.
I think there will be huge problems in the future without a common form factor of battery.  In several years when the parts are no longer in production you're just screwed.
@12:15 first - buy a Tesla :D
If it was like you say a protection cover it doesn’t actually protect so not fit for purpose
people gave tesla shit about a 24k battery
Your first mistake was not buying a Tesla
Moral of the story - Dont buy Hyundai and dont do business with Hyundai dealership.....Problem solved.
We have an ionic and would never actually buy one because of this.  What’s weird is our insurance costs a third of what our bmw 335d is work that out
Sorry knowing much about how tesla deals with this problems this hear sounds like a kluster fuck😂 and big problems on Hyundai side   Tesla has a titanium plate at the front of the battery deflecting objects.   Having a battery that costs the manufacture as much as the sales price of the car, one knows how much profit they make with the car 😂
Once an EV is out of warranty- it is worthless.   EVs have some advantages, but some bigger disadvantages.  Good luck if you buy one.
Is idiot Jason Bateman going to help pay for that cost telling you to buy this product
Sounds like a new kind of insurance scam. The insurance company will offer a small amount then take the car and break it down for parts. They will get way more for the parts of the car. The insurance company never looses. And on top they will increase the insurance. This will become more of a problem all over the world in the years to come. Especially once the cars start to age.
Dealers have always been scammers and EVs are a scam too...no wonder Toyota hasnt invested in EVs and rather focussing on alternative fuels
Congrats on the clickbait bullshit video.
I love the way that car looks when i see one on the road but when u hear how much to replace that battery im glad my truck is still running like its new no way im getting an ev ill be in debt for ever
Jesus. Just get rid of the car and buy used
So this is completely messed up story, if they are going to now make off road SUV's, Hummers and F150's etc, and you can't really get off road or it may coat $50K plus to repair battery damage. what is the point. Stick with gas powered vehicles
6:44  I'm confused. It show's list price as ~$6,650, how is that 56k?
The 3 big rules when buying an EV - 1. Dont buy one in the first place 2. If you do buy one, get rid of it when it doesn't hold its charge as much or start's to act funny.  3.  Park it at the end of the driveway in case it catches fire.  They are fun to drive, but if you are trying to save money, run!
Based on the photo showing the scratch, I could tell the owner did something stupid with his car. I'm not siding with hyundai or dealership. I'm a mechanic. I've seen tons of cases like this. People in general don't take  care of their cars, and drive recklessly. If something gets wrong with their cars, the first thing they do is call it lemon and blame the companies. The majority of people are acting like this for real.
Do not buy a ev.
A dirty little secret in the car business is that spare parts are marked up over 5 times what they cost in the original car.  Buying all the parts the car is made of will run you $300,000 for a $60,000 car. The actual battery only costs the maker about $12K, but they mark it up to $60K to sell it as a spare.
I was considering buying fleet of ioniq 5 for field employees.  After seeing this I’ll go Tesla route…
hell no
Glad to hear that ! Hope he will pay 100.000 , a real ecological person must do that 😅
I am telling it since the begginning of damn EV's : maximum lifespan of battery is about 6 years. After that replacing it is not payable and 6 years old car ended at scrap. Ecologic my ass !😡
ALL electric cars SHOULD have generic batteries that are "SWAP AND GO" in their nature.  You pull up to a gas station, where multiple batteries are charged. A machine opens the bottomof the car, automatacly removes the battery and replaces it with a fully charged battery. This is the only way forward on the electric car. The battery supply company should manage the quality of its own batteries.  EVERYONE should demand this system be implementd IMMEDIATELY by way of GOVERNMENT LEGISLATURE!
I just want to give a little insight to how it works at a dealership. I’m an Audi technician, I am also HVT certified meaning I work on EVs. Warranty only covers parts replacement on parts that have failed prematurely due to manufacture quality. When we replace parts under warranty Audi’s head quarters in Germany then takes those parts back and test them to ensure we in fact did replace failed parts. In this case if the dealer would have replaced the battery under warranty when Hyundai asks for the battery pack back and they see an outside influence (the damage from the customer hitting somthing in the road) the claim would have been kicked back and the dealer would be responsible for the $60,000 battery. It is not Hyundais or the dealer’s responsibility to replace parts damaged due to outside influence. You also said that why didn’t the dealer take battery pack out to inspect it. Idk if y’all understand how technicians get paid but we get paid flag hours not hourly. Who would pay the technician to remove the battery pack? Warranty would not. The customer wouldn’t pay to remove the battery pack because they can’t afford to replace the battery in the first place. Also not to mention the time to replace any part under warranty is awful on most jobs and almost undoable. When a customer pays for a part replacement the technician gets paid the correct amount of hours to complete the job
Hyundai may not of  had to pay for this repair, but I'll tell you what, that's a short term gain long term loss. Despite all the engine problems they have had in the past, the ionic 5 was on my list, its off the list now.
Easy, don't buy Hyunadi or KIA EV. Honestly Kyle acts pretty chill among all these, good for him. Hyundai should just give him a EV for free, it's extremely bad PR for them now
F DEALERS
Thank you for sharing this experience. I'm in Australia and was contemplating getting an electric vehicle. Now, I'll steer clear of Hyundai and inform my friends about this.
Do NOT buy an EV, there is nothing "green" in this scam with EV and Co2, try to look a little at the places where they mine the cobalt that is used in these batteries, these places are totally ruined for time and eternity.. Too many electric cars drive around with a guilty conscience, because the car's batteries are often filled with cobalt. The biggest problem with cobalt is probably that around 60 percent of the world's cobalt is extracted in mines in DR Congo, where working with the raw material is in many cases deeply problematic.
Another reason I’ll never buy an EV anytime soon …. Too many unknown variables and policies.
I guess I'll never buy a car from a dealership.   I think the only EV that sells direct is Tesla.    Dealerships and going to kill EV sales very quickly with stories like this.     So sad for This EV Manufacturer having a 3rd party dealership not caring about future sales.
Hyundai scam
Electric cars are a complete failure in every way! Maybe it works for city folks on the coast! Rest of Canada NOPE cold weather causes major defaults! Plus the cost to charge is crazy and the damage to the environment in mining for the minerals and also disposing of the battery is extremely bad for the environment
Wow, that will deter me to buy an EV as most of the battery pack is mounted at the bottom of the car.
Never buy a Hyundai guys
Its hyundai, what did you expect?
EV's are snake oil
No offense but the owner of the car handle the situation badly. The fact that they would even considered asking me to buying another one at a discount.  wow crazy
Hyundai are shit cars. My 3 year old kona that I owned from New was a complete lemon with endless problems. I sold it and bought a 12 year old Toyota that is in far better condition and still looks great. A 12 year old Toyota is still better than a new Hyundai.
Hyundai Suk b@lI
I was just talking about this to my wife. In a few short years we are going to have a HUGE problem with EVs that become throw-away vehicles; cars with bad batteries that no one wants to fix. But more than that, the cost of disposing of the battery itself could make the vehicles into liabilities, meaning that the owners will have to pay to have the car scrapped.
EVs are dumb
Hahahaha... buy electric
Expect insurance prices to explode
Typical ev owner he damages it himself not covered by the way and thinks Hyundai should give him a new battery or a car? EV owners are all the same
Last summer when my car broke in the middle of nowhere I spent half a day waiting for a platform to take it. The platform's driver told me I was lucky I didn't have an electric car, because no platform driver would want to lift one. When I asked why is that, he told me the 2 reasons : ---(1) ... If the electric  car gets scratched, we are both screwed 😆 And ---(2)---  The electric cars generally weigh over 2 tons, and can damage the platform When I asked what an electric car's driver coukd do if left stranded at the side of the road, he told me there are special platforms tht  need to be far sturdier and with special lifting devices, however they charge almost double the price 😅  The end answer..... Avoid buying electric cars 😄.... What you don't pay in gas, you pay way more  extra through value loss and events like this. A gas car you can always sell second-hand to recover some of the money spent on it....A 7-8 year old car may still be worth half of its value as new , therefore you do get back half the money you spent on it as new when you sell it...... But to sell a 7- 8 year old electric car ( for which you payed a hefty lot of money) is almost imposssible.... Making you losing all you payed.... Buying electric cars is a Poor investment , unless you are rich or own a taxi company capable of making money using them intensely through their short lifecycle.
That the thing; mechanics dont ‘mechanic’ any more…..
So, let me get this straight, the batty itself is more than the car as a whole. And I’m talking about the part number. Then what about the rest of the parts in the car? Literally seems like a scam, maybe even from the dealer itself?
This incident is going to cost them a lot of potential customers.
Fools and their money are soon parted  I heard that growing up.... But the electric car industry is good at finding foolish people.  Stick to petrol people don't be a fool.
This car is from China. So bad. China sucks!
problem is that that car is not like Tesla dealership make a profit on service Tesla is not because is direct sales to the customer
Before you buy your EV, you always need to ask how much does it cost to replace the entire battery. If they can't give you a straight answer in writing, don't buy it. That's why I'm still on my ICE. Moreover, new SSBs (Solid State Batteries) are arriving sooner then you know making old lithium battery tech outdated.
How stupid these newscasters are. Go talk to any environmental engineer. Electric cars are a trojan horse. The batteries , producing them, fueling them, and disposal is way worse on the environment than gas cars. You still need fuel to produce the electricity. Politicians getting rich. ( everyone knows fuel is necessary to produce electricity then why are we demonizing natural gas which is the cleanest?)
hit a bump and the car is garbage. What a piece of garbage......
If you think EV's are better for the environment, consider the minerals needed to produce a lithium battery that are strip mined throughout the world. Graphite, aluminum, nickel, copper, steel, manganese, cobalt, lithium, iron.
Buy Huyinday Ionic for 55K sell battery for 60K ??? Profit
Makes the car instantly disposable, I see in the future separate battery insurance for Ev’s! and why is there so little underbody protection for such an expensive battery?
This story alone is enough to make me NEVER buy an EV.
Hyundai totally messed over the owner of the car and the insurance company. Sad. Personally, that's good enough for me to avoid Hyundai.
Maybe these horror stories will encourage people to reconsider and buy a used car for $10k, some tools to work on it, and enjoy all that money saved and risk reduced. Yikes. What happened to the OEMs? This is insane.
tesla model 3 car   5k to 14k dollars
A good reason to stick to combustion engine. Not interested in disposable cars, thanks.
Bull fn sh*t! That battery cover looks barely touched! That battery would have some major reinforcement protecting the battery so they don't get sued from causing fires and death. He took the car in with no symptoms or warnings on the car? BS
Electric Cars OMEGALUL  Imagine still believing EV‘s are good for the environment’s future 😂
Everyone who isn't blind and deaf should understand that electric cars are like smartphones on wheels. They have no aftermarket because the batteries, which are the most essential part of the car, wear out.
Sounds like a mobile phone warranty. Worthless with any external damage.
teslas batteries  / parts / labor are MUCH cheaper, tho 10-15k is still a painful pill to swallow if an owner goes “off-roading” and runs over something hard, heavy, and unforgiving just the right way 😂  otherwise, don’t gotta worry about it for the 8 years / 100k miles or whatever HV battery warranty is now
LOL the hole has not widened it is the angle of the shot!  wankers lololol
One thing all human should not get so supper stupid about car ran on battery only. Just small battery for our combustion engine that would cost lot of money to replaced and recycle.   I'd witness small battery explosion that damaged the hood of my combustion engine.  I knew, and said this long ago- when replacement and recycle such large battery became an issue for consumers.  There is no such thing fuel saving- liked we alway said- no such thing is free lunch.   EV car is the biggest human scam on earth.  No government going to help the consumers.   And stop speaking the nonsense about environmental nor carbon footprint.  Looking at the bombs tested, the weapons, the military consumed oils at sea, land, and air, etc.  Looking at the way building the bridges, roads, tunnels,  how about making EV cars, etc.  Never be sorry for many EV owners.
Never buying an ev ,
Ev’s will go the way of the dodo
My 2013 ford fusion energi battery has an MSRP of $10,000 for a 7.6kWh battery.
This is why i never bought a EV car from a shit brand.
Big oil is trying really hard, I mean doing everything including putting out this propaganda, to make electric cars seem problematic.  The good news is gas prices are down, and they won’t be going way back up before the big election next year. The republicans usually jack the price of gasoline way up leading up to the election.  But the big oil can’t do that this time.  People love their electric cars when gas goes back up. Most people don’t keep their cars long enough to need a new battery.
So, never buy a hyundai, got it, thanks.
Count me out on all of it. I’d rather walk than pay twice.
Damn! My battery cost around $150.00. And I don't think I'll spend 60k in gas over the lifetime of the car.
The car/battery is probably actually fine?  Maybe keep it?
This is exactly why I won't touch an EV. God forbid that battery goes you are in for a massive bill. In the last 23 years, I've never had a bill of more than 1600 dollars to repair my ice Toyota.
Kyle answers their question like the department of fish and wildlife. I wonder if thats how he explained his situation to the dearlership.
Now is definitely NOT the time to be buying a car. Average car cost $47K?! That's insane! Check your ego at the door - you need a vehicle to get back and forth to work, not to impress anyone. An auto finance rate of 7%+ is an insult to anyone with excellent credit. No thanks. Those new cars can sit on the lot and rot away for all I care.
This is outrageous!  The voiding of the battery warranty is scary. Im actually planning on buying a new car and I am aware  those batteries are very expensive on the EV .
That's just straight robbery!
So, battery replacement cost functions like a lottery. It could be thousands if you have bad luck or less thousands if you have better luck. Another reason to stay away from electric cars.
1st problem: there is a plastic battery cover and that's "all" that's protecting the battery underneath? 2nd: 60k ($45K US) for a battery?  My 07 prius hybrid battery is like $4K to replace brand new...what the...I can't tell if this vehicle is discouraging me from ever owning an Ioniq or encouraging, since there'll be low priced ones with scratches?
This reminds of the inkjet cartridge scam.
CLUCK BAIT
How is Hyundai making money on these cars if the parts cost more than the entire car? Sounds fraudulent to me. No matter what the damage is. There is not a single scenario other than actual totaling of a car (like a huge accident) that would make that a thing. A single element in the car costing more than the entire car itself? BS.
It's pretty obvious these EV's are a disaster.  The battery is worth more than the car. Ridiculous!
I drive a 2023 elantra hybrid. I purchased extended warranty. Dealer assured menof its coverages... I asked about applying Rust proofing under the car..i was told..warrantt would be null...void if it was applied...so salt is being used on our rds in winter...how can i protect it from rusting....no undercoating due to wiring can be compromised and cause issues with the hybrid system... I likely will Not keep it 8 yrs...ill prob trade it in In 3-4 yrs...
If the battery itself cost that much, he got a huge discount on the car.
Maybe we need to standadise batteries, if we leave it to the car companies they’ll just overcharge.
This is exact reason I do not want to buy electric vehicle. Even if I manage to not damage it, the battery life is only 7 years. Which will eventually need to be replaced.   I don't know why nobody is talking about this issue with EVs
I’ll stick to gas thank you
It is stupid, it means that the “original” car was sold in loss? Not possible. It is a fraud and must be a legal complain to stop this fraudulent companies
Maybe just a poor design to secure that $60,000 battery. Underneath the vehicle? A mere 12 or 13 inches from the ground? Heck…a speed bump will void the warranty. Ridiculous.
The lie is debunked long time ago. It's known that owning and running a EV is at least twise as costly as owning a regular ICE. All gofed millionears has now baught in on the scam. The market is full. The carmakers who still does regular diesel and petrol cars are the ones that will prevail.
..if a protection cover gets SCRATCHES and the battery has to be replaced then the battery has no FUNCTIONAL protection cover...
Man-made global warming is a scam.
Definitely not buying an electric car anytime soon. Such stories are not very encouraging.
Sure why not anybody stupid enough to buy one of those things deserves what they get $60,000 a mere pittance just think of how many mosquitoes and gnats you have saved from those nasty gasoline engine fumes
Gee Hyundai, i guess you didn't build it  good enough.
Yeah keep buying electric vehicles.   We are years away from this technology to be ready to be used by the general public.
I’m sorry, but the battery should be better protected.
People are cattle.  We not even close to having electric cars.  The battery technology is not there period.  When the battery more like a lead acid battery then and only then will it work.  Nobody talks about the size or weight of the EV batteries.  How do you junk the car?  It’s all a big scam and has nothing to do with the environment!!!  If these tree hungers are so worried about the environment, why don’t they push for planting more trees, etc.  it’s all about control and money.  😮 shocker!
Welcome to the future.
Ev cars are just like the liberals who are pushing them. Crooked and pond scum.
As soon as i saw the video title, i knew it was going to be an EV
Trade the car in for a proper car ,another dealer wouldn't know this .
Man that dealer network need to be bleed in a class action law suit for malicious intent towards customer. There is no way the battery is damaged by looking at that pictures
List price is 6649.  They messed up and put a 5 in front of it.
I would just keep driving vehicle as long as it runs and not leaking any fluids.  Don't know why they didn't mention that.
Stop buying these cars people! The cost alone is insane, these batteries cause more environmental damage than economical ice car that stays on the road longer. Push manufacturers to make cars last longer and easier to service. Cars pollute more in manufacturing than staying on the road. People buy these cars to be cool in them and not save the environment. Stop buying into marketing and demand better service and longevity.
Any working class person that would rely on these electric cars is gullible. From Toyota to Tesla and everything in between. They’re novelties. Nothing more. If people would stop letting themselves get ripped off because childish people with silly ideas problems like this would stop happening.     If someone can afford the risk good for you. Enjoy. But if you are financing it and can’t afford to replace it you’re being taken advantage of.
Tesla all the Way
The battery of every BEV will need to be replaced at some point, if not its to be scrapped, is this really sustainable? What will happen to the used car market for 8+ year old cars in 20-30 years?
Greta Thunberg would give this video a thumbs down, and push people to buy EVs.
Get a good lawyer and you'll be saving yourself a run around.
Why does invoice say list price of $6649.98 then under the amount it says $56649.98 ???????? Looks like a 5 was mistakenly placed in the final price for part.
What does consumer protection have to say about this?
Problem one….. purchasing a Kia Hyundai vehicle to begin with.
i don't understand even if the battery damaged why not take the recycling value and deduct that from the new  batry cost not sure ev car battery worth to recycle but lithium is expensive.  but that's the problem as someone that can only afford 2nd hand vehicles the financial risk of battery braking is to big
buy a corolla
Hyundai EV - an 56k battery attached to a 6k car.  Lmao what are we talking about here? 60k? In my world that's E-class mercedes money. Wake tf up.
Warranty is a bit of a false security because of all the small fine print that can void the Warranty
Hyundai are crap. Lessons learned, never buy one moving forward. They're ugly anyways. I wouldn't be caught driving one.
1) if u were in my country you can find a adapt at the industry 2) divide the car into its parts and sell it
At the end, most of EV will be a joke. Repair cost will we huge problem and later on is battery recycling. On top of that, this didn’t account for the reliability 😅😅
So it's ugly af _and_ expensive af.  LoL
Is there a protection cover for the protection cover? 🤔
Just drive an ICE vehicle and never worry about this stupidity. EVs are not cost effective nor are they a green option when you consider the strip mining and carbon footprint of creating these batteries. Tree huggers have been duped.
The real question is why is a replacement part more than buying an entire vehicle. Either someone is overcharging for the replacement battery or the new vehicles are heavily subsidised somewhere in the supply chain.
its just a fraud attempt
EV’s are a scam a long with the insurance industry. It’s not unheard of for a car to last 250,000 miles today.  I have not heard of a EV battery lasting that long.  You bought it…. Live with it…..
Same in the US.  If an EV's battery is suspected to be damaged in any way, the insurance company will just scrap the vehicle.  They will write it off even if it's 1 week old with 200 miles on it.  The risk of insuring that battery pack is just too great.   Pretty "green," eh?  Also, calling EVs "emissions-free" is pure fallacy.  If you do any research, you will find out that EVs are actually more carbon-intensive than petrol vehicles.
Korean companies actually one of the worst by customer service, avoiding warranty claims and waiting time for the claims. I'd never buy any Samsung or LG appliances, and it looks like Hyuindai and Kia (essentially the same company) have exactly same attitude. Vote with your wallet and dont buy anything korean
Just don't buy an EV. It's foolish to buy an EV just because a politician told you to. Politicians are in the eco game to make money for themselves. One auto accident can destroy your battery.
LOL....EV, is VE...Very Expensive...!!
Piece of junk.  There are $2,00 used trucks that would have far, far, far fewer problems.
Visit electrified garage in the states. Insane at least Ford has seperate cells that can be replaced
How about, and I know this is gonna sound crazy to some of you.  DONT BUY ELECTRIC CARS!  They aren’t worth it at all.
Pretty happy to not give af about my "carbon footprint" 😂
I will never buy an EV! 60k for a new battery, crazy 😂
This is a scam!!! Any company that would charge $60,000 for a battery should be avoided at all costs. Just my opinion.
This entire situation is ridiculous. From the owner to the dealer and insurance company. It's very clear to see that there wasn't any damage. The owner seems to have absolutely zero knowledge concerning his vehicle or how to deal with his insurance company. He should have exhausted all of his options before going to his insurance company. The entire EV thing is a gimmick at best and all of the EV horror stories show this over and over again.
If you're the type of person that can't avoid driving over material in the road then you deserve to have your insurance prices increased. You were either driving negligently or driving too close to someone. Edit, he's an Asian driver lol. Yeah, increase his insurance.
As a new ev owner this is a very timely video. The battery costing more than the value of a one year old car is insane. This needs a third party intervention, we are definitely missing some details here and not good ones. Would I still get an ev sure, there will always be mishaps but how they are handled is the issue.
I am so pissed with such stealer tricks, the EV is a separate topic, but in this case, I saw the undertray panel "damage" more like scratches and the space in the hole was further from the battery, not closer, I can sign with both hands that  THIS BATTERY was absolutely fine. He should have said ok thank you idiots, I have warranty on everything else apart the battery and keep driving the car. Eventually the battery has to be changed in a few years, if you want it to last close to specifications on full charge! Meanwhile, he could have raised it with Hyundai, lawyers, independent inspection to give him a document the battery is not bad or risky in their expert opinion- I mean indi EV shops certified with engineers(there must be some like in the USA). How could no one open the battery undertray protector?
That's what happens when you trust  car insurance companies, manufacturers, and gi green government. Could've bought a Camry.   The cheap comply and virtue signal move caught up to you. Do you think anyone received money for buying a Daewoo? Negative.   I'm surprised a disposal fee for the "damaged" battery isn't listed as large part of this.
EV's are disposable cars exactly for that reason. For example a 7 year old EV is going to lose so much value that it won't make any sense to replace the battery even with a used one. It's probably gonna be cheaper to convert that EV to gas engine 😂😂😂😂
EVs are a total scam. You'll never own it long enough to use less carbon inputs to manufacture it vs an ICE car.
Don’t waste your money on a POS EV Car, the electric car fad is a government scam to get you to buy one so their investments grow faster, they don’t care about the environment. What happens to a bad battery? That sounds like toxic waste for the environment.
This is is crazy! If your Hyundai isn’t stolen, they are voiding your battery warranty. Lesson learned: don’t buy Hyundai/Kia.
EVS are a fraud, not just by the mfr and dealer, but by the insurers, and through the ev mandates, by the government on the citizens.  How can we, regular people, survive?!    I can’t believe the car couldn’t be un-totaled.  What a screw job.
So 2 years ago, when I spent £4,995 on an old Jaguar XJ8 that so far I've spent £1,800 on maintenance, it was a good deal then? Its still a luxury prestige car that drives like new so why should I spend tens of thousands on an EV? By the way, Insurance on EVs is going up and up, and some companies won't even offer coverage anymore.
Thank the WEF for this coming nightmare. Its only going to get worse as all petrol cars will soon no longer legal to be bought or sold.
The entire Globalist climate bs is a scam! EV's create magnitudes more pollution.  Also, the mining slavery of children is a bigger concern.
The problem with an EV battery pack is if there is an impact to the vehicle there is a chance there might be a damaged cell in the pack which left could fail later on causing a massive fire, so from the look of the cover plate the battery pack has taken a substantial impact. Therefore the battery has to be replaced. No insurance company will cover a repaired EV if there is a slight chance later on that EV will go up in flames. Essentially the EV is a write off.
Лох не мамонт, лох не вымрет. 😂😂😂
Sounds, frankly, suspicious. Hyundai nor its dealer ever removed the battery protection cover to see if the battery was indeed damaged. Why? Hoping the customer would just pony up for another battery at $60K? That would be like selling another entire car ... good for the dealer's bottom line, I guess but is that how you treat your customers? Shouldn't you do everything you can to help them get value out of the car they purchased? In this case, guess not.
just don't buy no more Hyundai's or kias like in chicago
Aftermarket companies need to start making protection cover protection covers!
The car is a joke, the ( dealership incompetent) but manly when it comes to liability every body runs for the hills!! Sounds like they fish you in with good intentions but when things however minor appearing stick you with a large bill through insurance and  or repairs. Simply not ready for prime time!!@.
You should install an internal combustion engine.
Dealerships are scum; manufacturers aren't much better.
That’s what joe Biden and the leftist environmentalists want , they don’t care people
You are ALL supporting Apple and their policies (that are abysmal) with buying their products. Why are you surprised that other manufacturers are doing the same thing. If this was Apple's car or phone, same thing would have happened. But them everyone would be "Omg, perfect. Let's support Apple more". Canada/USA deserves no better imo.
Thanks for you efforts in making the world more healthy and green, lol
I never trust and will never buy a Korean maker. They are all overrated and expensive.
Buying an EV is NOT good for the environment. DYOR.
Never buy hyundai
Eco... xD
Yeeeeaaa I think I’ll pass on an EV
Until batteries can determine if a cell is damaged and communicate it, I recommend staying away from EVs. At the moment buying an EV is just a variant of playing the lottery with your money, your life and the lives of those around you. A battery can catch fire even due to simple wear and no one knows how likely the risk is because no system monitors the health of the battery. It's ridiculous that manufacturers can put these hand grenades on the market without any repercussions.
This is no surprise if you've done any preliminary reading on ev's. Battery replacement is insanely costly for all manufacturers. The warranty process was not followed correctly, sure consumers need to push for manufacturer's assessment of costly repairs, but even if that was followed, I think we can see that people would still be in the same situation and there is very little protection for the consumer if the company wanted to take the route the dealer took.
doubt it.
it's bad design to make a battery that is so expensive. the bottpm line is less than $300/kwh. and it should cost less than $100 to install, and take 3 minutes. EV design convention is wetalldid
Let this be a lesson to anyone who buys these EV pieces of crap, THEY ARE NOT SUSTAINABLE, from top to bottom. So now it is written off, most of these ev 's are not recyclable.
Guess I'll be keeping my gas guzzler.
These two remind me of those evangelical TV pastor couples from the eighties.  It just came to mind immediately when the guy opened his mouth.   Weird.  That said, this whole electric motor battery BS is a huge ripoff - especially since battery prices have come way, way down behind Lithium prices cratering like 85% over the past year - current lithium prices are literally 15% of what they were a year ago when they peaked.  Believe me, I know, I owned a couple of the lithium miners and it's horrible - so somebody is getting mega rich off this poor guy.  Serves him right, though, for buying an elec vehicle in a cold climate and for any missions other than short commutes and shopping, etc around town.   The trick with electrics is to buy the cheapest POS you can find, net,net, and only use it for short hops on clean roads.
hahahah you first mistake was getting a HYUNDAI EV
No way on this planet I buy one of the AA battery cars.
It's not hard to imagine they just don't want you to fix it, so they price it at an obscene level. Like all electronics.
When I think about the reasons why I wouldn’t buy an electric car, this wasn’t on my list until now. This just doubly convinced me that I won’t be owning an EV until I am forced to.
EV is a scam you're not gonna save money on fuel Because your electric bill will increase and in the long run you need to replace your battery which cost more than your 5 year fuel consumption , you're not helping the environment reducing the c02 emission because making the battery produce c02  the battery degrades that reduce power to your vehicle not gonna buy an EV
He should be happy because he drove the car for a year and had the opportunity to save an iceberg somewhere. Good job, buy another EV and save more ice.
I find this hard to believe, but if it’s real just avoid dealers and get a damn Tesla.
Sounds like a recipe for a lawsuit.
And the government doesn’t understand why people aren’t flocking to EV’s…..
EV's are no worth it. even Tesla have the same issues
You’ll never catch me owning an all electric vehicle or hybrid. Screw that! I will only own naturally aspirated gas vehicles and non DEF diesel engines. Even if I have to buy used vehicles for the rest of my life.
I don’t know what I would’ve said to the Hyundai representative if they asked if I was interested in buying another vehicle from them right after this happening. It wouldn’t have been nice though!
It does not. Stop spreading false rumors
Face it! Electric vehicles are a Bust! I will NEVER OWN ONE!
Obviously Hyundai doesn’t pay $60,000 for the batteries they put in cars, so why don’t they buy extra batteries for replacements?
Why is the public now part of your UNPAID Research and Development. What a rip off. Stop importing this rubbish.
That’s why it’s better to not deal with dealerships. Tesla is way cheaper to replace the battery and have their processes more flushed out. Also he could have went to another hydraulic dealerships, sounds like the one he dealt with is scammy. That’s insane that they couldn’t open the battery to check, but telling him that it will blow up.
Where is your local member of parliament protecting you from these shonky cars. And where is your Consumer Affairs protecting you. Are they all asleep.
What I do not understand is a MULTI BILLION company have treated this young man like dirt. I hope your brand name is damaged and others run a mile. Don't they send hundreds of millions of dollars on R&D and the car gets one little scratch and the whole car turns to shit. HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA HA .... what a useless car manufacturer. Stop polluting the earth with your crap cars. Buddy, you have been ripped off big time. I feel sorry for you. If it was me, I would have given you a full refund or another car just to keep this out of the press. And once again it just shows you how stupid the rich executives do not have the guts to make a moral decision. Shame on you Hyundai. Start making wheelbarrows. I will never buy a Hyundai. And that is a promise.
of course the whole thing has to be replaced.  because of liability... EVs are explosive
it's the whole propulsion system. equivalent to an engine, transmission, and gas tank of a cadillac.
Just replace it keep it pushing cmon 😂
looks like the hyundai dealership wanted another sale
THE GOVERNMENT IS MINDING CONTROLLING PEOPLE TO BUY THESE! DONT FALL FOR THE SCAM
Hyundai just didn’t want to be reliable if anything happens in the future. That damage was nothing, and batteries are repairable you can change the bad or damaged cells you don’t have to change the whole battery.
STAY AWAY FROM ELECTRIC!!!!
Wow I have that exact car, I'm terrified now... Damnit Kyle!
Thanks for sharing I will never buy Hyundai
Never buy a hyundai/kia simple
How can the battery be as much as a car ? How do Hyundai make a profit . None of this makes sense
That he’s being penalized for an unavoidable object in the road is ridiculous. Voiding the warranty over something that is Hyundai’s fault (pitiful battery protection) has made me change my plans to buy an Ioniq5  (or any Hyundai). Too bad, because I really liked the car.
Lesson 1: don't buy an ev.
The answer is simple.. Do your homework on EV's, mix that with a big portion of common sense and "DON'T BY AN EV !". You are not saving the planet.., you're just adding to environmental problems down the road.. Over in the UK prices of 2nd hand EV'S are dropping like a stone, and there is a reason for this - Just saying.. Wakey, wakey folks..
Ev Vehicles, nothing but a Scam! No No No! Nothing wrong with a good ole combustible engine vehicle.  But you say Guilbeault and his Liberal buddies say by 2035. Liberals will be gone in two years or less. EV Vehicles are too expensive, expensive to replace the batteries and have absolute no range in comparison to gas combustible engines. Oh the environment you say… Have you seen Lithium mining?.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 you get what you deserve keep buying these pretty electric vehicles funny how a lot of the bigger corporation like GM Ford and several other ones are no longer making EV😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 stupid is with stupid does
I would bet that he drives a gas powered car now!
It sucks but why would the warranty cover something he hit on the road? Also, The dealer can’t pull apart those batteries and testing it is not reasonable. There’s probably 10,000 tiny batteries packed in there. Plus You got high voltage dc which is super dangerous too. Sounds like a write off which sucks but it’s what happens. Oh and btw most of these cars are sold at a loss for the manufacture. Some recoup their profits via government programs. Others are buying market share and hoping to become profitable later. So it probably actually does cost more for the pack than they sell the car. 😂
Why would there be such minimal protection for the battery. A skid plate…. Really! Catastrophic engineering design flaw. I would make this go viral on the internet and cost them big time in sales!
Isn't that just a typo on the dollar amount? The battery is listed at  $6649.98 but in the tally amount there's a 5 in front of the $6649.98 with the labor still being $1599.50.  Maybe they should recheck their numbers.
Everybody wants your money, but nobody wants to step up to the plate to honor their warranties they sell you.
my battery costed $150 😌
How about just avoid EV'S all together,
SUCKERSSSSS....
No EV for me... nope! 😢
Well DO NOT BUY HYUNDAI.......that is solution........TOYOTA  battery would not cost more than a new car
I drive a 2001 Toyota Camry with 328,000km on it.  I will retire in this car.
and they all say battery cars the best.. my hybrid gets more gas mileage then tesla
The increase in insurance is ludicrous, I know they're not for everyone but I'd buy an older vehicle, if a small abrasion can damage a battery then it's either time to reengineer the thing or scrap it altogether, I'll stick with gas any day, these things simply aren't worth the hassle, in the pouring rain the other day I watched a couple t4y to figure out the charging apparatus, you apparently don't just plug it in and walk away and won't you get electrocuted in the rain, gas stations have roofs over the pumps, ten minutes and you're in and out and on your way.
The whole ev car market is a scam itself..
Eye opening video, thank you!  I will not be buying a Hyundai Ionic after watching this.
Hyundai corporate should deal with this case.
As an owner to a 2023 Hyundai Santa Cruz I can say that Hyundai dealerships have terrible customer service and are from my experience not considerate of their customers. This is relative to other dealers I've dealt with like Subaru and Toyota. I think the poor experience with Hyundai dealers is reflective of Hyundai corporate and their policies not just of dealerships. I do not trust Hyundai dealer or corporate to help with any issue that arises with my bought new from the dealership vehicle.
I'm sorry, but if a lithium battery costs that much that is a lie and a crime. For instance, a brand new vw v10 turbo diesel that takes 5 times as long to put together and costs 5 TIMES as much is only 8-10k maybe 11 from a pos dealership. Wow.
sounds like a scam to me
If that battery costs $56,000. how the hell is the entire car selling for $58,000?  No damn way that battery costs that much.  All normal use of a vehicle has the chance to hit something on the road.  An ICE vehicle would first, likely not even need repair, but secondly, if it did, would be a reasonable repair.  For a manufacturer to put a battery on the bottom of the vehicle, and not properly protect it, is criminal.  What happens if you drive through a large puddle and water gets in the battery?  Do you think they will cover that under warranty?  Hell no.  No one should be buying these damn things.
This is why right to repair matters.
The dealership did not treat this customer fairly. Simple as that.
If this were me I'd never buy another Hyundai ! The battery pack is probably actually 1/3 of price quoted to him . Until the prices come down on electric vehicles  and more competition gets into the fray car companies will nickle and dime customers  . A lawyer would have been involved immediately !
This clearly shows how much the battery is subsidized, if a new battery is MORE to than a new car!
Хаванули от зеленой энергетики... не покупай вещи, которые не можешь легко выкинуть.  Чтобы пртом так не ныть
Everyone wants to drive EV but no one can afford the battery replacement
EVs are off my "must have" list.
A possible impact to a battery cell is very serious, this has nothing to do with the scratch(s). This is an insurance issue, and a battery cost issue. I believe that Hyundai/Kia is selling this car at below cost. Way below cost, hoping to successfully delve into a new market. So what happens when the $100k battery in your $60k car needs replaced. You can't charge people that much. This is why Kia said "we're looking at our pricing" like it's an arbitrary number. They created a big problem for themselves. I haven't looked into it, but I'd bet Kia doesn't even make the battery. Probably LG Chem or similar. One thing is for sure, Kia really effed this up, this is a pr nightmare.
what did people expect tho when you buy a cordless drill for 160 , for new battery its cheaper to buy another drill its been like that for a long time, laptops who has ever got the laptop battery replaced even with the ones that where removable they where close to the price of the laptop or a good chunk of it.  keep in mind these are the same batteries just in a different package.
Serves you idiots right for falling for the ev scam!, no sympathy!
Ridiculous and the insurance companies will make owning these cars impossible. Standardize the batteries world wide to lower costs dramatically.
Electric vehicles make no sense and the battery replacement costs make it even dumber
2 years ago i bought @ $10 000 Toyota Corolla with 80000 km.  No power windows jusr a simple clean car.  I can sell it now for $11,000 .  I couldn’t be happier.  Simple car cheap to fix and drive.  Not that it needs any fixing. It is a Toyota.  All the Taxis in my Canadain city are Toyota.  That means something
Your being stupid there’s nothing wrong w car .
I'd say take the money from the insurance buy a good used gasoline car and have a nice chunck of chamge left 😉.
Am I the only person that sees the quote was 6669.99 and the 56669.99 was a miss typo?
The fact Hyundai Canada had to speak to the dealer shows that this dealer didn't care about their customer. When the dealer's own customer was faced with voiding their 8 year warranty plus a repair bill equal to the value of the car, one would expect and hope the dealer would go to bat for their customer and contact the manufacturer to find a remedy. When I read it what dealer it was, I was not surprised. This dealer has been known to classify factory defects for new car deliveries as wear and tear.  The other concern here is Hyundai's fragile battery. As most have mentioned, the physical impact in the video/photos does not appear significant. Would any other manufacturer recommend a replacement after sustaining a similar level of impact?
thats crazy
If you thought you might convince me into purchasing an EV 5 minutes ago, what do you suppose your chances might be now?
What can Kyle do? Don't buy another disposable EV when there's plenty of reliable ICE options available to you
God, you people are all morons… I can get an entirely NEW battery pack for 10k. Stop using the factories. Also, undercarriage scratches causing a warranty void? LOL ok… Fuck if I’m ever touching this business in Canada. I’ve been in the Automotive business for 15 years here in the US, I would’ve had them covering EVERYTHING in a heartbeat.
14:11 I had a Hyundai Kona with a bad battery (LG Chem one) I was not happy how it was handled at all. They (Hyundai Sweden) refused to acknowledge that my car had any issues even though I could prove that the battery ID was one of the affected. Anyway i told them 3 things will happen: 1 the battery will burn 2 the battery will be bricked by your "software fix" 3 it will have no issues  What happened? The battery got bricked and the car useless.  I returned the car together with my trail of communication to the dealer and Hyundai sweden. Demanding my money back due to their ineptitude of handling my problem. After a few days they agreed to reimburse me but I will never in my life buy a Hyundai or a Kia again. The worst experience i ever had.
🤡🌏
The end goal is disposable cars, on monthly payment plans that are never paid off, where you trade them in every 2 years like cellphones.
EVs are in the Orville Wright stage and the wise would wait until they are perfected
Sounds like "Kyle" is done buying electric cars.
You still not get it? The repairs are not covered by Trudeau’s subsidy. As about insurance, it is another means (apart the banks) to drain the money from people’s pockets.
First lesson: do not buy Hyundai. Second: do not buy any EV. Really. At all.
Mistake 1- buying a Hyundai or a Kia Mistake 2- buying a EV
Something is not right here. I looked at this manufacturer last spri g when shopping for a new car but the sales rep's product knowledge was poor. Submit questions to the sales manger in writing/email and n Make sure it is the sales manager who answers. I bought from another manufacturer, thankfully.
Go to Gotham Garage to install a killer gas motor instead. You get a custom body upgrade too.
lesson learned, dont buy EV car
the dealerships are corrupt in the USA and Canada, and the manufacturers are being thrown under the bus.
Why even bother take it into the dealership???? If it wasn’t smoking then keep on driving. If it was smoking then park it in a field and say burn baby burn!
I have the perfect solution for this- Buy an internal combustion vehicle and be done with it!! I'm buying a battery tomorrow and it's costing me $200. End of story! Haha.
EV is a scam
This the reason why I didn’t buy EV or hybrid. Idk if I’ll have the $$ to replace the battery should anything go wrong.
You shouldn’t buy that crap at first place 😂
Another reason to not buy BEVs
The great thing about the sustainable engineering at Tesla, is you only replace the underperforming  cells, not the whole pack. A diagnostic isolates the under performing cells and the cost is about $ 2000-$4000. Not bad at all. A blown piston/transmission situation on a Mercedes is $10k lol!! Hahaha 😅 You’ll likely outspend service over the life of a German car any day over American made Tesla.
Knowing what you know now, you would have to be a dumbest clown in town to even think about getting another electric vehicle 😂
That’s for all who fell for it again….first the Jab and then the EV’s ….when are people going to learn?😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
$60,000 to replace battery.   Even here in Australia where cars cost a fortune because of all the Gov Taxation due to our wonderful 3 tier government system? you can  a car cheaper than a Battery which makes EVs an impractical purchase
Stay away from EV as far as you can! This is worst then cancer!😤😬
Insane...  insurance company even worse he is paying more than the value of the car in the long run yet another reason why not to own a ev
I realize this could be a spacing issue on the invoice but the unit price is showing a List and Net of 6649.98 and the Amount is 56649.98. The list and net fields arent wide enough to hold 7 digits plus a decimal but its weird that the values are truncated bu the program at the leading digit and not overlapping or truncating at the last digit. Its obviously right justified but i would have triple checked that this isnt a typo adding a 5 at the front.
WOW thats crazy!
Battery technology is not up to par yet. Keep buying those gas and diesel engines people. Don't get screwed.
This is the kind of thing that happens when the government is subsidizing the car manufacturers to reduce the MSRP of the vehicles. The real cost of the vehicle is hidden from the end consumer, until this type of thing happens.
You havent learned from the first one huh? Buy another one ... please
In my opinion, the best thing is to stay away from EV vehicles.  I will never buy one, but until it's absolutely affordable, then I am already dead.  Also, trust the dealership?  They're in business to make money, not save you money.
Best advice Don't buy a Hyundai ev. They got you bro. Buy a tesla
Well this is why i want to wait and not to rush on getting an electric car. Ridiculous expensive, but check Tesla which is very expensive as well.
Hold your horses. To replace an Audi R8 gas engine (P&L) is $48,000-$55,000. Audi is simply has simply super expensive overhead. Electric batteries is not the whole issue at all.
Absolutely NO part of the EV market ahs anything to do with "Going Green" or reducing emissions, or saving the planet... There is no part of the EV market that reflects the "Reduce, Recycle, Reuse" mantra of the green movement for the last 40 years...
Shame on the service department of that dealer. Poorly handled! I’m sticking to my gasoline vehicles !
Great Journalism!
I bet his next vehicle won't be electric 😂
all you liberals are sad now , but just remember your saving the environment so its all good 😂😂😂
Just like the cost of a new printer versus the cost of the ink.  Ridiculous...
In due time, several cos will come out with one campatible for a small fraction of the price. Same thing happened when the Prius really took off with sales in North America in 2006. Battery replacements were over 7k and only made by Toyota. They were said to last about 10yrs. People were livid it wasn't covered under the warranty. Now you can find em for less than 1k and many cos make em. I paid 990 bucks for mine for my 2017 330e. That price included installed and programmed.
This is sooooooooo funny... I've been an Auto Tech since 1978 and EV cars are a joke and a scam.
How the fuck is it even possible for the battery to cost more than the car, like what the fuck is that!!
Electric car is a pieces of garbages. Scrap, scam, lunatic peoples, unicorn, pink elephant  flying and more karen
Sad but EV does not help environment in any way. All in your mind
Until people realize EV is a mode of cash grabbing customers and the government is playing along, it will be too late. Why buy something that becomes E-Waste in less than 2 years or less and cost so much to repair. I have no plan of drinking the "we are saving the planet" cool-aid.
Electric cars are not figured out well enough. Infrastructure. Now this battery replacement problem. NO WAY FOR ME. Internal combustion for me.
Why are you guys sitting and talking in a car?
That why i stay with gas and diesel. Im not idiot same as theses karen climate change hoax.
Ev = scams all around
Wow, what a scam! Unbelievable
Worlds smallest 🎻 playing a sad song
You know what you do in this case? You sue... it's obvious fuckery.
insuring my brothers tesla it cost 6 times more than my porsche these EVs are outta control
The guy was scammed by ins.,by dealership,by mechanics who didn't check the batt.for actual damages,he was scammed and needs to sue for losses and damages!!!!!!!!!!!! You aren't covered guys!!!!!!! Sue and recover losses!!!!!!!,
Did the insurance company write it off as a complete write-off or a repairable write-off? Depending on what regulations apply to where one resides.... If an insurance company writes it off as a repairable write-off... I would bet my bottom dollar that is this case (the Hyundai) the insurance company would just have the battery cover replaced or even repaired at a minimal cost and sell the vehicle at used market value and profit on it.
This underscores how bad dealerships are and how much of preying on customers they do. I'm sure we all have some horror stories to share.  So, you add a super expensive parts/repair issue and of course they will find a way to make it a terrible experience. Not removing the liability from the manufacturers, but the dealerships must go.
Wait, so the battery actually failed? Did they take the protective cover off to check the battery? Im so confused.
W.T.F. IP PEOPLE,YOU BUY THESES CARS AND DONT RESEARCH THE COST OF REPAIRS,YA HUYING A SCAM GUYS,GO GREEN AND GET SCREWED!!!!!!! You chose it!!!
why would you get a new battery for cosmetic damage to the battery? If the battery works fine and mileage is normal then what’s the issue? Are these people morons?
He should have just drove down to the US since it would have been cheaper. 😂
I will never own an EV....ever!
60k battery replacement?…. 45k for a Rivan to get repaired.  Two more reasons I’m not buying an electric car.   I have a mini cooper for sale … 6k…. Great shape and 28+ miles per gallon!!!…
What utter crap 😂 I’m sorry there’s no way that has damaged the battery! The cars have a multitude of battery monitoring systems onboard if there’s no warning light and it’s not physically cracked etc… it’s perfectly fine!
SUE THE COMPANY FOR A FAULTY SHIELD THAT DIDNT DO ITS JOB,WHO CHECKED THE BATTERIES,LOL,INSURANCE COMPANY IS ANOTHER ONE TOMSUE,LOL😂😂😂😂😂
The issue found in all these stories is one word, Ignorance. Both on the side of the dealerships and the customers.   See it all the time where customers have no idea what they are getting themselves into, no idea about maintenance on the EV or any issues.  With the dealerships they don't really understand how to deal with EV issues. Most of these staff at dealerships have been there 20 years plus, this is all new to them and they haven't been actively learning with the new vehicles.  That being said, any impact damage will void any warranty of any part. Rocks will damage rads and windshields all of the time and that is not covered under warranty.
Ionic is now off the shopping list. Don't wanna pay for fuel, but 60k for a new battery is INSANE!!!
In 7 years or so the landfill will be filled up with these "environmental friendly ev" cars it will cost 2x more for a new battery then the cars worth.
More eWaste no surprise
If the batt. Protection shield failed to "PROTECT" the batts.then the company who built the car should be held liable,not the owners,the shield failed so the company sold you s acr with a defective shield,😂😂😂😂😂 sue them!!!!!!
Canadians dealers are as corrupt as US dealers
Whats new ? Car dealers, manufacturers and insurance companies have been ripping off consumers for decades.  How many class actions have been brought against auto makers in the last decade.  Seems more like an anti EV advertisement.
You would think people would have learned the lesson by now by just purchasing battery powered tools over the past 20 years. Even in the 90’s it was cheaper to buy a new tool kit with charger and 2 batteries than it was to buy just the batteries. Nothing has changed.
A quick Google search in the US shows that Hyundai part as the battery and is 'only' $32,000 USD.
60 thousand dollars will buy a heck of a lot of gasoline. And it only takes a few minutes to fill up. And how long before insurance companies start charging a premium on insuring EV's?
This is typical with power tools and lawn equipment. repair costs are just over what it cost new. It's planned that way so you just buy new
Just reaility😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂, YEP GO GREEN FOOLS!!!!!!
They are lying about the cost of the battery and trying to scam him. Are you telling me the whole vehicle without the battery costs nothing? If the car is 55k and the battery is 56k. How do they sell a car for that much loss!
Hyundai is a type of company that does not care about their customers. And I am talking from experience
So was his next car an EV as well?
That sounds like a "we dont want to do the work" quote
This is just a glimpse into why EV's are just a BAD idea.
Great video!  In rich rebuilds they had a tesla that a rock broke one of the plastic fitting that is for the coolant and tesla wanted to change the whole battery!!!!! A friend of Rich put in a new screw on fitting and got it working again!!!
BATTERY SYSTEM ASSEMBLY part number 37501GI351RM  remanufacture us $6345.78  Part Number: 37501GI351 new us $ 31,720.72
thats messed up cant believe kyle is debating if he should get another ev is he that slow to not learn from the first time thats y i would never get n ev some people so gullible n easily manipulated digg
Moral of the story.  Hyundai are crooks (so are they all).  EVs are scams. EV repairs are scams. EV as "environmentally friendly are HUGE scams.  So buy gasoline cars. It's better on the environment overall and it's better on your wallet.
Solution, don’t buy an electric car. Don’t buy a Hyundai. Get a hybrid or gas car instead.
this sounds all like buy teslas not korean cars.....omg
I don't understand why people are so soft with the manufacturers. I would have sued Hyundai until I got a new car replacement.
At last the truth revealed.. either the battery or fossil fuel vehicle it will going back to the same objective.. money.. the battery will ruin the enveronment by its waste with are much more catastrophic damages by the lots of materials to produce a single battery rather than the fossil fuel as a comparison.. use battery for environment is rhetoric for money.. what a joke by the capitalist.. it goes back to dollar and cents..
Wow im so hyped to NEVER buy an ev! 🤦🏻‍♂️💯😂😂😂 ffs man
I'd better go chinese cars not hyundai and kia korean cars are the worst
I’m sorry but the owner is a goober. I would have called bullshit.  But also wouldn’t buy an EV for this exact reason. A replacement 5.3 for my truck is $400 at a junkyard.
Electric cars are the future..... lol  its just how to get more money out of costumers.
Anyone else notice on that invoice that the net price of the battery is $6700 , not $60k . But at the end of the invoice it’s now $56,000 ? Someone messed up somewhere 😂🤣. You guys better look into this
Shows the ridiculous idea of owning an ev right now. Just not worth the price knowing that battery longevity isn't where it should be yet. As for ICBC now doubling his premiums for the next ten years, really glad I moved from BC and no longer have to deal with them.
Unfortunately this is not unique to Hyundai as many other manufacturers have the same practice... This is going to be a huge problem in the years to come and it will drive up prices for insurance.   The solution is to get a lot of third party repair shops that can fix batteries in EV's with used parts.
Gasoline, about $3.00 per gallon.
Kyle seems to be his own worst enemy. No research, no demands, and no attorney for such a big loss of money. He didn't even get a second opinion. Incredibly mind numbing. If the car still performed as normal, why just let it go without pursuing ansers? FYI Kyle, dealers should never have the final say on major repairs.
Buyers of battery-powered vehicles are suckers. Battery cars failed 100 years ago, and are a failure, today.
I don't know if anyone actually googled that part number. The actual wholesale cost of that battery is ~$30,000.00 USD (or ~$40,000.00 CAD). So, they are charging an almost 40% markup on top of the whole sale price. That's B.S. in my book! This repair should be ~$35,000.00 USD (~47,000.00 CAD). I'd get a second opinion always in these cases.
Well of course he knows now that ev's are not really better at saving costs.
Nice way to lost more future customers Hyundai. It's not like your year has not been that bad enough. 👍 Keep it up.   -Tesla
Love to know how Hyundai respond.
But through interest payments, People are already buying a car twice. Interest payments total cost is the same as a brand new vehicle. Through interest payments what the dealership is doing is, letting you buy a vehicle off the lot, meanwhile the ''interest'' is replacing the vehicle you just bought. The dealerships lose no money.
This is like the guy in Scotland whose battery died because he got it wet. It was raining. They just added another $60,000 to his car note.
If a 55k vehicle takes a 60k battery then you know see just how much the EV is subsidized by Gov. EV tech is far from a mature tech.
I would never get a Hyundai!
There seems to be a bugger issue than just finding a solution to a more reasonable option for battery replacement. What if a customer bought a brand new EV and as soon as they drove off the lot it ran over something that damaged the expensive battery pack? To me it is an issue of design flaws. The protection cover should be the most durable part so that it protects the battery since it's replacement is worth more than a new model. Or is it that the manufacturers know that the underside of the vehicles (where the battery packs reside) is the soft spot and customers will either have to let their car be totalled by insurance (prompting another purchase) or buy a new battery at whatever price the dealer has to offer. Funny how internal combustion engine cars typically don't have a single part damaged from hitting road debris to total out the vehicle.
You people voted for this.
That technology is still a long way to be totally reliable😊 ! At this point we want to save the world but for the individual, the prime issue is to save his money in his lifetime to live it! Somebody said(Unamuno) “Let me know what’s the issue just to oppose to it”
This is the problem with electric cars. You can’t sell a used EV and have any sort of confidence in it lasting. And to replace a battery for more than the cost of the actual car is insane. Not to mention you can’t recycle these vehicles like normal vehicles. The pollution is so insane the scrap yards won’t accept them . Why are we being brainwashed with this so called “ technology “ . It’s garbage. Only feasible for mail trucks and city delivery vehicles and taxis etc. enough of this BS. Not to mention it’s more environmental hazardous to get the materials out of the ground vs petroleum . We are so stupid for allowing the government and climate experts fool us 🤦‍♂️.
Sounds like a big scam to me!
but the EV cult still thinks EVs are perfect in every way.
This makes me love my two thousand eighteen toyota corolla Im even more
Gives me great joy to see vanity purchasers and virtue signalers punished by reality,  the realities of energy density and infrastructure and government subsidy.    Suck on your losses.
Thankfully The new cheaper Batteries in Production are not prone to  spontaneous combustion due to inadvertent damage, so as these  earlier batteries are eventually phased out and or replaced with  batteries that charge even faster and what's more provide so much  more range, prices for both these new batteries and New Cars will  . . . . Plumet.
The whole middle-man dealership scheme is nothing but a legalized scam.
This is a very sad tale. I'm guessing that in Canada as is the case in Australia, the governments are pushing EV's purely to satisfy their commitment to reducing fossil fuel emissions and nothing else such as sustainability or any other real long term environmental benefits. There are no real protections for the consumers by the government regarding EV's.  You are told to do your research, but what does that really mean? There is so much conflicting information out there, what is the truth and what questions should you ask?  Unless you are  mechanic, you can only ask basic questions. This poor guy has parted with his hard earned money,  in good faith and what does he get? Kicked. The reality is the insurance company will sell the car (probably back to the Dealer :-)), they'll install a new battery (at their cost price) and sell the car as a year old car. I certainly would not recommend the Dealer to anybody. Hyundai also has a lot to answer to as they should have a better selection criteria for their Dealers. At the end of the day, this has hurt Hyundai too. IF Hyundai had any balls, they would step in and get the car back from the insurance company and rescind the claim, check if the battery needs replacing and if it does, replace it at cost, then apologise to the young lad for the grief. The reality is that shit happens, it's how you deal with it that makes the point of difference.  BUT, I would also want to know how/why the battery was damaged and why the protection cover didn't do it's job. From the pictures, the damage only looks superficial to me. IMHO cars produced after about 1990 are consumable items. The replacement of non recyclable parts is huge and expensive. How can this be good for the consumer or the environment? I'll stick to my 1992 diesel land cruiser. At least I know what it will cost to run and maintain.
HYUNDAI BUILDS KOREAN HUMAN WASTE
With the environmental impact to fabricate the car, writing off the vehicle just increased the owners carbon footprint so much, he would have been better to drive a gas vehicle for 30 years.
Screw EV. I'll save $100,000 until I die.
I have decided to cancel my EV 2024 order after watching this video. Thank you for uploading this video.
I bought a 2014 Chevy Volt with 104k miles on it.  Within 6 months, its battery failed and I was quoted $22,000 to replace it.  No more EVs until batteries are as standardized and replaceable as tires.
I bought a 2022 Hyundai Tucson Ultimate Hybrid based on your reviews, because I really trust your information and I am very happy that I did. I was wondering, have there been any issues with the battery in these models? Mine in not the plug in version, so any information would be very much appreciated. I am so impressed that you took this issue on, Rare is the man or woman who would do that. I hope that Kyle gets some satisfaction from Hyundai.
People, just buy turbodiesel cars/SUVs and there will be no such issues.
Electric cars are a crock!  Stay away unless you're a millionaire.
Wait, @3:33 the invoice shows the body shop paid $6649 for the battery pack, but then charged $56,649 to the client???  A $50,000 increase?  What glorious insanity of greed is this?  The issue is not the expense of the battery pack, but the idotic markup of the dealer doing the repairs.
I say you guys don't do reviews on Hyundai or Kia anymore.
HOLY Shyt! 😳😳😳  Hard pass on the Hyundai  brand........now the guy is terrified of the impact to his insurance rate! WTH?! What a freaking nightmare!  A hybrid has a smaller battery...gotta be way cheaper to replace the battery when ya get a scratch.  When ya buy a full EV, they can void the warranty for a scratch on the bottom panel like that?? Phuc dat.
Why not convert it into petrol vehicle 😅 buy a brand new internal combustion enginer and just turn it to petrol
BUT they said EV's have almost no maintenance costs (due to lack of engine) LOL yup and also because the car is junk because the battery costs more than the car
....and this is the difference between these Automotive review Changes.  These people read a script during their review process but really have ZERO clue about the mechanics of the car.  There's only one channel anyone should really trust in YouTube and it's The Car Care Nut and SavageGeese who goes in-depth with the mechanics of the vehicle
This was 100% a cash grab. There's no way that the cost on those batteries is such that they're worth more than retail on a brand new car. This needs legislation to protect consumers and punish companies that prey on them like this.
It’s Hyundai, what do u expect other than a piece of shiet
Note to self….SCREW Canada and their insurance company. Why is it state owned?
Very nice reporting!
I feel sorry for the original owner. IMO Hyundai/Kia are penny-wise, dollar foolish vehicles considering their reputation re: quality, durability and their very disposable construction. This, along with their use of child labor, are the reasons why I would never consider a vehicle from these companies. In any case, imo EV's are not a mature product re: construction and battery technology, and until the tech has matured I would not consider one.
How is this suppose to be greener. Instead of keeping the car around you basically throw away the entire car and buy a new one. Yet not many people can afford to buy a new car and pay it off every few years. This seems like the most un-green thing ever
Welcome to EV world if you think the price of a replacement battery being more than the car cost “doesn’t make sense”.  Anyone thinking new cars being junked over a  battery that may have or may have being damaged isn’t happening a lot is a special kind of stupid..  Never before has the term “throw away vehicles” fit better..   Yall can live in fairytale land thinking you are saving the planet by digging large craters in far away lands out of sight and out of mind. It’s been documented creating and disposing of an EV is just as harmful to the environment than a ICE vehicle over its lifetime. Unlike a new ICE vehicle that gets totaled, the totaled EV does all that harm on the environment.  As far as the battery replacement going down after time. That’s merely a claim/empty promises.  A manufacturer can say replacement batteries could be as low as free in 8 years, doesn’t mean they actually will be.   Sucks seeing people get hosed like this. But what happens when believing the hype and buying into snake oil.  Other than motorcycles my newest vehicle is a 2000, and not a single thing I can’t fix myself for peanuts.  I’ll still be driving them in 10 years when y’all’s 1st and probably 2nd EV’s have already been scrapped. lol
Yep EVs are the way of the CEOs future not yours, screw EVs
Mechanic saying for YEARS dont buy Hyundai
Take a good look at the invoice.  Either their LIST and NET line is being truncated  (both show 6649.98) or their system is miscalculating the total AMOUNT.   I would tell the company you want to pay LIST!    6649.98 sounds more like it!
Get a Gasoline or Diesel vehicle.  Duh!
They don't seem bias at all. Seems Hyundai can join the likes of the big three in having been verified as sabotaging the EV industry. Just make them cheap and with a reasonable range. Make the batteries modular for longer or shorter trips and easy replacement of a failed module. Man these auto industry engineers are stupid!
Trust a Dealer as much as you would trust a Banker or a Doctor.  Everyone of them is only looking at how much they can get out of you.  Logic is not a tool they use because they know they can hook you on your emotions much easier.  And this is only a thing that gets worse the more of a Tech World we live in because we dumb monkeys cant fix it ourselves.
I heard that dealerships can't even get people to take test drives
Can I find it kind of funny that the guy that ended up being ripped off by Hyundai literally looks like a Korean? 😂
No EV for me , this is reason!
In the USA ,Hyundai has gotten away with sticking people with bad 2.0 and 2.4 engines.  I had to pay for a new engine for my hybrid.  My engine used a quart a week of oil.   I WOULD NEVER NEVER AGAIN BUY HYUNDAI OR KIA!  People will learn when they are upside down and have a trashed engine.  Its just a matter of time.  I did buy the extended factory warranty.  useless.
Wonder how much he could buy it from the insurance company as a salvage. Just drive it!
If I owned one, I would get a big skid plate under it ASAP
Pathetic
There probably selling the car at a loss , that’s why a new battery cost more then the actual car
here it is a lot cheaper cause a battery swap is roughly 10000€ if you return the old battery. so no big deal.  Sounds like the usual scam when a dealer is not willing to help.
Electric cars should be banned!!
These EV’s are gonna be uninsurable down the track. Shit boxes. There will be EV waste lands all over the world full of these hunks of junk. Renewable my arse.
I would put $60,000 into an Attorney and sue them. Publicity and a billboard for a year.
Time to put a nice clean efficient Diesel engine in it.
I think anything EV is a bad decision.
Every other Hyundai parts store has that battery listed around 40,000$ CAD. Smells like the dealership wanted to pocket some easy insurance money.
When Hewlett Packard starts to make cars…
People don't know how much it cost to replace batteries in these things? More money than brains! Rich people are dumb.
The automotive industry really is a raging dumpster fire, glad I got out.
All you fools who buy EV's..... Think your contributing to climate change..... You're only fooling yourself
This is why you buy new car replacement insurance on a new vehicle. They cover 100% of the cost for the first two or three years for about $70 a month from icbc
Good to know. I will not ever buy a Hyundai or an electric car.
Carbon foot print prank.
I would be very interested to know as this vehicle is being salvaged ??? Is this battery now going to be available for sale on the second hand market , as it appears not to have been damaged , BUT dose that then expose the new owner to the responsabiliy of catastrophic battery failure . Also if the battery is not damaged and or can not  be reused , what a huge environmental loss .thanks. Gordon
This is absurd. If the $60k battery needs to be replaced after such a minor scrape to its outer casing like this, then Hyundai has manufactured an item that is NOT fit for purpose. In Canada we have laws that specifically protect us in these situations. The Consumer Protection Act states that goods must be fit for their purpose when sold, and also continue to be so for a reasonable amount of time after the sale (depending on the purpose, price paid, etc). If this doesn’t happen, then the CPA says there is a “presumption of latent defect”, i.e. the item was defective prior to sale. Hyundai needs to replace this at their cost or face a class action claim that covers everyone affected by this issue. Both Kyle and ICBC should be claimant in the suit. That’s the only way that Hyundai and other EV sellers will be prevented from ripping off customers and their insurers in this manner.
I'm having issues with my EV as well, a Kia (same brand). Known major defect that Kia refuses to repair (that would cost $14-15k out of warranty), that I've been fighting with them for over a year on. Can't sell it because of the defect, they won't repair it, I've been back and forth with Kia, the dealers, and a lawyer. Started at 30k, and now I'm at 70k with the problem gradually getting worse. Kia seems to want to run out my warranty or just force me to give up. It's a real mess and pretty frustrating to deal with. I will never buy a car from this company again.
No thank you, I will keep my 20 yr some car that still can get 35 miles hwy and 30 miles city.  20 yrs old!!!!!  NO EV'S!
What happened to her face ???
What should of happened is Kyle should not have bought an eletric car done
They also didn't add the labor down the bottom. The total parts doesn't match the top.
It is not time for EV. EV are expensive, dangerous, acquard to charge them, it feels like driving a blender rather than a real vehicle. I wouldn't buy an EV unless the sutuation changes dramatically in favor of the consumers. I drive a Toyota Limited Edition for more than 17 years and it hasn't given me any major problem whatsoever, uses regular gas and my mechanic for maintenace mostly is competent honest and experienced in Japanese vehicles. Buying an EV now::::: Are you crazy??
You can buy a really nice zero mile built crate LS for $8000. Problem solved.
This should serve as a warning to anyone considering buying an EV. I have a fair amount of experience with rechargeable batteries of various sizes, in various applications, particularly in standby/backup power systems for homes and businesses. What always dogged me was the universally short lifespan of such batteries. In my experience, nearly all rechargeable batteries last only two to three years before needing replacement. It doesn't seem to much matter what battery chemistry is involved (Li-ion, NiMH, Ni-Cd, etc.). They all have a very limited lifetime.   Even if a replacement EV battery were only around say, $5,000 That would still stop me cold in buying any EV or battery hybrid. Perhaps some third-party extended warranty policies provide adequate coverage for this? No, I'll wait for either battery technology, or dealer customer relations policy, to improve.
I could get a built billet motor for my wrx sti with all forged internals, new turbo, fueling system etc, and still have money left over 🤣
Yeah, thats why I let stupid people go first on new things people don't know what they are buying.
Since day one E-cars are a scam! Why not remove the cover and suvey the batteries ? If cover is scratched and bateries OK change cover instead!
Imagine the depreciation value it would be worse than a BMW.
It's a typo. It says 6,649.98 in the 1st column.
Paying more than $20k for a hyundai is already silly, $60k for parts and labor is borderline criminal.
Must cost a fortune to ship a 2000 pound battery from South Korea to the dealer.  Set up to ship cars, not batteries.
Sorry to tell you this but plastic is not going to protect your battery pack. Hitting a dog could damage it beyond repair especially as low as these cars sit now day. Cheap crap should be steel plate
Thanks for reaffirming why I will never buy an EV. Tesla now Hyundai have horrible battery replacement plans.
Was he getting any warning messages? I would have crawled under there and looked for myself. If I was worried, I would have just sold the car.
Hyundai wanted $1500 for a second level 1 charger (one is supplied with the car).  Same charger on Amazon $150-250.00...
Why is the battery so pricy? Batteries are expensive, but That's 2-3 times more expensive than comparable batteries from other manufacturers.
Just imagine how the secondhand market will look like with all those EV's. People will get rid of them once the battery range starts to drop and a secondhand one (with a new battery) will cost double the price of a new one. Plenty of people won't even be able to buy a secondhand car anymore!
Cheaper to put a petrol engine in it?
No fucking way im gonna pay for a battery replacement that cost more than the damn car itself. I knew its gonna be expensive but not more than the car itself.
Nothing new it’s just your average STEALERSHIP service telling you something. My mom once got charged 800 dollars to replace her rear rotor for her 2019 Lexus rx350 f sport. That’s right rotor not rotors. Just one damn rotor. Lexus tried to make it all special and sophisticated technology is behind it. I’m like bruh it’s just a damn rotor. Then again my mom is 72 years old so they’re taking advantage of her age. I started doing her services for her car like cabin filter, air filter, oil changes, brake pads and rotors. She’s been going to the dealership for her services for years. Literally 30-40x cheaper than what dealership charges. I got all the OE stuff from eBay.
Man how does no one is that the battery price was a typo? The most pathetic part is Hyundai Canada higher ups looked at the quote and still doesn’t see the price error. It’s list price is $6,649.98. Someone added a 5 into the $6,649.98 which made it $56,649.98🤦🏻‍♂️
And that is why Hyundai suck! Simple as that 🤣
Even more reason to double down and stay put with my 1995 Nissan Maxima.  The complete lack of confidence I have in EVs is now fully cemented . Never ever trust a EV
EV such a SCAM. Can't wait for 2035
What am I missing here from that estimate: 37501-GI351 NET $6,649.98 , or is it missing the 5 on left due to lack of space?
Hyundai/Kia is for people with bad credit, they will finance anyone wtih 29.99% APR  They are manufactured by 12 year old Guatemalan kids in Alabama
I was in the business for 49 years.....,use your noggin...take it to a local shop, and have them drop the panel and inspect the battery....if ok, no worries or you can just bend over and let the dealer stick it to you...very simple.
This is why EVs are a waste of money. Until they figure out the battery and its cost they arent worth it.
Thank you for this video.  Will definitely NOT buy a Hyundai EV/Kia EV.
So if he hadn't got the car checked and it caught fire, he would have been liable? What a scam. Electric vehicles are not safe. I'll never own one.
Lesson here is "Never trust the dealership and always involve the head office."  Second, electric vehicles are not up to the level yet for all consumers. This includes the infrastructure and also the repairability in these rare cases.  Still think of electric vehicles as giant electric phone rather than vehicles that you would have to replace based on your battery condition.
Moral of the story. Don’t support these companies. Going to cancel my Hyundai order asap.
The invoice says: "Battery SY, LIst 6649.98, Net 6649.98, Amount 56,649.98".  Did you ask them how 6649.98 suddenly becomes 56,649.98? What is the extra 50,000 for?
It would be interesting to know what happened to the original IONIQ 5 considering the rest of the car was like new. If it was put back on the road how much did the replacement battery actually cost or are we to believe the whole car was scraped?
I am thinking about replacing my current car with a second hand EV as I don't do many miles but listening to your video I have to ask myself what if the battery gets damaged or flooded so is written off by the insurance company. So will pay me the market value of an EV with a damaged battery. Zilch!! I'm sticking to ICE
Manufacturers to Dealers: For every battery warranty you cancel you'll receive a kickback. Dealers to Mechanics: Find any scratches on the polypropylene protective battery cover.
Are you sure there's not a misunderstanding here?  The quote clearly shows the net price of the battery being $6649.98.  But the amount shows $56,649.98.
I’d be sueing somebody
That dealership is a scammership 😂😂😂
Whole story sounds like prepaid campain against EV in general.
As crazy as Elon is, the Tesla cars are the only sane choice in EVs now. Maybe the Aptera car will be the next reliable one when it is released at a reasonable price point. If you are looking to by a EV today, just buy a Model 3, especially if you are throwing around $60k USD, the M3 starting point is $45k. Clearly the big brands haven't worked this out yet. I thought also the Ioniq was built to satisfy a California law, rather than to actually be a viable car.
So - range anxiety, insurance issues, potential fire hazard, few charging stations, more expensive tires and now battery protection that protects the auto maker and not the purchaser.  Hmmmm. Mr. Biden.
Paid $50,000 for a Hyundai.  He’s a moron.
No. No. Bad (dishonest) dealer. Dealer proclaimed warranty void.      Get a lawyer. The protection shield was scratched but it wasn’t proved that the battery was damaged.      Your statement that other brands will have the same issue wasn’t substantiated in your story.      I have a Kia. I would discourage from buying a Kia.      This is a dealer and liability issue, not an EV vs ICE issue.
Totally Ripe off, Youre not saving planet earth with that sucking price😂 😮
Wait, look at the batterie price  Is 6649 listed twice before the Mistake of 56649 Somebody made a mistake with adding the 5 in front List and net price is $6649 That what i read What do you see ??
If scratches to a superficial protection cover can write off a vehicle, it wasn't it merchantable quality / not fit for purpose / the durability of the product is what you should reasonably expect from a product costing C$55k - this isn't an unbranded kettle you've bought.
This is crazy..why do i get a 3y warranty with my 120 euro battery!!!
The EV joke
Slightly different story here..In Ireland Mitsubishi give a 7y warranty with all vehicles,but the catch here is if you replace even a wiper from your local motor factors,Mitsubishi void the warranty...now how many people know that when buying a car in general.
Don't buy EV's , they're useless.
This stops me from getting an EV. No “durable good” product can have a single part worth more than the whole thing.  EVs need to be able to be serviced, not just throw away.
Why does it seem like every time I hear an EV repair horror story it’s Hyundai…  I hope the more reputable automakers take note and provide more transparency on EV repair costs off the bat
Would have been easier to just sell the car with a discount instead of dealing with the all that dealer and warranty media publicity bs. I don’t think the damage is serious or disabling.
A battery for the Ionic 6 in the UK is around £7000 plus labour. $60k is insane.
Good luck trying to find somewhere to dump that useless battery.  Don't buy electric.
Electric vehicles are a scam.
I would like an electric car someday as part of the fleet. But problems like this make me hesitate on if that is a good idea. I think they are neat. I also own a few sweet gas cars for context
We are complete as an society. Cars have become printers!
I think you should have mentioned the CANADIAN DOLLAR in your title. It seems a little misleading to me. I would rather have 44k than 60k. I could choose a tezla instead of a cheaper electric car for replacement.
soon the scrap yards will be full of EV vehicles...no body will want to get a second mortgage on their house to pay for a replacement after the battery is done...I've worked with batteries all my working carrier of almost 50 years in the telephone industry and back about almost 20 years ago we replaced the big glass batteries that phone companies used till the sealed batteries for phone companies out...the glass batteries where serviceable and last almost for ever...the first sealed batteries we used had to be replaced not all that long after they were installed because the batteries started to swell and then the next ones were made better but I've been retired for 10 years now and I don't know if the replaced ones are still good...but to do the replacement they had to be replaced by people who were expert with the newer type and as well the cost of replacing them was included for the disposing of the old ones...I would think this cost of disposing the EV batteries will be included in the cost of the new ones and the labour of replacement.
So basically the dealer took a half assed look at a car that had nothing wrong with  it other than a scuff and thought, I can make a lot of money from this customer...
Yeah, there is a reason I’m not an early adopter of any new technology. I’ll come in when things are much more matured.
Am I missing something ? *Is anyone looking at* 6:41 ? The List, Net, and Amount? Where did the extra 5 come from ? It went from 6,649.98 to 56,649.98 The labor is 2,912.47  - which sounds about right. SOMEONE is stupid here, the person who filled out the quote or the idiots on this film who are passing this off as real .
Very simple, if you want EV - just buy tesla. They replace your battery for $10,000-15,000. Still bad but at least managable. So far they seems the only one who has everything EV related figured out.
Hence why I will never own a EV vehicle.
Warranty void? Isnt that what a warranty is for? Fuck that.
No don't buy no ev junk
I thought of getting an ev, but the more you stories about battery replacement costs, and does the cost of batteries really cover fuel saving costs? The answer is no. All car manufacturers want to get out of the EV market. This alone should tell you that it’s not a good investment.
Well zero chance I will get one now
Unfortunately, EVs are rich people's toys. I'd gladly pay 60 thousand dollars for an SUV and dump gas into it every week. Knowing that if anything catastrophic happened, it could be serviced for a reasonable cost and it probably won't be written off. The thought of running over a random rock with an EV and then staring down the barrel of a 60,000 bill? No thanks. I'll take a gas guzzling SUV any day.
Haha stay away from electric cars!
First of all remember a large majority of the electricity is produced by coal fire plants. So how much you really saving?? Second, if you go ev just make sure you have a gas powered vehicle as a back up 🤷🏻‍♂️
BS....
not only couldnt afford to fix it himself but even if he could get the parts due to the high voltage in the battery it is very dangerous for the consumer to try to mess with the battery.  there is enough power in an ev battery to vaporize most stuff that would cause a short.  he could drive it until it starts a fire then by witch time the insurance should pay because then property is severely damaged.
It's like the world has lost the ability to think rationally anymore. They just want to make a fast buck through insurance. There is no way that battery is worth anywhere near  60,000 if the car is only worth 55,000.  How the hell can they diagnose that the batteries been impacted when they haven't even removed the cover to check. As a previous commenter said I think you need to involve a lawyer because these cowboys are just trying to pull a fast one.   I had a rear window replaced through insurance and it cost the insurance company over £1,000. The window fitter that was fitting It said if you did it privately it would cost less than £300.  We are all being ripped off by these repair centres and insurance companies and it's about time that someone stepped in and stop this fraudulent money making.
thats electric cars for you
Good old gasoline. It's the future.
Stop buying this junk. They're no longer hiring mechanics to do the labour, even I can do the work after some training because it's a replacement business not engineering or repairing. It's cheap products flying off the shelf, it's automotive fast food
wait,  why was the battery warranty voided?
Hm, I might have to reconsider cancelling my Hyundai order...
If this situation is so rare y not just save face and swap out the mans car start fresh. Maybe gain some customers. But no they are gunna go this route and cause customers to not want to buy this garbage product. Clearly garbage if its written off due to scratches.
how do you know when a dealership is lying?  their mouths are moving.
EVs are a scam. The Prius was the leading pioneer in hybrid tech and Toyota is the biggest car company in the world. Ask yourself why they don't have a full EV (bz4x and Subaru Solterra are actually made by Chinese automaker GAC). Ask yourself why the ceo of Toyota recently said the future of cars is not EV, and why they had to be dragged kicking and screaming into the EV market by shitty regulation, like California's ICE ban. EVs are good at one thing: making people think you give a shit about the environment. If you bought a tesla to impress women, congrats, you're doing it right. Any other reason to buy an EV is totally bunk, and sometimes actually the opposite of the truth. EVs are not good for the environment. You plug it into the wall; where do you think your wall electricity comes from? California is especially stupid because they switched to renewable energy a while back like wind and solar, and it's been such a disaster we have rolling black outs every year, and California buys dirty energy from surrounding states, forcing them to up their fossil fuel consumption. Furthermore, the materials pollute more than an ICE over time. Not to mention the child slaves digging up your cobalt in the Congo. So to recap: you save no money, you don't save the environment, you contribute to child slavery, range and recharging times are trash compared to ICE vehicles, you go through more tires because the battery is so heavy, and once your car is outdated in 5-10 years it's trash. You won't see a 50yo classic EV in the future since the tech is almost obsolete by the time the car rolls outta the dealership. Hybrids are the best if you're trying to help the environment and save money in the long run. ICE is second best, but still my favorite. EVs are a scam.
A whole car to be replaced for a scratch. Very good for the environment huh?
Thank you for posting this. This is deplorable and lawyers should be involved.
I have owned and leased so many new vehicles and makes in my professional life and this interesting story is sadly just one more reason for us to stop supporting dealerships. This case along with so many other one-sided, untruthful, money-grabbing examples further illuminate that sector's long-practiced culture.  "Customer Care" to us means "They are in our corner or Will help us without stress and worry" ,,,,  Truth is; "Customer Care" in dealshipian translates to "Profit Optimization or Sales Loss Mitigation".   Seriously - When will we the customers be able to purchase our new vehicles directly from the manufacturers?  Online perhaps? or any other method that bypasses their current distribution model.      Manufacturers must know by now that nobody looks forward to going to a dealership and are certainly aware of their one-sided practices. How can the manufacturers operate knowing their dealerships do nothing to help in brand loyalty. If they actually knew what their true lost sales are per year, they may start paying attention. Until then, the manufacturers are responsible for allowing this culture of shabby behavior to go on.      That team horses is looking better all the time.
Why would anyone buy a Hyundai/Kia? Their engines are trash, they don’t care about their customers, and they’ll take any opportunity to try to screw the owner over.
Not worth buying an EV then because this is insane.
at least he didn't get one of those shitty teslas with panel gaps!Hyundais are much better AmIRiTe?😂 Tesla model 3's battery is less than half.
I will never buy an EV. I don't care if that means I have to buy a horse to get around. EVs are a joke.
Bulk of the invoice must be the fact you got to disassemble half the car to swap the batteries
Another reason not to buy an electric car the increase in the guys insurance would pay fuel cost for two years
So basically the battery is the cost of vehicle itself.
how much you wanna bet that car was resold shortly after with virtually nothing done to it?
How does Hyundai become Hunday?
What? You're kidding? How are EVs going to save the planet again? Suckers are born everyday...
"Kyle"
If a dealership isn’t qualified to drop a battery and inspect modules then that is a huge issue. It seems Hyundai may need to shoulder most of the blame here.Can a dealership void a warranty without approval from the manufacturer?  Usually the dealership would contact the manufacturer and they would approve or deny paying for the work to be done. So much that doesn’t make sense here.
Note to self, don't buy Hyundai, got it 👍
Want to avoid all this!!  Don’t buy an electric vehicle
That doesn't surprise me... My coworker has a VW Tiguan and her battery died. Her son changed out the battery only to find out that the battery has to be 'programed' for the car. It cost her more than $1000 at the dealship. They had to take out the new battery, replace it and reprogram the car. That's why I won't purchase any new vehicles... They're making it to where you cannot work on your own car anymore.
or people could just ride bikes, develop some skill, and toughen up a little...  What I'm saying it that the lengths we've gone to to try to escape and insulate ourselves the natural elements of the world is astounding...all these downstream consequences of thinking we have to be protected and cocooned from the world at all times causes a ripple effect of this insanity where fully-capable people are coddled and are effectively forced into wheelchairs(yes I consider cars wheelchairs) for their whole lives....    Why can't we just have protected bike lanes on all the streets and roads(not highways of course).  This all coming from a human who predominantly uses 2 wheels for transportation, leisure, and adventure.
Lol…BEV’s are NOT environmentally friendly. Not until the car has been driven for at least 100k miles.
Everybody needs at least 1 of these electric cars
Remember how upset we all got when replacement ink for a printer cost more than a new printer? This is the same scam multiplied by 600.  So, if the "protection cover" is even slightly damaged, the battery (which is ostensibly protected by said cover) must be replaced, no questions asked? Seems like a scam to me. Sort of like the "moisture indicators" manufacturers used to put in cell phones to avoid honoring warranties. Looks like Hyundai and the EV market lost a customer.  Plus, how environmentally friendly is it to scrap an entire car that by all means is barely even used? Hyundai even had the nerve to ask Kyle if he would buy another Hyundai model at a discount. How about, "No!!!"? Buying a Hyundai has done major damage to Kyle's finances now and will continue to cause damage for many years to come.
This is only the beginning folks. Between the batteries and updates and calibrations dealers charge everyone is going to see their expenses escalate beyond belief. This also goes for new gas cars with all the cameras and optional equipment. As far as having one accident and your insurance double in cost also is very questionable. We need outside advocates not for charge lawyers to help.
EVs will turn out to be causing the worst Environmental Damage inflicted on this planet in the history of humanity
This really feels like the people at that dealership have a hate on for electric cars. If that’s the case, hopefully Hyundai management tore a strip off of them. Would like to know if this was an independent dealer or a mega dealer with 200+ locations. The story is great publicity for EV haters. For years this story is going to be used to smash EV proponents over the head and give decision makers another reason not to incorporate charging infrastructure into their projects.
*hyundai screws one paying customer over, saves $60k*  *potential customers find out and avoid hyundai like plague, loses more than $60k in real sales*
Why didn’t we listen to Scotty Kilmer?! Why buying electric? Manufacturing those things creates more pollution than driving a V8! Even if it was not damaged, after few years it will degrade and need replacement for more than the car worth. In the history of man kind I never heard of a gas tank needed replacement after few years?!!! People, just buy gas cars till they have the infrastructure for hydrogen fuel cells!!!!!
No second hand market for electic cars 😂
Wow. This is not only insane, it's obscene. My wife and I were considering an Ionic 5 last year when we needed to replace a dead vehicle and wanted to enter the EV market, but the long wait times and pending changes to battery technology (to support greater range on a single charge) made it completely impractical to enter the market at that time, so we went with a conventional combustion solution. After seeing this, I'm so glad that we made the choice that we did (a conventional combustion engine with good fuel economy). I'll not enter the EV market until A) warranty issues like this are more properly handled, B) elapsed times for full charges are dramatically reduced, C) driving range is improved substantially (i.e. energy density is significantly increased), and D) the possibility of having to completely refinance your transportation in the case of an incidence like this one is eliminated. What a nightmare.
I will never a EV if i won one i would sell it immediately
i am so thankful that i seen this story i was test driving an Ev.  from my local dealership and i had discussed with my wife trading in my Nissan . that wont be happing now.
Makes me think twice about Hyundai, Kia,and Genesis with how they treated Kyle and the PR response of "you're SOL."
I will never ever buy an EV !! The cost of a replacement battery is way off the scale. So I will stick to driving my Alfa Romeo 3.0 V6 and my Audi TT 3,2 V6 and the middle finger to all the save the planet  brain washed morons .Don't bother with the negative replies I won't be reading them. Peace LOL !!!
Elon Musk is the world's most prolific conman, convinced millions that EV's are green and environmentally friendly. What he never told people is the cost of battery replacement, and what happens to the spent battery regarding it's disposal.
Seems like having an ICE protected by a skid plate, than scratching the plate, only for the dealership to say that you need a new engine.
Utterly bizarre how in these days of environmentalism and recycling, a small scratch on the protective shield requires an entire new battery. This is the future of automotive transport ?
This is why I would not pay more than 25k for a disposable car
Lol, these EV's are such a rip off!!! Agenda 2030 is real.
Just awful. So much waste for a very small driver error.
What's the VIN, I'll buy this salvage!
I wish everyone who pushes EV ignorance to endure the battery replacement.
Don't buy an electric car .as it's been proven they are not green by any means
The moral of the story is don't be a guinea pig and jump into an electric car.
Battery is as much cost as the car. Looks like rest of the car is free with the Batteries.
And this is how they’re going to ensure that the majority will never afford a car again.
Buy petrol or diesel cars. End of discussion.
Reminds me of those spiral florescent bulbs. Environment friendly at first. Then environmental harm.
So Hyundai is Apple 2.0
Easy solution don't buy battery powered vehicles.
buy an Elantra N instead and be happy!!!
After 3 yrs an EV will have no value, just take that 60k vehicle to the junk yard. There will be no used car market for these. It will essentially be like cell phones except way more expensive.
Well those weasel PR words from Hy were meaningless. What an oxygen thief!  There is no way I’ll be buying an EV after this and many other battery horror stories.
We dodged a bullet. We were so close to buying an Ioniq 5 but have now actually decided to hold off on a new electric car entirely for now. Its just to big a risk and the charging infrastructure is just not there yet in Canada. Also they are still mostly luxury class and more expensive than we want to pay. And ppl say electrics say you money, well they don't take into consideration the likely battery replacement that will need to be done after 10-15 years and the depreciation that will cause.
The first mistake was paying that much for a Hyundai.  😂
Sorry, I have absolutely NO pity for people who have chosen e-waste. Anyone who buys such rubbish should feel it
shoulda bought a honda
you gotta be pretty dumb to get an electric car in the beginning 😂
EV will be a huge fail. Hybrids are the only thing that makes sense at the moment
Society at large is culpable for allowing insurance companies to tax you extra on the exact purpose for which their service exists: an event triggering the insurance service for which you are paying - the absurdity is colossal and was never intended for the good of society at large
Me and my two 90's Honda's find this kind of humorous...
How on earth can the battery alone cost as much as an entire car? That’s a question that should have been asked and it seems never was. This whole thing still stinks. Hyundai Canada is going to determine the battery costs??? It’s a part. Why is that part going to be a variable cost? Are they just going to charge what they feel like charging? Also in a case like this why can’t the pack be inspected and repaired as required? Others have demonstrated that you can disassemble and repair these battery packs why not the manufacturer? And if corporate is going to now be the decision maker why is that? Are dealers and techs not being adequately and properly trained to service and diagnose these cars?
Just another hit against the EV industry. The EV industry is in shambles, no standard recharging infrastructure, no standard plug in receptacles and exaggerated range claims -  It's no wonder public is backing off from investing into an EV. Manufacturers are going to take large $$$ hits including Tesla .
Electric cars are made for stupid people
I looked up battery part number and it's actual price is 32K, which is still crazy amount, when it only cost $139/kwh why are they charging so much for these batteries it's insane
Tesla battery replacement goes for about 22k US, so this seems like a lot.
Oil forever, I love it. I love my Small Blocks & Big Blocks I grew up with.
Hyun die is not a good company! they never stand behind warranty and force individuals to sue them. they like Ford back in the day figure that will be less then actually doing the right thing. look up NHTS on them bought a new 2013 veloster turbo complete loss due to poor engineering which they admitted but still would not do anything. for being Asian co they have no honor along with the normally shady us car dealerships
Should have bought a Tesla CyberTruck
How are you out of warranty within 1 yr of owning a new car? Someone needs to be sued and this is why hybrids and ev’s can all go away.
Compressing the batt cover can crush the close to AA sized cells. Thermal runaway issues. 43% discount loss is not double insurance cost it should not effect driving record if it was not crash related seems like a financial penalty for running over a curb.
Kyle can just..keep driving his perfectly good car...this is just a waste of money imo
That's the problem right there. The morons of the world actually believe there's a "carbon footprint." Newsflash! Everything's made out of carbon. Trees and all things green need carbon to survive. Just unbelievable!
Not buying a Hyundai for sure -
Be warned kiddos, this is what you face with an EV.  Checkout the UK too for similar insanity (MacMaster channel and his EV woes).  You break the fuel tank on a petrol or diesel, couple of hundred $$ to replace (or a patch) and you can do it yourself if you are competent.  Break the "fuel tank" (the battery) on an EV, you are in a whole new WORLD....    nay, UNIVERSE of financial pain.
Some people have more money than brains.
Canada has some of the weakest consumer protections in any "developed" economy... Hyundai is just a shitty company exploiting this weakness as hard as they can.
Knew this a long time ago when this fad started that when it comes time to fix these ridiculous cars it will cost you big time. You can buy a crate engine for many gas /diesel vehicles for far less lmao. Get what you pay for lol.
This is the least of what smug elitist EV owners deserve Bahaha
If the car still operates, go on about your day. Get a new insurance provider and a non-ev Toyota while you're at it.
Just run away from Electric vehicle
Inexperienced dealer nonsense. Find someone with actual experience with EV's. Not that big of a deal. You're expecting a high level of working knowledge and common sense from Hyundai / Kia?
Ahhh, the Kia/Hyundai/Genesis experience. Stop buying korean junk!
Just think of how these stories impact used EV sales.
ESG, people!
I am from Horsholm Denmark, and it seem slike you are a bit afraid to call out the Korean companies , Kia and Hyundai as being the villain(s) in this story.   Kia and Hyundai do have a seven years warranti for their vehicles but are well known to be very vigilant when it comes to courtesy behavior, such as replacing parts which in a strict interpretation could be considered the customers resposibility, but with a more sensible view should be the manufactures resposibility.   And here the Koreans are absolutely horrible as this case clearly shows. European manufactures are definetely a lot more customer oriented when it omes to these kind repairs. A lot of horror stories goes around when it comes to how Korean car manufactureres deal with their customers if something in their opinion is out of their warranty obligation.   It seem like they mostly are using their seven years warranty as a sales argument more than a customer service obligation as it should be.
And here , Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury , is why the low to average income driver , has absolutely no faith in electric vehicles .      All the drum banging about how eco friendly they are , while we mine the crap out of the earth for the materials needed to make such batteries .     All the BS  about how cheap they are to run , when I could pick up a perfectly decent petrol  motor , for between £3,000- 15,000 .      All the baloney about how safe they are , when we see almost daily , the battery fires. which prove almost impossible to quell .       And here , we have another beauty in the making . A Bill so vast, it's akin to robbery . The only thing that's missing is a shotgun .      It's a sham , AA scandal ,and a joke . Orr it would be a joke , if the poorest of drivers weren't being. Run off the roads in their perfectly serviceable petrol cars , to make way for electric vehicles , costing £50,000 upwards , which contribute nothing to the environmental cause . And cause only sorrow to any fool , who mistakenly believed electric was the the answer .
QUIT YOUR WHINING AND CRYING....AND GET A LAWYER
An electric vehicle is just an expensive golf cart.
I have a 5.7L V8 truck.   It would take me 200,000 km to go through $30,000 worth of fuel.  Or 400,000km in a base model civic.
44.8k usd
haha just stick it to the insurance companies, classic! Insurance companies won't take long to make big changes when it comes to auto insurance now.
Reason # 146,328 to not buy a Hyundai / Kia.
Complex situation full of perverse incentives.  Everyone passing the blame.  Makes you understand why Tesla's business model is to control everything...
You can keep your ev bs. Enjoy. Wait until your electric and registration fees double. Repair are likely twice that of a gas-powered car.  Have fun. Any excuse they can find to not cover a repair.
man, plug in hybrids are the way to go!
The IONIQ 5 is the best car in it's sector.  But, with poor manufacturer policies and dealer care, best to avoid owning.
Warning to those in the car market:  Probably think twice about buying an EV.
He needs to buy gas vehicle. EV is a scam....as he is finding out!! For INS.....mine doubled with no infractions of any kind....Jay Inslee's soft on crime here in Washington state the auto theft has made my INS double this yr!!
And that's why kids you don't buy EVs!
To be fair "Kyle" could have just had his uncle ship him a new battery from the motherland
Until major highways and my driveway are a wireless charging pad, im not interested.
SHAME on you Hyundai Canada. At least offer to cover his double insurance costs for the next ten years. You make hundreds of millions profits each year, you can say sorry and hand him a few thousand dollars each year, for the next ten years.
Rule #1: Don't purchase EVs!
I just saw someone on tv, can’t remember name, that said when you compare electric car mileage to a gallon of gas the electric car costs roughly $17 U.S. per gallon
I recently had a similar issue. I had a 2017 C-Max and the battery was in need of replacement while still under warranty. They filibustered me for months until the warranty wore out. A replacement battery was $16,000 before labor, etc. The blue book on the car was $7k. Electric vehicles are a scam. Basically an electric vehicle under today's technology is a disposable item. 6 years maximum, then the car is worthless.
I appreciate this video, but let's be clear about one thing here...   If there is an accident/crash/whatever you want to call it, that has NOTHING to do with warranty.  You don;t crash your car, and then talk about warranty repair.  You understand that, right?  Why would the warranty for the battery be used after an impact on a roadway?
Hyundai can shove it .
One more reason to swallow your concern for the environment and not buy an EV. These vehicles are a fucking joke
As of 12/18/2023, $61000 C$ equals about $45500 American.
Hyundai sucks at building cars and then tells the driver they drive them wrong... iPhone 4 antenna gate much..
When are people going to stop putting up with this garbage! Its all comming down to liabilities with these rolling fire hazards.
Protection cover that, checks notes - didn't protect.... invalidates a warranty? The onus is on the manufacturers. It's not a light bulb that was designed to fail. The insurance company is ripping Kyle off.. no discount for 10 years... double whammy.  Go fund me Kyle... fight it or let the community stand by your for a replacement, hopefully enough to do both and leave this badge of shame on Hyundai's wall
But my Canada will only have all Evs by 2035... imagine
That's sure a long way from my $5,950 Hyndai, which was a great little car by the way. I went two tracking with it a lot, it had a four speed manual transmission that was banged around on rocks so many times you wouldn't believe it. I welded it back together a bunch of times. I put a couple hundred thousand miles on that car. It got good gas millage, had a sunroof and cassette deck, front wheel drive so it went through the snow really well.  It was my work car for years and I beat the living daylights out of it. My wife even rolled it completely over in the snow once and we put it back on the road and drove it another three years.  Now you pay ten times as much and you apparently had better never take it on a two track ever.  That idea that you could total out your car just by hitting a rock on a side road never occurred to me, that is simply insane.
After warching this, I realized that it makes no sense to buy an EV because all of them have issues with their batteries, and the batteries are extremely expensive.
This feels really fake and are they going bad often?
Junk it for a gas ride!
They don’t want to sell electric cars so they overprice repair as hell.  Nothing to do with the actual price.
Cars have always been more expensive on parts than the car to purchase, it's the same with motorcycles and probably everything else on the road.  Manufacturers design the car so to make it very tough to work on it yourself so you use a dealer, parts are expensive because they want to make more money out of you.  over a decade ago a motorcycle magazine in UK bought a new bike (I think it was a Suzuki GSXR something) the bike cost 9k new back then, but buying all the parts needed to build a complete bike cost £30k, and that was back then.
HEY. Get a Ev, it would be good they said too !!   PASS !
great information guys I will definitely pause on trying to get a EV car for now.
I will not buy an ev for as long as I can avoid it
So Candians are just as screwed as Americans.  Corporations rule  me and you
Governments should let the people buy what they want.  It is clear in my mind that we will not have an acceptable alternate solution to gas cars when 2035 hits.
How can this meet the "green" requirement.  You have a brand new car being thrown away.   a gas car would last 30 years or more.  keep your Ev's they are not going to save the world.   More likely the opposite.
Why people continue to buy Hyundais and Kias is beyond me.  They're pieces of junk.  Goes to show that Koreans will buy Korean cars sight unseen despite the built and reliability factors on these vehicles.
Takeaway....don't buy EVs. Hybrids are best😂
ok, so they need to remove the cover and inspect the battery. charge him $100 for labor to check it out, and actually take photos.
very Korean style of customer satisfaction
Its the ink printers scam all over again.
I don't want to be rude, but: are you insane Hyundai? you are selling batteries with bonus cars? is that how much money you are making that you can afford to gift a car with every battery in the first place? really? nobody's seeing trough the BS? if that is the case, i would like an EV with no battery please, ship it to my door asap
the guy was basically scammed by the dealership to rip open his finances just because "they" were "sure" of nothing...
This is why the manufacturer should get rid of the dealership. Dealership is all about making money for themselves and almost nothing to do with providing services.
Oh boy, this is going to get all the EV haters going...   This is just another case of a scam,  just like Apple forcing customers to replace a whole computer over a super simple item that needs to be adjusted. At the end of the day this is on Hyundai. Shame on them.
An EV battery contains hundreds of cells, so a repair shop wont be able to check the damage of the each individual cell (the manufacture or specialized shop might do it). Even with a scratch that's what any normal repair shop will do, as they cant guarantee safety of the car.  Still the cover damage causing warranty to expire is stupid as roads can have rocks that can easily damage it.
Do not buy the EV crap simply
Evs will and are failing.
I was in the market for a new PHEV or EV but I think I'll just keep maintaining my 17 year old ICE car forever.
EV’s will destroy the environment. They will continue mining and manufacturing in countries that don’t care about environmental issues like China, India etc. then you have to deal with all those used batteries.
Electric cars are a scam ! 🤦
You can get a used Ioniq 5 battery with less than 20.000km for aobut 9000€. Also you can sell the "broken"  battery for parts for about 5000€. So effectively you can get a new battery for less than 6000€.  Also asking a CAR DEALER, whether you should repair or buy new, sounds very supid..
Battery powered cars will never last.   They are such energy hogs.  10x consumption than a house every day.  No existing infrastructure can handle this!!!   I'd never buy one.
You gotta like the Insurance criminals as well. The gov't tells you that you must have insurance, then the insurance company says if you use it then you shall be punished. Pure Extortion on both ends
Drove my 1988 ford courier to work today as usual getting 330kms off 33 litres and she's 2.2 carby...I'm sitting pretty..still cruising after 400k
The world is not ready for the EV avalanche and clearly are for the rich upper class as the maintenance cost is ridiculous.
This could widen into a PR nightmare for Hyundai, they should give him a new vehicle at no cost to help offset the insurance hikes he'll be facing.
Hiw is writing off this vehicle good for the environment?
Thanks for doing and in depth look at this. It's a concern for all EVs for sure. But another issue is how horrible ICBC is. What an injustice! Everyone who drives in BC already pays heavy rates, but one claim like this, even when it's clearly not related to driver fault, will double their rates for 10 years? Is there no consumer protection agency in BC? There should be stronger independent consumer oversite of both private and governmental services. Checks and balances please?
A cautionary tale to never buy an EV.
Anyone else notice on the estimate invoice in the "List & Net" price columns it says 6649.98 ? That doesn't total "56649.98" and the decimals all line up correctly as well, is this all just a typo error or is everyone involved just missing the obvious, or is it me??? Even so, the actual gigantic issue regardless of any possible mistakes is if the batteries actually cost that much more than the brand new selling price of the car is that it _points out the tremendous subsidies governments are pumping into the EV car manufacturing and selling industries, using tax dollars!!!_
It’s a surprise to you that a battery warranty could be void due to damage😂😂
SCAM NEVER BUY ELECTRICAL CAR , THEY SCREW PEOPEL WITH THE BATTERY PRICE
We need standardize Chargers and Batteries ASAP. This should be as easy as swapping the batteries in an RC car. And this should create a 3rd party battery market for generic batteries.
The guy was dumb. I wouldn't have even brought it in if I was having no problems. And even if I wanted to have it checked out, I would have used a 3rd party mechanic since obviously accidents aren't covered under original warrantee. But even still, if I had the dealer tell me all of that, I would have just laughed and asked them did they even inspect the battery? And even if they did, unless they could show me damage or something wrong, I would have just left and moved on with my life. I've had many mechanics tell me that  if I didn't fix something my car might malfunction, explode or whatnot. Dealers are particularly notorious for this scare tactic. This guy has a lot to learn about life.
The cover is a cover i doubt the battery is even damaged
Might as well roll coal to save the environment from all the junked electric cars and save a ton of money so you don’t go homeless.
Battery warranties cover the battery for 8 years and 100,000 miles.  If the car was in an accident, then it's the insurance companies problem.  Otherwise it's the manufactures problem.  What's the backstory here?  Is this just anti-EV propaganda?
I think the whole ecosystem of electric cars is not ready for prime time, it's better to stick to gas car ,they are reliable at the moment.
If tires cost 60,000 on a gasoline engine vehicle, and only lasted 3-5 years, Would you buy one?
Just terrible shame on that dealer and Hyundai. Ev have a long way to go these just show the infancy of EVs
Welcome to EV’s. Good luck everyone. So you get a little bump on the “BATTERY PROTECTION COVER” . The cover that’s supposed to protect the battery. It didn’t dent it, it didn’t puncture it, it barely scratched it. But because it has now been reported to the insurance Co and they said it’s totaled no one can buy that car and drive it unless you replace the battery. Someone better hope it goes to auction and they can get cheap. I know there is nothing wrong with that battery. Buy it pull the battery and inspect it. Replace the battery cover and go.
Need to have quick swap battery system.
I had a Hyundai once and was drawn to the brand due to their insanely long 10 yr warranty period.  In spite of regular maintenance (AT THEIR DEALSHIP) they denied my warranty when engine issues started to happen because of an issue with a stuck EGC valve (that had been stuck for a long time -- a condition they should have caught early on, but never did).  Their service dept said there's no way to win this battle.  I sold it and bought a Honda (which is a brand which is also not without minor warranty hijinks, but they will work with you if you have a long history of buying Hondas)
In other words, buy a Toyota. Hyundais are junk anyway
My wife and I have decided to purchase the Ioniq 5 after a lengthy search for an electric car. I don't think we will be considering the Ioniq 5 anymore.
The way you put out this story, in my opinion the dealer has really screwed Kyle with this. This is outrageous. Hyundai Canada should do everything in their power to restore confidence of the customer and look seriously into the case with the dealer. Kyle should get a (nearly) new Ioniq 5 and the insurance should drop the extra costs. I this had happened to me I would have fought to the highest authority in this case. Kyle, I hope that it gets solved for you!
Sadly the most illogical part of this is due to that fact that this complete car, all of the many carbon foot print causing materials which collectively went into the assembly of such now will be relegated to disposal? How can this be environmentally friendly?
That's why government is pushing to buy electric cars to Fu CK people some people see it and like always some don't
Sounds like the dealership doesn't have the experience required to actually check the battery. If a dealership was telling me I have to pay $60k to replace the battery or write off my vehicle, when they haven't even determined whether there's any actual damage to the battery, there would be a fight on their hands. I'm 100% not the litigious type, but this is beyond ridiculous.
Perfect candidate for an LS or K-series swap. It would cost a lot less than 60k! News flash, CO2 is good for the greening of the planet, batteries ARE NOT!
Never buy again very bad experience no way to buy a new one. SO NO EV Telsa man
A fool and his money are soon parted. EV’s are worse for the environment over 10 years than a gas car. I don’t feel sorry for him.
I was just about to finalize a purchase of a 2024 but I’ve called the dealer and cancelled my order.   I’m switching to a good ol American diesel pickup. Much cheaper to replace the battery on that bad boy. 😊 thanks for the heads up @motormouth
Have Kyle call his cousins and maybe they can do something for him. 😀😀
"Does that mean every EV that has to have a battery replaced is worthless" ... Well yes. That's exactly what it means. Having owned an EV for more than half a decade, it's sort of odd that you're discovering this fact now. But ok, better late than never!
"Are you interested in buying a new car to replace the new car that you have because of terrible customer service?"
Another glaring short sighted issue in the EV market that gets casually ignored  When you compound all these things (lack of infrastructure, degradation, fires, use of slave labour in mining, huge pollution mining lithium, etc) it is clearly not ready for mass scale mandated implementation.   Writing off these cars is so hypocritical to the entire EV ideology.
Kyle seems like a young driver, so I can see why he's intent on keeping his driving reputation intact re: insurance - but why would his insurance go up 50% for something that's not his fault? I thought everyone's elligible for one collision without rate increases anyway - did he already have one collision?  As for the almost-new vehicle with a possibly scratched battery - what happens to that car now? Cui Bono? A car with everything intact like that isn't going on a trash heap. Somebody, somewhere will be removing that battery to see if it's actually damaged or not - and if it is damaged, they'll replace the cells. If it's not, they'll get a new battery cover & sell the car on a used lot somewhere. Depending on who does it, they might just slap a new cover on it & sell it without checking. My point being of course, nobody's going to let a car that new go to waste.  What's the future of EV's going to be like? Separate insurance for batteries & cars? Bullet-proof battery covers? Will tech finally succeed & design something that takes any kind of battery, almost hot-swappable? Battery packs with zones that can be repaired or replaced rather than the entire battery as a whole?  I thought the answer back when Tesla released the first Model S, that gas stations would have spots an EV driver could park over, the used battery could be robotically removed & a charged one would be installed, while-u-wait, maybe 2 mins. Then I saw that human rat Elon touting a similar solution but it took way too long. Perhaps the industry as a whole could focus on adapting a solution like that, where battery tech would be shared & centralized & a standard could be agreed upon.  I hope something changes soon, since when my 2016 WRX finally croaks, I'm in the EV market & the Ioniq5 was a contender. If I could afford a Genesis GV-60 I'd never even look at the Hyundai. The KIA EV6 is so dreadfully ugly, I can't force myself to consider it.   I'll never know why anyone would get a rear wheel drive car in Canada, even in Vancouver where it hardly ever snows - but that's another topic altogether.
Crazy for the cost of 60K, So don't buy, They can check through the software. Bad reputation for Hyundai.
This looks FAKE as hell.  Not buying it for one second.
Lesson, don't buy a Hyundai and dont buy electric vehicles.
EV doom. Biden pricing. Woketard utopia .... in real time. Everything is a shakedown. Trudeau's new weird order.
If the battery is still operational.  Just leave it
Pretty soon insurance companies will not insure older cars, then not gasoline powered cars. They want to control where when and how much we drive.
Reason number 17 of why I won't willingly own an EV in the next 20 years.
It appears that there is no, as in NO, way to tell the state of the batteries, or more likely and agreement was made between the dealer and the insurance company in order to make some big bucks and sell a new vehicle. That sounds like a SCAM to me. I suggest you look at Hybrid Toyota's. If their batteries are questionable you   pull it out of the car and check each cell and replace the weak cells for a fraction on he 60K insurance cost. What a sloppy job by Hyundai and their dealer and the insurance company. Get a lawyer!
So was anything malfunctioning at all, or did he just bring it in to "check it out"?  I think he should've just kept it and continue driving it, even without the "warranty", assuming nothing was giving any alerts and the battery was functioning
Very good video. Speechless.
Thank you I was totally taken by this revelation. I did not ever consider that the batter could be this sensitive and cost more than that vehicle itself. Thank you so much for enlightening me to this aspect of owning an EV I would have been blown away if I had faced what Kyle had faced. Best to him and have him consider hybrid while he restores his belief in EV in the long run. Gas is not in our future and should be removed to help with our and the planets future.
What is the core charge?
There needs to be laws governing the cost to repair on these EVs. IE, if you produce more than 1000+ of these cars, repair costs need to be "in-line" with other cars.  These vehicles are causing everyones insurance to skyrocket.  This, and the $41K(USD) 5mph quarter panel hit on the Rivian are crazy.  I cant wait to see how much it costs to repair one of these Cyber Trucks.   I also think that cars that have these out of line repair costs, should pay extra to insure themselves, and that insurance should cover the excessive repair costs, if the accident is not their fault.    IE if the typical car costs $2500 to replace impact to a rear quarter panel, and the Rivian costs $41000 to repair that damage, the insurance of the Rivian should bear the cost over $5k(2x typical), even when the Rivian is not at fault.   Honestly these cars shouldnt even be on the street if small impacts total them.
It could also be a hazard to the public if EV drivers start dodging every little obstacle on the road to avoid these scenarios.  EV are not ready for the mainstream but the EV drivers of today will contribute to better EV in the future.
Absurd. Just look at the battery's actual case, not the protective cover. No dent in the metal? Then it wasn't impacted or anything. If it doesn't dent the thin sheet metal of the battery, then it isn't any acceleration force larger than normal use. This is Hyundai being very scared of any battery fires or future warranty claim, and they are off loading the cost of mitigating that very small increase in risk on the customer... rather than paying for that protection themselves. Extremely lame.
evs are rolling fire bombs
Looks I will not be getting an EV anytime soon. I am curious about them like the benefits but if this is the way they treat their customers and the prices you have to pay to "go green" I'll pass
Hyundai kia scam automakers. The dealers have the highest markups on cars compared to any other brands. And make pos cars. I talked to a guy working for kia he said mew cars are coming back with oil leaks and busted engines. Suck people into buying their cars because of interiors and technology packages.
Well, I was going to buy one of these. Won’t be doing business with Hyundai now.
hard lesson ,  no worries ev cars are going to be short lived. the power grid can not support a large number of people changing at the same time!!
I had a plug in hybrid Chrysler Pacifica and after one year the electric battery had to be replaced about 3 times. I got rid of it because the battery is 18k and when the warranty runs out I’m not dealing with that. It was a nightmare. I watched another YouTuber and he said definitely buy a car manufacturer that puts the electric battery inside the vehicle and not under the vehicle.
This isn't the only legitimate story on the absurd cost of replacing an EV battery. With this in mind..... why would any intelligent person buy an EV ?
Sounds like Kyle got scammed! Not just by the Hyundai dealership, but also Hyundai of Canada and his insurance company as well. For the love of money is the root of all evil, and it seems evident that the companies pillaging Kyle love their money.
This will resolve itself over time. Battery costs are plummeting as volume production ramps. I'd expect that $60K MSRP to drop to around $4K within a decade. The raw materials are plentiful and cheap and the manufacturing is all robotic running in factories that run 24/7.  Its just a short term issue. The counter to the complaint is an EV can go one million miles with little maintenance. New tires occasionally. Brake pad at 1/5th the replacement rate on an ICE car. Very little fluids to change and top up. No catalytic to steal.  Too many big benefits: the cars are quiet - less noise pollution. Electricity is cheaper than fossil fuel. They do not pollute at all - so the planet can recover. The ride is outstanding. And hey - maybe we can end the cycle of "resource wars". nd range continues to rise.   Will the EV replace all vehicles - likely not. Can it replace "basic urban transport" - absolutely.
"isn't it ioniq" ~Alannis Moriserte
I am buying a Cadillac Lyriq AWD Sport 3.  Even thought theirs a warranty on the battery, I will more than likely LEASE the vehicle rather than finance it.
Could anyone explain how a battery part is more expensive than the entire car? Are they selling the cars at a loss, considering the market price doesn't even cover the cost of the battery? And would anyone buy an EV car knowing that in 3-4 years he has to spend the money again to buy a new one? In what universe does this make sense?   Also does this mean there's no market for used EV vehicles? Who would buy a used EV car for any kind of money knowing that he will need at some point a battery replacement that tops the price of a brand new one? Full market depreciation in a few years leaving the used EV car just for scrap? If this is the case EV cars are proving to be a huge scam, all the perceived benefits for the environment are wiped
I need to replace my 19 year old car in 2024.    I considered EVs because of the environment, but I know my car ownership habits.  I buy new in cash and keep it until it falls apart.    Buying into EVs seemed to essentially be committing to buying a new car more frequently, maybe every 6 years or less.  Anything older would cause concerns for disposal and environmental waste fees.  Even if someone were willing to buy my imaginary EV (used), I envisioned a future where the end owner, with the least financial means, would bear the cost of disposal.    Knowing that the daily hazards of driving could write off my imagined EV in its first years has fixed my mind.  It's ICE for me, most definitely.
I would just sell the car at the point if it’s driveable and has no malfunctions…
I would just sell the car at the point if it’s driveable and has no malfunctions…
Too real. Buying a EV is not smart to begin with so let the buyer beware
Honestly it's probably fine & the dealer just wants to charge the insurance company 🤷‍♂️
Another example of why battery electric cars are not and cannot be the future of personal transportation.
They are to scared to check ur battery and it is now an extreme fire hazard and can explode at any moment
Ev cars are a joke unless you are hella rich and have money to blow!
Dealerships and insurances companies are ruthless entities,  they are schooled how to take advantage of the customer.
This is exactly why o will never purchase an electric vehicle. Absolute waist of money
Just another reason NOT  to buy electric
Here is the suspected scenario,  a young dude with no experience in dealing with crooks meeting with the dealership crooks. Pretty sure whoever gave him the  cost for dealer to fix his car KNOW the person who works for his car insurance company,  and they thought they had a nice sweet cup of coffee until this video came out (thanks Motormouth), now the cup of coffee that had turning sour and bitter.  There is no such thing as the battery cost more than the whole value of the vehicle.
I see  now my dream of throwing away your entire car and getting a new one after  every update came true
Battery cars are a disaster.  They were the first cars EVER and they are still trash after almost 200 years.
LOL! You want all brands to start changing processes? This is literally the future! There isn't the manufacturing capacity for the battery demand now, and as EV vehicle demand skyrockets replacement parts will lag behind. EV's are going to be disposable for the foreseeable future... and I mean decades.
The truly horrific part of all this is that a replacement battery costs MORE than a brand new model of the same car!  It is surely enough to put anyone off buying an EV in the first place because it brings home that they are buying an asset that will very quickly depreciate in value because second hand buyers would be very wary of buying a second hand EV in case anything went wrong with the battery as well as concern that older batteries on second hand models have a shorter range that diminishes over time.
I even need to watch this video. Electric vehicles are horrible. They're appliances. They will only last 10 years. If you're lucky and they cost of a lot of money, I'll just go get a cheap Honda Civic and it will last over 30 years if you take care of it
A dude got his car written off because of a bump on the road. Glad I'm not drinking that EV kool aid.
I would really like to see a follow up video where you ask other manufacturers about their processes, what voids warranties, and battery replacement costs.
So lithium is in extremely high demand, and this is not a justification for that outrageous price, but one should bear in mind that the lithium supply chain is extremely complicated. EVs in general are becoming less and less tenable as the world destabilizes, whether we like it or not fossil fuels are still more available and even less carbon intensive in their production process than lithium. I wouldn't be surprised to hear that battery prices across the board start to get this outrageous.
It's time for separate battery insurance
This is true not only for cars, but also for electrical appliances sold online. Cheaper products have batteries sold separately or have fraudulent battery performance, lol.
They are only taking charge because of the negative publicity. I would not buy any Hyundai or Kia BEV until this is addressed.
electric cars are stupid.
Hyundai just being Hyundai: PR a great warranty, have the dealers be the "great filter" to deny warranty claims on everthing until a court tells them otherwise. Then they'll agree to set up an internal remediation process that will do the same as before but with many additional steps in between.  Given how dangerous those batteries can be, they should be protected from impacts from beneath as debris isn't an unexpected phenomenon.  As for the insurance situation: I'd agree to the markup, then buy a used car well within my means, put the minimal coverage on it, and switch insurers as soon as I could. Screw them as well.
EVs are 🐂💩 bring back leaded gasoline ⛽️
electric cars are today's biggest scam
But why does it need replacement?Does it not work anymore?
EV or hyundai problem?
I would never waste my hard earned money on an electric vehicle.
never will buy hyundai again.
TLDR…don’t buy legacy auto EVs. Get a Tesla.
5 years later, people realize the lies. Only Nio is replacing batteries easy and in charging stations, like fueling the car.  The rest, even Tesla, are completely out of the race to replace ICEs. At most they'll replace short distance vehicles.
Ev in Canada?? Seems illogical
anyone who thinks electric vehicles are better for the envoiroment and your pocket are delusional.....
Why anyone would buy these money pits, with the possibility of losing it all in a battery fire is beyond reason..
@motormouth List price for the battery was 6650 and labour was 1600. Why was there an extra 50k added onto the price of the battery repair?
Lithium batteries are in practical use for more than 20 years. The cell must be damaged that it catches fire. The cell, not the protective cover.. Nobody would throw a laptop in the trash when you have s scratch. And the nightmare of "potential hazards" is a story of the car manufacturers. Nobody would think a welded gasoline tank poses a risk.
Can we stop with the Marxist language? EV CARS LEAVE A BIGGER CARBON FOOTPRINT THAN AN ONBOARD GASOLINE ENGINE!!! Its all for making money, not saving the earth.  Plus Carbon is not an issue on the environment. Polar shift is coming, that does, buckle up.
More videos like this please.
Completely nuts such small damage causes the whole battery having to be replaced which costs more then the whole car new.. Welcome to the eletric car revolution people.. But hey, at least we're  'saving the planet'.. (sarcasm)
thanks, staying way faaaaaaaar from hyundai
Buying an EV in these times is like buying a laptop, after 1 or 2 years another upgraded version will come and make the previous one stone age. Insurance is the key business of europe america canada and australia, without insurance noone can move an inch. Kyle is in that trap, it is so disappointing for him and the entire EV business. Even clean energy has become a business stratagy, we think of clean energy as a very good and honest stand points but does theses business houses look at it as us? I don’t think so, they look at it as business point of view, as a business opportunity, who grabs the market first wins and it is same everywhere asia europe america africa even in Antarctica 😊  We must understand that businessmen doesn’t think like us, they see things from business perspectives and we can not compete with that. So we must think at least 100 times before buying anything specially when it involves a large sum of our hard earned money. Full sympathy with Kyle and wish from the bottom of my heart that he gets a good deal out of it and we must not get carried away by the propagandas of the business houses.   IT HAS MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE  BE SAFE IN BUYING AS WELL AS INVESTING
EV's are basically disposable industrial junk. They might last as long as you pay the price for them, then the battery fails sooner or later, and it totals the car, so you can buy a new one. If you can afford one, of course.   It's a neverending vicious cycle to keep you enslaved to banks, if you can't pay outright the outrageously expensive new cars. And it's absolutely not green, as this creates a lot of wasted worthless cars that had a huge carbon footprint when they were made.  Just my 2 cents, but you should buy/hold on to your good old petrol car, especially if it's naturally aspirated. Those can last for decades if taken good care. Might need some engine work from time to time, but that's still way cheaper than a battery replacement.  The whole EV-craze is a scam, and a total dead end, fueled by the globalist powers for both financial gains and for the power to control citizens. They can remotely disable or monitor your EVs (or most new cars for that matter). They can't do that easily with an analogue car that doesn't connect to the internet in any way.
EV craze is based on politics not economics nor technology.  You guys missing point,totally :(
Great video. We all assume that the dealerships have trained technicians that can accurately diagnose damage and repair. But I think with EVs they just don’t want to spend the time and money to train them. This will really be a big issue as the current EVs age.
not sure why everyone is so surprised.. this happens with phones for years now! and you ALL allowed it!..
I belive EV's are overly expensive and this a prime example. The cost of the battery costing more than the car itself is simply insane. Also the danger of the EV cars catching fire is well known and certainly NOT worth the trouble, costs and danger.
Wow like wine the more aged the creamy looks.
It's definitely not the right time for an electric vehicle in my opinion, I wonder if it will ever be. Unless you super wealthy or something.
They apparently need to have much better battery shields. Also why didn't he go to another shop that actually took the shield off?  Lastly EVs do not actually lower total emissions or carbon footprint in most places as the electricity is generated using fuels.
Great video!
Hyundai 🚮 🍿
*fills my tank up with good old dino juice* sorry bout yalls luck.
Hyundai really dropped the ball on this. I was considering a Hyundai EV for my next vehicle, now I won’t. It is as simple as that.
Thats dumb 😠
I rather walk then buying a ev car 👎👎
It's a rare situation where a single part number costs more than an entire car. That is the only problem here, no matter who said what. That is ridiculous, and BS like this will sink a car model
Sounds like a 1st World problem to me! That's why I'll drive my '06 Buick til the wheels fall off!
That's liberalism for you so keep buying EV
Keeping by diesel for a while :)
The problem with EVs is that if they get into an accident, it is not uncommon for batteries to catch fires days or even weeks later down the road despite being inspected. It's understandable nobody wants to step forward to take the blame.
Moral of the story. Don’t by EV, got it capeesh 👌🏽
Its sad that the batteries are going bad
We're being systematically screwed for every penny we own on the premise that we all ruined the Green Goblin's childhood! Boo hoo hoo, you irritating U21 Swedish gurning champion
I wonder when people will learn that mining rare earth metals for these batteries and making these electric cars has more carbon footprint than driving a gasoline vehicle
hmm Yes sucks for sure for this owner and others that have had similar issues - call me in about 10yrs time when the BS around EV's like this kind of nonsense is hopefully no longer common place - this isn't just a Hyundai issue Tesla, Volvo - Batteries costing as much as the Vehicle is pure criminal syndicate type behaviour and the manufacturers should face consequences and harsh ones and made an example of -  as for insurance companies they're scum and are simply taking advantage of consumers - i'd being looking to take legal action against the insurer as well.
😮😢😂
EV crap 👎
If your dumb enough to buy an E.V. you get what you deserve.
If the battery is $60k, why is it protected by a plastic shield? Why would they not use some sort of metal skid plate like a rally car?   This is just another reason for me to have zero interest in EV’s. The majority of the big manufacturers are cutting production quite a bit due to lack of interest from the public. This won’t help the cause.
"is worhless?" - actually it's a cost of utilising this thing. There was a similar story around, about a guy who imported chevy  bolt. Customs - fine, env protection office - it's a waste, go and pay for making it safe for the environment. Kinda new business model
Investigating battery costs? Reasons for the voided warranty?  With all due respect, if I were spending that much money on a BRAND NEW car, I would never think about this...
It's 15k for the battery. The rest is the labour to pull the body off the frame, pull the battpack  and then reassemble everything. That all said its like saying you have to buy a new engine because a rock hit the oil pan. I gotta say that ev owners are pretty naive to think their evs are actually going to help the environment or be cheaper than gas. If i were him id take the payout and go buy a 20k gas car and pocket the rest.
This means that a 5 year old EV is now worthless to buy. Because it’s a limited time vehicle now that the battery is going bad over the time remaining.
What an absolute SCAM
sounds like some kind of future scam that got out to soon. all of the cars are going to need new batteries eventually.  i will only buy combustion vehicles for my family.   also theres no fucking way that battery is 56k. it would not make finical sense to sell the vehicle for 55k. no sense at all. the battery probly cost them 5-10  maybe 15 max to make. the markup here is crazy. electric vehicles are a scam
Lol. And you thought EVs are being pushed to save consumers money. Good luck with that.
One more reason do not buy electric cars.
They should find out why a dumb battery costs 56,000$ in the first place... It's a wear item, doesn't wear out as fast as tires but it is basically the same as a tire or a windshield wiper and in 5-10 years that thing is toast. It should cost accordingly, maybe 2,000 to 5,000 plus labor. Just another big reason EVs are still a joke.  Glad I stuck to my Diesel.
Run right out andbuy another one,your money they want it
Lying on the internet for clout.....wow you guys are edgy
Sounds like we should buy one of these cars. Just because battery is so costly and the battery location is in the wrong place under the car. Also to replace the battery the cost of the new battery costs more that the car. $60, thousand dollars for a new battery is so crazy.
Mining for batteries components is contaminating, owning a EV a nightmare, selling or buying a used EV a risky business and getting rid of a void battery??
JUST WATCHED A STORY JUST LIKE THIS ON CBC CANADA NATIONAL NEWS I THINK THEY WANTED 50K THEN THE HEAD OFFICE SAID THEY DIDNT HEAR ABOUGHT IT. AND THEY CHARGED THEY TOLD THE NEWS IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN 15K. MITE WANT TO LOOK THAT UP.
Did the battery stop working???
Bottom line stay away from EV ,it's part of the climate change scam
A neighbor has a seven year old Chevy volt with 70,000 miles on it. He just got the price from the dealer for a battery replacement. $29,988. The problem is, the book value on the vehicle is only $17,000…
Probs would of been better off continuing to drive the car while ignoring/never investigating the the issue. Truly, most people would have never thought twice about the road hazard. Then, when the car goes up in flames, insurance would have likley written it off as a vehicle fault absolving the driver of any fault and not affecting their insurance rate. Once these cars start going up in flames (because the skid plates aren't serving their intended purpose), the negative publicity will be pushing these manufacturers to do the right thing. Additionally, such instances will push insurers  have really high rates, or refuse to insure the vehicles all together. This will hurt vehicle sales and further push the manufacturer to do the right thing.
I care about the environment Durrrr! I got an electric car Durrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!! 🤪
look on YouTube for battery replacement videos for the Chinese car company NIO, pronounced KNEE – oh   when you have one of these Electric cars in China. You can charge it at home yourself or at a charging station. But you also can have six free battery replacements per month. You pull into something like a oil quick change station, they put the car on a lift. And no one touches the car from then on. An automated system, raises the car and removed the discharged battery, and another battery fully charged is installed and you are on your way in less than 10 minutes. You can have six fresh battery changes fully charged batteries per month for free.   this is the only way to do it. Changing the batteries by automation.   Volvo made some heavy equipment earthmover machines that were battery powered. This story was on 60 Minutes television show. The batteries weigh something like 20 tons, they only provide power to the vehicle whether it’s a bulldozer, or one of those gigantic trucks, for six hours maximum. Then they must be recharged.. The recharge time is 36 hours..   if they want to make electric tractor trailers that are self driving in this country or any country. The only way to do that is to have automated systems that change the batteries, not just charge them. Companies that invest millions of dollars in heavy equipment, like trucks and bulldozers, and those earthmover trucks, they need to have those things operating for 20 hours a day to make them pay for themselves.
What is the reason of electric cars existence? To save enviroment? Is that even true - considering that purcahe price plus small accident repair costs equivalent of 2-3 petrol cars - not to mention natural resources needed for 2 car batteries.
Life ain’t easy for a boy named Soo
The main conclusion. Hyundai is shit. Don't buy shit, buy Toyota with battery insurance.
Welcome to the biggest scam, EV 😂😂😂 and green politic, pay more money from "green" car. Batteri problemc acute not just Hundai, but also Tesla and other manufacture.I Wold rather use Petrol or Diesel instead av that "fancy" car with value 0 after 10 years.
I purchased a brand new Hyundai Santa Fe PHEV. The power steering started randomly going out around 6k miles. They did accept the lemon law claim and made me whole, but I will never buy another Korean car ever again. These new cars are too sophisticated to make them long term drivers, I’ll stick to ICEs from now on.
Am I the only one not seeing the numbers?  Battery QTY 1, LIST and NET Price 6649.98... so where in the world is 1 x 6649,98 = 56,649,98 ???
One thing I don't understand. Was the car demonstrating issues that he took it in to get checked out in the first place? Was the car deemed unroadworthy because of the scratches?
Frankly . I'm stunned that the dealership even tried to get him interested in buying a new car from them ! That alone underlines the level of integrity on offer . Car salespeople / sharks circling smelling blood as we really should all know by now .....
Sad thing is the US wants to mandatory all these cars out but that’s a joke ain’t nobody gonna sit there and pay more for one thing on a car versus just get a new car and if we’re gonna start just throw away an old car to get a new car every time I scratch happens to the underneath of the car it’s gonna be no one’s gonna wanna buy them and then your marquee goes down and so all those regulations and everybody saying oh we’re going into electric shot down and still nobody can outdo Tesla
There's really nothing you can do to protect yourself, whether you research or not. Dealerships screw you if they can. It's their whole business model.
My perception is that I shouldn’t buy an electric vehicle, until all of this incidents mostly with batteries about cost, warranties, durability is clear! Feel sad about this incident
Kia/Hyundai charges ev customers for  cooling fluid replacements after a year or two(looks like a mistake in design that customers need to pay for), also they are really strict about not crossing the mileage and also removing warranty if you go over the limit by a mile(talking about Poland Kia Hyundai)
"Through away" mentality of this society is mind boggling
So there is no proof whatsoever that the batteries are damaged in any way,  no fault lights etc.  Just another main dealer doing what main dealers do.   I would have driven away in the perfectly good car,  had an independant battery inspection, if there was no damage, buy a 3rd party warranty and carried on with out hiking my insurance.  I am darn sure that would have been cheaper all round..
$42,000 is the price of a motorcycle battery for the Brahma electric motorcycle. It’s the only one that has a manual, six speed transmission and a clutch.   A friend of mine bought one of these at the auto salvage auction, where insurance companies have brokers that sell their crashed cars once a week and motorcycles for whatever they can get for them.   A friend of mine owns a collision shop for over 30 years now. About 10 years ago he bought this brahma electric motorcycle. My friend, like myself is a motorcycle junkie. Motorcycle head relatively minor damage, handlebars, fender, foot peg, but the frame got a scratch on it. Literally a scratch. Any time a frame is damaged, even minor damage, the insurance company automatically totals it.   so my friend bought the bike, and he rode it for a couple years. You can’t go far, you can go maybe 50 or 60 miles, then you have a 50 or 60 mile ride back to the charger. He couldn’t really go on all day rides with us because of the very limited range.   Show my friend saw a blog on the Internet, recommending completely draining the battery by leaving the key on it for a few days, totally discharging the battery. That way, when you recharge the battery, the claim was that you would have greater battery capacity, and longer range.    So, my friend did that, hoping to have Graeter driving range.. Sounded simple enough..   It wasn’t simple. The battery would not take a charge at all. He called the factory, he got a tech on the phone who talked him through Basic troubleshooting tests..   After a few tests, the technician told my friend that his battery is toast and he needs a new battery..   my friend asked how much is a new battery. The text said the battery pack consists of seven cells.. each cell costs $6000. seven times six equals $42,000….. My friend thought he was kidding. My friend said how much is a new Brahma electric motorcycle. $21,000., and it comes with a brand new battery..   The technician said, we don’t make the batteries, we don’t set the price..   my friend ended up, searching the parts websites on the Internet that he uses to find salvage car parts for the cars he buys at the Salvage auction. He searched for over a year, hoping to find a salvageable battery from one of these electric motorcycles.   The technician told him to get that vehicle out of his shop because in its discharged state, it is in danger of catching fire, all by itself..   my friend ended up selling The electric motorcycle that needed a battery on eBay for parts
I have an ICE Hyundai and had a problem with the dealership. I called Hyundai directly, and they promptly directed me back to the dealership! Direct to consumer sales wirh support directly from the parent company is the only way ro do business in my opinion. This situation is a travesty and just sad...
Looks like a very good reason not to buy a Hyundai EV !
What a slap in the face for the company to even suggest buying another Hyundai after they treated the owner so poorly.
Sounds like the car was fine, Hyundai were taking him for a ride, they have diagnostic tools to check each cell, also they can take the scuff panel off and see if the battery was actually dented. Not surprised Hyundai are the worst to deal with warranty wise.
This made me seriously think twice about buying an Ioniq 5. I was actually planning to schedule a test drive with @hyundainorge but I’m more on avoiding a Hyundai now.
This just illustrates the problem with the dealership model. You have an independent dealership that misquoted the price. Hyundai corporate confirms that they misquoted. Maybe lead with this instead of fear mongering about EVs.
The replacement cost for the standard battery in an IONIQ 5 is about $6000 USD.  There is a LOT more to this story than is being told.  FYI that cost is about the same as if you had a Subaru CVT transmission changed so is not wild, even compared to Internal Combustion vehicles.  I know people like to make up wild stories (" My cousin's friend's barber's customer said...)  about EV repair costs being higher than IC but it's manure in general.
What did I learn from this that I already knew? Hyundai and KIA make crappy cars, for them to make an electric car where the battery costs more than the rest of the car is a complete joke! Like the whole EV industry.  Stick to ICE ICE Baby vehicles!!!   Why didn't the repair place remove the cover? its all about $$$.  The EV savings isn't worth the cost of using gas fuel over the long run.
7:09 People buy EVs for a variety of reasons, all of them stupid.
Just want to thank you for covering this. I feel bad for Kyle but there are so many lessons to be learned. I hope Hyundai can learn from these early mistakes and make improvement with their processes.
The big question, IMO, is the car not driving like it should? OK, it hit some junk on the road, I do all the time with my ICE car and it's fine. If it's driveable and reliable still then why even replace it?
I wonder, how much of this is the shenanigans of dealers and dealers mechanics with the mentality of replace instate of repair, the idea of a shill is to have a lower link in the building process to avoid and protect the expensive parts.?
So...of the 'protector' actually 'protects'  what it is intended to protect, and shows sign of having done its job, it actually 'fails' to protect it, because it has to be replaced anyway? They learned this from the cell phone companies who put a small 'moisture' reactive red dot inside phones so they could claim the phone has gotten wet, when in fact it never had...you just live in Vancouver. Its a cash grab! You haven't mentioned whether the car still runs properly. The owner didn't take it in because it wasn't working, he took it in because he was being proactive.   If it runs, why doesn't he keep driving it? Could it be that EV owners are frightened of their vehicles; the battery in particular? That's poetic justice. These companies cost the batteries so high because they are attempting to change the market, while attempting to prevent people from attempting fraudulent battery replacement as it nears the end of its 'actual' battery life.  Its a clever marketing attempt to negate the existence of used cars the better to exponentially expand the new car market. This technology is being sold before it is ready for retail, and prematurely 'failed' batteries will expedite their damage to environment because their manufacture and disposal is far worse for the environment 'in the final accounting' than a internal combustion engines exhaust.
I would just say "ill fix it by myself", take those 60k$ from the insurance and just continue driving this car without any premium insurance. Eventually, I would pay some repair shop to replace that piece of plastic. And if I ever need some premium insurance, I would just insure a car on my wife
You keep showing 660, 000 when saying 60, 000
They can't test the battery?
Don't buy a Hyundai.
I could do this job for $6000.00
Colour me skeptical
There’s some kind of scam going on here, insurance companies working with the dealership my gut tells me somebody’s making money under the table from this
No sympathy for anyone who drives an electric car. The facts are out there but youre too busy being a left wing fool to see them.
Never buy a Hyundai car
Joke is on anyone who buys an electric vehicle thinking they are helping the environment. Most people would only do a video like this with a bag over their head.
Thanks for informing the public
This whole EV craze is very flawed. EVs pollute way more than ICE vehicles to manufacture. Batteries significantly degrade over time. In the case of an accident, the EV is an automatic write off as seen here because the battery may be compromised. That means they can't re-use batteries out of vehicles that have been wrote off. The electric grid needs to be greatly expanded to accommodate all the EVs, and most grids are powered by fossil fuels.   Governments are forcing the adaption of EVs by threatening sale bans on ICE vehicles in the near future. Any time the government uses force to rush anything to market is always questionable. Overall, I don't even believe that the life of an EV will be any "cleaner" than ICE.
Kyle opened a can of worms by telling the dishonest dealer he ran over something, they then lied to Hyundai who cancelled his warranty and lied to his insurer who used it to double his premium. No thank you, I will continue to drive my 2003 F150 until the wheels fall off, with the satisfaction of knowing my vehicle has had only a fraction of the environmental impact as that Hyundai EV has had in it’s ridiculously short lifespan
I love this, ive always hated electric cars
A Ford F150 Lightening battery is just shy of $37,000.
EV's need to be sold without batteries to keep the cost down.  The batteries need to be replaceable by machine you drive over and get a new fully charged quality checked battery in a matter of minutes.  You but the car less battery and lease the battery.  You can sing on to as many changes as you need.     The old batteries from EV's that are not good enough for the cars, are being used as storage for solar and wind generators.  They are stacked in racks in ship containers with cooling measures.   They store electric and when the cost of electric rises during peak time, the energy is released into the grid at higher prices than when stored.  A win win all around.
Who in their right mind would buy a vehicle that’s so poorly designed that it is rendered worthless just from scratching the protective battery pan? So every Hyundai EV that scrapes a speed bump is totaled out? What a scam!!!
I would have sued hyandai and that dealership
Wait a minute...what am I missing? When you look at that quote, it shows the list price and net price of the battery at 6,649.98. Then the Amount says 56,649.98. The Labor line is 1599.50 all the way across. Looks like a typo, with the 5 being added to the 6,649.98
Probably won't be buying any form of EV until the law says I have to.
Typical dealership moneygrab... anyone amazed?
Sounds like a sketchy practice with the dealership and insurance company. His safe driver insurance profile should not have been affected when it was a road hazard. The dealership should have reached out to Hyundai of Canada for processing. There honestly should have been more consumer protection for Kyle. It’s sad to see the outcome of this situation.
You cannot get experts from head office involved in every single case of a car going to a mechanic.  The fact is these battery powered cars are a fire liability both on the road and in your garage and they are not suitable vehicles.  Nobody should be buying them full stop, caveat emptor.
Brand put crazy margins on ev parts like they would like to amortize all the R&D put instantly, what makes the idea of owning older ev car madness.
hyundai warranty is fake. they arent doing anything. im not surprised. My car warranty isnt void and still they do nothing  🤣." it doesnt show up on tester". Save your money and buy used 2-3 years old , warranty isnt real.
sounds like grounds for a class action lawsuit...on both the manufacturer and the insurance company.
Hyundai and Kia should have a process for this - they surely replace enough engines and transmissions !!!
LOL at buying a Hyundai, and double LOL at buying a glorified golf cart.
Which idiot buys an EV from any other company except Tesla, once you know that every Maker makes a loss on the sale and Tesla makes a profit. That mean's everyone else will try to make-up the costs by other means.
If this is all it takes to write off an EV, no EV for me. Imagine running over a chunk of ice or a hump in the road.  Ridiculous.
You hit a nerve here and your video went viral. Good job! The responses from Hyundai and ICBC demonstrates a lack of interest in customer satisfaction. The government insurer, I can understand, but Hyundai's inaction will cost them dearly in bad press and lost sales.
Think of it this way boys, you're internal combustion engine is scratched by a rock on the road, now you're gonna have to replace the engine. Not only you're gonna have to replace the engine, but also the engine itself costs more than the entire car...
The dummy didn't do much research  before buying an electric  vehicle!!fool....never buy electric!!!!!!
Don't say anything just trade it in and get a new one
How on earth can the battery cost more than the complete car? Someone is price gouging.
people are still buying Hyundai?
The entire EV industry is smoke and mirrors funded by globalists
What junk never buy a huundai or a ev problem solved
Where’s the math?  How does a $6649.98 unit price on the invoice become $56649.98 in the total?  Honestly, this looks like a typo to me.  Somehow a “5” was added to the price.    It still would have been over $8 grand for a battery that likely did NOT need replacing, but something isn’t right on that invoice and this whole story is suspect.
And to thiink the biden administration wants us to go all electric😂😂😂😂😂
In the next 15 yrs these EV vehicles will show their true colors.
Gee its like the dealership is trying to make money or something 😂😂😂
2500 IN NEW CLOTHES OMG STOP IT YUPPIES
that is theee times the coat of arms new battery of same size and type for a tesla. weird
If you want an EV buy a Tesla otherwise don’t waste your time. And please don’t fool yourself into thinking that owning an EV is somehow helping the environment, it’s not. EVs are as bad if not worse for the earth then an ICE vehicle.
These overpriced firetraps just aren't worth buying to begin with! Buyer beware!
I think most informed people now realise that the EV is not a realistic option for reliable transport. It is not sustainable either ethically, financially, or practically. Of the few people I know who have one, they are trying to rid themselves of them, and most are in a negative equity situation. If you are driving an ICE car at the moment then you can consider yourself extremely fortunate that you don't have to deal with the vast array of problems that beset the average EV owner.
This story totally makes me rethink an EV purchase for 2024
Hyundai easily the worst customer service I have ever experienced.  I like the car but I wouldn't buy another Hyundai just because there customer service.
Good to know Hyundai dealerships appear to be trash across Canada and most of the US.
The oil industry is worth trillions. The industry doesn't want EV's to win. Tesla is the only one making the important parts right.
What kind of advice does he have?  How about don't by fucking dumb electric car
A perfect case of a dumb owner being taken advantage of by a dealership. If the car is working good dont worry about a little scratch on the under side that nobody can see. For his stupudity he'll be paying higher rates for yrs
Shade tree mechanic here, haven't worked on electric vehicles and don't ever plan to, but I can give my .02¢ This sounds like a bunch of different "hands in the pot" coming together to take advantage of either lack of regulations, no regulations, or bad regulations up to interpritation or loop holes that the current 'Wild West' era of battery powered vehicles is filled with. Much like a certain car company who, (out of many questionable things), are consistantly selling some cars as "Full Self Driving," even as far back as 2014, yet at the Federal level FSD is as of yet, still illegal. If someone brought in their car and the plastic underbody aero was damaged by a rock, or just flat out broken because the plastic went through half a dozen Northern winters, it doesn't mean some portion of the car is then just inherently damaged. Give them a quote to replace the plastic underbody and that's that. If someone brings their Siverado in and the steel skid plate covering the oil pan is dented from deflecting a hefty rock at 80 on an interstate, it doesn't automatically mean your engine now needs work and the pan replaced. Obviously you still physically check it and go from there. You don't just look at a small dent and never do the due diligence and check the pan before just telling the customer "Yeah your plate is dented, so that means it hit your motor and because we can't reach the location your entire engine needs to be pulled." That'll be $6500 please.  This person mentioned seems as though he is the type that knows nothing about cars and would fall for the 'ol blinker fluid joke. As unfortunate as it is there's a long established history of both independant garages and dealerships taking advantage of people who don't know much about vehicles, and thus the rights they have with them. As I stated earlier, it seems like a mix of person not knowing much about vehicles takes car in to be checked, because of whatever reason, and because of *normal* typical wear and tear (including scratches), gets taken for a ride for lots of money. It's not uncommon, even before the electric car entered the equation. However that said, this entire situation just makes no sense to me with what has been going on recently on the wider scale. Why are some car manufacturers talking about battery pack switching for increased range and quicker "fuel stops" as an alternative to charging when these packs are supposedly costing that much. I don't know about you, but if I just paid 60 grand for a new battery pack for my vehicle I sure as hell would not be willy-nilly accepting "trades" at a pack replacement site to forgo charging, where my new pack is possibly never seen again and at the end of the musical battery pack roadtrip, once the music stops I'm now stuck with a 6 year old pack on the verge of death when I just paid 60k for a new one. So either the price of these packs have been inflated *greatly*, or this 'pack trading' has no basis in reality outside of talk just to possible raise stock prices.   As for the insurance, obviously when confronted for 60+ grand in repairs against a brand new 51k vehicle, an insurer is going to total the vehicle out, even it it's brand new. What is confusing me is why it would ever raise his rates. As far as I'm aware he wasn't cited for anything, there was no police report or MVA writeup, it was just a close call of almost hitting "something" (probably along the lines of swerving from a deer or something similiar) and now the insurance company is going to charge him more as if this was fault related and he's been determined to be at fault .... but without any of that happening. Unless there are just some unknown laws to me in Canada I don't know of I can't see how they are getting away with that, unless it's one of those companies that take everyone but also rake everyone across the coals and they have no choice as its either them or no insurance at all. Down here in the States that wouldn't fly, especially if you got counsel involved.
This is why you don’t buy a Hyundai of Kia
Imagine being so rich and out of touch this is the biggest problem in your life. Cry more.
There is NO way Hyundai is paying 56k for a battery … if they were, they would loose money on any new car .. a fair replacement cost is required
This is what happens when you live in a society of communists pretending to be capitalist.
Lol. Just be smarter next time by  Not buying an EV.
Driving an EV is just trading a tailpipe for a smokestack. Also making batteries is extremely bad for the environment. Cobalt lithium both toxic and employ slave labor. Lithium to refine uses a ton of water. And only China refines lithium atm.  Basically EV are NOT as clean as most think.
I just ran that part number and its only $30,582.03...thats still WAY to expensive though.
No ev’s for me. I regret having a Hyundai at all. My next vehicle will be a Mazda
Even if the battery is $30K. So after 5 years, the battery spoil and still have to throw away the car. This is not environmental friendly.
DO NOT buy an EV. They are a huge con
Automotive grade lifepo batteries are not nearly that expensive. That's a massive mark up on Hyundai's end just to classify it as OEM.
i think its a written mistake in the invoice, from whre the 5 number came?!!! it should be 6649.98 $, am i right?
EV’s are a joke. Anyone dumb enough to buy one, gets exactly what they deserve. Hyundai and Canada are just as worthless.
Kyle is now driving a Ford Excursion.
EVs are evil. They dont help the environment in the long run either. They are worse
The owner should have bought a cover that covers the battery cover
Lease. Don't buy.  At the end of the lease you walk away and the battery is someone else's problem.
How to fix a e.v battery cost...and headaches..don't buy a e.v
Not only are those batteries expensive, but the environment is also impacted by those batteries in production and in waste. Its just taking one issue and replacing it with another.
So environmentally friendly,  scrapping a perfectly fine car. Go green!
So in other words if you run over something in the road you're screwed. Awesome
The simplest answer to the problem is dont buy these EV cars. They are not environmentally friendly, they clearly dont save you any money long term in fuel cost savings, because lets not forget even tesla batteries are gonna cost 20k and its just gonna be refurbished with lower total mileage capacity bye bye fuel cost savings. Also the insurers are gonna total these monstrosities at every turn because IF the battery is damaged in any way you or whomever you sell it to is gonna be riding around in a boomboom on 4 wheels that will release plumes of toxic gas and cant be put out without expensive and large amounts of resources. Junk, minerals gathered by children in open pit mines, refined and dumped in the oceans and rivers, sold to people with more money than sense who would basically entrap themselves to unscrupulous dealers and insurers...
Just another reason to never buy an EV!! Ever. I just took a small road trip down to the Miami area and back to Orlando. I counted 5 cars broken down EVs along the way!! Owners just sitting in them dead or whatever. A complete joke. I will keep my ICE engines all day long.
You will own nothing.....
Just another lessons learned... 1- too soon to buy EVs 2- Hyundai just confirming that their customer service is broken and not reliable
I really like electric cars and had been considering buying one as my next vehicle. All the short comings discussed by others (charging time, charging availability, range) did not bother me. But, this just convinced me not to buy one. Especially a Hyundai or Kia.
Ya.....Eah!
Should have bought a Tesla. Traditional manufacturers selling batteries for more than MSRP? What a joke.
don't buy an ev
Lessons learned: Don't buy an EV!
STOP BUYING ELECTRIC CARS PEOPLE.
The problems of govt- controlled peasants.😮
Welcome to ‘ tickbox world’😢.
In this episode of “How scam works” …
If the car costs $55k and the battery costs $60k, then I guess I can pick up one of those babies without a battery for the cool price of -$5k. Slap a small block Chevy in there and off you go for probably break-even money! Lifehacks in 2023 are weird.
WHAT??? Electric Cars are a SCAM??? OMG.......I cant balieve it!!!!!!
Green technology. Lmao.
Electric cars are still in that infancy stage. Eventually they may find a different way to power these cars instead of lithium ion.
It should be illegal to charge the cost or more for any part of repair of any product period. What, the car is wortb 20 bux besides the battery? Bull.
1.2 M views in five days.  Hyundai is f-ed on this unless they do the right thing and unwind this horrible mistake caused by the dealer including his insurance issues.  The fix is simple. They replaced the car and they cover the cost of his insurance increase until it’s back to normal. Anything less would be unacceptable.
This is why my newest car is over 20 years old and my fazt car is 30 years old. Screw this crap.
Conclusion. Never ever buy any kind of EV.
This guy should have lawyered up the moment they told him it was a $60K issue.  Also… trusting your dealer???  Come on.
this is nothing shocking most ev's battery replacements are extremely expensive which is no suprise given the cost to manufacture them! As for the battery cover it really doesnt need to be taken off a computer diagnostic is all thats required as a failing battery usually has to be completely swapped anyway  these things arent really repairable in the veichle for a mountain of reasons
Electric cars being better for the environment than a car running on gas is a myth. Battery production is very taxing on the environment. Plus, electricity is not fully green either.
Not practical and worse for the environment than gas.
Hyundai is kind of dropping the ball with this car. My mother owns one of these and I had to turn down the charge rate due to not fully charging from overheat issues. There was a recall on the issue that ultimately is just a software update, and the problem still exists. So far, we're being told to deal with it as there is no actual fix for the issue. As an electrician and ex mechanic, I can tell that its a conductor issue in the charge port because they are too small for the higher current which means they need to replace the entire charge port. I did find online that i guess there is a class action lawsuit about this issue so hopefully it gets resolved soon.
So you buy an electric vehicle then there’s no way to put a new battery in it at a reasonable cost so then you turn around and sell it to a junkyard for $600 for weight in scrap metal and then they say we have to get rid of the battery That’s going to cost you $3000. So you buy an electric vehicle to pay to get rid of it in the future. Amazing.
Any capable electric technician can resolve this issue with no more than $500 parts. Open the battery pack with proper insulated gloves and tools, test each lithium cell with a wave tracer, and when you see an inconsistent trace simply remove the defective cell(s) and replace with new one. This will be good for the environment and your wallet !
The tesla cool aid just as hazardous. Range & quality issues are the same let down.
The first ev car that I’d like for them to convert to a gas vehicle. Love the stylings on it but I’m not sold on ev vehicles yet.
THE REAL PROBLEM THAT i CAN SEE WITH THIS CASE IS THAT THE MANUFACTURER DOESN'T WANT THE LIABILITY LATER IF THERE IS A FIRE OR EXPLOSION, BECAUSE THERE IS PROBABLY AN ENGINEERING GUIDELINE THAT REQUIRES A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF AIR  SPACE BETWEEN THE BATTERY PROTECTION PLATE AND THE BATTERY TO ALLOW FOR THE AIR TO PROPERLY COOL IT. "BATTERIES DO CREATE A HUGE AMOUNT OF HEAT" THAT'S WHY THEY HAVE NEEN EXPLODING EVEN WITH OUT A DAMAGED PROTECTION PLATE. AND IF THE AIRSPACE AROUND THE BATTERY IS REDUCED" WHICH IT WOULD BE WITH A LARGER DENT THERE WOULD MOST DEFINATELY BE A LARGER POSSIBILITY FOR AN INCIDENT DUE TO COOLING.  I  WOULD THINK IF THEY WOULD HAVE REMOVED THE PROTECTION PLATE AND STRAIGHTENED IT OUT TO PROPER SPECS "WHICH THEY COULD DEFINATELY DO" WITH TECHNOLOGY BEING WHAT IT IS TODAY AND THEY COULD HAVE REUSED IT.. MUCH LIKE A BODY OR FRAME ADJUSTMENT BACK TO NEW SPECS AFTER AN ACCIDENT ON A  UNIBODY VEHICLE...
It reminds me of cheap printers and expensive printer ink cartridges
1.2 million views, would love to see the reaction from the dealership 😂
For those of you who are saying they should have pulled the cover and inspected the battery: You are wrong. The battery has been impacted, the damage will be internal and not visible. If damaged internally, the battery could catch fire at any time with no warning. Moral of the story, do not buy Hyundai, do not buy an EV.
EVs are not going to become mainstream anytime soon. Lost of people fall for them because they look fancy and there is a lot of advertisement. Same as apple products. Expensive junk. No one who knows anything about it is going to buy it.
So their solution (Hyundai,) is we can sell you a cheaper con.
Even better when you know that the e gmp platform allows for partial battery replacement. The dealership is just lazy and said.. yep, new battery. complete BS
As an engineer and car enthusiast, let's put this whole situation under a scope: 1-Car Dealerships can be very unprofessional sometimes and almost never their prices are better than in the aftermarket shops 2-Electric cars are an interesting solution for mobility WHEN the batteries reach their maturity. Let's assume for a minute, the batteries aren't that expensive. What would the dealer/shop do to the older battery and their heavy metals as most of them are not quite fit for recycling? Just dump in the enviroment? Put in a warehouse? They have lower impact than other batteries, but still no whitepaper was released with an eco-friendly and economical solution so far. 3-Hyundai response was very vague(as expected in the case). Instead solving the problem, or giving a solid direction to satisfy customer. 4-This over-pressure for the enviroment is making people act in non-rational ways: "I want save the planet's enviroment, so I'll buy a car that uses electricity from thermelectic plants(some using coal), that runs in a battery extracted from mining in 'third world countries'(some using children), so my carbon footprint will be low". This makes no sense at all. A combustion car running ethanol processed from sugar cane is much less enviroment harmful is some aspects. 5-The same probem happened here: a guy had a BMW X5 running gasoline and changed for a newer X5 Hybrid. Later, the battery had to be changed and the search commenced: after looking the dealers in four different satates, the found it. The car costed 500.000 BRL brand new and the battery had a tag price was 350.000 BRL(so if you have a hybrid, start making your math as well...)  Conclusion: It's vital taking care of the planet. But we must migrate for solutions that make sense. Electric cars (at this point) have very little: you wait too long to charge a battery(in comparison with a common gas tank), in case of any problem, you may write-off you car and acquire another brand new(with its enviromenta impact generate during production). If you country's main electric source isn't green, then you'll help polute more, puting more pressure in the electric grid, etc...
This is not the first case. The solution is not to buy a EV. It's a scam
You better don´t buy any Hyundai electric vehicles any longer to punish the Hyundai brand .. the price for a new battery ( including replacement costs ) is ridiculously high and it does not make any sense to drive such an electric car because of ecenomic reasons.  The battery packs of the chinese automobile brand NIO can be changed fully automated in a special container within 5 minutes ... and you don´t even have to buy the battery pack ...  you can rent the battery pack when you buy an electric car from NIO. So in case you have a damaged battery it will be changed without any problems and i am very sure you will not pay for anything in such a case. Buying the battery pack does not make any sense to me in these days.   Even Tesla did it wrong in my opinion and they should change their battery pack system to a quick change system like NIO did.
Well there you go! Never buy an Ev. Thanks guys!
it's the glamorous side of having a EV. 🤣😂😛
You should never buy a electric car. Pieces of shit, but Gretta will hug you
Brand new Hyundai ioniq 5 price: $41,650  Hyundai ioniq 5 battery replacement price: $6,000,000,000
Go woke - go broke!
If the battery cost 20k more than the cost of a new vehicle we should go but the vehicle for 40k, remove the battery and sell it for 50k, rinse and repeat. With a nice lift you could have that battery out in a day.
As a Chartered Mechanical Engineer who has worked in the automotive industry for a number of years I find the decision made to replace the batteries without seemingly carrying out an investivation of at least removing the protection under tray to be surprising and I would advise anyone to get an independent survey done by a fully qualified engineer (it's what I did for a living) and if necessary take the findings to a court if absolutely necessary - as I am not party to the investigations carried out in this specific case I can only speculate but it does seem that there was a lack of due diligence carried out  - again just my opinion base on the facts presented
Very good reason to not purchase any electric vehicle.  This also means resale value is worthless after a few years.
I've been SAYING THIS FOR YEARS, AS EVERY DEALER I HAVE ASKED OVER THE YEARS FOR A REPLACEMENT COST ON A BATTERY AFTER THE 8 YEAR WARRANTY IS EXPIRED HAS NOT ""OR WILL NOT"" GIVE YOU A PRICE BEFORE YOU BUY BECAUSE THEY SAY NO ONE HAS EVER HAD TO REPLACE A BATTERY ON AN EV VEHICLE YET.  WE ALL KNOW THEY DON'T WANT TO TELL YOU RPELACEMENT COSTS BECAUSE WHO IN THEIR RIGHT MIND WOULD WANT TO CONTEMPLATE  PLAN A HUGE EXPENSE OF THIS SIZE " MORE THAN THE VALUE OF THE CAR BEFORE THEY LAY OUT THIS AMOUNT OF RIDICULOUS SIZE FOR AN EV... AND THIS IS JUST THE TIP OF THE ICEBERG, WHERE ARE THEY GOING TO DISPOSE OF THESE BATTERIES WHEN THEY HAVE EXPIRED, LITHIUM ION DOES NOT ORGANICALLY GO BACK TO THE EARTH WHEN IT IS BURIED, WHAT'S THAT GOING TO COST THE ENVIROMENT WHEN THAT TIME COMES, IT IS LIKE TRYING TO BURY TIRES, THEY DO NOT DECOMPOSE.. ASK YOURSELVES THIS BEFORE YOU GET SUCKED IN TO THE EV MARKET, "WHAT IS THE CARBON FOOTPRINT GOING TO BE FOT THESE VEHICLES WHEN IT'S TIME TO SCRAPTHEM.. THE WHOLE THING IS JUST A RUSE AND PEOPLE ARE FALLING FOR IT.. "" DON'T GET SUCKED IN,OR YOU WILL PAY FOR IT DOWN THE ROAD"" BEWARE!!!
If that battery cost 60k they need to have a 2-3 inch think steel plate under it.. with a 2-3 inch gap between the battery and the plate.  Anyone the buys an EV nowadays should prepare to have a vehicle that is worth nothing when the warranty runs out. Only an ignorant person would buy an out of warranty EV.
This is what i tell people, this was not even a collision and yet it had to be written off, i have seen several ev vehicles which got into what normally would be light to mild accidents, completely repairable but as the battery pack was somehow affected, the vehicle was written off.  This is fine if insurance pays something good, if it doesnt then u basically get nothing, also not every insurance covers full battery cost anyway  Avoid ev fellas
Hello Hyundai, With the battery costing more than the purchase price of the car, can I have a new Ioniq5 shipped WITHOUT a battery for free please?
This story is sooooo old and fable like
Fools and their money are easily separated.
What should have happened… he should have got a regular ice car and not got scammed.
Hyundai??? No Hyundai EV? Big No
Also, that electricity comes straight from a coal plant. Enjoy, enviroMENTALists
I recently wanted a new car, have seen many horror stories about EV batteries plus poor charging infastructure so now have a 2023 BMW X3 xdrive petrol (gasoline)
Whatever.............$60,000 for a new battery! What happens in 8 to 10 years when he really needs a new battery?
Should not have taken it in, it's like poking the bear.
Why would anyone buy a car that could randomly give you a $60,000 repair bill? How does anyone imagine that replacing a 1-year-old $60,000 car can be good for the environment?  This entire industry is a fraud a hoax a scam. No legitimate operation would ever try to do something like this.  It's just a matter of time until this house of cards comes tumbling down. Stay away from this industry. You'll never get a 60k bill for a gas car repair.  Is this car going to cost me $60,000 a year from now? That's the question every buyer should be asking themselves from here forward.
Here's an idea: instead of using insanely expensive batteries that cause huge environmental damage to both produce and dispose of and take at least a half an hour at best to recharge, how about buy a fuel efficient gas engine that you can refill in three minutes?   Just trying to think outside the box here...
The veneer of electric vehicles is starting to peel off.
Stupid and idiotic to own an EV from the very start as everybody knows saving on gas is nothing compare to your electrical bill while  charging at home. Spent few thousand to fix the charging point for the car and thousands on new battery. Meant for the elite globalist with filthy money.
Electric Cars are looking like an expensive scam
Best part is you can’t destroy the batteries so they get buried in the ground. ❤❤ electric cars are the largest scam ever created by greed.
It’s a light scratch. Just drive the darn thing and stop being so dramatic.
EVs are like mobile phones: a throw-away-article. Huzzah, let´s save the environment!
What a weirdo couple, what did the doi, big numbers ? British Columbia, WHO CARES ?????? Make your own cars !
Propaganda against Hyundai. Doubt it! Why should the battery cost more than the car?
This deeply concerns me owning one of these.
It is all a rip of people making money for nothing greed see how people are sucked in
Don’t buy huyndai got it.
All shit he shouldn’t have bought the shit ev he’s a sucker don’t believe shit from people mouths
Im sticking with ICE cars for now as that battery price is insane.
Electric cars are so stupid on so many levels.
Stay away from both. The dealer and Hyundai. Why you don’t mention the dealer is suspect.
EVs are shit
Even a damaged battery has residual value. This replacement cost is ludicrous. There should have been a full inspection and diagnostics run on the battery. I suspect that it was fine.
Electric cars don't make sense full stop 😂😂😂 it's all a con and lie and anyone who actually thinks there green or better for the environment need there head looking at and actually look how they r made 😂😂😂
This is the case when it is obvious that owning a car with a "dirty" gasoline engine is much more profitable than wanting to save on the cost of gasoline.
The Stealership strikes again ! The bodyshop has no experience with pack repairs. Let Youtuber Rich Rebuilds repair it like he did Tesla's 10 thousand dollar battery for a few thousand.
Was there any functional loss to the efficiency of the battery? We don't know yet. Still, $60K CAD for a full battery replacement under warranty is stupid. Surely, there might be battery covers available for any EVs out there which a customer can purchase without breaking the bank, right?
They should just replace the cover rofl
Batterys will never be a good solution for demanding machines. Why do you have a turbine generator on an Boieng jet or Airbus? Becaus it is better to generate the energy at the rate that you need it then to acumulate it in on small place for use. Batteries are fine for small things, low voltage consumption.
Sounds like the dealership is trying to scam the guy
just dont buy crap like hyundai n kia
You have to be pretty dumb to buy an EV.
It's not unusual for debris (or ice chunks) to find it's way onto the highway where it could cause damage like this case,  but the consequences can be enormous for EV drivers -  if not a battery explosion/fire then a hefty repair/replacement cost.   It seems that as of now EV batteries are not capable of modular repair/replacement with just minor damage rendering the whole battery useless.  A significant deterrent to replacing a gasoline vehicle with an EV.
The EV market is done. It was sold on a lie (affordable clean eco friendly driving) with the current (no pun inteended) price of electricity in the UK sky rocketing & the sheer price of entry level for decent range being out of reach of most people. Then we have batteries which just like your mobile phone, deteriorate very fast through continual charging & decrease massively in range. Then we also have to factor in the quite frankly ridiculous repair & servicing costs. Finally we have the alleged numerous reports of spontaneous combustion & explosions. In the UK the Government recently moved the EV deadline from 2030 to 2035 & you can bet it will be scrapped altogether. I personally wouldn't touch an EV, it's Eco Diesel Blue Drive for me.
Don’t drive electric!
EV is to save money but not save money lol
The EV car is doing exactly what it was meant to do. To kiil the market for petrolium at your expense.
Nothing new about this story and tens of thousands of other ev owners worldwide are discovering the exact same thing but of course as usual that is just a myth/conspiracy theory that is NOT on main stream media . Do you own research and you may be shocked in the whole ev debacle !!
Swap it for a diesel
NO THANKS! GASOLINE FOR ME!
A "Safe Driver" will still run over Ice Chunks left by Tractor Trailers covered by Snow. Is the battery "protection" robust enough to be called what it is if it can't handle being SCRATCHED?
I'm a retired EE.  BATTERY TECHNOLOGY IS IN NO WAY READY FOR PRIME TIME!!!!!  WE ARE BEING DECIVED, BIG-TIME.  AND GOD HELP THE POOR SOUL WHO GETS TRAPPED IN AN EV DURING THERMAL RUNAWAY.  OMG!  Stay away from EVs.  Need a battery?  Might as well scrap the car.  Maybe there will be a market for conversion to gas. This is all stemming from another B.S. lie, namely Climate change.  Did you know that the vast majority of warming is caused by ........... WATER VAPOR, AKA CLOUDS! Look it up.
Was this a Hyundia car?  Self explained.
It seems manufacturers are using the EV change as a method to chaneg their repairability business practices. The two are not normally related. Manufacturers should be forced to build cars to be just as repairable and modular as older ICE cars are. Repairability is also not really a topic for any of the car journalists or reviewers, they all just care about the new car experience, however cars are often used for 20 years or more throughout several owners, and they should be possible to economically repair.  Of course this also happens to some ICE cars, an engine replacemrnt to factory one is often 10k which makes just as little sense and should never be the case.
But the battery is not just one big block. It’s made of many smaller segments, so it’s strange that they say that all of them has to be replaced.
1st mistake, buying an EV. Second mistake, buying an EV made by Hyundai😂😅
lol how could a battery cost 56.000 dollars.. That is just absurd, - a Tesla replacement battery is around 16.000 dollars.. Smells like somebody is trying to milk the insurence company.
If the battery is so expensive, how were they able to sell the car cheaper than battery replacement cost?  This is really scary.
He kept on driving it, so im assuming the battery is still working, why does it need replaced? Another reason not to buy into the electric dream/nightmare. Also I hate having to deal with the canadian insurance mafia!
So much for the EV revolution saving the planet, you need a big hole in landfill to get rid of this trash.
Doesn't matter if the replacement battery costs 6K or 60K. Issues like this should never void warranty and should be repaired by the dealership or a local brand service.
So EV not so green at all. If the battery cost that much.
The bottom line all EV is the piece of junk to expensive to repair
stuff like this, is why the Prius and other hybrids are Still a better option.
This car was in my list. If Hyundai was this flimsy then I’ll forget the 7 years warranty they provide. I’ll forget EVs for now and stick to my Golf GTD Mk7. It always surprises me how much mileage I get from a full tank. AVOID THAT DEALERSHIP as they have no common sense = no empathy!!
Don’t buy Hundays why you get a piece of crap? Get a v8 fuck EVs😂
Here in Europe you have 8 years warranty on the battery. And if you really need a new one it costs only about 20000€ up to 34000€ depending on the capacity.
If their so annal about thinking the battery is going to blow up from a little scratch ! How about better protection ooooorr  different placement of said battery , this can not stand , Hyundai do better .WTF.
It sounds like the dealership were scammers that didn't have much technical knowledge about batteries
Regardless of the outcome, Hyundai's reputation will take a hit. This is not a good look for the company at all and probably a good reason for customers to steer clear from their products.
Dealership my ass
60k for whole car, years later battery breaks,60k for just battery… makes sense….
The machinic couldn't plug his computer into the metal plate that was the problem, HOW STUPID.
Tako  i treba kad ste budale i kupujete elektricna vozila
If car dealerships and the companies they represent actually dealt truly fairly and honestly with their customers, this would not be a problem. Passing the buck is an art form in the automobile industry. Convincing people who want to stay "green" and "politically" correct end up paying ridiculous prices and losing horrendous amounts of money as in situations like this. Mix in a government run insurance company...... Well, lets just say this incident is an object lesson about EVs. You avoid trudeau's Carbon tax for fuel, but you pay EV car dealerships and government insurance the money you "save" anyway. Electric Vehicles? No thanks. I prefer getting my money's worth instead.
THANK GOOD that starting with January 2028 European Union allows only the sale of anything where the Battery will be removable and can be changed even by a non expert! like that they will be forced to make a big change in how they build and and price the batteries - because the next step will then be to make interchangeable batteries down the line... like a unification for specific models for certain electronic devices. Including Mobile Phones and Cars! that will drop the prices in the long run significantly
buy a NIO and you don't have this problem. Battery gets swapped in 5 minutes...
Total scam 🙄
Really weird. You can get parts for the battery separately, e.g. the shell can be renewed if the battery parts are usable.
Sounds like made up stuff to me. Should’ve just bought a Tesla, you’ll be fine.
For the environment 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I suppose those "damages" will be dealt more ratinonal in the future, when there are more EV's on the roads. Right now, as a user of a new Kia EV, I'm glad that it's fully insured, and I'm also not planning to keep it until first inspection, which is 4 years in EU. 😅
Happened to me with my Chevy.  One cell was bad but Chevy would not replace the single bad cell, would only offer to replace the entire battery pack for more than the car was worth.  This was 3 months after the warrant wore off.  This is why I'm not buying an electric car again until there is some regulation on this.
It’s a total scam. The batteries are brought to you by China. Huh….like they don’t have their hands in everything else. I will never buy a EV!!!
You can't take risks with those batteries.  As the car has no engine it's obvious they need to be completely undamaged to be safe to store vast amounts of energy.  This is carefully metered out energy from an engine as battery vehicles have no engine. The entire amount of energy required for the journey is stored in a tightly spaced area and metered out through a very complex state of electronics.  You can understand extreme caution from the garage and fear of litigation.  If an aircraft lands heavily even if damage cannot be seen full checks and analysis becomes necessary.
I think there will be an opening for car conversion companies, electric to i,c,e. Nice little V6 engine would slot nicely into that body shell. There are many of us engineers and mechanics around to make it fairly simple.
EVs are bad ideas for now . wait another 5 years and check again if EVs worth it . better 10 years ;)
So are they selling their cars at a loss for market share or something? The battery is not custom built, it's normal mass produced for their cars. This just doesn't add up
Hesla??
That’s no Kyle that’s a Kyong! 🤪🤪
I took a big hit under my Model 3 performance last year. I was worried a out the battery pack damage so i took it to the local Tesla center. The nice guy check it out and said there are multiple layers of plates which protect the battery pack. My plastic cover got scratched but there's no need to replace anything.  I drove away without paying a dime even for the inspection.
Looks like the second hand market for a motor vehicle could be a  massive mine field if the first owner is hiding damage
People that buy EV,s are gullible and easily influenced People, its only natural that main dealers that charge twice as much as independent shops that offer twice the service for half the price would take advantage.
Wow! So when you buy an IONIQ 5, you get a $60,000 battery, and a free car with it?
EV are trash
An EV has a huge burdon on CO2 from the production process of the battery. It needs nearly all of its lifetime to compensate for this. What is left is the benefit for the customer. An its hard to identify one here.
Those god-damned dealers.
EV sales goals in Canada are 60% in 6 years 100% in 11 years the Canadian GOV has no idea what they are doing.
It’s madness 😢
Can we just stick to gas cars or hybrids .  These electric cars don't seem worth it
most baterry replacements are insanely expensive, to the point it's better to just scrap the car and buy a new one...  this is very bad, because the whole green point is moot at that stage, you really have to drive them into the ground for them to be greener than ICE cars on average (emissions  on the planet plus car lifetime from resource extraction to car life end), EVs just move your emissions from where you usually move, to where the electricity is generated, the car was manufactured, the resources processed, and finally, where the resources were mined
@Waveform
Why would his insurance declare him not a safe driver. There was something in the road, he didn’t hit another car or anything wtf. And that’s a shady dealership. Honestly he should start a a class action suit against insurance and dealership and Hyundai
This isn't an EV issue, this is a hyundai issue. Many stories with Hyundai customers getting ripped off.
Yet another scam related to EV’s. People will never learn, they’ll just soak up all the global warming rhetoric and waste their money on every “energy saving” device.
I would have kept the car and let the insurance company deduct the salvage value from the money they are going to pay you and you would have been fine. Here in the US you can keep the car if written off and they deduct the scrap value of the car from your claim payment which normally is about $200 US. I would have never let them keep the vehicle. Just make them pay for damages to car.
Yet another reason to not buy an EV. While dealers and manufacturers sort their stupid protocols out it's left to the customer to carry the massive potential expense of this automotive experiment. Sorry, but I've become completely disillusioned with the whole EV concept.
I am glad I purchased petrol 😂
A number of unanswered points in your vid.  Isn’t a warranty void for an accidental event illegal in Canada? Was the quote validated by Hyundai Canada and Korea.? Was there a second opinion?
Didn’t know that car was so expensive, it look around 30K top.
Why are people still buying EVs? There's lots of these sorts of stories. I guess if you spend 55k on a small car then you aren't really using critical thinking.
It’s an at-fault accident in Canada if you hit unavoidable debris on the road? That’s lame as heck. In the States most insurers only consider it at-fault if you get into an accident or hit something else while evading.  Also, doubling your insurance premiums for 10 yrs?? It’s only 3 yrs here. Weird that there’s an instance of Canada being worse than the US for the consumer
Also a problem for buying second hand. Firstly, who wants to buy a second hand battery? Secondly, isn't it an obvious course of action for an owner who has a slight biff to try to sell the car rather than face the costs of repair or difference to their insurance? I'm sticking to my diesel!
My pal had a similar problem with his Tesla after an accident.. literally a few months old.  In his case Tesla authorised a 50%, "Goodwill contribution."   I would recommend anyone push hard for both dealer and manufacturer support.
It costs $60.00 to $80.00 USD to replace the battery in a 1967 Mustang Mach 1
The electric car isn't about getting rid of petrol it's about less people driving!  And not having 2or 3 cars per house.....
Very flawed
What I don't understand is if the batteries are so expensive, how are the car manufacturers making money selling cars?
What happens if someone has 100% financed the vehicle, but the insurance company has decided that the depreciated value is than the remaining residual on the car loan? If the battery integrity is such a ticking time bomb, why would anyone want to own an EV?
Conclusion: Small battery, small problem.
Of course that I know ! I had 2015 Smart Fortwo electric few years ago.  At the moment the car was worth $7500 u.s.a. dollars.  The battery went bad. Only the dealer, mercedes-benz, had a new battery.  They quoted me $22.500 fo it. Of course, without installation and returning the core battery.  They had only 2 batteries in the whole United States.  So, the car died right there... welcome to the electric car world !
I hope that potential customers see this video and avoid buying this car.
Well I guess another reason to buy Teslas over any other EV. Battery replacements are way cheaper and you dont have shitty dealerships. Service might not be superb all the times but at least you dont get into such problems and they know how to build a battery so it isnt considered dangerous because you had some small stone or sth hit your car from below.. As I like to say, there is 1 thing you can do wrong if you want to own an EV, and thats not getting a Tesla.  To me this just shows that Hyundai, like all those other ICE companies arent actually interested in pushing towards more EVs. This battery price is literally scam and I think they should be liable. Maybe it's about time someone goes to court with that shit. And Yes Hyundai Canada should have some responsibility for their dealerships as well. You can't just say "oh yeah that was something the dealership did, it wasnt us", like what  a load of crap. I hope people dont give up on EVs because of such shitty companies who clearly are only interested in selling more of their ICE cars in the future and only made an EV to pretend they care a little.
This is the sole problem behind EVs, the battery system is the most expensive part of a vehicle 95% if not 99% of the time. If any cells become faulty, EVEN IF its Only 1 out of 100 cells, the performance of the battery pack as a whole can be hindered and the whole thing would have to be replaced. There are certain places AND PEOPLE that can properly rebuild a battery pack with new cells and it cost MUCH Less than factory, but finding them may be an issue.
yes the great climate hoax is so companies can line their pockets with money
Was the battery still functioning properly? If so, why not just keep the car and continue to use it?
Damn thats rough... I for sure now know Im not selling my ICE cars and keeping the current EV untill it dies and then set it on fire. I dont think I will ever risk buying EV again. Maximum Im saving now is 2k a year by driving 30k km a year in diesel cost. This doesnt justify the risk and Im only home charging this is like the best case scenario.  If you charge from resellers its the same cost as a 5l per 100km diesel car.
This is what happens when we don't stand up to these people I've never understood what gives these people more power than innocent people taxpayer why do they quotes the police everybody always gives them more power why because we are weak human beings and we do as we told our little puppies we deserve it
Basically don’t buy EV’s. Stick to gas engines people!!! They can’t stop all of us! It’s time to say enough and to fight back!
I bet Kyle won’t be buying another EV.
How we justify a battery cost more then new car. It is a part of car and there are 100s of other parts. Does that mean other parts are worthless? It's not. Entire valuation process is flawed. If EV battery replacement cost is more then 10k I'd scrap the idea of buying EV. It's just not worth it.
Just buy a maseratti 😂
Just buy a regular gas engine car
That sounds like incompetence to me. Garages globally have not, and will not, get re trained on electric drivetrains. Lithium scares people (wrongly). It's a problem of process. The company is just awful at managing dealership issues. The fact that nobody was able to take a step back and say that a scratch on a pack shouldn't scrap the car is crazy.
EVs are a absolute joke, do not go there, you will be disappointed.
Don’t buy an EV car it’s a nightmare about the battery.
Kor3an.   sh....
Electric cars are waste of money.
I rather buy a chinese car
😂😂  wtf
Note to self:  Steer clear of any Hyundia dealerships for the next ten years.
Wow a small scratch on an EV "bump case" is = to replacing the whole front end on an ICE car + more.......amazing.   Who would have thought silly people would fall into this trap and help those who started the companies / invested early to make money ?  The one's who started the whole climate change BS.  Its the old time oil barons from the 1900's being replayed again.......
So does this mean you’re warranty is void 10 minutes after driving off the dealer lot because stones and pebbles on the road which the road is made of or asphalt pieces caused light scrapes and scratches on a plastic protection cover on the bottom of a car it would be scratched or scraped within 10 minutes of leaving the dealer! That’s a pretty slick way for Hyundai to not pay out on liabilities!
Electric cars are not yet practical.
I had a Kia once in my life (Sister brand of this Hyundai) with amazing for the date, 10 years or 100K miles warranty. But but but.......... Every time something broke (And a lot did break including Transmission, Alternator, Speed sensor, manifold, Electric miscellaneous problems, Several electronical panels in the cabine, and list continues), the mechanic would make me to seat for a few hours in the dealership, then calling me, show the area of problem, then he would draw a magical line on the engine or where the problem was and would state, on the other side of this line, everything is under warrantee. On the side that your problem is, sorry, you need to pay out of pocket.   I have had simply enough of the S Korean BS that donated the car and never ever looked to these cheater's junck products.
I would NOT HAVE LET the insurance write it off without the Hyundai manufacture looking at it OR MOST OF ALL gotten a second NON DEALER opinion  And how can ANYONE say the battery was impacted without uncovering the protection cover?! They can’t!!        Also there is a cushion space gap BETWEEN the cover and battery of about 1 INC  So you would’ve had to driven over a hard object  And you would’ve heard the impact of that size! You also would’ve had a light on the dashboard telling you that the battery was not charging or that the battery was having an issue. If you didn’t have that light on your dashboard, giving you a warning that there was a charging issue, there was no charging issue.!!
EVs are a scam, they don't save the planet, quit falling for that bs.  Insurance on these heaps is insane
2003 toyota tundra here,never had a check engine light ever.still going strong and solid.
I would’ve gone and got a SECOND OPINION cuz DEALERS WILL tell you that YOU NEED WORK that ISNT NEEDED! ESPECIALLY WHEN IT COMES TO HIGH COST REPAIRS TO LINE THEIR OWN POCKETS!!
thanks report this video, i am not consider to buy Hyundai ev car in near future. horrible & scary !
Funny thing is, even without this new issue on the mountain, EVs were never green.  The only thing EVs did was incentivize research into EV cars so that one day we might be able to have a car solution that can be run off a power plant rather than individual combustion engines.  EVs themselves were never the slightest bit green.
Everybody, please enjoy the future of automotive technology
Use Tesla !
I don’t see any cracks or widen hole on that cover WHAT SO EVER!       And if they mean the space vertically between the COVER and BATTERY! Then how doesn’t Hyundai know that vertical space was from putting that COVER ON!!!       ALSO how is the battery damaged SO BAD and it had PUNCTURED it would’ve made the car in operable!      If the battery still charging and the car still drives without any warning lights, I would’ve just left it alone and just kept driving the damn car!     But I also understand that just because they’re scrapes on the cover, it voids the warranty and you’re liable for any fires that potentially could happen. That’s a really bad loophole that Hyundai is using to disconnect themselves from any liability! I’m sorry about rocks and pebbles and stones are part of the road. They’re not even considered road debris they’re just a part of the road those causes scrapes and scratches on the paint of the body of the car. Imagine what plastic on the bottom of the car would look like, and how easy it would be scraped just from stones and rocks and pebbles and sand!  So that would mean the first light scrape you get from a rock on the road. Would void your warranty pretty much 10 minutes after you drive off the lot.
The cover is glued on and it’s normal that the warranty would be void if damages were found. Think if you hit your oil pan and you blow the engine not any fault of the manufacturer. Battery replacement charges are the insane cost issue that no one talks about. Just ask any Tesla owner of an older model when their battery craps out or their motor takes on water and needs replacement. The protective cover is part of the battery casing and cannot be separated. Once an impact is found it can be dangerous to work on a battery. Heat measurements need to be taken for weeks. Lastly it’s not every manufacturer allow techs to open up battery’s and check them and or replace modules or battery packs. Some brands replace the whole battery for safety concerns. Now this damage is kinda small not sure what I would have called in a situation like that. But it not being warranted is completely normal
So , i want ti make it clear where the profit source is. If old battery remains at dealership they need to bother recycling it, so they'll sell it to some repair shop or junkyard for a hefty $ amount...
Simple suggestion: do not buy an EV. If the car has only regular engine, it will not be that complicated.
Not gonna lie companies won't last if they  continue to hustle the consumer, plus how is the car good for the environment and it literally  takes trees to make money, and  it to be over 50k for the car and apparently 60k for the battery...🤔think about it people
Not to mention the amount of the materials that will be recycled to use in other electric cars. This sounds like a double jeopardy case if I ever heard one. The incentive is too high for the manufacturer to write the entire car off and recycle it. I’m sure there’s some sort of core charge on a $60k battery.
I would make a bet if he had that battery checked by an electrician there would be nothing wrong with it
I knew they were garbage to begin with. If your vehicle can be totaled out for something that small. It’s a waste of the resources used to produce it.  The engineers failed, and this is an improperly designed vehicle if that’s the case. I’d go as far as to call them hazardous.
Forget EV, Hyundai or Kia (this is not the first time I heard about their expensive battery replacement). Just go back to Toyota and ICE... Less problems to your life.
It's hard to believe any EV battery should cost $56k.  This is a brand I'd never consider.
I just saw a similar case in the USA where someone took their 2year old used car in to a repair shop for a problem, and after the inspection, they were told the battery was faulty and needed replacement. The cost of the battery was going to be $18,000 , and the cost to remove and replace was going to cost $2000.00.
Moral of the story: stay away from Hyundai EV
EV is a lie, there is still a carbon footprint in producing the electricity to charge the car
This why I work on all my own cars, that dealer is probably selling that car as almost new
If the owner is the Korean young man, it seems that is ripe off by agency , since they saw him forgener they wanted to get more money from him... This happnes also in USa many times to non local ppl who has money... But Electric cars in general has very hgh cost batteries. Hiowever, I cannopt immagin it is up to this cost . Some Tesla has25K USD baterries but this Hyenday shoul;d have been less imo.
In what universe does the battery cost more than the car? THIS is just another reason i'd never get a electric car
Further proof that EV's are really not all their cracked up to be
This is insane, I have always heard battery cost could be upto 60% of the vehicle depending on the vehicle but 110% is just wild. Hyundai just ripped off the customer. It should just be considered be a case of corporate cheating
You just convinced me NOT to buy a Hyundai. Period. Looked at a Tesla and a Ford the other day. Now, I’m totally rethinking my possible EV purchase.
whatever. Your not making the carbon footprint any better buying these stupid things. The amount of pollution to make those batteries is very high so wtf are you talking about. And the way your terra forming the world since they aren't set up with infrastructure to charge these things is another thing too. Your not saving any money on fuel you have to now pay for electricity really?
The simple answer to this is…. People who buy electric cars are stupid. Like birds flying in a damn flock. There is no environmental crisis. There is no shortage of gasoline, which is a mineral fuel not a fossil fuel. The trouble is, people have been lied to in so many ways, they no longer know what the truth is! Easy to manipulate…. Like cattle.
In my opinion is more about liability,  example mercedes recommends if you hit something (potholes) hard enough to bend or crack a (front)  wheel you have to replace the steering rack. Does people actually replace it? No of course no, but they have to sign a paper saying they are aware, probably 99.99% wont be a problem
I have a sneaking suspicion that the dealership, was overstating the damage, and was trying to gouge him.  Road Hazards should not impact his insurance costs and be considered a risky driver.  This whole situation stinks.  Hyundai Canada is covering for the Dealership, because they're trying to save face and they know the dealership was trying to gouge the owner.  The vehicle in question may be in the hands of the insurance company but I guarantee that Hyundai Canada is going to buy it back from the insurance.  I'm going to make sure anyone I know that's thinking about an EV purchase about this and hopefully dissuade them from buying a Hyundai.
Scraping new EVs so easily doesn't bode well for their environmental credentials.
I predicted this decades ago when the Prius came out...battery cost will be the end of the used car industry. Once your battery dies your vehicle will be worthless.
Wanted to save environment and gas. Ended up with a 50% premium increase on car insurance and write off💀
I have 50 Canadian in my pocket,, I'll buy it right now.
Would never buy an EV with a battery that’s that easy to damage
Lol... wanna buy another ev from us again? Lol... Don't worry,  if you need a battery in a year, we'll just scrap that car, and sell you another... and you'll buy it! 😂😂😂
...and politicians want to force people to buy electric vehicles (EVs) when things like this are never in the equation.
Kyle I'm sorry this has happend to you.  As a former Service & Parts District Manager For Chrysler Corp in the late 1980's This is my opinion on what should have occurred  Apon you going to the dealership with this issue. The Service Director or Service Manager should have called The Zone office and spoke with the Custoner Relations Supv. They would have pulled me from what ever Dealership I was located to view your car. Pictures with and with out the battery cover on the vehicle should have been taken. I would have needed to see if any damage was done to the battery or if the battery cover was a little dented and no damage to the battery was done.  No way in the WORLD  should you be eating the cost of 60K plus having your car insurance double. In my opinion Hyundai should recall all those battery cover's and replace them for free. The factory which is the Zone office should have been involved from the beginning. The Insurance company should have stayed out of this.
We know now that unless you get media coverage you will be out of luck and out of pocket…. They only will help those who end up trending in news or YouTube
😂😂😂 Aren't these EVs awesome??? 😂😂😂
From the amount of views n this video it clearly shows everyone’s concern with buying electric cars and therefore solidifying most people decision to skip buying an electric car at this time especially from Hyundai. This was the exact car I was looking at and have absolutely no plans for n buying one anymore. Good on you guys for covering these topics!
NOT ELECTRIC CAR FOR NOW !!!
The answer is don't buy an EV.
Do the car still work fine?… Because is sound like that dealer tried to make the profit they didn’t do in the month
Oh yes buy electric oh yes . Electric car users are luke iphone users dumb.... Pay more stupid next year model is there
Yes, this is a catch :-). Then, politicians will decide to milk you to get fees for using EVs on the highways. They just need to start from $0.01 per mile. Just to begin with 😁
🙄😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Another reason to never touch an EV. Gas only = less headache, more reliable, and convenience.
A staggering price to replace a battery on an EV. What Hyundai, and probably other EV manufacturers are implying, is that with a battery life expectancy of say around 7-8 years, at the end of this period of time your car is basically worthless. As we all know, batteries don't last forever.
That's it. No EV for me. I live in a city where potholes are everywhere all year long. You guys just put on the RED flag for me. Thx
Where did the 5 come from
That’s why electric cars will always be a gimmick and a scam. Everyone should stick to a full gas powered vehicle.
That’s crazy and definitely ripoff. How is that even legal
I was going to buy Hyundai EV. But after watching this, I wont be buying EV or Hyundai anymore. Will also tell my friends and family about the hidden costs of such vehicles.
Ev cars suck
I remember hearing a story about a guy who had gotten a good deal on a used Tesla.  6 months later he needed to replace the battery.  he was quoted $30k.  he was so mad that he literally blew the car up.  with explosives.
This is why ICE engines will be either the way that vehicles are made or why the vehicle manufacturing industry will end if the political activists get their way.
Tesla Model S 90 pack battery-20k installed.  Not all EV car companies  are the same!
A quick Google search found typical cost for battery replacement fir this vehicle between $5000 and $6000 with only $250 labor. Sounds like many mistakes were made or just plain fraud.
WE LIVE IN A LAWLESS SOCIETY RUN BY GOVERNMENTS IN COLLUSION WITH CORPORATE GREED AND LIES !!
I don't know what to say. I don't know why people are buying these cars. There is no vetting of them. That's insane.
Never buy Hyundai
Gosh.  I've been waiting 2 years for the AWD model.  I think I'll be asking for my deposit back.  This is craziness!  There was another outrageous Hyundai battery related news story from Kelowna a month ago.  I think Hyundai is going to have a big challenge now in North America.  Way too scary!
EV's CAN GO F THEMSELVES !   THE MADNESS THAT HAS BECOME THE CLIMATE HOAX
Don’t buy Hyundai or Kia EVs. The other issue in this story is insurance theft. Why would the insurance company double this guy’s insurance?
But you are so progressive....😂😂😂😂😂
What I understand from this is don't buy en EV yet. Give these manufacturers a chance to figure it out.
Oh yeah... I'm gonna buy an electric car REAL SOON.  What a joke
I am more confused as ever. How can a battery cost more than the sticker price of the car?
Ok, no EV’s for me… Did you know if the battery catches fire it burns at 2700 *F and the entire car must be emerged in water to prevent reigniting?
It is happening here in dubai as well. The batteries are going bad just when the warranty expires
Phone battery replacement 10%-20% of the phone cost.  Laptop battery 10%-20% of the device cost. Electric lawn mower battery cost 20%-30% of the machine cost. EV will be new trend when battery replacement is 10%-20% of the car cost otherwise it will be another niche product.
WHOAAA!!!!!!
Electric cars are a scam and a horrible thing for the environment.  SCAM!
I Will NEVER own or buy an EV,  I'd rather buy a horse  .If at the end of the day the horse stops performing.   I can always eat it   and buy a new horse...
You couldn't give me an EV. I am glad I am old and soon won't have to buy a new car. EV's are going to be a disaster for the world..., bet on it. A huge lie continued by greedy people who seen a way to make a lot of money. 😡
If any/all money saved by not going to the fuel pump isn't greater than the cost of battery replacement then surely what's the point of EVs
my gosh, I had a ioniq 5 due to be collected in Jan. I've just sent a email to cancel the order. I'm shocked!
You know it only costs them a small fraction of 60k to get a battery, so to charge 60k for it is absurd
Check out EV maker NIO with battery swapping. You just lease the battery, and it is swapped in less than 4 minutes.
Should have bought that pos!
These cars are a scam
60 grand to replace the battery what a good deal where can I get one of these cars I need to rush out and buy one immediately
The list/net does not add up to $56,549 (Amount) should be $6449.98. Should be around $8500 out the door.  Math doesn't add up based on Line items.
Thank you so much for your advocacy. Can't help but wonder how many more similar stories are out there that we never hear about.
EV's are a scam.
6:43 says List/Net is $6649.98, but why is the "amount" $56,649.98?
Canada is not the place to own an EV. Makes about as much sense as buying a convertible in Canada.
Never buy electric.
oh that is so green to write off whole car because of battery ;) throwaway society is very environment friendly. people please dont get duped into buying this ev crap
Woke folk getting awaken.
I really want an EV, but damn, if it means we're now in the era of disposable cars for very light damage, I will never buy one.
EVs are a scam, noway id waste my money on these.
No way would I buy an EV unit these questions are answered. What is the resale price of a 5 year old EV. How long is the expected life of an EV battery. What is the price of battery replacement. How is the old battery disposed. How much money will I save compèred to my petrol engine. And last, How much pollution is emitted in the manufacturing processes of EV’s including all mining for minerals. I’ll bet no one will give an answer. Guess I’ll stick with petroleum until there is a better option.
Electric Vehicle is only good for city driving and it's not meant for road trip.
Lol what about the cybertruck and ford lightning truck. Are people going to use them as trucks ??
Let’s Get the dealership name on the table!! This story is waste of time without the dealership name!! 🇨🇦
Stupid. I blow a gas engine its 2500 to 4k to rebuild it. Id never buy electric. Plus the hyundai dealer never tested the battery!!! . That car is probably fine . The warranty should cover it regardless.
evs are a bomb all, dont they tell u that lmao. suckers .
ev is like riding on a bomb all .. dont for get that if they burn u cant put the fire out lmao. oh and they are not good for teh climate do u know what gos in to making them .. one ev is like 1000 gas cars ...to the climate all.  they lying to u all dont get one. unless u only using it to go to the corner store thats all they good for. if u going down a bush road u screwed .
Car buyers and enthusiasts need to look at the big picture of EV's. If, after that, you still want to get one, good luck! 😆
Fuck ev. Never would i ever buy that garbage
Complete horror story, across the world people running from EVs because this is a huge problem, I have a Genesis/gas with 80,000 mles with no back up camera. Time to go back to my former car dealer Mercedes Benz! And run from EVS.  Good luck everyone
Get an old Corolla.
Utter nonsense. If this happened to me, I would say the vehicle is not fit for purpose. The dealership and Hyundai are in the wrong here.
wait till no company will insure them soon all. a ev in china. a school bus. blown up and burnt and killed 50 kids and the ccp is hiding it .. this is a scam .evs will not work good in canada wait till thers lots and u all will regret it big time all.  a lot of people have been killed by ev ... they all rdy tell u not to park them in garages and near your houses to .. no one wants them to .. but they push them on u all.. take musk he got on teh ground floor and the fad is over all. we had these electric cars befor gas ones, over a hundred years ago and didnt work then and dont know all. so dont be suck in to buying one ,even ask people that got one and they will tell u, not to buy one, if they dont hate u lmao.
This is why diesel cars that get 50 MPG are best and electric cars are NEITHER green or practical
It’s the wave of the future!!! 😂
LOL -a totaled car with a minor scratch and this wasn't even a supercar!!!😂😂😂👍👍👍👍
How can the battery be damaged when the cover was damaged??!! This sounds like a scam by the dealer! All these battery cars should be outlawed!
What’s that phrase? Oh yeah…there’s a sucker born every minute.
it  is  a typo.
Why if they are saying his car is a write-off does that double his insurance?
Holy cow! A new battery for my 2019 Chevy Cruze only cost $260.
Be real, be practical, get a normal gas or hybrid car, don't buy an EV just yet.
Why the games? Clearly the car is not free with a $60k battery? This has government fingerprints all over it. Whenever automotive manufacturers do something that seems illogical, it is always spearheaded by governments. Cylinder deactivation - cars that shut off at traffic lights - little unreliable turbo engines in everything -
Glad government mandate battery life 8 year 100,000 miles minimum
This doesn't make sense for a replacement battery to be more than a car? Are Hyundai selling the "car" for free, and only charging for the "engine", losing money on each sale?
When I bought my EV in 2018 I  expected that battery technology would be more advanced by now, and buying a new one would be in the 5k range.  Saddly, I was mistaken, and it looks like i will soon be owning a large brick with wheels.  For this reason, I will not be buying another EV.  I expect there will soon be a large cohort of EVs entering mid-life with dead or dying batteries, and the ensuing backslash will deter many prospective buyers.
Solution: ICE!
Why don't you name the dealership company, so that I know where not to go?
Sounds like the stealership is taking you for a ride. You seriously need to get legal help!  Scratches do not void warranties.  Hyundai should be making this right and working with his insurance to reverse this. If needed they should pay the insurance for their loss
There is nothing to see here because this is what the SMART wanted and what they are buying. Could you stop complaining and start obeying?
Is this one of the reason why there is a big push for EV - so corporations can get more money from consumers?
😮 holy crap, small road hazards is enough to total out an EV, even with the protection intact.  That’s crazy 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
How can the "round part" widen? Isn't there a similar hole further back?
Just another typical rip-off on OEM parts for cars. Not sure what other countries are like, but in Australia if you buy oem parts to build a car you'd be paying 5-10x what the car costs brand new. Governments need to step in and stop this obvious profiteering as it is costing all of us in our insurance premiums.
Was just about to buy one with my Christmas bonus. Not anymore. Thanks for this video warning. Hyundai can keep their junk and scam warranty practices. I will spend my money elsewhere
Everything about this only adds to my concerns about the current state of EV's. I'd love to own one, but current battery technology has a massive impact on the environment to mine those components. On top of that, batteries are expensive, incredibly difficult to replace, dont have much range compared to regular vehicles, and require very long charge times if you're traveling long distances. In addition, and in my opinion, EV batteries should have been designed to be swapped at recharge stations. Drive into a swap-bay, machine removes battery and places another in the vehicle. You pay a flat-fee or a monthly subscription for the service. Governments could even offer subsidies to those services to reduce cost and encourage people to switch to EV.
This is not the whole story. See the follow-up video by Ioniq Guy for that.
Sounds like an insurance scam!!! We just see it now, but I think they do this kind of crime all the time. Just take the money from insurance and let people pay extra for years.
And the government wants us to buy only EV after 2035?
this isn't an EV problem per se, it's a shonky car repair company in bed with repairers problem - they just assign RIDICULOUS charges to fix the issue as they know insurance will simply pay for it.   I recently got quoted $8000 by Hyundai to replace an ABS module that costs $155, they are simply corrupt and milking the insurance industry...  EV batteries are simply the latest target for this game......
Every time I see a new EV driver I think they have no idea the pain and suffering about to be inflicted upon them
Compare price and technology of Tesla vs other ev brands. With Tesla, you are dealing with Tesla and not dealing with dealers since all Tesla outlets are owned by Tesla (Elon Musk). No hidden charges and a lot of superchargers on the road.
Go electric go broke
Electric cars will never be widely accepted if manufacturers don’t get battery replacement costs to a reasonable level and avoid them being written off for very minor damage.
Don't buy and EV.  Not worth it! 4-5k to replace a ICE.
You all have to understand that these EV makes will NOT SELL batteries to non-dealers. It doesn't matter if you're i3 master certified through ASE, you can't buy them.. and they're VIN locked with proprietary tools that no 3rd party can mess with. That means both the manufacturer and the dealerships can ask whatever price they want for parts. And that is exactly what they do as can be seen here. They're making up for losses elsewhere in their businesses using proprietary parts in EVs.  My advice is don't waste your time with these things until government regulations force them to open up like they've had to do with ICE. EVs are the ultimate consumable as they sit right now. And stop saying they changed their processes when they haven't. They told YOU that obviously. But they only say that because they don't want you sniffing around on this. Keep tabs and watch what they do, not what they say.
hahaha...... this is their marketing strategy..... the replacement parts is more expensive than buying a new one..... crazy
Battery should not be at the bottom. The battery is exposed to physical damage and flood damage causing corrosion. Instead of getting a electric vehicle go instead solar panels for your home. I decided panels and saved around 2500 dollars but the system cost me 9k. Unless you are rich don't go EV cars until most problems are fixed.
This is why only fools buy EV cars or trucks if they do not make enough money for getting solar cell panel, garage, and already fully paid their home. EV cars are more about donating to the RnD of the companies and reduce a bit of CO2 which is a spit in the ocean. I don't know if the insurance penalty us for 10y. In USA, they only did it for 3 years.  Time to move on to hybrid Ford, Honda, or Toyota that are well proven reliable and battery cost is nor more than $3000 in most midsize cars
I rather spend money on fuel knowing very well that a car battery would cost me $130.00 dollars or so without labour, than to pay tens of thousands of my hard earned dollars on battery replacement on a piece of crap that is no good for long trips.
Lol😂 a sucker born every minute. Hey I have a bridge for sale!
Go buy you another car
when batteries last 2-3 K like a gasoline engine Ill consider buying an EV...
I would never own or drive any battery operated, EV, Hybrid or E rated toy car. Only a fool jumps all in when the far left thinks they have solution to solve the world’s problem.  I will always drive my Diesel powered 4x4 truck. If you don’t like it you can suck on my tailpipe.
Why would anyone want an EV when this kind of stuff happens?  No wonder they are rotting on New Car Lots.  Why would anyone want a Hyundai when they charge this much for a part?   Would be buyers are going to remember this. Hyundai is probably going to lose a whole lot more than $60k CAD in lost business with this kind of PR.  Consumers need to know about this, thanks for the video.
EVs are being forced on to the consumer without a lot of after thought on these costs. Any damage to the battery requires full battery replacement
EV’s are First World super toys.
60k Everyone has their hand in the till. Hyundai itself, Canada government regulation, insurance company, dealership, other 3th party handlers/sellers. Answer: don't buy this scammy thing.
It's kinda nonsense to me to make a battery of thousands of expensive cells and provide no option to exchange damaged parts.  The results is, someone will fix it anyway and if not done properly it goes up in flames.
This is very bad PR for hyundai. I'm sure a lot of people will think twice before buying one.
If I knew that my trucks brake pads cost more than my truck, I wouldn't buy it.  A battery is a wear and tear part.  I will not purchase an electric vehicle until that cost is affordable.  At this rate, it looks like I'll die befoe that day comes.  Also, it's pretty crappy for a dealer to inform Hyundai that the customer warranty is void without doing research.  There will absolutely be damage to protective plates on the underside of the vehicle.  Imagine if your warranty was void if the skid plates on your Jeep got a scuff?
“The space between the hole and battery above” - this part of story is KEY because that covering will take a huge impact and damage battery underneath without showing any wear on it
That’s the cost of saving the planet as per liberals.    Be sure to thank your liberal friends and family members that support the scam AND the politicians that promote it.
Driving an EV is kinda gay let’s be honest guys!
😂😂😂
Imagine buying a $30,000 Toyota Camry and then a year from purchase you run over something and puncture the gas tank and the dealership tells you that you have to pay $40,000 to replace it. There is no proof that EVs are any less impact on the environment than internal combustion. If your electricity is produced by coal, natural gas, or hydroelectric dam you are doing not ANYTHING for the environment. And don’t tell me that your EV is powered by wind or solar because those sources are only a minor supply to the overall electric grid.
I’ll stick with my ICE vehicles lol
This is why you go Tesla.
fake news
So his insurance paid for the repairs,  his insurance then goes up. Thats life isn't it?
With the mountain of research done on EVs and NOT being green at all why would anyone be foolish enough to waste money on one. Wake up people and do some homework. EVs are only exchanging one problem for another. Try looking at a lithium mine and seeing the extreme damage that does to mother earth. Humans are the dumbest animals on earth!
Just 1 more reason to Boycott EVs!
On another note. How much fosil fuel was used to get raw materials from mine to battery delivered to assembly line?  Pretty much the "not in my backyard" mentality. Most countries use fosil fuels to produce electricity.
K pop…!?
Landfills are going to be filling up quicker.
So…basically WHEN you pay the EV car off, it’s basically totaled because of the spent battery!  GENIUS 😂😂😂
Anyone see a pattern here? Pushing EV's on us to slowly get discouraged from owning a vehicle  to relying on government for transportation?  How is the reliability of the otrain in Ottawa and the REM in Montréal to name a few!
Dealership is trying to rip his ass off.
Kyle needs to learn from his mistake and never buy an EV again. He can then go buy a Corolla while still paying off the balance of the worthless EV he doesn’t have anymore. Hahaha
Well, folks, now we see why the EV vehicle market is coming to a screeching halt. The true cost to own, maintain and insure one of these vehicles is starting to come out. I for one want nothing to do with one of these vehicles.
Battery costs are influenced by other factors. What is the dealer going to do with your old battery once its removed? Is there a technician qualified enough to replace it at the dealership? While all these questions are in a grey area, so are the costs. Buyer Beware.
Only people prone to propaganda buy EVs - they are worse in every way
F electric vehicles.   Anyone who buys one is out of their mind
A lot of trust in the dealership, come on!!!!
i guess its true, gas or ev. it all evens out in the end
Tesla, D to consumer.   Can’t trust dealership.
This story will effects EV's sales in all vehicles brand. It's just insane.
Marry an electric car and get divorced and you will be left on the street
the guy had no brain. if it drives fine, dont fix it!
lol. thats why i take the bus. costs me $1
I'm lost so was there anything actually wrong with the battery? Like performance problems?
Let this be a warning. Stay away from the fake green money maker for the big corporations EV scam. Gas/diesel is the only way to go. We are too far away to put EVs on the road, unless you’re rich.
This is why I have never given any thought to any Hyundai/Kia product, and any EV of any make or model. To me, they make absolutely no economical sense whatsoever.
They are lying.
I've heard things like this before.   It's not just because it is an EV.  It's because those dealers can only things that are on their schedules of authorized repairs.  Because they dare not "wing it" and try to repair the cover they are obliged to take the easy way out and say "Oh the battery pack needs replacing".   It is not any engineer who says this.  It is a lawyer somewhere who thinks only of litigation loss because some unauthorized repair was done at a dealer.     Car dealers don't actually fix anything.  They only replace stuff.   Wise up.  Never go to a dealer again.  Garage the car until you can find someone who is not afraid of his own shadow.  I would say the car is easily fixed up to be as good as new but... an authorized dealer would never dare to say that.
This can only happen in Canada.
Hyundai trying to rip off the unhappy EV customer by offering a discount on another new vehicle! The nerve to do that! 🤬
So basically Kyle is 💩 out of luck. One work Kyle Toyota hybrid RAV4
Watching this video a couple of more times, another realization.  The various scratches on the plate that covers the battery.  Using Rural Canada as an example.  Not everyone lives on a paved road.  A significant number live on gravel roads and routinely kick up various stones under their vehicle.  Are these people going to have to replace their EV battery every one to two years?   What about those who own camps and drive on gravel roads?  Then the countless times that people have different chuncks of ice hitting the bottoms of their vehicles in the winter time.
Yup…will keep my gas guzzler until the EV industry gets themselves sorted out
EV’s The Future 😂😂😂😂  Another Hoax for the Libtards to think they’re saving the PLANET !!!  Just a Travelling 🔥💣
Crooks everywhere
in China, starting from 2050, by law.
Hyundai's response is just double talk, the battery cost won't get cheaper.
another way of the gov extracting money from people. hydro fueled cars should be pushed but theres no money in it, thats why they push for EV. buy hybrids, not EV. period.
On the estimate the List Price for the battery shows $6,649.98, why is the Total showing $56,649.98?  Seems odd.
Moral of story… it’s better for the environment to buy ICE car. 😅
My Honda pilot died on me last Friday at Niagara Falls  it was my battery cost me 156 canadian Pessoa at canadian tire down the road and large tims coffee  and 20 min of my time I was on my way home
How can a part cost more then the car?.. Thats doesnt make sense
Imagine thinking EVs are good for the environment
Never buy EV it’s a rip off December 18 2023
nice video. scary lookin lady on the left.
STUPID! SO DUMB... no one will buy ev anymore..
Insurance and dealers work for profit, poor guy got scammed. I would just keep the car and hell with warranty. If it catches fire it’s still insured!
I would never want an electric vehicle.
First off, if any replacement part cost more than the ENTIRE CAR!! then there is something seriously wrong with Hyundai, and maybe the entire electric car industry. Second, as far as I know the batteries on most if not all electric cars are mounted at the very bottom of the vehicle. Combine this with the guarantee of road debris, and there are lots of larger items that occasionally turn up on the road from parts of old mufflers, trailer hitches, building material, etc., its only a matter of time before you will run  over something - this is an engineering problem they decided not to solve so consumers end up paying. So for the insurance company to put the blame on the driver for something that was beyond his control is unacceptable. Also for Hyundai to call this a rare situation is BS, they are trying to avoid directly answering the question and whitewash the response. If you drive your car on the road you will encounter all kinds of stuff that doesn't belong there and occasionally it will bounce off of your car's undercarriage. Lastly I don't think the electric car industry is mature enough for consumer to buy their cars. Lithium extraction is extremely dirty. For every 1000 lbs of lithium the mines process around 500,000 lbs of earth\minerals. The cars are sold as clean energy but when you take into consideration the pre-processing to make the battery, the source of how your electricity is generated for the car every time you plug it in, and the environmental waste that remains after an old battery is used up the environmental impact is staggering - but hey car dealers and pundits say they are green and people line up. As an alternative look at more fuel efficient gasoline engine and invest in those technologies - turbo chargers, superchargers,  etc. Investigate alternate fuel cells like  hydrogen. Koenigsegg recently released news on a new engine that operates without cams, called Freevalve. Maybe someday we will all be driving electric cars but for now I'll stick with the cheaper option - that's cheaper up front to purchase and I don't have to worry about a looming battery bill that's as much as the car - ridiculous!
I would have a lawyer address this case with Hyundai  Korea. This is the first time that I have seen a principal dealer put the price of a battery equal to the price of a similar new car. This would not be allowed within the European Union. The apparent absence of consumer protection legislation in Canada is  disgraceful.  Please don't buy an EC vehicle ,because of the massive developments in battery technology .Buy a hybrid car with high customer satisfaction. In Ireland, where everyone drives a car, the best selling car every year is the Hyundai Tucson, which is a hybrid SUV, similar to your ill fated car. The newest version of your Hyundai Ioniq 5 is  70,000 Canadian Dollars approx. It has a 5 year unlimited mileage warranty, and the battery has 8 years or 160,000km warranty. You will get back 5,000 C$ as a "Green Incentive" paid to you by the Government. Sadly battery cars are only of value for 8 years ! In Europe battery replacement is expensive ,but nothing like your quoted price.  Hold tight ,and the best of luck. Thanks also to the Motormouth presenters.
I don't get this lower the carbon footprint idea with EV's (for those that believe in human caused climate change). Where do you think the power comes from to recharge these batteries. It's not the magic pixies. Oh and here is a number that is never ever mentioned. Carbon dioxide makes up just 0.04% of the atmosphere. If the number gets to much lower plants will start to die.
Nope. I'd rather pay $130, give or take for a car battery. Give me a gas car any day!
Message received don’t buy a Hyundai EV
😅😅😅😂😂😂 dở khóc dở cười. Cry for voided battery and laugh out loud for cost Expensive than a car
EV's are cool, but I don't see the benefit. I recently was in the market buying a new vehicle. I was hoping to buy a Hybrid at best but I ended up going with an ICE vehicle. I chose a Mazda because I already have a 10 year old Mazda that has been very reliable for me and my family and has many years of life still in it. I don't believe that most EV's will even last 10+ years.
Why would insurance companies ever choose to insure these cars if they are so vulnerable?
EVs are horrible for the environment on many levels.
If you take a close look at the invoice, there’s actually a typo. I’m guessing this typo for the list and net price which shows $6698 instead of $56,698. Then in the last column, it shows total price $56,998.
Don't go to the doctor if your not sick!
Who can afford a new battery! Second hand market will be extinct in the future!
Kyle's original sin was getting Hyundai, his second sin was buying electric Hyundai, and final sin was trusting the dealer.
Hardcore EV fans love to talk about them like it's a perfect experience when the reality is the exact opposite when things go wrong. Unless you have enough money not to worry about it, buying one is riskier than the community wants you to believe.
So Hyundai didn't say they wouldn't replace the battery, they just said it might be a different price.  The problem is that these cars are too complex for your average dealership to weld back together. All the smart people are working at the factory for these things. No one wants the liability of a car catching fire because high school grad joe blow spot welded cells in wrong.   Hyundai, and other manufacturers, figure if you were dumb enough to beta test the car for full price, they can just sell you a new battery and reduce their legal exposure.
Forget the battery, nobody had the skills or tools to take the cover off to have a look at the pack, and decided to write off a 60k car just because? Are you kidding me 🤣This is beyond a joke.
This is nothing new. Tesla batteries are also more expensive than the actual vehicle. Just check Rich rebuilds channel where he has several videos covering this topic.
Well let’s just all stay away from Hyundai
Car is totaled
EV just like smartphone use and throw
Replacement batteries are only 5,000 the 15,000. Whoever is saying it's 50 to 60,000 is a rip-off
The cover is seal tight not able to remove
buy a new car the scrap it after 5 years when it needs a new battery which costs more than a new car. Someone is making money here and it is not the car drivers.
Stick to petrol and diesel
Yup..Buy an EV it will save you money and help the environment 😅😅 you got ripped by your bros
Wait and buy the China EV , they are Come in .
Who would buy an EV or even a hybrid vehicle knowing this?
Sorry. Electric vehicles are a pipe dream. More nuclear power and less coal. Even developing nations are building nuclear plants. Eventually we will develop better solutions.
Absolutely stupid. One of many reasons why I won't find myself looking at an electric vehicle for atleast another 20 years.
Follow the VIN #. 10 to 1 odds this vehicle ends up back on the market as a certified pre-owned vehicle with a new battery cover. It sounds like the dealership scammed Kyle out of his car. Here's how it works; The dealership gets in a car with minor damage. They then declare a major component of that car that they know will make the car a total loss (in this case the battery) as damaged beyond repair. The insurance company takes title of the vehicle as part of the insurance payout for a total loss. The dealership then purchases the car for scrap value from the insurance company, which of course they are happy to do because it takes the vehicle off of their hands and they no longer have to deal with it. The money Kyle gets does not go to him, it goes to his finance company to clear his debt which allows them to release the title to the insurance company. Now they can legally resale the car back to the dealership. If Kyle gets anything it's probably in the form of a credit to put a down payment on a new vehicle. However, more often than not, Kyle gets a bill for the balance the insurance company did not cover from his finance company. The car then gets it's minor damage fixed by the dealer and gets resold as a certified pre-owned vehicle. There's a few more nuances to this "total out" hustle, like the fact that Kyle now has to pay a lot more for insurance for the next 10 years, etc.. But you get the picture.
the cheapest solution it was to mug another car just like his and take both cars to a shady body shop and boooooom baby!!!
That’s why I been saying the same people that are already ripping or trying to rip us off in oil and all other industries already own everything you will try to switch over to, so it won’t stop till we say no to everything!!!!
That’s crazy
Engineer here - did anyone actually test the battery to determine if there is in fact a problem? Spare parts for cars from dealerships have huge mark-up - about 4 times actual cost. You need to make sure that the car is crushed so that the manufacturer or insurer is unable to replace the battery at their cost (likely $12K) and then resell the car for $50K while charging the consumer an increased insurance premium. My opinion - until electric vehicle batteries are commoditized like regular appliance batteries I will steer well clear of them. Quite honestly the car would likely have been okay - the damage to the cover looked very minor but the dealership played the CYA card with an FUD (fear-uncertainty and doubt) strategy - i.e. if it blows up and catches fire the consumer is liable. Given the car was effectively being written off there would be nothing to loose by just continuing to drive the car.  Too many people going blindly down the eV route unaware of what they are getting into until its too late and he hit the nail on the head with his last statement - the money you save on gas gets spent on a new battery.   A gasoline car would have sucked a minor impact like that up very easily. Honda Civic FTW.
EV'S are completely worthless.
This isn’t a problem with EV’s, but indeed makes a great video title.  It ‘s a problem with Hundia or an as- ho-e dealer.  And you can get batteries replaced after marked for a tenth of that. And they come to your house and do it on the spot. Some very reputable companies doing this now.  And there are options of how much you want to or can spend and how long the warranty is on the replacements.   I hate all these scare tactics. My neighbor just spent nearly 3 grand just to get her burnt out headlight repaired on her Cadillac!   True story.
Battery in an EV have no protection from impacts..., so if impacted, then so many hazards/risk... Also car must be destroyed... Easy, Do not but EV
This is why I’d never buy an EV. Gullible is not a real word. If you don’t believe me, google it.
Wow amazing how recycled cans can make a pos like that and batteries that cost much as 2 dodge challengers 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 those pos are trash and they go up in flames so this is the future of transportation "right " id rather have a 1984 Pontiac firebird to relay on not this trash
Reminds me of getting a new phone because of of poor battery performance. Except it is a car.
If you're buying an EV to "save the environment" then you well and truly remove all doubt as to your ignorance.
I'm pretty sure if a battery is damaged it will show on the dash right ?   As for saving the environment evs are not , now they write off brand new cars which means all the mining that was done to produce that battery was a waste .
The owner learned a valuable lesson on why EVs are a dead end. Sucker got fleeced, hopefully the pain brings clarity. Now go pay the money and quiet down..
I will never buy an EV. If you do this is what you get. Don’t sit around and cry about it.
Evs are crap !!! On all levels they are a rip off and not the way forward . STOP buying evs !!! Not only are insurance companies gonna rip you off , mechanics can't repair them .
Wow. Great info - makes me wonder if this is typical of all EV's. Also, buying a used EV would be a very risky proposition. You would need to have accurate battery life and replacement info before proceeding on a used ev purchase.
Another reason to not buy one
Rich people have all the problems
Moronic people who buy and drive these vehicles, thinking they are saving the environment, deserve everything they get. Look into what resources that are used and needed to build one of these batteries. Then tell me, "I'm saving the environment". Brainwashed idiots.
A friend of mine has contacts within a Canadian vehicle insurance agency and says that sometimes the executives conspire to get a better deal on a vehicle for themselves.  No idea whether this happened in this case.
It's almost like that dealer doesn't want people to buy EVs....  I wonder if that coincides with Hyundai's rather low average profit of 900$ per vehicle.
So it seems placing the battery on the floor of the car is a defect since they have engineering built in to reflect impact. I’ll stick with gasoline.
After reading about this I would never deal with Hyundai, if I buy a electric o  I will ask many questions about the vechiles warranty especially the batteries, and get it in writing.
Buy a tesla instead
That's why you don't buy ev's Junk
While buying used IPhone, people use to ask about battery health, so should we do at the time of purchasing used EVs.
What did you expect you wanted to buy an electric car I think it's time for you to in involve a lawyer and Sue the company because that's just crapped talk
I have said I have never wanted an EV and I would think anyone seeing this video would not want one what is the insurance going to be after a few clams are made very likely close to the cost of a new car
This is odd... the battery cover required a battery cover cover??? Nice logic Hyundai.  I'll stick with my Honda, Toyota and Subaru.    The piece that is wrong in the vid is not all companies are the same.  I've had my Acura worked on for warrantee, and the company managed the whole thing with the dealer directly, all I had to do was make the initial call to Honda.  So yeah, in some car makers, you do deal with the company and not the dealer.
What a bloody scam. I will never buy and EV, we have all been fed a line of BS about their reliability. The stealership who sold him the car should be forced to give this poor guy his money back. This nonsense is going to cause the price of insurance for everybody to go up. The insurance for EV vehicles should be priced accordingly to care of the increased risk. Please stop buying EV vehicles till the battery  cost replacement issue gets sorted out. The cost of one battery replacement should be included when you buy the car.
Well, now I am quite hesitant and very pensive about buying any EV with a flat battery on the bottom (like most EVs are now designed). Any and all Canadian know very well the ‘thump” noises coming from under the car when there is snow and ice on the road, when changing lanes on a highway or getting through a snow drift or speed bumps etc. Or when the car gets beached in the snow: all,it’s weight is on the inside section, or battery. Those are frequent events for all of us, and they could very well scratch the under panel, and void the battery.  I mean, I see such scratches right now on the under panels of my ICE cars, and even a few dents / scratches on the muffler or pipes.   Hum, this is alarming. No EV for me; the cost would simply be prohibitive.
I know exactly what happened here. They gave him the fuck you price cause they didnt wanna fix it. I work in the small engine field and whenever electric stuff comes in and its a battery issue nobody fixes em. Nobody opens em up. I do and thats how i got all my ego batteries for free
Terrible car design if a scratch broke it. Horrible costs to repair too. I’m staying away from EVs for another decade. Especially Hyundai ones.
Crazy to buy an electric car in the first place.
It’s already been amply demonstrated that damaged Lithium batteries are highly dangerous.  If the batteries are that fragile then they should be in an effing vault.  A few little scrapes shouldn’t cause a write-off.  If you spend any time on the road driving over something that might scrape the bottom of your car is pretty much inevitable.  IMHO this is a design flaw and the manufacturer is culpable.
EVs just don’t make sense to anyone thinking critically.  Let’s take this slow and stop the aggressive subsidies
Every hybrids is wasted money i had always said and people still don't understand the cost when once warranty expires or a damage happens  and warranty  don't covered it.
@ 12:23 I heard   " Thinking of buying one at the STEALership "  👍
I had a battery operated car once. I was 5 years old.  Since then I grew up
Waitaminute... 2:47 shows the net cost for the battery as 6,6xx.xx; only the last column has a probable typo that prepends a digit!
The battery being in a place to be damaged that is under the car indicates a design fault, a electric car should have a quik interchangable battery separate from the car in seconds like a torch battery or radio in seconds to replace.
Have the old battery taken out  make sure they give it back to you ,sell it and use the money to buy new one or have a company replace the bad batteries for new ones .
Chinese ev company nio have hundreds of ‘battery swap’ centres throughout China where you drive in with an empty battery.  Five minutes later you drive out with a different battery pack completely charged.  This would’ve saved all this guy’s problems!
That's wasted money 😅😅!! Those hybrids cars are just for 4 to 5 year used only then prepare towels to cry😢😢😢!!those hybrid car is pure junk!,
Sounds like an unnecessary problem someone is lying
There's gonna be a lot of "Green vehicles" in landfill once their battery dies.
Why wasn't the cover taken off and the individual cells load tested   for degradation yeah it takes time but it only takes one unhappy customer to take away 1000s of happy ones and impact the bottom line
Solution to the problem is don’t buy anything electric…
One of the many reasons I avoid EV's like the plague
NEVER EVER buy cars from dealerships! NEVER!!!!!  I bought a VW from Guelph VW and EXACTLY 100km down the road ALL the WARRANTY ITEMS THAT WERE NOT FIXED but instead had the codes cleared from the modules (until the modules started their scheduled systems checks again and finding all the EGR faults) so there was no CHECK ENGINE LIGHT during my test drive / drive home. -AND thats just the tip of the ICEBERG!  VW Canada refuses to participate stating that the dealership with 2 40' VW signs on the building corners is actually a PRIVATE DEALERSHIP. CHOW AUTO GROUP (Worst customer service in Canada)  First and last car I EVER buy from a dealership. I've never had a fraction of so many problems when buying used cars.
EV is largely a 1) PR tool to make it look like the car industry is doing something about greenhouse gas emission 2) a way for upper middle class people to virtue signal.
The battery cover on your car just got scratched, that will be 2 times the value of the car!
"why dont people want to buy EVs"  EVs :
Wow. I have a Chevy Bolt and a GMC Sierra. With each vehicle, I ended opening a ticket directly with GM (found the number on Google).  One was the battery recall for the Bolt and the other the dealer could not diagnose a problem. GM was fantastic. They contacted the dealers involved, helped them and continued to check with me to make sure my issue was resolved.   I like my EV, but this video is an example of the challenges.  Insurance is higher. A lot of body shops can't work on them.
Is your battery not functioning as before the trip or is it just a physical damage to the underneath cover ? This is what you have to find out yourself, Kyle.
electric  junk i wouldnt be caught dead in this fire trap
It looks to me like the List and Net prices are $6649.98, not $66,649.98 and the labor is $1599.50 for a total of $8249.98. The final price shows as $56649.98 for the battery.  What’s up with that? The 5 should just be a dollar sign.
These EV's are going to end up pushing more and more people into poverty as more and more jurisdictions make them mandatory.  Canada is mandating all new cars after 2035 to be electric.
Hmmm this kind of thing happens to airplanes, too. Even with the smallest impact, it needs to go through extensive repair and testing, causing heaps of money. It is just what it is. Battery itself is very volatile and somewhat unreliable. And we know how it can catch into flames. The dealership does not want to be responsible if anything happens, and it is logical to just replace the battery to avoid future risks. Because it would be too difficult to assess the actual long-term effect on the batteries.
I never will buy a Hunday..  For me, looks like it is a robbery.. Probably after they retire the car, they will chk battery, battery will be ok, then resale it as used car (or refurbished)..
this is why no one should ever buy an EV unless they're filthy rich
Did Kyle not have an option to get a second opinion before accepting that answer.   That dealer sounds shady.
Stick to ICE, EV’s are a money making scam.
While I understand that accidents can sometimes involve driver error, the prospect of a $60,000 replacement cost for an electric vehicle component is certainly discouraging for potential EV buyers. As an owner of an Ioniq 5, I'm also concerned about potential warranty issues if anything were to happen. It's disheartening to think that all the savings I expected from owning an EV could potentially be wiped out in such a scenario
EV junk!!!
The simple fact is electric car battery's are ridiculously expensive,
EV's are a total scam.
And Kyle turns around and wants to purchase an new car from the same company??????????????  SMH
Built with baling wire AND Glue,   That is SO comforting!  LMAO!
Makes me want to trade in my EV and stick to good ol' gasoline. Screw the environment lol
This kid has NO business buying a brand new $60,OOO vehicle!  Typical  of his spoiled generation!🤮
Thanks for sharing
Here in the USA $60,000 dollars buys 20,000 of gasoline or more today, December 2023. At 32 miles per gallon in a Toyota Camry gasser that’s 640,000 miles and the car still goes and needs no battery. Don’t overthink an EV.
And the Usurper 1 first of that name creepy groper uncle joe Brandon thinks we should have to buy an electric piece of crap
I must be missing something.  The invoice states qty 1, at list $6,649.98, and net at $6,649.98 and the amount at $56,649.98.  That does not add up.   Quanty 1 x $6,649.98 = $6,649.98!  There is a $50,000 accounting mistake there.  Additionally, even if the quantity is shown incorrectly, there is no integer number that multiplies by $6,649.98 that equals $56649.98!  Either the total was a computer glitch or someone mistyped the total amount  mistakenly.
Just had a thought about self driving, what if you impact a piece of road debris, who is on the hook if the batteries are damaged in any way, and if you didn’t prepare for any unseen hazards? Oh boy, it will be a mess!
Ugliest car ever build looks like something from a sci-fi movie form the 80s😂😂😂😂
Electric cars are CRAP! Not saving any environment or $$$
IMO, you are an idiot to buy an EV!   The technology is way too new to market to be reliable!
It's no wonder why EV sales are in the tank.  They are unaffordable to the masses in cost of purchase, repair and insurance - its not even reasonably close.
This is insane and these things are ment to be the future
This story gets worse as we learn more.
HAHAHAHA
Oh wow, for a road hazard impact, what a doozy!
I have a 2006 Dodge Ram Megacab 1500. I have kept it in mint condition and garaged it all of it's life. The engine finally gave out last month.  I just had a new 5.7 Liter Hemi v8 delivered to the shop. I paid just under $4,000 for it, delivered. I will pay another 2 grand for the mechanic to take out the old engine and put in the new one. $6,000 and I have a new engine with zero miles on it, and a 5 year unlimited mileage warrantee on a truck that, while 17 years old, is in brand new condition.  Oh, and I don't have to be out in public with people seeing me drive a Hyndai.
Outrageous quotes are used by dealers and garages to make you "go away".  The battery doesn't actually cost that much, the shop just didn't want to do the work.
Good video BUT, please pronounce HYUNDAI  correctly. You guys are saying "hon dai. It's  pronounced "hi un dai"
So wait, the quote was from a body shop and not the dealership????
ev buyers got scammed, green agenda is blowing up
Then, it's not designed properly.  Manufacturers fault. It's a car for God sakes it's not supposed to be a Tonka toy made from cheap plastics.
Honestly the damage looks like someone drove over a curb.. not “they hit something on the road” unless that something was a concrete block of some sort
NO SHlT SHORT SIGHTED LIBERAL.  This is why conservatives dont buy EVs.  We realize this shlt before we buy the car.  Liberals will buy the car and worry about it when they need to replace the battery
Unfortunately, all you got from Hyundai was lip service...
Hyundai of Canada and USA both officially said the prices were incorrect.
Total BS excuse, typical for a big corporation that doesn't fear litigation by a private citizen. Talk to a lawyer!   Now, I'm not sure about Canada but in the US, that type of damage would not fall under collision but rather, comprehensive. The "damage" (that wasn't battery damage, the cover did its job) could have and likely would have been caused by poor road conditions, maintenance and/or speed bumps that are too high for the speed limit etc. So long as the vehicle wasn't taken off road and/or not use as intended, which would be hard to prove, your rates should not be affective. (Now if you were to switch insurance companies, that might be a different story. A new policy provider might hold comprehension claims against you.)   Comprehensive claims, at least in the US should not result in a premium increase as they are not your fault.   What should happen IMO would be that the insurance company should pay for the repairs or cash out the totaled value to the claim holder then go after the manufacturer for reimbursement. I guarantee that the auto manufacturer's attitude would change when dealing with the insurance company that has the resources to pursue litigation.  Short story, a former Attorney of mine hit a pothole with his Audi. When driving over the pothole, his aluminum oil pan hit the pavement and cracked. As a result, unknown by him, all of his oil rapidly drained out and he blew his engine. His insurance policy paid for a new long block including labor etc out of his comprehension coverage.
Moral of the story: Don't but EVs, don't buy plug-ins. End of story. One day this would be a good technology, but this day is far in the future.
Oh, I can tell Kyle what to do.  Go buy a new car. Buy the new car right away, before the next step has time to affect his credit. New car in hand, tell the dealer to keep the old one and stop paying for it. No insurance claim., no mess. Drive the new car for 5 to 7 years. In 5 years, the "repo" will not hurt his credit much and in 7 years it completely falls off of his credit. By the time he needs a car again, it will be like it never happened.  Insurance company pays nothing. Dealership eats the loss entirely. Kyle goes on about his life, happy and unaffected.  THAT is what Kyle should do.  **Oh, and I left something out. What else should Kyle do? He should never buy an electric car again. The resaslwe/trade in value of them is garbage because sooner or later they DO need new batteries, even if they are not damaged in accidents. They are unsafe, as they tend to catch fire and those fires burn hotter than the melting point  of the concrete/asphalt they park on. The pollution they create is far worse than anything produced by internal combustion cars because a) the lithioum mining process is an environmental catastrophe and b) The electricity you need to charge them is produced by burning massive amounts of coal and fossil fuels.  So for ALL of these reasons...Kyle should stop harming the environment and putting hoimself in danger, and but a regular, internal combustion propelled car.
Screw EV’s😉
Trying to examine the battery for visible damage does not guarantee no internal damage. A car exploding with driver inside, other cars, drivers and pedestrians close by is more important than $60K. Euro 6 diesel with Ad-blue makes a better choice a long range car and a petrol 3 cylinder turbo Euro 6 car makes more sense as a car to drive locally...
😂 I didn't fall for it!!
Wow... No more  Hyundai for me. Thank you for the info,  I was going to buy a Hyunday for my daughter, back to research. 😢
Most people are idiots when it comes to EVs....many people have swallowed all the BS regarding evs....saving the planet....low carbon footprint...cheap to drive...great mileage per charge... ETC. Its mostly politics and nothing more.  It's old technology from the turn of the century...failed then.. will fail again...eva are not the future
I’d never buy a pos electric car. Mining the minerals for the batteries is way worse than extraction of fossil fuels. Liberal propaganda and brainwashed sjw’s are the reasons electric vehicles even exist
A very unique case which is not commonplace.  Even for the millions of Tesla's on the road globally!  The vast high majority of EV owners have no issues anything remotely like this story is discussing.  It's 100% true that consumers (unfortunately) need to take the lead on chasing OEMs HQs - regardless of who the OEM is.  Yes, one should not have to, however would you like to pay more for something when doing effort may avoid this?  That is the world we live in today folks, so just get with the program.  There is no way a battery pack should cost the same as the vehicle, that is simply insane and the biggest red flag in this story.  That should have triggered the owner to contact Hyundai HQ and get this investigated.    Most of this problem comes from dealers, who yes get training on the EV Systems for the vehicles they sell in order to support them, however have no where near the knowledge for more complex issues.  As was stated, the dealer should have performed a deeper diagnosis which they did not.    Can this be done?  Of course it can.  For example, I have friends in the UK who run an EV Battery fixing business.  They have the knowledge and tools to open up any pack, diagnose and fix it if it can be fixed saving owners thousands of dollars.  I am sure that the OEMs have this capability as well.  So one needs to push on the OEM to really take a good look at a problem first, before making any final decisions.    I understand that impacts can effect a battery pack, sometimes causing instability within a module, or cells which could be, and that is a small could be, at risk for eventual thermal runaway causing an explosion or fire.  So of course for legal and self-protection reasons, the dealer is going to say nope - it could blow and it's a write off so it's your responsibility, get an insurance salvage claim.  Without even more diagnosis, this seems very odd.  Then of course, ICBC doesn't not know who to react and when you need to get an insurer involved, which is always a bad idea, they will do their best to not pay out anything.  So no surprise that ICBC refuses the claim.  Again, that price is ridiculous and needs to be seriously chased down.   For folks watching this video, take note that this is not common place.  There are over 26 million consumer electric vehicles on the roads today globally (about 400,000 to 500,000 in Canada alone) and this kind of occurrence in this story is very rare.  So when I see many comments from people bashing EVs yet again and stating they are not worth getting, this is far from the actual reality and one should look at their needs case by case.  The outcome of OEMs taking charge of battery issues is what should be done, all the time.  Hard stop.  Remember, most of the OEMs employ Dealers, that represent their products and services.  These Dealers are not always the experts on these products and services and as such, owners need to take charge and work with the OEM directly when needed.
Price of battery is a reason why this cars will never resell after 5 or 6 year mark so they will end up at scrap or be selled at huge discount causing big loss for previous owner. So much about ecology, if you take mineing, production and disposing of batteries in account.
Electric vehicles have a place,  but people need to stop assuming they're doing something good for the environment.  When you look at the strip mining process, refinement, production, and shipping of the batteries, they're really not that "green." Literal tons of earth per battery ripped up and diesel tractors, trains and ships used to move the materials/batteries. That's not even considering situations like this and the limited options for recycling the vehicles. There are massive EV graveyards in China.
I can't believe they offered him a new car at a discount instead of a replacement. I certainly wouldn't ever consider a Hyundai after that experience (and I don't now either). Really bad handling of the situation regardless. If the cover doesn't seem to actually do anything, then what's the point?
World is not ready for EV yet. Government should regulate the battery cost if automaker is selling EVs. Automakers think that EVs are like smart phones and just replace it if damaged.
I guess I'm not buying EV any time soon
Seems it would be cheaper with all the 10 year olds working at the African mines to support battery production.
Growing up Hyundai and Kia were very crappy cars. I would never ever buy one. Why would you. If you’re going to go for Asian brands Honda and Toyota are the only options.
Electric cars!  Lol.   In 5 years hundreds of thousands will have to replace these batteries. Do yourself a favor.  Don’t buy electric!
Hyundai just saw dollar signs, and took this poor guy to the cleaners,  I hope this scam hurts them bifg time, I hate these greedy people.
This is an excellent video, I hope people will now see what rubbish these EV's really are. wake up people.
Why would anyone buy a Hyundai/Kia/Genesis to begin with?
So hit a little road debris car totaled  LOL> Yes I WANT one of those. !!!!!! More reasons NEVER an EV. So the car kept driving I would just keep driving it. BUY a new cover sell it in a year or two. BUT its NOW on record so maybe just keep driving it till its dead. Maybe by then aftermarket batteries will be on the market. But still NEVER an EV. A EV will NEVER save you a dime.
"He had a lot of trust in the dealership..."  Well, that was his first mistake. Car dealerships exist only to screw over customers.
As a Cert EV tech can tell you there is no damage to the battery its just the cover.. Its not rare its common among dealerships.. It would take 10 years to offset CO2 from the manufacture of the EV's. EV's are a scam
I was already skeptical about battery replacement because of every story like this.    I just had watched a video of someone that had a 2018 Infiniti hybrid that needed a battery replacement at 62,000 miles to the tune of $19,000 US.    I see no reasonable argument for buying an EV.
car owners are screwed over by EVs.  My friend has a bmw shop.  customer bought a used '12 bmw 7 series.  She needed a new hybrid battery.  Dealer told her $15k, my friend couldn't do any less, as the batteries were that expensive.  Second, third owners will be shocked when these cars go belly up.
Someone should have been sued, and they still should be.
I feel super bad for Kyle. He learned the hard way that Manufacturers, Dealers, but especially INSURANCE companies are scumbags that only answer to the bottom line. Kyle SHOULD have sold the car after getting the repair quote and the voided warranty. Even if he sold it for half of $60,000 he would have been paying LESS money in the long run because he didn't make the insurance claim that totaled his car. DON'T. MAKE. INSURANCE. CLAIMS. unless you absolutely have to!
Love how Huyande gave a pile of word vomit about the situation, as soon as they found out the issue was going public.
Ludicrous.  No Hydundai.  EV battery replacement is highway robbery.  Gas engines not much better, recalls to their vehicles and sister co mpany Kia that can catch fire for some reason.  Worse car company on the planet.  This confirms it!
Mining the components for that battery does more damage to the environment than burning coal, they use slave labor to get it, AND you can't charge them in the cold.
Car companies are intentionally modeling cars to be just like cell phones. Full of non user serviceable parts and they want you  to replace the entire device every few years. They couldn't care less about their customers or the environment.
The battery protection cover by nature, is there to take any impact so the battery doesn't. That is its sole purpose.  Needing to replace the cover is understandable. Needing to replace the battery indicates the protection cover did not do its job, or the battery itself is faulty. Either way, that is a failure with parts, and should not be passed onto the driver.
Were there any functional issues with this battery?
If they can sell the whole car for +/- 60k......how in the hell is does the battery alone equal the cost of the whole car..?   This is a straight ripoff.
I’ll stick with my Honda CRV and will drive my gasoline car as long as I could thank you very much. I’ve never interested in buying Korean vehicles, they’re shit car! 🙊
All the same criminals, dealerships and ICBC. Consumer always bends over.
Dealer cost, aftermarket independent seller would be way cheaper
It's called consumer research. Do your research about what you buy instead of blindly believing everything the government and media tells you. 🤦‍♂️
I'm an EV owner for 6 months and I'm not liking the experience. I thought I could save more money from switching but not. It's an expensive mess. Not to mention the charging problems, insanely high electric bills and range anxiety. I'm switching back to petrol or diesel in the next few weeks before they stop ICE production next year.
Pay now or pay later that's the difference between gas and electric vehicles, and what a bunch of crooks these insurance companies are, and what's the name of the dealership? They need to be exposed.
Let’s face it. The main problem here is the price of that battery! The fact they are so fast to void the battery warranty by having a scratch on the cover tells me they don’t want to replace those expensive batteries either.
Consumers just need a short answer from Hyundai Canada what a new battery really costs.           Give us a number.  Simple.
Stealership at work and techs that don't give a shit. A scratch on a battery cover? Just keep on driving it, you will be fine!!!
If you look at the table, in moving from column 1 to 2, the labour  number decimal stayed the same  spot while on the part the decimal point was shifted to the right by 1 place thereby computing the part # by 10 fold
And Government of Canada is introducing legislation to force only EVs on consumers by 2035. Sticking to my gas engine for as long as I can.
The best solution would be to have a good independent repair shop perfectly repair the battery cover - so that on close inspection it never even happened. The battery would still be covered by warranty. Then, enjoy your completely repaired car.
Ridiculous that the dealership gets to make the decision to begin with. Of course its in their interest to have it written off. The insurance company would then buy the new replacement vehicle from them. Anyone heard of conflict of interest?
Hyundai in general gets poor marks for reliability so I would not get one anyway. As for electric cars they are simply toys for rich folks and the worst vehicle I could ever imagine buying. This is just another in a very long line of youtube electric car horror stories. They are far from ready for prime time.
Thats what you get buying a over priced poorly engineered Hyundai. None of their cars are any good. Lots of tech lots of hype all junk
This is so wrong and this needs to be transparent to the public. The cost is so enormous that it could be life changing financially for many people.
That new EV now sitting in a junkyard is very earth friendly 👌🏼
Vehicle and insurance and repair shop/dealership scams nothing new here.
So you pay insurance to be covered incase anything happens and they punish people for any claims. Time for the axe and pitch forks to come out.
If I buy the Ionic, how do I even sell the car 5 years later? How do I guarantee the next owner that the battery is still good? That would be like selling someone a car with a blown engine, and such a scenario would make the seller subject to a lawsuit.
Strange that these three people (in the video) never thought to question how a company makes money on a vehicle in which the battery costs more than what they sell the car for. I get that the repair is not 'directly' coming from Hyundai, but that would mean that there is no possibility for a battery replacement business to exist in the after market. How much are they actually paying for the battery and is the 60k price meant to drive business away because THEY don't want to take on the  liability of whatever happens to the battery next. You know, those pesky explosions we keep hearing about. And hey, it's great business for the insurance companies when one is forced to go to them and they give you a fraction of what the car is worth and then get to recoup the rest (and probably more) for the next ten years. What a scam.
Buy electric, save the world.....Lies for ignorant people.
Opponents of EV's have been shouting this since battery powered EV's inception.  You couldn't pay me to take one of these things.
Bottom-Line, simply-put, people do not like unsolvable engineering problems. The battery can catch fire if bumped by a road hazard? This sounds like the public relations nightmare that plagued Ford in the 70s when the automatic transmissions, unexpectedly, jumped out of park if parked on a hill. A potential saftey hazzard just waiting to happen. Ford did not have the resources back then to fix the transmissions, so, instead, they mailed owners a sticker to place on the dashboard urging the driver to engage the parking brake all the time. This caused the consumers to avoid buying Fords, which is probably why GM outsold Ford during the late 70s. If people think twice about buying this electric car, it can quickly become a Ford Edsel overnight. To restate history, that was the car the Ford could not sell at any price when it hit the showrooms.
Another reason why I would never purchase an EV! “ALL” car companies want is that all mighty $$$,$$$,$$$,$$$! 😡😡😡
This is utterly fake news. The battery pack in an Ioniq 5 can be replaced for 12000 American dollars. In addition, the battery pack is warranted for 10 years or 100K miles. So you have a ten year old car? And you can't find a battery pack for less than 60K dollars Canadian? I call bullshit.
In summary, avoid Hyundai EV!!
Carbon footprint = brainless moron repeating government propaganda.
Who is going to buy a Hyundai EV after hearing this story.
Dealer wanted the money, ICBC doesn't care.  nobody wants the liability of a fire so it is written off.  Do you guys want to sign off on that car?  nobody does. Battery should cost about 10 - 20k but that's Hyundai's problem. You have to ship that battery which is basically a bomb. much safer (and less liability) just to write it off.
Yes, every old EV that needs a battery replacement is more or less worthless
Payday. Take the check from the insurance company and buy the vehicle back for $1,000!
Ev was and stillbis a scam for gullabe normies
Imagine not knowing EVs were a joke.
One of the many reasons EVs are not the future
This is bad images for EV buyers. Over price battery 100% should cost around $8 - 10000 not more.😢
This is BS… stop spreading these fringe bs cases. It’s obviously a scam. Your click bait title is not helping electrification. 👎👎👎
Hahahha 😂
Look at the invoice again, carefully. There is a typo and inexplicable 5 in front adding exactly 50000 to the bill. The part price is  6649.98 and is 1 of. This is a massive mistake.
My friends nissan leaf battery replacement cost was $13,000. Battery life also goes down every year and what is going to happen to all of these used batteries? What is the impact on earth? I am not getting a battery powered vehicle anytime soon. Love my 24 Palisade calligraphy and my 22 2ss 1le manual v8 camaro😁
This is ALL because these manufacturers KNOW that this technology is NOT safe,  these batteries are blowing up all over the world and not because they’ve been scratched because they are UNSTABLE-hence any problem or bump—LIABILITY REPLACE IT!  EVs are the biggest Scam ever dropped on the auto industry!
I love that you are covering something like this and that you are going to follow up on the developments.
It's every simple don't buy an EV than you don't have these problems .
EV's the whole thing is a scam...
The EV all in general sucks with all do respect I have driven every model and they are no good specially when it gets cold and losing about 40 to 50 miles when turning the heater plus the infrastructure sucks just saying
Just another reason to not buy Korean junk! 😜💩
And this is why I will never "buy"  or "own" an EV !!!  I just LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, my gas-guzzling,  fossil-fuel-burning  Toyota Rav-4!!!   If I had to get a "new" battery for this car,.......AT LEAST I COULD AFFORD TO DO SO!!!   But a "replacement" for me, would at least be cost effective!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is how Biden and “environmentalists” are scheming to bankrupt the people.
And I forgot to mention the depreciation, which is double the rate of a petrol car. People with a six or seven year old EV can’t sell them.
Let's go back to diesel😊
Should have just bought a Tesla
And then there is the open cast mining, child labour, slave labour, the fact that it takes seven years of use to get equal CO2 with a standard petrol car and the fire risk. Just Google cooks beach NZ to see the inferno. Electric cars are a massive green con job.
Just do what Nio does, problem solved, along with many other problems. Tesla has received massive subsidies in 2012, and even designed a battery swap system, but never bothered to implement it (as with so many ideas) when EV's wanna have a fighting chance in the future, then swappable batteries are inevitable. Driving around all the time with 600% of the needed capacity is a tremendous waste. Just design a floor plate, where a chosen number of standardised cells can be placed, like six for a normal vehicle. Then when one cell is generally sufficient for your daily commute you are already saving on raw materials several times over. And when you do need the occasional longer range, then take the full six. Swaps cost little more than 5 minutes, comparable to filling gas. I know suspension needs to be based on air this way, to be able to compensate for the additional weight, but you can overcome these little hurdles easily.
I have owned two Chrysler vehicles. First and last. I had an oil consumption problem that they denied until the car was out of warranty. I contacted the company not just the dealer.  When you consider the environmental impact of battery manufacturing, there are other problems. EVs are not as environmentally friendly as people imagine.
Reworded from Netflix: leave the world behind. "An agreed-upon mass delusion to help us ignore and keep ignoring how awful "EV" really are." They barely improve anything and aren't that great for the planet either!!
Honestly if your spending 50k on a Hyundai your probably not the brightest bulb in the box..
So now they're selling disposable cars
Sounds like a dealer scam working along with the insurance company. They are definitely going to pull the battery and put it in another one
Look at the invoice price
Dealerships are SHEISTERS - they are MIDDLEMEN - meaning you get the MIDDLE FINGER 💯 of time
INADEQUATE and UNPROFESSIONAL RISK ASSESSMENT BY MANUFACTURERS AND INSURERS!  So, multiply this by thousands for normal driving conditions in at least the US to see how much a pure EV is going to cost insurance companies for damage that has not had an adequate Risk Analysis by the actuaries and the like.   Time to start charging EVs for their ACTUAL COST.
This is the second story with Hyundai and a new vehicle under warranty. It just happened here in the USA. Nothing was done until the story made national news. The other issue that wasnt discussed was DEALERSHIP MARKUPS. He is absolutely correct...60K will open you up to Luxury models and other cars thatay not be 100 EV, but will be efficient. 60K for Hyundai blows my mind.
You guys hit the jackpot with this video. It will pay for the new GTI. 😊 Unfortunately, it will also hurt the adoption of EV sales as it plays into the battery replacement fears that people have.
It appears that by the time the vehicle needs a battery, it costs more than what the car is worth. If you do decide to replace it, there goes your gasoline fuel savings down the toilet. If you decide to get rid of it, there goes the "environment / emissions and carbon footprint". My opinion, don't listen to the politicians propaganda and buy a vehicle with an engine only instead. Covid 19 and Countries being broke, proves that politicians can't do anything right but cost you more money.
Mistake number 1: buying a Hyundai Mistake number 2: buying an EV Mistake number 3:  thinking you are actually going to save the planet this way.   People should not believe EV is a viable technology for another 20 years.
These and other stories will turn people away from EVs.  Hopefully this will happen in time to keep gas powered cars under construction, the left wants to take away your car completely and are attempting to do this by making cars out of reach for your average person.
His first mistake was buying a fucking EV in the first place. You'd have to be a retard to waste money on one of those. There's not a SINGLE benefit of owning one....these things have shit range, expensive, are WORSE for the environment and use far more energy than a gas motor, degrade quickly, catch fire easily and cannot be put out, if you get stuck in cold weather you have zero chance to stay warm more than a few hours, limited ability to charge, put an incredible burden on the power grid, batteries are insanely toxic and can't be just thrown away, lithium mining is HORRIBLE for the environment and destroys insane amounts of land through toxic production and byproducts, cold environments that salt the roads or by the ocean run a high risk of corrosion and fire, if the battery is punctured in a crash it will burst into flames and produce deadly smoke. They are a joke and if you think for one second you're protecting the environment by buying one then YOU are the problem.....educate yourselves people and stay the hell away from EVs.
This means never buy a Hyundai EV
Screw Hyundai completely. Go Toyota or Honda Hybrids. You will be far happier and the cost is so much less.
The invoice states $6649.98 for the battery at 1 item.
Stop buying electric cars, they are trash.
Here’s the thing it’s supposed to be environmentally safe when there’s no place to take these batteries after they’re not used anymore they don’t biodegrade so we’re going to have another pile of junk batteries that don’t biodegrade and they also explode if they’re around salt water there’s so much about these cars that is not beendocumented it’s just another ploy for the corporations to make more money from the people and not have anyone backing us up🎉
This doesn’t make sense. To Replace a Tesla EV battery you’re looking at $16 to $21 thousand dollars to replace it.   In my Toyota 16 Camry Hybrid Le.  I am looking at around $2,000 dollars to replace it with a new one minus labor cost.   Stay the hell away from Hyundai EV’s.   Toyota Hybrids have been around for over 20 years and the hybrid systems are pretty much bulletproof.   Hyundai’s are crap 💩.
EV=DV (disposable vehicle).  This was evident years ago when I first heard it would cost 4000 USD to replace a battery in a Prius.  Things have only gotten worse.
That's it, nail in the coffin. I will never buy an EV.
ICE ICE BABY!!!
Lol write off a car for a little scratch. What a useless vehicle.
Oh Canada
Lesson learned, ‘Do not buy an EV.’
I bought a used Nissan Leaf and the replacement cost was more than what the car is worth
98% of all dealerships are rip-offs that goes for Canada and the United States all they care about is taking your money
I will not buy an EV for the next ten years. I'll wait for this nonsense to get resolved.
Mechanics are thieves, they are my pet peeve for sure. Mechanics are the only breed that I hate from the heart. After seeing this video, I changed my mind about replacing my hybrid iONIQ with and iONIQ6.
Sad to say this is normal. In Norway 80% new cars are EVs. And damage to battery it stupidly means the car get scrapt. This is gonna be a big problem in the future. And the car company's and insurance will not let you replace it with a used battery.
If the Canadian dollar is worth $0.75 U.S., we have: $45,000 USD for $60000 CAD.
Cars depreciate so when the cost to repair them is more than cars value there totaled. But in the case of this video as an ASE certified mechanic I'd advise everyone to stay with a gas engine till manufacturers get the cost of EV's reasonable every item on them has a ridiculous price to part at this moment. I've seen many customers already go back to the gas engine due to ev repair prices. In my opinion ev's are a scam the electricity they run on still needs a carbon footprint to even make electricity
EV is the worst vehicle to buy and much, much worse for the environment then an internal combustion engine. I DON'T UNDERSTAND HOW PEOPLE DON'T SEE THAT????? The amount of extra mining needed (many miners in third world countrues dying on a daily basis) for the lithium required. Where do the garbage batteries go after??? Common people, wake up
Thanks for bringing this story to light...very eye opening!  Also, remember if you are buying an EV for the environment, the electricity used to charge these vehicles are still derived from mostly fossil fuels!!  Insurance process and decisions have to change for this to be sustainable.  Buyer Beware as always!!!
Did the damage actually effect the battery? If not leave it alone….
This is a nightmare dealership story. NOT a hyundai corporate issue.
El auto eléctrico es hasta ahora una estafa porque no están totalmente desarrollados.
You will own nothing and better be happy about it. And don't you dare to mention right to repair
My Nimh battery in my Honda Civic was replaced once and it has 265k miles on it. It was 2500$. The car is a 2000.
Write it off. Buy it back. Carry on.
Would love to know the margin Hyundai and the dealer are taking on this pack.  Likely cost about $15k, Hyundai charging dealer $30K and dealer doubling to $60K to screw customer or insurance Co.
No thanks.
Hyundai=clowns.
The company I work for has been trying to replace the batteries for the fork lifts they use. The cost per battery is spot on and has been for a few years. Plus it takes about 9 months to get one. The batteries we use are about the same as car batteries.
So many reasons why not to buy  a EV. I myself will never buy one
Scotty Kilmer is right!  Electric cars are a scam.
Your first mistake was buying a hyundai let alone electric lol
Dear Hyundai, I was able to resolve the issue by purchasing a new Toyota for 36,000.00.
The best advice, just don't but EVs, it might be cheaper than ICE or oil changes and etc... but battery related issues are way more expensive than ICE car services
Your local Deceivership.
Another throw away product created by greedy corporations to rip off the public and ruin our planet!! Wake up America!!
I feel the whole car industry is messed up and should be boycotted !
Sounds like he got scammed
how is the just eh battery of the car cost more then the battery+the rest of the car
If battery is not damage, why not just carry on driving !!!
Easy solution is to trade back to a gas powered car.
So much for being environmentally conscious huh? This is insanity at its finest.
Just say NO to expensive junk
I won't be buying a Hyundai ant time soon. LOL
EVs are still seen as clean, renewable energy? 🤣🤣🤣
as low mileage driver,  I brought a toyato  coralo hybrid   believing I was saving money, initially I did, yet after 3 years and shy of 14k miles, I was told that I need to drive my car more, at least 20+ miles a day to keep it fully charge...doing due diligence and  a lot of researching and asking a lot of different Mechanics that work on hybrids, I decided to trade in  my Hybrid. I brought a Nissan Versa SR, wanted Chevy Spark  --they stop making them, shrug---now that I'm seeing more  video and tic toc and fb stories aka shock compliments about the cost of replacing and fixing hybrids and EVs...Yes I am glad I switched....
I went through something similar.   I owned a 2017 Qx70s Infinity.   I lent it to a friend.  He literally got sides wiped by a dear.  It deployed all of the side airbags and dented the door.  The dealership quoted 30,000 usd to fix it.  Geico totaled our car.  I was so upset.  When I enquired how this possible.   They gave me a parts breakdown.   The doors were almost 3,000 usd each.  The door liners were over 600 usd each.  Trim, 500 usd each.  Get this.  The seat was over 4,500 usd.  We haven't even gotten into the airbags and electronics.   This is our 3rd Infinity.   We own a 2009 Qx56.  Also, I just bought a 2022 Qx80.  We will never buy another.  I do not believe I will buy any luxury vehicles.  It is obsurd that parts cost more than the car is worth.  Things have truly turned upside down for the consumers. 😢
Just with this and other ev stories I will never buy an ev car or truck
This guy got scammed by a scammers market and product.
By looking at this person they are also taking advantage of his youth Would they pull this with an older person?
If this amount of damage is enough to total a car, it’s time for a lawsuit over the pathetically inadequate design, that is nowhere near fit for the purpose for which it was sold.
EVs are bad news.  End of the story.
$250K for the LaFerrari battery
I can see that what would be really beneficial to the market would be standardized modular battery packs for most electric vehicles. This would reduce costs and help reduce the fallout of of incidents like this.
Literally why you would not buy one of these cars. Period. I am, right now, looking to buy a car. I work in IT and am into tech.. but for these reason I don't even consider an EV as a possibility. I don't have enough money to deal with this industry figuring it self out. How dumb is Hyundai.. they are just now figuring out they need some kind of reasonable battery replacement policy? They are just now figuring this out? What does that mean about the rest of the company and car they produce.  And look what Hyundai actually did after they knew about it. They offered him a DISCOUNT on a new Hyundai? A DISCOUNT after they ruined his insurance and put him through all of this? Bravo.. well done.
Is this a typo? It says the net cost of the battery is 6649.98$ and then somehow the total amount jumps to 56, 649.98$ Looks to me like they accidentally added a 5 to the beginning of the price… The labour charge was consistent, listed, netted and totalled at 1599.50$. The tax doesn’t make any sense either… and why only gst? Not hst, and if we’re splitting the tax again - why no pst? That amount of tax showing would be approx 5% of only the 56600$ battery cost…. Im not able to make sense of this? And how would any lithium battery pack cost that much? A typical new extended range battery pack is approx 25000$ depending on the make. If it were damaged, which i doubt, but if it were and this was the quote id go elsewhere obviously and if i couldn’t find anything competitive id elect for a battery cell rebuild. More than likely its only a few damaged cells so it would be easy to take it apart and just solder in a few new cells… probably cost 500$ for an experienced tech to do.
I will not buy an ELECTRIC VEHICLE.
Why didn’t you report there was a 15mm dent in the actual battery structural case and an internal battery coolant  leak within the customers battery that indicated the battery was truly compromised and required replacement. You missed these very important details and  facts about this case.
My daughter had the same thing happen to her with their 2018 Toyota RAV4 Hybrid.  The only part on the vehicle that's not covered by Toyota's warranty is the Brake Boost / Master Cylinder which failed while they were within year 4 of the lease and warranty, and this is seriously dangerous. You cannot stop the vehicle and you limp to the side of the road if you're lucky. When this fails, the vehicle can't be driven and must be towed to a Toyota dealer. Tow truck operators dislike this when it happens because the vehicle can not be placed in neutral and pushed. Their RAV4 had less than 60k kms when this happened! What about Toyota's legendary quality? The part is $3,500 and requires 19 hours of labor! And the work has to be done by a level A mechanic with knowledge and experience which many do not have to change this part. The reason: the battery pack needs to be removed in order to get to replace the part. Toyota gave them a $3k discount and it took from when it died in April, luckily in their driveway, until mid July to repair.  In the mean time they were never given a vehicle while waiting.  After they received the RAV4 back, it failed again and they had to have it towed back. It took another month and the dealer found out that the mechanic had not put the high tension wires back properly and had damaged one of the wires. Again no vehicle loaner. After they got the RAV4 Hybrid back it failed again less than a week later! This time it was the 12 volt battery control module and 12 volt battery.  My guess is that when the initial repairs were done improperly,  the whole system got shorted out. They had it towed again, this time it died at an intersection. This time the dealership is not taking responsibility.  They're taking Toyota to small claims court for the cost of the first repairs. Toyota did a recall for 2019 and up for this part however not their model year. The RAV4 Hybrid is still not fixed 9 months later and my daughter is still making her monthly lease payments! The repairs are listed on CarFax. They wanted to buy out the vehicle from the lease however now they lost confidence in it. No one will buy this vehicle knowing the Carfax history too. Its now in the hands of a lawyer.
That's why Evs are 👎
ing happened to us $30000 to replace battery. insurance totalled the car with 6000 miles a 2022 ioniq 5
battery packs are very prone to damage by impacts major or minor thats why insurance companies are writing-off minor mishaps because of liability.....there  could be no sign of problem on the outside but its hard to tell without prying open the "pack" which is NOT done as it is costly , voids warranty, destroys the sealing/waterproofing therefore it is not done....and when you open the pack there is no way to tell internal damage to each "individual cells".     I have owned many electric/lithium powered products cordless tools, lawnmower, shavers, etc and there is only ONE PROBLEM the battery.....if only 1 "one" cell in a pack goes bad the whole battery[pack] is useless.  Now there are thousands of cell in series in an automoble battery pack what happens on impact?....welll never know ....sure there are diagnostics but if one or 2 or 3 cell went bad how would you replace it ?   IMPOSSIBLE....the whole pack is a dud....what if after the impact it causes a short and burst into flames ?  yup.....scrap the car junk the car write it off its a potential lawsuit if someone gets hurt later.....this is the "hard truth"....the major problem with electric cars is .....want to guess ?   THE BATTERY[its always been the case since the early 1900 electric cars]..
This is why no one should purches any ev. this is new and problematic. ev vehicles are actually worse for the environment and our power grid
Nio battery swap or something comparable... problem solved.  This is oil cartel propaganda 🤡
The electric car industry is a joke I mean they don't even have the infrastructure out there idiots
Electric cars are not fit for purpose junk 😂
I bet you any money you also took that deadly experimental product like a guinea pig
LOL you idiots that purchased these electric cars 🤡🤡🤡🤡
Just another fun derivative of subsidization
Quality Investigative Journalism work right here! Great job guys
So glad I stuck with my old Cummins powered truck and didn't go down the road of an EV, which I nearly did!
So if a new battery is needed, then the car is essentially a total loss.
I would take the insurance money and buy A REAL car!
I purchased a 23 Hyundai fossil fuel vehicle and glad I did. There is a big disconnect between the dealers and Hyundai's customers.  As it was I lost the use of the car for a month because it failed requiring a part that was on order.
Yeh? How loing did it take you to find a battery that cost that much?
Thanks for the coverage on this. There is no way I would buy one of these vehicles!
This does not compute. I looked up the cost of the EV battery replacement for a Hyundai ioniq 5, (evchargepedia) and it's listed as $6, 000 NOT $60,000. Did someone make a decimal place error here? This is laughable if it's true.
Maybe the dealership is crooked and they are going to sell the damaged car
I just looked up the part # 37501-GI351on a US Hyundai website and it shows a price of $30,582.03 so who is kidding who?
💩
Thanks for making this video. This is so educational to learn from an EV story.  We should all think twice before buying EV cars.
Damn I was actually just about to buy one but after hearing this I’m not touching it with a ten foot pole. In fact I don’t think I’m going to ever get a Hyundai.
Not buying a Hyundai anymore. Fuck that!
Beware of the GREAT AMERICIAN BUISNESS MODEL.
This has been an issue for cars with batteries fixed to the chassis. Tes would need 20K USD to replace battery. This is one of the reason that makes battery swap more viable, life time cost is lower.
You guys should stop buying EV's. This is ridiculous. In the end customers will suffer. Keep ICE forever until fuel is drained.
I think I'll stick with petrol for a while.
And to think the gov't is mandating EVs as the Canadian consumer's only choice 11 years from now. I doubt these vehicles, and their batteries, will be much cheaper/better in 2035. Regular people will be priced out of car ownership/driving. It's outrageous.
"space between the hole" lol sounds like someone was just joking at first then turned into a snowflake Tesla mechanic
A result of paper pushing suits quoting regulations and no human beings being involved.
Insanity. Hyundai starting to sound like Tesla Service
This is also super messed up with the insurance. They’ve seen this nominal impact damage; further not cause by at fault action/liability. I’d consider a lawyer to address this unfair designation as a bad driver over small scuffs.  Insurance should alternately adjust their premiums according to vehicle cost risks.
Good on you two to cover this. As we all know it won't win you any friends in the "business". This needs to go viral. These cars are disposable, have zero resale value after seven years, and are being sold under the true cost because of Government subsidies. People, there is nothing GREEN about these disposable vehicles built from child slave labor. Give it up, these appliances will not save the environment.
Dealer/Body shop trying to rip him off. Retail discounted price of that battery is 33k new and there are probably used available on Copart for 1/2 that but unless there is some drivability issue suggesting the battery is bad then I would first go to another dealer and have them pull the cover to inspect it. If it's just the cover then replace the cover and move on. Should be a shop repair anyway if there was not body damage. And by the way that should be comprehensive damage and should not affect a drivers record unless Canadian insurance is designed to rip off the consumer even more. Really dumb story but hey...it grabbed views.
You guys made me stop from looking into ev from them thankyou so much. Loved your channel
When will buyers learn? There is no advantage buying an EV
These guys and that guy coming in video should be sued.
Currently have an EV because I get free charging at home but as soon as I move or free becomes payed I'm done with EV's. I hope people realise that this isn't the future and also hope that Kyle's next car won't be another useless EV
This is why, you stick to ICE.  My 21 year old Acura had zero repairs until 180,000km and since then has had $15,000 of repairs up to 360,000km. Most of which have come after 300,000km of city (Toronto) driving.  About 1/3rd of my repairs are rust/age related, how will EV's handle that?  Yes gas over 20 years has averaged $60,000 but that's spread over 20 years. If you return 5% on $60,000 then you're better off investing it and basically having free gas money. Index funds return 7-10% so EV's just don't make sense financially.
5 was added extra to the original bill. They changed 6649.98 in to 56649.98 by adding 5 in the invoice.  This people misleading others to make money by more viewers.
What these fuc***s don't understand is if that car explodes it is a bigger problem for the brand and a huge law suit.
The owner had the right suggestion.  Before you buy an EV, consider the cost of repair if something major as the battery fails and is out of warranty.  Battery for that vehicle is $37,655.18 here in USA from the dealer.
So basically this car is disposable when the battery is done😢
What about the warranty?
There is Something wrong with the genuinty of this video. In the invoice, it shows 6648.98 fot part. Is it edited to damage that business.  Looks like a manipulated video.
This is BS.. I really was going to get this car on January but F that now
What a scam. I fix batteries. This is not accurate. Stay away from evs . Cheers
And this is one reason you dont jump on the electric band wagon! Gas cars and trucks work just fine. If youre worried about the environment quit using as much plastics that end up in the oceans!
These ridiculous battery replacement cost stories are the reason why independent EV repair shops are needed.  The fact that the dealer was unwilling to remove the battery cover to inspect the pack itself for damage is rather ridiculous and utter laziness on their part.  This has cost the owner dearly for the next 10 years on his insurance cost, and has soured the likelihood that he will by another EV or Hyundai product.
Buy EV whose battery replacement exceeds the cars value at one year. What could possibly go wrong?
Happy to buy that totalled car from him. Lol  What a joke
Hyundai is such a scam?
Electric vehicles are not the answer, not only is the battery costly but cause all kinds of pollution to manufacture and even more to dispose of
I'm looking at the almost 20 year old car here - that was bought 2nd hand for pennies. We literally withdraw cash at the nearby ATM in order to buy it on the spot; it was not regarded as a big deal at all. It barely uses fuel. The heating and aircon still works great. I have no idea why anyone wants to spend any significant amount of money on any kind of car.
Next time dint take car into dealer when the car isnt broke.  Dealers make money servicing cars. They are always gomma sell you overpriced work.
This man got scammed.
I wonder if the recycling cost of the battery is greater than the value of the goodies inside of it.
This is planned obsolescence.  Anything with a battery is designed to be replaced rather than fixed.  Talk about environmentally friendly hey guys!  Most of the environmental cost of owning a car is in the manufacturing process.  It dwarfs the cost of running the vehicle.
Oh no, Hyundai back to their crappy reliability issues of old, who would have thunk it!
That's why you need Nio cars in North America. Fully swappable and chargeable car.
I understand people should buy a Hyundai EV
i will never buy an electric car  ever again.  Gas till i die.  My eletric cost was such a small savings it never justified all the hassles of owning an eletric car
Kia and Hyundai service, corporate are the WORST in the industry. Do not even trust either to even change your oil. I have endless examples of brand new Kia-Hyundai vehicles with issues corporate head office does NOTHING. They’re making nice cars now but their culture of selling shit cars for twenty years needs to change.  I had a 2023 Kia ev6 gt in which the outer calipers were contacting the inner wheels which is catastrophic. Kia sent regional field engineer to dealer confined problem and their answer to me was keep driving it and in a year maybe new front calipers will be available. I traded that shit box in same day.
😂😂😂😂 Some of us engineering realists have been telling people for years NOT to buy EV’s ….. maybe this kind of financial pain will open some eyes ….. MAYBE !
Ha ha.every privlaged corporate funded college graduate has a youtube chanel.Yet finance ,basic math ,material science,and economics we're missed.The list goes on.Duh.I know most folks arent going to make narcistic posts about thier consumer guarantees and insuance rates. Would rather come together and overcome the criminal corporate  Oligarchy that has been ripping off the whole world since the battle of Waterloo.Duh.Impacted probably means an impact wrench had been used.Somebody is not being honest.
They work out a deal to Shut you up.That is It.
They're misled on the environment with EV to manufacture a battery it will take them to drive that vehicle 70,000 Mi before it equals out in the environment
Not gonna save the monopoly.  It’s over, solid state batteries will be on the market in 2024-2025.  That’s 700-800 mile range.  All that corner real-estate available!
Another black mark on Hyundai and Kia. It's bad enough that their cars are the easiest to steal, now their EV's cost more to repair than buying a new one.
E vehicles do not last 100K miles like some expect. You’ll be replacing the battery at 50K and spending in excess of $20K to do it.  As lithium becomes scarcer, the battery will get more expensive. This is why E vehicles are not moving off the dealer’s lots.
Someone should see what a repair shop in Mexico would charge
What a waste 👎…. This new ev market is creating more waste than solutions. I can’t even imagine 5-7 years later the amount of junk that’s going to be this ev cars with batteries that will cost more than the 5-7 year old car… plus all the batteries 🪫 waste…😮
Electric is not the solution. It’s far too late. We’re living on a planet that can sustain 1.5 to 2 billion people. The current population is 8 billion people. Solar, wind and E vehicles are not efficient or sustainable. There’s a massive die-off coming and it’s coming soon.
The first mistake electric vehicle owners make is buy an electric vehicle.
😂😂😂 all I can do is laugh😅 what a joke, why are people purchasing these EVs ....obviously they don't follow consumer reports.
I think the lesson here is not to buy an EV or a Hybrid vehicle. Not worth the trouble or the cost. Also, it takes an EV 150k to 170k miles before it is carbon neutral, you need to figure the pollution generated extracting and processing the materials necessary for the battery and motor.
Thank you for this story! I was planning on buying a Ionic 5N this spring, but you saved me from that mistake.
Thanks for confirming again why I don’t want an EV
Combustion engines still the option.
I refuse to buy these vehicles until a reasonable repair process is in place. Environmental protection agencies should sue these car companies because writing off an entire vehicle for a scratch is an abomination from an environmental standpoint. Imagine all the ewaste that would accumulate from electric vehicles alone. This is unacceptable and needs to be addressed, until then I will boycott EVs.
Hello, thank you for sharing your story, i will certainly not get a car like this. Dealerships care NOTHING. a scratch hahaha...
If there were no problems when they originally took it I'd just say nevermind and not call my insurance.
It is basically saying if the protection plate is scratched, the vehicle warranty is voided, and you are liable for all the damage of the vehicle  and personal injury. Nice.
Korea makes junk,my 4 year old LG fridge just dead.
EVs are crap. Sure they are fast and trendy but there are so many downsides it is just not worth it. Not even a little. If you buy one you are begging for this to happen.   Go park that thing and drop your nasty battery in a greeny’s front yard. They will love it as its guts seep out and leach into their soil.
He should have consulted a lawyer from the start!!  Time to hire a lawyer and file a lawsuit against the dealer and Hyundai Canada!!!
$60K for a battery replacement? I would never buy one of these cars.
It would seem to me that if the powers that be want to push EV ownership onto every American driver, efforts would be made to make it more practical, more affordable. The price of a replacement battery costing more than the original cost of the car reminds of buying a computer printer very inexpensively, they "get you" in the cost of ink cartridges!
Meant to help with the environment yet their construction and issues over battery damage/replacement make them utterly disposable, this is absurd.  How can a single part cost as much as the car?  Parts prices are a scam.  Add to that the cover looks barely marked really, I'd be surprised if it hadn't shipped with that larger gap to begin with, you see high end makes with misaligned panel gaps, even a small amount of flex on a panel that large will make the hole gap bigger.  Whole situation is bad.
The elephant in the room would be the protection cover was not removed to actually access for a diagnosis of damage to the battery structure! That's totally unacceptable!   Writing something off without removing a bolt just on visual on something like this, does really show the world's gone mad!  Ya, it looks scratched, let's write it off! What a crock of shit that is! I'd be thinking a lawyer would be needed in this case, as the protective layer is not designed sufficiently to do its job, protect!   I feel sorry for this young man and the unfortunate situation he has been put in! This obviously shows all the flaws of every institute involved or connected to this matter.   Shame on them.
Idiots buy EV !
Guy was an idiot to buy an EV
I will hold on my Gas vehicle as long as I could. Maintenance is not ridiculous, but $60K to replace a battery, you have to be kidding me. The battery for EV cars is the heart of these cars. I blame people in part for not investigating, yes it a big hype, it sounds good, but this is bad.
This is outrageous! How is this good for the environment?
And the hilarious part is that the elitist think eveyone is going to be able to afford and drive an EV.  Your POS EV's battery is made from kobalt and that is a finite resource that is mined by slaves in africa at gun point.  And, it needs to receive a charge from a coal powered electrical grid.  You are not saving s*** and you have been scammed into a grift by the world economic forum and auto manufacturers.  I cant wait to watch this clown world non sense collapse in on itself.
This is pure fraud from the dealership. The price they have put on the battery is a new car, likely because they cant access a spare battery. However the true cost of the battery would be somewhere around $10-15k plus extras.  And as the official response states, they don't have an actual price structure as they don't have spare parts.  Also in the near future it will become cheaper to replace a battery, due to changes in European law. But we are still awaiting production to keep up
Bye Ev!
Lease one of if you want one. Trouble then walk away
A small nudge could damage the "battery cover" & impacted the battery which could cause fire, which eventually needed to salvage the vehicle. Should we question about the craftsmanship of Hyundai & rethink the whole idea of EV?
Don't know what people think when buying such junk-i'd have an Audi s4 tdi
EVs SUCK and you'd have to be a FOOL to buy one!
The manufacture of EVs is incredibly damaging to the global environment, and it doesn't help that fossil fuels are often used to generate the electricity to charge EVs. This poor guy has sepent a lot of money to damage the global environment.
A new gas engine is 5000 fully dressed
enlightening, thank you!
I will stick with my conventional gasoline powered vehicle, thank you very much.
Of course a battery warranty can be voided! For this reason I would say BS to the dealer. As for a scratch on a protective cover voiding the warranty is ludicrous by all definitions. Look at the bottom of my old Hummer's engine/trans/TC skid plates and they were bent, scratched, dinged, etc., and since they did the job, the warranty on those items were never voided. Same with my current 4x4 truck. Protection covers or skid plates, etc. are designed to protect and scratches means NOTHING! If it does mean a problem. then why have a protective cover.  However Kyle has now understood, dealers are called stealers for a reason.   But I'm not understanding Canadian insurance policies. The guy ran over something, if all was ok, why even go to the dealer for an inspection,  and even if the battery was actually affected by the rock and it cause damage, why would his insurance double for ten years? Is this common in Canada? I have known people in the states who drove through deep water (like idiots) that cause engines to hydrolocked, insurance paid for it but they were not considered bad drivers, and granted, insurance might have went up, but no where near double. Sounds like Canadian insurance companies are a bigger ripoff then US insurance companies.  No where in this video did I see an answer to WHY, the battery needed replacement and WHY was their a protective cover added that evidently was not needed since it did a job of protecting the battery and yet, a few scratches means it still caused a voided warranty.  Best to learn EVs are not the way to go (engine rebuild in the States is usually about 3-4K if needed...might be higher in Canada not sure), EVs are a rip off and since they require charging by power plants they are not all that clean (especially when you investigate how dirty lithium, cobalt mining is to the environment) and never purchase a Korean vehicle, from a manufacture that created the Theta two engines and the fact they are notable for blowing up like firecrackers on the 4th of July.
thank you for what you do, opening peoples eyes...
Don't buy a Hyundai. Problem fixed.
"I never for once thought...". There lies the problem.
If you wanna 'virtue signal' it's gonna cost ya! Zero sympathy! You're all gonna spend the rest of your lives saying "what should have happened....".
I don't like electric cars.Pure💩
Hyundai went from being a joke to a great innovator and is pivoting back to being a joke again. Can't believe I almost considered an IONIQ 5 this year.
when are people going to wake up and stop trusting governments and car makers, their motivation has nothing to do with saving the planet.
canada isn't the right place for electric cars. batteries hate the cold and we have that in spades
Call insurance company . Its totaled. Problem solved.
Can I pick one up at Napa?    😂😂😂😂
This isn't just an issue for Hyundai.  I've read that when any EV battery is damaged, it is not repairable and must be replaced.
Yeah so Teslas fix this problem for a quarter of that price. My condolences to your intelligence for buying a non-real EV.
Why is that battery cover integral with the battery?  That is a huge engineering issue. And cash grab.  Aren’t electric vehicles wonderful…
As technology improves, battery replacement will be way cheaper, just like what Nokia battery cost. Or the new car is so cheap, customer just buy a new one
I never heard of the “damaged” battery still worked as original? I mean, does the old battery work or not? There should be a test process that can actually evaluate the old battery. If it works fine, move on with life. But paying $60k for a new battery is stupid. Why would anyone buy one of those vehicles?
EV’s are dead in the water after this report. Ford is cutting its EV production in half next year. EV’s are dead as soon as sorties like this get out
The entire EV industry is a scam.  I’ll just keep my 4Runner.
If only it was possible to swap out the battery easily and on a regular basis. No need to worry about the potential cost of replacing a damaged battery. Sounds good? NIO in China is already doing this.
Battery has only one purpose it stores electricity. It isn’t practical for any long term usage. EV I strongly believe is a failed experiment.
And in Canada we have a Prime Minister who is actually forcing electric vehicles down our throats. Issues like this are likely to become far more common as time goes on. A hybrid? Perhaps. An all-electric? I suppose if you like playing loose with your money or playing Russian Roulette, go for it.
STOP BUYING E V"S!!!!!!!! Your not saving crap! Not the earth, not money, your just following the freaking carrot.
I will NEVER buy electric.  I'll drive a steam engine first...
Hyumdai need to Recompense this customer appropriately, not just for the confusing and misleading way he was (Mis)represented and communicated to by the Manufacturer, I also believe he has a Valid Lawsuit Claim against the Manufacturer for  misrepresentation and/or breach of Warrenty, especially since Hyundai did basically Absolutely nothing to Recompense him for his Loss.
where is consumer protection
Some years ago, here is USA, a story aired on TV of an Engineer that proposed a EV battery exchange program that made too much sense,  sooooooo, of course it wasn't implemented. If the Governments of the world are serious about moving the motoring public onto electric vehicles, enmass, then they have to make it happen. Only the governments have the financial ability to do it. He proposed a line of Government funded and approved battries that the automotive industries would be told to design their vehicles around, and they would be made available on a deposit exchange basis to the car owner. Changing stations would be built were gasoline ⛽️ stations are now that would use robots to change out batteries in a few minutes time, about the same amount of time it takes to pump gasoline and go to the bathroom, and one would be one their way again. The problem in Canada and Northern climes is that the severely cold temperatures harm batteries. Shortening their service life. Most of the working class cannot afford the EVs and can't afford the cost of replacing the batteries when they don't live up to expectation. This would eliminate this whole issue, and remove the individual dealer's scam/sham price gouging.
exploding cars that can not be safe
Send them to africa out of sight out of mind
So.. this kind of stuff isn exactly why the EPA rules causing MORE waste and MORE environmental damage thanks to the appliance nature of cars being forced on us.  Soon as a car is outside warranty... Its done.  Who is risking buying a used electric vehicle without a warranty?
Liability issue.  Once the dealership tamper with the battery the responsibility if the car catches fire will fall on them.Or you void the warranty once you remove the battery protective cover. Another reason the dealership lack the expertise to check the battery
The function of all these maneuvers by government is to push Agenda 21 to get people to live in Soviet style high rises where they can keep an eye on you. Cars that won't go very far, especially in the wilderness, gasoline you can't store.. etc.
Only a misinformed person would buy an electric car. Research what happens in a very minor accident with any brand of electric vehicle. Tons of info out there.
Dealerships hate EVs as they lose thousands in service fees. It sounds like the dealerships are up charging costs to try and keep people in their maintenance expensive gas cars. This needs more investigation.  This story will keep me to only buy Tesla cars as they don’t use dealerships.
Should have gotten a lawyer involved.  That dealer circumvented customer service because they thought they could force this guy into buying a second car. This is pure greed by a dealership. I spent 14 years in the business and there are less dealers doing it the right way than the wrong.  It breeds unscrupulous people willing to lie under pressure. It’s total bullshit in an industry with 99% customer satisfaction since they began you for good surveys that are tied to their pay structure.
I once had to deal with Ford Corporate. They specifically asked for videos of the issue.  I sent them, and had tracking tomomow when they were accessed, they never did (google drive link).  I eventually asked about it, and they said they NEVER watch videos!!!! They literally asked for them.  This mockery along with other stuff, is why I have now owned a Nissan and three Subarus since then.
The moral of the story is, don't buy an EV, and don't buy a Hyundai.
Dont buy these ev vehicles, they are not green nor will they be anytime soon. The insurance is becoming unviable in the uk over high repair costs
Cross Hyundai/Kia/Genesis off the list for any vehicle for their poor customer service and also cross all EVs off the list because you are actually harming the environment and not saving any money over gas cars. What rational reason is there for owning one?
Moral of the story ... don't buy Hyundai. Many of their combustion engines are also garbage, i wouldn't get an ICE car fron them either.
This is what you, the consumer,  gets when politicians displace Responsible Battery Scientists and Engineers stating the EV propulsion battery systems are not quite ready for mass production, but the political elites  muscle in to say, "They know better".  And the few if us, technical people understand that any battery propulsion system should Never be mounted underneath any vehicle exposed to impact damage. We get over ridden by idiots who tell management it's the cheapest way to provide cooling to the pack and utilize the air column underneath the moving vehicle. It may be cheaper for the battery company and the auto company but to puts all the potential costs on the new owner who thinks he or she is doing a good thing for the environment. The other issue is most battery propulsion systems that are mounted that way were designed to assist in supporting vehicle frame integrity and rigidity.  A two for, for the manufacturer saving cost in construction and materials.  Funny how battery makers and vehicle manufacturers get government rebates for this stuff but the vehicle buyer gets nothing for maintenance of that technology.
That’s why you buy a Tesla the only car built to be an e-car not just retro fit
How Hyundai says their ev cars are worthless, without saying their cars are worthless.  60k for the battery when new, 1 buck for the rest of the pos.
Great video. Thank you both for highlighting this case. By bringing this to issue to the EV world something will be done about it. I am still thinking of changing my hybrid for an EV here in the UK.
These kind of stories keep popping up. Sorry but there's no way that these disposable, effectively single owner cars are more environmentally friendly than ICE cars.
Maybe I missed it but what made him think there was a Peoblem with the Battery Assembly?  What I heard was that he tried to avoid something in the Road and thought he had, so he continued on with th trip.  When he returned home, he had the Dealership check it out.  What I didn't hear was anything about Electrical Problems. While mine wasn't an EV, years ago I had a Chevy Celebrity that was running fine but while I was headed to work one morning, started running very Poorly.  I had my Wife take it to our Local Dealer and had them  perform a Diagnostic check on the Engine.  They called us and said it was a Broken valve spring and bent valve.....Cost to repair would be over $500.00 IF there was no piston damage.  I couldn't afford $500.00 at the time so I took a Trailer and brought it home.  On my next off day, I decided to check it out.  When I picked the valve all of the way up and spun it between my fingers, it had absolutely NO WOBBLE, meaning it was NOT bent.  I bought a new valve spring ($5.00), a tube of formagasket ($4.00) and a cheap bar-type valve spring compressor ($10.00) and fixed it my self for a total of $10.00 (excluding the cost of the valve spring tool which I still have).  I fixed it for $10.00 while the Dealership was going to charge me $500.00 or more.  Needless to say, I don't trust Dealerships anymore.
The left want their way, from rigging elections to fulfill their green agenda. So far it’s failing,, and nobody wants these EV garbage.
Total stitch up for the customers, the Car isn’t fit for purpose in the sense of real time driving conditions. I would imagine this customer would have a good claim but of course that’s going to cost and the only winners are the Lawyers.
I'll admit that I'm not going to waste my time watching the whole video, but this sounds like total BS
I think Kyle's mistake was buying an electric car.
Great article  All the child labor involved mining the cobalt by hand in the Congo for these Evs    and all these fools out here think they are helping the environment  ,people are being scammed with buying an Ev partially because they do not know any better they just follow the herd, no matter what you drive your vehicle is being fueled by fossil fuels in the end ,EV ICE  ect  just with the EV your destroying the environment twice  production of batteries and then charging in the wall at home to a charger  ,supercharger via diesel generator/powerplant  fill the gas tank once let it sit a week no energy used  charge your ev let it sit a week it uses energy 6%to 8%a nite     My buddy pays 27 bucks in Baltimore at a supercharger to charge his m3p full to get 210 miles of range😅 so twice week up to what it cost to fill a gas tank up that will get you an honest 350 400 miles on any 4cylinder out there
Funny how the invoice list price for the battery is 6649 though, it appears to me that a typo has been made and these guys are blowing it out of proportion. Also these batteries have various sensors to detect swelling etc so if one of these has been activated it may require a whole battery replacement. Dash would have a lot of warnings displayed etc. Seems like a lot if people trying to damage hyundai reputation to me
buhahaha all GREEN zombies are waking up now
My dad is a big fan of the channel, he often gets me to watch to figure out what watches you guys are wearing. He told me about this, now its on my recommended. Good work, this is a big hit it seems. Unfortunate story though.
Here is a thought on the battery situation. I have no knowledge on this other than the video. Imagine the dealer takes off and replaces the battery cover. Inspects the battery and finds no issues with the battery and at some later date the battery self ignites and does significant damage to buildings or worse causing loss of life, the fall out for this dealer could be catastrophic. We can imagine how this might play out in a court and how the dealer was negligent in this incident. Not to mention simply looking at such a battery from the outside and as a technician putting your stamp of approval on this battery might not we wise? Just saying.
In China they swap out batteries when they need recharged.  Seems like us in North America are way behind the curve on this.  Make the batteries easier to swap out and more available and more people would jump on the band wagon.  Do not pay a corporation large sums of money to be there beta testers!   SHAME ON HYUNDAI
iPhones on wheels. Virtually worthless after a few years.
How can they justify the new battery cost being more than the Vehicle brand new??? this is total BS. Very bad news for EVs if they take this path. We need Hyundai Korea to explain this. They need to make this right.
I will never get an EV 😂 although my e-bike I love ❤️
When the dealership voids the warranty on his car, he should just say goodbye and go to a 3rd-party repair center. They will fix his car for a couple of hundred $ and he can continue to drive it while it lasts. His problem is that he equates warranty with liability, that just doesn't make sense.
Annnnnd, the new battery will continue being charged by fossil fuels. Lmao!!!!
What if what he hit was an object on roadway, like a rock from nearby hill, than is the governments liability to repair
One thing you didn't talk about,  was he having problems? If not, just drive as is.  If a person gets a scratch on the hood of his gas powered vehicle should he replace the whole damn engine.
3:12 they assume he has bad driving because damage was documented without documentation of the state before damage, impossible, I would just tell a jusge why you are refusing to participate in society
How could a battery be void by normal driving or accidents, non abuse
Since cars are made in a setting where alot of inspections are done like 10% inspection and the rest is assumed to be fine until inspections start showing out of spec, most specs are not recorded, what was the original gap at the time of the cars sale? was it documented somewhere? if not the dealership will lose in court
So they basically scammex out of his car.
Car dealership cheat the poor people and customers.TX
Any brand Full electric battery vehicle is completely super junk I am going to wait for Hydrogen fuel cell car to buy
The manufacturing cost o that pack is just over 10.000$. Manufacturers and dealerships should sell replacements at cost and not profit to compensate for the shitty design.
267 gallons of diesel for 1 CAT excavator to dig dirt up and find materials to make one battery! let that sink in greenshitheads. World is so upside down literally!  Stop showing this bullshit you guys literally think you’re helping the planet you are not! 😂
Just another reason for the average person to run as fast as he can from these electric vehicles.  They're just a rich man's toy to feel better about himself for "saving" the planet.
This really sounds like the dealership making things up. That scratch should not voided the warranty unless proven the cause damage to the battery pack. They should have contacted Hyundai tech line and possibly get a field service engineer from Hyundai to take a look.  Thin plastic shields warp and move some. There is no way to tell by that spacing that the battery was damaged. You can tell the shield might be.  Sounds like the dealer was scared of liability and condemned it.
Hyundai's and Kia are absolutely awful. Terrible cars never buying one, they look ugly and are extremely unreliable.
Why you be buying toys for cars?
The dealership was trying to put one over on him that’s for sure. Yeah it’s not that much damage to that battery. Underneath! That’s still over $45,000. US holy crap! This is ridiculous no wonder the stock is going down on a electric vehicles. There’s no way those batteries cost that much that is craziness.
stop buying EV's till the company will make sure you don't lose your car after 5 years or in this case before! because the battery is limited and eventually die and in the state that ev's are now its basically garbage after since the company's charge you 60,000$ for a battery and most time they put a refurbish and there is no warranty like the original!  so there for people should stop buying them and put a hole in the company's pockets till they realize we are not fulls!
Dealers service shops are crooks they can scratch and damage the cover because owners are not allowed in service area to make money dealers often do this to cheat customers Toyota also doing they always recommend to replace this and that Toyota also a big scammer crook service department but Hyundai is worse
lmaoi, ive said for years, there is not going to be ay second hanfd market and thats a massive issue, the whol e e.v game is a waste
another reason NOT to buy an EV....this just proves that manufacturers have no clue on how to handle these SURPRISE situations
This is one aspect many buying EVs just do not consider, the price of the battery replacement.   But to say the battery needs replaced because of a scratch on the protective cover seems like they're just trying to scam the owner out of money.  Even with a hybrid. Sure the battery is smaller and easier to replace, BUT its still a pretty significant chunk of change to replace when it does come time. Even that battery can cost as much as replacing the internal combustion engine.
EV is a huge risk right now and not a word on how they were able to void the warranty.
Why people buy this scrap junk car Hyundai is a junk car Don’t buy if they don’t replace this battery
Wonder has the local ministry of transportation had evaluate such risk to protect interest parties... 🤔
will never bye battery car
I would never consider this car.  Most likely just stick with my Lexus hybrid
OMG--thanks for posting this video and reporting this story. It's deplorable and insane (including the hike in his car insurance which should never have happened). Hyundai should reimburse this guy and get the insurance situation corrected as well (or pay for his higher insurance). And if the battery protection cover did not do its job then that's a design flaw IMO. This is an injustice "big time".
Sounds like big scam from the dealer….
Just pure greed. No way a battery costs 60000
The moral of the story is EV manufacturers are not design😢their vehicles for regular highway use, and the dealerships, manufacturing nor the insurance companies trust the reliability of EV's. Anyone buying an EV is playing financial Russian roulette. 😂😂😂
Greed seems to be the problem here? Did anyone find out what the dealer actually pays for such a part? I needed a glowplug for my Opel, the local dealer asked 48 (Euros) which I thought was overly expensive, it seems I was right, I found the same online for 12 for FOUR plugs. Can you imagine the markup which they must be applying through their organisation? I can understand that for small parts they need to earn to make it worthwhile, but making tens of thousands on a battery seems to take the greed to a different level? I am highly suspicious of dealer pricing.. Thanks to Motormouth for your unbiased reporting - you have earned my subscription among many others!
Isn't the protector made to protect the battery? How can the warranty be void if the protector didn't do its job? A lawyer would be welcome but it is expensive, and of course go to a new insurance company. I had a battery issue with a Skoda Enyaq, took 3 months to fix, the brand tried to make me pay saying I surely passed over a bump too quickly, which I rejected and asked for full diagnostic of the battery and real root causes and they paid the repair. They just have no idea. But this case is unbelievable!
I think car manufacturers see the battery thing as a recurring way to make money 😒 like when you buy a electric toothbrush they don’t make that much on the brush itself but rather on the brush head $$$$$. When you buy a good hobby grade RC car you can pay 500$ for the car itself but if you buy the battery itself that battery even if you buy a good brand will RUN you 100$ so 1/5 of the car at that point you can argue that it would make sense to change your battery every 10 year 👍. But if they charge you more then the car itself 😂🤣 that’s STUPID!!! If they want to save money on battery they should have a universal battery format!!! Let’s say you have 10 battery models that would fit 99% of car models for years to come then battery would be affordable!! If you look at power tool battery you can see manufacturers are trying to make more money on battery then the tool itself that’s crazy 🤯 but when there’s a sale the battery price get to a reasonable price 😒. So the main lesson that we learned today is that if there is no set price set by let’s say the government company can charge you what ever the FUXX the want 🤷‍♂️😒 so the can SCREW you over and over again because nobody told them that they couldn’t do that to people 😒. Unlike stealing and murder that are in the criminal code and that is LAW that you CANNOT do these things because they are illegal!! But overcharging people for good and service are NOT illegal as of yet and compagnie know that and they are enjoying it as much as they can while they still can 😒😒😒. Think of it as a type of gold rush 🤷‍♂️.
The reality of Electric cars is beginning to sink in.  After the next dark ages future civilisations will look at our obsession with reducing CO2 and view it the same wonder as we look at the Pyramids.  As in, why the hell did they do that?
Buy a tesla.
I've heard too many of these stories by now. I'll NEVER buy an electric car.
Just buy a nice V8 problem sorted
Why would anyone even contemplate buying an EV if a bump in the road is enough to write the car off?  This is insane. The manufacturers have to have a better product /solution than this.
Ev don’t help the environment, this is just another example.  Research where the minerals for the EV batteries come from.  It is horrific.
EV never ever lower the carbon foot print!!!!!  You CAN NOT compare only the finished vehicle, leave out the Resouces & Manufacturing process it takes!!!!!    Each EV produces 3 -5 times more earth damages than today's ICE Vehicle. Open up you eyes, don't be fooled.
Of course warranty is void if you hit something, so then you use your insurance. I don't even see the problem?  My 2013 Nissan Leaf needs a new battery. Getting a 2022 almost twice as big used pack installed now. It cost me 6k USD and will be good for at least 10 more years since it's a better battery. So $600 a year in running costs with electricity being almost free for me. Can't beat that with a gas car, unless you do very little driving.
I wonder how much all the work on your face costs?
There is nothing good about this story.  Totaled car, financial ramifications for the owner for the next 10 years (which is equally ridiculous) , any potential carbon savings is blown out of the water because of how much was produced to build the car and now to be recycled.  The lingering effects on the insurance company that will raise insurance costs on all EV’s.   When they asked the owner if he would buy another EV, that he gave it an ounce of thought shocked (see what I did there) me.  Off video he is probably thinking, not in a million years. Since this car is in Canada, I don’t know if they have government incentives, but here in the US, this would have been thousands of American tax dollars (government incentives) just went up in smoke too.
EV's  Are A Joke!!  And N  O  T !!! THE ANSWER!!!!
100% you save the money for fuel....so in 3 / 5 years the money you save is to purchase new batteries $60,000 😂😂😂😂😂
How many more years is it going to take for people to realize that EV are a death trap for your body and pocket !! He could have hit something that could have caused the whole car to blow up. He's lucky he's only being charged $60,000 CAD
The answer to Zack's question is yes. An EV that needs its battery replaced is worthless, or close to it. When you buy an EV, it isn't a question of if the battery will need replacing, only of when. Hyundai's response is just damage control BS. Let's say the $56,000 battery cost is some kind of error, and the real cost is only a third of that. Still, who is realistically going to want to spend $20K to change the battery, especially if the car is maybe 5 to 10 years old? Until the industry develops a standardized battery system, I think that high replacement costs will be the norm, and used EV values should theoretically be poor. For the moment, they're throw away cars.
Why is the EV industry shooting themselves in the foot? Sounds like massive profiteering to me. Instead of getting them to buy new vehicle rather than a new battery, less people will be buying EV’s if they know they’ll have to replace the car in 10 years time. Crazy.
I would never ever touch a EV or Electric car. To much bugus and alot of other BS going around with them. Just look outside Paris at the fields with 10s of thousands of EV just parked there as they all need new batteries but NOONE can afford a new battery!  its such a waste of resources!!   Buy the car have it for 5-10 years, Then the EV or fully electric cars the battery is need to be replaced and it cost a like a new car and in some cases its even MORE expensive than a new..  And the manufacture of these lithium batteries use so much resources then you can actually build a diesel car and drive it for 300.000 kilometers before the you reach the equilibrium between battery pollution vs diesel car pollution. And still the EV/ Electric car haven't even rolled 1m  and diesel have now run 300.000km  EV and electric cars is just part of the way of popular way buy, use, toss away, buy new .. Where as a diesel car you can actually repair it and keepit for more than 10 years, thus make it a really low environment impact aswell not waste as much resources as EV, Electric car.  Btw, Dont let us go into resource waste used to extract the litium which is massively toxic and done with child labour whom will not survive longer than the ev battery or the huge toxic lakes thats created by separating from the rock. To be fair, Its even more toxic than GOLD extraction which is done with massive amounts of liquid MERCURY thats then just thrown into nature afterwards..   It is what it is.
I am on my 4rth KIA EV. This is typical of Hyundai/KIA. They overcharge for parts and have insane repair practices/policies and guidelines. What is even the point of having a battery protection cover /shield if damaging it means you have to replace the whole battery anyway? It's completely illogical.
I do believe there are 2 ways to pronounce this brand of car,and ‘Hun-Day’ is NOT one of them…they are ‘Hi-Yoon-Die’ &  ‘Hee-Yun-Day…please,Americans,stop butchering the English language…
All I can say is I can’t wait for the technology for hydrogen vehicles.
This is what it means to be taken for a "MUG"
Cool! Just one more reason ,Not to ever buy an EV! Thanks 😊
Even if this battery was half the cost of what was quoted, it still would be outrageous.
Eventually electric cars are only for rich people and as things are going now and the foreseeable future the increase of rich people is very very low and the high middle class that could afford an electric vehicle is disappearing faster than you think, therefore we must all go back to conventional vehicles.
Stop buying these garbage EVs
Battery prices should be disclosed when you buy the car. Otherwise the first battery replacement out of warranty writes off the car. Eight years to write off!
The moral of the story is, Don’t buy an EV EVER . Green new scam
The car dealership did not want to take responsibility for the internals of the batteries. They are extremely dangerous batteries. You can’t fly on a plane with them. And if you get in a crash and are stuck, you will likely die in a fire!!!
No way am I buying a ev there too new and have way too many problems and hidden cost, there was a rush to get them out and now the problems are arising
Last week, we were talking about get a ev from Hyundai, but I'm going to buy a regular combustion engine. I'll wait until regulations kick in .
What a scam the climate is always changing scrapping petrol engines is a way of creating a new market for capitalism.
no you can buy the whole car with the battery cheaper, but might be a ploy to make people buy more new cars so it looks good on their reports
I heard this about other vehicles as well, hence, why I will not buy any EV.   Also, what is the environmental impact of producing and disposing of these batteries? I believe it is far worse than what most of us think.   People generally pay a premium for convenience, in these cases, we are paying a premium for inconvenience.
A story like this can kill an entire industry. Good.
Get back to gas, you had your lesson now
Buy a proper car with an ICE Stuff the electric heaps of shit!!!
I would ask them to prove that the damage caused the battery failure. They are only guessing at this point.
The question is Why are you buying EV’s? Do you believe Climate Change is your responsibility and you want to do your part? If so your special , you hang in there sunshine. Just keep doing exactly what the government tells you because they have your best interest in mind. It don’t matter how crazy it seems, this fellow will buy another one soon.
If no error messages appeared I wouldn't go to a dealership.
The only thing wrong with EVs is the battery 😂
This is a shitty situation, but what is worse is the scumbag insurance company charging a 50% increase over 10 years for a no fault claim!
BLATANT DISINFORMATION AND FEARMONGERING AGAINST EVs. Hyundai's warranty for the Ioniq 5 battery states that it will last for eight years or 160,000 kilometers. The warranty also covers any deterioration that would cause the vehicle to lose more than 30% of its capacity.        to the REPORTERS AND PRODUCERS OF THIS CRAP - DONT FORGET YOUR 30 PIECES OF SILVER YOU JUDASES!!!
It's the wild west at the moment with this new technology. They are cashing in on people's lack of knowledge and the fact that it is harder to know the normal procedures and costs. Over time this problem will fix itself but car companies are presently cashing in.
Does it need to be fixed at all?
This guy got reemed!!   And 10 year insurance increase?!  That’s bullshit.
Replacing the whole thing... MMMMMHHHH, Ecology! :D
I live in BC - 2 of the biggest crooks here are ICBC (provincial govt monopoly) and dealerships. Dealership tried to take advantage of the young customer and ICBC in their usual wasteful inept ways, wrote off the vehicle without proper investigation. The poor kid got intimidated by ICBC into accepting the writeoff but many of us older folks would have never allowed them to do so quickly, this made it harder for Hyundai headoffice to do anything after the fact now
This is something the electric car fanatics do not realize yet. They are basically buying a printer with very expensive cartridges...
That is why Electric cars are hard on the environment and part of a get rich scheme by the rich...Nothing to do really with the environment. Truthfully battery powered electric cars should not be sold until they get a better power system. I wonder how hard it would be to convert one of those cars to gas powered,?
EV's came to a Printer mentality. A new Printer is cheaper then replacing the tint
Someone remind me, what'd the point of a battery protection cover?Sounds like it did it'd job to me
Whoa whoa, hold the show people.. There seem's to be a typo in the quote. The net price is 6649.98 and the final amount is 56,649.98. Take away the 5 and hey presto, its like it should be!
thats the problem with eclectic car , battery !!!  battery will last about 5 years just like the one on you phone or laptop ,  ,  and may explode if impact , and the battery cost more than new car , so your car is worthless after 5 years you can not sale it ,   when a normal car engine may last 20-30years  so you can still sale your 5or 10 year old car ,
Actually the battery should cost 10,000 including taxes and other fees like used car fees.
That's why those Hyundai vehicles are garbage. Kias are trash as well.
Buy these stupid electric toys you deserve everything you get. Jumping on the hipster bandwagon with these fad vehicles that are killing everyone including the electric grid. Dumb fucks are going to lead us off a cliff like lemmings for their social standing. Only an idiot would buy a milk float. An ev needs to do 70k miles to break even compared to a gas car that’s  madness. I think the main issue is here is sheep going into the wolves pen and then blaming the wolves for eating them 😂😂😂😂
Your dealership sounds like it's run by a bunch of idiots!! Just change the very slightly damaged cover. Job done.
Eish, this is really insane.
Hyundai is very disappointing…seems like it’s all lip service while the owner gets the short end of the stick…
If you buy an EV, you need to look years ahead at resale value.  Who in their right mind would buy a used EV with an original battery?  In ten years, the junk yards and classified ads will be full of EVs that no one wants!
Look, current EVs are akin to the Ford model T. They're in their infancy. They ignite, are stupidly built, make little sense, highly polluting to build.  Wait 30-40 years. And then buy an EV.
Nip the next "racket", as in racketeering, in the bud.  They passed laws that require vehicle titles to be labeled SALVAGE if an insurance company "totaled" the vehicle; where the cost to repair exceeds the current market value of the vehicle.  This makes the vehicle a total loss for the insurance company but not for someone else.  You understand.
Thank you for covering and following up. Yes you should so we have better understanding about this.   Frankly I am very worried about my EV right now.😅
EV, never ever! Totally stupid to take risks just for a ‚trend‘ . Nonsense
This looks more like a Scam between the Insurance company and the Garage, Nobody wants to make to much publicity around this story as this is a corruption case hiding. It Would be interesting to find this car , not even repaired and sold on with a new cover?
I'm surprised you're surprised.
Just as well EV cars do not sell anymore and the population is boycotting Political decisions based on subsidies from  Tax Money. Lets boycott EV charged with Electricity made from Diesel and Coal considering that Solar and Wind Farms are not recyclable based technology ...This is a SCAM from the beginning.
There is even a bigger issue.   If someone has purchased as used car and the battery has not been checked on that sort of level.  Where does the liability lay at that point.   So now it looks like apart from the usual checks carried on a used car  we now have to check the state of any battery protection.   This could be a game changer for the used EV car market
Fckng deathtraps. Wake up betas! Evs are bad for humanity and the Earth itself.
If that damage was on a petrol car that cost half as much, it would cost probably couple of  hundred for new cover fitted.
No hetero male buys an ev. Kyle proves my point.😂
This is another proof that Ev technologie is a scam and event worth for our planet than Internal combustion engines.  What will happen in 30 Years, when we will have to recycle millions of batteries? Ecologists are a sect driven by Davos and Soros just like the Corona, to take over  countries and make the population poor.
Kyle is gay af😂😂😂
When will you losers figure out that evs are a scam? It doesn’t decrease your carbon footprint at all. It’s a means to control and enslave. Bad for the slaves who mine the minerals and devastating for the environment.
It takes a moron to buy EV, LOL.
Electric vehicles are expensive to buy, insure and repair. Go buy yourself an old truck and have less worries.
Hyundai Canada PR letter: Lots of words that actually said nothing of substance.
That's why you should avoid these Korean cars - Hyundai, Kia. All BS cars --- cheaped out on the engine immobilizer until the huge egg-in-their-face blowup this year from vehicle theft.
Imagine all these Hyundai/Kia owners driving around is such a fragile and potentially dangerous car that such a little scratch either writes your car off or you are going to take a chance that you are driving around in a mobile plasma torch that’s ready to explode at any time.  China is trying to break into the EV market, and all you see are videos of their cars lighting up like a tank hit by a depleted uranium round and the ammo rack goes off!   This dude and his insurance company, double his insurance…”insurance” is a joke…they’re more like a bank..they pay initially the recoup the money via raising your premiums over 10 years…so the insurance gets their money back and then some. This is not insurance, this is more like a loan shark!  Hyundai will get the car on the cheap…strip the perfectly good power pak sell off all the parts or it will be auctioned to sell as parts, they will double, triple their money..everyone makes 💰💰💰…except of course the customer gets screwed, and will be out of pocket 10’s of thousands over the next few years.  The government is forcing this crap on us…they need to force, regulate these companies, and the most important part of the car which makes them go…there is NO WAY the battery should cost more than the entire car!   Just think about your cell phone battery..and how long it lasts before losing its charging capacity and available power 🤔 The consumer is getting screwed
Dump the car, Move to VIENNA and enjoy the true eco friendly subway and train system...it's incredible
Was unaware Economic Rape was ECO thing?
All I think when hearing EV is scam. This is just another story to add to that perspective.
Well I guess on that note I will never buy a Hyundai vehicle of any kind - totally ridiculous.
Simple solution. Don't buy electric vehicles in the first place.
Just take the bloody battery cover and inspect the battery. There's no evidence at all that the battery is even damaged. I'll bet there's nothing wrong with it. You just have a scratch on the cover. In other words, the cover did its job! There's nothing wrong with your car.
I was thinking of buying an IONIQ... not going to do it now!!
Lots of people jumping on the e-car train, thinking that it has less parts, needs less service and therefore is cheaper than a combustion powered vehicle. Hyundai can NOT tell anyone that they selling a brand new car for $55,000 what is made of many parts who cost money too, that the battery is alone $58,000! Imagine all the batteries cost $58,000. Hyundai would lose on each car a couple ten thousand dollars in production? Absolutely no way. We do  know that hybrid batteries replacements are around $5,000 to $8,000. What, in my opinion, has already a significant markup by the shops. Something doesn’t sound right. I honestly have my doubts about the car insurance too. I did live in Alberta. I had two incidents with my cars. Both not my fault. When the shop did send me (and insurance) the quote, my insurance did send one of their own adjusters to make sure everything was correct calculated. For example. Lady turned from the opposite traffic into my lane. I couldn’t stop, avoiding the accident. I t-boned her car. Sitting in a brand new F150 with only 7,500km on it and my whole front smashed in. The shop quoted around $8,000. My insurance asked the shop to take everything apart and quote again with the insurance adjuster on side. It was a $17,000 job! - That absolutely nobody took the battery protection off to check the battery is actually unbelievable. Well. I am 60 years old now. I had a 3 year apprenticeship in Germany as a car mechanic. We didn’t just stand in front of a car and started guessing around. We took tools and started investigating what was wrong with the car. Today, mechanics have no clue what they have to do. Using a measuring tape to figure out on a hole if the battery had an impact? I’m sorry. This is unbelievable and unacceptable! I hope that these stories will get around and keep people away from buying EV cars for now!  I am living now in Panama. Lots of Chinese car brands are available. Much cheaper than the known American, European or Asian brands we already know. But a friend of mine who bought a Geely compact SUV noticed that on one side, the fancy LED lights had 2 LED’s burned out. Still warranty on the 6 months old car. It was fixed with replacing the whole headlight assembly. He didn’t had to pay for it. The price of the headlight? He showed me the receipt. $1,800 (US dollar!) on a $16,000 car! Well. I’m keeping my 21 year old Mercedes E-class where I can get 2 aftermarket headlights for $220 if I have to replace them. 🎉
The fact that people still think these are better for the environment is ridiculous. People are stupid.
This lack of Manufacturer support or third party support for EV drive batteries, and the automatic 'write it off' approach from insurance companies are the primary reasons I'm not buying an EV.  EVs being treated as disposal items is the opposite of being environmentally conscious and should be against the law - manufactures should not be allowed to sell a product that can't be repaired at a reasonable price, they should have to prove they have such a cost effective process in place.  BTW, this is why the industry should have made baby steps and focused on HEVs and PHEVs before diving straight into EVs, I'd only consider such vehicles at this stage.
Another $60,000 reason NOT to go EV
They might tell you that a replacement battery costs 4000 now (now that that is acceptable) but when the time comes they might quote you 50k… No for EVs.
Simple question… how can a single part cost more than the whole…. Answer…? It’s a markup scam….
Save the planet and your money, keep hold of your perfectly serviceable internal combustion vehicle as long as possible. It cost less to make, parts are cheaper, it cost a lot less CO2 to make and run over its lifetime. It is more reliable, more robust and more practical. People who have bought these early EV have just basically been suckered as Guinea pigs. Battery evolution is happening so fast no one makes your batteries anymore and they have no stock so they have to be made to order, good luck with that, my next door neighbour have had 3battery replacements on his EV so far each time he was stuck away from home and had to get towed back. The car dealer guy who came to pick up the car to take it away for battery replacement said he was basically non stop one pick up and drop off after another for duff batteries! I will hold onto my RAV4 diesel to they claw it out of my dead hands I only drive about 5000 miles a year why would I waste so much money on an EV for the rare occasion I would need it !
What is the point of a warranty if it does not apply when things go wrong from regular driving?
Never will I ever buy an EV.  Diesel power.
Much of the problem is exacerbated  by ICBC's controls in BC.
I would not own any EV because look at the total impact on the environment!!! A petrol car actually has a lesser impact on the environment! The mining for the minerals for the battery is total deviation to the area around the mines. Destroying water tables and polluting the soil and air!! Hydrogen is the way to go! Abandon the battery!!! Bad idea from the start but you'll never get the biden regime to stop the madness until they are gone!! Our I for infrastructure can't handle the electrical load! It would take decades to get our power grid up to snuff!
Lol what you think it was going to save you money 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So buying Hyundai EV is pretty much a scam. Sad. I won’t be buying from them ever.
I would demand the old battery back if I had to pay that much for a new one that didn't ampere damage in the first place. Then again I would have just bought a Tesla in the first place.
The list price shown and what the dealer extended invoice column shows indicates a $50,000 mark up by the dealer.
Utterly ludicrous situation here. Kyle has been failed at every turn, from the useless corrupt and incompetent dealership to Hyundai Canada and the lazy insurance company. Customer service has gone completely out the door, and 'common sense' is non-existent. What actually happened to the perfectly serviceable car? MESSAGE: Forget buying a Hyundai!!!!!!!!!
Idiots buy EV.
I would imagine the protection cover is basically like the bumper, it takes the impact instead of the  more expensive parts. So some scratches on the cover should be no problem.
If you're buying EV, make sure you get the extended warranty for the battery
Gas is better than this.
Its ridiculous that they didn't physically remove the skid plate to inspect the battery itself... the protection plate damage was very minor...  without actually inspecting the battery...they lose 100% credibility simply saying it needs replacing...  The dealership also is obviously jacking up the cost of the battery, no way at all the battery pack itself is even half that price...  Solution: Don't buy an EV...
First mistake: Buying a Hyundai 😒
Electric cars are very cool. But the land destruction for the minerals is awful. Craters 2 miles wide and hundreds of feet deep then off to the next spot.  Not to mention the mega machines doing this. Then on a boat to the USA to purify then back to China to make the battery ..👎👎 Just stick the pipe in the ground suck up oil. Have higher compression engines with catalytic converters or even ethanol.
Dealership? You mean "STEALERSHIP"?   99% of EV owners are people that does not have a clue about working on their own vehicle... EV's are never a practical purchase for the average person and that will remain as a high risk purchase for a while until parts and labor becomes affordable.
That kind of premium adaption by the insurer literally contradicts with how an insurance actually works. The many pay for the few - as simple as that. But obviously in North America it works differently. I would not pay a dime  for premiums if my insurer would operate like this!
smarter people buying smarter vehicle what could possibly go wrong😂
These r not cars these are electronic products one bought they cannot be repaired it has to be brought new
As a longtime sensible car fan, this latest electric vehicle debacle underscores why I despise them.Long live traditional well designed and built internal combustion cars.Who needs imported Korean junk.Also, electric vehicles, especially the batteries are incredibly difficult to safely recycle and expensive!
I did not hear one mention in this video that the battery was tested or proven damaged. Not one. He should have just replaced the guard and called it a day.
Did the car stop running or something? Why even raise a stink for a small scratch you’ll never see?
This changes my whole view about potentially owning an EV. A little thing on the road causes you $60k, it is like a nightmare
Buy a petrol or diesel car jeez
Wow, good job Hyundai, you created a $60K disposable car. EV's are supposed to be better for the environment? What a joke.
Electric cars are garbage, I hope they get better
In the future I don’t see how insurance companies can and will continue to cover EVs
Why are people so slow to remember that the battery pack is the basic fuel cost for an electric vehicle with the charging an additional cost.   If you check what a similar combustion engine would use in fuel and its cost you get very similar costs. The saving is in service costs and the knowledge your not adding chemicals to the atmosphere.  Disposal cost at end of life are about the same as is getting the fuel when the total chain is included ie. generation of electricity as against fuel cost
Thanks for the heads up. Will keep my 06 xB...Now I drink my coffee.
I’ve heard Hyundai cars are expensive to service / maintain that Japanese cars. I’ve never had luck with Korean brands looking after me like LG and Samsung when things went wrong with their products. Lesson learned for me is don’t buy Korean. They look great, but when things go wrong they don’t want to make it easy to get help or a fix that’s reasonable.  Those are my experiences, and this story has sealed that opinion for me now. Thank you for the story. I appreciate you both.
Huyandai is BS
This is a joke what they did. Lawyer definitely needed.
Hyundai should replace with New car They will I suppose- Good dependable company-  Body shop guys are the ones who normally make lot of money for replacing parts  And they go unchecked  Thanks for sharing God bless
This should be an outrage to this kid that bought this thing. There’s not only incompetence but negligence and maybe even shady practices going on here. EV’s are bad enough but batteries that cost more than the car is worth?’ Come on!
Oh stop complaining and just think about all the polar bears your ridiculously overpriced coal powered car is saving!
I always ask for my old parts back when I get repairs.
Is Hyundai Canada and Head Office one in the same?
EV good for the environment : Yeah. impossible with such policies😀
Good enough reason to stay away  from non- Tesla EVs
So shameful by Hyundai. No wonder people only buy Toyota nowadays.
60k for a battery? lol
Never buy a kia or Hyundai engine will blow
That ugly ass car I would never buy that!
The first problem was that he bought a Hyundai. Come to think of that, that is the basis for ALL of his problems too.
Stick with ICE as this is a warning to all EV buyers…….
Everyone buying an EV, has no Idea of this implication I suspect. Probably some used EV’s on Dealer’s lots you will want to avoid, if you have to buy a new battery, might as well buy a new car. EV buy?
Was gonna buy one but after seeing this, no thanks.  Sounds like Hyndia is only interested in scams.
Just buy for example a used Toyota Corolla or Yaris that runs on gas, your footprint is okay and never have problems. The thing with the EVs are extremely expensive and not thought to the end. A new battery should cost a 1/4 or max. a 1/3 of the complete new car.
EV are very much treated like an iphone.  They have a planned short life so that you're continually buying the latest and greatest version.  I suggest Kyle gets a $2000 beater and only pays liability insurance until his nightmare is over.
These stories are the exact reason the EVs a just expensive hipster toys - I would never touch one until every single ICE is removed from Earth. A compact Toyota with new ICE has way less environmental impact that this Hyundai monstrosity.
keep away from Hyundai !!!!
The dealership and Hyundai’s approach stems from liability avoidance.  From their perspective, it makes sense to advise battery replacement than be liable for giving a potentially damaging battery the all clear. (Plus there’s money to be made from fitting a new battery).  As an electrical engineer with a lot battery experience , I’d thoroughly test the battery: assess charge/discharge characteristics at maximum rated ambient temperature, look for deformation and swelling in the area of impact, use a thermal camera to detect abnormal hot and cold spots.  If these tests check out, you don’t have a problem.  And way cheaper than $60k Canadian.  But we live in a culture of less engineering expertise in dealerships - it’s simply more profitable and less risky to “repair by replacement”.
Sorry electric vehicle is a fraud
It won't get salvaged, they'll throw a new cover on it and resale it! Come on man!
Battery cars also have a tendency to go on fire as one did in New Zealand last week and destroyed the house you take a risk
I've heard even teslas battery's are expensive I'm like eff yall can keep yalls ev ill stick to my guzzlers. Starting now to help earth ain't gonna help its too far gone for that
I have a good friend that is going through this same situation with the ioniq 5 here in Quebec.Yes, buyers beware when buying any EV...EV's are fun to drive,and have a lot of torque...The way I see it is,buying an ev is like playing russian roulette,and who will be the next victim...
Motormouth reporting is sonewhat insufficient. they should check the invoice for the typo 😅😅😅 some biased reporting here
Responses from Hyundai sound like something from ChatGPT. A lot of words and very little sense. I was considering the ioniq 6 but if changing the battery is going to be like this, No thanks Hyundai.
Duh? EV tech is not even close to ready.
One has to be utterly bonkers to buy another electric car after such an experience 😢
well the battery warranty is only for about 100 000 kms anyways. If i were the owner i would have removed the cover myself and checked visually. It's made of metal, it's easy to see if it's deformed. Also the outer shell is made of metal, and the battery cells inside can be left untouched even if there is a small dent on the outer shell.  Just another stealership bullshit. The only error of the owner was to send his car to the dealership after explaining that he maybe hit something. OF COURSE they would find any excuse to cancel the warranty !
Why do the list and net prices state $6649 and the the amount jumps to $56649?
Why did I see $6,600 in one column and $56,000 in the next column? Bottom line: don't buy an electric.
With comprehensive vehicle insurance in Australia your vehicle is fully replaced if a write-off and you’re the original first purchaser within 2yrs from the first registration.
HAHAHH, we, The so called conspriacy theory guys, knew this was all coming down the line, You all just laughed. enjoy!!
Wow, considering I was honestly looking into either the 5 or 6, this makes me reconsider.
Son; slip you a little piece of advice if you'll take it:  Take the insurance check and buy a good Prius.
Any impact to a battery can cause internal damage and could cause fire. EV are  made to through away they are like refrigerators. People need to start educating themselves about EV battery dangers and how the  production of batteries harm the environment. PLEASE DO YIUR RESEARCH!
I'm curious... In Canada, can't you have in your insurance contract a "bonus protection" that would prevent your insurance cost from increasing in case of accident? It exists in other countries (I live in Switzerland and I can have 2 accidents without affecting my insurance cost)
Dude forget the money, forget the cost, the insurance, the warranty.  I'm worried about the fact that they said a small scratch under the car can cause the battery to EXPLODE!
Have you saved a convincing amount of fuel now?
Why is this a shock? This is so normal!!!!!!!!! Batteries cost 70% of the price of an EV. This is media and governments fault for not informing the customer about the draw backs of EV. Ev are cell phones  on wheels .they are  Made to through away,  any minor impact on a battery can cause a fire, the manufacturer did the right thing.
Great show. I would love to hear a follow-up interview with the dealer if possible to get there. Take on the decision that they told the owner of the kia
it is like they did not test the car for the real world.
This insanity is caused by another insanity driven concept, "Climate Crisis" . Where really bad decisions are made by politicians, driven by the insane concept of that urgency is needed to fix a problem that isn't a problem and if it was truly a crisis,  there is nothing we can do about it. That leads again to dumb things. Like EV's powered by a fragile lithium ion battery. Which does nothing good for the environment. In fact, it does more damage. Anyone who buys an EV today is doing nothing but virtue signaling and transfering their "carbon footprint " to some corporation making billions off of a fraud.   Kyle, if you're truly concerned about the environment,  as I am and as any sane person is, buy a fuel efficient car. Or a hybrid.   I'm truly sorry you went through this. What happened to you was criminal. I can't imagine what you went through.  Let's all calm down and do meaningful things for the environment. And find something that actually works, and that is truly  sustainable.
Well now it's clear for me and for everybody with a brain, that EV's becoming more and more of a SCAM
Moral of this story, buy a gasoline engine vehicle.
Time to set up class action lawsuits against em and governments are the one started it first which want and encouraging people to get an hybrids or electric vehicle due of tax credit maybe stick with Toyota brand ?
With stuff like this, you have to be UTTERLY INSANE to buy an electric car! This battery business is criminal.
😅those west and europe things are way too expensive that even diamond can't beat its price. As time goes by they will hold the whole billion worth in a pocket. Poor will be the poorest in all aspects. Well done!
Dealerships' first response to anything is a replacement. Not opening the cover and coming up with such a conclusion? Baffling.
His insurance could find a second hand battery. Its not a Hyundai issue at all.
Dont make it an electric car prob he had an accident. It was an insurance issue. But the battery should be checked by an expert to see if it is really damaged.
Shame on Hyundai. Both Hyundai and Genesis are best avoided.
why would someone buy one ?
Dealers tell lies!!! It is as simple as that...Some years ago I was at the dealer (Ford) and a mechanic who was walking past my taxi heard a ticking noise, he told me the engine will seize up very soon...Well 2 years later I was at the same dealer and told the same mechanic to listen to the same noise (approximately 100,000 kilometres) later and he just smiled and walked away...The final outcome of the story...After 590,000 kilometres we pulled the engine out to replace it, we disassembled the engine and found the hardening had worn away on one of the tappets...Big deal, the only reason we pulled out the engine was it was a prudent thing to do to avoid any reliability issues...It maybe would have gone on for more kilometres, who knows...
They gave you that quote just because they didnt want to work on it its sorta a nice way if saying when hell freezes over
Insanity - always check with 2-3 dealerships, trust no one!
Sounds like a bunch of b s. What if it was a rental and someone just returned and never said anything who would know.
Maybe the new business model for EVs should then be leasing battery packs (probably a terrible idea). EV owners can have the chance to replace their battery packs free of charge in this case and let the car company take the risk, with a subscription fee of course (or be part of their insurance premium specific to EVs). Or they can buy off the car as it is.
Just get a Tesla.  Forget these other brands
Buy a Tesla
That's why China has the big EV graveyards, Much bigger than your football fields!
Damaged Electric cars mirror dead cell phones just a much larger problem to deal with…
Many of us tried to tell you for years but no one would listen: 1.) Those people who have tried to shove the climate change crisis  scam down everybody's throats are known liars. Before this they lied about global warming. Before that they lied about the ozone crisis. Before that it was the energy crisis. Before that it was the coming ice age crisis. How many more times do you people have to be lied to before you wake up? 2.) I am all for protecting the enbirmint, why would any sane person not want to protect our environment? However it is beyond ridiculous to believe electric cars will save the environment from anything. People tell you that mining for oil and other fossil fuels is destroying the earth. But mining for the necessary materials to make massive batteries is not destroying the earth? For the love of god, wake up. I am begging you people wake your asses up. Stop allowing yourself to be lied to. This is all nothing more than a massive attempt to reshape western civilization into something bizarre and tyrannical that suits the  desires of the globalist who wish to control your lives. Jesus, it is right in front of you.
We owe the data we are right now with all the information on the video  In all the blue we have how people is to buy those garbage
It's not impossible for the repairs to cost more than the vehicle at the vehicle was paid for with government subsidies.
That can't be right. It says the battery is 6,649.98 in list and net. Then a additional 50k gets added on?
you drank the bad kool-aid, never buy what the government is selling
This is a good video. I am a mechanic and EV enthusiast that will be covering this. The battery protective cover is glued on with structural adhesive and made from a composite glass fibre material. You guys made a great video and deserve the views
How on earth could you not be aware of this?  Electric cars have never been anything but a fraud for the gullible.
I had a cat that was bad on my car. Brand new it was like 3k. Had to put a new differential in it too. Would have been $2,400 but got one used. That is actually insane in all regards. How is this any better for the environment?
Any other EV company except Tesla doesn't have anywhere as much vertical integration for their assembly, nor enough battery supply to create enough EVs - let alone repair them. Of course the battery replacement cost for non-Tesla EV will be insane, by comparison the replacement for a model 3/y is around 12-14k last i checked from customer receipts. Still very expensive, but nowhere as bad as this
Hyundai Canada is full of shit. Go over a speed bump and lose 60k.   Yeah no.     Tesla and Chevy don't have this issue.    This is a Hyundai ripoff.   Saying that this is other manufacturers issue is unfair.
This is nothing new.  In 1979 I purchased a brand new VW Diesel Rabbit.  It went 30,000 miles and stopped on the freeway.  My 1971 Chevrolet C10 came to pick me up and it had over 100,000 miles on it.  I called VW of America and got basically the same story you victim got.  Needless to say I have stuck with Chevrolet ever since.
Thank You for documentary. Bring some light about this scamers
Did the insurance company not realize that the quote was a typo.  It was quantity one of the battery at 6649.98 then 1x6649.98 should be 6649.98 Not 56649.98.  That battery would be around 10K installed.   The insurance company should have noticed that.
You know where this would not have happened? China. There’s a lesson in this for you Kyle.
I do not believe that the battery is damaged.  The owner should get a second opinion from an expert independent source and evaluate the Hyundai service manual as it relates to battery damage and performance. Impacted is a very general word. Every time a car hits a bump impacts occur. Batteries are designed to be robust and survive minor road hazards. The structure of the vehicle was not penetrated and the vehicle performed normally afterwards. Batteries are not mysterious or magical and the basic design has been around for over 100 years. The only hocus pocus is a greedy dealer trying to fleece a novice owner out of money. That is irresponsible and disappointing.
Used to think buying a EV is go to the environment, it’s all marketing traps from the manufacturers. 8-10 years down the road the abandoned EV carcasses would be everywhere on earth and do unimaginable damage to earth as it can be seen all over China now.
No Hyundai for me ever. Unacceptable and shocking.
These EV buyers are like biden supporters,they know biden is garbage but still keep voting for him
Only idiots buy EVs!
Hyundai have the worst customer service, my friend's tucson 2020 took 3 weeks to repair as battery check light was on. Part came from korea.
The dealership is a scam
Scam.  Battery is available multiple places for about 32k.  The battery also didn't need to be replaced.
Remeber Murphy's Law No. 5 "it is immoral to leave te $ with the suckers....."
The WEF and our governments don’t want us to drive private vehicles. Until we understand that and resist they will continue to make driving more expensive and inaccessible.
I drove an electric car for a short time…..trust me don’t buy one more headache than anything
Another reason NOT to buy an EV. Good luck all u climate fear mongers.  Love my 7.3l gas motor. 60k pays for a lot of gasoline...even at $5/gal.
At dealership you'll pay double even for oil change but you don't notice it. Only when it comes to more expensive things like battery. If the oil costs 60$ at dealership you'll pay 120$. They need money to pay all these people that waste time doing nothing in these dealerships. Every time I'm going there, there are a bunch of employees that are doing nothing, only drinking coffee. So be careful where you change your parts.
ALL DEALERSHIPS ARE CROOKS!!!!🤬😡
I would question that the battery protection panel did not do it's job and it is faulty of Hyundai to sell such a car that isn't properly protected.  If Kyle didn't go to the dealership for inspection and it did burst into flames in a parade and cause serval fatalities then what for Hyundai?
Another reason not to go electric if you need one.
If you search for the body part code "37501-GI351" you'll see that the part costs only 32k$, the problem comes when you take it from the dealership. I had an VW Jetta Hybrid, to dealership the battery replacement costs around 8000$ a only 1kwh battery. But I found other service that replaced it with original battery for only 2000$. So 4x more price added by dealership to pay their "Professional Employees" Usually dealerships have to pay a lot of employees that are not doing anything. This is where these extremely big prices comes from. I also checked my invoices and found that they also added 2x price to the oil they changed while doing the revision. I'll never go to that dealership.
You know it’s wrong with cars today and SUVs and trucks? You can’t fix them every part is Gotta be replaced can’t be fixed anymore so everything is throw away and throw away means more expensive in some cases like when Apple build something he can upgrade so when it’s done, it’s useless we are a throwaway society that’s costing us more in the long run. We have to change that.
stories like this will hurt Hyundai so much.... they will continue to lose sales. In a competitive auto market, with already so many options for EV, PLUS the fact that Hyundai has a long history of knocking engines, burning oil, low quality build materials in their gasoline models... I foresee them being in big trouble soon! Kia to follow quickly behind. Wake up Hyundai!!
Stay away from Kia and Hyundai at any cost. Should have gone with a Tesla ❤
Cheap entry point but high maintenance and repairs.  That's how the car brand "commits suicide" their sales.
There is no long term future for EVs . Even at half the price the replacement battery cost is excessive and unaffordable by the average car owner. Furthermore who in their right mind would buy a secondhand EV.
It’s amazing how “going green” means having to replace a mildly damaged car instead of getting it repaired. We’re all being duped.
surely they can check tthe batteries and just replace the cover if the valuable bits are ok imagine having to replace your engine because your bumper had dent
Please use your common sense, and purchase a Tesla.
Bet the dealer has a buyer for the car only an idiot would buy an EV
Hmmm!  They must be made by Apple.
👍👍💯🇺🇸 Great unbiased reporting.  My take on EV’s remains unchanged, I will not buy one anytime soon.
Take it to Electrified Garage and get another opinion
Yet another reason not to own an EV
I really don’t want my insurance premiums to skyrocket because of crazy battery prices. Seems the ICE vehicles and EV vehicles should have completely different risk profiles. ICBC take note!
Put your EV where a squirrel puts his nuts.
I have to assume electronics technicians that can work on electric vehicles are slim across the entire industry. That particular dealership may not have anyone qualified to say the battery is okay.
It really was never about the environment was it?
Great reporting as always Zack and Andrea. What I feel will be helpful to share with your viewers - is perhaps the cost of ownership of an EV. Information such as, what are current costs today by some leading car manufacturers of their batteries. What is the monthly cost to charge an EV, based on an average 20k driving a year. I am sure since all manufacturers are now offering EV’s, people should know before buying an EV, what’s the replacement costs of the battery. Also I believe a good article that will help everyone, is if an EV has so many less parts than a regular gas car, why is it so expensive, as common sense dictates the less parts that goes into making anything, the cheaper it is or is it, or isn’t it because of the actual cost of the battery …that I believe will be an interesting article. Thanks as always as I truly enjoy watching you guys….keep them coming.
Fuckin reap-off
Avoid EVs totally
The real issue is ICBC they are a cash cow for the BC government, a road hazard should not affect his insurance he is being scammed by ICBC and he should be hiring a lawyer to deal with ICBC. Also, buy a Toyota.
I would of bought the car of the insurance company for peanuts plus the cash ££££ quids in
Should had be inspected, taking it to the dealer is like loosing the car, the battery shouldn't had nothing to do with the battery other than a cover🤣 if you have to buy another with discount it'll be one that had the same type of accident they'll remove the battery and install another one in, it's all corruption
I just dont understand why the tech at the dealer didnt remove the skid shield? And why THEY didn't contact Hyundai Canada support.  I've worked at Ford dealerships my whole working career and can honestly say a lot of the people working in them have no business near cars.  Did the owner actually have issues with the car? Just curious why it was brought to them in the first place.
Green Energy Lmao 🤣
Kyles first mistake was not knowing basic mechanics., just remove the cover and have a look for your self
Imagine the impact on the EV second hand market 😮
Really, a 60,000 Hyundai???  There are so many better cars out there for less than 60K.
No way the battery costs $60K, If it did, a new car would cost at least $90K.  This is a complete scam by either the dealership or Hyundai,  probably both.
Car dealers are a big scammers.
Electric vehicles are an absolute scam, and I don't understand why governments are so obsessed with pushing them so hard.  Some day we'll find out how the money trail somewhere led to society being in this situation.
I view EV owners as communist/socialists….Enemies of the United States of America….My advice to them,leave this nation now
6:54
Seems like a terrible deal going bad⁷
Hyundai... enough said
I have said this from the beginning,but stupid people just keep doing stupid stuff….I am a mechanic and engineer….But common sense advice means zero these days….Yeah,go vote for Biden again….How he got there
The 60kW LFP battery in my brand new Tesla Model 3 RWD costs under $17,000 fitted, including GST in Australia. Another reason why Tesla will continue to smash legacy automakers.
One disadvantage here in the lower 48 is the max highway speeds that are resulting in semi tractor trailer rigs peeling tires left and right. These huge chunks of rubber are littering our highways with no consequence to the trucking companies leaving hazards galore on our roadways. That said, batteries in EV`s should be shielded well enough that road hazard damage can only result from severe accidents with associated undercarriage or upper body damage. The battery is equivalent to the fuel cell and it must be protected from lethal failure during any driving situation. This should become part of the safety consideration and rating for individual models, and this can be mandated by law since overall safety is at stake. Foisting that liability onto the customer/owner by selling a poor design and refusing to honor the warranty is a cop-out by Hyundai. As far as the replacement cost, that is ridiculous and Hyundai is going to have to get that under control if it wants to sell any more EV`s.
If damage to the protective cover voids the warranty, then it serves no purpose. Be aware there is no environmental advantage to EVs. Seems like they are completely pointless then.
I would not think twice. no way would I get an ev
We all kinda already expected that.
Just drive it. Your warranty is just void.
I will never buy an EV.
ummm not sure this true.... google it
The cover is designed to take hits and scratches. That’s why it’s there.
theres got to be some insurance dealer adjuster scam thing going on here deeper than the surface… unless the cost of the battery is really 56k then this goose is cooked
Who would buy a car with ANY component of that car costing that much?!
Selling cars at a loss, someone is making money somewhere, question is who.
Don’t buy a EV . That’s what the bottom line is,
Here in Norway they've made it very favourable to buy an electric car for several years through subsidies, taxes and incentives, pushing people into buying electric cars instead of fossil fuel cars. But as the sales of electric cars have soared, the government have pulled back on the benefits, making it gradually more expensive to buy and maintain an electric car. With Teslas especially enjoying good sales I'm sure there will be a massive outcry in a few years as batteries no longer charge properly and sufficiently and the warranty has expired. Replacing the battery packs are massively expensive and there are even people who've resorted to scrapping their cars because it's not worth it to replace the battery. This whole situation is crazy. Using electricity was supposed to lessen the load on the climate, but it looks like EV is a whole lot worse compared to the old alternative. Even borderline scam if they can't do a battery replacement on the cheap and the car has to be scrapped. This fad has not been thought through well enough and consumers/car owners are the ones literally paying the price.
Lmao electric vehicles never designed to handle even a snowball
This is one good reason not to buy a battery or hybrid powered vehicle. It costs more to replace the batteries than the cars are worth !!!!!!!!!!!!
U would think the negative press would be more costly than replacing the car for these customers. What good is a protective cover if it getting damaged is what voids ur warranty? As a Korean person, Hyundai has been such a disappointment. My wife and I both had an elantra. My car had an issue and had to change cars. The Hyundai dealership didn't want to buy the car back. I got a fair price from another dealership. Get that...Hyundai didn't want their own car back. They are not very confident with their own vehicle. We have decided never ever to purchase Hyundai again. My car wasn't even that old to have the problems it had.
EV’s are such a bad environmental choice
Get paid out, buy the car back for a few thousand and keep driving it
If the battery cost 56000$ than the rest of the car was free.
The cover is scratched not dented. Just more corruption
Why the hell would anyone in their right mind want to buy a car with batteries that cost way more than car brand new?  I think it's the DUMBEST thing EVER!!
Lesson learned…electric is a joke and should have never bought, on a happy note…you weren’t hurt or burnt.
Hopefully Kyle gets compensated at a fair rate. How much depreciation on a 1 year old EV will be interesting.
Well this is capitalism EVERYONE is trying to scam you, dealers, companies and insurance twice, they all are just in existence to scam you out of money. Never trust them. Also many dealerships hate EV or see them as an easy way to milk people because so many people within the infrastructure don't know anything even within hyundai, so they jack up prices into insanity.
This is absolute nonsense from Hyundai and the dealership. Also, road hazards are present, and if it is that easy to destroy a battery, then I would stay away from ev's.
To replace the petrol in my tank... £80. 😆
Stephen Guilbeault would see no problem with this math. He would consider it a bargain and offer a federal subsidy to the EV car owner, at taxpayer expense.
I'm buying a car next year and this convinced to buy a hybrid 🙅🏾‍♂️.
Written off for a scratched battery cover!? Scandalous!  Remember, EV's are the future and are much greener than your ICE car... Don't think my car would be written off while fully functional... a bloody scratch!
Geez take the insurance...buy a real gas car, lesson learned...it's a scam.
??? Why didn't the mechanic remove the cover, check the battery, if said battery is ok, replace the cover....this is nuts...
Thats why you dont buy Hyundai .. they suck.  Either Honda, Ford or Tesla.
Ha just like an airbag going off in a shopping car fender bender you car is a write off. Enviromentally sound practice? or a rort
Feel sorry for Kyle.  But here is the issue - and I've seen a similar story from a YouTuber here in the UK with a Porsche Taycan. You take your EV to a dealership with some POTENTIAL damage to the battery because of some underbody 'collision'.  They look and see some kind of damage to the bottom of the vehicle.  At that point they do NOT want to say that 'all is good' - just repair the underbody shield - because they simply do not have the expertise to verify if the battery is fine AND they do not want to risk the downstream risk of a fire caused by a damaged battery in your vehicle.  So they take the path of least risk... replace the battery at a frankly stupid cost. SERIOUSLY How can a new battery cost more than the cost of a new vehicle?  Really?
So let me get this straight.  The car is totaled. Probably sent to a junk/scrap yard, for such minor damage... and EV's are supposed to be "environmentally friendly"?
Mark my words. Within 10 years there'll be EV's rotting on the sides of roads, backyards and wreckers yards and we'll all be driving IC vehicles again.
Don’t worry you should buy an electric car. What could go wrong 🙄
We have owned a Chevy Volt(Plug in) for over 6 years. Bought it new and love it to pieces. We are getting older and we need a larger EV Vehicle, plus we can get a charge along the road today. Our choice was an IONIQ 5. Not so much anymore, thanks for this hope you get it sorted!
My qestion would be, what happened to the car once it was written off as there must be great value in the car
Bottom line:   DON"T BUY AN EV.!!!
Lessons  learned don't  by battery  EV  Ban them completely  till it's a spare parts and all warranty  to cover completely
If he would have just bought a basic bitch 20,000.00 Hyundai Accent he'd still have a car.
now you know why NOT to buy a EV..wake up and smell the coffee
If an EV battery costs this much, I'd want it encased in a bullet proof shell, not something made of chocolate.
WE NEED MORE CLEAN CARBON (NOT LESS) NORTH AMERICA IS STILL IN THE LAST STAGES OF ICE AGE / DO NOT LISTEN TO PEOPLE THAT TELL YOU WE NEED LESS CARBON,THAT A FALSE STATEMENT
Buying an electric car is a scam already.
For sure that car is going to an auction, will be purchased and given a good coat of wax before it's put on a used car lot before the end of the year.
Did anybody catch it’s clearly a typo ? Are really people really that dumb for not catching it on this video
clearly these vehicles were just produced for either emission requirements or as tech demos with no customer support backend. how can a battery cost more than a production car? the math on that is so egregious that these cars were either simply never meant to be serviced or possibly it was hoped service would not be required on them until they are further along into EV development that batteries are cheaper, which does nothing for paying customers today.
It's a SCAM! A mega giga SCAM! All EV's are a SCAM!
100% they want to buy back his car resell it and do it all over again. They don’t even care if he buys another one. They got him and he let it happen. Keep in mind Hyundai is known to be the first car company with 100,000 mi warranty. Obviously not Evs. How ironic
It is good that you take up this young man’s case and try to alleviate the issues he has with the vehicle.For 60,000 dollars I can replace the gasoline engine in a variety of vehicles powered by multi-cylinder engines.  I could likely get a new transmission tossed in. Or I could go to a dealership and find a low mileage lease turn in for half of the battery price. I am elderly and an automotive engineer now retired.  I will not be buying an EV or Hybrid and will gently use my 6 cylinder Cadillac until I depart the planet.
These politicians that want us to be all electric in the near future are fools as are the people that buy them till the insurance and auto makers are reeled in from their greed.
I am in Montreal. I was in ligne for an Ioniq5. In the meantime my wife got a Tucson PHEV and we had so many crazy issues with the Hyundai dealership service (issues like the car with 3000km and the engine alert light coming up from time to time and the dealer just told me to just ignore it and if I did not want to ignore they could scan the engine for $400 not covered by warranty!!. Another issue.. after an oil change the oil leaked completely on my garage and it was because they misplaced the cap under the engine..). I obviously gave up the Ioniq….  We bought a Tesla Y and I could not be more happier. My wife’s Tucson still strong but I need to have it checked in a dealer in the other corner of the city.. …it’s for sure my last Hyundai and it’s a shame dealers are so badly prepared.. I had 3 Hondas in a row before and the dealer service were always amazing.
i wouldve just kept driving the thing
I love my gas guzzling pickup
I have been driving 53 years. I have spent maybe 20,000 In fuel, tires, and repairs of my car's & truck's.
Buy a NIO with battery swipe, you will never ever have a batter issue, always have a health battery likes new.
Come on, this is a beatup. Look at the invoice. Where did the extra $ 50000 dollars in the cost of the battery come from ?  The car owner probably made a big song and dance about the scratch, and was then too embarrased to admit his mistake.
Never listen to a Service Department, Service Advisor or Manager.... talk directly to the Technician. Always make their Diagnostic credible and Liable.  This makes EV"s 10000% useless
EVs have always been luxury golf carts. Moreover, someone finally figured out how to get suckers to pay a years salary for a disposable car.
Real green....1 yr old n all that toxic crap in the ground so they can dig up more lithium, nickel, ect with machines that use more oil a day than a gas car in a year
Just like the power tools that we all use nowadays! 😣
That why I have a cheap Mitsubishi Mirage 2024. It's so cheap to replace I won't have any trouble to replacement it cost wise. Long term go Toyota or Honda overall their the best reliable cars out there. Can't go wrong with Corolla,Camry,Accord or Civic. Their some model of the Toyota Corolla 2007-2008 had issue but, you just need to do you research you will be fine.
Another dealer ripping people off, not surprised really!
#1 - Don't buy a Hyundai #2 - Don't buy an EV
lol EVS are a joke..
Helps in the decision-making to switch to an EV or HEV, to calculate total cost of ownership before doing the jump. I did. The fuel savings aren’t worth it right now. For now, I’m sticking to ICE
Under these condition, there is ABSOLUTELY no environmental advantage to an EV.   This situation would discourage or eliminate any individual from buying a used EV.  Kyle could have simply sold the vehicle to a private party or a  used car dealership who was not aware of the consequences of a minor scratch on the battery cover.  Battery impact is what the cover is supposed to prevent and the manufacturer's battery protection cover has failed to do its' job.   The message is; Anyone considering buying a new EV, expect to enjoy your vehicle up to 5 years until it is deemed to be worthless.   At the end of 5 years, you will receive nothing for your vehicle and will need to pay the full cost of a new vehicle.  For anyone considering the purchase of a used EV;  WALK AWAY. This is a nightmare for the environment and a far greater threat to the environment than a gas powered vehicle.
And they want us all to believe these cars will save the planet. Yet, every time any damage to the car or battery they total them and send to landfill.
A visible scratch, no apparent investigation by the dealer, a voided warranty (apparently without corporate involvement), a now former Hyundai customer, and what appears to be worldwide bad press for Hyundai. It would appear that a single dealership employee has far more power than anyone ever dreamed of.   The seemingly smart response from Hyundai would have been to agree that battery shouldn't cost more than the purchase price of the car. But no, Hyundai seemed to infer that battery pricing was fluid, which is rather frightening. Thus largely leaving the impression that Hyundai was good with the battery price quoted.  This is ridiculous.   No one apparently, not even Hyundai Corporate,  knows if there was actually something wrong with the battery.  This is pathetic.  It takes a long time to build up a reputation...about 10 seconds to destroy it.
Another reason I will not give in to the push to rob us. I will continue to drive my 1962 Chevy 4x4 truck.
Hahahaha 😂 i rather keep my car and keep using fuel instead of having this stupid ridiculous new models like Telsa and others models that are useless, worthless and smartless 💩💩😂😂🤣🤣
First mistake buying an overpriced EV. They are 10 years from matching ice cars according to Toyota .... ice fuels up in 3 minutes and you get 700 to 800km range, tow 1500kg, and fill anywhere. EV, half the actual range, no tow ability, and you have to wait hours to charge, and the ev batteries are an expensive joke. EV are overpriced golf carts. Enjoy our fumes ev owners, we have 720 ice cars in our fleet and no plans to change.
One thing I love about my tesla is swapping out the battery pack is fairly cheap. Around 15k
EV cars are such trash 🗑️
Don’t buy electric
So much for Hyundai/KIA best in class warranty
Why on earth would anyone buy a Hyundai?
Stay away from EVs, they are not the future.
What a nightmare
This EV thing is a scam
Lmao! Saving the planet, one new car headed to the dump one new battery headed to the dump. I hope some of these Democrats don't burn up in their damaged battery cars😅😂
What? This is ridiculous. That surface scratch on the cover means the BATTERY IS DAMAGED.  Im hating Hyundai becaue of the shit warranty issues with my personal but this is next level SHIT
Yeah this sounds like a knee jerk policy reaction - it seems probable that the battery was fine (I don't think Kyle saw any degrade in functionality?). Certainly worthy of further investigation. Also that pricing is ridiculous - sure the battery is the most expensive part on an EV but over time the proportion of cost of the battery is reducing (as new cheaper technology becomes available) - and I have heard that for some cars it treading below 40% of the total car cost (eventually it will be more like 25%). In the meantime the EV companies need to support their customers, otherwise they are going to lose sales.
And we're supposed to think EVs are more environmentally friendly?
Get a Tesla.
This is why EV's are NOT the future. He has 2 choices, buy a new battery and the old dead battery goes where? Dismantled in China? Goes to a landfill? Or he buys a new car, in which case that perfectly good car without a battery sits rotting away at a junkyard. EV's are made with cobalt and lithium.. open a new tab and search for "cobalt mine" and then "lithium mine" and then tell me how this is better for the environment, also most of the cobalt in the world is mined by children in Africa. Elon knows EV is not the future but bets on it anyways because its making him rich.  Gas vehicles will basically last forever if you do proper maintenance.
The list price for the battery on the dealer invoice as shown is $6649.98.  The dealer is marking the battery uo $50000 to $56,649.98.
I won’t be buying a ionic 5 anytime soon..😂
Oh, I think I know what happened here and should make anyone angry. It reminds me of when I had a issue with my gas furnace and the "repairman" came out and said I need a whole new unit, for 17,000 dollars. I said thanks, I don't have 17,000 in my pocket, so he said "Well, we are running specials and I can probably do it for 14,000". To which I said, NOPE. And what did he say?  He told me that he could just "red tag" my furnace and call the gas company and they would be required to shut off my gas". Now, the first thing that crossed my mind was telling him "that's going to be hard to do if they find your body floating in the river", but, I kept my cool and told him to kindly get the F off my property. I called another company and they walked me through a 20 dollar part, that I installed MYSELF, fixing my furnace.   Are you understanding what I am getting at here? Kyle has car looked at, NOBODY looks at the battery, but says YOU NEED A NEW ONE. Now take note, this is pretty new battery, with a lot of software that determines how that battery is doing, at NO TIME did the cars computer detect any abnormal battery situation and the DEALER never said they FOUND any. They just said, 61,000, pay up   Well, of course, everyone thought this was going to be an insurance issue, think about it, you strike an object with your vehicle, you have insurance, they MUST repair your vehicle or cut you a check for it's value BEFORE the accident. Kyle decides to NOT pay for the repairs and what does the dealer do? Remember my furnace repair guy? Ya, the dealer THREATENS to void your warranty and call the car damaged by accident. Good luck selling it or trading it later. That's the THREAT to get you to pay the 61,000 dollars.   Kyle is stuck here, because the answer is, that battery is probably PERFECT, there are some scrapes on the underside protector, just like on ALL CARS. Don't believe me, crawl under yours but he is at the mercy, now, of dealers and insurance companies and it's not Hyundai's fault.   99.9% chance, if Kyle had NEVER taken that car to that dealer, he would be driving a perfectly good car and his insurance would be the same.   I would have taken it to another place, that deals with repairs and threatened a lawsuit, because I am pretty sure that car's battery is NOT damaged.
I'm hung up on this: If the battery and associated parts cost C$58, 249.48 and a new Ionic costs C$60,000, Hyundai is saying that the total value of the rest of the parts in the vehicle are only worth C$1,750.48.   I find that difficult to belive.  Even with the retail mark-up (I've been an auto parts manager for 20+ years), and accounting for any government subsidies, that number still does not make sense. And that does not take into account the shipping and labor cost to assemble the vehicle.   Something stinks like fraud here.  Edited to add: There will also be a huge labor charge to remove the battery and dispose of it.  If the battery tests good, it will be resold as a used part.  If not, it has to be disposed of as hazardous waste, which itself is expensive, and incentivizes the scrapper to pass marginal parts. This is shady in any light.
My friend showed me a receipt for a US$30,000 battery replacement in 2022. That’s a $30,000 battery replacement every 70,000 miles.       I have 165,000 miles on my car. If I had an EV, I’d be on my ~third battery~.      Assuming I sell my car today at 165,000 miles, let’s figure the “fuel cost” for both the EV and GV options.       It is a “given” that charging an EV vehicle costs about 1/3 the price of gas; as EV owners have discovered—electricity is not free.       And we’ll figure on gas at $5/gal even though Trump’s gas prices was less than $2. (And this doesn’t take into account the escalating prices of EV batteries, or discontinued EV subsidies in the near future.)  EV at 165,000 miles x ($5/gal. x 0.33 charge cost) = $272,250  / 30 miles/chg unit (mpg equivalent) = $9,075 (charge cost)  + $60,000 (two EV batteries) = $69,075 total fuel cost.   GV at 165,000 miles  x $5/gallon = 825,000 / 30mpg  = $27,500 total fuel cost ———————————————- Extra EV fuel cost: $41,575 (And people say they buy an EV to save on gas! It’s like buying two cars!) 🚗
Just deserts...for buying into this grift...lol
Lesson learn: NO EV
I don't like EVs and this is even more of a reason not to like EVs. Hire them don't buy them. Let the hiring business deal with it.
EV vehicles suck period.😉
That is why i buy American and gas not EV. Gas powered is cheaper.
well, it's Canada, what do you expect? F-Ret4rdל
Is it possible to not scratch the cover?
Ev’s the biggest lie ever
Electric cars are all garbage don’t waste your money on that go get a small car and you will save money .
Great video but I noticed at the end of that you said that the company Hyundai will keep you in the loop  But they bothered not to reply to a straightforward question what is the purpose of having a battery cover protector that if the protector gets a scratch on it That they don’t go to any type of diagnostics to actually see if the battery was damaged in any way shape or form.  It’s always in the best interest of the company if the insurance company buys OK another car from them  I think Kyle would be foolish to even consider buying another EV, or let’s face it bang for the buck you were getting a lot more value if you were buying a gas car and the money like you say, possibly in the short term with gas, you’re going to pay in about five or six years when you were ready to get a new car and your car  ev is worth nothing
Buy a tesla i love mine .
How can just one component of a car cost more than the entire car?  That's crazy.
When you show the quote for the repair the price of the battery is $6649.98 at cost. How come the price at the dealer is suddenly $56649.98. I smell a typo here. The number 6649.98 is the same in both columns. What's different is the $ sign is missing in the first but if the person typing hit "5" instead of "shift4" ie "$" you have your outrageous number. It is, of course, always possible that your BC "alibaba and the forty garage proprieters" could decide to charge more than eight times the original cost. I think I'd go back and ask them to justify an 800% markup. The installation expense doesnt seem out of line IMHO.  I also don't see a number of batteries quoted so I'm assuming, always dangerous I know, that the price quoted is for one battery as is the "cost" of the one battery.
How about inconvenience of having to find a charging station and waiting sometimes hours to recharge ? Crazy. The answer has been in front of us for Decades ! Hybrids ! Half gas , Half battery. Just make sure the battery will be easy and reasonable to replace, and not make your insurance rates go UP !!
Only demented people buy evs. Yes ev can be the future but only until we are able to harnest the power of a mini sun here on earth. Until than , keep on wasting your money.
Should have stuck with tried and tested ICE
Don't buy Hyundai  .
Don't make it as if it only apply's to only Hyundai. All EV has same issue and Tesla did not comment when asked and Elon musk mentioned that the company offers premium thrd party insurance company.
People need to consider this fact it normally an electric vehicle takes approximately 3 to 4 years to become carbon neutral to offset the energy used to produce it.  Nobody seems to care that they are throwing a perfectly good car away.  Then what happens if you manage to go five years without going over a little bump in the road that could scratch your cover Know your battery is five years old and it’s at the end of its life.  Do you think you’re gonna get anything for the resale value no.  The reply from Jennifer McCarthy was lame and does not address the point that a battery causing $60,000 plus EV vehicles have other hidden costs like after needing to change out the brakes and rotors every year or two because they are hardly being used because of the one pedal gas and braking.  Also though with Kyle, what kind of insurance do you have in BC? This cannot be his first accident why would they take away his total good driving record and increases insurance by double with  only having one accident  I had an accident last year and mine insurance is going up from $1200 a year to $1400 a year for five years
EV are not worth it
So, EV is a write-off, after pretty much any accident except minor ones. Or just after 8..10 years of normal usage. This is the brave new world we live in.
And the govt will be forcing us to buy EVs by 2035.  No thanks.  If I was Kyle, I would of walked away and continued to drive the car.
Don’t buy Hyundai car buy Toyota 😂Canada buy gasoline cars too cold to charge battery
How long was the battery warranty?? 12 months? That's insane.
Hyundai has lost the plot. The really really bad public relations that their action costs way more than the savings. If battery costs are so high then someone is profiteering. Sorry Hyundai, you have lost my business as you make your vehicles unprofitable to maintain.
Just looking at the battery cover I think it's too weak...if a sheet of relatively thin metal is the protection it should be re-enforced to take minor impacts it appears this is NOT the case. I wish there was a better explanation of what exactly was impacted like was it a 2x4 or large rock...what exactly was run over and what was the testing procedure by the manufacture of this protective cover. AND they call it a "protective cover", what exactly is it rated to protect against? Like if you happen to run over a 2-3 inch rock and it shoots out under your car and dents the protective cover will the battery need possible replacement?
bottom line dont buy hyundai electric
Don’t buy electric !   Unless it’s a golf cart !
So the list price  was $6649  and the net  was the same? Thats the real cost. How is that being charged? Sounds to me the dealer tried to rob this man and if thats the case, should lose their license. I worked in dealerships so I know what they do.  In 2018 or 19, we had a 2008 Hybrid prius we bought from an auction. It needed a ev battery. I called Toyota and they told me $9000. We Bought the car for 6800. China makes them for cheap so it has to be greed. Thats $50,000 markup.
tell us you bought the wrong EV without saying you bought the wrong EV.  🤣
60000 CAD$??? That’s insane ! How is that possible? All the prices I’ve seen so far for a full battery replacement on an EV car is between 8000 (Renault Zoe) to 30000 (Tesla Model S) at most.  But if his car is now considered out of warranty, I’d suggest Kyle to go to electric specialized car repair centers that are able to fix batteries directly without having to replace the full pack in a large range of situations.
Totaled by buying a stupid car -  May be the buyer deserves to take it up the tailpipe  !
So just to be clear, where did the 5 come from in the quote.   That’s the 5 in the $50,000 part.   The list price and the net price both indicate only $6,649.98  Looks like click bait for social media.   Sounds to me like a bunch of Karen’s talking BS.
Any gas savings is right out the door
I hope you realize that the endgame is all about forcing the general public out of personal vehicle ownership. You will own nothing, and you better be happy.
I love my gas 2009 honda fit, which cost me $5500 Canadian. 😊
The ridiculous Electric Toy Car Experiment...
This is grade A bs, there is NO way the battery on it's own costs more than the whole car. The fact it's listed at that price suggests something nefarious going on.
I don't think it's about it being an EV. Never, ever, trust a dealership service department. I would immediately get that diagnosed at another dealership and shop them against each other. Dealerships make more off of service than sales. This is also why right to repair is so important. A certified, specialized independent mechanic can't help with warranty work. Just to pull diagnostic codes codes costs unbelievable amounts for the software. All recent vehicles have lovely touchscreens, and the codes are on the car. Display them there? Nope - never. The industry needs to give itself a long navel stare and decide who its customers are.
Manufacturer should have replaced the car. Terrible dealership, even worse response from in-country manufacturer representative. I would sue.
So why would anyone in Canada buy this car knowing you would never run over anything on the road in BC 😵‍💫😵‍💫😵‍💫
EV's are not the answer unless we can harness the electrical frequency naturally from the earth and do away with batteries
"Burglars "
I had to Lemon Law my 2022 Kona N. Fantastic car but it had horrible steering issue. They bought the car back but I was out $3,500 for the attorney fees.
$60,000 for a battery is an absolute ripoff when the whole car new, is worth less than that. Furthermore, the dealer obviously never had anyone with any real mechanical knowledge look at the damage and it seems that the dealer either didn’t know what they were looking at or just wanted to make a big profit by selling a massively overpriced battery. This isn’t an EV problem, it’s a greedy dealer/manufacturer problem.  Say if I dented the roof of my car, the dealer can’t repair it as they just sell bolt on parts (yes, I know a body shop could repair it). In a case similar to this they could, quote to replace the whole body of the car, which is just as stupid as replacing a whole battery due to a scratch to the protective tray.
HAVE USE SEEN THE EXCESS EV CARS IN CHINA JUST SITTING OUTSIDE DOING NOTHING JUST GOING TO RUST AND WHAT HAPPENS TO THE BATTERY
If this is how you can expect to be treated after selling a kidney to buy an EV, I’m WELL OUT! I’ll stick with the diesel, cheers👍 I think Hyundai thought ol Kyle, or his parents, had more money than sense. Another spectacular own-goal from the shady EV manufacturers & I’ll bet that car finds its way back on the road with nothing more than a new “protective” undertray. & a new identity.
so much for these environmental cars where to replace battery cost more than the cars worth, so give me a good old petrol car which wont cost me more to fix an engine than what the cars worth a few years back in my old country  a lady brought a second hand EV from a dealer  for a good price after a couple of years the battery gave up the ghost so she was given a price which was going to be twice the price she payed for the car WOW SO MUCH FOR THE ENVIRONMENT, ALSO WHAT HAPENS TO THESE USELESS BATTERIES AFTER THERE OF NO USE
Yeah this is partially why I’ll never own a EV 😅
The only reason the battery is on the bottombis because thats where Elon Musk put it on Teslas.
With stories like these you'd be insane to buy a EV until battery technologies improve as the new sodium-ion batteries become available, these cost aren't sustainable
If the replacement battery cost $60,000 i wonder how much did she bought that new car.
Cases like this will upend the entire structure of ev purchases. Now the reticence for even considering an ev is at the forefront when walking up to the dealership. What is the replacement cost of a battery before you put down a deposit is a deal killer alone. Now were into the dark side of evs. Future evs will be lease only because it's practical, who wants to buy an ev when  after 3-5 years  there basically worthless? A disposable car is not an investment!  If going green is too expensive where's the win? Right now Hybrid is the answer and far more cost effective. This case is only scratching the surface of ev implementation. For now I'm holding off. Cheers Motormouth.
What I feel is really going on here is the dealership doesn't want to fix it and they're giving him the screw you rate. From my experience so far most of the traditional dealerships are very anti-ev. Funny thing is people lose their mind when this happens with cars but this is like a daily occurrence for Apple products.
Don't but an ev!
The battery is fine and you are being conned¬!!
The warranty is voided by a poorly designed battery protective cover.  Sounds like BS to me.  Just keep driving it until it catches fire.  Then sue Hyundai.  There is no way I would ever purchase an electric vehicle.
EV are design for dummies.
Not fit for purpose. Hyundai should never have marketted and sold an ev that has a $60K price tag. I've owned EVs since 2015. Will never buy this brand after seeing this.
Kyle is right. Buy a GV. EVs don’t make sense.  What good is it to buy a small EV to save fuel if the car costs $60,000? You are basically pre-paying for fuel.
Who buy th😊at car from sc not very smart😅
Sounds like Kyle is a scapegoat for how those batteries are dangerous. Live and learn drill baby drill
Amazing that they are allowed to use this logic: _"There was something in the road you couldn't avoid, so you're a bad driver and must pay more from now on."_
That is the rip off
Keep tour petrol and diesel engine cars
So, I just cancelled my Hyundai Ioniq I was too pick up today.  So you lost 1 of many sales I'm sure.  If they do not take care of their customers, then why buy their cars?
He said he trusted the dealership?????  omg hahahaha
It amazes me that people still do not think about the footprint of the battery creation and end of life and all of the charging in between. I see arrogant selfish people shoving their footprints to other places and being smug about it. We will not forget this.
Hahahahahahahahaha serves a dumb person right. I love stories like this. Don’t buy this crap.
You have got to be out of your mind to buy one of these after hearing this
Totaling a 1 year old vehicle because of a little damage to a skid plate is really saving the planet, eh? EV's are a scam perpetrated by corrupt politicians.
Every time I start to weaken and think about buying an EV I look at the cars in my little fleet of 3 and pass. I don't want to be subject to huge repair and battery costs not to mention  Insurance risk. My preferred repair shops are keeping them running fine ...the costs are minimal compared to going EV. Cars are 1972, 2002 and 2008. EDIT:But if I really got the urge I'd certainly look for maybe a 2021 Tesla Model 3... or a Polestar 2. Some very good Bargains out there.
Wait until his insurance company tells him that his premiums are going to go up even more as more fires are causing damage to the house or heaven forbid a fire at an underground parking lot at a hospital. The insurance companies are refusing to cover some EVs because they can cause so much damage while they are parked.
Between the dealership and mfg they must be marking the price up 10 X. Maybe Tesla has the right model about eliminating dealerships.
My brother is a motor mechanic, 70 years of age. He has never paid more than $4,000 Australian for any car. He has owned maybe 10 cars, and some he has bought for a few hundred and sold for thousands. 54 years of driving has cost maybe $25,000   He says he would never own an EV. Mining of metals has a huge carbon footprint print. A huge amount of electricity in Australia is coal powered.   If the owner of this Hyundai will have his insurance doubled for 10 years, and perhaps then take 10 years to get full no claim bonus etc again, he well may be far better off to carry the loss himself. Then buy a good old tried and tested Petrol powered car.
Pr people are evil say anything to protect theyre employer same with human resources people henchmen plain and simple both professions are scumbags
This is baloney, the average battery replacement cost in the U.S. is $153/kwh, so basically you were jipped. My son hit an unmarked curb and it cost $9800 not including labor, but he had battery replacement insurance, which covered the entire cost. I think you are biased against EV’s.
GVs only put out 33% more CO2 than the electrical charging of EVs. To make them equivalent, all we have to do is improve the gas mileage of GV‘s by 33%. That would be about 9mpg. So if we could just improve a Camry from 28 mpg’s to 37 mpg, we wouldn’t need EVs at all.      Improving the gas mileage of GVS should be a lot easier than totally destroying the GV industry. I bet Elon Musk could do it in his sleep.
We can all blame dealerships or Hyundai but the problem is EV cars….lots of things are not adding up the more you learn about the nature of EVs in all aspects from manufacturing maintenance even its touted green environmental stance EV lobbyist are pushing a green dream that’s full of pitfalls compromises serious issues and even deluded ideals at least in its current form of EV technology. I was excited about EVs in the very beginning but l see it’s not the bright advantageous green future as the propaganda would lead you to believe 😢
You know what cars run really well? ⛽ Gasoline cars , especially if you allow them to idle as long as you want because carbon dioxide is actually a good thing. You know which cars are really really really dumb ? Teslas .
Rip off
What is the carbon footprint on having to spend $60,000.00 dollars to replace batteries. You would need to earn $100,000.00 to clear that much. Conclusion. Electric vehicles are extremely hard on the environment, and apparently very dangerous. If that scratch could possibly lead to the vehicle exploding, what might happen in a fender bender. Sorry but no thanks.
I heard similar crazy prices to replace batteries for Lexus in Australia. Batteries last about 10 years only! This alone will make the second hand electric car market worthless!!!!
This is an issue with traditional auto makers that tried to make EVs recently. Basically, the dealerships and their technicians know fuck all about fixing EVs due to lack of adequate training, unavailability of parts due to low production volume, and/or bad engineering that makes it hard to fix the vehicle. People give Tesla a lot of shit for their $20k of battery replacement but traditional OEMs will charge two to three times as much for equivalent battery capacity. This case will make people think twice about buying non-Tesla EVs; most of them are still relatively new so you won’t see a lot of issues with them just yet but wait a few more years and the out of warranty repair costs will burn a hole in your wallet.   On another note, Hyundai’s statement at the end is fucking hilarious. “Sorry that we fucked you previously. How about you buy another vehicle from us at a slight discount so that we can fuck to it some more later on?” Lmao. The dude should have told them to fuck off.
How's that for saving the environment. Look at all the energy that was required to build the rest of the car!! Now just throw it away and build another one. It's like buying a gas powered truck and throwing it in the scrap metal pile when it's due for an oil change.
Here’s the problem: These batteries use precious metals. Economies of scale do not apply to precious metals. As the production increases; the prices increase.       Think of it like the precious metal gold. If everyone wants gold, the price goes up.
EV is a big LIE !! LOL
sound like that dealer was full of poop
people have to rise up and just refuse to buy these nightmares~!!!!
THIS IS WHY YOU DONT WANT TO BUY A ELECTRIC VEHICLE@!
I’ve been a “lone voice” screaming that these EV batteries are heavily subsidized, and new EVs will cost us well over $100,000 when the subsidies end.   Bottom line, after the globalists destroy the GV auto industry—you’re not going to be driving.
Well, Hyundai is off my consideration list.
if this is what owning a electric car is like,,,,,,,,i just don't know
What should have happened is you shouldn’t buy a crap car like that…….when a brand is known for having a history of mechanical write offs at a very low mileage and young age due to poor design and quite likely inbuilt obsolescence it should be avoided. Anyone buying such a product has been conned.
HYUNDAIs and ELECTRIC CARS SUCK!!!!!!
I think it's hilarious all you people think the EV are the only way wake up this is just another stunt our government wants to do to control us.
The invoice says $6600 not $56000. The price could have been truncated but it seems a more likely explanation is an error. $6600 seems like a more likely cost.
Other than my E scooter, I would not even be entertaining the thought of buying any EVs as of now.
I've been telling American people about this same problem that,s to start with 6 sets of tires a year fixing brakes catching fire less miles the more you charge it battery start to weaken not to speak of taking so long to get to where you won't to go on a long trip because of changing takes longer to charge and good luck finding a charging station
Guess sales will take a big nose dive.
The dealer has an inherent conflict of interest here and should never have been involved.  The dealer states the (ridiculous) price and states the warranty is void if you don’t replace the battery,  knowing they will fully profit from the repair, with no recourse for the car owner.  Hyundai  better take notice as should ICBC
God bless my Tundra 5.7.
Total BS on Hyundai’s part, with those minimal scratches on the cheap plastic $60000.00 battery protector, looks like another dealer scam just to make money off the part/battery. EV..no thanks..insane!!
The problem with this is the ledger doesn't make any sense, it looks like a clerical error in the price.    List price is 6649, ordered 1, that does not equate to $60,000
Why would anyone want one of these nightmares? And they can catch fire any time? ,no, I will never be willing to get something, that is so expensive and dangerous, to save the emission of a fart,.
Why would a claim affect his driving record? There’s something wrong there.
NEVER buy electric. You will lose.
Insurance paid me 10hr to replace this.
Look, replacement parts have ALWAYS been where car manufacturers make their money. I've ICE cars. I'll give you an example. Holden Commodore, $35,000 brand new price (at the time, was a 2002 model) Replacement motor from Holden was $25,000. Does anyone actually believe that the entire car, minus the engine, costs $10,000 to build? New cars have always been the classic loss leader.
The dumbest thing is that on the estimate the damaged cover isn't being replaced. Criminal charges for defrauding the customer is required by existing laws in place and active.
I have a solution!  Just buy an ICE vehicle.  This is so patently absurd.  EVs saving the environment one written off car at a time…..
Look this is the reality that is where electric cars will always be at how does someone who doesnt have unfathomable amounts of bank loan debt’s get something like these things an old one will have no battery and cost more than a really good car look at what 20,000$ can get you in the porsche market its insane
Sand it, spray it and drive! Excellent chance nothing wrong with the battery🙄
With such a shortsighted Canadian Government imposes 2035 EV mandate.  It may save some carbon footprint but with EV producing very toxic Lithium-ion batteries waste in average 8 years per EV.  EV is not solving any environmental problem.  Look at the history, the average temperature of the Earth during the Jurassic period was around 16.5°C (61.7°F). This is warmer than the current average temperature, which is about 14°C (57.2°F).  Did dinosaurs do anything about carbon footprint and why ice age happened afterwords?  I will stick to my fossil fuel vehicle until 2035.  It is a technology that has been refined for over 130 years.
Well....the driver didnt feel.he hit anything, he tought he went around it but he still wanted it to checked?  Seems strange to me...   But... the way the dealer/insurance handled it isnt the way to go... i drive a outlander phev, the battery pack will cost 8000,-... crazy money even for a hybrid!
Hyundai Canada knows the dealership cranked up the parts price. That is why they want to be informed in the future. The dealership really hurt the Hyundai brand. The Kona battery recall replacement was $11000 USD for a 64kWhr battery and that included labour. You can see how the dealership is cranking up the battery price since they don't want to sell EVs. They don't get the maintenance revenue from EVs.
I'll keep my fuel powered car. thanks
This leads me to not buy an EV, especially a Hyundai. This shows you how dealers tend to rip customers off.
This is just the beginning of the financial nightmares you EV'ers are going to experience. And for What!!!  Because the Government says you should do your part in cleaning up the environment ❓. Those Pompous Global Warming idiots are looking pretty Stupid right about now.
This is so environmentally friendly.
For a show called motormouth, how do you justify knowing so little about the state of automotive industry?
electric cars are garbage ugly and cause ten times more global warming
Insurance companies employ estimaters and appraiser's with zero auto repair knowledge.
Unbelievable
Some investigative journalists must do some investigation on these write off for parts. I have my serious doubts whether there is a nexus between dealership and insurance company to write off repairable vehicles to condemn them and turn it over to some third party to strip them for parts. Parts are hard to come by these days and this trend of write off seems to be catching speed. Something somewhere is not right.
Used Toyotas and Hondas are the best. No need to go to any other brands.
One should know that the battery represents most of the value of an electric car. The battery and a couple small motors replace the engine, transmission, exhaust, and everything else that is connected to the engine. I would expect battery damage to total the car. I would think that the battery pack should be repairable as it is made up of individual cells that one would think could be replaced. I would also think the battery pack could be better defended. And I wonder how many people have damaged their battery cover to the extent as the car in the video and don't know it. Are they driving around a potential bomb?
So the poor guy gets an ev to save on petrol and do better towards the environment and this is what he gets
If the car was operating fine.  He should have done nothing
Just buy a TOYOTA, GAS FED, period....btw, can I just buy the body only of that IONIQ, like maybe 500 CD$, I plan to just install a recon gas engine into it considering its almost worthless as the battery replacement costs more, please.
EV is such a scam. Those used batteries will create more pollution in just a few years then any gasoline engine ever has.
This is a good advertisement of Electric Vehicles ;). And this is not just a single story of this kind.
So, you buy a battery for 60K and they throw in a free car
Hyundai is now out of my list of car manufactures to purchase cars from.
I’ll sum up this whole video, Hyundai is garbage, always has been always will be…… Thanks
If I were the owner of this vehicle, I would contact the local mechanics workshop and look at the options of modifying the vehicle to house a late model 2 litre turbo Diesel motor with the help of some engineering. Absolutely sure, the issues of range anxiety, reliability,  and ongoing service costs instantly disappear.
Ev doesn't reduce emissions, it relocates it. Which is expensive.
Serves you right for getting an electric
The whole purpose of the plate is to protect it .. i feel like all this says is the protection pad does nothing here
Why not just use the fuckin car???
No matter which EV, all battery will need replace in 8-10 yrs, and each time it will cost 20-30k at least. EVs are not the future at all. Not with current technology
One more comment. Many of us remember when Hyundai automobiles were so bad and there were so many complaints that after a number of years and their sales were in the toilet Hyundai came out with a 10 year bumper to bumper warranty. Still took a lot of time before the public bought a Hyundai. Never owned one and never will.
Get rich quick plan. Step one - buy brand new Hyundai IONIQ 5. Step two - remove battery and sell for a profit. Step thee - scrap the rest of the brand new car for even more profit. Step four - repeat.  My guess is that the cost of new EV are so heavily subsidised by various government department's giving out green agenda tax breaks and financial kickbacks for the manufacturers, and incentives for buyers, that in reality, without all this artificial lowering of the costs involved, few companies could build an EV for a price the general public would pay and still make a profit.
List price on the invoice is 6,649.99, but by the total column it’s 56,649.99. Did someone accidentally add a 5, or is the 5 not shown on the List column due to spacing?
Due to the high risk of a fire (thermal meltdown) when a battery is damaged, many American EV cars  are totaled if there is possible damage to a battery. Imagine saying the battery is ok and then the car owners house burns down and survivors sue for millions due to a dealer saying the battery is not damaged. EV owners, make yourself aware of thermal meltdown on a lithium ion battery. There are many YouTube videos of this happening. You couldn't give me an EV.
I WAS BORN IN KOREA AND NEVER, NEVER PURCHASED A KOREAN CAR DUE TO BAD QUALITY PARTS AND DESIGN/BAD DNA OF MAGAEMENT-OWNERSHIP. SINCE 1970'S ALL OUR FAMILY PURCHASED EITHER HONDA OR TOYOTA.   WORD WARRANTY IS USELESS AS WRITTEN ON THE PAPER.....    MANUFACTURER HAS ALL THE CONTROLS WITH SMALL LETTERS OR WORDING.    KYLE SHOULD HAVE DRIVEN THE CAR, AND IF IT CAUGHT ON FIRE, THEN HE JUST PAID $1000 OR $500 DEDUCTABLE. OBVIOUSLY, HE DID NOT PLAY THE INSURANCE GAME SMARTLY ???????~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Stealership what do we expect? These guys hate to service EVs since they don’t need maintenance like ICEs. They just don’t care to put in the time to inspect. Sad case, Hyundai Canada must take responsibility to do proper inspection and repair.
After watching this video if I had doubts about buying an EV these are now dissipated
Another alarmist story that doesn't really pertain to the regular use of the car.  Of course the headnail headline is meant for anti-EV people who will run around talking about how someone needed battery replacement for a one year old EV.  To say you didn't know a warranty could be voided, maybe think twice before doing "informational" videos if you're basically lacking information.
Despite the scratch the battery might be perfectly OK I would have just kept the car as is, resale is another story, stupid beuocrasy
This is going to just yet worse by the hour.  EV's are not ready for the masses.
Don't buy EVs! It's a scam! They are "green" only on documents!
I think the stealership tried to rip off the customer. Willing to bet there was nothing wrong with that battery. Scare tactics. When you bring your car in for warranty work, mechanics don't make much money. Nobody wants to work on it. That's why they didn't even remove the darn cover to really check it out. Crooks!
Dont feel sorry for anyone who buys any electric junk mobiles you buy junk you will get zonked period!.
Don’t buy an EV Period!!!
I've found that dealership mechanics are often not very competent. Many are young who have just come out of college with minimal qualifications and very little experience. The dealerships probably hire them because they are cheaper labour. Clearly in this case the battery wasn't properly inspected and telling the owner of the car that it could explode without any proper assessment was ridiculous.
if i was him i will just take my car to a normal mechanic and see what he gonna tell me before getting involved with the icbc... and also that is very unfair to ask such ammount for such repair ...and also i dont like how insruance companies work.... if you point goes down then next time you pay more .. what the hell..??.. ps: i can accept their to be repaired only in one case ,, if they give me the old batterie back and i will sell it to take the cost down ... but the first think that i would do before anything is getting lawyer and sued them...
WELL!! after being Hyundai customer with two cars, of the brand I wont be buying another one , as for the dealership they are just beyond pathetic. this has been a problem even with my ICE cars so i haven't gone back to them at all.  parts are outrageous, service is incompetent . but some times you can get a good deal .....sometimes.
EV's have a 100 years to advance until every poor person or person who wants a cheap-ass car can actually afford one.  Imagine every functioning crappy little internal combustion engine beater in the world being replaced by EV's....not a chance in 100 years.
to be fair, the battery doesn"t have the repulsive design of that car, which is quite a valuable advantage.
The cost involved much better buy a Lexus or Mercedes Benz, that’s a ridiculous price to keep that car
Thank you very much for the video and the work you have done on this. I have some questions to the invoice shown between 3.21 to 3.30 and 6.36 to 6.46 min. The list goes as follows on this invoice List shows 6649.98, Net shows 6649.98 and the Final Amount jumps to 56649.95, Why. Labour on the same invoice List 1599.50, Net 1599.50 and Final Amount 1599.50. If the battery would cost this much we should all go to Hyundai because we get the rest of the car for free and only pay for the battery. I get that a battery is more expensive at this point, however, these items have a huge mark up I am sure. The most expensive battery pack I have seen so far was 21.000 as a replacement for a luxury brand EV. I get Hyundai has a higher volt charging system but in the end we are talking about rechargeble batteries and we work with them since the 90's in cellphones and other electronic devices.
Why is it $60000 CDN for a new battery? It makes no sense. Look at the Kona battery replacement. It cost less than $11000USD (less than $15000 CDN) to replace the battery and that included the labour. What is up with the inflated price? It comes straight off the LG assembly line for a 1 year old car. Hyundai doesn't even make the battery.
Excellent warning flag, Do not buy Hyundai!!!!!!
The battery warranty is for a failure of the batter NOT for damage to the battery from an external source, that is covered by your vehicle insurance which you have just said they will cover by writing the car off and paying you the value of the car.  I agree that the cost of replacing that battery is way, way excessive and I would shop around Just heard you claim that the battery is degraded, it isn't, it probably still has the same capacity as new.  I think you are getting very confused over what the battery warranty covers.  Just confirm for me the duration of you battery warranty.
Wasn't it Kia, Hyundai that were giving customers warranty issues regarding defective engines at a point the last few?  I'll keep my two Toyota hybrids thank you. Batteries are better protected and they're dead reliable albeit a bit boring.  Funny my buddy and also wife and myself were looking at the Ionic5 / EV6. It's a no now.
In my opinion only hybrid cars are good but more expensive to maintain to a ordinary car.
Electric is not sustainable. Canadians are getting conned with climate change propaganda. Ps im an electrical engineer.
A good reason not to buy an EV.   There is a high probability of impact damage from uneven surfaces etc
Electric Vehicles will be a true test for Vehicle manufacturers in South America, Africa and Australia, I don't know which one would kill one first but we could take a bet. The Potholed Roads, The No No Roads, The 40 Degree Celcius Sun, Or the Flooded Waterlogged Roads When it Rains. I mean 20 bucks on the 40 degree Sun but the No No Roads could come up first it is such an easy toss
EVs are AWESOME! Surprise! You just bought a money vacuum.
They need to put the battery on the top of the car to protect it from scratches. 😂
I just looked up part number 37501-GI351 and the price of the battery was *only* $31666.50.  But honestly, this is the reality of current day electric cars.  These issues do not stop at a piece of road debris potentially damaging a battery.  Would YOU buy an 8 year old electric car, knowing full well that a replacement battery that isn't as old as the original one is going to cost you tens of thousands of dollars?  Yeah, sure, laptops and battery powered tools do not have the battery management systems of the electric car, but batteries die whether you use them or not and the management systems only prolong the life of the batteries.  This has always been the case, and with current technology, it will always be the case. So, lets just say that California is liable to have REALLY big issues brewing in about 12 years.
Electric vehicle is highly problematic making the Democrat party highly problematic because Democrats have voted to subsidize with public funds in the hundreds of billions of dollars.  Vote Democrat means national disaster for your pocketbook and wallet.
That’s scary that someone can run over minor road debris and total their new car.
That's Madness, I would never ever handicap myself with a EV, its a car intelligence test to choose between a petrol/diesel vs an Electrical Vehicle. Of which our dear friend Kyle 🙋‍♂Failed 🤦‍♂🤣🤣🤣 Sell that Electic Junk now before you drive that piece of junk in water or snow and see the true potential of an EV to shock you and your wallet 🤣🤣
I have changed my mind on this company vehicles.  And definitely not any electric cars.
Battery costs are a huge problem. It's causing insurance costs to skyrocket because it's so easy to write off an EV with even tiny amount of damage.
battery bullshit once again, sticking with my c220 90 k and drives like new , and thejagster
And people wonder why these EV Muppet mobiles aren’t that popular….. Ridiculous
These old people have no idea what happens when lithium ion battery gets damaged
I'll just keep driving my 400000k ford falcon
I dont know why people are so surprised about stories like this.... Hyundai/Kia has never and will never be known for reliability/quality.  Wasnt in the 90's, 00's, 10's, or 20's..... problems GDI, paint, ignition security issues.  Even insurance companies are refusing to issure certain models.... slapping lipstick on a pig doesnt all od sudden make the pig beautiful....
Welcome to the future.
Junglelaw.. batteries on these modern EVs is an area that are completely off limit for most parties other then the headcompany, so they can qoute as they see fit and you dont have any perspective or choice, other then eat it, and in this case it will be the insurance.. but the wild thing is ..No tangible evidens for any actual damage to the battery that would create danger.. likely just a rancid dealerships that use all aspects to stigmatise a given EV car for profit likely with some push push incentive from the Hyundai backland to get some buiness action, so they both can laugh all the way to the bank.'  Wicked how this dealership can just stigmatise your car without even checking the battery and validating battery-issues and your car, wil be branded as a danger where you now got full liabelity without any actual context for this socalled battery-damage.. You should have focused on this exact dealership and highlighted them as its them that got this weird stigmatising branding alelity on your car property without any factual evidens for actual batterydamage. Seems like a Junglelaw where lowest common nominator of speculative interrests sets the norm.
Kyle looks very trustworthy.but….f o electric cars
so another reason not to buy hyundai
Dealerships ruin the goodwill people have towards manufacturers.
Electric vehicles are trash.  I dont know why people keep buying them.  Most people cant afford the labor when they have issues and cut their losses.  Never buy a used one.
We’ll pay it, at the end you are saving the world, priceless action
I’ve been saying this for a few years now, your battery goes kerfluy and your car is totaled. Just the cost of the new battery is more than a new car that’s not mentioning labor. So the car is totaled and not in a way that your insurance will cover. You may find yourself having to finish paying off a car loan on a car you no longer have, also unless you can afford 2 car payments you still don’t have a car. I’ll just mention the fact that the batteries can’t be recycled.
Another nail in the coffin for EV’s with stupid long term costs with these huge batteries. Send it to Ukraine they will fix it for you, they love damaged EV’s.
I would NOT buy an electric car. The recharging infrastructure is not where it needs to be yet and it’s simply cost prohibitive considering battery replacement COST.
can't he just get a used battery for cheaper?
never liked Hyundai customer service.  After seeing this, I'd probably never buy another HYundai again
Well, What I'm hearing here is....... "After seeing what looked like superficial damage, caused by an incident so minor that most folks wouldn't have even thought it worth getting the car checked afterwards, the Hyundai garage was so worried about the possibility of it catching light and/or exploding that they recommended scrapping the entire battery". Sound about right?  From this I'm thinking either.... (A), The garage didn't know what they were doing, and panicked over nothing. This resulted in the owners car being wrote off on repair cost grounds. (B), The staff at the garage are privy to private company technical information from Hyundai, and from this info they were able to accurately diagnose that the battery was genuinely unsafe. Or (C), The garage has learnt from experience that any little dent, din, or scrap is enough to seriously damage Hyundai's batteries.  So Hyundai let garages full of idiots become franchises, or Hyundai sling fragile battery setups under their EV's...... Neither's conclusion is something to get the customers cuing up at the door. 🤨
What should have happened is if there was nothing wrong and no warning lights came on kyle  should not have took the vehicle to anyone all of this would have been avoided.
Thanks for bringing this to a wider audience. I will make sure to stay away from EVs in the near future.
buyer beware....
I am American so the 60,000 was confusing on Canadian market.  On Chevy volt it was said the cost long ago was the same.  My brother said he wanted nothing to do with ev.  And this makes a deal breaker.  You run over a dear and they cost extra with insurance.  On the dealership they sometimes have warranty but this is saying void.  I just looked at a Volvo car at this price and way nicer.  Now on this owner how can he get a luxury car with the high insurance for ten years.  Have fun.
My friend’s Tesla had same. Just small dent at reversing. Stopped charging. Has to pay to replace battery on his expense.
Ouch. hyundai, the stealership and insurance company just swindled this guy out of a ton of money.
How the does a $55000dollar car have a $60000 battery sounds like a giant scam and the sad part is gouvernements around the globe are pushing hard for this so they can then mandate the removal of older reliable cars that repairable
so... literally writing off an year old car because you can't replace its fuel tank.   explain to me how this is eco-friendly?
The plastic impact cover did not do it's job go figure what made Hyundai think that a cover made of plastic would protect anything
Tesla  battery around $14,000
Ah Canadian dollars, so it's like $14 USD
I am posting from the UK. There have been many reports in the press here over the last few months that insurance premiums on electric cars are going up by huge amounts because electric cars are having to be written off following accidents with damage that would have been repairable for conventional fuel cars but the cost of replacing a damaged battery has made repair uneconomic.
What is the evidence there is any problem at all with the battery?  If the info is available, why don't you include it in this video?  Sounds most like the dealer is unethical.
60k for a battery converts to US dollars at 45k to replace battery
Lower foot print? When it takes 10 years to catch up on the emissions difference of production alone. Prodution for EV takes a lot more energy then a ICE cars
Just goes to show us what a scam all this EV balloney is . If the battery cost about 58 K and the labor is approx 2 k then what is the rest of then car worth seeing how the car cost 55k to start with . I feel bad for people who are so easily scamed about this issue . Now all us car dealers are trying to abandon the EV market and rightly so but Canada being gullable as ever is going ahead withplans for a battery plant in Ontario. Some people never learn . Do a little investigating and you will see why there are so many reasons not to buy an EV .
EV's are NOT the future, Ford cannot sell the ones in inventory, and other carmakers are finding a huge downturn in sales. Hybrids are selling well and I believe if trends continue that Hydrogen fuel cell technology will be the future. EV tech has always been a scam by electricity company investors, Think about it for a few seconds, Why in the world would anyone buy a vehicle that requires a 50 thousand dollar battery pack every 5-6 years while costing thousands in expensive electricity to charge all year round.
Electric vehicles are dead. Don’t buy.🤫
Did you know if that battery starts smoking you have 2 minutes to get everyone out of the vehicle. Lithium is deadly.  The batteries run under the seats
We have 3 Hyundai cars in the household. Great cars at reasonable prices. But none of ours is an EV. I will not touch EVs.
It has to be the manufacturers responsibility, It's their design and engineering so that cover is there to protect the battery and that's what it should do.... I find it hard to believe those few little scratches on the battery cover has voided warranty and will cost 60k to repair...I guess I'll  also be scratching Hyundai of my next car list then.
Then they take the battery out of the car, put it in another car and sell it again... SUE THE BASTARDS!
While these legacy automakers try to rip us off Tesla is taking over the car market ! My friends model 3 had a battery problem and it cost him 6k to replace it ! I cannot wait for Hyundai and other companies to fall like dominoes !! They deserve nothing less!!
How do you get off saying an EV Saves you from Fuel costs? You still pay for the electicity! Which is generated burning fossil fuels AKA OIL, GAS, ETC.
Nothing is logical anymore.
Hyundai makes solid construction equipment, that is about it.
The more I hear about battery costs the less I want I get an EV. Perhaps Hybrid is better. I’m sticking to my hardcore Toyota V6.
Kyle’s problem starts with buying a Hyundai
Yep, let that sink in tree huggers everywhere ... just a plan to separate you from your standard of living in the USA.
Moral of the story? Do not buy a cheap korean car. 10 year warranty but one million loopholes.
Ain’t buying it. Not EV’s that is but this the battery will break you, business. Familiarize yourself with all the options in the marketplace of replacement batteries. I am sure videos such as this,serve a purpose,but confusing and raising apprehensions for people thinking about adopting EV’s. As their next vehicle. Don’t be swayed. This is to lessen interest, allowing time for legacy automobile manufactures (breathing room) to retool and less the impact to economies and jobs.
50% insurance increase for scratching the bottom of your car??? wth is wrong with Canada??
Brings us back to the main topic...why would anyone buy any electric car, anyway ?
This is the problem. No one wants to buy a money pit. It’s new technology with questionable construction quality (eg:the actual battery protection, which doesn’t actually protect) whose failure costs,  all seem to be passed to the consumer. Car companies have gotten so arrogant.
I always thought Hyundai was junk!
hahaha since people believe in these clean climate bs stories, now they have to pay.
LGBT guy bought a expensive huindai ev and everyone taking advantage of him
Sooooo, why doesn't Kyle use common sense an just keep driving the vehicle if it's still operating fine? No one said performance was affected. Sounds like a knee jerk overaction to me. One more reason I'll never buy an battery operated vehicle.
Go green! Lol
EVs are a scam, get a a lawyer and sue the company for voiding warranty.
EVs are just a total scam, from a moral, environmental and economical point of view.
So did anyone notice that the cost line doesn't add up. The unit price and the total is screwy... 5(6649.98) if you take the total and divide by the unit cost the number should be even, it's not so either there's a partial battery or someone is messing around with numbers and pulling them out of a dark place. It looks like someone just decided to add a 5 in front of the unit price and call it good.  I don't live in Canada, but do they normally add GST to the labor cost?  If the GST is 5% (guessing here) then .05 (58249.48)= 2912.47 which line up with the numbers in the video. -MG
It's brutal cheeky that the Hyundai dealerschip want to sell another car (with a discount). And then they replace the battery protection plate with a second hand plate and sell the car as new.
I wouldn't allow this dealership to install  wiper blades on any car of mine. Run by paranoid  attorney and accounting engineers. Hope the heck he bought a replacement from someone else. Thieves.
This is the 3rd report of Hyundai Ionic battery replacement cost very recently here in Canada and in all cases replacement was more than the price of a new vehicle. Seems absolutely ridiculous in this case that these scratches warrant a new battery, why not just a new protective cover? Everyone is jumping on the EV band wagon due to government rebates, prices of gas, environment, etc. My two biggest concerns are, the savings in fuel is completely negated once you have to pay for a new battery - not even 200,000 KM's in the other 2 cases reported by media AND what happens to all these old dead batteries - are they going in the land fill? Like many others have said I will stick with my old gasoline powered car that is in my garage.
Damn sounds like you picked a bad dealer to go to lol
Interesting video. Also interesting the carcompany want to dump their problem on the insurance company (so the customer via a dogleg).
15:00 I wonder how much is gas in canada or something, but again, here in estern europe is about 1.75usd per liter [8USD/gal!] and ev charging is more expensive then gas. But i guess not for some special ev owners :D
The most expensive batteries are Chrysler truck battery 26000. You people are lying anti electric.
Buy only Chinese made EVs because they come with the best and cheapest batteries.  Oops!  They aren't available in the States because of our trade war against China.
if it's not broke...don't fix it.
Clean carbon as we have a landfill filled up with electric cars.  Sounds like a scam to me.
No the problem is the government doesn’t subsidize repairs.
Anti Electric bulshit.
And do not relate this to EVs, similar things, happened to me with ice hyundai few years ago, lot of stories from lot of different brand ice cars, but again, i thought this would be mostly in eastern europe, ok, maybe usa, but shame that Canada is running on same fraud behavior now. Easy solution would be to somehow punish people who are responsible for frauds like this :D
So...the "protection cover" has a part number and the cover failed to protect the battery pack.  The manufacturer should assume responsibility for the failure of its protection cover.  Why didn't the battery protection cover do its job? Example...If a seat-belt guide fails and the belt is damaged the belt and the guide mechanism is covered by warranty.
This climate change is just one brilliant scam , they play on weak minded peoples fear . this scam will never work on someone who has common sense
I see it as two mistakes, (1) don't buy a Hyundai and (2) don't buy a EV vehicle.
battery warranty is voided due to external damage from road instead of production failure makes sense
This is making a mountain out of a molehill !  The battery hardly got damaged and the dealer was hardly going to go to the trouble to take the battery out unless they were going to get paid.   I would expect no warranty either if the battery was damaged by running over something just like an normal car isn't covered if you wreck the sump and the oil comes out damaging the engine.
Yes every EV with battery degradation or damage is completely worthless. Congratulations. You have just found out why other companies are still making regular cars and hybrids.
EPA says a new batteriesis btw  6K and 10k depending on the model. it does not make any sense
Thanks!!! I will never buy a Hyundai!
Shame on the dealership and shame on hyundai canada for not standing behind their product. This is not an ev problem, its a corporate problem. Easy solution... dont by a Hyundai. Sad because they make some appealing models
Just don’t buy a Hyundai nor kia. By charging 60k for a battery replacement Hyundai they are fucking their future sales.
Ladies and Gents. DO NOT buy that Companies electric products.
Let's calculate the carbon footprint of this "global environmental saviour". 😮
Literally highway robbery.
this is like ink jet printers that costs $40, but you have to pay $80 for ink
WHO IS THAT STUPID TO BUY AN ELECTRIC CAR THEY KNOW WE ARE STUPID AND IT WE WILL BUY THEY STUPID NEW TECHNOLOGY FOR THEM TO MAKE MONEY.
Parts markup at the dealership can be has high as 90%.  My guess is the dealership applied a standard markup on the battery, hence the cost.  Simply inexcusable if you ask me.
Electric cars are crap, plain & simple. People pay huge money for new tech, they depreciate like crazy, & you will never save enough on gas to even begin to recover the extra money you paid for the car. God help you when the battery goes bad
Welp definitely not getting one of these 😂
Wouldn't be in this dilemma if you didn't buy a Hyundai or an electric car.
For all the Tesla fan boys I hate to say tell ya so😂. I use conventional. EV catch fires that can't be put out and have all sorts of reliability problems
Why does the invoice NET list price for the battery of $6649.98, become $56,649.98 , in the TOTAL colum ?
It’s ironic Hyundai is saying the upper part of the car is cheap worthless
This sounds like a shitty dealership issue and not an EV issue. Dealer was lazy and wanted to make a quick buck. I'd lawyer up and making it public was also a good idea. EV batteries are expensive, but this does not seem to warrant the fiasco that occurred. I'd also want to have that battery replacement cost investigated, as it makes literally no sense.  The whole thing seems fishy.
Why was there a random 5 added to the front of the cost of the battery on the invoice- list" and "net" say 6649.98, which seems like an appropriate battery cost, then a random 5 added to the front of it under "amount". Labour is the same across the sheet. I feel like this is a simple typo mistake that's been blown up.
Not an owner of EV and sometimes really want to finance, but knowing fact that battery replacement cost minimum 30k depends of car manufacturer( not including labor), makes me step back.  Maximum what expect for Battery is 5k.
Looking at the invoice, I see a typo by adding a 5 in front of the 6649.98. Get it changed and move on!
Another example of how other manufacturers (other than Telsa) are not yet relevant.
Interesting, because I just Googled the replacement battery cost for this model of car, and it's $6000.
The dealer is a scammer, so it's Hyundai !
Great video for Louis Rossmann
Imagine the pollution caused by all these Electric cars when written off and dumped.
Y do u 2 match?
Also I do work on my cars, on my house, etc.  and when I need materials I do get money from software dev work - again, i'm just done with all the frauds, but there is just this huge disconnect in general society I see with "normies" wanting more and more tech, but don't understand it - just what the Hyundai statement reads etc. And I also see more people who do develop software etc. to not want to use things like what people these days calls phone or car - phone now is just just pc and car i dunno what those things are, still kinda resembles car and it does provide somewhat transpiration, but mostly seems to be ipad accessory. Just weird how this reversed. Also how long can you go using tech with all the bugs when you do not understand it? This guy is super lucky, either this was insurace found, hands down great job, or he got paid total loss of perfectly good car, either way, absolute win for the guy. But what if the insurance refused to total the car you? If you do not understand the tech you are using, will you drive the whole time with fears of battery fire?  So is it fake? Is it insurace fraud? Are people just ...
And that’s why EV’s are going to destroy the auto industry, the insurance industry, and are just not worth the cost.  If the bottom of the vehicle is basically the soft underbelly and weakness of an EV why put essentially what is the engine is of an EV (battery) in that location?!
That cover served its purpose. That $60k bill is someone tryong to take someone for a ride.
Will never buy an electric car, long live Smokey diesels!
What is a “battery protection cover” for if it’s not there to protect the battery? The cover should “protect” the battery.  If the battery is now bad then the “protection cover” failed to do its job and protect the battery. Faulty design? Sue the manufacturer for faulty or poor product design!
NEVER trust dealers.  I dont care how trustworthy they seem, they only have their interests in mind, they DO NOT care about you.
I think the owner has to share some responsibility for this mixup.  He basically rolled over and took it in the ......  People need to share in the corrective action.
Just wait until EV's are mandatory and lower income people who traditionally do not have the money or credit for new cars. Can not afford to buy and replace a degraded battery used car. And these cars that are totaled by insurance companies are purchased by used car dealers and sold even though they are fire traps.
What is wrong with you all?! Battery is not damaged, why you chose to believe in the obvious lie? Was the last huge global lie not enough? I thought this was eastern european thing, but i see this lyies, well honestly let's call it what it is,  fraud behavior i see daily in eastern europe so much in media in west that makes me wonder whether west did catch up with eastern europe - weird that this as the goal.
Absolutely absurd. These EV Toy Cars have more issues than anyone can imagine. So called EV technicians do not have the training , knowledge, and experience required to make the evaluations necessary to get a vehicle repaired. Why would anyone want to own a EV. They have been brainwashed by the government to believe they are making a difference when all that’s happening is a royal screw job. This young man has been screwed by Hyundai, the dealership and his insurance company.  It’s a joke and a shame. There’s nothing wrong with that battery system. They didn’t even try to evaluate it because they don’t know how to do anything but follow their absurd claims.
EV is a big scam!  Elon Musk is trying to make more money by pushing EV all over the world.  EV worth nothing after the warranty is over and nobody knows how to dispose the battery without harming the enviroment.
I can understand hyundai and why they said the battery needs to be replaced. Because nobody can see the real "damage" of the battery or if it is even damaged, therefore it needs to be replaced or else it might catches fire... And if it does, hyundai is gonna pay for that. So instead the customer needs to pay, just to be safe. It's the same deal with e-bike batteries. Companys like bosch or panasonic aren't repairing batteries, cause it is to expensive and risky. So the customer just have to buy a new one, or even better just buy a new e-bike, cause it's already too old anyways... This is what's going to happen with ev's, but it is going to be much more expensive...
I can't see how that little scratched area did any damage to the battery. I think the insurance company pulled a scam job. I'd guess the insure company probably replaced the battery cover and sold the car as a slightly used model. $49,000 maybe!
why can't he just continue to drive the car?  Was there some problem before he went to the dealer other than a slight dent and scratches?
Great story. Part of this story is related to the high cost of a battery which probably applies to all EVs. The other part of the story is the exceptionally poor service from the dealer Kyle dealt with. Having experience with both Tesla and Hyundai, my experience is that Tesla has a lot of room for improving their service (ie, it's not great) BUT it is heads and tails better than Hyundai. I think Kyle's dealer interaction in general would have been similar (albeit less costly) whether EV or not. In other words, I cannot imagine this dealer providing exemplary warranty service on the gas-powered cars they sell. The stated above industry average 60 mo, 100,000 km warranty means nothing if it can be voided so easily or if they don't stand behind it.
US, Colorado, Denver. KIA NIRO EV My battery totally died (broke) on freeway at 15000miles, internal issue. I was scammed by the KIA/Hyundai brand (Head office in California told to a Dealer how they should scam me) on the factory warranty, same thing - small scratch underneath, I never went to off road. After that they gave me a quote for almost $40000 usd KIA/Hyundai - scammers, I'll never buy it again, crappy quality, terrible experience.
What do you mean EVs are a scam?
Hyundai: We make gas engines with cylinder scoring problems, cylinder geometry deformation, galling of rod and camshaft bearings, fast chain and sprockets wear. If you don't like it buy our EV. If you battery fails just buy a new car.
Some newer gasoline engines are zero emissions, why not buy one of those??? Fuk EV... Not riding on top of explosives...
I won't be buying anything electric...
Hyundai and Kia cars have never impressed me.   I avoid both sister brands.    Kyle should let the car go to repossession.  Let Hyunda credit take their car back.     Plate C
This story just killed my desire to buy any EV vehicle period . Now an industry needs to convince me otherwise .
The battery is 6649.98 dollars and labor is1599.50 dollars that is only 8248.00 dollars.  This is the right price.
@lifeofpalos
That's right. If you have the money to buy an EV, then you have the money to buy another in say...5 to 6 years. (or less)
Don't buy Korean until this is corrected...
Perfect way to solve this problem is to stop buying these Junk Carsyyou have to be an IDIOT to buy an Electric Car
You’re in luck, they’re “working on it” and might figure out how to make battery replacement competitive… eventually..
Dealership is known as Stealership lol
Absolute scam... If the battery is so delicate that it can't take a slight impact, that leaves scratches, then this product is a lemon to begin with, and should never be purchased.  This seems like a terrible customer service by the manufacturer.  This is why i will never buy ev because the price to replace a battery is not worth it once it dies in 7 years, the car is worthless and better to buy a new vehicle. EVs are a big scam.... And Hyundai seems a bigger scam.
Also batteries lose power very fast. So basically you get a ownewd car with not only loss in value overall but also less horsepower 😂 Only stupid people would buy a used EV. Thats why like 95% are short term lease. Shocking.
The bottom line is greed is driving the industry
I call BS on Kia/Hyundai as they are just trying to make back the money they have been losing for replacing the bad engines they've been making since 2011.
Wow! So much for considering purchasing a Hyundai... this might be the issue with the other makers as well, we just don't know it yet...
I mean regardless of all this, I bought my EV knowing that it will have zero resale value in 8 years even if it is in perfect condition — because solid state batteries will start hitting the market. Imagine near instant charging and over double the driving range. EV tech is nowhere near mature and the value for first generation adopters such as myself will continue to plummet.
Battery replacement is the big downfall and fail of any EV ownership. There have been various cases of battery replacement/expense involved with various EV's. This makes the idea of EV ownership unfeasible. Who is going to buy a used EV that will soon need battery replacement? Also the misconception of the much promoted 'save the planet' thinking is nothing but a marketing ploy as those working to mine lithium are being exposed to deadly toxic mining processes to create batteries which cannot be recycled for vehicles which require and thereby use even more fossil fuels in order to generate their growing appetite for electricity.
I'm not anti-EV i believe they are the future. but the governments and manufacturers need to be more forth coming with the truth concerning EVs. also USA and Canada really need an electric car charging infrastructure for these cars to be successful.
I call BS on the Canada HQ reply. No way the  battery is worth more than the price of a brand new car. That would mean Hyundai is making a loss of every new Hyundai EV (of this model) sold.  I hope this become a PR disaster for Hyundai.
Don't feel bad Tesla charges $30,000 for a battery pack change in some of their high end cars and Toyota will charge $3,000 for the battery alone about one year ago, how ever this is for a Hybrid Prius Nickel Metal Hybrid battery  and the is only for the battery not including labor?
insurance and third party repairs, its all a circle jerk scam high claims increases insurance rates which makes them all rich
I will NEVER BUY a Hyundai after their first  BS explanation like that, regardless of what has changed with their replacement policy.
If there was ever a message to go out to new car buyers that are contemplating buying and EV this is it.  Back in the 40's 50's 60'70's and 80's use to be that if you took auto shop you could tinker and repair almost anything on your car. You could modify your car do all sorts of things. Now a days you need an electric engineering PHD, you need a Computer science PHD and god knows what else.. of yes being a millionaire if its 60 K a pop to replace the battery in your car.  Nope.. Give me a nice used 1974 Datsun 240 Z  and let me tinker away. For the winter What ever is cheep and can be fixed super easy by a mechanic.
Sue them. That is not a reasonable position. Cannot be expected to know these things and never even heard of by anyone so not reasonable to expect him to protect it to avoid this massive damage
The whole floodgates that supposed to stop things like this all broke down.  1) Why send to dealership to check?  If your car can still drive, leave.  2) Dealership didn’t even check battery itself, simply go by hole was wrong. 3) Insurance should’ve check with Hyundai HQ too.
Whether electric or internal combustion,they are ,to me, junk. They have had massive recalls and people still buy them.Go Figure. and good luck.
You can buy a C Class with that battery replacement
Why anyone would buy a Hyundai ev in the first place. Shame on him. lol. 😂
Nio is a Chinese automaker that offers an alternative to charging: just swapping out the whole battery whenever you need it.  This needs to become the standard practice. The three main complaints that ICE drivers have against electric vehicles are 1) Cost of battery replacement 2) Charge range and 3) Charging time compared to gas.   What NIO has accomplished is to make charging faster than filling a tank of gas, eliminate the need to buy a new battery if one goes bad, and introduce a simple infrastructure model that is easy to establish. This is a game changer, but it remains to be seen if the oil industry will invest or impede.   Conservative projections suggest that most, if not all, new cars sold will be electric by 2040. Innovations to solve issues like battery life/replacement are going to be plentiful.
So you pay $60K for a car instead of $30k to save on gas?? Plus the least little damage totals it? double insurance? Environment cost of producing and disposing of batteries. The electric grid will  only a few  EVs. I think this is dumb.
It's just a lazy dealer. They wanted this problem off their lot
If a single part costs more than the car new, how much are they losing on every vehicle sale?
Not a fan of electric cars not ready when they quote savings  it should have to include  loss of battery %  and cost to replace battery over the life of the car and cost of electricity. More costly than gas
Well of course, thats because you live in a western society and everything has to be expensive here.
Electric vehicles are throw away vehicles.  Insurance companies will stop insuring them at some point.
Just stick with Tesla. Dealerships are the scourge of the earth.
Why would his insurance go up?  He didn't cause an at-fault accident.
Battery warranty? Collision insurance? Take the insurance payment. You don't want to risk a battery fire. Manufacturer subsidized cost of car but not the cost of replacement battery. Dealerships do want to work on the car, especially when the manufacturer is paying the bill. This is one situation where you cannot blame the dealership. If the manufacturer denies the warranty, the dealership will need someone else to pay (the customer). Dealerships will make any repair whether needed or not - that's why manufacturer needs to approve any warranty work.
TRUHOE ,BIDEN ,JOHN KERRY ,you must buy electric .........Guess which finger I am holding up .All idiots .
The burning question is how much did insurance pay out?
Head office would do nothing - they are as useless as local dealers. Hyundai UK sold me a car that rusts like no other car and would not cover it - the only way to speak to them is via motor ombudsman.
It’s a Hyundai baby! Get a real car.
evs are nothing more than a throwaway car
What's it made of... Paper?   If the car can be totaled with a scratch that brand of car is not worth meterial used to make the product.  This is like saying your house is written off because your wallpaper has been ripped off the wall.  Absoloutly redicilous! I know brand make their money on parts and labour rather than selling the cars, but this is absurd.
Poor guy.  He is a young guy so he already pay the highest premium on vehicle.   Best to drive an old vehicle until you turn 30.  Good luck.   Thank you for sharing this story
Name the dealership by name. Dealerships need to be taken to task for shady practices.
Go out and buy a few more of these things. All ev are junk you get what you get. I don't feel sorry for the owner at all.
This is complete fabrication.  No battery cah cost thst  much. Be serious. Onky the uninformed can be fooled .
"$60,000 to replace battery" EV's. the wave of the future. Everybody wants one. Progress.
This is a classic case of a business, Hyundai, transfering their business risk to their customer.  It is already difficult to justify buying an EV.  Add risk of rapidlly diminishing resell value and they have priced themselves right out of my budget.  Adding the risk onto me for battery fault/failure in the equation, game over for me.  Combustion vehicles are a known quantity and risk, that's where I came from and that's where I will stay.  At least with combustion vehicles resale values are well established.
Even if the battery replacement was a more reasonable $10000-15000, you have to be out of your mind to buy one of these. Look at the incredible depreciation rate on them too.
Are this you would be crazy to buy a EV
Vancouver City News did an article about this called; *”Vancouver EV owner shares cautionary tale after car deemed ‘total loss’”* The owner told his story how a simple scratch underneath his new car (which somehow scratched the battery) led to a $60,000 repair cost (Canadian). The insurance said the car was a total loss.
Haha so he gets fucked by insurance because the shitty roads scratch his car
Saying a hole is "widened" is like diagnosing that the muffler bearing needs to be repacked with metric grease.  <.<
CO2 from an exhaust system is biodegradable and they know that
Almost like you shouldn't put a battery at the very bottom of the car. Hahahaha
If i need to think so much then thsts a certain sign i should not buy
This car would be so much better if it had a V6 engine and would sell like hotcakes
EV Nightmares will only continue to grow!!! It seems people trying to "Save" the environment do not give 2 thoughts to the horrible cost of mining and production of ev batteries... We all hear EV's are "Clean" ... What about the source of the electricity? the infrastructure that will HAVE to be upgraded and the Disposal of battery packs? People don't seem to understand that when the power goes out an EV is a boat anchor!!! You can always have some gas or diesel on hand... If you think ahead...lol
Get a Tesla... way too many non Tesla insane battery replacement costs...
This is how it is this Hyundai and Kia I would never buy anything from them again because this is not only the problem with electric vehicles. So whatever you save, you will pay double the end!
The lesson in all of this is dont buy a hyundai EV. If they cant price a battery better than that then why bother.
This is why you buy a NIO with battery swap function! ...It makes zero sense to buy a car with the battery integrated in the chassis.
10 years double insurance for 1 claum should be illegal
Ah so there was a dealer involved; there's your answer. Basically anyone buying an EV shouldn't (at least not YET) and anyone buying a hybrid should do their homework thoroughly first. Lithium Ion could well be superceded in the near future, and you can bet the Sodium Ion technology won't be interchangeable. Welcome to the motor industry. A shower o' bastards.
Bet they ain't buying  another Electric Vehicle
His car will be sold at auction then resold and nobody will know until warranty work needs to be done on it.Someone is getting an explosion or fire liability without knowing
This is one of the dumbest things I've heard of yet.  A battery protection cover alone shouldn't total a vehicle.
EV- NOT FOR ME!
This EV thing is a mess…this is going to be very common …a battery replacement a new car
Thank you for your reporting.  Without question Hyundai and Kia are OFF my list for future vehicle purchases!
Thats one more reason to avoid a ev
Yeah no thanks especially after looking at a porshe that needed a battery at 50k miles.These EV are not feasible long term and are ment to be thrown away like a battery operated phone or toy.If you actually look at the lifespan of a lot of batteries I'll amaze you how short and the cost
It’s cheaper to just buy a new car!
Obviously, EVs will drive up the cost of insurance on top of inflation drivers.
Oh you EV idiots! Please don't tell me how you saving the planet.😖
Just WOW! The guy needs to get him a very good lawyer. This is all crazy when it comes to EVs.
I will wait until Hydro Electric cars will be available. Car batteries used for EVs aren't produced environmentally friendly at all not even to mention the ECO problem when these batteries have to be disposed of after their max usage. Besides that, the power grids can't handle the increase in the need for electric power. Ever seen a Tesla that went up in flames after an accident? The fire department has to place the complete car in a tank with water because they aren't able to put out the fire in a 'normal' way. We are being fooled by governments and car manufacturers that EVs are so eco-friendly.
And this is the exact reason why you NEVER buy an EV and always just lease them!  You gotta be nuts to buy one, always lease them.
Sounds like ICBC rip you off Kyle! They probably sold the car for a good price! Wonder if you can sue the City for that thing on the road that damaged the car! Its annoying how ICBC can right it off and affects your premium! Its insane!  I own a Tesla and this video made me think if EV's are really worth it!
What a scam
i used to think Canada was a cool place..the more you learn
This is why I am a big opponent to EVs. Battery technology is simply not ready enough to have big and dangerous batteries mounted on a car or suv. It’s also a money pit decision that costs more than the actual car. I’m happy with my 2007 Honda civic that doesn’t take me more than 30 minutes to refill.
Thank you Motormouth covering this insane EV story.
I was about to buy one of these. Boy, can electric cars go F3ck themselves after this video!
This electric cars are a scam. All of them are a big big scam
stay away from EV
Electric cars are the future... 😂
Its easy  demand full exposure of automobile factory warranties before the customer signs away his or her life savings to buy outrageously priced cars and trucks. After all this exposure regarding HYUNDAI IONIQ5 they may as well pull in their purse strings as the cat is out of the bag and no one in their right minds would buy their cars
In conclusion never buy a Hyundai.
Any critical thinker would deduce....there is nothing wrong with this battery! But hey...If one chooses to believe the STEALERSHIPS assessment, then they deserve their fate!🤯 Point #2- This vehicles battery protection skid plate is obviously an inferior design, if it can distort from such an innocuous mishap as the one Kyle describes. I would threaten to sue Hyundai for their obvious design flaw, and believe me...they would facilitate my every wish! Kyle did the right thing though...as these corporations live or die on reputation, and exposing his plight is the smart thing to do!
China is pricing  those batteries.
never ever buy EV
Underside of the car is the most exposed and vulnerable. If ppl think any little bit of damage from accidently running something over is going to write off their vehicle then ev sales are going to drop to 0
good luck selling a ev in the he future 😂.. ..ps you ain't saving s*** with these damn things.
He paid $41K US for a rear-wheel-drive Hyundai? That must be fun to have instant torque on slick roads up in BC. I've been telling electric car fan people for years that these batteries are half the cost of the car and have to be replaced every 8 to 10yrs even without damage. And there is zero carbon savings till yr 5 of ownership. Then you burn down your house if you jerry rig the hookup or pay 2-3K more for home charging. Then there's the possibility of your battery baking off.  And who doesn't want to kill all that time charging your car?  People don't be the first wave, let them figure it out about 10yrs from now and then go in.
No matter what your looking at 20k USD repair bill on evs to replace the battery.many Insurance companies are starting to stop covering Ev to much of a liability
Go green they said,,,
Thanks Kyle
Something not mentioned in this video is EV fires and the consequent pressure for due diligence on battery safety. As far as I'm concerned the technology is flawed and these vehicles should not be on the road. Perhaps one day they will find a solution to remove the fire hazard or develop a different, safer battery chemistry but they are not there yet. Cleary it is impossible to justify such a high cost for a single component. In UK we have government departments like Trading Standards who can be consulted on such matters.
Drive a new $ 30 000 gasoline car , then no issue there . Be smart .
It'll be a cold day in hell before I buy an electric or even a hybrid car.  It's all too soon. Everyone driving these is a beta tester.
There was probably nothing wrong with the car.
Not buying that car
Evs are a scam 😂
Do not buy a electric car.
if u bought an EV b/c you bought into the whole idea of them being sustainable and green you're dumb as a doorknob.  just admit you bought one cuz its a status symbol and/or you're a techy type of person.  or you totally fell for it.  sucks to be that dude but you fell for it.  EVs are a scam.  once u understand that you understand why shit like this could happen.   i refuse to buy an EV until i am absolutely forced to do so.  otherwise its ICE all day FTW baby.
Tesla doesn’t have issues like this. The battery replacement is a lot cheaper & you don’t deal with dealerships because they don’t have any. Buy new from Tesla not a dealership. If you buy from a dealership you get issues like this & a marked up price tag. Tesla also has their own insurance that’s a LOT more affordable especially when you’re looking at luxury car insurance prices.
Why believe the dealer in the first place? They will look to maximize profit over the environment and customer. Always contact Hyundai Canada.  They helped me to resolve a problem that dealer refused to resolve and they caused. My Hyundai kona electric is an excellent car
THE LAWYER R U F  CARZY THERE ON THE SIDE OF THE CAR PIRATES THEY PROTECT THE CRIMNAL AND GOOD
If we are trying to ‘reduce’ co2 how can the industry sell that story when you have a vehicle that will be out of service by its 10th year and it would make no sense buy a ‘new’ battery for a vehicle that is otherwise worthless?? I’m not against EV’s per se but these are the questions none of the companies want to provide an answer to. How is this the way to go??  Been driving for 40 years and I would bet I haven’t spent 60 grand on gas yet.
News flash. Hyundai sucks. Drive the car and shut up. put some tape over it.
Sad story about how the big one bullie the small one. Clearly both Hyundai and insurance company have ripped him off, and hurry up, destroy the evidence. NEVER as in NEVER, buy a Hyundai, and get a lawyer. Damm I feel sorry for him. 🤕🤕
sell it to woke democrat
Electric cars are a scam. I can’t believe how many if you were falling for this.
A mid size car with a turbo 4cyl has way less impact on the environment than an EV and is a TON cheaper!
Buy a new plastic cover and take it to another dealership
But EV Great 😂
Buy new scratch protector and kick that ev junk to the curb
Another part of this story is bullshit business practices on the part of insurance companies.  Why is this guy’s rate increasing 50% for 10 years over this???
😂😂😂😂😂 but it makes you believe its environmentally friendly
How can anyone buy EV's after hearing this, it's a mindblowing number, even half of that is still insane.
I love your journalism!  These events would not have come to light if it was not for channels like yours!
Who in their right mind would even consider an ev ?
Why wouldnt he get insurance involved to deem it totaled?
Nice looking vehicle.
Isn’t that what a skid plate is made to do? Protect what ever is under the skid plate? Scratches on the skid plate means nothing.
Not buying Korean car that's the lesson
welcome to the real world
Gotta love the crazies thinking electric cars are better for the environment. A minor scratch on a plastic covering, car is now totaled and worthless and how much waste is that causing on a one year old vehicle? Saving the planet am I right? Anyone? Hello? If people would seriously look into the electric car industry they would find there is even more waste in the builds than a normal gas powered vehicle. Just another scam in marketing, like the whole recycling industry and people fall for it.
Hit a Skateboard and have to write off a 100k Vehicle. Woke Cars make Broke Cars...
The bottom line: do not ever buy a Hyundai, Kia, or other Korean  made car.  This doubtless would not have happened with Toyota.
He fell for the electric car meme.
They have to install protection package for protection package so when protection package gets scratched, protection package will be unscratched. Until of course, dealership claim that if protection package for protection package is scratched then warranty is void. Then they have to introduce protection package for protection package for protection package....
Stupid dealer, end of story :). However, how on earth can the battery be so expensive!? I would have guessed ~15k. Crazy.
Why is everyone glazing over the fact that the battery is actually fine and this is just a big insurance scam?
So maybe don’t buy a hyundai. It’s not like they are known for quality or reputation
this whole electric car thing is a big hoax.
If you’re smart and you want an EV, Tesla is a better choice.
I don't understand why people are so duped about electric vehicles?! Electricity is generated 60% through coal in North America! You've replaced gasoline with coal! Not to mention the efficiency loss between the burning of coal and the end plug that goes into the vehicle! You've increased the carbon footprint by several times!
Electric cars are a scam
Never buy a EV car just lease so its not your problem
EV’s equal less parts. The problem, those parts cost much more. This is insane.
Toyota has a New 10k Truck. That battery costs 6x that? Electric Cars are Very expensive Junk.
I planned to get another Ioniq 5 for my daughter.  After this video I am going and get a gasoline car for her.
To 'The Greens'   : What percentage BY WEIGHT is recyclable with a battery car? Fifty percent? Now compare with ICE car.
Great advert to buy a petrol car
Way to go Hyundai - screw one customer, then loose thousands of future sales - Great business model and customer service!
Heres an answer for all who dont own an EV. DONT BUY ONE. The tech is not where it should be, costs are too high &  if you think you are reducing your 'carbon footprint' ; you are  fooling yourself...these batteries are poison to our planet start to finish. Ohh and one other thing, STAY AWAY FROM HYUNDAI / KIA for just this kind of lousy quality and service....I really feel sorry for this guy!!
Hummmm. i wander what Tesla's take on this is.
The lesson is don't buy electric unless you want a horrific wake up call in 5 years. There is no longevity and no long term future for these cars.
At this time, the EV technology still seems to be not efficient enough to compete with the traditional gasoline car technology. Too bad for the technology, as well for the owners because of the insurance and the TCO. The engineers need to take into account many things happening to the car like a possible partial battery damage (rear, front or the middle), e.g., divide the battery in ten blocks or more or improve the protection of individual parts.
The solution is simple. Stay away from EV's and move to Alberta.
Canada should change their name to Kafkastan.
This is why we're not ready for EV's yet. The cost of batteries is ridiculous and unacceptable.
Truth about evs the hype train has crashed
I was quoted  $2000 for a new water pump (including labor)  for my 2017 Ford Escape. My Ford escape is worth $6500 USD.  Crazy.
OMG, this is unbelievable. I have the same model and am now scared to drive it. If this happens to me.
These cars are made to lease, only idiots buy electric cars. They are totalled after a decade or less.
I’ll Never buy Hyundai EV!!
Never buy Hyundai. Nor Kia. Nor most American brands. You’re just asking for trouble when you buy these. Only exceptions with American is higher-end models.
If I were him I would never consider another Hyundai vehicle unless they offered to discount another new car to the equivalent of how much he'll pay in additional insurance costs over the next 10 years. I have a new Model 3 Performance and I would write off the Tesla brand if something like this happened to me. The manufacturers need to think long and hard on this issue if they expect their EV's to sell going forward and the government might need to step in and regulate situations like this.
The canadian govt wants to MAKE us buy these cars, with 100% sales by 2035 being EV's. Get used to this people, its coming! Good luck!
Well that leaves Hyundai out of it for me buying an EV (EV.. ER)
Never buy an EV. Too much red tape on anything for that vehicle.
Go with Tesla
Don’t buy the electric car lie!!
Sounds like this is a defective design
I nearly went through with an EV but ended up going for a hybrid. If this had happened to me I’d be terrified!
So you’re not buying a car when you buy this Ionia. You’re buying a battery that just happens to have a car attached to it. 🤦‍♂️
For having been in the parts supply industry. Most car (and appliances too actually) reseller apply a simple x3, x4 or even x5 to the cost of parts. While this makes some sense when you are selling smaller parts and this kind of pricing structure can cover handling and shipping internally (e.g. $1 bolt resold for $4 and so on), it get absolutely ridiculous when you apply this accross the whole parts inventory. It is no wonder expensive parts like full motors, engine, battery packs, seats, full climate boxes or dashboards end up posting ridiculous price. While the battery might indeed cost the dealer $10k or just under that, the automatic x3 or x4 applied to the cost makes the end price absolutely non-sensical and inflate the price beyond the actual car cost as new ($40k+ on this Ionic 5). Cars are sold with very small margins of profits, but spare parts are essentially 75% profit. Don't believe me? Check most online parts stores and see that they have basically a blanket 20% rebate on all parts, including those battery packs! The pricing structure is just applied automatically to ALL PARTS, so that the overall profit margins expressed in % are good. Having spoken with many colleagues in parts department, they will generally apply generous rebates on those large ticket items, as the net benefice is good anyway. Recent example, I bought a new leather covered dashboard which was $6100 CAD, on which the parts manager issued me a 50% rebate no problem on the part. His cost was about $2000 for it, and he felt totally good with having a net profit of $1000 on a single item sale... Tell me the pricing models aren't broken...
Apart from initial price, fire risk, range anxiety, lack of infrastructure etc,  here is yet another reason why anyone even thinking about buying an EV has rocks in their head !!
Tell kale to buy a merc w124 300d
I wouldnt go near an EV until the battery situation is fixed. Weak distance, fire hazard, expensive.
So if there are scratches in the battery protection cover under the car, it voids the battery warranty???   That is such BS!!!  Covers can be scratched from normal wear and daily driving.....
Oh, but it is SO ecological. 🤣🤣🤣  You cannot cure stupid.
Would never buy an EV car!!!!   Battery nightmare is real!!!
So if he were to have gotten into an accident and the battery was damaged, would that also have voided the warranty?
Cars with batteries are pointless.
Fear, run for the hills, fear…
Thank you for this story
Dealership trying to rip off its own customers.
The dealerships have no idea how to support BEV vehicles. It's that simple
Wait. Didn't they see the mistake on the invoice? The price for the part was $6449.98 in both the list and net columns. Then someone fat-fingered the amount column and hit an extra digit, making the price $50000 over list and net price. If you search the part number, you can find that battery online for $6334.93. I think the real news story here is that nobody investigated anything.
Ok .I fix this battery for 30.000$
U must feel very ECO
i will never buy an electric car
i had to get a new battery for my Skoda few months ago, £60.00.......oh btw its a 1974 skoda :P
The EV scam continues.
They will probably fix it and resell it to recover their insurance costs.
That's why they are worthless second hand!
I don't know about other countries, but in The Netherlands you have something like 12 months to roll back an insurance claim, pay back the money you got from the insurance company and they will clear the slate, so you'll have your discounts back. This will only work if the car is still in their posession of course. I think Hyundai and the dealership could use this option to set things right for the customer. This is no good advertisement for electric cars.
Thanks Kyle and good luck, I almost signed for a new Palisade Calligraphy this week. Even though it's gas powered I want nothing to do with this company. Going back to the Toyota dealership.
WOW Food for thought on buying an EV.  That's where the swappable battery technology might gain the advantage.
Easy way to make money off You Tube yawn 🥱
Hyundais are JUNK. Not surprised their EVs are junk too.
But what's wrong with the car? Scratches? So what? This doesn't seem to be the whole story
No sympathy.  If you buy a Hyandai then you get everything coming to you.
Im waiting another 10-15 years for anything electric. Batteries should be warrantied 100% for 10 years. Battery covers and any damage for NORMAL wear and tear should be covered. its BS to take advantage of ppl like this. Electric cars are NOT worth it for ppl who dont make 6 figures a year consistently. Fully electric is NOT the way rn. were not there yet....ICE should still be around another 25-30 years atleast
My understanding is that Lithium Iron Phosphate batteries are a vast improvement over Lithium Ion batteries, with longer lifespans and no risks of runaway combustion. Manufacturers are shifting over to this technology and I'll make sure my next EV has it. I don't think Kyle would have to worry about his Hyundai "exploding" if the battery was LiP-based.
ELECTRIC VEHICLES ARE NOT OUR FUTURE. WE ARE NOT BUYING!
Saving the planet $1 at a time
My understanding is anytime an EV car is in a fender bender, the battery maybe damaged/compromised by the impact. There is no way of checking the battery system. Car is total, by insurance company.
Andrea, My wife is dying to know the brand of your jacket you are wearing in this video
Batteries have become so large and expensive because people actually want range.  A modern EV battery takes like 9 hours to charge at 220 and days at 110.  Like 60 hours on 110.  That's a lot of cells and a lot of money.  Long way from a Prius hybrid battery or even a Nissan Leaf or something like that.
Some people still think EVs are going to save the world 😂😂😂
who would know , car manufacturers and dealerships trying to scam customers ?.. Electric vehicles being a bigger scam that regular cars is sad because most people want to do good for the environment, the advices the poor guy  had to make is ditch the electric car idea until batteries cost go down significantly ..
Democrats trying to make money back to the car industry and any other industry that's what they do by raising tax on those industries and then the industry lose money and have to charge more for products and services we all know that simple plane point blank.
The unknown reliability and replacement cost of EV batteries will force only lease options for the public. You will pay a rental fee all inclusive to drive an EV, that way no surprise costs and worthless assets when the battery is out of warrantee.
Doubt battery was actually damaged.Suspect a scam.
Volvo R I P  Volvo today is not more than Chinese junk , i have a 2022 electric Volvo , change battery under warranty, and now the electric motor is very noisy , back order from China , leak water inside like a pool , rusted underneath ,, electric car is like a BRAINWASHING  for people , DONT BUY VOLVO
Price per kWh on the pack level is said to be around 150 USD. For a Hyundai EV 5 long range with 77.4 kwh battery (74 kWh usable) that means, 77.4 * 150 USD = 11.610 USD which translates into 15.555 CAD,  about 1/4 of the price Hyundai is quoting of 61.162 CAD. That's stealing in broad daylight. Suggestion: Buy a car with a better battery underbody protection and have written into the contact the maximum price you can be quoted for a replacement battery, and have the price index regulated to current price of raw materials. It's a buyers market currently, so should be possible to have some concessions from the manufacturers.
Sorry, but this is not new news.  EV's are the biggest government concocted scam going.  The simplest way to fix this is to never by an EV.
The battery IS the car. Of course replacing it costs as much as a new one. Sheesh.
Now we all know to never buy a Hyundai and never buy an electric car.
Just look how much money that guy spent buying an Eevee 👎😫 piece 😳 Of you know what  ( Need a new battery Buy a new car ❤)  $56,000 for a NEW BATTERY 🔋OMG
I always ask everyone, what happens to your cell phone after a couple years of use? The battery drains quicker and loses capacity right? What do you think happens to these plug in cars? Also, auto makers never want to cover normal cars half the time. What makes anyone think they will cover these expensive things?
The biggest question I have is, how does a 15 year old afford a 60,000 dollar car?
I don’t trust Hyundai after visiting the dealership for an Ioniq5 and they tried to sell me a “second hand with 50km” for 20k more. This is in Calgary.
Sorry for the rant folks, but I really don't see the fascination with batteries in cars. Even hybrids. Battery technology is still so lacking in many applications, not to mention the fact that there are so many drawbacks. Some include 1) the ongoing destruction of the earth (mostly in poor countries where these minerals are mined, 2) having no way to ensure energy security and independence if we are dependent on foreign countries to supply the raw ingredients to power our economy, 3) their unstable and dangerous potential (there's a reason the gate agent at the airport asks if you have any Li-Ion batteries in your checked luggage) . Not to mention the extreme lack of suitable infrastructure that needs to be in place to make this all viable. Think about how many gas stations are in your town, city, state, etc. Now think about how many charging stations would need to go into operation in the span of a few years to get the vast majority cars switched over to the hybrid/EV platform. Not to mention the biggest question of all... where's all that net-new electricity going to come from? Here in California, we're always "playing at the margins" for electricity. Brown and rolling blackouts are nothing unusual during the summer (even in the high-tech capital of the U.S.). Last summer, our idiot governor set up a huge photo op to go on stage and brag how California is leading the way and that we'll be all-electric by 2032. Blah, blah, blah. Then embarrassingly, had to send out  a flex alert asking California EV drivers to not charge their cars between 4PM-10PM to reduce the load on the grid (which is when most folks probably charge their EVs). Not only that, he got caught secretly ordering the re-commissioning of the Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant which he bragged about shutting down just a few years prior! With regards this poor fella's $60K repair bill... what did you think would happen!? The whole thing is a scam! These are proprietary (non-standard) parts that probably need to be specially made since no one on the EV manufacturing side ever considered (or cared) about standardizing batteries for cars. Even though the world has been standardizing batteries since batteries first came on the market. Seriously WTF?
And this is another reason why Electric Vehicles are total fucking Garbage. Great for the enviorment, shit for your wallet when every day life hits you.
Wow what a bunch of thieves😮..Talk about exploiting consumers with the over inflated cost of batteries..BIG COMPANIES getting rich while ripping off the average consumer.. Disgusting! I was on the fence about buying an EV but after this story and many others I will take a Hard Pass and will continue to drive ICE vehicles instead.
Completely disposable cars.
Cars that are not designed to be repairable. That’s the future.
7 minutes in and you haven’t said if the car still works. A Tesla battery replacement goes for about $20K (US)
I am a long-time Hyundai owner. To see, what I call minor damage, on the protective plate and not inspect the battery is what is at fault. The protective plate shows scratches, but no dents that would indicate that it could have done damage to the battery. When they said the hole looked bigger than it should have, did they measure and verify that there was a change, or is that just guesswork? I think it is almost criminal that the battery costs more than the new car. As much as I would love to get an EV, this is the kind of thing that makes me second-guess the decision.
Somebody tested it for me, so I don't have to. Lmao
Hahahahahshahahahahahaa😂 don’t buy electric cars peeps
the pollution created to make that battery is more than an average car produces in 8 years
Just another dealer rip off
a " common sense " statement , in all fields of endeavors , you have people that are experts , mediocre and then " grease monkeys " . if it was me , I would keep driving that car. I would park it outside the house just to be safe .  that scratch did not PENETRATE , and at worst moved the battery. 10 years price increase WTF and this is road hazard , not reckless driving .
It smells of the dealership trying to get a chance of buying a cheap written off vehicle for scrap and then making money out of it. Maybe even in collaboration with the insurance inspector. Would not be surprised.
Great story! No EV car for me. Plus digging up for lithium and cobalt is damaging to the environment too.
welcome to the world of electric cars.  They do not save you money when you consider the cost of electric. They restrict your travel because of range limits. Trade in values are low because dealer will say batteries need replacing, and you get to sit in parking lots for hours waiting for a recharge.
You better think twice before you buy a EV JUNK Don't tell me they're green
Extortion -- The dealer finds an excuse, then picks up the car for nothing and has made 60K CDN.  All, too easy.  A neighbor picked up a Minicooper with all the options for $1200- replaced a wheel bearing which was pretty easy.   If you have access to an auto auction.    An alternative is that it raises the perception that Hyndai doesn't know how to build cars or run a business.  Its waste of advertising expenditures that far exceed what some sleazey individual tried to pull.   When Ray Krock ran McDonald's, a Franchisee could lose his investment with the drop or a dime (phone call then).  I've seen how he did it when a Canadian friend dropped a dime in the US.  The perception of providing a highly desireable product is worth its weight in Gold.  For their sales, and also their ability to attract alternative franchisers.  The way it looks right now, it seems that an innocent, trusting, youth, loyal to his heritage, was being exploited because of his trust.   Unless Hyndai acts quickly and generously, I believe they will have a difficult time. I like to think of the Admiral of the Raging Tides  and Yi-Sun-Sin -- 1597.  Also, in the Media  Ralph Nader vs GM  "Unsafe at any Speed" Jan Schilchmann vs WR Grace "A Civil Action"
This is clearly a dealership/ insurance/car owner scam. This is not reflective on the specific cad necessarily.  Some people are exploiting the situation. My problem is that your focusing on the car, but I'm at least glad it's very clear to me this story is about fraud.
I don’t get  it …It’s   a very small scratch  but  the  question is  now how come  the battery compartment is not well protected.  They could simple use steel plate  and not plastic cover. To me  it’s all Hyundais fault..Dude get  a lawyer.
Thats why you should keep your Subaru ICE engine. No batteries, no pain.
What a ripoff!
A related question is about the 48V mild hybrid batteries in some vehicles. These batteries cost about $3K and another $1.5K in labor to replace. In most cases they will be out of warranty when replacement arrives.
😂Sounds like Hyundai Kia is trying to OUTDO NISSAN on never using their warranties for their crappy cars!  I’m gonna put H/K on my list of never ever along with NISSAN!!!
And some people are still thinking electric cars are the future for saving $$$ over gas  😂😂😂🤦🤦
The only thing I learned about all this mess, is that I’ll never gonna buy toys!!!
once again the dealership model of purchasing vehicles has been shown for the rip off system that its is, 2nd no new battery on planet earth needed for that car or the like costs 60grand and the most expensive would be around th 20 grand level the customer has very valid grounds to sue
Wake up to the EV nonsense.
Yet another EV nightmare. As a Master auto technician, I smell a crooked dealership massive customer gouge going on here, The "impact area" was at the frame where the protective cover was attached and since there were no other photos, let's assume that's the only impacted area. That drain hole would be irrelevant to the issue. So unless there were clear impact marks on the cover and then the cover removed, then the battery tray itself inspected, I'm thinking this is just a major customer ripoff. You would be surprised (maybe not) at how many dealerships are so damn crooked as to try zhit like this instead of developing customer good will and loyalty by actually trying to help out customers resolve issues instead of short term gain by ripping them off like this. Now the entire brand, along with that dealership, are being discredited by negative publicity. Also a lot of people who might be waiting to buy a used EV are now aware of the money bomb that they may risk by buying one of these crappy things 'cheaper' than new. Millions of these stupid cars will wind up going thru the shredder after the life span of the battery is gone. So much for your 'eco friendly' car, huh?
Just another reason not to own an all electric EV. Waiting for New Hybrid  and Fuel Technology in the near distant future that will reduce carbon footprint without battery technology.
EV's = NO THANKS!
We should started with Kyle fisrt to better understand the story! 😂😂😂
I WAS planning to buy a Hyundai IONIQ 6, and my wife and I were at the dealership checking them out... BUT this story has made me stop and think about the future and I've decided to not proceed. Thanks for the eye opening story, and as a fellow Canadian, I'm happy to have found your channel.
EV is not future. Very Insight-full information.Appreciate Motormouth for bringing this up. its Not about Hyundai here but honestly its all about the industry in total.
Anyone bother to look at the clerical error , where someone added a 5 in front of the battery cost.........come on guys
One more step in this direction and the entire car will be a "non serviceable part".   You'll get a rock chip on a windshield and get told to buy a new car.
Corporations doing their best to make people's lives harder every day
Isn’t the protector cover there to take scratches instead of battery?? This is crazy… If anything it’s Hyundai’s fault for manufacturing a protector cover that is not up to the task.
OMG  This push by governments is insane and needs to be stopped immediately.   The whole green agenda is only going to destroy our economy and peoples lives but do nothing for the planet.
Legislation required
My boss was just telling me yesterday at work his friend in BC had his Ioniq looked at after running over something and scrapping the cover, what are the chances I find a video about his car the next day off my homepage lol.
EVs are generally like an old mobile phone. You don't repair it, you buy a new one. It has become fast fashion on an even bigger scale. No one in their right mind, would buy a secondhand EV if this might lurch behind the corner.
Yet another reason NOT to buy a EV..... Thx Hyundai for making the choice easy.........
Crazy. Insurance companies wont be able to keep that up. Fees will go up, eventually they will have to decline insuring EV's. With no insurance, you cant drive. So what does that mean for the future of EV's?
It’s interesting that you didn’t cover the actual risk from an impacted or exposed lithium battery….Burning alive in your vehicle or setting a parking structure on fire.
This makes me very apprehensive of new EV’s.  Definitely, I will wait till I see the experience of EV drivers over a longer period of time.  Hopefully, battery replacements become cheaper and battery production ramps up along with battery recycling.
The lesson is, don't buy an EV!
Don’t buy EVs
I feel bad for the guy but buying a ev because it’s trendy or to save fuel costs. His words . It’s not smart. The real cost is to look at cost per charge and also stay away from trendy when it comes to your person transport. Unless you have a reliable mode and you get your cool trendy vehicle for extra. That’s fine. I hope the best for the guy. What a slap in the face. Also I’d look into dealerships too how good are they really. Many screw people over everyday.
I’ve been seeing a number of these types of issues popping up. The reality is setting in. 😄 also what will happen when the car gets old and they don’t make a new battery for it anymore? I have an old laptop that they don’t make a battery for anymore. I have an old camera they don’t make batteries for anymore. You can’t make every EV battery in the same shape and format without making all EV’s identical. So at some point when the manufacturer changes designs, your battery may be obsolete, then when your battery quits, your vehicle is done!
Without knowing or confirming the damage, requiring the owner for replacement is crazy!
The moral of this story is, NEVER take the word of a Dealership!
thats how dealers operate. Low IQ morons. Everyone who takes any vehicle for almost any component is ripped off. They love it & laugh at the consumer when it costs more to fix something than the vehicle is worth.
Don't buy Hyundai!
Buy a Tesla and leave the imitation EV's alone people
Buy electric they say! It's the future they say!
EVs are a massive scam. A family friend had a similar issue with a new Toyota. The battery just stopped working. The dealer says "sorry guy its not under warranty." He would have to pay over 30,000 to fix the car. He let the car go back to the dealer and just walked away.  I'll stick with my Mustang GT, thank you very much.
The OTHER side of EVs.... sigh.  More and more, no matter how much they claim how good they are, they are not always good for people.   EV batterys can be repaired, This would cost 1/5 of the cost of replacing it.  The infrastructure is not setup for this and SHOULD be before anyone should buy a EV.  Here is the truth, they make a GAS version this car.  If you did the same thing (ran over something) in a gas car, they would know RIGHT AWAY by looking under its what damage you did.  Even if you wrecked the motor (worst case) and it needed a complete motor replacement, it would under $15K for a smaller motor.  No where close to $60K....
Last year I went to my Hyundai dealer to get my winter tires on.  They told me at the time that my battery cover was cracked and it looked like I had hit something.  (Damn those tall speed bumps.) The cost was a few hundred dollars.  There was absolutely nothing about my battery being "impacted" or this even affecting my warranty.  While Hyundai may not want to publicly state this, the Hyundai dealer Kyle went to was likely not qualified to make the decision.
Keep wasting your money people, these global warming fearmongers are laughing all the way to the bank.
Buy a good used ICE car. There is no fuel savings on an EV for at least 100K Km.
Gee what if a video about this was on .... lets say  You Tube. Would the  public be less likely  to buy a EV? OOO, OK!
That's where they want this EV thing to go. You don't get a car in their future plans. Only the rich and powerful do. You ride public transport or not at all.
DO NOT BUY A HYUNDAI EV in Canada if that's the procedure for hitting a small object....a battery that costs more than the car???  You are liable for the battery ??? AND take it up the butt on insurance ??? You have got to be kidding my friends.  THIS IS NOT RIGHT.....AT ALL.......what about an electric SUV that gets scratches on the pack all the time?  This guy should not be stripped of his ROAD-STAR...absolute BS.
Isnt it a protective cover for a reason. Sounds like the dealership are conartist.
So don't buy a Hyundai until they have a better policy! and of course a reasonable replacement price. Don't forget the dealer gets around 40% of the price!
Every EV and Hybrid with battery damage IS worthless……and also a fire hazard. There is zero environmental benefit to buying an EV. Hybrids are waaay better environmentally.
This guy got ripped off by Hyundai. Period. Hyundai dealers don't want to sell EVs and this is just another example. He also doesn't strike me as a very savvy consumer either.
Well buy more EV…..
Very informative!  Very unfortunate situation.
When you got your mobile phone damaged - you don't go to the service to repair it, you just go and buy a new one. EVs are also "gadgets", not cars.😅
This is why I would never buy a electric vehicle too many bullshit with this types of vehicle only gas for me cheaper to fix quicker to fill up and no restrictions when traveling there are gas stations everywhere
I find this story to be one of terrible journalism and someone who was given bad advice. Always get a second opinion. Shame on you two for sensationalizing a story like this. Are you trying to dissuade people from buying EVs? Do stories about how people find an EV to be a great vehicle.  Please find a competent host and can convey useful information.
after seeing this I will never buy a EV.
I wouldn't doubt it if the dealer just bought it off the insurance and resold it because they knew nothing was wrong with it.... crooks
That Bentley hybrid that exploded at the border recently also got a scratch on the battery cover just before exploding
FYI, every car warranty is voided if you run over large rocks, deep puddles of water, or creeks.  This should have been covered 100% by the owners accident insurance, because he obviously ran over some rock slide debris.  My car insurance would cover this.  This story is about a one vehicle car accident.  Don't drive over rocks.
Never liked these Korean models. Stick with my Honda
I WILL '''NEVER'' BUY AN ELECTRIC CAR. I WILL BUILD A DUNE BUGGY BEFORE I BUY THAT PCS OF SH^*
whats wrong with  your top lip? the one on the passanger side
electric cars are lame
Get a Tesla Mate, at least they have 8 years battery warranty.  P.S. He looks Korean maybe that's why he got Hyundai
I would tell the shop to pound sand, and i would continue driving the vehicle as is. Scammers
Do they even have proof that the battery is damaged?  They can't just change the cover out?  That's a design flaw and Hyundai should be responsible for the battery.
Hyundai should respond if they want to limit the product image damage.   Firstly, as an engineer, I’d question the performance of the battery protection shield, it failed to protect the battery…..while from image, I’m convinced the investigation into damage was rather poorly conducted and surprised ICBC did not call for at least removal of the battery protection cover to access any possible damage to the battery. Never assume because you go to a dealer, they are skilled. I can tell you, I have an EV and the dealer is piss poor on even covering the delivery and functioning of features.   So, start by sending a lawyers letter to Hyundai claiming poor performance of the battery shield, register a claim in Supreme court and you probably get a professional response that same day from HQ.   You were surely never expected to design your own underbody shield for what seems like an every day scrape on some of the roads in BC. Besides, HEY SALESMEN !!!! Use this line with your next customer, “our battery replacement is more than the value of this car” and see how many EV’s you sell. Absolute display of poor product image, Hyundai should really be worried about the Ionic’s standing ready to be sold. Even Tesla is only $20k for new battery.
Sounds like the normal typical STEALERSHIP ROUSE to me.  🐄  🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼
Stealership?
I'll never buy an EV.  This kind of thing is for wealthy people. No one ordinary can afford that
Wow, Im scared to even dreaming to buy EV, still gas one then, but the maintenance are expensive especially the oils.
This story makes me want to give my Tesla Model Y a huge hug.
Another reason to not buy a Hyundai/Kia
Test drove one before, but now never buying a Hyundai. Thanks for sharing this drivers problem. Shouldn’t have to go to head office for outrageous prices. That needs to be fair by default.
Well, I don’t see very many people spending more to replace the batteries in the car itself cost! That’s when I’ll just simply leave that expense to someone else, and get something different!
I am buying a Tesla this month
What a way to save the planet, scrapping a vehicle for a scratch on the battery protection cover!  What's the carbon footprint on that?
How many potatoes is that?
I have decided I'm not buying an electric car.
Dont buy Hyundai. For people hated Tesla, this is a slap to their face 😂😂. Tesla batteries don’t cost that much to replace, for sure not $60k
They don’t call them stealerships for nothing.
This is why electric vehicles will never work
They can stick all their electric cars!!!
I think I will keep driving my ten year old, 300k mile gas powered Toyota for a while.
You people need a lawyer, dealers and insurance assholes are the worst, sue them quit wasting your time, keep us posted
As it is right now EVs are just not the solution. This problem is just one of many in the line. Electrical supply, making batteries, too heavy cars are some of the problems that just aint solved. The EV business is a scam.
Another reason not to buy an electric car.
This is not an inherent problem with EV's.  This is a problem with lazy/ignorant/corrupt stealerships, and legacy automakers who are only grudgingly getting into EV's due to mandates and have no incentive to bring down costs or improve the buyer experience because they honestly dont care about growing market share, only doing the bare minimum to check the box so they can continue to sell gas guzzling SUV's.  Bottom line is if you want a good EV, buy a Tesla.
Before buying an electric car, find out replacement cost of parts first.
This is why you should never buy an EV from an ICE car company.
I drive my cars full of gas, 40 years later no fires… 😂ev scams, stay away! Besides co2 is food for trees , climate change yes, no climate crises though; lies😮
There’s a reason people are rightfully not buying EVs in the numbers the government wants us to. Not ready for prime time. You can get a new motor for a Tahoe for like 10. Give it another decade. Enjoy ICE. We just bought a pilot with a v6. Very happy.
Wow.  I don't think I'll be getting a Hyundai EV.  That's a horrible design.
List price for battery is $6649.98  where did they get $66,000.  Unless Canadian dollar has taken a bigger tumble than I knew.
Go Green ! rolf
I'll never buy an EV ..scam on wheels
Ok, I will NEVER buy a Hyundai. Thank you! I was considering the SUV. Not anymore.
If you buy an EV right now, you’re either an idiot or very wealthy. Or both.
So the battery cost $60k does that mean rest of the Hyundai car is free ? mhh dont think they really cost $60k? That business model does not work for Hyundai saying the battery is 100% cost of the car which is rubbuish  meaning every other part the manufacture makes a loss on building the car.
Virtue signaling can be expensive.
Moral of the story, don’t buy that overpriced electric garbage, stick with what is proven , gas and diesel powered vehicles , a motor replacement is under $10,000 with a warranty, plus this myth of saving the planet lowered carbon emissions propaganda bs… check the power source that the electricity is coming from, chances are it’s a carbon emitter coal fired plant 😂😂😂
Getting our 3rd battery on 2015  kia soul EV under warranty which had an error code after BMS recall service. This would have been $16,000. Whew. But at least 13 others experiencing the exact same issue after the recall work. What's going on here?
I was considering buying an IoniQ5. Now I won't touch it with a six feet pole.
The most amazing part: People buying these things. I have waterfront property in Arizona . Plenty of suckers out there.
Buyer Beware: EV's including hybrids are far more disposable than traditional vehicles. They are not built to last more than 5 years. I would certainly avoid buying a used EV. Many have found the battery will quickly fail and then you have a massive replacement cost which is more than the value of the vehicle.
He should just drove it and stayed away from Stealership
That is why you sell your EV before the warranty expires. Fossil fuels will be a thing of the past
Hope they offered some lubricant with that battery replacement.
Should have just got a new cover and replaced it yourself!
" Saving the planet". We all know, this is pretty much a joke. Yes, electric, hydrogen, will probably take over some day. For now, c'mon, the planet is no where near ready for these disasters on wheels. Typical consumers: They make it, and sell it, it must be good.
Why wouldn’t he just continue to drive it?  Apparently it operates fine.
the design of EVs  and business models are a complete ripoff.  These cars are just giant iPhones and are difficult tot service. The impact on  insurance rates is yet to be seen, but it is quite clear that it will impact nt only people who drive TVs, but everyone else.
battery warranty void is the normal procedure for all manufacturers.. all it takes is drive in rain or expose car to rain.. not a rare thing for them to charge more than amount of car........ it is a great way for insurance cos to have reason to raise every ones rates
EVs are the biggest scam by the car industry
These cars are garbage we need to wait for technology to approve. That’s what you should be focusing on and telling people to save their money on these vehicles they’re not helping the environment look at the resources required to build and charge these vehicles in a daily basis.
Imagine driving around in a vehicle that at any moment a small pothole or a rock or fender bender could render that vehicle unsafe and into a potential fire bomb, and that it would cost more than the purchase price to replace the battery. EV will die off in the next 5 years.
First they say the insurance increase is 50% then they say it's double. Which one is it.
People dont buy an EV,  from  Hyundai hit them  where it hurts, in their pocket.  Also if the future are Ev's , manufacturers should have a battery repair facility, if they are so into going green,  and this happens to most customers, just imagine the amount of waste thats ceeated by all the lithium batteries
This is a problem with EV’s in general…the Battery. This is and was obviously was unacceptable, but it’s a problem that’s going to affect ALL EV’s!! EV’s are basically just big “toys:” and not really viable cars, especially not here in Canada.   When a companies battery is worth MORE than the car, there is a problem… That is the “power source” and it’s expected to be able to drive your car. To have a warranty be “voided” by an “impacted battery” in the first place, is just as unacceptable. Regardless of whether or not the company is involved, the battery problems are always going to be an issue, especially here in Canada.   EV’s are disposable cars and should drivers should be reminded of that when they purchase it.
Took my 2012 Sonata, to Stevenson Hyundai, in Jacksonville, N.C. in 2018. The little chubby blonde service writer, tried her best to rip me off. Long story short, got rid of the Hyundai.
I have owned an Ionic, and I would purchase one again.  Can’t say enough about the quality of the vehicle.  Just surpasses anything I had owned to date.  But Kyle is a victim here.  There is no way that the structural integrity of the battery can be determined without actually looking at it.  The dealership thought they found an easy way to make themselves a few extra bucks by selling him a new battery or another car.  And they are using scare tactics to frighten Kyle into believing his car is about to explode.  Something similar happened to me years ago, but with a gas engine car.  The dealer refused to repair or even honour the warranty on the vehicle.  I went straight to the company headquarters of Suzuki Automobile division.  The CEO flew out from California to Florida where I live and made the dealership fix my car, free of charge.  I was so impressed with that customer service that I purchased 3 more Suzuki cars in the years after that.
Kyle looks just like a wimp that would buy a crapola ev.
Ev = suckermobile … stop buying this POS vehicles … dealers makes money, more money that sales from their parts and services…
You can buy a lot of gas for $60k!
ev manufacturers need to toughen the battery pans on the bottom with i dont care what but  anything short of a pickaxe/rebar poking a hole or a 2 foot wide 3 inch deep dent should not void the warranty. that is INSANE.
He got what he paid for............UNCERTAINTY !
The problem here was the guy took it to be checked for no reason 😂😂😂
I find it hilarious that an ev will have absolutely 0 value after 8 years and the battery is toast. Now factor in actual cold enviroments like the prarie provinces where it gets to -40c regularly battery life drops even more. How can these thing be better for emissions if you need to replace the entire car after that long but a gas car will be viable for 20 years.
And this is why I’m NOT interested in getting an EV car anytime soon. And this video totally destroy Hyundai brand. Not sure about others, but for me NO to Hyundai.
Keep saving the world you gullible EV fans. You’re doing an awesome job.
Garbage
Lol he met criminals who saw him as an easy target
Roughly $45k USD for the US viewers and that price is insane 😮
I will never in my lifetime buy an electric car
EV's the future! LOL
Stick to fossil fuel vehicles. No brainer
Just convert it to a gas car...
This was already resolved by Hyundai when it made national news. They warrantied the battery in his Hyundai/"Gillette Razor."
The battery is only damaged if the BATTERY is damaged.  Fuel tanks have a protective cover over them  they get damaged all the time, it don’t  mean it’s damaged the tank itself.  The cover is there to protect the battery.  The scratches I see I would be willing to wager the battery is 100% ok.  The scam of electric cars is such a joke. These people should be sued and left with nothing.   Lesson… DO NOT FALL FOR THE EV SACM!- green  bullshit .  And yes I speak with knowledge.  I’ve owned and operated a collision repair shop for 25yrs.  Have him bring to me and I’ll replace the cover for him and he’ll be fine.
EVs are a con. There will be more scrapped than ICE cars because 2nd hand buyers are not going to be prepared to pay out for a new battery pack.
That's the most insane situation I have ever seen,, to not even check the battery, and then to fob the customer off with its probably faulty but we don't know,  and then to actually claim it could explode at anytime when they don't know the condition of the battery,, but the cherry on the cake has to be the manufacturer asking the customer if he wants to buy a discounted car,, err,,, hummm let's think,, to possibly have another car with a slippery dealer/ manufacturer,, er nah I'll pass 😂😂😂
Oh boy the price of saving the planet  a 1960 Vw bug can drive over rocks all day long 😅
I'd get something with decent ground clearance so there's no or very low chance of the same headache happening again perhaps a 4x4 if he can afford it 😊
so a brand new car with some scratches to the underbody is scrapped....that's very eco friendly....Ev cars will be unaffordable for most people.if this is going to be the norm.
Over here in the uk. We can’t cross the channel to Europe in an ev with even a tiny amount of damage.  They will not let you on the ferry or train.  People have been stranded in France with no way to get their car back to the uk due to very minimal damage
Due to these costs there is future in car ownership.  It was be rentals and leases once we all have to have an ev.   We’ll own nothing and be happy
EVs are a scam. One time use and throw non-recyclable garbage marketed as eco-friendly trash.
I would follow that car from the write off to its disposal, I smell something here, and it’s not the smell of a short circuit
Sounds like we need a viable alternative to EVs can't get much greener than condensation and oxygen 😊 guess we'll see if I can get it to work across all brand vehicles
I’m Canada, is a “write-off” the equivalent of a total loss?
I wonder if that's due to government involvement. All the subsidies the government  puts out doesn't help when it comes to repairs.
Dealership don’t understand warranty process, they think they have to pay for that out of their pocket when the brand is the one that pay for it. From the get go, they started wrong all the process beginning from the first diagnostic.
Oh joy scare tactics as well quite ethical business practices
If the battery by itself costs more than the sales price of the entire car, then Hyundai is selling their EVs at a loss?  As in, the entire cost of building the rest of the car around the battery? Think the easy lesson here is not to buy an EV.
This shows why, you should never buy a battery powered car. Period.
they had you at, ooh shiny.
Makes one wonder what/who the protective battery cover protects. I'm not against EVs but I don't think this would be the case in an ICE vehicle
This shows a larger problem with insurance companies  Canada wide.  When was the last time you heard of an insurance company going broke?  What’s the actual real world difference between paying “protection services” to gangs and paying insurance companies “protection services” for a service that will cost more in the decade of premium increases than he would have recovered from the insurance, if they cover it, if not then you still get premium increases.  Quite the scam, and no recourse available.
No Hyundai for me. Thanks.
Well it sounds more like a dealership trying to get over on the customer to me as an automechanic i see it a lot. more than likely the battery is fine and not damaged at all and they were trying to make a quick buck LoL but luckily you guys caught it and called em out on it SOOO hopefully you guys just kept that kinda bs from happening to someone else 😁😊
bul...t about ecology and electric cars!
Korean crap . Buy German or Japanese with combustion engine
easy ... quit dealer chip and find a expert in eletric car to replace and rebuil the batery cover, almost all off new dealer do not have know how to deap in eletric batery cars, and they allway wil void something to clear garanties. this is why is so  important that we need to secure write to repair for the future, or it will be a close loop. this days dewaler just whant classic repair nothing hard and tecnical. a dead fuse inside a controler fot the dealer is replace part, of undrest of $$.
OMG!  If a modest scratch on the battery protection plate is sufficient reason to VOID your vehicle warranty and require battery replacement, what good is the battery protection plate?  Plus, I must be a complete dimwit but, how did the circular opening expand?  There does not seem to be any visible damage to that area, metal does not shrink and therefore how could the circular opening possibly expand?  Also, if the dealership did not remove the protection plate, how do they know the battery was damaged?  The vehicle was still working, it was fully functional.  This entire dealer story makes zero sense and sounds like a complete money grab scam.
Looks good on all the dummies who purchased electric shit boxes. It looks good on them!!!
For me, this has been a concern from the beginning. Once I learned the true cost of battery replacement, I decided to steer clear of EV's....with the exception of my electric unicycle.
This guy hits something unavoidable in the road and loses his Good Driver discount. So, in Canada, if a moose runs across the road right on front of you and you hit it, you loose your Good Driver discount. What a crock of sh$t.
I just purchased a new 2023 Ioniq 5 at a massive discount and love the vehicle!   No regrets or complaints. Also got a 10 year / 100 K bumper to bumper warranty for less than 2K.  But I had not even considered this kind of scenario.  I think Kyle got royally screwed and hopefully your video will lead to changes!  I cannot believe the dealer unilaterally made that decision without contacting the head office and without inspecting the battery.  How can they possibly know the condition of the battery by just looking at the cover??  Also, 56K seems way high for battery replacement.  My understanding is that EV battery replacement costs are steadily decreasing.  Good luck Kyle - maybe the backlash will land you a new car!
There is nothing environmentally good about those electric lumps of shite.  Toxic to the core. Ridiculous people Ridiculous polices  Demons in charge
Definitely NO EV for me !!!!
A small price to pay for democracy
I will likely never, ever, ever buy an EV. Maybe a hybrid.
Without even watching this, I KNOW there is a lot going on out of sight; I would be investigating the dealership and any links to battery and car parts recycling businesses; especially if the dealership has a history of writing off new cars with minimal damage.
This is insane, I've certainly heard the 20k battery replacement stories, but one that costs more than the actual car is crazy...
What makes sense? 1) Don't buy an EV. 2) Don't buy a Hyundai.
Two problems here  Don’t buy Hyandai and don’t buy an EV they’re destroying the environment
Or - just keep driving the car as is since according to the story, the only indication of a problem is some scratches on the cover. DUH - am I the only one that sees how dumb this supposed problem is.
Uhhh Kyle was stupid for even worrying about it & if the car was giving no problems with driving or charging! Why would you even take it to a dealer then? The dealer was jus seeing a golden $ payday with the car for repairs, it's doubtful they would even replace the year old battery but would replace the battery cover to make it look new.
The invoice shows the price List and Net at $6649.98, which suddenley become $56649.98 - an extra $50,000 has appeard in the total. Pehaps a mathematical problem?
Thanks, very useful info.  Maybe blowing up was an exaggeration and maybe it wasn't but that with replacement cost is a show stopper for me. At least for the foreseeable future.
At the very least, no single part of a vehicle should exceed 50% of the base MSRP. Even Tesla, which is known to have high repair costs, is a lot cheaper when it comes to batteries. I guarantee that this guy's vehicle was either put back on the road with no repair work being done or it was dismantled for parts and the battery sold as a "good" used part.
No wonder our insurance is going up if they write-off brand new cars left and right (probably same for a Tesla and other EVs). At the same time this isn't an offroad rated SUV (I mean the part about there was something on the road and didn't know he hit it seems far fetched)
Why did the guy go to the dealer in the first place? Who goes gets a car inspected when nothing is wrong with the car?
The mechanics didn't take the cover off! Are they employing children? Surely a new bash plate is all that is required, if that?
Just think how much gas you can buy for $50/$60K dollars.
buying an EV as private consumer is one of the worst financial decisions you can make
Surely the protection plate did it's job. It doesn't look like a particularly hard scratch, it doesn't even look like it dented, all it looks is scuffed, something the plate was there to take so it protected the battery. All I have learnt from this post is not to buy Hyundai! On a side note, 60k Canadian, When the hosts were talking about this I built a mental image as to roughly the age of the owner. You could have blown me down with a feather when they introduced him. Looked about 12 😂 I'm in my mid 50's and I have never been in a position to spend even close to that kind of cash on a car! Maybe I should have taken note in lessons at school when i was a lad.
You display an unnatural degree of calm in this unmitigated disaster.    This story has ruined Hyundai NA.
That's an incentive to buy an EV by EYERY business doing these "deception-based" business models.  He should have only asked questions that would be asked with the dealership rep under oath.  He should've answered, ARE YOU CRAZY!! 😂😂😂😂😂
Hyundai and Kia are budget automakers they were when they entered the market in Canada and clearly they are still junk today. No thanks Hyundai Canada
That $60k quote was literally a "f* you price" ... They didn't want to touch it, so they gave you the price accordingly so there would be no chance you or the insurer would accept.
Definite joke as are all ev and anyone considering them.
Bye bye hyundai 😢
Looks like they took it to the service manager of the year  at the dealer of the decade...  I call BS
I think I am more horrified by your car insurance policies up there in Canada. Double the premium for 10 years? That's equally insane.
Practices this will cause people to lose faith in brands, as well as EVs.  In no sane world can you say a single portion of the car is worth as much as the entire car to replace.  Hyundai really needs to evaluate their practices and dealer network practices for things like this.  They used scare tactics to trick this customer into having his insurance his 1 year old car when it worked perfectly fine.   If such minor damage indeed damaged the battery, that SHOULD be covered by warranty, and Hyundai should be investigating how to better protect their battery packs.
I will never understand how any warranty can be voided by the very thing they are supposed to be triggered by.  That kind of BS needs to be cracked down on with the ferocity of a drunk fathers belt..
It's a knee jerk reaction to the potentially huge issue of a damaged battery.  Lithium based batteries, even the relatively safe (well compared to other lithium battery tech anyway) Lithium Iron (LIFe) batteries used in the vast majority of EV's are known to be very susceptible to thermal runaway issues if damaged. Nobody wants anything to do with that. It's why a lot of insurance companies in the UK will now no longer insure Jaguar/Range Rover EV's or Hybrids. Too many going thermal, or being stolen. The two that still do are asking 10's of thousands of pounds pa to insure. In Australia and the UK it is actually more expensive to fill an EV from a public charging point than to refill an ICE vehicle.  Add in the sheer distances involved in Australia, where you don't get the advantage of regenerative braking, your range is around 25-30% less than the advertised range for any EV, plus it only takes 5 minutes to fill and pay for a completely empty ICE.  There's a recent story of a woman with child having to refill an EV she had hired while on a trip between Sydney and Melbourne.  Middle of the night, after finally managing to find a signal for her phone she was stressed and upset with a very irate child and after 45 minutes still hadn't enough power in the battery to get her to the next (hopefully working) publicly accessible charging point.   Considering the costs in mining, processing the batteries, the massive weight increase that impacts tyre life, and suspension. Here in Australia electricity production is responsible for over 30% of all co2 tonnage, more than the entire transport system. So they are NOT Zero Emission, they are only "Remote Emission" at best. They're only cheaper to run in the narrow band of you being a totally urban motorist, able to charge at home or work, and if you never need to get them serviced, or repaired, and factor in the absolutely terrible resale they currently "enjoy" Maybe when there is true "green" energy production and grid storage, along with an honest breakthrough in battery tech, like "solid state" sodium based (which can be charged much faster and has no thermal runaway issues, even if you drive a spike through them), not the current claimed breakthrough Lithium tech that is at best a small incremental improvement. Then I'll look at an EV, currently, it's just "greenwashing"
And I really feel that you should name these dealerships. So Other people do not fall into this trap. These people need to be exposed because the dealership should not be in business they did not inspect the battery. They inspected a plastic cover that has nothing to do with the batteries function gross balls. Tell the dealership that is unacceptable answer and they need to do their job. If not, I’ll call Lawyer and it’s gonna cost you a lot more money.
No thanks, I'll keep my 03 Grand Marquis, 436,000 miles, original front end, engine, transmission, axle, and body....still runs like new....been with us since new...less than $1,000 in repairs since new..
$45,000 USA Dollars=$60,000 Canadian dollars..
No EV for me. Thanks for sharing
I hope everyone above a 61 IQ is seeing the real reason for the electric push. It shouldn't have taken nearly this long, and required such blatant evidence, yet here we are.
For one I know you think you’re trying to do the right thing by buying electric car to make one battery they contaminate over 15,000 gallons of water then there are vast pools where that water and chemical go to and that’s why they make them in Third World countries because it’s so toxic What comes from making these batteries then the battery only last so long don’t be fooled by this green deal of electric cars until they come up with better batteries. Their system is junk right along with solar panels. Solar panels are so toxic they’re worse than trying to get rid of uranium, but they don’t want to tell people this just like the windmills when they turn the junk there’s no scrapyard for them. They leave them piled up right where they were you get to look at all the debris from the windmills and that’s not saying the thousands of birds that these windmills kill you, your government knows about free energy devices but they won’t let the information out😡😡😡
This is why I'll keep driving gas and diesel car. Even maintaining two cars Mercedes-Benz S65 AMG and Lamborghini Aventador don't cost this much. If Hyundai Battery is $60,000 I bet Tesla Battery is $200,000
If the car is still running fine, don’t worry about it. That is why I don’t drive hybrids or any battery type car.
You seem just as surprised as all of the other electric car buyers that didn't look into future costs of owning something new that the world government leaders are completely supporting. There have been YouTube videos all over the place talking about this for the past 3 years about maintenance on the car costing more than the car itself yet people continuously buy these electric cars.
The "price" for a new battery is hugely inflated.  Hyundai purchases their batteries for far less, and even adding shipping costs they surely pay less than a third of that amount.  A qualified inspector could examine it, and if there is no visible damage could certify it as safe, releasing the owners from any liability if it should catch fire.  That Hyundai is not doing this is going to lose them a lot of sales.
Sounds like someone shouldn’t have gone to the seafood restaurant and ordered steak…get it???
Hyundai can make the whole vehicle, ship it to Canada, through a dealer and out on the road for less than $60K. Just to change the battery is over $60K. It cannot be anything like the actual cost to Hyundai.
And that's why I don't mess with EV's and Hyundai or kia.
The Koreans are slick operators, 10 yrs/100k means nothing if not approved by Hyundai or any other automotive rep for the companies involved. HQ should have jumped in from the start with this problem. So much for corporate/dealer image/reputation. I had issue with an LG fridge, the corporate response was good and bad. I will not buy any Korean product ever and certainly no EV at this time.  If I’m interested in a product, I start backwards and call customer service first to see what kind of response I get if any!
Several good reasons here not to purchase an EV
If the battery costs more than the final vehicle price, the company should be investigated for exercising price dumping practices… 😉
When you’re woke beesnatches, you’ll be broke beesnatches. I love these stories so much. I’ll bet you all think that you’d save money driving electric huh?  Surprise! I bet you’ll buy another electric anyway! Hilarious.
Two! Two! Two pieces of shit in one, an EV and a Hyundai.
Those who buy extremely toxic electric vehicles to "save the planet" are idiots. The battery production process is extremely harmful to the nature, while carbon dioxide is an important nutrient for plants and is not a pollutant. Those who buy electric vehicles in order to "save money" on fuel are brain dead. Even if you will be provided with so called "free" power supply forever, the difference in cost between electric vehicles and normal vehicles will never pay off.
EVs are a scam.
This basically theft from manufacturer to dealership knowing that the customers have no choice but to accept what is said.  PEOPLE DO NOT BUT ELECTRIC CARS YET.  They are not worth the paper they are written on.
Watching this from Europe, I did a quick Google search using that part number for the battery. Autonation in California have them for $32,262.96. That equates to $43224.30 Canadian dollars. Still expensive, but a lot cheaper than the dealership. Would the dealer get a discount on that price? In any event, it makes you wonder if there was something underhand going on at the dealership? I wonder if you can find out where the car will be auctioned, as I think it will be a good buy! As an aside, I think it's long overdue for there to be a standard battery size, like you have for torches (flashlights) remotes, toys etc the AA, AAA, C2, etc. That way, if you have a battery issue, you have more places to source a replacement, plus, if the EV company goes out of business, at least you'll be able to find a replacement battery.
Buyer use caution if conciderating the purchace of a EV as they will most likly never come  about ! New problems keep poping up and old ones still have not being solved. Who in their right mind wants to wait 45 minutes every 200 miles for a battery re-charge? Plus Insurance companies are conciderating not insuring EV's due to fire possibles.
So? What's the problem? Dump the car and buy a new one. Make sure you dump the old one somewhere where lawmakers will see it as much as possible.
Horrible fact.
Thanks for the video, not considering a Hyundai anymore 👍😄
Time to Toyota
Kid seems naive.
Sound like the dealer want you to buy a new car from them when they quote $60000 to get you to use your insurance to total it. Anyway, serve you right for a dumb $55000 Hyundai buy over a base Tesla.
How come it says that the list price is 6649 dollars and they are charging him 56k for the battery?
Another horror genre from EV world.  Will stick with Toyota ICE.
Never buy an electric car.  Nuff said
What is this nonsense? You have a scratch on a battery cover? Who is the idiot here. Hyundai, Insurer, or the owner. Hard to decide. Stupid all over.
Cheated for sure
Ouch.. i have cancelled my ioniq5 order last year.. glad i did.   If im not mistaken, battery on Tesla are less expensive.  Like around $30k canadian which is about the resale value of a Tesla after 2 years.
HYUNDAI must give Kyle a new car for FREE and pay his insurance too. Otherwise CANCEL HYUNDAI.
part of the problem is that these EV manufacturers are not designing their batteries to be easily removed.  If they designed these cars with quick change, easily removeable batteries from the beginning - they could easily assess damage and change out components when things get damaged.  It all comes down to two words:  Planned.  Obsolescence.
Get another quote. Whoever gave you the quote is ripping you off.
moral of this story?   dont buy electric...
Until this industry figures out battery replacement affordability, I don't think this is viable or feasible.
In the U.S. a comprehensive claim does not impact your insurance cost.
The logic of corrupt democrats….🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Mistake #1:  buying a Hyundai Mistake #2:  not buying a Tesla Mistake #3:  all of the above  LOL  People just don't learn.  Never buy a POS Korean car.
I really have te urge right now to run out and buy a kia electric car !
No different from when you buy an apple computer vs say a pc, be prepared to pay a hefty price for parts. Turth is only buy a car that you can truly afford, and do your research! Truth is EV's doesn't really save you money, not only is it expensive, but depreciation is way alot worse than ICE cars if you look down the road of say owning an EV car, when your done paying for it, "financing" basically it has no resale value, unlike say a honda civic after 5-7 years it still holds 50-35% of its residual value.  Would you buy say a 5 year old EV that has say 100k on the odometer, the best of the best battery chemistry only last 6000 life cycles, thats a lifepo4 battery, but most EVs have lithium ion or in some cases Nickel Metal  Hydride, what maybe best case scenario 2000 charge cycles? Do the math at 365 days a year, if you charge every night, thats what 5 years, then what after? Would you still buy a used one after? Considering the cost to replace those stuff? Truth is, were gonna be stuck in a world later where there's gonna be more junk cars in the scrap yard than ever before than compared to regular ICE cars, so is that helping the environment?   Wake up everybody, EV's aren't the solution to our problem, at the most its just a band aid.   EV's are truly more like cellphones they are disposable. You'll never see an EV considered as a classic car 20 years down the road.  That's why some car manufacturers are really looking at alternative fuel, because truth is batteries are not the future.
Seems like this Korean buyer is biased to Korean cars. No sympathy.
What's hilarious is none of you can protect yourself from your own stupidity. It's simple really, don't participate in your own destruction because you're a slave to convenience.
Ah, capitalism
They have clearly have a typo in the quote, as the list price for the battery is 6,649.98 and the net is 6,649.98 but the total is 56,649.98, if you look at the labour this is 1,566.50 for all 3. They've clearly put an extra '5' in there but are too embarrassed to admit it 🤣
This is already a widespread issue with EVs. And yes, they do spontaneously explode.
His car was fine he shouldn’t of even taken it in the first place. Damn beta males can’t even look under their own cars nowadays..pathetic
No.  This is dealer negligence or a scam.  And are you suggesting non EV caf owners never get scammed?  🤡👍👍👍
How can Thay make money selling a car cheaper than the battery cost something a little fishy on the pricing someone seems to be trying to make a killing for the battery no way they going to sell you a car 1000 cheaper than the battery cost
Does the insurance get to keep the car? Can they sell it without warranty on the battery to recoup the cost?  If so, sounds like the insurance company would benefit because they can sell the car well bellow market and charge more premiums and still make profit in the long run. The dealer probably just didn't want to deal with the problem and decided to give an insane quote knowing that insurance would just write it off.  So dodgy insurance + lazy dealer is a possible theory to me.
EV´s are a HUGE scam.
Based EV making my jag look cheap to run
Barley any damage. Just light scratches on a panel. I wouldn't go anywhere near Hyundai again
This is obvious that Asian manufacturers / countries are aware that the western world are trying to force their citizens to buy Electric cars and their having a laugh at us by raping us and ramming their finger up our arse...... It has never made sense to me that if the Western world are forcing electric car on their citizens then why haven't the Western countries controlled the manufacturing of the batteries....
What are you people trying to explain, or do? at 7:00 she says " I never thought a 1 year old vehicle would need a batter replacement"  WELL the battery has been damaged and needs repalacing in any car, even if it's 2 weeks old.  You repeat and contest all the way throught this upload, after seeing this pointless upload all the way to the end I see no value or point in what you are trying to explain. If a ICE vehicle is 1 year old and needs a new engine and gear box with drivel line I would imagine the cost of replacemnt by a dealer with labour would also be at least the same cost as a new vehicle.
Ev is not better for the environment.
Simply looking at the invoice you can see that somebody added a five to the price mistakenly, adding $50K CAD to the part price. The local Hyundai dealer here (Florida) quoted $6778.38 USD with tax which is $9081.33 CAD. Sad this car is getting bad press about this. I have a V8 Charger and V8 Ram etc. I'm not a fan of electric vehicles, thermal runaway of lithium batteries which is extremely dangerous isn't talked about enough. Until the batteries aren't spontaneously taking out homes, parking structures (London one completely destroyed and collapsed) and car carriers (Netherlands was poisoned with this recently) if you're in a car parked or garage or whatever you want to call it just have an escape plan because the gases emitted are toxic and non-alivey (this curtailment of free speech is hypocrisy, thought you had to be 13 to use YouTube, let's put bubble wrap and cushions all over our words, what's next baby talk will be required?)
This video alone is enough to make people think twice before buying a BEV!
This seems like it’s designed to create fear uncertainty and doubt about evs.  All evs come with excellent battery warranties (like 8 years 160,000km or more). I love my evs.  I’ll never go back
I made a huge mistake buying a Tesla Model S once. Nothing but problems. Got rid of it before two years. Took a huge hit on the trade. Less than half what I paid for the piece of junk. Never again EV.
EVs - One of the biggest cons of recent years. No real infrastructure to recharge, Anxiety of older EVs with potential battery Issues, not cheap to replace batteries, this video a prime example of stupidity at the highest level. Blame Elon Musk for this. Oh and these EVS are supposed to save the environment - really, let's talk about how the electricity is generated in the first place - let's talk about the mining required for battery production?
I would claim that the battery protection is not fit for purpose, so if the battery is damaged, it is Hyundai's  fault. Also, the protection should be re engineered to make it fit for purpose.
No sympathy for anyone who buys a EV !
Easiest solution don't buy an EV.
I have heard this happening in Australia where I live. No way am I buying an EV or a hybrid. My research is leading me to believe EV's do not have a long term future. Hydrogen is the technology that will be adopted, as we move to producing green hydrogen.  If I have to buy a car, it will be petrol/gas powered. I do not trust, rip off companies. Mostly they are dishonest and try everything to get out of their obligations.
I would’ve said just don’t buy a Hyundai or an EV.
The market demand for electric cars is dropping and with it the 2nd hand value of current cars. This story is another example of why. The environmental cost of writing off, slightly damaged electric cars, is huge. The risk of catching fire, just underlines how unsafe this technology is. You must be mad or rich to buy these cars. Great video highlighting this nonsense, well done.
I am afraid to say that The dealership saw Kyle coming and took hime to the cleaners. I would have taken the car back home and got Hyundai involved with a solicitor on my side. I guarantee the outcome would have been totally different
I nearly bought an EV a year ago, but my wofe said No.  Instead I bought a quality 2nd hand Passat diesel.  The more I read about EVs, the more I am glad I listened to my wife.
Ev are a rip off  never for me
UK ICE driver here. No intention of buying an EV as they stand...they are far too fragile. The slightest knock and there maybe damage to the battery pack and an insidious thermal runaway and fire might occur down the line. Insurance for EVs is going up and up and rapidly going beyond what an average person can afford. EVs as they stand will only be a niche product, catering to the top 25 percent of earners...vanity signalling BS
Big brother (our government) has successfully regulated the quality and longevity out of our major household appliances and now the automobile industry is going down the same path. Is filling landfills or recycling centers with less than 5 year old refrigerators, freezers, and automobiles the answer to climate change?
It is about control.
I will never buy an EV, especially after seeing this!!!
For me, the IONIQ 5’s design is not for for purpose. In UK law that makes it grounds for a full refund.
I fear these types of problems will only continue and also seriously impact the sales of new cars until not only the price of batteries come way down but also the size has to seriously reduce as well. I can see one day in the future when car battery technology has progressed sufficiently that the size will, hopefully, reduce to a battery no bigger than an ordinary petrol or diesel car battery, but maybe that would have to involve some sort of miniaturised nuclear power pack.
EVs are „one-time-use“ vehicles. If the battery is damaged the complete car has to be replaced. Not an environmental approach!
This makes ALL electric cars potentially worthless, as their second-hand value is apparently nil.  The whole EV thing is fast becoming a grotesque joke, what with charging becoming more and more expensive, Insurance rates going through the roof, and that's when you can find an insurance company prepared to take on the risk, coupled with the prospect they will eventually be banned from using tunnels, enclosed or underground car parks and the impossible storage demands of damaged vehicles. No wonder used EVs are so so cheap, with their previous owners taking big losses just to get out of owning these money pits. What will people say as Elon goes bankrupt, as he inevitably will, once the cash from NASA dries up and as they realize he only talks a good talk, but seldom, if ever delivers anything new, or worthwhile.
Add this to Kia Hyundai quality issues! If this small issue causes this this much, I will pass on any electric and stick with ICE vehicles! This issue is also solved by doing what we do in Texas, Buy a Pickup or SUV which sit up higher, less likely hit road trash or flood damage!!!
Don't buy EV
That would never fly in Australia our consumer protection laws are actually good... you can't claim a customers warranty is void just because of some arbitrary thing.
Another proof that EV is a scam..
Commercial drivers have to get special licenses and insurance to transport hazardous materials. These EV batteries if separately transported themselves would require a driver licensed for transporting hazardous materials and special insurance; there's special route planning, labelling, and inspections involved.    Before you buy a vehicle that contains a hazardous material component consider that.
This kid jumped that car. Not road debris.
Hyundai is dead to me😠 and all evs and plugins
848K views in 3 days!  Hyundai is going to take a big drop in sales if potential buyers check online.
Hyundai in generally has had a awefull warranty protection..also the big storys about the thousands of failing GDI engines on newer models..
Thanks for warning me not to buy any Hyundai EV car, or any Hyundai car in general.
All planned , suckers !
ICDC , prefer ACDC
Genius Canadians haha ,wake up guys
The entire EV market is a scam. All the major vehicle manufacturers are either cutting back or stopping production due to lack of sales. The technology is just not there.   Fossil fuels are the lifeblood of this country and a gasoline combustion engine is soooo much more reliable than this scam “Im Green” market. Most are plugging in your EV’s in your garage using electricity provided from fossil fuels anyhow! Hypocrisy at its best lol
Hyundai/Kia has shown that they do not care about their customers despite the 10 year 100k warranty.
Friends don't let friends buy Hyundais, esp not EVs. He should learn from his mistakes and stick to Tesla if he wants the BDSM experience that is EVs right now.
Light bulbs went from filament to CFLs then LED. CFLs were useless apart from being low energy. Bad for the environment, couldn't dim them and they too ages to get bright. I think EVs are the equivalent to CFLs. Something better has to come along, like LEDs did. Hydrogen?
the whole lithium thing is an economic move to bring in a balance for the economy.,to create industry and jobs ,to smoke screen we have no better idea for the environment. They do but it means turning the world upside down  I find it a short term solution that barely makes sense to the environment and the consumer. But it is driven by simple motive to industry and not at all a way to create a cleaner environment as there is no clever list to illustrate this and never has been
If you google that part number Hyundai 37501-GI351 you get many prices that are similar to 6649.98. So this looks like more system failure or typo that there are 50k more price.
All of this because of the fraud of CO2 being a danger.  CO2 is the ONLY green molecule in the atmosphere and even that is a trace gas.  We breathe CO2 every day with no harm done, try that with lithium.
No one wants to stick their neck out and say that the battery will be ok following any damage to the underside of the car Whoever gives the all clear and certifies the car as safe will be the one who has to justify their decision in court if something goes badly wrong later It’s a much better option , for the dealer , to shakedown the customer instead
Just bought a battery for my diesel it cost £74.95
The invoice looks like a typo…the battery pack is a single unit that goes for $6649 then the last line it’s at $56649…it’s a typo
Wow that's pretty stupid. But then so is spending $60,000 on a car WTF 😒.
In the future there will be no point in buying a used car. You buy a new one and if it gets a scratch you just toss it in the landfill and buy a new one. (you probably have to pay a $10k recycling fee instead). People that can't afford a brand new vehicle actually don't "need" one.
Wow.  Remind me not to hit anything with my Ford.
Kyle first mistake was buying a Korean car, second was an EVs.
Thats gotta be wrong theres no way on this planet the battery is worth that much , no car manufacturer is gonna put a battery in a car thats worth more than the car , you can buy batteries in the uk from £50 to 200 plus so this to me is a con
This is the future.
You people have to understand that Hyundai and Kia are value driven brands for the value(Cheap) seeking customer not to be confused with VALUED(Premium) seeking customer that seeks Teslas, Priuses, and Honda's those are valued driven brands.
🎉Presumably even if buying a pre-owned EV it would also be necessary to inspect the battery cover carefully as if “scratched” you could inherit a very expensive repair if later deemed to be “out of warranty” because of the prior damage?
Well... in a nutshell, this situation is like you have damaged the fuel tank in ICV and there is a threat of leaking the fuel and/or catching fire. The only logical approach is to have the fuel tank replaced. And because the damage was caused by you, the owner, it's again quite logical to pay for the replacement or involve the insurance company. For EVs, alas,  the problem is that the fuel tank costs 60k CAD (or whatever currency equivalent), so the replacement is just a theoretical excercise. We can indeed discuss the quality of the battery protection, but considering the battery location, weight and yet quite low capacity, from technical point of view the protection cannot be like armor plates, but be just a soft protection against water, debris, etc. If you ever happen to hit it hard so that heavy scratches will appear and the structural damage is visible by naked eye, it will not work and I don't think this is just a Hyundai issue. A conclusion? EVs are far from being fit for use or purpose of being a true workhorse. You need to take care, you need to watch carefully where you are driving to. You need to accept that the most precious part of the car is the battery - located very low and close to the ground with barely no real protection at all (valid for all carmakers). And that battery is the equivalent of a fuel tank, filled with fuel even though the car reports it has run out of charge and that it can catch fire due to various reasons. ICVs have their fuel tanks located at the most safest place in the car... guess why?
So, his insurance rates went up 59% over a metal cover this is a scam this is crazy.
Moral of the story: As much as I would prefer to get an electric vehicle, these vehicles are just not ready for prime time.
Kia and Hyundai are junk.  ICE or EVs.
a korean decedent buying a korean product and end up getting screwed. They say its extremely easy to fix EV because the motor bay contain 50 parts, yet they never told you that the battery tank contain 5000 individual parts.
Typical insurance company, screw the customer, would I buy an electric car NO NO NO. It is typical of Governments and Manufactures to come up with a solution that doesn't take into account basic facts, rare earth materials, how to dispose of these goods, and value for money.
It's simple   Don't buy electric
This is just like Apple's repair process, it's cheaper to buy a new phone, greedy people.
If he turned this into his insurance while the car was still running, just so he could pay 50 percent more in insurance, then the guy is an idiot.
Clearly another greedy dealership bending the customer over
Kyle’s first mistake was “He had trust in the dealership” lol.
That's the cost of saving the planet?????
Two scammers are trying to deceive one innocent person.
In my opinion, the battery cover company should have to pay because they're cover is supposed to protect the battery so he needs to try to sue them
There is a sucker born every minute!
I've been driving my 1999 ford futura 4 litre for four years for $500 yes. and then. spent about $2000 over the next two years for new mufflera and air con parts. No worries. Goes like a rocket. Air con. Auto  gears.  fab sound system tapes and radio so comfortable. Why would anybody pay that much money for ANY car. I have n my other cat a sign.  IF YOU'RE DRIVING AN EV PLEASE DON'T PARK TOO CLOSELY
2023 Kia Rio decked out with 11K miles --> $19,000 US.  Screw electric vehicles.
Not rare as a guy in Ontario was quoted $50,000 for an older Ioniq with 172,000 km while warrenty only went to 160,000 km.
The battery was not tested, how do they know it's the battery ? It's hard to imagine that all the cells in a battery are dead in a 1 year old car.
1. Don't buy EVs. They are expensive BS ... 2. Don't buy Hyundai ...
The invoice shows 6,649 list and net so how does it jump to 60,000?
My 30yo Citroen Diesel 320,000 miles on the same engine and 55 mpg.
Kyle should have bought a model Y instead.
Rather have a horse and cart than buy a EV.
im sick of these companies avoiding warranty repairs. Shame on you Hyundai!!
The dealership is a crook! Hyundai is NOT controlling what is going on in the dealerships handling their brand... Daring to complain that the cost should not have been "shared" is an admission they are NOT in charge on that subject and that it their fault!
Stupid. Stop buying electric cars.
To put this simply, I am looking at an access hole to allow a mechanic to get to the bolt, from this photo it looks perfect and not damaged, it can’t get wider without it going oval in shape, if I were you I would get the opinion of a metal fabricator for his professional opinion on scratch and the so called widened hole ( what a joke), and then get legal advice. It is obvious that the garage don’t want to change the batteries for some reason only known to them. Also the battery protector is to prevent damage to the batteries and it is mad to think that a so called mechanic wants to condemn it when it got scratched.
Kyle got fleeced because he's a first generation immigrant with money and was very naive about adopting unproven technology and interacting with persons that have no insentive to be honest.
I think the hyundai ioniq 5 must have been fully imported unit into Canada and the dealer cannot do any inspection or repair.
That's criminal.  A Tesla replacement pack is like 10-20k depending on the vehicle.
This is nothing new. EVs that are slightly damaged have been reportedly totalled for fear of thermal runaway. It's  like sitting on a bomb.
Just wanted t compliment you both on , not only, the content, but also your presentation. Measured, considered, well produced and very, very relevant. nice work!
Absolutely no way in the world will I switch away from ICE to EV. Too many horror stories of this nature. You should expect to pay 60k then another 60k a year later because the battery has been "impacted" which then affects your insurance premiums goin forward.  It's insanity ! In the UK the benefits of owning an EV are already reducing financially. Cost of charging going up, and now road tax charges etc. No thanks.
It's just another example for how dumb our society became. People stopped using their brain and instead they just believe everything the industry and politics tell them. (Climate change, C virus, wars, etc.) In this case, a simple search would show that these huge batteries consist of thousands of little cells and more importantly that there is no technology built in to the individual cells to show their health. So there is no way to know if there is any cell with out of tolerance behaviour built into the pack. This simple truth should be a clear show stopper for anyone willing to buy an e-car. In "old" days, no one would buy an ICE car with a cracked tank dripping fuel. But in the old days, you could smell the difference. Nowadays you have to inform yourself much more thoroughly about everything as today's "shiny toys" are engineered to a much poorer standard as the old items decades ago.
Hyundai is not honorable
It’s one reason why car insurance for EV cars are higher than combustion equivalent cars. The insurance know the cost of repairing EV cars is way higher and most likely written off because the repair costs more than the value of the car
Thanks I will not ever buy a Hyundai ever again
There’s something really fishy about Hyundai’s technical process in this situation. Why wasn’t the battery inspected, should the battery have been “visually unaffected”… why was a replacement battery cover not recommended??  This is the future of EV’s! Non-environmentally friendly disposable products that are worthless after 8yrs due to longevity, are cost prohibitive to repair and can’t be repaired by 3rd parties or privately… everything being coded, even insurance companies will be able to void claims because they’ll be able to access vehicle data from the manufacturer.
So the battery protection cover did not protect the battery from a simple bump in the road!  You scratch the cover and it will cost you the price of a new car?  LOL   This a flaw in the design and a manufacturing defect.  When I buy a new car for say $60,000, I expect to drive that car for at least 10 years and 100,000 miles under a total warranty.  Even then if the engine gives out, the rebuild cost should only be between 5 to 10 thousand dollars.  You have to be a total fool to buy an EV type of car or you have more money than brains.  Is Hyundai saying that the battery costs $60,000 and the rest of the car is free?  LOL  None of this makes any sense.  The EV is just a novelty and is totally uneconomic to own and drive and is a total ripoff to the consumer.  I think it is time to get lawyers involved in a class action lawsuit.  There is a thing called an implied warranty too.
No one wants a crappy ev truck or car or suv or crossover or anything electric in Canada.
Ev s are a scam.
I had bought a used 21’ Tesla Model 3 couple months ago. About 2 months into it I had a battery code come up. Sometimes it’d disappear but did come back now and then.  Long story short, I set an appointment for the car and hoped it was under warranty. They had it for less than a week and got the battery replaced. Tesla did not ask any questions about it
This is the scam of the car companies, and governments MUST regulate this quickly. The idea of free to do anything is illegal and abusive. monopoly. There is no alternative for you to repair your vehicle, you are locked in and blackmailed to pay that money. Sue the living hell out of hyundai, and every manufacturer when they pull this stunt. The cost should be, AT MOST 6.000 dollars, with labor included. AT MOST, and now, because with each passing year the cost should be lower and lower and lower.
This is al BS and not the end of the story. Mostly lies and click bait.
Only dumb people buy EV vehicles now. Once EV becomes mainstream cost will drop dramatically
There is a reason there are graveyards of BEV's in Europe, you throw them away once the battery is done and buy a new car. Get a clue and stop raping other countries for your phucking batteries!
The Iconiq 5 or the Kia EV6 were on my short list for next car. Not a chance in hell now. Thanks for the warning.
This is bullshit!!,, they are trying to rip you off,, its just a protection cover its job to protect battery from crashes, if car is doing well and charging well no need to replace anything,, ignore them, good luck.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂enjoy ur electric pile of garbage, evs are not the answer
If it costs more than a brand new car that tells you that you are being scammed right away. because that makes no sense in any universe.
56k ?
Expensive cars are nice, until they need to be repaired out of warranty. I bought a brand new Hyundai Accent a couple years ago for $16,000. It is all gas powered, and when the warranty runs out I will sleep with peace of mind knowing that when I do need to repair something out of pocket it won't cost my entire net worth to fix. Whether you are rich or not, don't buy an expensive car...
This is another click bait story. The 56,649.98 figure is clearly an error. The top line has the list and net price at 6649.98. There was an extra “5” placed before this figure in the “amount” column. Clearly an error that anyone can see. Stop with this false flag reporting!
Buy EVs 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm going to stick with 'gasoline-only'  powered vehicles for now.
A road hazard is covered by insurance, However, it is disgraceful -- crazy -- that the cost to replace the battery exceeds the cost of the car itself when new!
Thankfully I do not own electric car yet. If the whole battery set costs $60k and the car costs the same, then there is something very wrong. Either car batteries are sponsored from car shops by charity when you buy new car which I highly doubt or their cost are artifically raised up for whatever reason. I hope very much as electric cars gain more and more popularity, there will appear pecialized shops that do just that - make new car batteries with same quality as original or do a repair if batteries are mint but there are minor mechanical problems  and do that with adequate price that is not ridiculous.
Great news for those who want buy an EV for construction work and off roading... Looking at the state of the skidplate on my daily driver, I need a replacement battery each month :-)
My ICE is 30k USD, I spent additional 3k for major maintenance, 1k for oil change or any other cost.  Add the cost of gasoline being higher than electricity, the car is still cheaper than the cheapest battery car.
It's either an inferior design if an object lying in the road (an everyday occurrence) can 'destroy' a car, or REALLY bad customer support.
Dad, what does "EV" stand for?   Mobile Crematorium son, Mobile Crematorium !!!!!
I would have quoted another shop. The average cost of those batteries are 5500-7000$usd. The average cost of EV batteries in general is 4k-20k. In the iq5, i believe the batteries are modular so they cost 300-500$each. Often just the first 1-2 modules wear out.  Unless there's some kind of 50k hike charge for Canadians.  Remember the cost of batteries should not over impose the cost of average maintenance on ICE vehicles in a 10yr period. If it does what is the point of switching? You're supposed to save on gas $$ having a EV.
Intimidating the customer is the new normal. Do not buy EV! EVs are part of Communist uprising! Drive  American Disesel!!!
This is definitely the way to increase EV adoption.  Good thing EVs are so good for the environment, we can just scrap the entire car after a year because there is a scratch on the battery cover…a cover designed to protect the battery. Way to go Hyundai.
Hyundai Canada is disappointing; I won’t buy any Hyundai cars.
My buying experience with a Hyundai dealership was awful, in another words, I’m not surprised…
You can't get an accident driving EV, your battery will be considered as impacted and you will have to pay for a new car.
F this company is worse than apple
Yet another reason to not buy an EV.
What did you expect. The dealers really don't know how to "fix" EVs.. This is just the tip of the ice berg. Guess who's going to pay or all these insurance pay outs ??? EVERYBODY, even if you drive an ICE vehicle. Their  going to get all this lost money from somewhere.
Why would anyone switch to an EV knowing this now?
Ffs £60k,  for a battery, there saw the guy coming,  crook company
EVs are a rip off
Wow.. this video went viral. Thanks for bringing it to people's attention. In a few years when all these new EVs are out of warranty, people are going to be in for a wake-up call when their batteries need replacing. These aren't like Prius batteries which are modular and easy to replace (and NiMH instead of lithium).
So easy don’t buy hybrid car ….
If a little scratch like that can total a electric car im never buying electric, i have nothing against electric but that is way to big of a gamble.
Note to self , do NOT buy this car.
Any impact to a battery has to “write it off”. It’s to dangerous not to do this!  It becomes a ticking time bomb.
Send it to Rich Rebuilds at Electrified Garage.
I have a feeling that Kia and Hyundai will suffer in the long run for rushing these vehicles to market before they were refined. Smart auto manufacturers do that but that is not Hyundais stick.
10:34 going through Hyundai to investigate will lead to more cost. Then they will still charge 55k for the battery.
✨They keep telling us that electric cars are so awesome. Totally full of shiiit! ELECTRIC BAD!!!!!!!🤢🤮🤮🤮
that's why I bought a Nio and swap battery iso charging...no worries on battery degradation issues
I had a similar result with a used Chevy Volt. Battery replacement isn’t worth keeping the car. Sold it but overall lost money on it. I WON’T buy another EV.
"Yeah Right"
Sounds like an excellent opportunity for a 3rd party company to make a retrofit kit for that car.  The batteries can't actually cost that much.  Someone has a huge markup.
EVs are a joke and gigantic ripoff
EV is a massive con, the sooner people realise this, the sooner we can oppose the forced move to EV vehicles 🤨
These very sensitive electric cars are going to cost everyone a bomb as insurance companies hike up premiums for all drivers to cover for the electric car 'ghost repairs' and battery write offs. I certainly know if your involved in a minor accident with an electric car it can open up a world of financial pain and inconvenience. But it seems this is just how it works when your mind is set on saving the planet. Sure you may save the planet but NOTHING is going to save your wallet.
EVs don’t make sense out of a narrow inner city experience. The fuel cost argument is moot given electricity prices.  Range is trash.  Environmentally, they make a huge negative impact given the rare earth mining.
Just dont buy electric shit and no problems
This is why I will NOT buy an EV.  It doesn’t matter about a replacement cost, it also is about the lifetime of the EV.  In 10 years a regular car can be sold at a reduced cost and that is money in the bank, in 10 years an EV will be at  battery life end and you can’t sell it because you won’t recoup the cost of a new battery.   Cars are going to end up in the scrap heap, batteries will be stored all over the place in the hope it can be recycled, and the environmental costs of the old EV will be worse than the cost of a gas car.  I hate the idea but this is what some experts are saying and it rings true.  Electric is going to be a disaster in 10-20 years so here’s hoping a better idea comes into being… like the old steam engines but with new technology, or combustion engines running on carbon dioxide, or something, anything, that’s better than batteries that are ticking time bombs.
This means all the other parts of the car should be for free, since the battery makes up all the costs of the vehicle.
This is heard even in Croatia, so Hyundai, thing is, dealers is going to ruin You
What a joke, both the dealer dropped the ball and ICBC,  dont know the owner but he got screwed. Why did they never open the battery cover? Sounds the dealer had no idea what they doing. What evidence anywhere does a battery container scrap causes the battery to explode? Hyundai shame on you...
Looks like to me that the battery is $6,649.98.
EVs are like toys, Wears out quickly. Soon there will be huge demand of IC engine vehicles everywhere.
It happens with all vehicles, have you ever tried to build a new car just from new parts ?🤪🤪👍
The true cost of EV ownership. Who the hell would want to buy a cheap second hand EV with a degraded battery that's too expensive to replace?
Conclusion: Never ever buy an EV😢 this is ridiculous 😏
We need more people like Kyle in this world.  Kyle’s try new things and help Others to make better decision in their life. 💟
he should just get a Zeekr with the golden battery, seems the best on the planet check their video of abuse testing
Hyundie and Killed In Action KIA
There's no after market solution for these batteries yet. You have to buy the dealer specific model, and they can charge whatever price they feel like. Until governments step in and mandate specific battery dimension requirements for each vehicle class - Auto manufactures will continue to make custom one off batteries and drive up costs higher and higher.
The simple solution is dont buy cars from these crooked dealers\companies. A Tesla battery replacement is 50% cheaper, so clearly there is no reason to buy any other brand until they can figure out how to make battery replacements as affordable as Tesla...
If that was the only visible damage, I’d hate to see what the plate would look like after a good snow storm. That damage wasn’t even close to what I’d call abnormal damage.
Why so much? The batteries should be cheap, being mined by child and slave labour and all.😂😂😂
EVs are stupid, they are expensive consumables like your microwave, if not working, one does not repair it, but junks it and gets a new one
That should be illegal. Totally wrong. That product is just crap.
The answer when available is NIO
Common dealership scam
Should've bought a Tesla. All Tesla vehicles are sold directly from the factory to the customer. Thus avoiding dealership scams.
Would not touch an electric vehicle , literally they are not up to scratch. They are for people that can afford to throw there money away . And obviously be punished by insurance companies , by way of excessive increased  premiums over battery clams weighting off vehicles.  They are far from being ready for the common market, and people are actually starting to see it now. The amount of wast coming from just a scratch is outrageous. A total recall is in order from Hyundai to replace all of there underbody protection with appropriate protection for the batteries. Where are the safety standards that should be applied from the start,  in the design and build process .  To many shortcomings to mitigate the risk of ownership.
With all due respect, you are quite ignorant when it comes to EVs.   First of all, they do NOT reduce overall emissions in comparison to an equivalent-massed ICE vehicle. Production emissions are 20 times higher (mainly because of the batteries and reinforced frame to hold the weight of that huge battery) and to just breakeven, in terms of emissions, vs an ICE (on operation) the EV needs to travel about 120K miles (!!!) on renewable energy charges! Good luck with that (ever) happening when the vast majority of energy in the electricity mix comes from fossil fuels!  Secondly, you keep asking why don't they open the cover to inspect whether the battery has a problem. What they won't admit (and why you never got a sufficient answer from them) is that THEY CAN'T assess the battery even if they do open the cover and inspect it. These batteries have notoriously unstable chemistry and you can never know whether certain elements are now hanging on a thread before triggering a chain reaction of events, catch fire, explode, and so on!  People who run to buy a new product with a new technology should get in terms with the idea that they are becoming Beta testers for the manufacturer and are going to lose money! If you ever thought that manufacturers test their products for real life conditions you'd be right, they do,  BUT real life is much wider, much more complicated that they'll ever (could) test.   In the end, good luck getting the scammers to respect you after you have left the cashier!   P.S. For us who have been saying these things for years (insurance companies writing-off EVs even after minor accidents, a known and common practice, exactly due to the unstable chemistry of those batteries) the real name for EVs is actually "EEVs" or "Emissions Elsewhere Vehicles".  Sorry to break the news for you but you have been duped by marketing and the climate crisis army! Next time research better before indulging your hyper-consumerism . You are much more environmental when you retain and maintain even a V10 TDI of 20 years ago than buying a small EV that you could avoid buying if you had done the former.   But no, people need to be "trendy" vs essential! Too bad!
List price 6600...marked up to 56k.... Isnt this illegal?
Soooooo note to self never a buy an electric vehicle
Stay away from Kia and Hyundai. They wont change 🤣, no matter electric or IC
Lol 60k for battery ? So it means everything else is free lol. Hyundai smokes too much. Incompetent dealer and car manufacturer. For few small scratches the car requires battery replacement lol. These guys are high
Notice Tesla started out on day one without dealerships for this exact reason.. They are there too drain the customer of as much money as possible, which has been exacerbated by the drop in business due to Covid, so they are making up for lost time by trying to calm this innocent young man into getting a new car.
Just don't buy electric cars it's quite simple.....!
before you buy hyundai, buy a gallon of vasoline and bend over    THIEVES!
Electric cars are a bad joke. Batteries degrade over time. E cars weigh tons, and the batteries are on the bottom, just waiting to hit a rock. $60,000 to replace a battery ? give me a break ! ! Give me gasoline cars ! !
Unfortunately, it is true that any damage to battery can have catastrophic consequence including explosion.  The problem here is the dealership didn't have the necessary tool to check the inside of the battery.
Not an EV issue but a dealership issue where they will screw you for as much as they can. This young man looks a bit naïve and ICBC is probably not up to speed on battery replacement cost. That should be a quarter of what has been quoted. I’m sure if Hyundai looked at the minimal damage to the battery protector plate, they would probably sue the dealership themselves.
If Apple Made Cars ! This is the same as dropping your Phone down the Toilet ? Model T ford " your radiator cover is scratched Your New Car is Unrepairable"!
Avoid Hyundai at any cost , last decade they produced so many bad vehicles but people still buy . Stick with Japanese
I don't understand that invoice, it shows for the battery list=6649.98, net=6649.98 amount=56649.98. Is there a typo and it should only be 6649.98 which seems a reasonable battery price, or is the 56649.98 too wide to fit into the list and net column?
LESSON: AVOID CAR DEALERSHIPS! They are trained to lure and scam consumers.  You can by direct, aka tesla.
This sounds more like a snow job from the Dealership to me. Without inspecting the batteries, they fed Kyle a story about the risk of fire which would have been covered by his ICBC insurance anyway.
This battery cost replacement thing is going to destroy the second hand market for EVs.
avoiding the OBVIOUS question: why didn't you buy a tesla? cost of a replacement battery for a long range model Y? $8000. tesla will sell it to YOUR mechanic OR... install it for you AT tesla for $4000. you heard right- $12000 to replace. if it's damaged in a wreck? that's one thing. then there's insurance. as for lifespan? the 2013 model S cars are still on the road- with around 450,000 miles on them- just starting to need replacement. that's EASILY the lifespan of 2 average gas cars (in mileage). can you replace the ENTIRE drivetrain of a gas car with all brand new parts for $6000? no. AND pay for the gas & maintenance? HELL NO.
Every time I look to the EV as an option I get more cons than pros, this is just 1 more, and a terrible one for sure.
Don’t buy electric garbage and you won’t have this problem😂
How many years worth of gasoline for 61,000 dollars?
It doesn't seem like the battery protection shield worked at all. It's all a scam. Just another reason to tell them to keep their ev's.
There are many, many negatives to buying an EV. I will not even consider a hybrid.
That's the capitalist system for you. Wunnerful ain't it.
Simple don’t buy the EV
This is what it’s like to live in Canada with state run insurance and crooked dealerships.. this probably happens with ice vehicles as well… the other thing is that EV is nothing more than an ICE vehicle Frankensteined into an EV vehicle…. Maybe get a Tesla next time…
Batteries are not the way to go Hydrogen is the way to go The batteries are probably fine just drive it Hyundai has been in the news a lot lately for fires and engine failures. Wake up and don’t buy
This is interesting, it does open a can of worms. The battery is so exposed and fragile. If you crawl under most older cars there will be some damage to a bash plate, does that mean that a small piece of damage to a bash plate would write a car off?
I don’t feel bad for these people.  They thought that they were hot shit with their electric car. Now its just a pile of shit
So how is a electric car one year old  good for environment? You are better off to buy a regular car smaller carbon footprint. How much carbon has this car created to be made because it creates more carbon to make compared to a gas car. Less environmental damage by not having lithium mined . More initial cost it doesn’t make sense unless that warm  fuzzy feeling is worth the cost.
THE CAR IS FINE! The dealership is trying to pull a fast one on him. They never pulled the cover off and they are lying through their teeth! Take the check from the insurance company, buy back the “salvage” vehicle for pennies on the dollar and drive the car! You will be able to pay the loan off and I guarantee you if you ever decided to sell to a third party, you would get a descent price for it. Yes it wouldn’t be true value but if you document the incident with photos and proof, any common sense buyer would understand and give you 2/3-3/4 of true value.
Dealer Add-ons:  scratch protection film on battery protection cover $$$$$ 😂
Electric cars..with batteries full of toxic materials that only 3% gets recycled atm and would cost a fortune to replace after a few years..Very environment friendly…
I am confuse. They want to replace a perfectly good battery?
First off, there is a reason I would NEVER own a Hyundai; I've helped to many friends work on their girlfriends Hyundai's to know better! The biggest problem I see is that the Hyundai Canada spokesperson was more concerned with making sure people knew not all battery replacements were this expensive; instead of stating that this has shown a shortfall in their business practices and that they will give him a brand new one to make up for their blunder, and they have changed the directions so this doesn't ever happen again.
If you have money for a status symbol electric turd then you can get another one.  Wouldn't want your ESG score to go up.  Take another DEI course at work and just realize you're doing your part to make the world cleaner LOL. If the car still runs and charges it sounds like Kyle over reacted.
The very last thing that Hyundai needs - is a Battery Fire on one of their vehicles. So, they are biased in their decision-making. If it was my vehicle, I would be taking it to a battery Expert, who could give a detailed Report. Yes, there are scratches on the Battery Cover, but it would seem that there has been no thorough investigation. I could not see any Impact Damage on the Battery Cover. Maybe there is no internal damage to the Battery at all.
Should have bought a tesla.
Yea everyone needs an EV. Like a hole in the head. If you are in US, re-elect Trump and drill baby, drill !!
This is such a scam, Hyundai needs to be sued! I've heard so many bad stories for this model, I'd avoid it like a plague.
EV ARE A JOKE
How about this for a solution. Go with ICE cars or at most Hybrids. EVs are a scam. Sure there are those that are a good fit. But for everyone else? It's more costly, more inconvenience, and more headaches.
This tells me that battery damage is highly likely in any EV car accident.
Battery operated vehicles is just plain STUPID.  This just proves it, I can tell you I see crap on the roads every day.  No way to avoid some of these hazards, be safe drive a real car.
So if the battery claim will be handled by Hyundai Canada from now on, how much is the cost of new battery?   Still $60k?     Please be transparent, Hyundai Canada.
Thank you, but for me: NO Hyundai EVER!
Did Kyle notice any decline in the car's range after the cover of the battery was damaged?
And this is why I am sticking with my Chevy Impala for as long as I can still get parts. Screw EVs.  Also, Hyundai/KIA is the worst junk on the road today. The only brand that I sell more parts for in my auto parts store is Nissan, because the local neighborhood has a lot of them. That, and the *_INFAMOUS_* CVT transmission and electrical problems that Nissan has had for years...
Get Canadian Better Business Bureau involved to ban Hyundai EV sale in Canada until this problem is solved fair and square for consumers.
Nothing to see here - it's a human error clickbait story.  Looks more like a typo on the invoice - the itemised battery cost is 6649.98, but the amount column has a 5 added to the front making it (wrongly) 56649.98 - probably a human typing error?  That makes the total price more in line with a typical EV battery replacement.  edit: I think I'm wrong - small hybrid Hyundai battery quoted at 15k what a rip off!
Hopefully batteries will become more standard and the aftermarket will step in.  Sorry to any honest dealers out there, but most of my dealership experiences have been really bad.
Not sure if you’ve dealt with a solicitor before but if you loose and that’s very possible then your up for 1000’s of dollars in costs and back to square one 🙁
Wait the scratches are the impact zone🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣how stupid do you think we are!?
That's why they're called green vehicles. It takes a lot of green to repair..
I replaced my nissan leaf battery for $6K. It was from another Leaf, but had  full capacity at 12/12 bars (still does over 2 years later).  However, there were stories in the news similar to the one here with Nissan as well.. asking outrageous prices for battery replacement, IF you can even get them. Manufacturers don't want customers to replace EV batteries... they want you to buy another EV. This attitude needs correction.
One of the biggest scams in automobile history. EVs are bait-and-switch.
These dealerships are con artists for the gullible uneducated . Not just with cars. It’s the same with most services since C19 wrecked the economy ! Greed at every opportunity. EVs will never succeed,cost wise or ecologically! People are do stupid over net zero ! ICEs  will never die ! Technology will make them even more ecological.
Stop buying EV's and it all will stop at some point as they won't get anything sold anymore.
My brand new 2024 car was a total price of $19,951 after tax, registration, and fees.  So I can get 3 of my car for the price of 1 battery.
Hyundai PR basically said, "Because we don't know how to cost things and it's better that we charge more than less, we went on the uber-high side until it made the news."
Would love to have seen the dealership featured in your video. Seems like they scammed this kid or ICBC out of $60,000 for a scratch. Might be worth a surprise visit, some undercover journalism, or just straight up BBB investigation.
L-M-A-O!!
Another reason to avoid EV's Once they get everyone in them, cost of charging will rocket and unscrupulous dealers will be rubbing their hands whenever there's a battery problem. I'll be sticking to petrol.
If your car is at risk for a small ding on the road then how safe are EVs? Anyone that buys these hybrids or EVS, are morons. The first thing you should have asked is what is the battery replacement cost.  This is the 6 or 7th news story I have seen in the last month with huge costs. All with different brand cars. You can get a whole new engine for a normal gas car for about $7k.
u messed up, kid buy an ice engine  beater car and dump ur insurance company.  things u own end up owning you!
never gonna by electric vehicle with the range, maintenance, price issues.
He should have bought a Tesla! The Tesla battery would have been a lot cheaper to replace!!!
I can't stop laughing at this ludicrous story. How much additional environmental damage will be done to mitigate this battery problem. Buy a real car instead! Lower TCO, lower overall impact on the environment. EVs are not a valid solution.
Unfortunately, this happened to a young man. If it happened to a lawyer, then the situation would be a lot different. Madness, the maths does add up.
More less dealership doesn't stand behind there products. Otherwise dont buy there junk
Stupid people make stupid decisions. All EV owners will regret their decision to invest in a dead horse.
This ridiculous behaviour by the dealership is what is scaring people off EVs.
This is another perfect reason to avoid an EV for the foreseeable future. The way the EV industry is right now, I would NOT take an EV regardless of the price.
May be I don't understand something, but looking at the invoice @ 3:24 the battery costs 6.6K. Where does extra 50K come from?
A Billion dollar company giving the shaft to a customer, shows the real character of the company.
Buying a Korean product and expecting quality?  😂
First off I don’t own an EV and probably never will because of issues just like this. Hyundai has been exposed for trying to sell a replacement battery pack on an almost new vehicle for more than a new vehicle. If people who are EV fans don’t think ford, Chevrolet, Cadillac etc won’t do the same things I think you’d truly be disappointed and mistaken. The EV market has proven the estimated range is no where near what is stated in real world environments and traffic.
I use to think that Hyundai IONIQ would be a car that I would like to own one day.  However, after learning battery replacement cost and the failure of Hyundai to do the right thing, I'll never buy any car from a Hyundai.   In my eyes the optics of Hyundai is now trash.
It just so happened I turn on my youtube and I saw this review. I can tell you I learned my lesson from Hyundai this year that they way Hyundai conducted their business is like they are treating their customer like we do not know a single thing. It pisses me off. I had Santa Fe Hybrid for just 2 years and I am glad got rid of it. A brand new car came with a problem with steering because the factory did not install it properly. Then there are other problems with the car. I took it to them to get it check and the Service rep told me that if the technician could not diagnose the problem then I will get charge. I tell you what is the use of buying extra warranty for my new car. So this story caught me and boy this is a rare case but then to cost $56k to replace a battery, that you will need to hire a lawyer to get Hyundai dealer and Hyundai Canada to explain. Our Trudeau govt wanted to stop the sales of Gas Vehicle and but purchase electric car. Well this story really make me think twice whether I can afford to buy an electric car. I would also involved the govt to investigate of why this is battery so expensive or is the dealer markup their price to 1000x like one person commented. Electric had been around for over 10 years and not once I heard any similar story about this. I can tell if you hire a lawyer, you will sure win this case because if this small of a damaged that required a $56k replacement then it is considered a SAFETY ISSUE. SHAME ON HYUNDAI and now every Hyundai owner will be scare to drive their car.
Well deserved ass o. You wanted electric, you got it. Now change the climate.
And does anyone wonder why Tesla does not use dealers?
When repairs decisions are made by lawyers and not engineers
Whatever the sucker market will bear...
I drove a 2005 Ford Escape ICE for 17 years and never had to worry about replacing a battery.  Yes, I had to replace the ECM and torque converter; however, that only costs me $ 3,000.  For now, I will take any ICE vehicle over any current EV vehicle until the automotive industries begins to sell replacement batteries at a reasonable cost to the consumer and this liability issue is resolved.    The one thing about saving the environment and being more carbon neutral is avoiding the process of the consumer having to replace an EV vehicle more frequently because nobody can afford the batteries or wants the liability.
Just canceled my order on an ioniq 6
EV fraud
Sue
Sounds like a straight up scam
They will have to pry my "gas guzzler" from my cold dead hands. I never liked the idea of forcing everyone into electric vehicles when we don't have infrastructure or long term information to support that sweeping change. Expect to hear more stories like this over the next 5 years.
The quote shows a list price of $6,649.98  under „List Price“ for the battery, which seems to be right. Then, in the same line under „Amount“ $ 56,649.98  It looks like a typo to me- either the number under „List“ is missing the first digit or the 5 under „Amount“ is wrong. Where  are the $50,000 coming from? Something is wrong with this quote.
Did the car just stop running?  I don't get it...
EV's are a scam. In time, the owners will find out how they have been taken to the cleaners. Some believe that they deserve the misery because they are too gullible and listened to lefties. Right now, owners are beginning to realize that they have been had.
I was on the fence getting a new electric car after this I will stick with gas.
⚠️This is all dealers fault ! No Hyundai no insurance no one else, dealers in USA are ruining the car market.
#1 reason to not buy a ev
This is a very good argument for not buying an EV, much less a Hyundai or Kia product.
EVs are not practical yet
THIS is why NIO's batter swap will TAKE OFF.... customers are not going to want to pay for a battery swap that costs more than the car.... companies are always looking to nickel and dime the customer to make any sort of money off of them.... 🤦‍♀🤦‍♀🤦‍♀🤦‍♀....
1) Maybe they should put the battery on the roof on the car as some electric buses do, and mitigate the high center of gravity with some software. 2) $1,500 labour cost for battery replacement. Should wait till NIO EVs become available in America, with their swappable batteries, replacement labour cost would be ZERO.
This is rip-off
I have a 2011 Mitsubishi Lancer. Purchased brand new for $20k AUD in 2011 and never ever had a single issue. Still runs like a dream. Why on earth would I replace with an EV?
Electric vehicles just aren't ready for prime time and they never will be unless you're wealthy. I really hope that Toyota can get their hydrogen line into the mainstream asap, EV batteries are an environmental disaster waiting to happen.
They didn't open the cover and check it because they were scared of saying it was safe and later it bursts into flames leaving them liable. That's what I reckon.
What an F'in SCAM!
This story makes me even happier with my diesel SUV. For $60,000 I can buy a lot of diesel !
Just another reason that electric cars are not ready for prime time!
Hyundai and Kia are terribly designed and built. Many models catch on fire for no reason which the owners can guess. I read that a Quebec man was trapped in his Hyundai which caught on fire when he was sitting in it to warm it up. He burned to death because he couldn't get the doors open. This all happened in front of his mother. I have advised many friends to NEVER buy a Hyundai or Kia, be it a gas or hybrid or full electric. I refuse to take a Hyundai or Kia as a rental or loaner car. Listen to the car guys who have lots of videos on the terrible quality of these cars and the horrible service and lack of integrity of their dealers and the mfr. Hyundai in dealing with all issues; especially during the warranty period. The dealer and mfr. hate to pay for any warranty work. They ignore you, disbelieve what you say, never answer your calls and eventually hope you go away and that in time the warranty runs out and they're off the hook.
FOFF Seriously if the car is 58K how TF is a battery 60K come on this is just greedy BS dealers and manufacturers.
i should add just like your phone when the battery is bad  it dont holed charge for long an u got to plug it in. that space was there long befor, because a bad battery would swell, so they pined in on him saying that the hit cause the battery to be bad, a battery dont swell just so it takes time, cause if the hit cost it to swell like that then he wouldnt have a car right now it would fo burn down
Here is a thought.......just don't buy an EV.....problem solved, and there is the reason EV sales are tanking and used EV's have no value
A brand new gasoline engine on the average gas car should be replaceable for $5-10k dollars. An entire engine can last 10-30 years properly maintained. Not 100% of cars worth !  This tells us all we need to know about EVs.
1000% markup greed. That's all. Reason why I will never buy an electric vehicle in this lifetime. And second, that car is ugly as hell.
and wait until they start charging road user charges... EV's are a scam and guess what, it is not saving any planet.
If the battery is becoming useless or maybe dangerous even upon a small impact,the protection should be more serious. For my taste these type of batteries presenting too much danger upon impact.
They’re getting Korea involved on a scratch to the cover plate! I have a retarded cousin with more working brain cells than the people involved with this car!
Average folks shouldn’t be buying evs it’s too risky. An ev is for people who wear fancy pants!
This is no incentive to get an electronic car...no thanks
These stupid EV's are not more ecological than ICE
So how do they explain that car with all of it's part AND the battery costing less than the battery alone. Something is seriously screwed up in that system.
you get what you pay for. 😆😆😆😆
EV don't help with carbon emissions. Power planet burns coal too charge your EV ok makes sense.
This falls under fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. EV is not sustainable in any manner, from mining of rare earth minerals, forced and child labour, charging to resale value. Estimated net 0 on an EV considering all pollution created during production is 10 years for a vehicle that wont last 10 years. I have a 20 year old truck... Many people can not afford to buy a new vehicle every few years and anyone who has ever driven knows batteries average 5-6 years so trade it off every 4 and see what you get for it on the used market haha. Technology will by pass lithium ev and you will get stuck with a $0 car.  If we were serious about climate change issues and clean enery the technology would not be about profits , it would be about the betterment of mandkind and doing what's right by the planet and all of its inhabitants.
The battery would need to be removed to inspect it for damage. The cost of labor would be too high.
The "estimate" shows labour is "List" and "Net" $1599.50 with the "Amount" also $1599.50 - no difference there. However the battery "List" and "Net" both show $6649.98 but the "Amount" as $56,649.98... so what's the extra $50,000 for?  Still, a damaged battery that needs to be replaced in an otherwise perfectly fine vehicle is just another reason why I won't be buying an EV for a very long time. Imagine having your car totaled because of a damaged gas tank that needs to be replaced. That's the equivalent here.
I keep telling people that EV is gonna die… the entire premise is as flawed as crypto currency.  The ONLY way it survives is it has to evolve as much as ICE has in the last 100 years IMMEDIATELY.  People that live in apartments can’t charge EVs, People out in the sticks won’t buy EVs because there will never be enough of them to justify a dealership to be anywhere near or a mechanic that is specialized enough to repair/service them.  80% of all energy used in an EV comes from fossil fuels ANYWAYS because electricity is energy NOT fuel…. The energy is generated at the power plant instead of at the engine like an ICE so the only thing you even reduce is the delivery of the fossil fuel to the gas station. People are suuuuuch mouth breathers and just go along with whatever the other sheep are doing and it’s depressing
I hope no-one thinks though, that this is a reason not to buy an electric car. I was once quoted $5000US to replace the hybrid battery on my 2007 Prius, ended up buying a refurbed one for $1200. This is about greed, incompetence, or both.  And as for the dealer's conduct, and the conduct of Hyundai, sounds like everyone was doing a CYA for themselves and the only person that got screwed here was the customer. that's too bad.
1997 Toyota Avalon with 297K miles, engine is still running strong.  I'll never buy an EV.
EV do not worth. It exposes people to liability not worth. This is perfect example,  good reporting you guys. Hyundai get caught and then try to do PR damage control  but policy should be there to begin with. Stay away from EV ,it is not regulated well enough for consumer protection.
they are all in a scam together so they rite off the car then take it an sell it to a third world country. everybody get scam an there pocket fat with y'all money.
Utter hogwash from stupid, lawsuit averse dealer. Ignore them & DRIVE ON...  PS: I used to be a Dealership Technician. After that experience, I do all my own maintenance & minor repairs & avoid ALL Dealers like the plague.  In case of a job too big for my liking, I only go to Independent shops where the owner is personally on site / and gets good reviews. This story has FISHY all over it !
Funk dat!
My suggestion is if no satisfactory solution from Hyundai Canada, I urge all Canadian to boycott Hyundai cars to let them know the collective power of consumers. How can Hyundai sell a part of the car that costs more than the entire car price? Ridiculous isn’t it?
Conclusion: never buy Hyundai Ev, never.
For the price of one battery you can easily buy 10 used gasoline cars that would serve you for years.
Korea has a long history of business ethics -- my experience in the steel industry dealing with Korean steel mills was not good over the years.
The warranty is until you break down yours begins lol
Guess Hyundai does not want any future sales of this car.
Who would buy a Hyundai anyway?
I cannot think of a better way to say "we don't want to help you" than that invoice.  Note to self: don't buy Hyundai's.
Well don't buy one of those cars, my God.
How the hell could those little scratches destroy the battery? I don't understand
This is just Hyundai doing damage control. They would not do anything if this guy didn't contact the media. If Hyundai really wanted to be FAIR TO THE CUSTOMER than they would have priced the part properly from the very beginning. These companies do it all the time making good customers jump through hoops. I definitely won't consider Hyundai for EV with these kind of policies.
I can't say that I would trust pure electric cars, hybrid makes way more sense. I see blackouts charging these things on a mass scale as the infrastructure just isn't there. And I'm sure the electricity sucked up is generated from fossil fuels 🤔 the damage done to our planet just to create this battery is unbelievable.
i will never sell my honda fit.. idiots buying these ugly suv's and electric toys.. ahahaha
The battery list price is 6649.98 on the quote. How did 50 grand extra, get calculated on the quote. Dealership Scam !
hyundai was selling cars with bad motors for years knowing that the motors were failing at a 35% failure rate. they dont care
This is a dealership issue and probably borderline fraud, not an EV problem.
Fantastic video. Excellent reporting. Better than CBC Marketplace :)  Kyle would be foolish to consider another Hyundai. I wouldn’t. Move on and don’t go EV.
HE NEVER HIT ANYTHING…. Ya sure the damage just got there by magic.  Of course he hit something and he knows it.  Why else would he take it for an inspection otherwise. Also the manufacturer has stated the cover deflected and the battery case deflected over 15 mm and the cooling system integrity was compromised.  Funny you left that out of your reporting. Why does it shock these 2 idiots that an impact would void a manufacturer’s warranty.  Of course insurance rates go up when you make a claim. It’s called a collision claim and they raise your rates.
So sorry for Kyle.   This should be a lesson for everyone - stay away from Huyndai/Kia.  Both their IC and EVs.
Great way to get people to buy electric cars 😆😂😆😂
This is the future?  All EV by 35!  This is insanity.   No one will buy these POS cars.
Pondering how long it will take me to burn $60k worth of diesel in my truck.
I think the whole thing is a Scam. I blame the Dealer for not investigating wether the battery was actually impacted! Too lazy
Dealers are fuct and cause irreparable damage to automotive manufacturers brands every day.  After seeing this video (and others), how many people will not buy: 1) an EV,  2) a Hyundai?    Alot.
This is why dealerships are a dying breed. That small gap caused by road debris is due to poor manufacturing or design. This is what warranties are for! Obviously the dealer saw an opportunity to bleed more money from a helpless customer.
What a ridiculous tale.  Rip that shit out and put in a crate motor lol
In 1992 I paid less than 6k for my 1991 Ford Festiva (don't laugh, it has an Edmonds owner satisfaction of over 4.5 out of 5) and drove that car for over 22 years. Regular maintenance and a waxing once a year were enough to keep it running and looking like new the entire time.   I miss that stupid little Smurf blue micro-van.  It has tainted my opinion of vehicles to the point I expect all vehicles, especially ones costing 10 times the price, to perform as well.  Sadly the opposite is true.  Batteries are for flashlights.  My 91 Ford Festiva has had a greater impact on saving the planet, and my wallet, than any EV has so far or will for the foreseeable future.
going green indeed, lol..more like contributing to more toxic wastage
Big Oil controls the internal combustion engine, just as Big Battery controls the EV market.  Same old scam, it's just wearing a different shirt today.
Just hitting a curb or parking stop might cause this. I am not going to buy an Hyundai.
When the first inkling of Tesla replacement batteries was looking like $20,000 it was shocking, this quote is utterly unbelievable, this is Ferrari engine replacement levels.  And this whole situation looks ridiculous, worst part is the company not having an actual procedure to review and prove battery damage.  I feel bad for that kid.  Sorry, no EV in my future if this is what’s going on.
Most insurance companies will sell you your totaled car back to you.  I rolled a car. State farm paid me 12k, but then they asked me if I wanted to buy the car for $2k.  I said hell yes.  So they gave me the car back and a check for 10k.  Spent $1 to fix it.  So got my car back and $9000.  Sweet
To all you EV environmentalists, a gas powered car can be on the road for 10,20 maybe 30 years where as an EV has a 10 year maximum life span because no one will ever buy a 10 year old used EV because they will have to buy a 60k battery pack on top of the 20k purchase price of the car. So you need to build 3 ev cars compared to 1 gas powered car.
Predictable
It’s a Hyundai. What did you expect… quality and reliability?!?
Damn. Buying EV or Hybrid just to save money on the gas seems stupid then.
I called Chevrolet about my older EV, heard that there is a lack battery replacement supply from a dealer. Dealer asked me to call GM. GM asked me to talk to the dealer. What a nightmare.
Looks like a typo on the invoice lol. Battery should be just $6,649.98.
What if one does not have comprehensive insurance.
Stealerships never Lie!!!
Yep 👍 go back to Hyundai and buy another EV until you learn your lesson..Did you know that due to weight your tires and suspension are going to fail in about 2 years..I also drive Hyundai but gasoline powered,5+ years and there was some repairs but that was under warranty and will not burst into flames 🔥.
Just like an ebike.  Once the battery is toast its going in the landfill.  The "EV thing" is as flawed as ethanol gas is.
EVs are the biggest scam. Small fender bender will total the car due to a battery.
Buy an EV car to save on gasoline?  Heck, you can buy an awful lot of gasoline for that C$60k.
😂 enjoy your electric cars, you can keep them! You can't even get a phone to hold a charge for a full day under normal use, mow a decent sized lawn on one charge with a battery mower, but ya..I'll replace my only mode of transportation with something battery operated 🤔
Why would someone buy a EV knowing that battery replacement is so expensive
All the more reason to steer clear of these EVs!  And try to get something that does not require dealer maintenance. They are the biggest crooks of all the service industry besides hospitals! 😂
Kyle......go buy a Toyota with a naturally aspirated 4 cylinder and drive it for ever. My son's car is a manual 2004 Corolla, 340,000km, and starts up like the day it was new.
You are not alone, this is how they generate sales. Dealers will change the whole pack of batteries instead of an individual damaged cell to make profit.
That's why greedy gets what they deserve.. Buying EV to save on gas backfires
need a protector for the protector.
Owners of Electric Vehicles know that once they get 200,000 km or 13 years the battery is $25,000 or more.  I had several Apple iPhones every 2 years at least I’m putting in new batteries. A electric vehicle is like a cell phone, continuously recharging the battery. Batteries wear out. So think twice about buying electric vehicles. Or have a deep pockets for battery replacement.
Buy a regular car or hybrid and screw this scam. If there’s a big solar flare, the electrical grid will be offline. Your car will leave you stranded. Gas cars will still run.
Welcome to "electric era" ...a total garbage...
Korean cars are awful, that was the first mistake. Electric cars are awful, that’s strike two. A warranty voided by ordinary experience is generally why warranty’s are BS and people make money selling them, that was the third strike. What did you expect to happen buying that thing!?
The main problem in this case is the cost of the new battery. If everyone who is coming to buy Hyundai IONIQ 5 knows that a new battery costs more than a new car, nobody will buy this car.
No EV for me.
One more reason not to by an EV.
EV’s are going to create a whole new garbage crisis. It sounds like EV’s will have a life span of 5-7 years before the whole vehicle will get scrapped. I will keep my car until it rusts away, 20 years or so. Four times longer. Now tell me which vehicle is more “green”
Hyundai is a ripoff company. Pure and simple .
Yeah.  You can keep your expensive EVS with terrible range especially in the cold    Let's say that battery price is half.  A 8-10 year old EV is going to be worthless when that battery wears out because a $60k car still isn't going to be worth a $30k battery
Get a proper internal combustion engine car people!
I would not even consider buying these Korean cars.
Avoid Kia and Hyundai like the plague people.
The Koreans have copied Apple's repair plan to a T. They make the repair more expensive then a new vehicle so they don't waste their time trying to fix it and instead keep building more crap. The irony of buying their green product only to have to throw it away is clearly lost on them.  Another thing that ANYONE who has ever had to deal with Hyundai, KIA, Samsung, LG, etc. will have learned the hard way is that they are the masters of finding a way to void your warranty. Sure, the Korean companies all claim they have the longest warranties in the industry but good luck trying to get them to honour it. Honour is not something they grasp and to put it in simple terms, in their mindset, you voided the warranty as soon as you bought their product. It's your fault.
That’s why you don’t buy cheap South Korean cars.
Only a moron would by an ev.
"A lot of trust with the dealership" 😂 the thing is a scam on several levels
Ha ha ha.   EVs reduce carbon footprint.   You gotta be kidding.    Electricity is produced mostly by coal fired power plants.    Never buy an electric.
This is bullshit, $60k for a battery? No one will ever buy an EV after watching this
I can see why no one wants to inspect an impacted battery and certify it road worthy.  It’s a huge liability.  There is still a lot of work to be done before I spend my money on an ev.
Suckers😂😂😂
Thats funny hit little rock on road , makes car unsafe ,whats going to happen when you hit deer or moose etc ,in my eyes there to dangerous to be on roads then .so if you get tboned your lifes in dangerous from exploding how does this pass safety codes.if cant hit little rock or ice chunk .
This is crap what happened to Kyle. Keep digging..  Steve in Québec.
The goal is to shift away from traditional internal combustion engine (ICE) vehicles, and this poses a significant challenge. Stories like these could potentially frighten many prospective electric vehicle (EV) buyers. If car manufacturers hope to encourage people to make the transition, they need to actively tackle and resolve issues related to EV batteries. As a owner of Volvo (PHEV) I am an advocate for EVs/hybrids/PHEVs, I must admit that until these battery issues are effectively addressed, I am hesitant to fully commit to adopting a full Electric Vehicle.
Never buy a Hyundai…ever.
EVs never were and never will be the answer.      But hey, keep on buying them.
I am more confused that he took that car for off road.
Hyundai sucks!!!  i had a sonata with a engine and they refused to replace their faulty engine 100%🤬💩  they have known this since .2013!
One more reason my next car will be ICE (and not Hyundai).
I still don't believe in global warming and CO2 ,I think this is the biggest scam perpetrated on the world population
WRITE IT OFF AND DONT BUY ELECTRIC CARS
I will never ever buy an electric toy, sorry an electric toy car.  Leave me with gas or any other new technology coming in the future like hidrogen, but not into electric cars.  Does not worth.
It doesn't make logical sense.  It's just so obvious automakers don't want to deal with repairs on EVs.  Shame.
Being an American I am most curious about his insurance rating after the incident. I have been led to believe that auto insurance rate increases would be based on a "reportable accident"  and "fault" determination. This was not reportable in the sense there was  no police report and no other vehicle was involved and certainly no fault as this was an Act of God so to speak. My opinion on buying an EV is as the old saying goes, "they are not ready for prime time."
thanks for telling, so people better do NOT buy EVs and rather keep their i.c.e. vehicles.
Car companies always have BS pricing on spare parts. Sure, there is SOME cost in handling and storage of the parts but those cost are overstated. The manufacturers don't want the trouble associated with supplying spares but they are forced to make sure parts are available for a certain amount of time by customer protection laws so they think, well, if we have to do it, we may as well fleece our customers. This is proven by the fact that generic replacement parts are much cheaper. The car companies would claim that these are substandard but that's not at all always the case and sometimes can even be better. Like for like quality, I've found that the branded part can sometimes be several times the cost of the generic part. Car companies have an existing supply chain to allow for extra parts for spares or have the tooling already and they can just make a few more parts. Unfortunately, generic part suppliers have to tool up and therefore they only look after popular brands and high volume models. Still it's interesting that with all the cost of designing an equivalent part, designing and making the tools and setting up production, they can be still a lot cheaper. Spare parts are highway robbery and the example in this video just proves it.
Just another reason the world isn't ready for EV's. Doesn't get any simpler than that.
Never an electric
If you plug one of those new vehicles in the outlet and your vehicle burst into flames. Who would pay for your vehicle?
No EV for me, never!
Moral of the story. Don't buy a Hyundai Ev..
Save up some more money to buy reliable Japanese cars
I'd rather trust a crack dealer's promise than Hyundai canada's statement.
Kyle buy a mustang v8 you’ll be better off in 8 years and it would be a lot more fun
Save a few dollars by buying Hyundai over Tesla, ends up with a $60,000 quote for damage from a minor incident. Clearly they want to bump up their new car sales statistics. Wow...
What an absolute SCAM !!!!!! Stay away from Hyundai!!!!!
Hyundai Canada is terrible at their warranty. Hyundai technicians are only good on oil change and tire change. they dont know how to diagnose and fix the problem. after owning a tucson and santaFe I had enough and went to back to honda and toyota. screw Hyundai and Hyundai canada I'd rather walk than own one again.
So what happens now when some dummy puts a new cover on that battery and sells the car to some person in the market?
Never trust dealers.
Before you buy any vehicle find out costs on services and for a number of parts , if everyone does this with ev batteries ,sales would drop
EVs are junk nobody wants them.
Good bye electric cars don't buy this trash period
That is a bs. I have never had a Hyundai and I will never decide to buy one. That is a rip off!
I'd never buy a Hyundai.
EV, What is it good for?  NOTHIN!
I love how stupid people are.
Keep ur evs - their batteries have more problems and making them is far more harmful to the environment when compared to fossil fuels.... Love my gas guzzler SUVs 😂
Wow…your wife is worth $50,000!
Lesson learned.  Stay away from all electric cars!
K. Sue should sue them
My wife had a Hyundai starex in Malaysia when it was just launched. It was said to be one of the first few on the road. It was a diesel. It had problems from day one for a year. Where they refused it as a problem and it wasn't warrantable each time we went with a problem. Then we proved it wasnt us time and time again and the problem was there. They kept the Starex for a total of close to 3-4 months for all the trouble shooting sessions. We asked for a new one If they said others were not experiencing the problem we were. They refused. Finally the fault was found to be a the fuel supply rail sensors that gave problem from day one. So Hyundai had great vehicles. But their response to their customers are horrible when you have a problem. As a foot note two service GM and workshop manager quit on our road to get the problem fixed.
50grand for a Hyundai was the first mistake
Electric cars are for yuppy type people
Hail broke your window? Oh, that means we gotta replace the engine. Muahahaha. New cars are just as bad as the companies that make them.
3:24 their own invoice doesn't have a column wide enough to list the actual parts price in tens of thousands.................  This is nutz.  Take it from a Genesis GV80 owner, run from Hyundai/Genesis
16:00 Another example of why EV's are a stupid idea. Flawed product to be thrown in the dust bin of history. It has been common practice now for insurance companies to total an EV even after a minor accident  because the potential  of any damage to battery.
Something is very wrong here as a new replacement Hyundai IONIQ 5 battery is £11,200 before fitting in the UK, and then £1k to have it fitted.   I have been fitting replacement batteries to high-mileage taxis Teslas for the last 2 years, and they normally cost around £10k.
Note to self: after getting ev car install armored plates to protect the battery 😊
Biden, "I just dont understand why everyone wont buy these electric cars, They're great"
Wow.  I know now not to buy Hyundai electric vehicle.  A Chevy Bolt EUV battery replacement is $17000 US including labor which I feel is high but nowhere near $60,000 Canadian.
This guy having a safe/good driving record is somehow harder to believe than a $40k+ markup on a part shown as having a list price of $6k less than six inches away on the same document
Buy a hybrid Lexus or Toyota
Kyle is hapless.
"Pandemic" has proven that people stupidity is unmeasurable but the case of so called renewable energy and electric cars brought it to the new heights!!!!
That's why you buy a Tesla
$60,000 Canadian is like about $4,250 US dollars
Andrea was surprised a battery battery could be voided.  OF COURSE IT CAN.  Just like accidents or road hazard damage void the warranty on any part of the car.  Chicks and cars don't mix.
It’s a typo on the invoice.  Look at the list price. $6,649.98. Net price is also $6,649.98. Then a random $50,000 added?  Why is the labour the same for list, net and final amount.  The real cost is $6,649.98 for the battery, $1,599.50 for labour, and $412.47 GST for a total of $8,661.95.  Math is hard.
I wouldn’t buy any of these EVs until all these issues are taken care of.  I can run gas for a long long time.
Look at the quote closely... the battery is listed at 6649.98 and the quantity is 1.  Somehow 50,000 has been added to the 6649.98 in the final column!
ShitShowJoe’s build it back better 😂😂😂
I leased a 2015 Nissan leaf for 3 years, thinking it was good for the environment and I would save money on gas. I live in a northern State in the USA. I would get 60 miles maximum on a winter day, 100 miles in the summer. If you used the A/C on a hot day or heat on a cold day those miles would drop by a third. So, been there, done that. Electricity pollutes. the car battery costs big money, much more than a gasoline engine. The negatives of an E/V are just not worth it. Believe me, when one adds up the costs, battery replacement and the pollution by making electricity, it's a big minus in my book. Maybe at some point in the future but IMO, we are a LONG way from having a viable E/V from any maker. My suggestion? Stay away from them unless you want to flush money down the toilet. Owning an E/V in Canada is pure insanity!
I have a Plug-In hybrid Rav4 Prime 2023 and after I see this video, it looks like companies are now looking for a disposable cars to make sure you buy a new model each 7-10 years.
What are you talking about carbon footprint,,,The majority of carbon dioxide in the world comes from plankton,,,
I will never buy an electric  car!  My brothers  hybrid Porsche Panama  5 yrs later battery 33k plus! Car 5 yrs old. Sold to Copart 8k. Car only valued  at 40k.  STAY PETROLEUM!
EVs are scam.... cc is a scam. EVs are experimental. For experimentals, the consumer must be offered cash to try out experimentals.
Yet another reason why I will NEVER buy an EV. The industry is so ...new, that they can't figure out how to price parts. I will go to the grave with my ICE vehicle. At least I know what it would cost to replace a part and not give up my life to have dependable, low cost means of transportation. So, for Kyle, by a Corvette, even a used 2 year old Vette would cost less than an EV.
Investigate how the insurance co. Scraps this car !!!!!!
this makes no sense, search on line and the cost is only $32,000 genuine hyundai part.  Unfortunately this is the only way some young people learn how to buy, by making mistakes.
Anyone buying an electric car deserves everything they get any EV that is involved in a smash doesn’t matter how small the bump is the battery 🔋 must be checked and replaced this is just a rip off by the main dealer wake up people don’t buy these crap cars
This is why we have to fight for right to repair.
Hit a piece of road debris and they scrap your car ? Double you insurance ? Worse: your car can catch on fire and burn down anything within 50 feet while it burns at 4,500 degrees ? And your insurance doubles for 10 years. What's your enviro foot print now ?
So the entire EV car minus the battery isn't worth much brand new.  About a few thousand dollars. Can I just buy the car sans the battery?  I will mod it and put in regular acid batteries.  Bam, brand new EV that costs way less.
I planned  to buy Hyundai  EV. This is a good  warning  lesson to not buy it.
EV is not the future, hybrid is.
EVs are a scam, if purchased for saving the planet. They cost more, they take 8-10 years to save on the carbon footprint (vs an ICE vehicle), they are harder on roads (due to weight), they depreciate much faster, they're difficult to recycle, and repairs are astronomical. Buy an EV if you want, but don't do it to be green
Period. Don’t buy EV until we experience replacing car battery so affordable like how we buy double A battery for our remote. Thanks to EV early adopter for being EV guinea pig.
seems they just stole this car
EV is a scam.  It is immature technology.  The car still run on energy from power stations running coal.  The environment cost of the batteries manufacturing process is far worst than ICE vehicles emissions.  We shall stop the EV nonsense.
Looks like EV’s are garbage…could be riding in a Fire Bomb…and Could Bankrupt You !
That sums it up for me am not buying an ev lol
People need to send message and don’t buy this EV’s..the will make ordinary people robbed their hard earned money just to fix their ride la to go to work. It’s a scam of all proportions.
Guarantee there was nothing wrong with that car and it was all some bureaucratic bs.  If he went on his way and never brought it to the dealer nothing would’ve happened.  But because he did the right thing and tried to be better safe than sorry, he got pulled into this disaster.
Hyundai is garbage.
Don’t buy EV’s. You could do a LS swap.  It would be cheaper in the long run. I wouldn’t take an EV if it was Free. JUNK.
Think about it people if your cell phone battery doesn’t last 4 years why would a car battery, stay far away from junk EV
What… which is the brand… Hyundai… incredible…. I only had heard good things about them, but this is insane… I will remove Hyundai from my list of future electric cars as well as Volkswagen … seriously !
The battery list price is so high, it doesn't even fit in the List and Net column and the "5" is trucated.
Hmmm.  EVs so much better than ICE ones.
Don't you have lakes in Canada?. Take it to a lake, do what you have to do, and file a theft claim.
The insanity of this confounds me. If this is how Hyundai treats its customers, by not even removing the shield to do a proper inspection, then do they deserve to be in business? I’m told, by the Service Manager at Boundary Hyundai, that Hyundai Canada back them up, having been consulted,and proclaim the battery unsafe. I’m still puzzled how this assessment can be made from an external shield inspection. Is this the new reality with Hyundai (and quite, likely, KIA)  EV’s? If I was Kyle, I’d be contacting a local TV station Consumer Help Advocate, and be getting this news out there.
Electric cars are junk
BYD battery costs 10,000rmb ~ 20,000rmb + 3,000rmb labor = $2,100 ~ $3,000 USD give or take. For Tesla it's $5,000 ~ $20,000 per battery and labor varies.
Bingo. Electric cars are a scam. Bad for the environment and not sustainable
This is another reason why Tesla is so successful. No dealers. That Hyundai battery was marked up by the dealer by >30%. Another is Tesla developing sentry mode, and they OTA it to customers for free while BMW is trying to figure a way to charge a subscription for seat heaters, etc. Need a replacement battery for your Model Y, its $21k. Dealers are the scourge of the earth.
Biden Harris can afford this rocket. They steal our tax money and ruin the entire country. Shame on all woke idiots.
Get rid of your "clean" car and buy a dependable gas powered car that can handle road hazards. It didn't need a battery replacement until it got to the dealer.
That is very Apple of them 🤣🤣🤣
This makes me LOL... he voted for this sillyness. ;)
TESLA.  Or just get a gas car.
I own a hybrid vehicle that I purchased last year, and I love it. This unfortunate situation that the Canadian EV owner is going through is absolutely ridiculous, but is also one of the unknowns that reinforced my decision to get a hybrid and not a purely electric vehicle. And I have to also say that I have been following for quite some time now all of the news stories about the many engine compartment fires in both Hyundai and Kia vehicles, and there was NO WAY I would have ever considered buying a vehicle from either of those companies even before this latest fiasco where the cost of replacing the battery of an almost new EV costs more than the cost of the entire car when it was new a year ago... that is INSANE!!!
Also, what happens to the old battery pack? If it ends up in landfill, that’s not green at all!
The cover and housing are engineered to protect. If there is any question as to a battery's viability, it clearly needs to be placed in a strong-box that wont allow a dealer or mechanic to be so subjective when assessing any superficial damage. "Your battery box has a bunch of scratches, you need a new $60k battery". Its absolutely ridiculous. Now, if its a massive impact and the housing is smashed to shit, ok maybe the battery is questionable. Short of that, its liability and red tape the owner shouldnt have to deal with.
so a few scracthes and a 12 months old car is to be written off. How green is that! 🙂
Anybody spending nearly $60,000 on a Hyundai deserves all the grief and woe they get. That's the most insane part of this article.
New engine and transmission for Ford Fusion $5,700.00
I used to work in a dealership service department, and we worked with the parts department all the time. A lot of people don’t realize these dealer parts departments have markup tiers. If a part costs them $65 and standard list price of $100, the parts Dept would sell it at $135 to anyone they could. I’d about guarantee that dealer was marking up that battery insanely and Hyundai home office could see that. Notice the “cost” line on the quote matches the list? They’ve hidden their cost.
FAKE NEWS - This is CANADIAN money, which is worth 25% of American, so not $60k, instead $15k, which is reasonable for that car.
I'm sure a visual inspection of the battery AND computer diagnostics could read of each cell pack in the battery to see if it's damaged or compromised in any way. Common sense says something is rotten in the state of denmark. Follow the money trail and see who benefits/loses in this "scam" and you will have your answer. Love those reporters, hope there will be more info in the future since everything is going EV.
If the battery protector didn't protect the battery, surely it should be classed as a defective part or not fit for purpose?
ICBC is the biggest fraud going they call themselves an insurance company but that is not true they are a fraud company.  Is the mass of board of directors overpaid  The only insurance company in the world that doesn't have adjusters that go out to the body shops.  The only insurance company in the world renting the basement of police stations.  The only insurance company in the world that runs all sorts of things that have nothing to do with insurance.  The only insurance company in the world that collects fines for the Government of British Columbia.  The lowest claim rates in all of Canada and the highest insurance rates at the very same time.  The biggest fraud in Canada is the insurance corporation of British Columbia.  If you can avoid coming to British Columbia and buying a car and ensuring it in British Columbia you're 5000% better off.  They are a total fraud.
EV, do not want.
In fact, after I decided to buy an electric car for the first time, I became hesitant after hearing about problems and malfunctions faced by the owners of these cars.
When you buy EV, only buy Tesla, not those KIA/Hunydai
hyundai is a 3rd world country never buy a car from a 3rd  cause your getting 3rd world quality
Welcome to the future where the world is a car graveyard. EVs are a half-baked idea and need to hold out for battery tech advancements. No battery should cost $15k, let alone $50k
Why didn’t the owner just keep driving the vehicle, all batteries can explode and catch on fire. Doesn’t mater who makes the vehicles, all batteries can explode. I would like to buy his vehicle for $1000. US
the invoice is 6649.98 nett total amount 56649.98 sure it not a invoicing error! the net for labour matches and the net for battery is same bar an extra 5 at beginning
EVs are expensive in Canada.    China is cheap.
I also worried about what the heck happens in 8 years when folks go to trade in a car that the battery is getting a little falkey who would want the thing they would be worthless
60k for a battery is ridiculous!  I appreciate the technology and all but I won’t be getting an EV anytime soon. I’m used to the simplicity and reliability of my 07 Honda pilot.
EV's have always been a con. Just don't buy one! Imagine still debating 😳🤣 The question should be, why the protection cover didn't protect the battery, not why it wasn't taken off, to check, although that's important as well
what a scam
I wont be buying an EV after watching this.
The idiot show....lets see them talk...😛🍿
This is Car and Driver YouTube edition.
It's the dealer... I smell scam! 😅
I bet his car and the battery have been changed and resold under different plate.  Don’t buy EV, just lease them so company are liable.
There are plenty of cars older than 15 years on the roads.   Will we see many EV's older than the life of the first battery?  I personally don't think so. Which if it turns out to be true makes them an environmental disaster.  Lets see what happens in the next 10 years.  We desperately need much better and safer batteries.
Buy an EV they said it'll be fun they said.
EVs aren't ready for mass market and 60k on a Hyundai is ridiculous.  My gas cars have a lot of life left in them.
Golden Rule, never buy an electric car. With all the EV fires, battery failures, low cold weather range, high running costs etc, I am so glad I stayed with an I.C.E. variant.  P.S. that battery does not cost $60,000 to make, 100% markup for sure!  (maybe 150%)
The issue here is that the technicians (which I am one) aren't trained in battery disassembly. I can't take a course in battery disassembly and Hyundai don't share information on their batteries.  Hyundai are dreaming if they think they can deal with all accident claims, they'll have to open a new subsidiary in the collision repair industry just to keep up with demand. Until this technology is shared and taught at trade schools the repair of batteries is going to be replace not fix.  If the world doesn't care about this issue the world will run out of lithium building replacement batteries.
You expect me to feel sorry fkr this rich boy, who cant even do an ounce of research to see that EV cars are a massive scam?
FJB !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If the battery costs more than a new car, its meant be  disposable...
Wonderful video.  Thank you for.such an informative video.    How does issues such as these impact on the purchase of "used" EVs?  This is beyond insane!  No thanks Hyundai, I will never buy your brand of vehicle whether EV or non-EV!  It is pointless to have a battery protection cover.  True incompetence from the Hyundai dealership.  Little to no oversight on issues such as this that causes immense irreputable harm for customers such as Kyle.  Start a class action lawsuit because that is what Hyundai is clearly asking for.
@Motormouth good work, thanks for covering this!
Buy an ICE car !!!!!
This is just another reason not to get an EV.
We told you.
They can keep the car and shove it. I don’t know who’s stupid enough to buy a car were you have to pay that much money for any repairs screw that.
If the government or state makes it's citizens to purchase EV's then the government is responsible to pay for all maintenance on these vehicles as you don't have any other options. It's  like the present automobile fluid replacement on present cars. The manufacture gives you, the owner, a specification that meets the manufactures specifications the manufacturer has to provide the owner the fluids for free.
Some of the dealers are total crooks. Im not familiar with canadian dealerships but in north america this is a very common practice. I have a huge expirience in automotive repairs after 15 + years working on german cars i'm still seing how careless and unprofessional the official dealers are. More detailed inspection had to be done before voiding the warranty. Battery cover had to be removed / if there is no physical impact to the actual battery the cover simply had to be replaced. Battery health checks had to be done: also good idea to monitor the temps while supercharging. If the dealer is saying the battery was severely damaged they will need to provide more physical evidences. Based on their statement that the gap between the cover and the actual battery is not within the specs is not enough for voiding a warranty on 1 yo car. The bad part about all of this that Kyle gave up on his Hyundai too early. This story will severely affect their production sales. Tesla is quioting 8 k for battery replacements in NA and people are still complaining that the price is too high.
Let's see Biden wants every American to own a electric cars by 2035 because of global warming, that is the most stupidest thing I have ever heard, brain washed left-wing democrat liberals socialist brainwash insanity.
That is a business killer.
EVs have an extra virtue signaling tax for self-righteous woke fools.  And a "you believe CNN" copay.  Seriously... it's hard to feel sympathy for such gullible people.
Seems like libtard vehicles aren’t that great after all.
EVs are still immature IMO. Battery capacity, recycling, recharging time, supportive infrastructure, etc. No matter from which perspective we look at it, you just can't beat an ICE vehicle. Not yet. There is simply no merit to switch over now. Period.
Buy it to save $$? HA I dont think so screw evs' and stay with gas
Thanks for making this public knowledge.
I mean, take any car, be it EV or ICE, with any kind of protection cover on the undercarriage, what are the odds of it not being scratched up after driving it for several years.
After the 'Made to be Stolen' debacle and viewing this $60,000 EV battery disaster....why would any rational person go out and buy a Hyundai or Kia?
Oil Companies control you by lying about the price of Gasoline.  EV makers will empty your pockets by lying about the cost of batteries.  Nothing Changes..... how does your booty feel?
Few years ago I bought a 2012 honda civic hybrid. Before buying, I asked about the battery cost and lifespan. The reply seemed reasonable so I bought the car. Later on, i tried to get a hitch on the car and could not find one, so i asked the dealer. They said that it is not recommending that as it could damage the tranny. Was the tranny that flimsy and light to save fuel that it cannot handle any stress? That was to use on a 200Lbs trailer to carry my around 100 Lbs generator or something too dirty or too big to put in the car but nothing heavy. I was told no. Driving up the hills, seemed like I might have to get out and push. This is not a honda issue but a hybrid technology issue. We are not there yet. Also, if you’re doing this for the environment, remember this…. A cell phone battery leaks, it creates serious environmental problems, what do you think that a car battery 100 times its size would do? Yes, they promised recycling but that song was sung years ago with the cell phones. Not saying that any company has or will not recycle. The promise was broken then, might happen again. So in an attempt to do something good for the environment it could end up costing you lots of money 💰 or you are unknowingly helping pollute the environment. Something to ponder.🤔
Best video for the 2023 for those of who are considering buy EV next year 😂😂😂
If EV’s are this fragile then - no thanks.  Plus if the dealership did not remove the protection plate and inspect the battery and run tests then sorry - the dealership did NOT do THEIR due diligence.  So for the dealership to not have this basic repair knowledge — that’s a problem. Kyle should have elevated to the mfg directly.  All mfgs have regional offices. Then escalate from there.  The OTHER issue with EV’s is they are not paying their share of road use taxes. EV’s are heavier due the batteries so they should pay more road use tax as they are a heavier vehicle.  More wear and tear on the roads.
But your gullible enough to think you will save the planet, go green .lol
I wish they would just make hydrogen cars more available zero pollution than electric ones which are just bad for environment as gas cars
Lucky person who picks that up as possibly nothing wrong with the battery...
This is why insurance on EV's are so expensive.... This is an Insurance issue, not the factory. Also those batteries are rebuildible so the old battery has value!
first dear Hyundai get rid of this criminal fraudulent dealer. He ruins your name...!
There is absolutely no way that the battery pack cost $60,000. How are they able to sell a new vehicle for $55,000? The protection plate is there to get scratches, dings and minor dents.
How many batteries on the road are scratched like this or worse. So according to Hyundai all EVs are ready to spontaneously combust as soon you scratch the battery compartment. Very confidence inspiring.
swap it with diesel engine and call it good
Anyone who thinks that these cars are green needs to think it over again.
Hahaha! Never ever EV!!! What a scam.
There 1st mistake was to buy a Hyundai.
So on the quote, how does a list and net price of $6649.98 translate into a $56649.98 amount to pay?  If you look at the labour that all carries straight across at the same $1599.50 cost.  So, where does the extra $50,000 get added for the part cost?  It looks like there was an error on the quote, and a 5 was added to the total price to make it $56,000.
The real question here, whether the battery needs replacing or not, is... Why does changing out the battery cost $60K?!! Most companies selling EVs do not make a profit on the single sale of those EVs. Is this their plan to turn a profit on EV sales overall?
So there's a market for battery pack shield shields.
All I had to do was scan ahead...
I work at a dealer and the factory says the battery coming back can’t have any damage, not even a scratch. Which is odd because the new one comes in with scratches!
My ev6 faster and longer range replacement battery is $7kNZD Hyundai need a strong look at themselves. No wonder they are fading behind the pack. BYD seal. Structure battery 8 year warranty and life span is ex-extend to be your life or a million km which ever which one comes first. These old school batteries Hyundai use is embarrassing
Learn from this guy's mistake,and never get involved with EV's.
This is about the 4th or 5th Hyundai EV news piece I’ve seen about cars less than 5 years old needing a battery at an outrageous price. Hyundai are junk and this confirms it for me.
Conclusion: Do not buy EV!
This frustrates me to no end. The car should handle road use. The batteries are expensive because they use lots of valuable resources and require a lot of resources to manufacture an transport. I think ev manufacturers should be forced to take steps to protect these resource rich batteries from accidental damage, at the he very least for environmental reasons. Here an entire car and battery hit written off. What a waste. I feel sorry for the guy.  I really hate when these new age tech and auto companies use tye consumer as their r&d guinea pigs.
Anyone who hears this story will not buy a Hyundai electric car.
So now the first thing to do after buying an ev car is, attach another metal slab to protect the protection cover?
Never own and never buy anything so COMMUNIST Democrats tell you to. Ex: Medical coverage.
Why am I not surprised that this voided warranty video is in relation to a Hyundai/Kia product. Hyundai and Kia have a long long history of trash engineering, cost cutting and extremely awful  post purchase consumer support. Kia has more recalls, fires, theft, denial of warrant claims and predatory consumer practices than most other car brands. Learn your leason and stay away.
They should have bought a Tesla. These kind of articles are being put out by the fossil fuel proponents like BP oil and the legacy auto makers that make more money with the internal combustion engine, and the endless supply of auto parts. With the recent UAW agreements made for the 30% hike in workers wages, both Ford and GM have given up on the EV because they are losing millions. As Elon musk has repeatedly said, the only way you make money with the electric vehicles is to scale up so it becomes financially profitable. Rivian is currently losing $30,000 on every EV vehicle they produce. The electric vehicle business is “slowing down” for the legacy companies, but NOT for Tesla, or the Chinese EV’s. Ridiculous fake stories about insanely over priced battery replacements are  invented by the ICE industry who refuse to join the electric vehicle revolution, because there’s not enough money to be made on parts, maintenance and skyrocketing fuel costs. The same stock market bears  are betting that the TSLA stock price will collapse, but lose all their money as Tesla continues to  dominate the US EV market by over 70%.
EVs are still “relatively” new. Battery longevity, battery replacement cost, used EV reliability and value, charging infrastructure, etc., are all largely unknown.  I like the idea and tech of EVs but I have to get good value out of my car so it will be years before I would ever consider an EV or hybrid.
I’d get a lawyer and sue the f out of hyundai
😂
Go figure..go electric..lol..
Sold a chevy volt recently.   It would have cost me 30k to replace the battery.  EVs are a rip off
if the car was a total lose . where is the car now .?
Makes perfect sense. How you think car companies going to make money. SImple Sell EV's make money on the batteries. Even our governments are fully on board to switch everyone to EV's to save the climate. Giving incentives to buy them. Car companies just loving the idea. Instead of buying a ICE car or truck which if you take care of it can last 20 to 40 and sometimes 60 years. EV battery they are working on making only last 10 years. I pretty sure they are comming up with ways to make the battery expire. Also ways that you have to buy the battery from the dealer only otherwise it wont work. The scam and cons never end. Its like Ink Jet printers the Ink is more then a brand new printer.  Also since there is no standards for EV's they can come out wirh different charging ports and make you have to use theirs.
If Kyle wants to get screwed again.  Buy another piece of junk.  I don’t mind getting screwed, as long as I can enjoy it.  Kyle got robbed.  That is what car companies do,screw you.
Avoid the EV push
EV vehicles are not for the middle class
Ok, I a missing something here.  How can a battery be $65,000 CAD?  That is insane.  Case in point, I have a 2013 Lexus HS250h Hybrid Sedan and a brand new replacement battery from Lexus is $3000 USD installed by the dealer.  Oh yeah, despite my car being 14 years old, a battery can still be ordered from Japan.  Which raises a bigger question is, will Hyundai/Kia even have batteries available for sale at any price for your electric/hybrid car once the model is discontinued?
Prius 2004-09 battery is 2-3k
Lol the dealer even applied matrix Pricing to the battery, you can get it for 30k US so 40k Canadian... dealer wanted to make a cool 20k.
Thanks for bringing this to the publics attention.  I was considering a Hyundai BEV but not any more. What I take away from this, is never tell anyone that you might have run over something, and if the car burns up, well there won't be any evidence left, so sue the automaker.
Bottom line is definitely don’t ever buy a HUNDAI electric vehicle.   In fact don’t buy any electric e vehicle.  Or you will be sorry.
The cost of these batteries for cars exceeds the cost of the vehicles they are putting them in and the Government (Your Tax Dollars) subsidizes them to get the car off the lot but after that its up to you!  I will stick to Gasoline!
More proof, if you really needed it, that EV is one of the biggest scams  brought on the population
Thays why ypu never buy a pos hyundai....
Why didn’t Kyle just keep driving the stupid car.   At some point in the game ; you the consumer , need to use that brain you were born with and decide to move forward with.
Put simply, if anything touches the battery protection plate, the car is a write off. Sounds to me that the both the battery protection plate, and the vehicle, are not fit for purpose. A reasonable person could reasonably expect to hit something on a road, or a speed bump in a car park. We had an argument with a council a few years ago who were installing 'traffic calming devices'  that were higher than the legally required minimum ground clearance of a vehicle. Consequently a lot of vehicles got damaged, but none were written off. If the battery protection plate is capable of protecting the battery, then it is a sales marketing device. Sounds like the dealership followed protocols precisely, which they should have. This is the green future folks, no cars because we can't afford the insurance, or driving a car without insurance. Regardless, the depreciation of a 8 or 10 year old vehicle is it's full purchase price
Yes arent EV's super great! And a great deal?
Sounds like the guy was ripped off by the dealer. Funny how they speed up the disposal to get rid of the evidence, and the dealer and insurance clearly made money out of this.  That's just criminal. You guys need proper trading standards in Canada.
Fake news you must been paid by the oil industry there is no way it cost more for a battery than the whole car
Stupidity has a price associated with it 😂
Watch the insurance rates of Hyundai EVs soar.
You would have to be an idiot to buy an EV.
This Guy got Scammed and this is absolutely intolerable .  PLUS the Battery  IS not 60 K.  Why make a video when you didn't do some hardcore research ?  I could replace the battery  myself. And so could anyone it s not that difficult.  Stop scaring that crap out of people getting electronic cars..
Nobody will ever convince me that EVs are safe when there are many instances of them catching fire while driving.
People’s lives change because of one badly written warranty policy.
I'm never buying an EV. When a new engine for a gas car is a fraction of the cost of a new battery for an EV, it's a no brainer.
I own a Tesla S and to replace the battery is approximately $20K, how does the dealership constitute $60K for a Hyundai battery, that too me seems like someone is taking extreme advantage of this individual which I fine pathetic!! so the battery is worth more than a the new car it's self, fundamentally I find this appalling and wrong!! My wife just purchased the Hyundai Kona full electric vehicle and will pass this along to her. I also believe insurance companies are also as crooked as the dealerships, it would be very interesting to have an expert look at this cars battery and get a forensic breakdown of actually what is wrong with battery, quite frankly there was hardly any damage on the car, after see this article I would never purchase a Hyundai vehicle.
Is the car even worth 60K new?
That’s all EV cars.   There is no resale value.
The insurance for EVs is going to be astronomical as more and such stories occur.
lesson learned, do not buy hyundai?
This entire false hood of lowering your footprint. This entire premise is a complete lie . Start telling the entire truth about the EVS . From start to finish . The pollution & resources in immense .
I mean wow!!, insurance would not cover you for any accident if the battery warranty expired or was invalid !!.  That issue does not apply to gas cars.
Hyundais are trash. Even their gas cars are junk. Best to stay away from them. Buy a gas Corolla, Civic or Mazda 3 and use the $30,000 savings to pay for gas.
EV’s a glabalist scam that doesn’t deliver on the many promises.
Thank you for the video; it is very interesting. I wondered what a reasonable cost level is that is acceptable for replacing the battery. I mean, a gas engine can last for 10-15 years, up to maybe 200,000km, before it goes to scrap. It is indeed crazy under this circumstance. I hope to buy EV in 5-10 years, and all these issues should be sorted by then.
Oh my god, she looks like a total clown😂. Have the owner of the car call me. I want to buy his totaled car from him
Coal powered cars are the stupidest invention in history. The people who buy them are also.
This young man was scammed by either the dealer or the insurance company,,,,, none of this situation makes sense ,,, they are going to put this vehicle back I. Circulation,,,, please don’t let them get away with this,,,, the insurance Company y should never put this Young man with bad standing,,,, make sure there is a follow up and tell everyone Not to Use the insurance company that this Young man is affiliated with
Then you will get cheap Chinese manufacturers offering cheaper replacement  batteries ,next thing lots of house fires like we see from cheap Chinese batteries in  e -scooters
Battery is not cheap on any electric car. For that matter battery is never cheap on anything even on solar panel setup, the most cost is now the battery and not the panel.
The absurdity of this is that the battery was not looked at for damage.  The dealership should go good on a new car and obviously did not have the technical expertise to work on this vehicle.  I own Ioniq 5, love it, not worried about single stories such as this but I am going back to icbc to get replacement cost insurance added to my coverage.
EV’s are a big net negative when all things are considered.
1st mistake buying a Hyundai, 2nd mistake buying an EV
This and other examples similar to this prove to me that we are still years away ( maybe even decades) from EVs becoming mainstream.
I think Kyle was being stroked  by the dealership. This never was a warranty issue. Most of these dealerships really don’t know a thing about these cars. That’s why they never did a proper inspection. If he had taken this vehicle to after market EV shop they probably would done a proper inspection. He would have been on way no problem. If it were me and I found out that a replacement battery would cost $60,000 I would never buy the car in the first place. I’ve been working on these things for 15 years. Replacement batteries don’t cost $50,000. These batteries are quite well protected.
Just another reason not to buy electric vehicles.
This case has made me think again about my admiration of electric car.
I feel like there is very little reason to hop on the EV bandwagon until carmakers really have this business model figured out. It seems like Hyundai Canada was making up a response to this issue on the fly.
i'm starting to see more and more of these types of videos. i'm glad the world is finally opening their eyes. i've been saying this since tesla gained popularity with this first-gen model s'.
EVs are worthless the day they are produced. You hit the nail on the head.
Yep, Toyota was right.
Could you please ask the manufacturer to clarify the warranty terms “warranty voids if the battery is impacted “?!
What is the point of a protection cover?
Why would any sane man buy an ev car ?
3:26 why does the list price only say 6649.98 ? We're did the 5 come from in the amount section?  I think it's a miss print there's no way that's real thing
Nope not buying ev. This is ridiculous
Wow!  Never will buy a Hyundai.😮
that's why I don't buy those stupid electric cars
The main issue is that the battery is made up of numerous cells therefore ANY severe shock could potentially compromise its integrity and hence the liability aspect. Just another exposure of the EV scam being perpetrated upon us. Make cars with small engines and own one not many. Conservation is the actual issue at hand.  J
The shop that told Kyle this would cost 50-60k was assuming him and you all are naive af.   A simple search shows that the Hyundai Ioniq 5 battery pack is 5-6k. Then add the labor of specially trained mechanics/technicians who can do the battery swap. If it’s bad?  It’s not gonna cost 50-60k. I smell RATS!
Scam dealer scam inspection and insurance fraud
So wait, is the car immovable? Is there no power to that electric vehicle... there's no issue if the vehicle is operational. However in some cases where accidents are concerned, there can be some accidents where cost to repair the damages may exceed the book value of the car...   evs are wack in my opinion
Guess the technology needs a change.   How green can you be?   Stupidly Green.
this generation is doomed, ripe for the trashcan. he still likes the idea of an EV and thinks of buying another one. he deserves everything the present and future throws at him. gullible is an understatement. this also shows what schools are doing - churning out crowds of brainwashed little zombies incapable of making independent informed grounded decisions. all they know is making ideology based decisions.
Check column showing list  and net price...which shows $6649 for the part.....and it looks like "5" was added in front of it to get final price of $56649. See 6:44. Looks like an error to me.
60 000 of pure virtue scam
Nothing but a big ripoff
These electric cars are know to catch fire just being parked so this is a perfect way to get out of covering the warranty.  I would bet money the battery is 100% perfect and if he never went to dealer he'd be still driving his car.
G'Day, I am no engineer. BUT the scrapes on the protection cover are exactly the sort of damage caused by slowly traversing a curb or other concrete object. an impact at speed would of caused deformation of the cover itself. Car dealers are notorius for ripping off customers. Unfortunatly  after an impact to the battery, there could be damage. and there could be an issue with the battery self distructing. There needs to be a impact indicator, like a thin aluminum sheet between the battery and the protection cover, to show if the impact went to the outer cover of the battery. Well presented Vidio. Regards. Peter W. Australia.
Did anybody realize on the amount it says 6649.98 somebody accidentally added a 5 before that 6649
Moral of the story? Never go to a dealership,NEVER
Even after battery degradation in ten years it still worthless because nobody is going to buy a new battery
Maybe I'm missing something but on the list and net price its showing $6649.99 but in the final tally column its $56649.99. Not sure how it jump $50,000 between columns
The automovil industry has been always a big scam! Always profiting with the spare parts.
$60k for a auto battery replacement is ridiculous and an abomination!
What a scam! The damaged battery protection cover isn’t even quoted in the repair. So they fit a new battery and put the scratched cover back on and the warranty is still void? Stop reporting that EV cost less in fuel and has a lower footprint as you are just feeding the narrative to the gullible. This is insane.
Thanks for the info. I'm Canadian and leaving in the US also. Thought about buying this car but not anymore. I'll go back to the Toyota Hybrid. At least I know battery replacement is only around $5 to $6 thousand. Hyundai...Forget You.
God how much I hate Dealerships. At least with Tesla you bypass Dealership headaches.
What scam! The technicians have no idea how to replace the battery
Aren't car batteries modular? If they are, the why not replace inly the affected area? If they aren't then why aren't they?
What I don't understand ... Why is the EV battery is located in an area that could be easily impacted from road hazards? I wonder if vehicle designers addressed potential driving risks to the underbody 'protection' cover and EV battery integrity. It sure doesn't seem so.
This settles it for me. I already had my doubts about electrics. I just won't buy one, period. If you ask me, Kyle is a victim of a process for which he has no control. He has to pay double for ten years for something that isn't his fault. He should be able to file a lawsuit against Hyundai. If I were him I would buy the oldest POS at this point and have not have full coverage.
Just in case you didn’t know ,Electric cars are a racquet ! And will not save you money and, they cause more pollution and slave labourers,perhaps in a few ,years things would be better but, for now people will continue getting “seduced “.
I'll just get a Lexus hybrid instead.❤
This definitely a wake up call for anyone who owns an EV!
Do not buy an EV. The current situation vis a vie battery life and replacement cost just does not make sense.  If you must have an EV lease it and run don't walk away at the end of the lease.
Boy am I glad I bought a Tesla instead of a Hyundai (which I tried hard to buy). This story will probably steer me clear of Hyundai from now on.
Perhaps that dealership belongs to apple. All you have to do is stick your car in a bag of rice and buy a new case for your battery.
The moral of the story, don't by an Ev. They are a disposable appliance. I'll stick to my ice
14:28 "trendy".  He'll buy another one.  Kyle didn't learn a damn thing
This EV vehicle is now a major fire hazard. If Hyundai or the ins. co. allowed this back on the road  and someone is seriously injured or killed because of thermal runaway guess who is getting sued??? Another nail in the coffin for the EV industry.
Thank you for sharing this, so sorry all he is going through. Hopefully everyone can learn from this. God bless! AL from CT
No resale value for electric cars. A bad investment for  now
What does EV stand for Exceptional Voleur. That is the industry. How can you buy a used EV when you don't know how it has been charged in use?
Just don't buy a EV.
I always tell people don’t buy Hyundai or Kia they don’t hold up
The dealer is a total joker
Bugger Hyundai. I know not to buy one of those.
Al. EV is scam. Cause chína is behind it. and our politicians shake hand with them to push it
If you buy a li-ion EV, you deserve a $60K battery replacement cost.  Enjoy it.
This whole story makes me laugh! People are so naive. What did people think was going to happen when their freakin battery died. Ev industry is a joke.  Really lady? You think?
Wow that is INSANE! Based on the damage, this should be able to be repaired. There is an approved method to repair the cover. Also, packs are WAY cheaper than that at every other Manufacturer. It sounds like this Dealer does not know what they are doing.
People purchasing Ev and hybrids are getting fucked!!! This whole EV movement is insanity! they have the technology to run cars of of magnetism, water, and even waste material but will never let the public know about it. We are paying for free energy people please do some research!
Hahaha 🤣 if these cars are that fragile and cannot withstand a minor incident like that without worrying about the battery exploding I really wouldn’t trust my own safety riding in such an abomination nor would I ever want one any near my home.
Sorry but I can hear anymore the quote « carbon footprint «  as it was completely invented and not relevant at all.
My 4x4 diesel toyota gets 50 mpg bought it for 3k its now worth 4k.  Electric cars lose money whilst dirty old diesels make money. I'll keep my diesel!
Nice story. EVs are failed technology.  It is too fragile. Its too expensive. Its too short-lived. Most people cannot afford the risk of having such a car. On top of that, it is not even good for the environment. The production tall on the environment is greater then for ICE vehicle. And it cannot even be used outside of the developed countries that much, hence all the markets where we were shipping our used but working ICE cars with high standards for production are now will have a demand for a cheap new ICE cars with much less quality requirements...
Kia and Hyundai are trash brands. Parts are super expensive and interior is super cheap made
Yet another reason to avoid buying an electric vehicle.
Why are we doing this to ourselves? This is insane. Just another reason not to EVER purchase a EV.
Don't trust the dealership.
But think of all the money he saved on gas washer fluid and brake pads. Well worth the cost. LOL.   Wasn’t it Elon himself who said “there’s a sucker born every minute”?
Thanks for reason # 3,432,183 why EV tech is a financial and environmental DISASTER.
Looks good on the idiots who buy EVs.😅
This is why you do not by foreign vehicles ! He was a FOOL to by a foreign vehicle ! 😂😂😂😂😂😂.
Electric vehicles are a scam. That's why the government wants to force you to buy one.
Safe to say this car’s carbon footprint far outweighs any ICE vehicle
Approx £35k uk sterling.
Junk  cars. Wow two more suckered. Finding out the hard way.  .thanks for getting this out there. No electric cars.
Thanks for this report. I'll never buy a Hyundai now and will be reconsidering any EV purchase.
This would not happen in Australia. Our consumer laws are very strict, and the department that manages consumers affairs has real judicial teeth. Interestingly, our laws make the DEALER or SELLER completely responsible for the after sales warranty and care. Consumers are NOT required to contact the manufacturer, and sellers cannot fob them off by telling them to do so. Retailers, dealers and sellers are completely responsible for conforning to consumer laws...which means if they fail in their responsibility the consequences are on them...not the manufacturer. Dealers are fully aware that failing to meet legal obligations on "fair use" (warranty has no meanng under Australian law...only "reasonable fitness for purpose") will lead to legal consequences for them.
Junk.............
This is what happens when governments turn against the interests of it's people
Hyundia is the bad choice Telsa
Look at the invoice shown in the video at around 3:19 - is there a typo and the actual battery cost for part no 37501-GI351 $6649.98 as shown in the List/Net column as opposed to $56649.98 shown in the Amount column?
Well I guess I won't be getting an EV as I can't afford A car and a battery that costs more than a new car. Which asks the question, how can a battery cost more than a brand new car?
So... Kyle is a moron for buying that rolling piece of excrement. Good on Kyle.
my version. this dude smashed this car on the ground and now it's somebody else's fault.... I have an IONIQ 5 and you have to slam it pretty hard to damage the battery
Only muppets by EV,s
I have a 2022 IONIQ 5 and this story has more holes than a Swiss cheese. This car has a 100,000 mile bumper to bumper warranty. How is this man paying 60k? Very very very suspicious
To think I was foolish enough to consider buying one of these, no thanks.
This is absurd to next level. Total a car because of a small dent and I don't see how it is environmental friendly? Maybe just put the resources to lower the cost of synthetics fuel and stick with ICE.
To be fair most battery powered cars replacing the battery is almost half the price of the car... People need to realize this when they buy these crappy things.
Everyone who considers buying an EV or even a hybrid should watch this.  I have hybrid vehicle that is 9 years old and the battery will need to be replaced soon.  The problem is that due to depreciation a battery replacement will cost more than the care is worth so when that day comes I will have to scrap the car.  I personally will never under any circumstances buy another battery powered car.  I now recognize that electric battery powered cars is one of the stupidest things anyone has ever thought of.   Even of gas prices go to $10/gal it will still cost more to operate and maintain an electric vehicle.
This is a very important video.  If the wider public see this, it will kill off the EV industry
THIS is the kind of crap that would keep me from EVER buying an EV..
Why would this surprise anybody!  Purchase any part for a car and the will cost many many times the price of what was originally installed on the car.
Ouch....and we were going to trade-up from our Sonata Hybrid to a full EV. I think NOT.  It looks like the actual Total Cost of Ownership is simply not reasonable.
As a retired master teck this is really disappointing. For 60k no one even took the time to remove that cover and properly inspect for impact damage. Icbc should have looked for some one with experience to get another opinion at least. What a waste. Now days not much gets repaired everything just gets thrown in the garbage.COME ON PEOPLE
problem solved , dont buy an ev  the ev revolution is all bollocks , when cars first came around a lot of them were electric but petrol won
@ this point only braindead people buy ev's
LUDICROUS!!! Seems to me that the ONLY evidence of damage is a scratch on the protective cover. No actual symptoms of damage or battery degradation. What I NEED to know is what is the issue? Won't charge, won't hold a charge, WHAT? How can you total a car for the "possibliity" of a problem? Kyle sorta shot himself in the foot by taking it to the dealer without an actual known issue, but I understand why he did. This is 100% a lawsuit! As Always, May God Bless you and yours! 😇
Sounds like another dealer / factory rip off there all bunch of wallet crooks
EV is not the tech of the future... Hydrogen (and other non-fossil fuels) can fuel internal combustion engines and get the same or more hp than gasoline. EV is not good for the environment when you consider the materials and process' used to make the batteries.
The problem is companies of all kinds don't want to honor their warranties, expressed or implied. This should be a massive nationwide lawsuit.😮
A scrape on the bottom of the car isnt unusual
Exploding Vehicles are an ecological disaster and utter shizer !!!!
Moral of the story... 1. don't be Canadian. 2. Don't buy Hyundai Electric cars.
Kyle smarten up do not buy this ev junk
A Heads Up!   Warning to the second hand / third hand buyer of these cars... these batteries run out and need replacing... You know where this is going Right!... If not stop and think... Yup!  As new expect 10 to 15 years use from a battery... second hand market with 10yrs on it... New Batery at Todays prices are $60,000 ten years on $???? ($80,000 to $90,000) . Because of course without the battery the car ain't going to run. So current owners are going to have to slash the sale value of the car to shift it on, or scrap it..... Messed up world of EV (as it stands)... None of this sounds good... except for the EV makers selling the world a dud dream.
liars. absolute bullshit. propaganda.
Hi - UN - Dai. Not Hun - Day
Cant compare a worthless ev with the quality of my 1991 mercedes e300 w124 , Own the car since 1998 and wil prolly for the next 25 years, Just passed 500000 km and still driving like new
I'm all for the adoption of alternative modes of transportation, but hearing about this solidifies my thought of not owning an ev for at least 10 years, or if ever.
Tesla battery packs are looking cheap in comparison at about $20k new or $9k refurbished in USD.
so why is the battery so expensive?
Don’t they have claims protection in Canada?
Wrong, it's just a typo ..look at the invoice you clowns....the battery list price is 6649.98 and when the figure is carried across to the totals amount somebody added a 5 by mistake , as if a battery would cost 56649.98 !!!! The schools in the U.S. and Canada are turning out really stupid journalists devoid of any critical thinking...😅 I suppose that's why 95% rolled up their sleeves to be guinea pigs for that  New mRNA vaccine that is causing heart failures and cancers in huge numbers of people these days.
The Hyundai Motor company is renown for selling you cheap cars but bankrupting you later with exorbitant spares.  It's a known fact worldwide.  How on earth can the vehicle costs $55k when new, but the replacement battery itself cost $60k?  Is Hyundai trying to imply that the car body, electric motor and upholstery all costs nothing?  Ridiculously absurd.
This is why battery cars are a waste of time and money, the push for these is insane!
this is insane, electric cars are unsustainable
I wish Kyle more luck next time and hope that he has learned a valuable lesson in life. He did such a big favour to all potential EV buyers to think twice before spending their money on products not ready for market.
lol, good quality decision to buy an EV!?!?!?!?!?!  lololololol ... should have just continued to drive the car.  Perhaps he could have taken the insurance $ and sked to buy the car back for pennies on the dollar since it was still in perfect running condition.
Batteries Plus?
Can everybody say scam ??
Karmas a bummer; e-cars are an environmental disaster, be glad owners are not charged for e-battery disposals yet.
So Eve are saving the planet. HA HA What a JOKE . Pay attention people you are being scammed big time HA HA
wow what in the fuck 56k batterie this is just silly if it get impacted by any mean scrapped those cars are a massive liability the most expensive part of you car close to road
0:24 ... we all know for a few years now Hyunday/Kia is not a car.. so why people still buying this toys? Guys.. just do some research before purchasing something
This has been an OBVIOUS issue and perhaps the main reason somebody could say EVs make ZERO SENSE as a consumer as well as NOT GOOD FOR ENVIRONEMNT wh3n you end up with worthless shit with such a short life cycle .  I have been OPEN about EVS and wanting to believe in them as well as a person who caught flack back in 2000s for even saying I thought Hyundais were better then given credit for in a value equation and often better , that Hyundai was a company to watch and am driving my s3cond brand new Hyundai avter my 1st purchase in 2007 and have tried to speak well of the company , not because i believe a corportion has any ability to be moral but because i believed hyundai was clever and it would be in peoples  best interest to think about or to purchase one of their products as an option for the car segment they wanted one from.  I officially recind my opinion and will neither recomend Hyundai or EVs to anybody unless i dont like them or they have no concerns over value and can throw money away and enjoy having hip products or feeling less guilty is worth being buggered .  So screw you guys Im going home.
I think the cover is slightly warped, and the battery is fine. Take the cover off and look at it!
i thought 25k for a rs3 block was pure insanity
Ha😂 was right. EVs are a rip off. And in regards to carbon footprint you will have to drive it for 100K miles to break even with comparable combustion engine. And unless you are charging at  home you will be paying equivalent to 15 dollars a gallon. The only winners are the politicians who are heavily invested in lithium batteries. Everyone else is a loser including the auto manufacturers.😂. 120k for tin can. Right. Liberals are  🦇 💩 🤪 . So easily manipulated by nefarious people.😅. All you can do is point out the error of their ways😊
A Battery protection cover to protect the battery and the cover has damage therefore the battery is impacted and must be replaced or your car can self ignite and you are driving a liability issue. Yeah, these EV's are 😃 great. My azz. Government pushing everything to disaster in lives. The people in charge are idiots with worthless degrees.
There is no reason to buy a EV EVER EVER
WTF, Hyundai is still trying to figure out warranty cost while customers go thru hell dealing with warranty issue!! Thank you!! I was considering getting the Ionic!! NOW, no more. I will go for Toyota hybrid instead. I have 2 Toyota and never have warranty issue with Toyota.
Let them write it off, then say that like to keep the vehicle As-is. To keep it, basically buying it for 10% of the value that was stated. Dealerships and insurance adjusters are a different breed… play in their game.
Serve you EV owners right
Why not make the battery cover a protective device like a skid pan on a 4x4 vehicle. Too many stupid issues don't buy these EV pieces of junk. Cost you so much money who can afford thisnscam
Oh i love my 2006 camry
PROPA   GANDA
All these batteries on wheels are going to absolutely destroy the wealth building tool of most people that getting into these things, which is their salary. Batteries on wheels are a ridiculous expensive depreciating asset. And the EV vehicle depreciates even faster than the ICE vehicles. No thanks! Subscribed. And the stealers are going to take even more advantage of you. Absolutely ridiculous.
First mistake was buying a Hyundai. Hyundai/Kia can't even build a reliable ICE vehicle, what makes anyone think they're capable of building an EV. Used to be you buy a Hyundai because they're cheap, but they're not even that cheap anymore
Hyundai battery protection failed.  Road hazards are common, the car should be designed to handle such trivial scratches. I would sue the dealer and Hyundai for full replacement cost of a new car and insurance premiums increases for the next 10 years.  He followed the dealership advice which was wrong.  It should have been covered under warranty.
have insurance write off the car, collect the money and just keep driving!  if they want to scam themself, let them 🤷🏻‍♂
Moral : don’t buy early versions. I got once Hyundai and I did not like at all, and the company may be as bad as the dealership, do not think they will are gonna save you . I have experience in that
Just keep driving the vehicle. I bet it has really NO issues. Just a bunch of BS
Top line of invoice shows the list and net prices of 6,649.98 but the amount entered in the “Amount” column has a “5” entered before a figure of 6,649.98.  This just looks like an error because 56,649.98 is not equally divisible by 6,649.98, even if multiple cells were involved. The quantity in the first column clearly shows an item count of “1”.  I would have queried this apparent discrepancy.
You knew electric cars were a bad idea so on the buyer.
EV insurance is going to skyrocket.
All these EV S are a scam. Don't get involved with this BS
Sounds like he should be suing Hyundai for making a battery protection system that does not work, is not fit for purpose and has a misleading name. Also avoid the dealership like it has the plague.
I was going to buy one of these, now I think I'll get a Model Y
If you are stupid enough to buy an electric vehicle.... There you have it!
I will stick to gas car for as long as possible literally this is just highway robbery.
I think we are just Scratching(no pun intended) the surface of the Great EV Scam on customers. I am a 30yr, Mechanic/Technician and those are NOT impact marks. They are clearly Scratches, not Dents. The sad thing is today it is not just - Pulling the wool over the ladies eyes - it is taking advantage of Every Customer, while offering ZERO explanation as to what Damage, if any, was actually done. If impact is such a concern, why are all EV's not equipped with specifically tuned Impact sensors?
Crazy!
So you dont buy a car, you buy a battery with a portable wrapper. Ridiculous.
When will the penny drop? EVs  are a scam. Cost the environment to make! Cost the environment to destroy! Buy DIESEL TODAY!!!!
And this is why they call them Stealerships here in the US, so now all they're going to do is replace the skid plate and resale the same car SMH
I drive a Hyundai , thought i was a Hyundai fan , thought i was open minded about EVs and that Hyundai seemed to have been pro active and smart compared to some others to position themselves to transition if that is neccecary .   Well i am now not a fan of Hyundai , not open minded about EVs and there seems to be mounting evidence that batterys make cars WAY WAY MORE likely to find yourself with a vehicle with ZERO EQUITY left in it despite it being hard to believe considering the condition of the CAR until you realize the Battery IS THE CAR so once its screwed you dont own a car juat a dead battery and not something you can sell to somebody who needs a used car .   Screw them all and screw anybody who can even tell somenbody with a straightface things like this .  This has been apparent for some time now and SOO ANTI ENVIRONMENT AND ANTI HUMAN . Screw them all .
Here in the united States only a fool takes their car to the dealership for maintenance and repairs, especially in this day and age. (90% of the time it actually costs more to get your vehicle serviced at the dealership than a repair shop.) and did the Hyundai dealer up there take their lessons from rip off row in Saint George, Utah?  Also in My own experience car dealerships are a rip off. literally. Nissan for example does a courtesy alignment check and almost always your car needs an alignment even if you just had one completed 3 days prior at a tire shop. As for the electric vehicles... well when you factor in the replacement cost of the battery vs. say the replacement cost of a engine of a ice vehicle of the same make and model the ice vehicle is more of a value.  As for Hyundai/Kia they have the reputation of being throwaway vehicles with quality control issues when they first landed on U.S. shores in the 80's. Fast forward to today and while their quality and style can easily beat the Europeans, however still the weakest point on all Hyundai/Kia vehicles are their engines. The piston rings and bearings tend to be a little on the loose side (increased fuel economy ) when new which is why oil and filter changes are vey critical on those engines.
Guaranteed for 10years or 200000km , should be changed to guaranteed for 10years or 200000km or minor scratch on the device specifically designed to protect your battery, whichever comes first.  if anyone was undecided about purchasing an EV, this mostly make them buy a ICE vehicle as fuel savings is miniscule compared to Battery costs , just my 2 cents.
There will never be a market full of EVs, many will simply not be allowed to own a vehicle.
Tesla has done a lot of battery replacements in the $10-12K range, even for Model S
Sounds like the dealership just wanted to make a lot more money and wasnt bothered whether the owner or insurance paid up. It's bizarre to me this type of warranty claim wasnt directed to Hyundai off the bat considering the cost but like I said, sounds like the dealership just saw dollar signs.
Wrecking the earth even faster than ever 😂
I have had my own issues with Hyundai and have since learned their recall numbers are staggering.   Numbers don't lie.   They drove me, no pun intended, to Mazda and Mazda almost never has recalls.  I feel bad for this young man.
😂
Overpriced parts, dealership price gouging and using fear tactics,  whats new about this?
Thanks for sharing this. This is a well known issue that is rarely reported widely. Any minor damage to a vehicle with a large battery may cause damage to the battery and the vehicle becomes unsafe. Therefore many new EVs are being written off and stored on massive fields with a sufficient distance from each other in the case a battery spontaneously bursts into flames. EVs have nothing with saving the environment due to the massive battery. In fact the opposite is true. EVs are just a toy for the rich.
Any one take the cover down ?
The invoice says that the battery is 6,649.98 which sounds right for a battery since Tesla's Batteries are only $20 -$25K.  The 56,649.98 is the markup to the customer.  As for Hyundai saying that they do not have a price for the battery, is a lie.  Based on the lie, Canadians should avoid the Hyundai, Genesis, and Kia brands. Hyundai has a price and they are not putting $56K batteries in cars that are priced at $55K.  So, the battery is something less and probably more like the Tesla price but on the invoice, the price is 6649.98 with a heck of a Canada markup for the customer.
Well, the first problem you have is the fact it's a POS Hyundai. Stick with Japan made vehicles like Toyota, Honda, Subaru and Mazda and you'll greatly reduce your risk of crap like this happening.
This Battery protection cover then serves absolutely no purpose ,if you drive this vehicle and hit a pothole it also would indirectly impact the battery with the force of the vehicle hitting a pothole , it all sounds like a money making scam. This is only environmentally friendly to the Battery manufacturers, the dealerships and the company builds the vehicle, which is Hyundai in this case, the gentleman in this case is being punished because he claimed from his insurance and must pay such an increase insurance premiums, this whole situation is not environmentally friendly.
However sorry one might feel for Kyle, it does some to be a very isolated case. Also seems the dealer handled this very poorly. Yes, the quote for the replacement is outrageous. But: it is not a warranty case (damage caused by driver), and I do understand why the dealer and Hyundai would be apprehensive about keeping a damaged battery in the car. They recently had to spend billions on a battery recall for the Kona EV. A fair replacement cost would still be a lot, but nowhere near what was quoted.
I'm hearing stories that it takes very little damage to actually total out an EV for all the same reasons: dealerships cannot guarantee that the battery isn't damaged in some way; and the cost to repair EV's with damage are more than the car is worth.  Therefore insurance companies are starting to raise premiums on EVs between 50% to over 100%.  Even if you are in a "no fault" accident, your premiums are going to increase.  Interestingly, the statements by KIA Canada did not actually state anything other than "we are looking into the replacement policy".  This is a standard industry (Lawyerly) response to show that "KIA cares", but I'd be more interested in what they actually implement and if it is truly fair and equitable to the consumer.  This is not to single out KIA as FORD did this recently to a Mustang EV owner who's battery was actually damaged by a towing company.
Never buy EV.😅😅😅😅
Never buy an electric vehicle! One big con job!!
Seems like fraud by the dealer trying to make a record score for their service department. I would sue the dealer and the mfg. Total BS. He should have a second opinion on the repairs needed. Take the freaking panel off and actually inspect the battery!😡
Wow. A simple road hazard that caused a small scratch results in the entire car being totaled.  That’s INSANE!!  Im sticking to my combustion engine vehicle.
Buying an EV to lower their carbon footprint 🤔🤔
more claims like this, good luck getting insurance on any EV
In the meantime I bought myself a $5k 2012 Toyota Corolla that will last me 5-10 years. I sure hope I'm not subsidizing this nonsense with my insurance premiums.
No, thank you I’m not interested in any EV’s in the foreseeable future
I a lot of people said Hyundai is a crappy company and I’m starting to believe it now
This is great information, and in line with what I had expected. The simple answer for most people to the problem of possibly having an astronomical battery replacement bill is DO NOT BUY A Battery-EV!  FWIW - I am still driving my all-original 2021 Toyota Avalon with 120K miles.
ICBC & Strata are the worst things in Canada.
after seeing this video.....EV is off!
Why would anyone buy an EV? You couldn't give me one. Everything the tell you about EV's is a lie!
33 years GM Technician here ,things you need to know before jumping on a dealership's throat , politics about EVs are really strict and the dealerships have to go by Hyundai politics on EVs otherwise the dealership will have to endorse the cost cause he will not be able to claim his battery and labor time from Hyundai, the dealership have their hands tied and have to comply, also a Battery pack doesnt need much damage to get dangerous, a slight deformation of the car is all it takes
The insurance companies need some guardrails
This is just one example of why I will never own an EV. To all the Democrats who insist on owning one, be my guest.
This is madness I looked up here in the UK a battery for that car is just over 5.000 plus labour which would be around 6.0OO so where the hell are they getting there prices from I would never buy an EV until the prices are more realistic and we have the full infrastructure in place he needs to fight this all the way
Thank you for helping me exclude kia/hyundai from future car buying searches, I had hired a sportage and really liked it, but if this is how customers are treated its a hard no.
This is a total JOKE - There HAS to be an Air Gap between battery and protective platw of at leazt 1/2 inch for coolinng also - what about speed humps?  I would have approuch Hyundai as Dealers are useless - i wont be getting an EV because of tbis - so are the batteries FREE  when you buy this vehicle but 60k to replace Ha Ha 😂😂 that's the JOKE
Thanks for the information  ,
Talk about a rolling piece of junk I hope you had enough sense to buy a gasoline second time around . 😮
Guess I won't be buying an EV anytime soon. Thank you for bringing this story to us! What an eye-opener.
Hyundai & Kia  make decent cars that look good. But after my assistant had an accident with i20 and barely damaged car was scrapped I decided never to buy this crap! They are total scams! Toyota is probably the only car manufacturer left with good quality cars and decent spare part prices.
let’s just go ahead and boycott all EV’s so these stealerships don’t find more customers to rip off.
Waste of money on junk vehicles these days
Incredible!!!!
dealerships trying to make a killing off repairs
The Consumer Electronics Industry has had a situation where it needs to have a replacement parts system to provide parts for approximately 8 years for example. How they get around this, is to have 1 complete item (In this case a complete car) and put the prices of the parts that high, that nobody will purchase the replacement parts, therefore the company does not have to deal with making spare parts. Maybe it will go the way of Smart Phones scams where they seal the battery in the car and have no replacement possible at all. Forced Obsolescence.  WE ARE ALL BEING CONNED.
Nothing surprises me anymore after this, I would never ever buy an EV
pos cars, stay away from anything electric…
I don't care how old the car is orwhat damage it has. The actual cost (not inflated out of greed) shold be the same.
Kyle is much nicer than I would've been. They would've removed the stupid scratched panel and shown me where the batter was "impacted". They would've used a scan tool to check the battery function. There is a serious design flaw with the protection plate-it needs to be much, much more protective. When an EV car is fully out of warranty, find independent shops to do the battery work because the "worn out" batteries are usually just a few cells that can be individually replaced.
The truth is, the batterie technology today do not make electric vehicles an option right now. What with the lack of range, time to recharge, longevity of the battery pack, that costs more than the original new car to replace, let alone the chance of spontaneous battery pack combustion even if it's not damaged, and the fact that the lithium for the batteries comes from African strip mines, mined also by children, and the electricity to recharge them comes from largely gas powered power stations, meaning electric cars cause more carbons combined globally than all petrol cars globally combined. As green groups wont allow any or anymore nuclear power stations to be built, which do not put out carbons. Then there is the disposal of used batterie packs, whilst not radioactive, are so toxic to the environment as to be on a par or worse. They highly pollute the land, water sources and much more with heavy metals and carcinogens for centuries, and if they catch fire, the smoke is much, much worse; breath it you die worse, on top of the fires being almost inextinguishable. For now, until there is better battery technologies that address all the issues above. Better off sticking with an internal combustion petrol engine.
They wonder why people  is not buying  these cars
EVs seem to be a less viable option now than they were 100 years ago.
Heres an idea. Considering how unreliable and expensive electric vehicles are, what if you just don't fucking buy an electric vehicle in the first place. My car is 13 years old, runs on gas, never causes me issues, and its paid for.   There are now endless entitled stories just like the one in this video on the internet now. Im tired of hearing about it and i have no sympathy for the car owners. If you dont read and understand the warranty or insurance, dont act surprised when something expensive happens to you. The owner cant afford to spend sixty thousand dollars on a new electric car? Then dont get a new electric car. Get a Hyundai Accent and set some money aside for repairs. Problem solved.
They are just ripping him off because they can. Disgusting!
EV’s don’t help the environment. They create a larger carbon footprint for initial build and no one wants to talk about what they are going to do with all the spent batteries that presently aren’t being recycled. EV’s are a big lie to people who blindly believe they are helping the environment. Do some research and you will be surprised about the truth.
Thank you  very much for this very instructive video from a source I have learned to trust over the years : the youtube motormouth channel.
Why anyone still buys these manufacturers like Hyundai, KIA, Ford GM, Chrysler, BMW is really beyond me.  You just rarely hear these issues with Toyota, Honda, Mazda.
Am I wrong or did the invoice show unit price of 6649.98 and then it went to 56649.98. Did the authors question that?
This is something I find annoying about the EV business, a battery is wrote off (and you pay for a replacment) it goes back to HQ and is assessed, refurbished and resold (when you get a "new" battery it is actually  a refurbised one you get).  A wrote off battery has a lot of value to the company but you get none of that value passed back to you. Win win for someone but not the consumer.
You get what you deserve 😂
Let's save the planet. Take a bunch of rare minerals from all over the planet, make a 60 000$ battery and change it after minor damage...
I will never buy a Hyundai EV if they are so fragile.
Lithium batteries are not the future. Waiting on some new types of batteries to come available, cheaper and more safe than lithium.  Wait and see.
I am not going to buy a Hyundai after this.
Fuel tank on a car cost around 300$ (200x less)...
One more of the numerous reasons to stay far away from EV’s.
Say No to disposable electric cars.
Nobody needs or should buy an electric car
Interesting. Thanks for sharing. I didn't know that. I believe those dealerships are lazy and have incompetent technicians. It makes NO sense for the  battery to cost more than the car.  Mechanics tend to lie about part costs and rip people off in general.  I was charged, by my general AutoShop, over $200 for 20 wheel nuts for my  2018 Nissan Leaf.  They charge what ever they want and there is no regulation on this.
I’ll stick to my ebike.
Buy gas powered until something better comes up like hydrogen
I think the real issue here is, why a replacement battery for an electric vehicle costing more than the price of a new car? It appears to be price gouging, surely the price the manufacturer pays for these batteries is far less than the retail price of the vehicle? Unless of course, there is a loss leader component where the manufacturer intends to make significantly more profit by gouging through servicing and spare parts.
Here's my take on it.   EV's are not safe.   There are so many incidents of these cars catching fire that dealerships don't have the balls to sign off on a potentially ok battery, like in Kyle's case, because if it exp;lodes after that, then it will be a legal clusterf*ck for them.   Yet, they are still willing to sell these timebombs to customers, and they are still making money off of their faulty policies, and they are still putting the responisbility on the consumer.   "It could explode at any time"   That should give any sane person a reason to pause for a moment and reflect.   You mean to tell me I'm about to pay +50k on a new vehicle, but any kind of incident could potentially cause the thing to explode?  Do these people even understand the car ecosystem?  Statistically speaking, just how incredibly frequent are traffic incidents? I mean, it's the norm. Cars will bump, and run over things and dent over time.   Yet they put these things into circulation knowing that they cannot guarantee our safety if the car suffers a fender bender. This is both evil and stupid.  I don't know about you but I'm probably going to drive an ICE car until there's no more oil left to be pumped out of the ground. At least when one of those explodes, they don't create Chernobyl grade chemical fumes as they turn to ash.
If a car is designed with the battery being vulnerable why the hell should it be your problem . These cars will become un insurable . I drive over something metal on the motorway in my Jaguar it broke a wishbone and that was it
The prices are sky high to replace these batteries in the uk as well
A can of worms opened up by this report that bussinesses are only interested in their own end. This clearly shows how providers in the chain of services/products are in cahoots with each other. To be honest, buyers beware is no good enough. Consumer affairs or whatever is called in Canada should thighten up its laws to ensure such behaviours by supply chain to comply with the accepted standards.
This story just doesn’t add up at all. Who the hell writes off a car because the protective battery cover got scratched? If the car still drives fine and there are no errors, then I’d say that the repair place are liars and are ripping him off, and he’s fallen for it, or at least stitched himself up.
According to Hyundai the rest of the car is worth nothing. Sounds pretty typical for a Hyundai . Why can't they rebuild the batteries? They are not just one battery but a number of modules. Sounds like a lazy dealer more interested in making service department dollars than actually helping out the customer.
Things you look for in purchasing a vehicle: reliability, ease of repairs (not waiting 10 months to get replacement parts), and the manufacturer and the dealership standing by their products. Hyundai/Kia have apprently failed with their motors and now their electric vehicles. I'd stay away from anything made from Hyundai/Kia until they proven themselves changed for the better. A 10 year warranty that's voided for no real reason is not a warranty at all.
If Hyundai is trying to kill the EV market, they're knocking it out of the park!
Poorly handled by... Nobody will come near these EVs or brands
I expect dealers to be sleazy, but not the maker. I've heard one too many stories like this about Kia/Hyundai service.
I honestly dont understand people who buy this overpriced ev garbage. You not gonna save neither money or this planet..
Am I insane or is the protective cover over the battery actually meant to take scratches so the battery doesn't? Isn't this exactly how it was supposed to work?
EV=battery powered=loser
Unbelievably pathetic
The manufacture process of battery create more pollution than an ICE vehicle. It is just an illusion that EV save environment
Once you see the bigger picture this is at the start of evs and insurance they'll be uninsurable in the future fire risks ect
This story makes me want to go in my garage and give my 27 year old Honda Accord a huge hug. 145K miles and she still runs like a champ.
Lol you made this idiot decision in the first place. You can't fix stupid the stupidity is 99.9 % effective.
Ya’All Let’s go Electric
This is dumb. First off... is your car your studio? Wtf. Back to the point... there are 100s of videos here on YouTube that caution potential EV buyers about battery replacement necessity rendering the car a write-off. There are probably 1000's but I can't attest to that myself. I know for a fact that Scotty Kilmer alone has 50 videos that speak about it. The lesson to glean from his misfortune is, DON'T BUY EV'S! In fact, pressure your local municipalities to offer better public transportation options (including electric/hydrogen busses/trains).
EV cars are a scam, in term of environment and financial cost. Kyle should sue the company
Only an idiot buys a electronic car
Criminals!
Imagine you don't have insurance. Hyundai wanted to ripoff 60k from you for some scratches. It doesn't matter who pays. Hyundai ripoff 60k. Easy to have a warranty if you void it because its convenient
What an ugly car, I wouldn't give $600 for it with no damage.
More proof, these EV's are going to be Throw Away cars after 5 years, because nobody is going to put that kind of money into a used car.
I’m smart enough not to buy one.
This is going to be a big problem for the little blue ball named Earth.  We're using fossil fuels to charge what will eventually become hazardous waste. Wind and solar with storage is being kneecapped by our own government. Right to repair is struggling to keep alive. No car manufacturer or dealer wants to replace a battery in lieu of a new car  sale.  More cars are not the answer. Bigger and badder SUV's will get this game over with much more quickly. 🤢
He should bought/add the car insurance no fault rider for approx $100 per year.
....and that's why EV's are ridiculous. EV's are good for the environment...yeah right evidently.
This sheds a bad light on 'ALL' Evs
That guy sounds a lot like Mike Huckabee??
Hyundai/KIA has a long long history of not standing behind the warranty on any of their vehicles. I wouldn't own a Hyundai on a bet.
Get an old gas car that's used, get another insurance company,  and just say F- it.
Buying EV to save environment is the biggest scam and government is helping along with that scam.
Start hoarding ICE cars now!
Off-road vehicles come with metal skid plates to protect a $10000.00 motor. Maybe they shouldn’t use plastic that could be bent from a hard piece of snow that protects a $60000.00 battery
I worked at a Hyundai Dealership in the US for a while, they look for any reason to void that warranty and get the customer to pay.  They will screw you over 1000% if given the chance.
EV no go, paper weight used. Hyundai and Kia must have lots of warranty claims they’ll fight engines also.
Thank Tim Apple for setting this anti consumer precedence.    Repairing costs more than buying a new one.
It’s a complete con. The manufacturer maybe gets to sell a new car, the insurer gets to increase premiums AND sell the car to a salvage company, the salvage company sell it on as a viable easy repair, the car is repaired for minimal expenditure and sold for a good retail price. Add all that up!! Winner car industry loser Jo bloggs. Disgusting!!
Interesting how this topic was spun as an EV issue compared what is clearly a Hyundai issue
Will NEVER buy an EV. Biggest scam running.
You buy a electric car ! Not a hybrid!! You either have more money than sense ! Or you’re just plain stupid! You pick.
The Jury is no longer out, EV’s are a very bad idea going bad.   Like, all the new whistles and bells are proving equally bad.  That “Stop/Start” button, it means your engine stops at an intersection, and the engines Alternator charges the BATTERIES, so you will see that the vehicles batteries will begin indicating a “LOW” battery ALERT. Our Dealership being very good, REPLACED the batteries, but not all Vehicle Brands will be as good as out Jaguar Dealership.   Stop/Start on vehicles is a BAD, and will cause extra wear and terms on other parts of the vehicles components.  What about the remote KILL SWITCHES that are expected to be required on 2026 vehicles? Will this be a “Easy Stop and Rob” for criminals?
Well there you have it here's your sign ☢️🛑☢️🛑 stupid is as stupid does lol fools rush in😂
That statement from Hyundai Canada sounds like a BS load of crap. I hope people are flaming Hyundai on X/Twitter, etc. All consumers need to know what they've pulled here.
NO ;  ON EV'S
If I was in this situation I'd keep driving it and ignore every BS story told by Hyundai.  Not that I'd ever own an EV.  Think of how many cars on the road have a scratch on their protection cover and the owners don't even know.
$60,000 is more than every Hyundai ever made. Hyundai are not worth a cent in excellent condition. You get a Hyundai/KIA you deserve everything you get.
4 sixty grand u can get a nice truck  for 30 grand, nice boat for 15 grand nd nice bike for 15 grand.🦧
Can i buy that car? 😎
In the construction world, they call this the FU price. That's not really the price to do the work. It's just a price they give to tell you they don't want to do it. If you pay them enough, they'll do it. $60k is the enough price. That's it plain and simple.
Order the car without the battery and they should owe you money 😂 what a joke!
We are in the first generation of EV batteries from all manufacturers. Given the complexity of EV systems, I think this is a good reminder that first generation of anything is always an experiment - not just from a manufacturing standpoint, but also from the parts and repair standpoint. The whole supply chain just isn't there to deal with the likely problems from first generation problems. I love and want an EV at some point, but as a consumer not flash with lots of money to be throwing at problems, I think its safe to say it makes sense to wait for the second generation of EV's and EV batteries. My guess is the second generation will be solid state, cheaper to replace, and the repair supply chain will be more robust. That's when I'll buy.
If you think people are buying EV's to save money or the earth, you're 100% wrong. They do it for the cool factor to look better than their piers and for performance. You pay up front for the cost of the EV over a gas equivalent. Rather than paying the oil companies or mechanic, you're just paying the dealer up front. Just because there are fewer ongoing costs after the initial purchase does NOT mean you're saving money. On the contrary. If you think recycling an EV battery really means recycling, think again. That thing is definitely not good for the environment. Just b/c we get rid of it from our country, send it to china to burn doesn't mean that we're saving the environment. We may be saving "our" environment, but not "the" environment. Part of the reason why EV's won't get ahead of gas cars is b/c of all this misunderstanding and lack of education of consumers with EV's and videos like this are only promoting the ignorarance.
How dare he make an insurance claim
Never going to buy an EV. And this is the reason why. NEVER!!
I have a 22 year old VW T4. Think it's classed as a hybrid. Can  Move it forward a few meters on the starter motor. Must be a winner
The dealer attempted to screw the customer and got caught out. 60,000 replacement cost, failure to remove the cover and inspect and scrapping a good late model car through insurance certainly gives Hyundai an awful reputation.  On another note a really great report but can you not encroach  on the girls space inside the car?
EV vehicles are not the solution to our transportation needs. Buyers beware. On a smaller scale, remember the 8-track???? The EV revolution is this generations 8-track. Waste of money my friends….
This is shocking but i'm not surprised at all. This story has and will put many off buying an electric car
This is crazy. Hyundai shall of course take off the cover to inspect the battery for damage, if there are any. All EV battery are in a safe enclosed box, that realy can take some beats before the inside cell are damaged.  The plastic cover are only protecting for dirt, like the undercover on a regular fuel car. If the pictures of the cover are after a visit to the dealership, they havnt had the cover off for prober battery inspection.
I got a good ebike for  $999.    A battery rebuild cost me $450 plus  $80  shipping   !!!!
Simple…..never buy an EV…….let them keep keep them!
A big issue is liability. The battery may not have even been damaged in this case but because Hyundai would be terrified to have cars catching on fire they will simply blame and dump the issue, and all liability, onto the customer. Even if they removed the protection plate and found no visible damage to the battery they aren’t going to take the chance on being liable for a potential fire in the future. This is the reason I decided against an EV recently, they are not nearly robust enough  for the area I drive in or for how many miles I drive and they are still way too expensive if/when I’d need to change the battery or resell the vehicle with potential buyers also having that in mind. I ended up buying another new Toyota hybrid and although it’s a fairly boring car it does what I need reliably and cheaply.
10k is too much for a battery! This is insane.
The only person to blame is the idiot who bought the car. 😂😂😂😂
What makes you think that the battery should be replaced to begin with? That's not really a thing. Time to get a new car. That's something consumers need to expect when buying an EV to start with. I own an i3 and each of the 8 cells costs at least $2,300 apiece before installation costs. The car's value is well below that and that was back in 2018. This is nothing new. yet another reason why EV's will not exceed gas car purchases in my lifetime in America at least. The only way EV's will exceed gas vehicle purchases in the USA or even Canada is if population density increases to support it. I don't see that happening in our lifetimes.
You have to be a special kind of stupid to buy an electric car.
To be clear, in Canada, when you get your vehicle stolen or totaled,  even if you're 100% not responsible, your premiums will increase exponentially! Forget shopping around for deals on insurance, you become persona non grata to them. It's insane!  And seeing how car theft is now the norm.... I'm gonna keep my 10yr old Wrangler forever and pray to many Gods it survives.
I’ve had at least a dozen gasoline cars and trucks in my life, have run over all kinds of things and never had any real damage, much less $60,000!  Thinking about staying with the fossil fuel industry. 😂
Lmao. Poor guy but if I needed one more reason why not to get an electric car this is it.
These new cars are just like smartphones: almost unrepairable due to the absurd costs involved.
Are you sure this isn't an accounting error?? Reading the invoice that is shown in the video, the unit price of a battery is $6,667. 1 x 6,667 does not equal 56,667. I think somehow "5" has been added to the totalled column. Has this aspect been investigated??? By anyone? Customer, Zack and Andrea? Dealer, Hyundai? ICBC? Can any one shine a light on the invoice discrepancy? Is there an accountant in the mix??
I'm confused with the pricing shown.  Prices shown are  "List" at $6649.98, "Net" at $6649.98, and then "Amount" at $56,649.98?  Where did that $50,000 difference come from?
Oh ya lemon law
Hyundai and $55,000 in the same sentance is insane.  These are disposable cars.
This kid got suckered big time !
Ev one word junk
We are rooting for you Kyle.
How are they jacking up his insurance rates?!  It was an object struck in the roadway.  Seems they are saying it was his fault and that it was a preventable accident....  Bull. Schittola.   Get. A. LOY. YAH.
Welcome to Canada where no one cares about you ,  From all the cars out there why would you buy a kia/Hyundai  Just buy a Toyota or a Honda done .
Ok. Price new battery at 60.000$. But in that case, there is value in the old battery, replaced parts do not have 0 value, even if they are srap metal. But still, having 60.000$ for a battery is insane price. But some hybrids have over 10.000$ for 1.2kWh battery...
He needs to get in touch with Electrified Garage. Even though they are only in the USA but they can look at a battery cell by cell to find damage and just replace that cell.
The protection cover sounds worthless if it is scratched the dealer is able to void the factory warranty.      Maybe the protection cover needs a protection cover.    Scratched EV off my list.
If anyone thinks there saving the environment buying these cars your wrong!! First of all it takes fuels to build even the batteries, then it takes fuels to power there power stations and eventually you’ll have to have maintenance to be done on the vehicle, even replacing the battery which could end up in a fill which could contaminate the ground and ground water!! Imagine driving down the road and you have an electrical fire if you can’t get out fast enough you’ll be cremated!! Want to save the planet go back to the horse 🐎 and buggy!!!
Ya. Not buying a Hyundai now. I hate entities that do not stand behind their products. And then pull bs crap like this.
If you want reliable  EV, buy Honda or Toyota
Why would you buy these EV pieces of junk. That's right "we're saving the planet"?
So,  what you're saying is,  don't buy an EV?
This is an elephant in the room, how much will insurance be once all cars are electric. In the UK EV insurance is already rising.
This is why EVs will never be the predominant vehicle on the road. Most people are buying used vehicles and want reliability. If it’s not battery degradation, it will be accidents/ damage to the battery that make these vehicles worthless
Yea I have been hearing similar stories like this for all over. Yea and all of you that think that your saving the planet keep on drinking that koolaid. What do think happens to the old battery even if you have the tens of thousands of dollars to pay for it? Do some research before buying any vehicle, but especially EVs. And lets not talk about the EV fires.
Lol 😂 after seeing Kayle they should of charged 120k for that battery 🔋 lol 😅
Get a second opinion.   This "gap" claim sounds like a COMPLETE SCAM.  "Impacted" --- Um, ya - the cover was impacted.... but was the battery? "Well, we don't know....."  --- Ah, so --- I need to cough up $60K because ---- "you don't know."  Take a long jump off a short pier. Does the car run fine?  Great!  DRIVE IT!
I had decided never to buy nor own an electronic vehicle.
Where did the extra $50,000 come from? I think some one messed up the price, It shows the list price of the battery as $6649.98.
EV doesn't cost less than an Hybrid or an ICE car. What you save on fuel, you pay in insurance cost. Until Solid State battery are available, I would not buy a Lithium battery EV. If you add what is happening at BYD with battery exploding, then I would say think twice.
I told people ten years ago stay away from EVs in China they are giving them away
buy a new car and take the battery from that
Man has an accident and runs over something in the road he claims of his insurance then complains his insurance is going to go up ?  A warranty is for manufacturing defects not accidental damage.
I was considering purchasing an EV; this definitely has put the brakes on for me!
This  is  the  kind  of car  insanity  the  WOKE  politicians  are  trying  to  sell to  America.
Some older EV cars also facing big bills when the charging circuit and/or the inverter go faulty.
You need to appeal the decision of the dealer, then contact the manufacturer, then contact your insurer, then served, then sue, then make your claim to your insurer if nothing  can't be done. As stupid as it sounds, you need to avoid dealing with your insurer as long as you can.
I just found this part for a price of 32K US. That’s 42K Canadian. Where is the extra 20 K coming from?
This is the right punishment for trusting such a maker for s 55k EV. Since the dawn of time, money flows from the pockets of the stupid the the pockets of the conmen. 10 years warranty from the honest Aziz: congratulation! Next time, buy a very decent 50k petrol car, save the planet from cobalt and your pockets from ripoffs. Just saying.
What's the saying.  ONLY FOOLS RUSH IN.  🇬🇧
That's them shooting themselves in the foot. Wondering why ev prices are plummeting ?
Some African kid who worked all day for the bowl of broth or rice to extract those minerals  is chuckling right now. Now to dispose of the battery and do it again.
the price is more but the true cost is less, otherwise buy another car and get the battery from that
Forget the goofy outfit just keep driving it…
When you consider governments wants to force the adoption of EV's and the extinction of conventual fuel powered vehicles, outrageous battery expense, will put people on foot, which could be another motive.
I was interested in Hyundai’s new EVs, but not anymore
One would have thought that if such a small scratch could write off an entire battery system that sensors would be installed in the car and would light the dashboard up like a Christmas tree if severe damage was encountered by the battery. Why is such a system not part of all EVs? Also, if a replacement battery is dearer than the entire cost of the car does that mean Hyundai loses massive amounts of money on each car, or are they simply ripping their customers off on replacement batteries?
That's crazy prices for a battery? I know a couple who bought a brand new house ( 1.5yrs ago ) and five months later, she bought an EV. Four months later, the damn car caught fire while parked in the garage one night and burned half of their house to the ground and the next door neighbors suffered heat damage to their brand new house. I'll will stick with the internal combustion for many years to come...
I would question the shop, saying it’s now going to catch fire and explode. That sounds like the typical excuse mechanics use for you to pay for something you really don’t need. I bet you probably could of driven that car for another 5 years at least, without it suddenly exploding 😅
Good info.  Thanks for sharing.
I like EV’s but this is proof that owning one not cost effective. This is why I would never buy an EV.
This only proves one point. The only company, right now, making profit off selling EV's is ....T
Waoo you Guys really Safe me a lot of money, thanks thanks,😊
I stay with ICEs and with Hybrids (Prius etc.) as long as it possible. Full hybrids with big batteries, are toys for wealthy people.😮
The price of one component should never be able to be priced so high. It doesn’t cost that much, but they don’t want to sell you a battery. They want to sell you a new car. They want to put every battery they can get into a new car. Any battery used for repairs are a car they didn’t sell.
How is this different from hitting a deer .. and asking Hyundai to replace the front of car ...   Imo .. it's the drivers fault or just an accident
the problem is either shops dont want to replace the battery out of fear of causing a fire so they give a ridiculous quote you go somewhere else.  or they're political morons who are against EV's and do it out of spite. this forces your insurance to say its totaled. which means one less EV on the road.
Never buy an Electric car period! If You Live by Government advice you Get Screwed! Wake up Folks that battery vehicle are A Nightmare
So why does he think he needs a new battery?
You keep mispronouncing Stealership! Is that a Canadian thing? 🙂 Just saying buy cars directly from the manufacturers
Imagine, when the EV,s take the Whole market.
Hyundai and Kia are both crap and everyone knows it.
Why don't you people wait for noi ec6
We all should avoid buying an  electric car .
Makes me want to stay away from buying an EV car, especially from Hyundai..
Hounday Canada simply has no responsibility for what their dealerships do. Really?!? 😂
any impact to the battery voids the warranty? That...doesn't even make sense, so If you own a Hyundai EV just the slight bump on road way accidents voids your battery warranty?? BCs consumer protection is so shit when it comes to cars, or really...anything. I love how the dealership can get away with a guess instead of a fact. If you cannot run tests to prove it, you should be not able to sell such cars.
Looks like a typo to me
Nice video, guys. I got a real  spicy one here from Nz for you. Insurance even paid out.  2023 Nissan Nivara Brakes Fail on Gravel. No access to national dealer.  The ABS system fails, it locks the foot pedal at full extension, and the vehicle gains speed with absolutely no braking option available.  This took the vehicle through a gate at the end of the driveway, over the boulders at the end of the driveway, and destroyed/wrote off the entire undercarriage.  We have videos and documented it.  The local dealer refused to acknowledge it. They tested it and said there were no faults. It went in twice back to the local official dealer. Nothing. So, I did go to the national dealer. It turns out there is no head office available for the civilians in New Zealand to contact. None, they won't respond to complaint emails or respond to phone messages. I'm pretty tenacious, so I did some companies registration search and found access to a shareholder of the national company. Everything I provided them was ignored.  So I went through our insurance the AANz insurance company Nz and took the brand new broken Nissan Navara to them, I proved to the AA insurance that we the drivers were not at fault and we recieved a full insurance payment back for the full price of the vehicle off the yard.  The abs systems in the New Nissan are faulty, so much so that when the issue happens, the driver has no ability to brake, slow, or stop this ute. I bent the steering wheel standing on the brake pedal, trying to stop my brand new 2023 ute, smashing through a gate and over rocks. That was the first time, the second time was in reverse on slick grass, the abs allows the wheels to turn to freely and the vehicle didn't slow down at all until stopping in a mesh sheep fence.  4wd, down hill assist, 4wll. All fail.  I realized then that there was a repeatable fault so I ran tests and proved it repeatedly, it's documented.  The insurance assessor confirmed it was a problem then they tried to say it was common expected use therefore not a manufacturer faulty product.  Because the product functioned how they knew it does. Meaning, Nissan New Zealand knows their brakes are faulty and they are covering it up.  We got paid out. No penalties, no excess, no deductions, someone told AA new zealand to shut up and pay the money.  I have every document, debate and argument.  Video, evidence Everything.   I'm concerned people have already died from this faulting issue and have driven straight off the side of mountains, and there are no fault indicators in the cars logs. It only shows brakes applied. It doesn't show that the inertia of the vehicle traveling down a gravel road is greater than the allowed tolerance in the abs threshold.   When the wheel looses traction under braking the AVS engages the slip or release of the calipers and the wheel regains a moment of rotation for traction. That's abs. Well this model opens and closes the calipers so fast it fails to slow the motion down and due to the down hill inertia the vehicle gains speed as it continues its downward roll all the while locking the driver out of the brake option middle pedal of a manual drive. Stuck out, like a stick on viagra, no give in that bad boy what so ever therefore no way to force the wheels to stop turning, at that point you are not in control of the vehicle and at no fault of the driver. 🎉
id have just run the car and keep it till   its knacked then scrap it
Nowadays you could literally buy 5 cars for the price of parts it would take to fix one..?🤬
It’s a new field of maintenance, these grease monkeys don’t want to touch wires.
Well that’s the cost of pretending to save the environment and being pretentious as hell about it!
Sounds like a good buy at an insurance purchase auction.
The steep price of an electric vehicle plus the cost of battery replacement is what turns me away from buying an electric vehicle.  The cost of a new battery is more than the vehicle itself and that's insane.  Personally, I will never own an electric vehicle.  They're too expensive, there's not enough range per charge for longer trips, the technology isn't there yet to make it cost effective and the infrastructure isn't there yet.  I'll stick with a gas powered vehicle until the price of hybrids and electric cars come down considerably.
EV CARS ARE CRAP FULL STOP IN EVERY WAY NIGHTMARE  IF YOU MAKE LONG JOURNEYS PLUS THEY DEPRECIATE QUICKER THAN A MONGOOSE !GATE13SW6CREW CFC  uk
Can someone explain the invoice it says list is $6649.98 and then totals out to 56,649... What am I missing?
EVs are marketed as being 'good for the environment', they're not. Toxic rare earth elements, the manufacturing process, longevity and the fact that most of the grids power comes from LNG and coal. If you really wanted to be "environmental", buy a second-hand ICE car
Another reason NOT to buy an EV!
so the battery cost 60 grand , and the car minus battery  costs  - 1000 bucks..?
This entire EV Netzero nonsense has given me multiple headaches just thinking about it.  I have a 31 year old 1992 Toyota which still runs very well and sports nearly 600,000 miles.  I had been seriously considering replacing it with an EV but given all of the negatives currently AND the negatives (insurance surcharges, charging taxes (New Zealand, Australia and soon U.S.) non existent reasonable re-charging stations, and HUGE safety concerns with these unperfected lithium-ion batteries exploding at random and igniting massive and very difficult to control and extinguish infernos......well, let's just say the EV option is currently off the drawing boards.  Instead of moving forward with a purchase, my research has resulted in 1) Issuing rules to my children that they are NEVER to enter an EV including any public conveyance ...school buses included, 2)They are not permitted to be within 100 feet of an EV that is connected to a charging device and 3) I've decided to keep my Toyota and invest heavily in it to bring it back to new....that cost will be much less than even a brand new EV and give me another 20 - 30 years (hopefully) of excellent service.  It is totally obvious to me that these EV pipedreams are not nearly ready for prime time.  NOT EVEN CLOSE.
I would have personally spent 10 minutes to pull the cover and check the battery. Seems like common sence to me. I dont even fault the dealership. Fella could have saved himself alot of frustration.
I have no sympathy for idiots who buy electric cars, who took the vaccine, who supported BLM or Ukraine.
I’m sure the car is fine. The dealership probably wanted it
This whole EV solution is not going to work. Said it from the start.
Seems like the cost of the battery, part # GI351, is listed at @ $6649.98. and invoice lists labor at $1599.50. If the labor amount is the same from BIN-LIST-NET-AMOUNT columns, then why is the cost of the part not the same as well? What multiplier do they use to make the part's cost jump from $6600 to $56000?
Hyundai, between their oil chugging ICE engines and glass battery packs, are screwing literal millions of customers and the environment. They are in the business of making paperweights.
The world has gone mad.  I can’t believe people are still even considering an EV.  So my advice is if you’re considering buying an EV , workout out the depreciation/higher insurance/if you’re being scammed by the government/range anxiety/the fact that their manufacturing carbon footprint is higher than ICE/ the fact that you could be contributing to a restriction of movement plan/the fact your movement can be tracked if you use public chargers/ random pricing of public chargers/unreliability of public chargers,then when you’ve considered all that , buy an internal combustion engine car. If you still buy an EV, then you deserve everything you get.
Nobody wants to take on the liability.  In the event of a post inspection catastrophic thermal runaway they would get sued or if someone is injured or dies even worse.
Simple solution: NEVER buy an electric car.
My daughter bought a new Hyundai a few years ago.  It started using oil.  She had to put in a quart every week.  They did have an extended warrantee but would not replace the engine.  She had an accident and was able to replace the car with a different brand.  Will never buy a Hyundai again,
It's ok Kyle...you wanted to be  " progressive". Now pay your thoughtful ambition.... Give it to Trudeau, he likes toys...
Avoid this problem by not buying EV.
Just another reason never to buy Hyundai or anything electric.
Go back to gas😁
Here's a very good reason not to buy a Korean piece of $hit. Insurance companies, Banks, and Landlords have destroyed this country. But regardless, where is the proof that the battery now has damage?
Another story showing how EV is still new to some manufacturers.  Dealer doing their part, but it's not helping the customer.  Batt. replacement is so $$, and if not covered by warranty, obviously insurer couldn't care less and ultimately it is back to the consumer to pay.  Good luck trying to push ahead EV's.  Guess we need to take transit/bike/walk, if government restricts new ICE vehicles sale?
Thanks Kyle ,you should get a second hand Porsche Cayman 987 ,
Not sure how the insurance company is labeling this, but in America this would have been considered an 'Act of God" (insurance term) and it both would have been covered and he would have just had to pay a deductible with no affect on his rates. I had this happen to me where my BMW ran over unavoidable debris on the highway costing thousands in repairs.
I know that this is an issue with multiple EVs from different manufacturers, but honestly, after what Hyundai/KIA did in the states with their easily stealable cars, car bursting into flames, plus this issue, these two (+ Genesis too) are companies that I will forever avoid. Especially the theft portion; my mother's KIA got stolen, so fuck all of these companies.
These are the kind of situations that will kill the EV market.
Please make more videos like this so people stop buying EVs
yep my minds made up after this story, petrol all the way🤘🤘
Am ok with my gasoline toyota camry 2016.
Looking at the invoice the list and net price of the battery is $6,649.98 which sounds about right. Somehow in the amount column $50,000 got added to the battery price which I do not understand.
This is why the dealership model needs to be dismantled. They claim the dealership is there to support the customer, but this is horse crap. Just a money grabbing middle man.
It's not worth, the small savings you'd  save in using electricity compared to the overall dollar amount for a battery replacement.  I'll stick to my gas vehicle.
Remember 60k buys a hell of a lot of gas. EV cost more to produce, more to recycle and it doesn’t impact the environment or saves the environment whatsoever and science has proven that. Car makers have steered away from EV. Toyota, Honda just to name a few.
The value of lithium has crashed nearly 80% this year alone. That battery today is worth closer to $15k if not lower. Canada getting swindled as usual. Vote out the corruption up there y'all!
How the hell is a replacement battery this expensive??? That doesn‘t make any sense whatsoever. Absolutely crazy how Hyundai is screwing over their customers…..
I have four electric cycles and numerous other battery powered lawn and garden devices. Stories like this prevent me from buying a BEV. A plug-in hybrid remains a consideration.
Just buy another car its cheaper 😂😂😂
People keep over thinking this.  By a Tesla
What a truckload of bull! So the battery is more then the whole vehicle so they should be loosing money, unless they are selling batteries at a huge profit. They seem to me like a bunch of thieves. They should be sued for a 6 figure amount!😂
Ev sheep deserve everything they get 🐑🤡🐑🤡🐑🤡
This makes no sense and is missing a ton of required information... Like what the actual problem is... Is the car dead? or is it just a scratch? If the car's battery "is fine" as the owner claimed... the only issue I see is a lil scrape on the bottom, who is forcing an insurance claim over this? This story just doesn't add up....
Insurance is different in every province. The Bodyshop/ Insurance alliance doesn’t have the customers best interests in mind- they feed off each other.  Surprised the Hyundai cult isn’t on here screaming Hyundai’s innocence.
what's the process for tesla..?
So he thought he'd avoided whatever was in the road. But thought he better get his car checked out at the dealership after this non-event? Come on man, just admit you hit something. It doesn't make the rest of the story any less awful.
I’m very sorry this happened to this car owner. Good to know that I shouldn’t buy a Hyundai and check battery replacement prices before buying an EV.
And the invoice says the battery is 6600.00 dollars not 60,000
Simple moral to this story:  buy a Tesla.
I been saying this about home solar too. It ain't worth it. 20 years (if you're lucky) you'll have to cough up 25 grand to replace the battery packs.  Renewable energy is a SCAM and the world cannot run on batteries. It's political retardation.
The sheep are buying their way into poverty, hardship, and disempowerment with EV's.
This is a scam by the manufacturer, the dealer and the insurance company. A damaged cover does not mean the battery has something wrong with it, it means the body shop is also trying to rip off the insurance company. Literally watched to 3:15 to figure that out. Shady people praying on the customer.
I'm not sure I buy this story, if batteries really cost that much, Tesla would be out of business.  I've heard Tesla batteries go for around $10,000, how in the world could this one be so much?
You cannot fix stupid....... EVs are a stupid buy. The depreciation, repair costs, and they are an environmental disaster to make and dispose of. I do not feel sorry for people that make such a bad choice.
Man if only a whole bunch of people had been trying to tell people the E-cars are a bad isea. That the battery's are too expensive. Naw if that had happened we would have been insulted and looked down upon. The current iteration of E-cars are dangerous aswell as expensive. If you think you are saving the earth, please look online and read about lithium mining extraction. Hell do you realize how many children are enslaved and forced to work in these mines? Who care right? You can brah about how eco-friendly you are.
hyundai totally screwed this customer.
Keep drinking the Kool Aid on battery powered cars, lol!  SUCKERS!!
I have a 2019 Tesla Model X and recently the battery failed at the 4.25 year mark. It was fortunately still under warranty but I was told that if I had had to pay for it the total cost for the battery would be $20,000. So how is a Hyundai battery worth $60,000?
Hopefully, Kyle didn't buy another Hyundai with his insurance settlement.😂
Buy a $25000 gas sonata and have $35000 for gas.
It's a game & y'all are playing in it.
electric junk
LMAO, nothing but junk cars Kia, Hyundai
Did Joe Biden crime family stole a bunch of tax money and gave it to Rich White people buying Evies EV’
Good advice is buy a Tesla!    All other EV cars are second rate or worse!
I’ve had Hyundais and Kias, their customer support is terrible.   As for the dealers, first mistake is thinking they’re out to help anyone.   Sadly, if one wants a headache free experience, you go and buy Japanese.
looking at some comments below, can't stop laughing.  Is this the reason why never EV?  OK, using same logic, some smart phone battery exploded and catches fire,  should that person go back and use land line?  In this case, the dealership is a fraud.  I have been using EV almost 5 years + home charging, zero issue.  Not saying every EV is issue free, google EV issues online, you get the % of EVs that have issues.
The truth here is that company is uninterested in finding a solution as long as PR damage is less costly than their profit. It sounds so childish, that Hyundai is unable to somehow buy the car back from the insurance company to make an expertise if the battery was really damaged. It is a convenient explanation. Dealers fault, we didn't now anything, but now it to late, here your coupon for next purchase.
Bravo - the very best in clickbait titles. Even if the battery was a write off - and it isn’t - a new pack from Hyundai is not more than the price of the whole vehicle from Hyundai.  It’s called a “go away” quote. I don’t want the work, I have to provide a quote, I’ll put an absurd number on the table so you go away
Same unacceptable high off warranty battery replacement cost on the  Kia EV 6   Long range  over $50,000 US ! huge dealbreaker. Hope everybody lets these concerns be known to people that can make changes at both Hyundai and Kia and my suggestion go with Tesla although all these batteries are costly, not nearly as much I was told about 16,000 US for a model Y long range battery replacement off warranty and not including labor
There's no way that small scratch would damage the battery. I would just continue driving the car as is.  Hyundai and ICBC just scammed that kid out of his car.  Based on this, when you buy a new Ioniq5, you are only paying for the battery, everything else is worthless, which is nonsense.
This is appalling by the dealership and Hyundai. On many levels. The message is clear do NOT by a Hyundai EV.
there is nothing "green" about green tech.
Thanks for your report. I would not buy an EV knowing the problems associated with the batteries & cost replacement. Where do "they" dispose the used batteries and is there a long term contamination problem for the environment? The cost of EV's is hard to equate to the benefit to the climate and the personal expense of the owner.
CO2 is not a pollutant and it does not act as the climate thermostat. Stop playing into the lies used to seize control of the energy industry and thus, our lives.
I’ll rather buy a rock than to invest in Hyundai or Kia 🤮
Firstly, only the protective cover of the battery was damaged, and no effort was made to check if the actual battery was damaged, and in all likelihood it was not. Secondly, how can a battery replacement cost more than a complete new car ??? I am so glad that I am still driving a diesel-driven car which cost €2600 : high costs for the car and high insurance costs and insane insurance claims are no issue for me..👍🚗💨 Diesel forever !!!
I can understand that some work might be so complicated that the cost increases beyond the price of the car. But it also mean that the car is grosely faulty from an engineering standpoint.
This is crazy and it doesnt seem to be an isolated incident with Hyundai. There was a similar case just recently. Honestly, it seems like Tesla is the only EV car I should get which is sad cause I really like the Ionic cars.
That price is crazy, how can it possibly be that much? I drive a Tesla Model S Performance with a 100kWh battery pack and that is only 22,000 CAD.
So if you’re looking for a used BEV, check the protective plate.  If you see any scratches, walk away.
Likely nothing wrong with that battery. There's a lot of misinformation and ignorance around EVs these days, especially with manufacturers making increasingly less repairable cars. A vehicle should be made of smaller repairable modules not monolithic write-off components.
I see no where in this video where they say the dealership made a mistake. Because that's what it looks like, look close at the invoice, someone put in an extra 5, so instead of the $6,649.98 they put $56,649.98, which brought the total to $61k the math is all wrong because of that one mistake. No where in the invoice does it say anything about an extra price to make it that high. How did we go from the battery being $6,649.98 to $56k? If the math was done right with the knowledge we know.  It should have been $8,249.48 for the parts section, taxes are taxes, that brings the total to $11,161.95 which is an insane amount still.
To put these occasional horror stories in perspective, 14,000,000 EVs were sold in 2023. 20% of all cars. The chances of a "Gas" car catching fire is 20x greater. The depreciation on equivalent price gas cars, like a $60,000 BMW is about the same after 4 years. It's just that EVERY EV issue makes front page news NONE of the gas car issues do.
If the owner of the dealership doesn’t simply give this man a new car for this misjudgment, they are idiots and I would fire the service manager as well. Thanks for this video ,,,peace on earth and ocean
What a nightmare. EVs seems to be threatened as phones… I guess I will stick with gas car for a while
Honestly, this scares me to move to an electric car.  I'll keep buying ICE as long as I possibly can.
Convert it to diesel.
You would think they would have at least removed the cover to see if there was actual damage to the battery. Something smells about the price of that battery. 20 grand for a Tesla battery so it sounds like the stealership is charging 100% markup.
Sure seems like we're being steered toward highly expensive yet readily disposable vehicles, with revenue-generating subscriptions to keep all the bells & whistles active.  Government bonus points for the ability to remotely control or shut off movement of said vehicles.  I want nothing to do with EV's in their current state and am not happy with limited life turbos and hybrids on everything either.
I'm not buying into "lowering their emissions."  That's totally false.  All you are doing is changing the location where the emissions occur.   The emissions from manufacturing alone mean you have to drive the car over 100,000 miles or 160,000 kilometers before the vehicle is "carbon neutral."   If the electricity generation is coal or natural gas - the vehicle is NEVER "lowering emissions."
Why people would buy a Hyundai or Kia at all is beyond me, I try to avoid all Korean meat products! After invest over 18k into a brand I loved and having all the appliances fail, literally, the entire house of appliances and TVs all failed a few months out of warranty. I’ll never buy another Korean made product
This is an issue with many EVs. Batteries (or as you call them "baderies") need better protection in the cars as it's very easy to accidentally damage them.
The hole is a knockout plug designed to be dropped if the battery cover is pressed in more than a few inches.  Think of it like a drop sensor or moisture sensor inside electronics.  This shows something struck the underside.  The problem is manufacturers have no studies on battery damage and repair and because of the fire potential they deem batteries to be unrepairable if they exerience any incident.  The issue then isn't the cost of batteries but the inability to even inspect a battery to see if there is any damage.
So skip EVs for now and stick with gas? Or is it a problem with certain Korean brands warranty departments? Samsung is another Korean brand that is also full of s*it when it comes to warranty.  I had a hard hard hard time with Samsung when one of their washing machines broke.  Come to find out, multiple users across the world have had the same problem where a concrete support for the drum broke in shipment, and as such the machine was insanely loud during the spin cycle, and in fact dangerous to use.  I don’t want to sound racist but I’m noticing a pattern here with some Korean brands……………Do they treat their own citizens the same as North Americans?
Don’t buy electric cars! Break the agenda!
The Bronx boy is coming out of me...why not have someone buy a battery cover, install it and if you encounter a battery problem than report it to the dealer.
Wow, eye opening realization. If something as simple as that minor underbody damage totals the car, then those EVs just shouldn't be on the road. Had a hybrid once and even that was a pain with it's much smaller less expensive battery replacement, but at least a simple minor ding to the underbody couldn't get to its battery pack. I wouldn't ever consider a EV that can't reasonably protect its battery pack. You'd think the gov transportation department wouldn't even allow them on the road if they're that vulnerable.
So when the battery is at end of life in say 8-10 years, the whole car is scrapped and replaced with another new one. An IC car can last indefinitely, a much more environmentally friendly option.
Tesla has 8 year battery warranty or 160km,  min 70% battery retention, and can be extended!
"Why wasn't the protection cover taken off for an inspection of the actual battery?" Probably because the dealership technicians are terrified of the possibility of the battery blowing up in their faces or electrocuting them with 400 volts.
again.... kia/Hyundai cars are junk when it comes to dependability reliability and customer service
Buy Electric Car Complain when cost of battery is as much as the car  There is a reason people make fun of electric car owners.
Best not to buy that brand again.
I could quite easily see a lot of car companies going bust over the next few years - if they move a lot of their vehicles over to fully electric powered. The battery tech is at LEAST 5 YEARS away from where it needs to be for electric cars to make any financial sense and yet STILL gullible people are fooling for this terrible 'money trap'.  The mind boggles at how people get fooled into thinking they are buying into that "it's the future" crap - it's clearly not - at least not yet, or any time soon.
Its the same with nearly all these electric vehicles and it wont work for the buyer. Period. And if you think that these companies think of making a product and saving the nature you are sadly WRONG, WRONG, WRONG when they dont care and the only thing in their mind are the ... MONEY. We already know that a electric car pollute more than three petrol cars in production. STOP buying these electric cars.
What Kyle needs to do is not be a virtue signaler. These electric cars are stupid fire boxes, no one should buy them!
Did any one else notice that the unit cost was on the invoice was actually $6700?  and people that say "I'll save fuel" I think is idiotic reason... to buy a $60,000 car when a $25-35K eco or hybrid car and fuel for 10-15 years is around $7500... so you'll overspend on a car by $15-20K to save up to $7500 on fuel?
Y’all a bunch of clowns and sheeps. EVs has a bigger carbon footprint than combustion engines. 50x more. Facts > Feelings
Just don't buy EVs. Just like everyone everywhere, the manufacturers, the dealers, and the insurance will fuck you as soon as they have a chance. It will take a long time for the EV market and infrastructure to stop being hostile to users (though when it comes to privacy and actually owning the car you bought - this part may never happen).
BS!!!  fake news!!
Buy car a car if you need a car, not a kitschy appliance.
Is it just me or did someone simply fat-finger a 5 in front of the 6649.98 retail price and no one is reading the details?
Havent watched the video yet. Just started it, but wanted to comment that the ad was for the Cadillac EV...😅
The only reason to get an EV is for the performance (0-60).  There's no advantage as far as environmental aspects (even the short timeline of current history is showing this).  The risk is very high for fires and plain total loss!  It would be reckless for any state or federal government to mandate that this technology be forced onto consumers.  It is not ready at ALL.  There's not enough charging stations too.  It takes too long to charge.  We're probably 60 years away from a proper solution to EV tech for the masses.
So you maybe hit something that does no or little damage, and you replace the “ENGINE”?!?  ICE ICE BABY!!!
Odd. The driver thought he didn't hit anything, but decided to get the car checked. You hit bumps and things every time you go out in a car and do not get the car checked. You notice those bumps. He knew he hit something.
The reason electric vehicle batteries are expensive is because the dealerships or body shop that sell them, sell them expensively, not Hyundai or Kia Motors. Hyundai and Kia parts are not that expensive and they do not sell them at a high price.
So this is our sustainable and environment friendly future. Great. Awsome. I think the lower classes will have a great time with over ten year old evs.
If the Fair market value battery pack is ~$26K (Canada) seems like the dealership is intent on killing EV with a hellacious mark up and an unwillingness to confirm the pack was actually damaged. Also, if the pack was damaged because the protection cover didn't do its job, isn't this on Hyundai? The owner should lawyer up against the dealer and Hyundai of Canada.
What does list and NET mean on the invoice? Is the actual cost of the battery really $6649.98 and they are making $50,000 on the repair?
That's why used ev sit unsold.
Total overkill by the dealer , total gouge on the price of the battery by the dealer and this will blow up in their face because no one will want to buy this vehicle ever when something like this happens they don’t realize they just lost their whole market all the other car manufacturers and sales of Ev will use this to their advantage. If I owned this exact vehicle I would be so pissed because they just devalued my $60,000 EV for resale purposes . There is no pill for dumb if I sold this EV to make a living I would simply leave the dealer and work for Toyota or anyone else
This is a detailed video of just one individuals issue. It could have been summed up quickly, but the long form is appreciated.
It was physically uncomfortable to watch.  IT'S JUST SCRATCHES ON THE COVER!!!! sorry but a body shop can fix it ffs
I didn't need another reason to not ever own an electric, but here it is.
Nice projection of this case onto the entire EV industry. Just another EV hit piece.
Another affordable Solution by the lefties
All EV manufacturers, even Tesla will void your battery warranty if the damage is due to neglect or abuse.  Tesla claims a battery replacement will cost between $5k and $20k U.S. but I’m assuming that’s for a refurbished unit.  For the most part you should assume a battery will make up about half the value of your EV so probably best not to go off roading in one until the technology improves and the costs come down.  I for one will be hanging on to my Honda Civic for a few more years.  Never had a repair bill ever, just basic maintenance. 😊
EV scam.  You bought a cult not a vehicle.
There is an issue here. Unlike most mechanical parts, including fuel tanks, there is no good way to tell if a lithium battery is damaged inside. It could catch fire a week or months later after an accident (this has happened multiple times). And of course those fires can be very dangerous. So, crazy as it seems, the 'official' fix for a possibly damaged battery is replacement. The liability risk (as well as safety risk) is enormous if they decide not to replace the battery--there is no room to make a judgement call. Customers need some protection, whether from the manufacturer, or the insurance companies to cover cases like this without jacking up the driver's insurance.
EV are a scam just ask Tesla batteries and motors repair.I will never buy one. Rip Off.Customer are not buying them.
I think , I will not get a EV anytime soon
It's a scam. So much for buying a EV.
it's these reasons that people are going to think twice about going EV. i least this situation makes me think more than twice....
Hyundai will say anything to not warranty their vehicles. That you are judging the entire EV market by this situation is not serving your viewers.
Very good, informative, well done video!
This sucks. I was looking into getting an EV....
so why is it 3 times the cost of replacing a Tesla battery pack (upper limit 5k-20k for out-of-warranty)?
*We have a Hyundai and I wouldn't recommend people buying it especially EV. It'll be your biggest mistake. And that dealership is a holdup and scammer*
Looks like another competitor is toast, Tesla wins again, why would you buy anything else?
EVs are an environmental disaster. The strip mining of metals/minerals, leeching of materials into ground upon disposal, the added weight of EVs damaging roads, the trillion dollars to upgrade the electrical grid...not to mention the unreliability of EVs in cold weather, the hours waiting for the batteries to charge, the inability to acurately gauge how many miles a charge will provide, the explosive potential fires that burn for a day. Just producing an EV battery has a carbon footprint of thousands of miles of driving.
Guud job guud luck ev cars.
Part of the plan there will be no older out of warranty cars anyone can risk buying. they could even electronically program failure at X years only main dealerships will be able to do business.
Tesla model y in $40k and reliable
Just boycott Hyundai and don’t by Ev’s👊🏻
So electric car owners always have to worry that if they run over a piece of junk on the road and it hits the battery cover they might be stuck with a big bill? Sheesh.
Hard pass on Hyundai or electric cars
Never buy an EV. It's a scam
A few years from now, EVs will be clogging the landfills.  And how does that save the planet ?
Electric cars are the biggest scam ever created.
Like buying a $25 colour printer. The cartridges cost $20
Anyone buying an EV is buying into a technology that governments, manufacturers, insurance and energy companies are manipulating.  Way too many ways to put the screws to we the consumers.  All in the name of politics and climate.  Same as they did with their COVID manipulation.  The dummies that swallowed and complied to the COVID BS are the same consumers for the EV scam.
I drive my BMW e81, which I bought for 5600€ and have driven 50,000 in 1.5 years. I will not put money in the mouths of these cancer capitalist billionaires until I feel they are not ripping me off!!!!
Its obvious the cost of manufacturing batteries has not reached a cost efficient threshold. Until these issues have been resolved i don't see the benefit of purchasing electric vehicles.
They would sell a new tire instead of plugging it. Look at the car yourself and just drive it.
he should do a LSX swap 🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣
I think Hyundai should just cut out the dealerships entirely and just sell directly from the junkyard. :) That's only one pickup and drop-off address to remember.
That’s exactly why I have zero interest in EVs. What a waste and negative environmental impact! There is a reason why I love my 20 year old 4Runner!
Thank you for saving the world from fossil fuel. I hope you enjoy your new battery that was excavated from Chinese slave labor.
All lies!!! EVs are cheaper, better for the environment, and can drive 7 million miles between 5 minute charges!   Will people ever use their gray matter again and stop this “green” nonsense?!
Sue em
Dealership is trying to make money off of an ignorant customer. This is why you don’t get work done at a dealer unless you have to.
Electric cars are a big con from environmentalists!
Bottom line, EV are a scam and are in no way worth the pain to get one. I have seen this countless times here in the US as well.
It's a scam, no diagnosis was made.
Definitely lawsuit as completely unacceptable. This is dealerships trying to make an easy buck! There are laws on repairability of manufactured goods. This surely applies to EV battery packs. This approach would then mean that if an EV battery cannot be repaired and a full new pack is needed, then EV’s aren’t that sustainable in the end? Thanks for voicing this. Really important that legislation is drafted and passed to protect consumers !
The long term fact is that EVs as they age will most likely become worthless due to extreme cost of battery replacement. Minor accidents like this will cause Totaled Vehicle claims to rise as well as insurance rates. Recent published reports that EV batteries have a useful life of about 10 years on average. Replacement batteries currently in the U.S. range retail form $25,000 to over $35,000. Vehicle deprecation and high repair cost could kill the use EV market.
So moral of the story is, don’t buy an EV
Isn’t it a failure of the protective cover not a warranty failure ?
I wonder how planet friendly electric vehicles are as they pile up in junk yards because there is no used market for them because no one with 1/2 a functioning brain cell will buy a used electric car knowing the battery is too expensive to replace. EV's, contrary to popular belief, are not saving the planet as the resources needed to build them far exceed that of a internal combustion engine and they have no resale value because of the battery. You can go to a junk yard and pick out a 50 year old, 60 year old or even older car that is still in tact and with minimal investment put it back on the road. That just isn't going to happen with an EV unless the battery prices drop by about 90%.
You look old enough that you should remember when it was this way with cordless house phones as well. Why act surprised?
You should have done your research and know the cost associated with EVs. You're to blame for buying an EV
Never buy an electric car. It's pretty simple.
I’m a Hyundai fan for many years and planning to get an EV but hearing all these stories it makes me think twice.
EVs in their current state are a complete joke.
And that's why I not getting one anytime soon....
szoval nem meritek  ki irni !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Did those Truckers ever get their money?
Why do people pay $55,000 in the first place for a Korean econobox?
You never said how this whole thing started. But in the mean time, welcome to the Biden economy. As long as some pink hair gets to feel better for a day, the end user person is screwed, blued and tatooed.
A Milwaukee drill sold as a "Bare Tool" tool only, battery not included, costs $129.00 US at the orange or blue store. The same drill with a battery and charger is $249.00 US. Battery technology is just too expensive right now. Add a questionable middle man like a dealership into the mix and you have a recipe for personal  bankruptcy.
FAKE NEWS propaganda
EV's are draining the pocketbooks of liberals. That's a good thing. All over the false belief that CO2 is causing the planet to warm. Meanwhile, CO2 levels have only risen by 1.4 parts per 10,000 since the 1800s.
At least Tesla can fix their own batteries, still a $10 000 repair. Why is Kia's battery $50 000 is a big question.
Goes to show doesn't it ... got sweet f*ck all to do with climate. All about the money!! The whole thing is a scam - one of the biggest money grabs in human history.
Seems to me that the Crown , Feds, should have a national insurance plan, like health care, for battery replacement. The car insurance plans, would just have you pay $60k over the planned battery life.
A guy in up state NY is replacing these batteries with ones from parted out vehicles for about $4500 total.  he'll ship it anywhere in the US and fly there to install it for you for about another $2k
I think the it was poorly diagnosed by the staff.
The moral of the story is to stay away from EVs entirely.
There are too many incompetent, stupid and anti-EV car dealers. They are sabotaging the EV plans of their car brand. Any car dealer that provides good customer service would contact head office for assistance and would quote on dropping, inspecting and repairing the battery pack instead of an inflated replacement cost based on cursory inspection. No one with any brains should rush into repairs or scrapping a vehicle based on over inflated repair quotes. A 75kWh battery should be $15K from the manufacturer.
why anyone would purchase an EV is beyond me- if THE MAN mandates (forces) us to bend the knee to EV... we're screwed.
Going be more battery trash as  the nations move to ev.
the whole "carbon footprint" argument is bogus...the carbon footprint to build, ship, operate, and dispose of is higher then any gasoline powered vehicle...the carbon footprint "curve" of EV versus gas is about 10 years...
I have always dreaded the cost of an EV battery in the long run. Sometimes I considered buying a used EV, but the battery health isn't something easy to assess. If the battery is the cost of the car, these cars have extrême depreciation. What's not logical is people buy them for the long term with a return on investment by saving fuel. The economics to justify to buy an EV doesn't make sense anymore.
This case was as ABSOLUTE DEALERSHIP SCAM !
I have a 2018 Kia Soul EV and it was part of a recent recall.  The quoted price for the battery was just shy of $30k CAD.  I was fortunate enough that it was covered under warranty and battery was replaced.  My only cost was car share expenses while it was being worked on.  Also, my old battery was exhibiting severe drain issues (>70%).
I work on EV vehicles,, and I can assure you those belly pans are a hard plastic fiber impregnated. Stronger than G-10.. I've seen the actual battery shell have good dents and absolute no harm... I guarantee that if any cells were damaged that car would shut down, huge message on the cluster. And the dealership would have dozens of codes.. The actual battery box is twin layered, just like ship tankers or  fluid trucks you see on the highway.. mind you Hyundai is a pile of S_ _ T to begin with...  People have no idea how worthless these EV cars are worth after 5 to 8 years..
EV nonsense. Have you seen the destruction on the land to get the amount of special minerals needed for these batteries. Way more destructive than "fossil fuels".
How does a battery cost more than the car you ask? GOVERNMENT SUBSIDIES. This allows car companies to sell a vehicle for less than it costs to build it. In the end it is the taxpayer’s loss on every EV sold. EVs are not the answer yet.
B.S. click bait.
so its like buying a printer and the replacement ink costs more then a new printer with ink already in it....
Back in 2013 I was driving during a snow storm. The roads were still being ploughed. Driving through a major intersection I heard a thud from the bottom of my car. Followed by a continued scraping until I got home.   At home I saw a large piece of thick plastic hanging from the bottom of the car. It was a piece of the car that was ripped apart.   I went to Honda, they clipped off the hanging plastic.  I shudder to think what would have happened in an EV.
I got a quote for a Prius battery replacement for $8000. I ended up contacting a guy that had worked for Toyota that replaced them on his own time… $850. He pulled the battery apart and replaced the individual cells in the battery. (There are YouTube videos that show how this is done.)
The real problem here is the insurance company..pay up motherfuckers
False.....that is just a rip off dealer not a real amount for the battery
Cars with batteries are just throw away items now, just like electronic goods. No repairs anything anymore… The future is sure looking good‼️‼️‼️👍
EVs will never be accepted. They are sold based on lies and idiots fall for it everytime.
I would think that if the car was driving just fine, why not just ignore the " repair" and just keep driving.? There are also many battery repair shops coming into the needs of the public. But....batteries can explode...perhaps sell it and blow someone else up....tough choices. Bear in mind thousands of people and dealers, sell used , unsafe cars.
The Hyundai response is pure political non committal rhetoric. This is one of the many reasons I have never considered a Hyundai/Kia vehicle. All this customer hardship without even looking at the actual battery. I feel bad for Kyle because this is going to cost him a lot of money for no good reason. The whole " we will do it different in the future" is just more political gobbley gook. Buyer beware.
Yet another reason not to buy a Kia, Hyundai or Suzuki vehicles.  These cars are a real P.O.S. and were never built with quality to last.
Dont buy this trash! Environment friendly...tell that to this guy.
Electric car idea is a joke, they will cause more damage to environment than regular gas vehicles.  They weigh more which means tires will wear much faster, they catch on fire and take a long time to put out, and put more toxins in the air, the batteries and the making of batteries does more harm than fuel.  The actual truth is, there is no climate change issue, it's a big lie only to steer people into a direction that suits their behind the scenes agendas.  All of what they say about climate change has been disproven by real scientists that have been cut off from being able to speak.
F EVs and the Govt trying to MANDATE them.  The whole climate change crap is a hoax to gain control over citizens
Don’t be dumb and buy an electric car.
I will never buy an EV! I will keep my ICE vehicles! Environmental Bull Shit!
So essentially the car is is not built very safe! if a bump to a cover that’s supposed to protect the battery isn’t protecting the battery!
Ev are garbage
The truth of the EV😂
Looks like an ID-TEN-T problem,  spelled IDIOT
everything woke turns to shit.
With GM & Ford essentially pulling out of the EV market and focusing on petroleum-based engines, the EV market will die a slow death. If you have an EV, NOW is the time to try and unload it.
There so needs to be an industry in repairing batteries. All that was required.was to remove the pack, open it and replace any damaged cells. We need to have "right of repair " legislation to allow this kind of work.
It's obvious that the battery cover could be removed, the battery inspected and a new cover replaced.
no amount is too small to save the world .. carry on, idiots !!
That’s the principal reason that EV resale will be worthless…really not a great place to put your money…see what’s happened to the Ford Lightning….sales have tanked…and the selling price is well into the unaffordable territory…and relate values on existing preowned is astonishingly low…
The very reason why you should not ever buy a battery powered car!
Between all the thefts and insurance rates because of that, and this? No Hyundai or Kia for me anymore. I can't even completely insure my Hyundai with a push button start.
because of this no one wants used EVs.
I read somewhere that even small fender-bender accidents can damage the main electric-car batteries internally.  Just a thought.
Waste of money. Shite cars shite service shite idea , get them off the road and get fn real again never getting one ever so, if you buy one after seeing this you deserve what you get ,just saying
surely if they are writing the car off/voiding the warranty because the battery protection panel has been scuffed up then the battery protection is not fit for purpose ?
These are not electric cars, they are battery operated and if you buy one you should have your head examined.
Just another reason why people don't want EV's
No one cares for one dont buy electric number two Hyundai and kia are like payless shose.there cheap junk.
60 Canadian is like 100 bucks us
I am not going to buy EV not until I see more EV  repair shop more available to be able to fix those batteries instead of replacing it.
Asians
Wow thanks for this video. I was planning on getting an Ioniq 6. Looks like I’ll rethink my decision.
LOL...enjoy your silly little toy cars (subsidized by productive people like me unfortunately). No sympathy.  You nuts bought into this sort of pie-in-the-sky nonsense.  Enjoy!
Battery protection. What does this mean? Exactly, to protect the battery. If this protection, as it seems in this case, is of no use, it is probably a manufacturer's fault (product liability?).
The issue for the rest of us is not the technical legality about ownership of liability. The issue is that the battery costs so much more than what most people think, let alone higher than the car itself.
These EV batteries are all junk after 10 years anyway. Ev cars are a farce
Don't buy that crap. Buy something else.
The Insurance Should Cover It Total Loss Even If The Car BODY Has No Damage Except For Underneath Where The Cover Was Supposed To Protect Battery Which Can Ignite If Damage So The Insurance Company Should Consider That Not Blame The Owner,Driver,Many Make Companies Are Getting Into EV Production Because Of Fossil Fuels But The Car Battery Can Ignite Unsafe
Vote Biden get that stick in the rear everyone seems to like so much nowadays
PR nightmare for Hyundai. They should have been falling over themselves trying to give Kyle another car after this fiasco.
Enjoy your EV LOL
If this video is an endorsement for Evs, it didn't work.
The car costs CDN 60'000.- Battery CDN 60'000.- In this case the car NEW costs nothing! Or vice versa.
Scam artists at the dealership and head office. The whole company is corrupt. I'm so angry.
Thanks for bringing light to this story
Just wait until these EVs get into a simple fender-bender. Your insurance will be going up dramatically.
Battery cars are for children..
Its amazing how people dont see this things coming.  Only the dummest people purchase EVs .
Both warranty and spare parts are totally insaine. The most simple solution. Don't ever buy Hyundai.
I think that the Hyundai dealership have the decimal point in the wrong place. That battery should cost 5,600 not 56,000. Also, is Kyle old enough to be driving that car?
There are dozens of YouTube videos showing that these kinds of repairs are easy and cheap but dealerships are without the tools, parts, and expertise. There are third party shops in the US that would do this repair for a few thousands not tens of thousands. Seems like a business opportunity for electric specialist repair shops to do what dealerships are incapable or unwilling to do.
I would think that the term battery protection plate is an oxymoron and should not be able to be used after this incident.
Hyundai 37501-GI351-RM BATTERY SYSTEM ASSY 6334.93 dollar
Screw ev’s
The expense of a new battery is why I'm trying to decide whether I push my 2014 Nissan Leaf over a cliff now or in a  year or so, when I won't get more than a roundtrip to Costco out of it.
Take the video down and do some research, look at the nmbrs on the invoice, did evereone miss this in the making of the video 😢
What a fking joke... 💲💲🤬🤬🤬
Tesla Model 3 LR, with transfer, houry rate, and the HW cost 23000€   Model S costs 25800€
Very common scenarios here in California. Cars will total for broken windshield. No joke. Liability now requires to remove dash and replace because of possible small glass eventually blow into passengers .
Or, one could buy a real electric car…. A Tesla and don’t have to deal with this crap
Thanks to YOU GUYS, Hyundai will take notice of this.
In New York a place like that has firers and get sued.
LESS SALES FOR HYUNDAI FOR SURE
What's really funny is that I have been driving my construction truck manufactured by Ford for 22 years and I've only spent $1,300 in repairs in that entire time and have 200 + 1,000 Mi on it. You might save money on gas but wait till they jack up your tags because you're not paying taxes for Road usage another thing look at the government driving all the big heavy vehicles that use gas and flying around in their Jets all the time that uses fuel tell me who is the bad guy on the climate.
Stay away from EVs. They are a fire hazard and the myth that they are good for the environment is untrue. To make those batteries it involves child labor. It is very toxic and bad for the environment to make them and to dispose of them it is equally as bad. It is a scam. Don't forget that you need fossil fuel to produce electricity. Whenever you charge your EV you are also polluting, that power comes from fossil fuel. Do you remember COP28, the "climate change conference", the ones that tell you you need to reduce your carbon footprint. Well the same that are telling you to reduce your carbon footprint travel on private jets all the time and they sure did to go that conference with their private jets that pollute more in one trip than you driving your car for a year! Hypocrisy at its best and it shows you that green technologies are just another way to make money. It has nothing to do with the environment.
“He felt like he had avoided it” Well… they you go. He felt like he avoided it. I am not sure what the point of this video is about. The damage to most batteries would total out most EV’s. The procedure is for the dealer to inspect the vehicle, if they have questions, they call the Tech line and are informed what to do. This goes to show the 7 or 8 year old EV’s are worthless. That is why ICE vehicles are much better for the environment.
This has always been my question Anyone who has ever owned a vehicle knows that eventually, you will need to replace the battery. Well, if the sole power of a vehicle is the battery. How long will they last How much will it cost How long until the batteries do not produce full power And people from Canada can answer how well they keep a charge in a cold climate. How does trying to keep warm and using lights affect the range of your charge? I honestly did not even consider if they ended up damaged. Didn't even consider how insurance would handle any needed repairs.  That does not even include, how long does it take to recharge Does temperature affect that process?  When you consider the environmental impact Has anyone asked what the impact of mining for rare earth minerals does to the environment?  And have they compared it to the impact of an oil field and the aftermath of an oil field vs the aftermath of a rare earth mining operation.   I am not against mining   Also, EV production levels have not even come close to replacing gas vehicles.  The need for even more batteries and the impact that will create.
How can the cost of the battery be more expensive than the whole car from brand new price !?!? Absolute nonsense!! Rip off!! Cars are already on market & company will only now look at market pricing strategies!?!? Should warranty cover any driver hitting something on the road, that's not manufacturer's issue... Was battery still holding charge etc before even deciding to scrap... Insurance companies should be controlled better as they are basically ripping us all off!!
Electric cars are for stupid people.
Stay away from the Hyundai and Kia.
The invoice isn't correct !!! check it.
How stoopid these virtue signaling fools are.  Most of the electricity on the planet is generated by burning coal.  So electric cars are essentially coal powered!
Be cheaper to LS swap it and you would never have to smog it.
😂 Reason 5478 why not to buy a EV.
Porsche are as bad.
Look into the “carbon footprint” it takes to mine all the ingredients to make the batteries, we need cars running on hydrogen not grid taxing, no range ev’s.
People will be finding out EVs aren't all they are cracked up to be.
There's another story from Ontario but with an older 2017 and 170k km, just outside the 160k km warranty limit. $50k to replace as well. Spending 50k just over 5 years later... Yeah no.
REAL MAN DRIVES ICE!
This is one of the reasons why I hate battery electric cars.
😂😂
I have no intention of buying an EV. I will buy either a diesel or petrol vehicle for as long as I possibly can! Electric cars are the biggest con of the 21st century! Where are they going dispose of all the burned out batteries??
How ridiculous the cost to replace a EV cars battery $ 60,000! That’s more than the average cost of a regular car today. Who the hell can afford this blatant robbery? Has anyone question the criminal corruption and exploitation of child labour they are using to extract the materials to produce these exploding batteries ???
Well people, if you run over stuff, and it does not look bad just clean it up and pretend as nothing happend. Wrecking a one year old car beause of some scratches, thats really environmentally friendly.. jesus christ..
a lot of these issues blowing up. if pricing isn't regulated then no one will buy a hybrid/EV anymore. Definitely not a good look on Hyundai as well.
What's the point of a battery protection cover if any slight damage to that is treated the same as the battery being damaged? INSANITY !!!
Hyundai/Kia seems to always find a way to screw their customers.  I wasn’t in the market for an EV, but I’m very glad I decided against any Hyundai/Kia when I bought my car in March.  They stand beside their cars, not behind them.
Absolutely bizarre that normal operation can void a warranty.  It's not like he was jumping the thing!  I watched a video yesterday about how insurance companies are putting rules in place so you can only insure "online" cars.  They will have access to every detail about your use and you.  If you speed, the data is forwarded to the police for a ticket and your premiums go up instantly 🤦‍♀️ Cool when you realize we allowed this world of corporatocracy to develop over the last 50 years.  Pardon my french, but fuck all that shit!  I'm buying a horse 🐴!
When you buy a Hyundai, you are buying the "dealers will screw you and invalidate your 10 year warranty" experience, he should have known better.
Hyundai isn't good.  We had a Hyundai Sonata Hybrid, and the battery and the car had major issues with the battery and the transmission only after a few years of driving.  Luckily it was under warranty and we took it to Hyundai to repair it.  They were reluctant to do anything that could cost Hyundai actual money.  We went in many times and when none of the small things they did fixed the problem, they finally agreed to change out the transmission.  However, this didn't resolve the Hybrid battery issue of not holding a charge.  In the end, we decided to sell the car to CarMax and cut our losses.  Never buying a Hyundai again.
Why replace? Is there any indication that the battery needs to be replaced? Does it no longer have the same performance? Let it be and replace the protection, drive on and that's it.
After owning three Hyundai's I will never buy another one. We bought a new car this year and it was a Toyota . And we are not ready for these expensive biden cars yet. And a political Administration should not be making people buy cars that they think are good for us since they do not manufacture cars and most know nothing about cars and still used the gas guzzlers themselves while we should use unproved with no infrastructure vehicles.
⚡️🚗=🗑️
Even a manufacturer will practice cost avoidance. Mazda denied me compensation for a recall repair of a timing belt because I wasn’t the first owner of the vehicle.
One of the many reason i will continue to buy Kai/ Hyundai vehicles
Basically driving in snow, which scratches the bottom of your car voids the battery warranty.
Typical Hyundai.
How do they go from $6649.98 to $56,649.98$ Can't they produce a document that will show the right numbers?
Then get a new car electric is here to stay. i've been mending gas cars since i was a kid. Well i  hate it The prices will get better. If your really against it. go buy a ford model T and start a luddite farm. i hear Africa is still using steam trains.
I am sure this is an EV issue not limited to Hyundai
Ten years ago we were quoted $5500 for a civic hybrid battery replacement, battery had died at 110k miles; 10k after warranty expiration.  Thankfully the dealer went to bat for us with Honda of America and replaced it for free.  The battery is getting ready to die again, 170k miles on this battery, better, but still not great, and no warranty this time.  Battery replacement has gone up significantly, the car is worth a lot less than the battery replacement cost, so when the battery dies, a perfectly good car with zero issues is garbage.  If it had a gas only motor this car would go another 100k mile easy, probably 200k.  Sure we used less gas per mile and had less emissions, but how is needing a whole brand new car or a new battery (both with huge environmental footprints) environmentally friendly?   Most gas vehicles are very low emissions these days, the hybrids only get slightly better gas mileage and slightly less emissions; so you add battery replacement every 150k miles, and the rather enormous carbon footprint of that, production pollutants, etc. and it's not better, it's a lot worse.  It costs you more in battery costs than you saved in gas prices, with $60k batteries, a heck of a lot more.  Not to mention all of the batteries now catching on fire... We are buying gas only from now on.    And why is it that 30 years ago you could get cars that got 50+ miles to gallon, and you can't today.  1990's Honda CRX base got about 60mpg, my 2001 Honda Insight hybrid got 60+ mpg.    Cars are getting slower, bigger, and worse mileage.  We are all being sold a bunch of BS.
The warranty was voided, so there is no warranty. Whenever an EV is in an accident, no matter how minor, the EV could be thrown away. This isn't restricted to a particular brand.
Common sense would have avoided the purchase from the beginning
This is a big problem worldwide right now. It also causes insurance rates to skyrocket. Who is to blame? Hyundai. They designed a product that is basically unrepairable. The car, including its battery, must be designed to be disasembled and repaired, just like an engine, or any other component. In the case of a battery, it consists of modules. It should be possible to remove, disassemble, inspect and replace or repair parts of a battery. If they can't do that, then their product is unrepairable.   Electric car makers, including Hyuundai and Tesla are painfully aware of this, and they WILL fix it, but it will take time. Evs will gradually become more repairable over time, as newer generation of batteries emerges.
What if you don't own a home and have to park on the street bumper to bumper with other cars, where are all those chargers gonna go?
When are people are going to wake up Evie is a load of garbage it creates more environmental damage the new sink what about those poor kids at digging lithium out of the ground what is their life expectancy and some of these kids are as young as 10 what should be happening is the country that's creating the most pollution is China but nobody saying anything about that second is India can you wear anybody saying anything about that the only times evs will become cost-effective is when they can do something about the degradation of the batteries and I'm afraid that is some years off maybe another 5 to 10 years the amount of people who I know the drive evs and end up having problems charging them went away from home do you want to sit in a services for 3 or 4 hours while the battery is being charged you put petrol or diesel in it and Away you go otherwise you can stick your evs where the sun don't shine
This has made up my mind on purchasing an Ioniq 5.  We were quite close to pulling the trigger on this vehicle.  Thank you so much!!  I'll be sticking with combustion engines until they work this nightmare out.  No thanks EV!
EV's are the future. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sounds like those claims of long lasting LED light bulbs for your home. My experience is they don’t last any longer than the heavy-duty incadecent bulbs the government outlawed.
I’ve rather just pay 60k for gas, for the next 15 years.
Personally, I would’ve never taken it to the dealership. I would’ve just kept driving it. At some point I would just replace the cover so they never know anything happened.
But the car is still drivable isn’t it?
The moral of the story is, don't by an E.V. go for a hybrid, petrol or diesel
Protect the environment! Throw away your car after one year! :-)
Please remind me what is green about Electric Vehicles?  It’s all a Grand illusion. Don’t be fooled by radio, tv or magazine. They’ll show you photographs of how your life should be but their just someone else’s fantasy.
The price for the battery is absurd
Its pretty simple. Ask to get a second opinion take car and leave. Take battery cover off, get battery cover restored to look new. Reattach and your car is fine. Or you can just buy an aftermafket battery cover and swap it out. Playjng games with stupid people requires you to be stupid right back.
"We make Wah" You sure do, wah that's a lot of money. Wah that is some horrible customer service. Wah what a waste of resources.
Pure corruption at work! Hyundai should replace the battery free of charge and discipline the dealership or not permit that it sells or service EVs any longer. It’s not a secret that dealers hate EVs for many reasons. If the battery pack was not impacted and there is no apparent issues with the batteries, the pack should still retain its full value. Hyundai can easily repackage it with a new protective plate once it was deemed as safe (which I’m pretty sure it will based on the shown evidence). This case is tarnishing Hyundai and the whole EV car industry’s reputation at a point where even governments should get involved.
Sounds like a shady dealer fleecing customers.  1) Claiming the battery was damaged when the protection plate was scuffed, and 2) increasing the cost of the battery 4x+ to milk the insurance. Though the battery on my Bolt (similar sized car) is just fine at over 100k+ miles if I wanted a replacement the dealer quote was $12k. Like I said something really shady going on at that guy's dealer!
Electric vehicles are a joke!
Somebody has to take your gentlemen money 🎉🎉🎉🎉 Why bother. You can afford it. Just go electric... Cheers.
Just park the car away from the house.. FAR away from the house.
Did you notice at 3:27 the list and net price is 6649.98 so it's just a bug in the body shop's system.
The lady is way better looking than the guy
Hyundai sucks,period🫤
Easy answer EV’S are not a good buy in any situation.
She looks like 60 year old Madonna 😮 That said, what a rip off/scam! A person buying one of these vehicles should know upfront and clearly buy the people they are buying the car from or the people that make the car.
B.S.
Bottom line ...do not ever by EVs. It's a scam ....it's garbage. ..gas rules. Wake up.
just buy a used beige toyota corolla for 5k and get insurance for 20$ and you are good to go, just be careful to not buy any other color as they are not as much realiable as the beige ones
Dealership services are rip off...
Will he buy another EV 😂
In the uk Evan a fault at the time of manufacture isn't covered by insurance.
I've heard of several stories first hand from owners/previous owners about Hyundai/Kia being dodgey with their warranty coverage (on gas cars). They claim to have such a great warranty, but don't stand by it. You're better off buying from a brand with an earned reputation for reliability.  Obviously I wouldn't expect a company to be held liable for damages caused by road hazards. But for them to not even investigate the battery because the battery protection cover was scratched is absolutely asinine. And the fact that they escelated the situation to the point that the vehicle was totaled out for battery damage without even looking at the battery is nuts.  Hyundai (or possibly the dealer) should be held liable for replacing this guy's car.
Get Money and keep car, then petrol swap that nastyness
Don’t buy electric vehicles people.
LOl KYLE, once I saw him I understood why he got the HYUNDAI EV.  Bad decision maker, but good at having white teeth.
SCAM DELAERSHIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is a video on YT of a used 2008 Toyota Camy Hybrid that had a resale value of $8K and it needed a replacement battery and the owner was quoted $18K with labor to replace the battery. I think I will stay away from these cars.
I'm still driving the 22-yr-old Chevy Cavalier I bought used from Hertz 20 years ago. Put all the money I didn't spend on a fancy car into TSLA, MRNA, NVDA and PLTR — my wife and I are now financially very comfortable as a result. But I did have to replace a radiator hose last week, cost: $15.
IF YOU DONT BELIEVE THIS EV MOVEMENT IS THE BIGGEST SCAM OUR OUR  GENERATION YOU ARE 100% A FOOL. That’s just real talk
Never getting a pure ev. Maybe a hybrid but, never a pure ev.
People are waking up to the scam of EV’s. Dealer lots are full of them.
buy a Tesla instead
The car ran? So whats the problem? Other than electric cars being driven by non car people and its obvious in this case.
I’ll keep saying it. Electric cars are not the answer. Hydrogen internal combustion should be the future. The current White House has got it wrong on purpose.
Nynber one, I am surprised the dealer did NOT contact corporate about this immediaely instead makes a knee jerk judgement for complete battery replacement.  The selling/servicing dealer should be making corporate contact for the customer, not the customer having to do this himself.  If there is a specification for the distance between the protective pan and the battery but the pan damage is superficial, the pan should have been removed for a closer more critical inspection of the battery.  Perhaps under he watchful eye of factory service rep and inspectors.  A simple contact with a road hazard should NOT the the reasoning for a full battery replacement,  As a former factory trained mechanic that advanced to dealer shop manager, ANY time we encountered an unusual situation, an appointment was made with the regional factory warrnaty service representative.  We'd meet with the customer, the service rep and the line mechanics to discuss the findings.  The service rep would on the spot make a judgement call, ususally in the favor of the customer.  Even sometimes going beyond the call of duty when the problem was caused by customer inattention or lack of maintenance.  I recall more than once factory corporate technicians would accompany the service rep to personally inspect the car or in severe odd cases, the car would be shipped to the warranty center for inspection and the customer given a loaner car in the interim.  One thing the owner pointed out is after 8-10 years of service the battery will reach the end of it's useful life.  If that battery replacement exceeds the value of the vehicle, then this car will have no resale or trade in value other than maybe scrap metal value.  Ultimately this does NOT bode well for the future of EV vehicles after a few years of use.
These electric cars will save the environment 😂😂😂😂
It kinda negates the reason for putting up with owning an EV in the first place if it has to be written off for a scratch after a year ! i tink i will stick to my 19 year old diesel LR3 thanks .
thank you KYLE for helping to raise all of our insurance rates eventually with your NEW Salvage EV..
This is an industry issue to rip off the public and insurance companies! I did my due diligence as interested in a new EQS450 4MATIC. I called a local dealership to price the battery replacement a couple months ago and was quoted over $70,000.00 US! That was just the part!!! My guess is since most manufacturers loose money on the sale of an EV, it looks like they all have schemed to recoup their loses on the back end and maybe congress should take this up asap to halt this opportunistic ripping off of the public and insurance companies!!!
Wow, now I don't feel as bad after my 2012 Tucson's engine blew up at less than 80,000 and Hyundai  refused to pay for it.  Only $5000 out of my pocket. 😞
Dealers will look for anything to void warranties
Just ban iconic from selling the problem solved. Promote the negativity from dealer and brand itself. Crap car that it
Dealership trying to rip-off the customer. Hyundai Canada passed the buck.
Sounds like a design flaw, which I am sure exists in other EV. Hopefully other manufacturers eill take note.
hold on a min brothers!  You're telling me that a drive knew the entire chassis was a BATTERY and he still somehow managed to BOTTOM OUT the car, knowing the battery could be damaged and warranty voided.   LOL.  Should have driven better or got a prius to begin with.
Buying a EV from a gas car company seems utterly insane to me. Lack of experience is their problem in this field.
I'm like 25 or more years away from getting a EV
That’s why electric cars are a bad idea!!
Is it me or is that a typo ?  The list/net price says 6649.98 but the amount says 56649.98, Looks like someone just added a 5 to the front of the price ?
First of all I won’t have an EV or a hybrid. Second, I would take the car and drive it. Third, the dealership is ripping him off, they are around $36000 which is 48000 in Canadian, on line. Fourth, even if your insurance premiums did go up 50%, it would take many premiums to equal the price of repairs. I still say take the car and drive it like nothing happened, if it does catch on fire, collect insurance and buy a wiser gas burning vehicle.
Kyle got railroaded here.  He learned the hard way and should never consider anything Hyundai or KN car again. ...and his insurance company..tisk tisk....
If the car still drove and ran properly I'm not paying anything regardless of what the bottom looks like. Kyle should of thought for himself instead of listening to what they say.
As someone who has been in the automotive repair field for 40 plus years. Also having owned 2 electric vehicles, my first question would be "what the hell good does a battery protection plate do for me if it fails with a slight amount of damage?"  My first statement would be.. "Take the freaking cover off and inspect it."
The current going rate for EV battery pack costs is about $140 per kilowatt hour, the ionic has a 77 kWh battery, that comes out to less than $11,000 for a brand new battery. That does not take into account the core return you would have on the original battery, which should be a few thousand dollars at minimum since most likely all of those cells are viable to be reused.
thanks for the video, now Hundai is another brand added to my list to stay away from.
Our 21 Sorento rolls back on hills and we’re told that’s normal.
I have a 2020 Tesla Model Y Long Range. Current cost should I need to replace the battery is $5000 to $5500. Tesla says the 'high cost' is due to the cost of the metals. If those prices go down (or up) that will change. The newer 4680 batteries are less expensive. (I have 2170s)  There is also no access door on the bottom of the car, so nothing to fall off.  Dealerships are all crooked. At every step no one bothered to competently inspect the battery. Probably because no one at the dealership knew how to do this.  Kyle got ripped off.  Don't buy a Hyundai, buy a Tesla.
Ppl keep saying EV is more cheaper and eco friendly.. But they not. Prefer hydrogen car 😂
Just another propaganda video by Big Oil....
What are you doing buying an E V vehicle anyway. Shame on you. 😊
Shouldn't the insurance give him a new car?? 🤔
Definitely a super fail by Hyundai Canada.  I have a Kia EV6 on lease, but after watching this report I probably would not purchase it after the lease.  To me, we have a design issue with the battery cover that Hyundai apparently is completely ignoring.  Kia has a similar design.   So many fail points in this transaction (eg dealer to Hyundai Canada and Hyundai Canada to Hyundai Korea).  Hyundai and Kia definitely need to rethink their position here.
This guy making reference to the horse already having left the barn is so irrelevant. The topic at hand pertains to this vehicle, Is he suggesting the guy rides a horse around now?
Don't buy Hyundai's and Kia's
Dealer pissed they didn't sell a gas car, now lying out their ass to not cover the warranty issue. Stay away from gas car dealers, criminals.
To me a simpler car allows for cheaper repairs , cheaper parts,and widespread locations where it can be serviced. To me it makes sense, I could be wrong. That's what keeps me from considering buying even a hybrid.
Kyle should have bought something simple. Of course, this is bullshit, just like the rest of the EV market.
Bajo moj, stavi to na brod i dođi u Srbiju, završićemo ti to da bude kao fabrika, za jedno 200 - 300 eura
So, put in simple terms: Kyle has been ripped off royally. My recommendation: buy an efficient diesel or gasoline car meeting the latest emission standards and you will be much better off.
So how is a customer meant to know whether an used EV's battery has been damaged? If the main dealer cant tell you, surely you'd be mad to buy a second hand EV from anyone!
Stop kidding yourself. Stealerships and manufacturers are basically cartels, colluding left and right.
Batteries will increase in price
Who is saving the planet? This people that buy cars every year or the old guy that driving a 90 Toyota Camry? Cut the hypocrisy, ill drive a gas car forever Fck Evs
How is the car's MSRP $60,000 if the battery alone is $60,000? Did I miss something here, did he purchase it new for a much higher price? Something doesn't add up here.
At the dealer theyll tell you anythi g to get you in.....just forget it theres nothing wrong with you battery just leave it alone and avoid all that hassle
The way I see it the future of electric cars is going to be crazy especially in replacing something like the battery or other electrical components is going to be more expensive than a regular combustion engine car. Glad that I won’t be driving most likely when all cars will be electric.   I enjoyed late 80s and 90s thru current combustion engine cars .
Isolated scenario.  Unfortunately, all Car manufacturers and dealerships sometimes lead to good outcome and some bad.  unfortunately for this one, the process is new with the dealership.  NO way the mechanics know what their talking about.  They never dealt with such situation.
Do you not see that the replacement battery price of 50,000 dollars is a typo this is ludicrous. The replacement battery is 6,000 dollars. Come on now. The underwriter’s should be examined if this is real.
Hi Zach, I have been watching you since you were with driving TV you are the BEST of Canadian car journalists (other then MotoringTV :)) You always keep it honest and you are not afraid to speak your mind. "Value" is always on your mind which I really appreciate. Having Andrea as a co host adds to your couples funny moments and couples dynamics. I feel compelled to write a comment as most journalists will not have the courage to bring this forward and Hyundai will just try to sweep this under the rug since is just "another customer". With the views of this video, I really hope they are trying to correct this especially giving Hyundai Boundary a good lesson! Also thank you Kyle for bringing this to the media!!!!!!!!!!!
If it was me, but I would never buy one in the first place, I WOULD COVER THE CAR IN LEMON STICKERS AND ADVERTISE IT ONLINE TO PROMOTE THE BENEFITS of owningna lemon....
Ban EVs they are NOT better for the environment...
Avoid all EV'S, because all are self service crematorioums.
Ok so the car sells for 50K with a battery included upon purchase. How is it then possible that later just a new battery costs 60K?????  It makes no sense unless the mark up on a new battery is in the stratosphere. This is true I know for all replacement parts on cars but this is a new level never seen on any other part.
what an incompetent company Hyundai. u should come up with SOP before selling pieces of shxt to ppl!
Hyundai should be ashamed of this debacle
EVs, just like their owners, can only operate in a safe space. The real world is too triggering for them.
This is just another nail in the coffin for EV purchases...lol
lol rich people problems
I've had my Nissan Leaf serviced at the dealership, that day when I picked it up driving home my front wheel unbolted and flew off... followed by a large bang of the car dragging on the ground, sparks flying and all... Just had to replace the fender and some brake parts and that was it. My vehicle was not written off which sounds much worse than what Kyle has experienced.   Side note: I also went through insurance and the dealership denied responsibility so I was on the hook for the premium increase and deductible as well! Tells you a little something about Dealerships and Insurance companies...
Thank you for putting focus on an area of EV ownership that's often overlooked or even considered.
Just another example of EVs not being ready for prime time.
No EV is invierment friendly
you dont just replace the "battery" with these cars. you replace: hybrid high voltage battery, hybrid battery tray, housing, cooling components and more! kyle is decreasing his carbon footprint and his bank account. craziness
Here I was just waiting for green energy recharging and faster 10min recharging times. Never thought an accident would void the warranty.
EVs are the future😂😂😂😂😂
LMFAO I SMELL MENDACITY AND YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELVES
Very Good Report, Thanks I checked out a Hyundai plugin hybrid but what good is it here in the frosty north I thought it would be good to go 10min, to shop or where ever around town and long trips run on gas, but in the morning to clear the windows and drive even on a cool foggy day , when you turn the heater the engine starts, so to keep the windows clear you always have to run the engine, so if I can't use the eclectic for 80% of the time I'll just keep my 40.000 and drive what I have.
How do we not know the hole was not like that from the factory? Also why not just replace the cover? And what is the point of the cover if not for protection? If it ain't broken don't fix it.😡
You would be fool for buying this garbage at price or any brand.
Never ever buy a green car
wow, insane
Good to know. Half a million people will now avoid Hyundai.
The dealership model had always been to extract max profit from a paid customer. What more can you ask for when the entire car is written off so they had to buy a new one. Its a total rort
It seems like EV manufacturers have a "throw away" culture. If your batteries start to fail, just throw the car away (as it will be cheaper than get a battery replaced) and buy another later model EV from them. Insane  So much for saving the planet????🙄
I’ve had good experiences with Kia and Hyundai. Very good.  They make a good quality product.
Only a fool would buy a EV car!
Send the bill to Justin Trudeau. All these leftist a####### that shove EV's down our throats don't give a d### what the costs are to the public.
I own a VW, not a Hyundai, but the car was having problems. The dealership replaced a few things under warranty, which did not fix the issue. The dealership contacted VW Canada because they suspected that the issue was related to the actual manufacturing of the vehicle. VW Canada engineers at that point took over the car, troubleshooted the issue and arranged for the repair at no cost to me. VW Canada provided me with another vehicle during the process and didn't cut corners in fixing the issue. The car is still on the road, and no further issues were noted. This is how a great brand with professional dealerships handles these problems.
BULLSHIT!!!!!!
How about not buying another EV ever?  Such a scam!
Money is part of the problem.    Batteries catching fire because of unknown damage is an even larger problem.
Resale? 👎
Should have bought a Tesla.
If a battery protector doesn’t protect the battery, isn’t that a product failure? If the manufacturer’s failure voids the warranty, there is a problem.
Why not keep the car, warranty will not last forever anyway so who cares, you are not liable for anything if your car warranty runs out that's ridiculous. Offered him a new car did they? This is a complete joke this kid is being taken for a ride, as are you two!
basically you buy a battery and get the rest of the car for free, since the cost of the battery is more then a complete car is worth lmao
Outrageous pricing of spare batteries could kill the ev market.
Just watched the video. On the invoice it shows 6649.98 list and net. In the next column it shows 56649.98. Surely not as simple as a typing error. Just a thought. 😮
The wise will stick with ICEV. Ownership of EV's is insanity.
In the USA you are really ripped off
Was there any issues with driving after the object impacted the protective cover. What happens when some one’s unaware of the damage and keeps driving. Would they be liable for any mishaps in the future?
This is just *one* of the reasons I won't buy an electric vehicle.
So is the manufacturer sell the car at a loss?  The car cost $55,000 new, how does that compute?
Thank You for the business idea. Buy the car for 55K.  Sell the battery for 60K. Sell the rest of the car.  PROFIT!!!
Glad I saw this post. Wife and I were planning on buying a new Toyota Camry Hybrid in 2024 because of the all new design coming out. Now, I'm not so sure. I'll have to do some more research but it looks like I might have to buy a 2023 Camry because the 2024 Camry's only come as a hybrid. Or, buy a 2024 Honda. Toyota and Honda are the only cars we'll buy, we've had nothing but great experiences with them in the past.
Anyone buying into the EV scam deserves what they get.
30 yrs ago I bought a house for less than this car. I feel sorry for kids nowadays
I learned my lesson in 2008 with an electric weed trimmer.  No power, couldn't even finish the property with 2 batteries.  Returned.  Internal combustion is superior in every way that matters.
I would love to see a follow up in which you compare battery replacement costs among the different EV manufacturers
List price 6,649.98, where does 56,649.98 come from? Maybe it's a typing mistake, 5 is next to 6!!
EV is the future, but from this story, I'm not buying any anytime time soon.
Do NOT EVER buy ANYTHING “ELECTRIC” … IT’S PURE B.S. …
Good luck insuring EV’S in the near future. I’m also curious how home insurance companies are going to respond to fires caused by an EV parked in a garage.
I'll never buy another EV!  Tesla lies and hides behind their tremendous fake facade.
Luv how woke are gonna go broke.  Ev is a big scam
Hi I live in BC Canada. What I’m most concerned about all this is. That very same vehicle will be back on the road after all this.   ICBC auctions off their written off vehicles to recoup some of the cost of the payout. Therefore, it’s up to the private sales person to fix the issue ( usually a small time dealer trying to flip the vehicle for a quick profit) and have it reinspected before it can be sold back to the public. Usually unaware of the vehicles history. I know it’s buyers be aware and should have each used vehicle inspected  but not many people does that. And because it’s a private sale. It’s usually a “As Is” purchase.   I know from experience as I had a vehicle written off in a 3 car pile up with all the body panels around the car damaged. All the airbags deployed. Torn off front axel. Any yet it was back on the road in 6 months. ( I responded to a private sales add on Facebook market place of what i thought was a similar vehicle as my written off vehicle.) only to my surprise to see MY actual car back on the road after it was written off. New panels. ETA but you can see it was hastily put back together as you can still see some of the stress in the metal in the engine compartment still present. If you know where to look.
Walk away and let the dealer decide what to do with that piece of junk!
Sounds like scam to me . EV vehicles are scammers useless
Sounds to me that this is an engineering issue. A battery protection devoice that doesn't protect the battery is a total waste of brain cells! And material.
Isn’t it a typo? I see 6.649 listed, but a Total of 56.649 $? That doesn’t seem right…..!
EV Cars are now like cell phones?  NOT a good look on EV 'S and Hyundai.
I’m in the Dallas, Tx (USA) this is very informative as I wasn’t to replace my 2011 DTS with a Cadillac EV, im sure this is going to happen to a few people.
Do not buy any  electric cars.  They are  worse..
What a racket..  just get Normally Asperated of the size you need/want..  forget Turbo, AWD Hybrid..  IMO.  I've never been stuck in snow with FWD.  I believe FWD gives better handling.. AWD has increased friction..  maybe you can launch quicker?  I must say that it's pretty obvious that the first in the Ice/Snow ditch are in this order 4WD, AWD, 2WD, FWD.  Hybrid for sure has this battery issue..  i guess they still run on the engine..  but it's Limping along and lost it fun power.  Stick w/NA + FWD..  Get the driver's aids you can afford.  IMO!!
human are complicated. let's be giraffe.
Yup, electric cars are just like phones. If anything goes wrong, you throw them away. Excellent sustainability plan.
He should have said nothing and kept driving.  I am sure there are tons of EVs that have run over something at one time or another.  The protection cover is separate from the battery, but the over-reaction of the dealer(lack of knowledge) fuelled the paranoia of the car exploding.
When government starting to give incentives to buy something, there is definitely something fishy about it 😂
Universal battery exchange stations instead of charging stations is what's needed. Don't charge or worry about replacement, just stop by for a fresh battery at an exchange station. Much like a filling gas station with a process that takes 5 min. This would be a game changer for the EV market. This is a horrible experience. A young man with a financial burden cause he wanted to do something good for the environment and to save money on gas. We need young people in favor of things like this not avoiding them. How many will hear of this as well as the stories of other EVs and decide against an EV. It's a reason for me.
His first mistake was buying the POS.
I don't get it? Why would anybody want to buy an EV knowing the cost of batteries and more than the cost of the car. They don't go has far as a car that takes gas and you can get off and fuel up again and get back on the road. If you have an EV and your stuck in traffic and your batteries are running low what are you going to do. To me that's an accident in the making. Give me a gas car.
Hear's a thought don't buy and electric car.
If the car was running fine, why go back to the dealer in first place?
The moral of the Story don't buy shitty electric cars.  Total a car for small scratches?   my ICU car i would not even worry about fixing it and the car still runs like new.
Hyundai Ioniq 5 should be come with a lemon warning. And that buyers should know that the slightest scratch on the protective cover may result in a vehicle write-off. Sales of the car would diminish to nothing  very quickly. And Hyundai would have a well deserved very nasty PR mark on their record.
If the 'protective cover' was bypassed so easily by a simple everyday highway event, perhaps it shouldn't be called 'protective'...
Saving what environment? 🌎
Serves him right for going electric, I got no sympathy for eco loons!
Lol. Don't buy EV's guy's.
You should check the rich rebuilds channel where he exposes Tesla doing the same (agreed their batteries are only 20k but they ask for that amount to change the 2$ cooling system plug).
I just saw a 2000 battery placement on a puh. Not that huge battery on the bottom of the car.
Nowadays aftermarket batteries are available for practically any EV.  They're a fraction of the price of the OEM parts and really simple to install.  Obviously you have to research and head all the saftely procedures but it's not rocket science.  Anyone with basic DIY skills can carry out the replacement safely and easily.  Here in the UK after a car is written off, the owner can ask to buy back the wreck for it's scrap value.  So if I was in this situation, I'd take the hit but buy back the vehicle.  Repair it myself and then sell it as a second hand car.  The profit he'd make on the deal would more than cover his insurance premiums for the next 10 years.
$60,000 Canadian dollars. what is that four beaver pelts US? I think he is getting hosed from the auto body shop the part number shows thirty thousand for the part. So figure a basic keystone pricing structure with parts distributor account held by autobody shop with a usual nine to ten percent discount cheaper if large company the sixty thousand number would be right at or around $57000. Get more quotes.
I still wonder why people will buy this shit!!
More proof that electric cars are rubbish.
The biggest auto fraud and hoax and the biggest pile of dear near unusable pile of s**htee  is NOW  due! 10 year old heaps of half used cars, useless! I told yours! Wankers! 10 years ago. In Norway Tesla Model S is starting and do their way to the chop-shop. Grats electric cars wankers! That also applies to eejits with hybrid cars. GOD I love my 2011 Honda Jazz/Fit. Will survive all wanker for a FRACTION of the cost and POLLUTION!
The dealership is at fault for not inspecting futher and for not contacting HQ. Having something underneath causing minor cratches means damage to the battery, BULL! Is the battery packaging affected, are the batteries leaking, is the car bringing up codes, is the cover unreplaceable (which would be stupid) ?? Wasting a perfectly good car in my opinion, I did as much inspection as the dealer did evidently, and I AM a certified mechanic. Hyundai is not getting positive publicity after this report.
Kyle’s mistake was buying a EV.
Why everyone lies that EVs save money on fuel!? electricity on rechargers costs more then fuel
"We swim in a sea of words: we drown in an ocean of lies."  70% of EV battery production comes out of China.  When you find a system biased to EV technologies...who really is profitting?  Not the consumer.
This is beyond insane. I’ll keep my 2013 Honda Accord running. 302,000 miles still going strong. Soon, I’ll just replace the engine when it’s due.
Hyundai EVs parts are more expensive then of Tesla just like repairs
Wow sounds like a bunch of Rich people worried about a little scratch-LIve with it sheese what are you a wuss ????
Stay away from kid or Hyundai
Don't buy hybrids or EVs period. They are all dangerous.
Why would anyone even think of buying an EV?  All facts present in this video are well known..
I think they let out the battery price and can't let us not see it now   and we are freaked out!!!
Sounds like BS. Rewatching Sandy Monroe’s Ioniq 5 battery tear down, this feels like BS. That Hyundai Canada wants to get involved in all battery issues sounds like they think this is BS.  The actual batteries are protected by an “aluminum extrusion” plate, followed by SMC material. I can’t see with those photos how the battery could’ve been impacted.   Sandy Monroe associates say this is a “modular design” and DESIGNED to be “serviceable”. I don’t see why they couldn’t literally take the battery assembly out, and replace any modules they felt were impacted. This thing isn’t welded shut.  Also doesn’t make sense that a battery part could cost the price of the vehicle. How is that economical?
How can the battery possibly cost more than the car, which includes the battery? Are they taking a loss on every car they sell? Insanity.
EVs are ok, but it's still in the 'infant' stages. Would warranties for a car older than 2 yrs, cover the cost of a replacement battery? Doubt it.  There's no proper support or places where EV's can be charged (UK).☹ For the near future, I'll stick to petrol/diesel cars. 😇
Hyundai and Kia are junk cars and i would never own one. They're cheap for a reason. They failed to put in standard security equipment to prevent theft, they have made junk engines over and over again and now this. Why people continue to buy them is beyond me.
EV's are  scam
Take the cover off and inspect the battery!
Lesson learned, don't be a dope, don't buy an EV!!!!
I’ll keep my bus pass
Looks like another case of Democratic democracy at its finest...
I smell some nefarious doings in here. Not sure if it's the dealer or the ICBC agent or both involved but I'm really thinking someone's working a scam here! Also a no fault like this should NOT cause a loss of his insurance discounts (increase his insurance). This is why I suspect the ICBC agent is working some type of scam with the dealer.
Not just this poor fellas insurance, we will all be paying for this just incase we get in a minor accident and write off a 60000 or more car
This is why people lease these EV’s for 2 years instead of buying them.
if a protective cover is not able to with  stand a minor impact then is only a beauty cover
This kind of nonsense has the potential to put a huge chill on EV sales, which in the US have dropped along with much of the ICE vehicle market. Maybe you could do a report of the state of the Canadian market, supply/demand and pricing.
We have been looking at the Ionic, Model 3, Leaf. We are discovering so much smoke&mirrors with respect to getting questioned answered,  selling points with EV's. We've determined the risk are not worth the cost. So we are now out of the EV search.
Electric cars are the best. Right up to the point they aren't.
Don't buy any more electric cars.
Imagine buying a Hyundai electric car 😂
Don't be fooled by the EV scam. EVs are not saving anything. neither are they saving you from anything!!!
As always: stealership. Never trust the Stealer. The least knowledgeable people in the car business work at Stealers. Fact.
Compadre comprate un tesla
I think everyone needs to understand that almost all EV's the batteries are placed below the passenger area. With that in mind, if you ever run over anything where it impacts the under carriage you will be in this exact predicament. The manufacturer does not want to be liable for any possible injuries/death related to impacted batteries.
I got a new battery in my 2017 Chevy Bolt. I didn’t have to pay because it was part of a recall, but the dealer told me it would cost 20-22k if I had to pay for it.
ICBC is also a total scam. It’s not ‘insurance’ if they simply make you pay back any claims by doubling your costs. The whole point of insurance is everyone pays a little to more than cover the claims of others. With enough to also cover profits for the insurer. Now it seems like the insurer is just a loan company.
Electric cars a pathetic joke.
after watching this... how is an EV worth it? even if you don't run over anything - eventually you will have to replace that battery - and look at how much it costs to replace it. even if you sell it before the battery dies, anyone that knows the cost of replacing a battery would never buy a used EV. It's not worth it. IMHO, you can't make up the difference, even if you came from a gasoline powered vehicle you're not going to save 60k over it's lifetime of driving to validate the switch.
Meanwhile, Ioniq5 sales have just nosedived to 0. I will never buy one.
If Hyundai is this incompetent wuth respects to EVs, they shouldn't be selling them. No EV battery costs $60k...even Tesla's most expensive battery in the Model S Plaid costs $25k. Plus that "damage" was just a scratch. This was incompetence or a scam.
Show us the damage.
Great video guys! It exposes a quite few things about ev manufacturers: 1. The long term car warranty means nothing if it voids if batteries are impacted. One would imagine any accident would impact the battery. 2. The evs would be worthless once batteries warranty expires or whatever you have an accident. 3. 8-10 years down the road. It 16:50  would have millions of ev carcass all over earth which would do a lot of harm to the environment.
Very interesting. I own a GV 60 and I could be in this situation one day.. You are right. Why the cover protection did not protect the battery ?  A protection which is not protect is a Hyundiai's fault ! Hyundai did not check the battery condition either ! What a mess. Please Hyundai you are better than that !
People actually pay 55k for a KIA?  LMAO.  There really is a sucker born every minute.  It just goes to show how ignorant people are that they would drop that kind of money without doing ANY research on a vehicle and its reliability.
Key take-aways:  1. The battery protection cover/pad failed to protect the battery so they're voiding the battery warranty.  Kind of like saying "our product failed so we're voiding your warranty". 2, This is Hyundai being Hyundai. 3. Don't buy a Hyundai. 4. Don't buy an EV.  Why would the victim sign up for more of this garbage?  When you spend $50 k on a vehicle you should expect to be treated much better than this.
TL;DW - Should have purchased a Tesla Model Y.  Lesson learned.
another climate change hoax victom..wake up people...the EV is a joke..don't be a sucker
Don’t buy an electric car. This  is the moral of the story. Batteries inevitably deteriorate during normal use and will eventually need replacing, sooner or later. Therefore the used value should reflect this and to be practical the risk is far too high for the car, any fully electrical car, to be worth more than a peanut by its sixth year. As for insurance, if I was an insurance company I would refuse point blank to insure them due to an unacceptable risk or risks, whether from damage or fire or both.  Part of the expense of replacing a failed battery must be the disposal cost of the old one. A traditional engine can be repaired or recycled but a battery must be ‘disposed of’.
There are lots of stories involving costly EV repair.  The batteries degrade over time and the range diminishes. It is a huge cost to replace them, and people are not going to want to spend the required money on an old car.  In a couple of years, there will be tons of used Teslas for sale.  Be careful what you buy.
This is absolutely insane, how could the dealership even possibly think to charge him for a battery that cost more than the actual car. That's a dealership that was taking him for a ride and scaring him into thinking he should buy another car. I remember hyundai having issues back from the late 80's and always making cheap crappy cars that lost power that's why I never bought one. If anything hyundai should of replaced the battery for free for all the trouble and confusion to better the situation and to keep having come back. Word of mouth works and this is the kind of story that really leaves people choosing Ice cars over EV regardless of the improvements of technology and environmental impact.
Sounds a lot like they need a protection layer for the "protection layer" this is the dumbest gd thing I've ever heard of..
EV scam. Dealer voids warranty, insurer writes off car, dealership sells client new car at discount, dealer buys back car from insurer, fixes problem, resells original car.
The dealership doesn't want to be liable for any problems with the battery(fires)
That battery lists for $12,000, not $60,000.
Nice car. Should drop a 4 or 6 cylinder gas engine in it and call it good. EV’s will never make sense to the average joe.
What a bunch of BS
EV's are a scam.
Many cars are just written off for minor things . Insurance scam .
Something is very wrong. Didn't anybody see this? Look at the invoice - it looks like they added $50k to the price of the battery! It shows the battery at $6649.98
Just het the car checked over by an independent specialist, or do a deal with the insurance company to take a payout and get them agree to let you buy the car back. Then sell it or use it.
A Korean got PLAYED by a KOREAN COMPANY... 😂😂😂  ..  KYLE going to buy gasoline powered vehicle next.
The globalist environmental terrorists are taking over
Forget the insurance write off, explain how a battery can cost more than a new car, which has a battery already installed. They're implying the rest of the car has a negative value!  Scam!
Why didn’t Kyle just look under his car and just see that there were only minor scrapes then do nothing about it? This whole thing sounds super silly to me.. Can open, worms everywhere.   But yeah, battery replacement is stupid on these EV’s. That’s why insurance is insane on these cars. The EV movement will never catch on with all these hurdles in place.
I'll never buy another Korean car. They are just shady.
Screw the electric bullshit!!
The dealers do not want these jobs - they do not have the expertise, training and space for changing out an EV or Hybrid battery. That is why they quote outrageous prices and force the owner to buy another car, hopefully off their lots. This is the future of transportation - the wealthy will have their own vehicles, the rest of us will be walking, calling for a cab or uber.
This is insane.  EV's are going to be such a fail.
some people will never learn ,  its all a money racket fueled by tyrant governments
Gasoline for ever!
Glad people are buying EVs to save themselves money on gas! Lol! Nothing but headaches I'll stick to the gas motors for now until they come up with a better system and pricing
Don't buy an EV. Simple
There is absolutely NO WAY I will get into an EV given how crazy and disembodied the current market is behaving.  Completely insane story and along with poor range and high fire risk issues, how can any reasonable person consider this technology today?
I will NeVER  buy an EV
What in regular vehicle would be a scratch on oil pan end up being 60k damage on EV. Battery cost and durability is killing EV market.
A friend had a Lexus hybrid and it was clear it was worthless when the battery needed replacing given the replacement costs.
The owner did not mention if he actually experienced any problem with the battery. Was it charging as usual?  Very bad on Hyundai, stay away from them and their cars
This comment is just for the algorithm
Thanks for the story, we always knew Hyundai were bad cars no matter how many changes or upgrades they did! Their gas cars break down very fast as well! Never let the price of a Hyundai fool you! Their cars are very bad!
NIO have the best battery replacement system but still some americans dont want them to progress
YOUR BIGGEST KENYAN FAN, SUBSCRIBER, LIKER, COMMENTER RIGHT HERE, AS USUAL, 15/12/2023
And…the government controlled carbon tax keeps rising in Canada making fossil fuel vehicles increasingly unaffordable…?!
I don’t think the mechanics at the dealership are trained in battery diagnostic (physical) and even taking it apart. That would explain their reluctance to take it apart.
What did the insurer do with it? Give it to Hyundai?
That the battery is 57k is THE issue. Is that the price Hyundai needs to make a reasonable margin on it - I think it does or is very close to- then the cost of insurance on these vehicles is going to be very high and the life expectancy of these vehicles before being financially totalled is going to be far less than ICE vehicles.
The EV revolution in full wing,  ain't the future great? 🤣
Unbelievable an established auto manufacturer is still that incompetent
Ahh yes.......EV's dirty little secret. Guess how much it costs to replace the battery in a Ford Lightning truck? How about 45 GRAND!!! Don't believe me? Here is the part number: NL3Z10B759A. You have to be an absolute moron to purchase an EV. Depreciation is astronomical. However if you feel the absolute need to virtue signal you are better off leasing one.
It’s another example of dealership extortion and manufacture warranty bait and switch!
most environmental thing you can do is to buy a safe, non exploding older diesel car (2005-2015) Even gasoline can explode by a static spark...diesel is much safer. Ironically huyundai did produce a real nice 1,5 crdi diesel without pollution control (dpf) and with camchain. It was installed in a bunch of models 2005-2010 , getz being one of those. I have three getz diesels in the garge that cost me 2000usd each. Im set for life and not buying anything else.
Sandy Monroe’s company did a battery tear down for this exact car. Search a YouTube for “Ioniq 5 battery tear down.” Should be the first result.
this is major bad publicity. who would buy a ev from hyundai if they get treated like this
The worst automobile customer service I have heard of. Way to go Hyundai.
looking at that reciept, it looks like a typo or is there just not enough space? the battery says 6649.98 and the amount says 55649.98
Kyle’s first move should’ve been getting a lawyer involved.
I don't know about up there in Canada but because Teslas are likewise expensive as hell..there have been a VERY few specialty repair shops..to fix batteries without full replacement. Don't know if Hyundai's are set up similar battery pack wise but some electrical engineer could probably make a killing doing repairs
Hmmm, if you can afford the car, i am sure you can afford the price of running it,,
Anyone who has willingly forked out for an EV has been mugged off.  I would not have an EV given me.  Over priced garbage that are NOT GREEN at all…. What a con🤮
I suspect that neither the body shop or the Hyundai dealer wanted to be involved in a battery damage issue for exposure to future liability should anything go wrong with the battery.
It seems planned, by kia, why not a steel skid plate to protect a 60g battey, plastic sounds cheap and stupid, dont buy kia.
If your daft enough to buy one you deserve  all you get
So his insurance increasing rates significantly after each accident?
Guess hitting a speed bump too fast would total the car!
It's completely ridiculous that dealership didn't look under the cover.
Although I have been a big proponent of future technology and electric vehicles I won't be getting one until these things are solved.  I can't afford to be the one guy that buys an electric vehicle with a bad battery.  I don't have that kind of money to take that chance.
Aside all of engineering and dealer/manufacturer ethics questions. EVs are heavily subsidized. Replacement parts don't. It's not at the very list surprising that the battery costs more than a car. $58K is probably a "true" cost of the battery. And in EVs the battery accounts of about 80% of the whole vehicle cost. Just shows how much of a scam the whole EV market really is.
I am not a fan of conventional fuel but there isn't ANY viable alternative yet! An electric car is just a trap for the moment and they can become really dangerous. Imagine these cars 10-15 years from now! What will we do with those batteries?!?!? Will they explode here and there and injure people and damage other cars in the parking lot or what? They will damage the environment for sure. They already damage nature just by being manufactured... These cars are not at all "green". Humans are not thinking straight anymore...
The risk of being an early adopter
Outrageous story
This is a very sad story.  We the consumers are getting screwed by others.
It's about time companies and governments ditch battery tech and invest in fuel powered EV's I'm not really in the loop on hydrogen tech development and the viability of it but that or something similar would make a lot more sense and would need tons less change to existing infrastructure.
1 of many reason not to get a battery car.
What am I missing here? The quote doc says List Price and Net Price for the part is 6649.98 and the quantity says '1' but the total amount is 56,649.98. Where did the extra 50,000 come from?
Battery swap…….NIO!
I'm sure there are no dealer Techs trained to inspect batteries. Huge liability involved I'm sure. That's why they defer back to the manufacturer's warranty.
Sounds like a scam. I’d bet the dealership replaced the cover and resold the car as used for a bigger profit.
As a practical matter, over life of car, the under panels of a ordinary car get all kinds of sticks, stones, parking curb damage. In an EV when will this car life accumulation threaten battery safety?  A modular battery swapping model, like Ample is testing in China,  seems to be a great solution. Why wastefully salvage whole car?
I will NEVER own a Hyundai or Kia first Any electric is second.
My understanding is Tesla after one of their cars ran over a brick, switched to titanium to prevent these types of issues. As much as I dislike giving Musk money, his car seems to be the practical buy and the other manufacturers are bringing down the industry.
Tesla tesla tesla tesla tesla tesla
Insurance, fire risks, cack range, repair costs, initial costs and bringing down the electricity grid if even 1/2 of folks in Canada charge their cars at the same time. Now, if so much as a chipmunk bumps his head on the undercarriage of the car you're out 60 grand.  Climate change is real, just ask the wooly mammoths, climate profiteering is the problem.  Farging racket innit!
🤑🤑🤑 The Greeen Energy future! Orange you glad you fell for the great carbon pollution scam? 🤑🤑🤑
Ah but the climate alarmists and EV proponents want the rest of us to subsidize a technology that cannot stand on it's own merit.  They are like spoiled children.  I want... I want...I deserve to profess and be rewarded for my elitist  EV religion because "trust me it is for the greater good and saving planet from apocolypse" 😂😂  but in reality it is at everyone elses high expense.😢
Battery costs nothing like that amount……………….it’s all down to greedy dealer mark ups of cost X3 or cost X4.
This just proves EV’s are throw away vehicles when new batteries are required.
Idea of going green with EV will damage the earth faster than anyone could imagine because the cost of fixing is outright ridiculous. So, what does one do? It'll goes to landfill. ICE components cost fractions of that and people will keep the vehicle longer, hence...not going to landfill.
Take it to Rich Rebuilds. It can probably be fixed for under $200.
Kia and Hyundai are replacing or refusing to replace thousands of ICE. Thousands of their cars are so easy to steal insurance companies won’t write new policies. Why would anyone buy a vehicle from this Korean company?
Consumers needs info like this!  Thank you!
They gave me a 10% Coupon .....
My next car won’t be an EV.
I think there is a miscommunication.
$60,000   that's totally  insane..  it doesn't make sense when the car was  slightly cheaper in the first place.  seriously  wtf. i've not been keen at all on theses Ev's. so many things put me off. The battery price is a huge reason and the pissing about waiting for it to charge if you're wanting to recharge on a long road trip. also if it gets really cold then you can knock off Km  on its max distance on a charge.
My personal experience with Hyundai as it relates to an EV battery problems convinced me to avoid Hyundai EVs altogether.  I now own a Tesla EV.
Law should require car manufacturers to provide a list of common repairs and how much they cost before you buy a car. Really easy if our politicians were of any use
Again and again.   We are not ready for this type of tech.  They are nice, yes, but overpriced, with no chargers to use and have to get infrastructure completed.  Battery replacement is the big thing. They are expensive,  hard to recycle,  and hard to get.  You are screwed right  from the start.  Most people who buy them know ,within three years, they are dumping them off to the next sucker who thinks they are getting somethi g nice.  FJB
This shows why it's a bad idea to buy an EV from a manufacturer that their primary business is NOT manufacturing EV's. Tesla does not have dealers, they actually test the battery after being impacted, and battery replacements are around $10,000
Bro your wife doesn’t look happy❤😂 handle your business in the bedroom buddy
Electric cars are currently the biggest scam in the automotive industry and the government is right there helping out.😂
O my God  !!! That is so bad 👎
Oh yeah, this repair is gonna cost more than your car is worth, but you know, your car still works just fine!
That's why you don't buy a product pushed down your throat by the government.  Besides... you're not saying the environment. Makes you look very dumb.
Just another reason to give EV's a wide berth. many insurance companies around the world are giving EV's a wide berth also as the battery issue is a big problem. In the UK many insurers won't touch EV's because apparently it is very difficult to check a battery after any impact to see if it is compromised. Stick with petrol and diesel.
This is very simple. The owner should have purchased the dealer installed option for the battery protection cover for the battery protection cover. All jokes aside. We purchased a Hyundai and it was mechanical a good vehicle but the paint started peeling off all over the car. Car was garage kept, hand washed and waxed. Hyundai refused to fix it even though it was a known problem.  Every Hyundai dealership service department I had to visit  has been a huge disappointment in my experience.
So much for the environment, scrapping a brand new one year old car for a "maybe" battery concern. If such minor scratches causes concern for the integrity of the battery. An absolutely ridiculous battery replacement cost, the "what is seems" lack of repairability of these battery pack and as Kyle mentioned, what will be theresidual value of these car once the battery warranty is over just gave me the last argument to cancel my order for an Ioniq 5.
No thanks. I'll stick with diesel or petrol
Buy cars that are well known for not having issues. Otherwise there's a risk. Canada is weak in general
This issues isn’t unique to Hyundai ALL IF THE MANUFACTURERS are just as guilty of the same slimy practices to slide around warranting an EV battery issue. The truths are coming out, EVs are not the solution, not in their current form. Buyer beware, because after sale you’re on your own. As for the battery, why isn’t there a standard battery? We use to know how to make batteries that could easily be replaced when needed. This integrated battery thing started with Apple, making devices that are impossible to just replace the battery wear it’s worn out, it’s BS, there is zero reason why they can’t make the batteries in hand held products have easy to replace batteries. The same is true of EVs, there is no reason why the batteries are so difficult to replace it’s being done deliberately to force customers into buying a new product, because the replacement battery costs so much. Until EVs are forced to standardize the battery this problem with continue.
Amazing considering the cost to replace a Tesla battery can range from $10K-$20K to repair or replace.  Crazy!
Moral of the story, get a Tesla.
Wow, I wanted an Ioniq 5, but now I don’t want an EV at all.
Even here in Australia this vehicle company ALWAYS tries to RUN AWAY from warranty claims for legitimate issues with new vehicles..Steer well away from new NON JAPANESE vehicles is the BEST advice from my experiences.
High repair costs and traction battery thermal runaway that can burn down your house are only a few of the reasons WE DON'T WANT ELECTRIC VEHICLES!!!!!
I learned one thing after watching this video. Don't buy a Hyundai.
Ladies and gentlemen, Tesla is officially dethroned.
I thought EV was supposed to be cheaper in the long run? I'll keep to my gas vehicle for now.
Please for the love of God stop calling them hondais. It's hyundai.  There's a y there you have to say. Look up how to actually say. It's not a damn honda. Stop calling it a hondai.ffs
He shouldn’t have bought electric in the first place! I have NO sympathy with ANYONE who buys electric! They are one big scam not only that they are dangerous!
The first and biggest problem here in my opinion is that it costs 60K to replace a battery. That basically means, the resale value of these things will be abysmal, which destroys the value of switching to EVs. They will basically be max 2 owner vehicles before they are destroyed. Remember, under current circumstances, the EV is only better if you drive it for at least 5 to 6 years to offset its production emissions.
Hyundai is unprepared for the EV world. The dealerships and corporate are being dragged unwillingly. These cars are not that well made and no one at the dealerships has any idea what they are looking at when it comes to repairs. He should have bought a Tesla and I bet his next EV is a Tesla because they are an actual EV manufacturer
Sounds like the dealership followed the mfg guidelines.  Also, dealership doesn't want the liability if they say the battery is ok & then down the road the car catches fire and burns down a house or parking garage.  "The dealership said it was fine & not to worry"  - Think the battery expensive now, wait a few years when that battery is no longer made......EV's are not green, cradle to grave way worse than ICE.
So this is why you should NOT buy a EV
Oh boy. You know this story is going boost EV sales…. NOT!
How does a replacement battery cost more than a new car complete with identical battery?  It’s a scam, just like the whole Net Zero narrative.  The government and these companies are taking the Pi$$.
There appears to be something a little haywire with that dealer invoice. It shows the list and net price for the battery as $6649.98 but somehow the amount for the battery shows as $56,649.98. Could it just be a simple typo that no one caught or followed up on?
NO EV FOR ME!
LFP or SOLID STATE is the answer. Stay away from liquid battery
I'll never buy a Hyundai
Nice video guys! Shame tho! This will never happen to me. I will never buy an electric car. I just bought a 2023 V8 Camaro.  I do car about the environment,  but I care about me MORE! 😀
I'll wait 5 to 6 more years before I buy any EV cars, they are still in experimental stages right now 😊😊😎😎
This is a big problem now with  EV vehicles so I would said let’s keep using fossil fuel until there is no more.
I don't understand the invoice quote. It says 1ea battery at 6649.98, yet the line total is 56,649.98. That didn't add up no matter what the quantity is.
$60K in Canada bought me a  new Ford 2022 F-150 XLT 4 door 4wd truck! $60k for  a  battery for  a small suv grocery getter? The gas version of that suv is $20K cheaper. Your never going to save $20k in gas to make up the extra  cost .  In  5 years time what is a Used EV worth as a trade in with a 5 year old battery in it?
Another reason not to by Hyundai.  That being said, all dealers will fight warranty claims.
I think the dealership screwed him. When a dealership says 'might' cause some horrible event, they are using scare tactics to generate some profit for the service department. Hyundai is actually covering up with all their 'We're working to' blah, blah, blah crap instead of coming right out and saying the dealership didn't follow the procedure for battery replacement that Hyundai stipulates, so you're screwed.
You might think if the manufacturer is *that concerned* about a one-centimetre gap in a battery shield, that a warranty claim should pay for at least the inspection of the battery, and if need be, a swap-out so the old battery doesn't become a lithium bomb.  Charge labour if you must, but at least the customer doesn't get a permanent record as a reckless driver with the insurance boards.
Keep drinking the Kool-Aid!
Why did he take the car to the shop? What was the complaint? What if he just kept driving it?
The bigger picture for me is when they started to mandate everthing to limit and force my choices its a bad idea. History repeats itself. 😎👍
That is really a strange story since there are companies out there offering to convert your ICE vehicle to an EV for about 12,000.
A person must be very naive not to have foreseen this outcome.
There's so many sad stories about EV's and it has prevented me from switching.  Just the hot fire if, battery catches fire and water can't put it off is a no go for me.
Repair shops charge based upon the value of the repair to the customer and how bad do they need the repair, not the acutal cost of repair.  Without that battery, that car is a pile of scrap metal.  From your video, I don't think the battery was actually impacted.  I think the repair shop needed money.  Would anyone buy a gas powered car if the engine & transmisison had to be replaced every 7-10 years?  That appears to be what happens with EVs   Sounds like the owner could buy the car new, pull the battery out and sell it for $60k, scrap the car for a little more money and make still a profit!   In the past, I've been told I needed a new engine based upon the sounds the mechanic was hearing (the sound was actually from a faulty transmission).  I was told I needed a cat converter and EGR valve based upon high NOx readings and not any troubleshooting on their part (caused by a vacuum line disconnected).  Both occasions, I got a 2nd opiinion and those mechanics were 100% wrong.  I alway try for a 2nd opinion anytime I'm quoted a high repair cost.
First of all, Kyle made the first mistake of buying an EV. The second mistake he bought one from a known shady company. But thank you Kyle for showing us all what not to do. And get Hyundai, you have no idea how much of a problem this one scam will do to your business. I personally will never buy one of your vehicles. And this video is eye opening.
Wait, isn't there an error in the invoice 😂 battery should be 6.649,98 instead of 56.649,98
This guy is being shafted by everyone, period.
It sounds like the car is just fine and they could have just kept driving it.
Anyone else notice the LIST and NET amounts are 6,649.98, but the Amount is 56,649.98  (Think they just added an extra "50,000" for no reason, or is it a typo?  - Minute 3:27 of the video   (And yes, the quantity is listed as "1")
Disposable car!😂
I'll say it again EVs are gonna drain lots of people from their hard earnings once your warranty runs out and you have an unfortunate event.
Bro get a lawyer
0:20 what about the battery warranty… My 2021 Tesla has a warranty until 2029 or 192000km or 120000miles…🫣
Motormouth acts like they are experts on this case and that the dealership should’ve paid for the new battery. Wtf are you guys on? Why don’t you just put your money up for a new battery or the lawyer if the battery was impacted and does start on fire eventually? Please just do it and give him the 60k since it’s so easy to do.
I’ll keep my fleet of 3 v8 and diesel trucks until I can’t get fuel, clearly going electric isn’t wise at this time.
EVs are the automotive equivalent of a laptop computer. Such a scam.
BEVs are like inkjet printers. You basically pay the battery and you get the car for "free".  I'm still holding out for couple of years with my ICE vehicle. I'm not an offroad person, but every now and then there's always something on the road, especially during storms and other poor weather conditions. Or on roads without tarmac. Normally, this doesn't damage the car beyond maybe a few scratches on the underside (never had a broken oil sump or something).
Why bother to do anything with car? Car drives normally and there's no issue with battery! It's just battery cower which any decent body shop can fix! Keep driving and enjoy your car!
KIA = Killed In Action lol
Sure, technically they are dealing with a dealership, but the dealership should handle everything with the manufacturer.
The fact that a replacement battery, regardless of the reason why it needs to be replaced, costs $60k is absolutely ridiculous.  Knowing these cars are basically disposable at this point should deter anyone from ever buying one.  The environmental hazards from all these batteries is going to be a huge problem in the future.  These automotive companies apparently are in the business of selling batteries, not cars, because according to the replacement cost, the rest of the car is basically worthless.
Just buy a new car.
Dealership = stealership.
I wonder if they're going to crush that car, or "Salvage" it by bending the guard back into place and retailing it??
You can take your EV and shove it. They destroy the environment.  Hyundai and Kia are 2 of the worst car makers going.  If you buy one of their vehicles, you are on your own.  People need to stop buying those vehicles.
Thank you. I was thinkin to buy EV next year and Hyundai was on short list. But I have to rethink and Hyundai is out forever.
EVs are JUNK! Do not buy one!
The damage to the bottom of the car could have been damaged by Hyundai when they go with the shipment to the dealer and they backed it off the car hauler as the tracks that the wheels role in to back could have very easily scraped the bottom of the car or the cross support's on the car hauler could have scrapped the bottom of the car as they stick up a few inches higher than where the wheel's role on and the car is really low to the ground. Would go to the dealer on days when they get shipment's and watch them unload the cars and see if the cars scrape the car hauler when they come off the trailer. My sister bought a Hyundai and the car hauler that brought her Veloster ran one of the 18" wheel's into the car hauler and never noticed they broke the bead off the wheel on the car hauler trailer's wheel track's but Hyundai went good for the $2000 wheel and tire cost on the Veloster as the car hauler is what damaged the brand new car's wheel! I would bet them scrape's happened at the dealer unloading the car at Hyundai dealer for our situation. They should have to give him a new Ionic5 and deal with the insurance for him or they may eat shit when people see the dealer is raping the for $61,000 and change for a battery!
If a scratch makes the battery compromised then the car is not built safely. Scratch hyunday on shopping list.
Hyundai/Kia is a huge joke.  I will stay with my Toyota Hybrid.  Toyota is a lot of trustworthy compare to Hyundai/Kia.
Kyle had trust for the dealership....says everything about Kyle.
I actually wanted a Hyundai ionique for my next car. He had a warranty. The dealership didn't honor it, that's expected. Corporate didn't honor it.  That's all I need to know.
This reeks of scam.  And even if it there isn't some kind of subterfuge happening, it takes a really poor design for a little road debris strike to damage a battery through a plate.  The plate should be design to protect the battery under any reasonably forseeable events and things like rocks and metal chunks do exist on the road and are not an uncommon encounter to the belly of a car.  And 60 grand for a battery for a 55 grand car?  How does that even happen?  The original car had a battery in it, along with at least 20-30 grand worth of other car parts.  When a new ford blows a head gasket or a new chevy's transmission falls apart, those are jobs that might cost a quarter to half the price of the car.  Seems like that's on the same level as a battery probably should be.
Dealership must been at fault. So shady...
So if you do enough social media you can get a real deal
New technology new scams.
Where are the consumer advocates like Ralph Nadar back in the day. If the battery can explode after suffering an impact then the consumer should be protected. Ralph Nadar killed the Ford Pinto because the gas tank could explode on impact and he stopped Chevrolet from making the rear engine Corvair because it became unstable at highway speeds.
The protection of the battery is not fit for purpose design not good  This is manufacturing fault so is a complete scam
Im happy with my 1995 mustang, takes me where I want to go and I rebuilt the engine , transmission and entire suspension myself and costs half of just the labor on that battery install! I been driving used cars my whole life and never looked back! now I have a boatload of cash I saved in the bank for my troubles!
I am good with gas car. Will plan to buy EV after 10 years from now.
As the smoke starts to clear on the excitement these new electric cars have brought....now we find the downsides that people were warned about are now becoming common knowledge through real world experience. Went to a charge station the other day and all slots taken.....how long will i have to wait i wonder
Another benefit for Tesla. No dealerships. The information goes directly to support/engineering to improve the process.
If the car was still charging,and discharging normally  why worry? I think everyone went looking for trouble.
So a road hazard that you can't miss (drive off the road and crash) damages your car, this voids your warranty and your insurance doubles for ten years.  WTF kind of insurance do you folks have?  Great report, have seen many reports like this on EV cars. No thanks.
your first mistake is buying a Hyundai kia
Can't blame the dealer for wanting to replace the battery. It's a liability issue. Lithium batteries have a nasty habit of catching fire for no very good reason. Still ridiculous that they want to charge that much.
This is moronic. The cost to replace is a made up number that says they don't want to provide the parts or trust the dealer to do it. The warranty as well -DOESN'T COVER CAR ACCIDENTS. If you had a gas vehicle and drove over something that damaged the oil pan and totalled the engine, that doesn't fall under warranty. That cover did it's job and it's potentially a tribute to the engineering that it drove away if it did hit the battery.   We don't know it was perfectly good - they said it isn't based on their proceedure. They probably have a blanket policy that if you said you hit the battery with something, the default to it's bad so it doesn't burn down later from a cascading fault.   Newer batter tech close to production is going to eliminate the fire risks. But unfortunately that's a thing. They are also now starting to recycle the batteries. But it surely sucks for a freak accident to total a car that seems okay.
Car insurers write off EVs with minor accident damage 🤔
Dealerships act that way... any "damage" is justification for "new parts"...  I would make a battery inspection in a independent shop... maybe that damage is not enough to justify the battery change... for what it is shown, I would not change if it was my car...
Sounds like a lot of excuses from the dealer and from Hyundai.  What exactly is the dealer's excuse for not trying to solve this problem with the manufacturer for the customer?  Going forward Hyundai wants to handle this better?  Sorry how about handling your poorly designed product/service model/dealership priorities for this customer?  Perhaps they just don't deserve to be in business.
And fools keep buying them
The lesson here is to buy the car, plus a truck and trailer for it so it doesn't come into contact with any road hazards
No one should buy EVs until the car companies figure out all these issues. The more product that’s left on their balance sheets, the faster they’ll fix it.
Unbelievable, another brainwashed kid buying an overprice EV to help the planet. What a joke!!!! I wonder if all the people that buy EVs, and/or Solar Panels thought about what intel creating the battery, disposing the battery, and the irony of all, charging their vehicle in their home or going to a charging station using the electricity from the grid which is maintained by oil/coal/nuclear, etc. How about waiting hours to charge when there are several people waiting in line?. I wonder how many of the 1% that pushes this type of garbage with private Jets or Boats stopped using them to help the planet. Without a doubt a very expensive virtual signaling.
EVs are a complete grift on virtually every level
Well, my mind is made up.  My next vehicle will NOT be an EV.
Seeing videos like this, makes me love my Toyota that much more.
Just buy Tesla and tsla stock.
At time stamp 14:35 this is the biggest reason to avoid battery powered cars.  Everyone should hear this.
As soon as you go through a dealership, auto repair shop and insurance companies, it's quadrupled in cost, everyone wants their piece of the action no matter what the product is. Home, auto, glasses, dental.....the list goes on and on how big business and insurance companies beat the consumer up every chance they get, you can't win this game.
Sorry I don't understand the write-off part. So Kyle paid ~50k to buy, then the incident, and the insurance did not want to repair because it was more expensive than the purchase price. Then Kyle sold the car to get it totaled. My question is did the insurance company pay to Kyle 50k (purchase price)? Does his insurance payment increase double in the next 10 years?
Absolutely amazing, that you brought this to the masses. Dealerships, sorry STEALERSHIPS,  can't trust, Don't trust them and never will. As far as I'm concerned there's no need for them, they don't do anything for you anyways.
Thanks for the video. I enjoyed it.
Sounds like valid reasons to bypass evs for now until these companies get reasonable policies and prices in place.
if you fix the rusty fuel lines and the air coditioner on your 1989 Buick Park Ave then you can keep driving it. yea the gas mileage is not good but overall its still cheaper than a new battery on a Hundee😂🎉
Excellent expose!
Slimeball tactic's like this are why my entire family has vowed to never own an electric car.
This is a feature of EV,s not a bug. Those pushing the mandating of these things hate the freedom and mobility a modestly priced ICE gives the average person. When you factor in the impact of mining, manufacturing and disposing batteries, it’s doubtful EV,s are better environmentally.
More proof that going all EV  would never work.
By the way, don't buy EV, just not worth it.
The only time these cars are better for the environment is when they drive.  The entire process from procurement of raw materials thru disposal?  Not so much
Screw electric ! Never buying one it’s a scam. Anyways wouldn’t touch a Hayundi 😂
i guess the lesson learned is, if you run over something in an ev , say nothing to insurance and dealer, and dump it on some other dealer or some other sucker.
lol!
You buy a battery package with a 30% off  and with a free car. If you wnat to replace your battery, you will pay more and much more than you think.😂
How good is for environment to replace a car battery? Isn't that a form of pollution? ....
Just don’t buy hyundai any more, and shopping for a different insurance company. That’s why I don’t like the electric vehicle unless there is no more gasoline vehicles in the country any more.
They got to pay all them raises the auto union just demand.  Anyways, if they didn't recommend the battery be swapped out and a couple weeks later it went up in flames yall would be making a video crying about why they didn't replace the battery.
It wouldn't have all this nonsense if he bought a Tesla👌🏻That’s for sure👍🏻
Raising his insurance rate by 50% for this is highway robbery.
lol so what’s the point of the protection cover if not to protect the battery? So protection cover damage equates to battery damage? Seems like they should probably move the battery to a different location then. Cause driving in America with a lot of our terrible roads with pot holes, debris and etc. there’s no hope for people with these electric cars. Crazy
If you want to make a greater carbon impact buy an EV - if you think it’s greened then a gas engine then you form a large part of our dumb sucker species 🤷‍♂️🤪👍 anyone with a brain or a cell phone knows Lithium batteries die quick 😜
I was looking at a Ioniq 5 and ended up with a fully loaded CRV Hybrid for less money even with the EV rebates.     Getting around 40 mpg with an AWD glad I went this way instead I would be pissed if this happened to me.
My home battery was as expensive as an secondhand car. It's stationary for a reason. My aygo runs 700km on a single tank of gaz.
When is this EV scam going to be over!
If batteries were sold separately, EV buyers would understand what a bad financial choice it is.
Well there you go....... is there really any saving. Don't forget, what about his home electric bill to charge up the car the last year, do u really save any money ....wow all this Hassle over a EV car battery, make u think.
It's just risk mitigation, company doesn't want to be liable in case the battery exploded. Also third party battery replacement is not available so supply and demand factor is at play here 😒
Too bad, if we have reliable public transportation in Canada， I don't even wanna drive a car.
and to make matters worse, that car looks like 💩
EV makers know this battery/damage issue is going to make EVs unaffordable. EVs are un-repairable. Period. Hybrid cars buried their batteries deep inside the body of the car, making damage much less likely. EVs can't do that. The number and space of batteries for usable millage EVs mean these batteries can only go in the floor of the vehicle, making them susceptible to any slight damage making them unsafe, requiring the car be totaled. EVs will have 2 crash damage modes, totaled and surface damage to body panels. There is no way to "work" through this, or engineer it out of current battery technologies. EVs won't be affordable for at least 50 years, when we will by then have batteries that are more affordable, hold more energy, and don't turn into 4000 degree blow torches that burn everything around them after an accident.
This should be on global news.
Good thing Tesla is the better more proven EV. Also, dealership techs choose to be part replacers instead of technicians. Replacement batteries would be between 4000 and 8500 dollars if I ran an automaker. It's the same price as a remanufactured gasoline engine.
Do not buy an EV Vehicle, they will rip you off.
coming from a EV owner:  this comes to show that the EV culture/industry is still trying to find its way.   I'm encouraged with all the technology and the recycling so far.   Insurance will be an evolution in itself I believe.
Excellent video!  Great reporting and advice. It exposed the dirty secrets in the industry.    ICE makers make EVs to break your bank and force you to go back to buy ICE cars.  Don't buy EVs? Buy EVs but maybe consideing makers only makes EVs.
lol excellent
Funk battery operated vehicles.  This is bull what they are saying.  If car manufacturers are making cars like this where you kit a little rock under your car and its void warranty.  Then buy a gas vehicle.  Its a gimmick.
The problem we have here, and for all electric vehicles is that the manufacturers are applying their usual 1000%+ markup for spare parts, to the batteries.  It is patently obvious that the replacement batteries do not cost more than the car brand new.   There is a disconnect than can be easily addressed by the bean counters at the manufacturers whereby they only make 100-200% markup on cost replacement batteries and keep the customers happy - surely cheaper to retain a customer than the literal billions of dollars they spend on marketing to attract the customer in the first place.  It never ceases to amaze me, the ability and efficiency of the motor vehicle industry to turn a happy customer who will advocate for you and be a repeat customer, into a disgruntled one that won't!
And people wonder why most do not want to deal with the headaches of the EVs.
TCO - Total Cost of Ownership.  EV cars might be great at the beginning.  But as mentioned, what will be the cost of replacing batteries over the life of the vehicle - whether scheduled End of Life, or sooner due to damage or premature failure?   Even at some percentages of $50k (1/3, 1/2), who's going to spend that on a 5-10 yr car.   So are all EV cars really only a several year, less than 100k mile vehicle?
His biggest mistake was trusting the dealership. His second biggest mistake was not getting a second unbiased opinion. His 3rd biggest mistake was not contacting Hyundai head office and asking to customer relations to look at this situation. NEVER TRUST A CAR DEALERSHIP SERVICE DEPARTMENT!!! They are not your friend!!!
Stay away from EV cars
This reeks of dealer or corporate scam. Trying to screw the customer to recoup losses due to lower than expected EV sales. Then, at the same time, get a very late model vehicle back that they can buff out the scratch or replace the cover for a few hundred dollars and resell the car at top dollar as a late model low mileage used car. Basically they are selling the same car 3 times at a premium price. Once when the guy bought it new, the a second time when insurance paid the "repairs" the a third time when they sell it used at only a couple of years old.  This sounds like a job for a lawyer to dig into the company and see if it's a company pattern ripe for a multi-million dollar lawsuit.
Pretty sure the battery cover was designed to protect the battery - and it did. The 60K replacement price is outrageous. Battery that size should cost less than half that amount, Canadian. Most dealerships are money sucking black holes. Don't feel  bad Kyle, when I was your age the insurance cos raped me too. Cheers! :-)
This is why I would NEVER buy a full Electric car, who would want to buy a second hand full electric car with say, 50,000 mile on it, NO ONE, so you are left with a car that you can’t sell, because no one in there right mind would buy it, your just throwing your money away buying one of these cars.
DON'T buy an electric car.  They are a rip off.
So many of the claimed benefits of owning an EV seem to be just misinformation on a grand scale.
Yep, the problem with EV damage is in fact that the battery can explode or just start burning while the car is parked in your garage. Not sure if anybody would want to take the risk that the car just starts burning while in the garage of your house in case you had an incident.
Just another reason to avoid EV’s like the plague.
Well that does it, no EV's for me.
Think about it. The battery couldn't possibly cost more than a brand new car because the brand new car includes the battery.
Don’t buy electric trash, that way you don’t have to deal with this 💩
It's a BLATANT SCAM! Insurers and Dealers working together to SCREW MOTORISTS! My advice, buy a used ice vehicle, don't buy an electric car. Due to the amount of Electric vehicles spontaneously combusting lately, for no apparent reason, I would err on the side of caution anyway. There are some people getting VERY RICH from this climate terrorism, DON'T participate in their SCAM!
Same with Mercedes not only battery but also the aircon system breaks down and needed to replace every two years with exorbitantly higher cost. No more buying electrical cars. Regret buying so called prestigious Mercedes plugged in electrical car.
Dealers scams damage car brand. They all need to go away from dealer model to direct sales and service like Tesla. Solution review the issue and start drop dealerships licensing move to direct model
Why would you want one? Ev’s are a pipe dream in their current setup.
I am not excited about the EV market.  I want a car that I don't have to worry about parking in the garage.
It’s really a shame Hyundai and Kia make nice looking cars ! But you really gotta think twice before you put down your harder money . way too many problems with Hyundai and Kia to spend my money on .
This story has an underlying, more sinister intent.  Handcuffing, and making it unreasonable, to own a vehicle…taking away your right to travel, and move about freely.  The reason for insurance is to cover costs of unseen repairs.  The insurance entity, in this case, ICBC, is liable to repair this vehicle.  If there was an issue with insuring this vehicle, then ICBC should have told Kyle that they were unable to insure at the unset, when the vehicle was purchased.  I would be taking ICBC to court.  Tired of insurance companies trying to wriggle out of repair costs, by putting the blame on the owner.  Eye for an eye.  ICBC happily took your bloated insurance premiums, and banked it.  $60,000 is not an “oh, well, darn” moment…it’s a “someone is gonna pay” moment.  When governments are trying to dissolve ICE vehicles from the roadways, and force its residents to conform to “new standards”, and “save the planet” green solutions….then it is their obligation to repair it.  ICBC is not a privately owned insurance company…..it IS government infrastructure, and should NOT be a cash cow for revenue.  Tax dollars are collected from every BC resident for building and MAINTAINING safe roads and highways in our province.  If an accident occurs, due to the negligence of road maintenance, then perhaps this is an avenue to persue in court.  The corruption is astounding, and the lack of outrage and protests is even more outstanding.  Hold governing bodies responsible for corruption, they work for YOU!
LMAO at people buying hyundai and kia because they're affordable. There's a reason they're so cheap...
Well…WELCOME TO THE EV WORLD…DOES ANYONE REALLY WANT A EV…FOOL!
BS the thin plastic cover is not meant  to prevent damage to the main battery. Show a pic of the actual damage to the main batter.
Another video, and just another confirm for what we all already know, every single company will try to rip off money from their customers, not just EV cars, every car maker will try to do that, but with EV cars ripping off money is way easier.
Typical car dealer , Get someone vulnerable Rip them off get the  insurer  to back up the dealer , would NOT encourage me to buy an EV going forward .
I'd be curious how much the battery truly cost.  Dealers sell at list price, that is not the same as cost.  Some industries mark up parts, especially tech parts as much as 400%.  So in the end, it's greed once again causing issues.  That battery may have cost Hyundai as little as $15k, and they should be able and willing to scale the price to help customers instead of robbing them.   I'm also surprised that this dudes insurance would double for the next ten years for this.  Is Canadian insurance that strick or was this guy already high risk?
Where’s the profit in selling a vehicle when the battery cost more than the vehicle?  Obviously it’s selling the battery at an overinflated price.
In September of 2023 I hit a large chunk of metal that came off of a truck in front of me. The impact ripped open the transfer case on my AWD Acadia. Cost to replace, $4200 USD, insurance paid $3950. EV? No thank you.
I almost bought one boy did I dodge that bullet. Hyundai used to be a company that stood behind there product apparently not any more. Looking at the scratches on te battery protection cover look superficial at best. What good is a protection if it doesn’t protect. Do your self a favour buy a Toyota or a Honda all the rest suck
No inspection that. scratches on the protection pack removes warranty then why fit a protection pack at all
Excellent reporting! I have an opposite story regarding Kia and my 2016 Soul EV+. Battery degradation was IMHO was a huge issue. When new, the average range was just less than 100 miles (summertime - conservative driving). Earlier this year Kia replaced the battery (with a slight upgrade to 30 kilowatts) under warranty when the car was only getting an estimated range of around 50 miles. It did take several trips to the local dealership to document, but Kia did step up to cover the battery. I did ask and the dealership said the battery replacement would have been around $17K (US), but I don't have any documentation to prove that price.    I’ve seen other stories of EV’s that have been driven extreme miles, but those vehicles needed battery replacements and even motor replacements.  Things need to change and not have a disposable mindset from corporations.  I agree with Kyle’s stance on whether to purchase another Hyundai (or other EV in the future) if a global corporation treats any customer like this.    Thank you for being an important sounding board.
Imagine driving down the road in a EV everyday worrying about scratches and warranties then suddenly hit the ‘Prince’ of potholes.🤔🙄
This is another nail in the coffin for the already plummeting electric car sales.  Add to this the fact that most electric car models are incredibly low to the ground, increasing the risk that the battery guard may incur some damage at some point, causing the battery warranty to become void.
Haha, enjoy your electric cars…
Wow a dealer that knows what they are doing or even cares. Typical…. Keep making noise in the long run. Hyundai doesn’t need people to think that they won’t cover their battery.
What happened to the car, was it resold with a salvage title?
The unswerving is simple, buy Tesla EVs. Problem with all dealerships that the try to make money on anything. They are scammers
It’s a scam. Period.
Screw EV... Do not buy EVs.
Stick with honda and toyota
Moral of the story, don't buy a Korean ev
Why would anyone buy a Kia/hyundai electric car? Tesla seems to be the best option for electric
Wrong decision by Hyundai. That $60k will cost them $60  million due to losing customers. Poor decision. A lot of people will watch this. They are better of honoring their warranty.
Not surprised at all. The internet is full of similar horror stories about Kia and Hyundai ICE and Ev's. I don't get why people keep buying from them
Automakers NEED to: 1: State how long their battery should last and 2: behind their battery claims.  If they say that their battery should go 500,000 miles or more, they need to stand behind that or not make that claim.  If what they say is true, yes they will be replacing a few batteries gratis, but most will not need replacing and thus 1: not be a risk to them, due to the law of large numbers, but just a known expense 2: won't be the major sky high risk to the owner which it is now.  Fear of battery replacement cost is a major consideration for EV's, and more so for used EV's which does diminish the value of EV's in general.
I'd never buy an EV after hearing all these battery costs and issues. Sticking with ICE for the foreseeable future.
The other problem is the insurance company. Even if this was a different issue, who the hell wants to pay double their premiums because they have a claim?
Stay away from EVs. The potential good done for the environment by driving one is in no way comparable to the damage done by the battery's construction.
Hyundai needs to be sued.
Ev is not ok like it or not plain truth
I bet the dealer buys this car at auction and replace the plastic cover and sell it again!
There are many, many things odd with this story. It appears from the invoice that this price was provided by a collision center and not a dealer. Looking up that part number puts the actual cost around $40K (still enormous), which is a 50% markup by the collision center. It appears that Kyle is being gouged by the collision center and should report this to Canadian officials. The collision center is obviously involved in insurance fraud (this is not the only time they have done this type of thing). You guys keep referring to what the dealership should have done, but was a dealership even involved? It appears that this was between the collision center and insurance.
Mais Bon Dieu pourquoi n’a t’il pas acheté TESLA !
It’s really a shame. Unless you’re a brand snob Hyundai and even Kia make really REALLY good cars. But they’re being horribly let down by their dealer network.  I had a turbo Sonata several years ago and I really really liked the car. I wanted to get another Hyundai but the financial incentive wasn’t there. It didn’t make sense. When I decided to go to another brand the way the dealer treated me was horrible. The manager basically talked to me like he was a mobster and said I would be liable if I returned my lease car early even though the other brand was gonna pay the outstanding payments. The dealer said that the car will go to auction and if it didn’t fetch more than the residual I would be responsible for the difference and he then essentially said they would rig the auction to screw me over.   It was the most horrible experience I ever got from a dealer and as a consequence I’ll NEVER get another Hyundai or Kia.
Remember the Rivian repair from a small accident being $20k, the Ford Lighting failure rate on batteries and now this.  I will never own an EV.  And especially not the range anxiety.  Hybrid is the way to go and I do not see ICE vehicles going away any time soon, legislation or not.
There isssssssssss  nooooooooo  wayyyyyyyyy I would buy a Hyundai EV ionic 5 because there’s always ‘a catch’ to having a 10 year warranty. The slightest issue can void out that, supposed, best warranty in the industry.
The dealer ripped off customer!
But it makes the tree huggers feel so good.
If I would be buying any electrical car, it would have been Hyundai. but seeing this, I'd delay for as long as possible the purchase of an electrical car. Hyundai was so far the only mature and affordable brand producing EV's. seems there is still a lot of work needs to happen before EV's are equal to engines with a combustion engine.
this is why i wont be buying an electric vehicle anytime soon
This is going to become the normal in Ev cars … replacement of battery is more costly than a brand new vehicle and warranty only 10 years ……. I recently had my  Veloster N car for a month in the dealership for warranty repair parts and no loaner offer. I reached Corporate Hyundai  and they were able to reimburse me for the rental car fees the Dealer didn’t  want to honor … another problem in the US is that there isn’t many charger stations available and mostly the ones available are Tesla .
Another reason to keep my old good diesel car for years in this stupid era.
Dealer: this is the long range version.   Customer: so it will last a long time  Dealer: no, not at all
The EV industry is comprised of four elements:  electrons, neutrons, protons and MORONS...
Those batteries are packed full of very expensive rare earth metals. I'd consider the battery replacement costs and difficulty in manufacturing before buying one.  Replacing batteries will likely lead to EVs being treated like power tools, you simply toss them out when you need batteries... How eco friendly is that?!
And thanks to the big brains in government, this shit is being forced onto us. What a joke
The dealership is either dumb or actively trying to screw electric vehicle owners because they know it will hurt their shop business over time.
It goes to show how bigger POS an EV is.
Lesson be learned, don't buy an EV vehicle! It will cost you more money in the long term!
i wouldn't buy another one.
In the UK this would be covered by car insurance. If the car is too expensive to be repaired, it’s written off and the owner is given the market value of the car. If the owner hasn’t paid to protect his no claims bonus, then it’s his fault if his future premiums are impacted.
The labour would be pricy, since the the dealer will not have an assembly line of robots to do the swap.
How much does Hyundai pay for the original battery … do you just buy a battery and they “throw in a car” with it???  I want to “believe” that EVs are a good thing but I’ve seen a lot in my 74 years and I am not convinced!  I’ve heard similar stories with Tesla as for now I’m running with gas ⛽️
It seems that we shouldn't purchase any electrical car
The kind of "accident" that you wouldn't even notice in an ICE car.
The battery protection plate needs its own protection plate.   Battery replacement and rising insurance costs are being exposed.
Feel bad for Kyle, he lacked the foresight of escalating. I guess that only comes with more life experience. Shame on Hyundai. I will certainty never buy an EV just based on this event. Kyle could actually make money on this situation, setting the car on fire live for the world to see. Hyundai would buy the car back and give him a new one with the threat of bad publicity before he burned it up. He would only need help from a professional youtuber to get the world talking about it.
Totaled… by hitting something in the road… ouch…
I'd bet neither one of these folks know how to spell "stupid". Ford Cmax Hybrid that gets 48 MPG and never needs to be plugged into anything, has a range of 550 miles and runs on Battery or engine or both automatically, has 180 HP, and every toy you can imagine including navigation and Bose radio. The replacement battery INSTALLED is $2500 brand new with a guarantee of 8 years and a historic life of over 14 years. These have been available since 2013 starting at $21,000. The last was made in 2018. Ford now makes them as a Focus.  Hybrid is the perfect segue to convert to all electric. It needs NO CHARGING STATIONS, can run exclusively on battery but never leaves you stranded waiting for a recharge.
Wouldn't touch an electric car, people are blindly walking into these nightmares.
Nothing green about this particular vehicle. What a waste of natural resources.
I think it was a righteous move by Hyundai: if you want to be an envirosocialist, let your checkbook scream as much as you do.
EVs are just woke homosexual scams. Woke idiots are getting scammed left, right and center. This is just another manifestation of "get woke, go broke"
ALL OF THIS IS SO WRONG.  IF THAT WAS A GAS POWER CAR THIS WOULD NOT HAVE BEEN AN ISSU
The list price of the battery is $6649.98 LIST and the same in NET but something has gone horribly wrong with the invoice how can it be $56,649.98 in Amount. Take a look look at the labour charge $1599.50 is in LIST same in NET and the same in AMOUNT  $1,599.50 were the has the other $50,000.00 come from. Also the insurance company should have picked up on this as well as the the owner, I would have definitely spoken to the dealership and ask them to clearly explain the discrepancy, also Hyundai Canada clearly did not pick this up either, this has to be clear miss calculation in the invoice and has ruined his insurance and written off a perfectly good car. If I was the owner I would get legal help as soon as possible and fight this obvious mistake.
Almost all South Koreans living in Canada don’t even own a Hyundai. What does that tell you? Genesis dealerships are embedded within a Hyundai dealership making them no better along with Hyundai-owned Kia. The Ioniq5/Kia EV6 are the same car… same warranty. Had this happened to an EV6, I bet you the same response… “can’t help you but we’ll keep your money.”
What did he drive over to damage the plate? Leasing my ev, buying a gas car when lease is over!
Bye a petrol engine
Everything here screams "incompetent mechanics". The battery pack for this car, from the factory, is $20,600, and needs two hours of labor to install.
Lemon
By another if you didn't learn nothing 😊
Only dumb people drive electric cars.
It’s crazy!  There needs to be industry-wide standardization for batteries and a platform that allows for simple battery exchanges.  Like getting your oil changed, a drive-in battery centre where the exchange is done.  The exchange is a pre-determined regular maintenance item at a specific mileage or battery condition stage.  The battery exchange facilities are “in the business” to complete the exchange and send off for recycling.  This would bring costs down to an affordable/reasonable dollar amount; otherwise electric cars as a viable alternative/solution is dead.
If I were Kyle, I would have DEMANDED that Hyundai remove the battery cover and show me ANY physical damage to the battery casing that would justify voiding the warranty or writing off the car!!!!!!!! I recognise that Kyle appears young and perhaps inexperienced, but I am much older with a lot of life and car experience and would have not taken that experience without a fight. As an EV owner that has been considering going back to ICE or at least a very capable PHEV, this has made my decision easier.
This car might be in Canada and the company is Korean but the business practices to Fuk you is ALL AMERICAN. You don't need to over analyze this situation. Get media involved and lawyer up.
A Toyota Corolla LE costs $21,900 with a single tank range of 422 miles.  EVs are more of a political statement than a solution. I love technology, and would love to afford an EV, but there is nothing realistic about them. Overpriced nonsense most Americans cant afford to buy, or fix. That's why you only see Tesla dealerships in high dollar neighborhoods. A complete waste of money and time. When we stop using oil, how are all the plastic parts for the EVs going to be manufactured? They need to stick EVs back in the oven because they are not ready.
This is making me think twice before buying an EV.
$60,000 buys you 12 years worth of premium gasoline... rich people are stupid.
Here is the funny part.. i bet any amount of money that the distance between the cover and the battery as shown in that circular hole AFTER the incident was the same distance as BEFORE.  Sorry Kyle, that 1/4 inch out of tolerance of a COVER totals the car.  Haha.
The reason is , all country's are full of stupid buyers! Won't like to think.
Ok, you have made the change over to the ev ," no brainier "the so called experts keep saying, they know as much about cars as a hen knows about snotting . Now that you have the ev , it's time to have a rethink, ie. You should change the battery not the car if you are that concerned about the environment which I'm sure you must be. I'm as concerned about the environment as most of us are, but I don't believe ev's are a Long term solution to the problem , it's a quick fix money making solution for manufacturer not the buyer, buyer be Ware
When are you people going to learn buying an Eevee is the stupid thing to do
You seem surprised, this is not a new issue.
Any idea that I might buy an EV just went out the window. There is almost no new gasoline engine AND transmission WITH labor that costs even 1/4 of the $60,000 that Kyle was quoted. Shame on the dealership and Hyundai.
I’ll  post this in Tik tok to warm everyone!
I've been saying for years that there will be no secondary market for EV's because of how expensive it is to replace the battery.
It takes about a decade to break even on carbon output vs. an ICE vehicle because of the mining and processes required to produce an electric vehicle. Anyone who actually looks at all aspects of electric vehicles would quickly realize it's a scam... just like the carbon tax.
I agree with Hyundai 100% how dare  Kyle drive a Hyundai on the road they’re not meant to be driven on roads just park it  in your garage and  admire it. You have a nice little EV enjoy it .
Fake News my dear 😂😂 you have a warranty! Change the dealer! And Batterys can be repaired much cheaper! Only Click bait here🙈🙈🙈
Not only Kyle's insurance will double but every one of our insurance will get more expensive. That's the insurance scam.
Hybrid  is the only way.
Tesla battery doesnt cost more than the car.
You have to be out of your mind to own or buy a electric car !
thats why never buy kia/hyundie😂😂😂
Just another reason to not buy a Hyundai, gas or electric
Wait until it explodes then you have a law suit
was the battery actually defective?
…Hyundai is new to the EV industry…and this Ioniq 5 is in the early years of ironing out the operational creases…that includes the so called  ‘service’ experts at the dealership..so this replacement requirement simply was a lazy solution by inexperienced sales technicians…the thing I would say to Kyle is “buy a Tesla” …I’ve had my Model3 Performance from 2018…and no problems…obviously Hyundai has a long way to go to smooth out the early kinks in their car’s operation, as well as smooth out the confidence level for their buyers…but this video was tremendously informative…because I am anticipating buying the Ioniq 5 N…( looks like a Golf R on steroids ) which should  be released 2024…but thanks to Zack and Andrea,  that’s now on hold…
Absolutely insane. Hyundai needs to be exposed for this insanity.
Yes, EV's are worthless. Much like any other battery powered piece of equipment.  It is a "throw away" technology.
So… never going to buy an ev.  Keep my gas vehicle and just replace parts forever- cheaper in the long run- not worth the risk.
Thank you for the info.
until we can find a replacements for lithium batteries , EV cars are Not reliable , regardless how good they are
$60000 for a battery for a new $55000 car ???? Thats robbery.  $6000 is more correctly. Thats not a dealer, thats a criminal. Let these guys replace batterys in batterypacks in jail.
Its a scam! How could you void a warranty since its n accident. Wow.  So beware of Kia or Hyundai ev cars.
Hyundai Canada are the worst. Hyundai makes very good cars. The main problem is Hyundai Canada. The bodyshop AND the insurer aren't managing repair and insurance businesses but a scam. I was lloking at a Hyundai hybrid car. Not anymore. In the end : just buy a gas engine car.
Do people not have common sense anymore?  The battery was fine as he should have just went about his day.  We could have the same argument about a "engine replacement".  A dealership could say - hey, your mounts are all bad and their "might" be damage so we have to replace the engine.  In either case you just say "no".
You just can't doe that make the battery Replacement more expensive then the whol car new. You just can't how can you sell a car cheaper then a replacement battery ther  Is no possibility. You can't do that. You just cant.     And the did not chek the battery ony the cover 😂😂😂😂😂 thats totally stupid why is there a cover in the first place if it doesn't Protect the battery when its purpose put their for that reason  that super weard looking in to baying a ev wel al wait tel the stop stupid pricing stuf     ferst the a ev is expensive  and the the break al over fore stupid reasens i com across vw id battery problem to tesla moter not last properly to honda making a totally messy Pricing  battery replacement More expensive than a new car that's just not possible then the lose  money on sold Car if they do that sad sad sad sad😢 ev ar the future  and now les and les ar buying  ev today and why  wel this is why.     Grow up ev markit or go away and make hydrogen the option to go for  now i know why Toyota is late to the ev train because they are going to do properly
And Canada is full of crap.
The whole EV scam is a sham & if you can’t see that by now all you EV buying Chinese EVs are crazy buying a Chinese tool is bad enough let alone a Chinese vehicle like Ioniq & the Chinese infected car, there’s no such thing as net zero emissions, try growing food trees plants without any CO2 emissions hope you all enjoy the bugs coming down the line,order them well done🤡🌏
I would love to have an electric car but I'll stick to cheap 15 year old cars for now. I'll wait a few more years until they sort out issues like this.
Lithium-ion batteries aren't the answer. At best it's a transition technology. Lithium-ion EVs will be worthless when next-gen battery tech hits the market. It won't be more than a few years hence. Depreciation experience to date shows that BEVs lose more value than comparable ICE cars. It's also clear that dealers are unprepared to service BEVs and charging networks are inadequate, unreliable, and potential magnets for carjackers. Hybrids are the only way to go for the foreseeable future.
This is the most outlandish example of taking advantage of a consumer and has all of the markings of a SCAM. I would suggest taking legal action against the dealer. Furthermore the replacement cost of $60k is pure nonsense. My advise to Kyle ia first get a lawyer and a Tesla.for your next EV.
thanks for the story. I bought a gasoline Camry last year and not planning to buy an EV in a near future.
Ev cars are obviously a scam. Dont be a sucker and buy one. You are not “saving “ the environment!!!
"He felt like he did avoid it!" The structural integrity of battery cells, modules and packs will not be compromised at all by a minor almost non-existent incident as described. It's a complete scam.
It all comes down to where a possible liability rests. Neither Hyundai nor the dealer wants it so they pass it on to the customer.
Rare situation?   It was a scratch.   I call BS.  There is ZERO chance I would buy one a Hyundai EV after watching this video.   The largest battery Tesla makes, prior to the cybertruck, is 100kw.  Telsa charges $20k USd or $26.7k Canadian dollar for that replacement which is still a lot of money.  But $60K canadian/$45k USD?   Hyundai should not be selling these cars with a business model as such.  And with respect to how the dealer acted on this issue literal incompetence.  Pricing strategy from Hyundai?  I don't believe them.
I’m sorry but the whole electric vehicle thing is full of crap.
The problem here is the exorbitant amount that Hyundai is charging for the replacement battery and the knee jerk warranty voiding.  Of course, it you don't buy an over priced EV in the first place, you won't be having these issues.
This can happen to anyone and anytime. Tesla also charges shocking amounts. For this reason, I am not going to buy an EV. By the way, how can this be eco friendly if you need need to write off car for any smallest damage to the battery. This is ridiculous.
Don’t buy an EV.
Hyundai Canada are the worst. Hyundai makes very good cars. The main problem is Hyundai Canada. The bodyshop AND the insurer aren't managing repair and insurance businesses but a scam.
Literally yesterday I started considering getting myself an EV and the Hyundai IONIQ is precisely the car I was investigating about..  I won't lnvestigate in that direction anymore..
Tesla battery replacement is $12k - $20k at most so no where near the car coat. Buy American!
What a load of shite... The Dealership is simply taking the piss. Exactly why I wouldn't buy Hyundai  or Kia. Spare parts are difficult to get and dealerships are deliberately taking people for a ride.
The reason that the EV's are a scam!! This will always be suspect as a SCAM and batteries in the long run will be a huge POLLUTION problem too!!  MILLIONS  of batteries will be disposed of each DAY around the world. !!This will pollute our world quicker than any other human waste combined!!! The Gov't has been scammed and they in turn have downloaded this scam onto the PUBLIC!!! What do you expect!!! Please there is ZERO defence in what I have written!!Also Communities around CANADA have BANNED Battery landfill sites all ready!!
I'm in the market for a new car but an EV isn't on the wish list.  This story is a heads up that an EV is built around a massively complex and expensive battery pack that is being priced as a replacement unit not a repairable unit.  The risk to the consumer is compounded by insurance companies who may hike your rates or decline coverage if the battery has been compromised in any manner.  Even if your battery perfoms flawlessly, when its time to be replaced many years after purchse, there may not be a replacement available. The replacement battery being too bulky, expensive, and subject to degredation over time, to be suitable for long term storage as a spare.
This is the exact reason why the whole debate about ev and whether they're environmental friendly or not is laughable, no one ever mentions what the used market whit ev's will be like. Are we gonna have to scrap every car that needs a battery replacement after 8-10 years it's a complete environmental catastrophe. A normal diesel car should still function after at least 400 000 kilometers and 15-20 years whit reasonable maintenance. Not everyone can afford a new car before that.
if you buy EV, only Tesla.
The obvious answer is an LS swap.
I don't see where they got 60k. If you look at the invoice it clearly states that the battery is just under 6k. So where does the 60k come from?? Update: Just showed my coworker and he said it's possible that the 5 in 56649.98 wasn't able to fit in the List and Net Columns. I still find that very bizarre.
All these manufacturer same. Always try to pull a fast one till whole things went viral then only come out and do damage control. 10 yrs Non accidents discount wipe out, that alone cost you more than petrol saving. To add salt to wound, premium will only increase yearly
This is true of all cars, the part costs make the car price seem reasonable, remember here we are talking about a potential fire issue but think this video is just stirring up nothing
EV is fraud
Imagine that. A battery costing more than the car. So I guess you can buy the car for 1 or 2 thousand dollars and just add abattery for va rediculous amount of money.
Don’t buy EV’s
Have to be giving the dealer the middle finger salute.
Bye bye EVs. I believe there are more individuals facing battery issues than we're aware of. Why risk it? Opt for gas-powered vehicles. Replacing a battery costs only $150-$300.
So if average ev lasts about 8-10 years and goes to landfill.  Why people buy it?
The battery is made up of individual cells , the garage is trying to make a lot of money through the insurance
run Kyle run, cheat me once shame on you cheat me twice shame on you.
Lmfao……….and therein lies the problem with electric vehicles and also why nobody wants them. Just give it a few years when these batteries start failing on a regular basis. Electric technology is not quite ready for prime time. So are you really saving anything in the end or saving the environment. Because now those batteries end up in the landfill or “god knows where”. They are toxic………so there’s another cost down the road to the consumer. This electric kick is just a giant scam. Sticking with my gas powered polluter   That’s what I can afford.
Reminds me in the old time when you would by a battery powered drill for 100$ including the battery but if you decide to buy the battery alone, it cost 100$ 😅
This screams of insurance scam by the insurance company the salvage yard in the dealership
This is a prime example of people not paying attention. This is exactly what people talked about when evs first came out. We all know batteries don't last forever. Pull your heads out of the sand and pay attention. Stop believing the lies.
Those who buy battery EVs without considering the real-world costs are going to get burned.  Until life cycle costs are competitive and the industry establishes realistic and effective battery recycling processes, I won't touch an EV.  My Honda Civic burns about $80 of fuel per month, or about $1000 per year.  Do the math:  how many years of fuel could I buy for the price of an EV battery replacement?  Yup, if electricity for EVs was free, an EV would still cost more to own if I have to replace a battery in less than a couple decades.  A lot of people are going to feel swindled when their EV batteries reach end of life.
Hyundai (maybe the local dealer as well) should reimburse ICBC for the cost of the car so at least Kyle's insurance is not affected. If they really were to try and keep him whole they would also get him into a brand new GV70 (gas powered) so that Kyle is where he was financially (both in car value and insurance costs) before this happened. I feel sorry for that guy, he really got taken.
Quote says $6649 for battery, a figure of $56649 was a typo and this amount is include in the total instead of the $6649. Surely I’m not the only one who noticed this.Rubbish journalism.
why people get caught with stupid marketing stuff...  NO company (corporsation) is ever interested in saving the planet, they only care and manage to get more of your money by selling you a `dream`...!! I know I won`t change the trend with this statement... lol (owner of a 2003 Volvo V70)
This is unbelievable. Imagine the impact these news have on the average buyer. These cars are supposed to cut down emissions. This is very serious and I see that Hyundai doesn't understand that. The price doesn't make sense and it's quite ridiculous as you don't drive just a battery there are plenty more components making a vehicle rather than a battery or an engine. We also had a few stories here in EU with Skoda replacing diesel engines with new ones and asking for ridiculous prices. The dealers fly under the radar and get away with practically anything. In a highly regulated country such as CA this should have never happened. I strongly belive that there is a cartel between car dealerships and insurers and car manufacturers as there is huge business for spare parts and everyone wants their share as they make billions on us. Strongly advise Kyle to look for a lawyer as this is not in any government's interest, EV is the future and no one wants to mess with emissions and apparently these cartels want to profit from this as well. This is an engineering problem as no one buys a car to drive it in the living room....
Dealer scam
Hopefully Kyle learned a valuable lesson, wrote off the car and purchased a gasoline powered vehicle.
Surprised insurance would even cover it has he ran over a stationary object sitting on road.
electric cars are doomed, hydrogen cell is the future
Class action lawsuit
I though the point of buying a ev is that its avoids thinks in the road? Though it helped you drive at least. Crazy
Don't bother buying a Hyundai
I won’t buy a electric car. A new gasoline engine is like 3-6 thousand dollars. Depending on the motor.
Stay far away from fully electric. Hybrid is the way forward. A great example is the Ford Maverick.
The short of it is: People that fall for all this EV B.S need to smart up.
The point is not who pays, but the fact that you could buy a new engine from GM for about a 5th of the cost of the battery!
How do they try and sell you a battery for the same price as the 2024 model?  So they battery is a scam . 60k for the battery and all the rest of the car is free to build. How do you sell a whole car for the same price as your battery? Scam seems to be the only answer.  I don't u understand how saving on gas matter when compared to a used car the insurance can be 2 to 5 times as much. Wouldn't it be cheaper to save hundreds on insurance then a hundred on gas?
This does not make sense how can the manufacturer produce a car where the battery cost more than the car. I wonder if i am missing something?
To the young man involved in this story, the definition of INSANITY is doing the same thing over and over and expecting the result to be different. Petrol or diesel next time buddy, it's the only thing that makes sense.
I agree with writing the car off. The consequences of an intense fire is too high. I won't buy an EV.
Why would anyone want to buy an EV….
Asian screwed by Asian company Soon Americans will be screwed by American company called Testliar. And Testliar's will be like Exxon with defective batteries.
This will impact Hyundai future sales DEFINITELY. People will find articles and stores about this and not buy Hyundai anymore.
One big scam..............
3 points of advice  A never buy a Hyundai  B never ever buy a Kia C never ever ever buy an electric car from a company that builds garbage cars
Go green they said, it’ll be economical they said 😂😂😂
How does one impact the underside of the vehicle like that under normal circumstances?
LoL. EV is turning out to be a disappointment. I looked at the Ford F150 lightning. $120k, and 30% of range of my Honda pickup, which cost $20k. Talk to me in 20 years
Electric cars are a con job .
I truly appreciate you guys standing up for the consumers & spreading this extremely important information. This is one of many reasons why I purchased a 2024 CRV Hybrid instead of a fully electric vehicle; hoping the hybrids will never suffer from this kind of ridiculous treatment & many of the other problems fully electric vehicles bless their owners with.  Edit: Hyundai & Kia have always been 2 brands of vehicles I would NEVER own for good reason. Their reputation speaks volumes; you’d have to be a true fool to overlook that.
This seems to me, this is Either straight up Fraud with a healthy does of Greed aka a SCAM, or, Fear of Liability. None of them, the dealership, the manufacture, The "Body shop" or ICBC want the risk of a battery exploding LOL which, based on the "damage" displayed, IMO is totally ridiculous. Those scratches are at best surface deep, and that access hole widened?? LOLOL Not only is the hole, not the battery. How can that hole actually affect the batteries life/performance. And pardon my bad math.... if just the battery new, is 60,000 doesn't that mean the rest of the cars worth is Zero? think about it...
This is why I’ll keep my Nissan  gas rogue thank you, and vote republican, if you want a electric car than get one, but forcing them onto people is against my constitutional rights as to what I want to drive and can afford
So plugging the car in still requires electricity so how are you saving the world?   These cars cost 10x as much to operate and maintain
Battery warranty void if you drive your car?  Run don't walk away from EVs.  Fire Justin Trudeau and anyone else that says all cars must be EV by 2035.  What is you EV worth in 5 years, 10 years with battery degradation?  As far as the virtual signalling of having a more environmentally friendly car you should probably read Cobalt Red. Maybe Greta can head to the Congo and talk to the kids there about how her childhood was stolen.
Handled poorly by the dealer. Most likely a younger in-experienced service team.
No ev for me.
Personally, I would have driven it away and continued to use it, if there was no problem with it.
Drive it the way it is
The clear message is keep a wide birth from EV cars , they are all going to be land fill before long in this green energy fraud , nobody is saving the planet  by buying this junk
EV= Headache
EV's are potentially more dangerous than a 74 Pinto.
This further drives me away from these EV’s! When the Prius hit the market, my neighbors  purchased one new. When they were notified their battery replacement was nearly $3,000 U.S., my neighbors elected to purchase a gas powered vehicle instead.   Please tell me how these  EV’s are:  1. Cost efficient 2. Battery replacement cost efficient 3.  Disposal of EV batteries in landfill reduce ‘carbon footprint’.
I think this guy got scammed on that quote. A Tesla model S battery is $20k to replace.
I knew this about 4 years ago when a friend purchased a Ford, (cheap one), they said almost the same thing, it's absurd. Personally, I would never ever buy an EV, this is something absolutely no one talks about, who does these videos on these EVs, ie they never mention the replacement cost of the batteries. The fact that the dealer never bothered taking the battery cover off to check for damage sounds to me it's like a scam. I could almost guarantee if every buyer prior to purchase had this information they would never buy one, a further lack of information given is exactly how long these batteries last. I dread to think what the replacement cost of these batteries would be on a Mercedes, BMW or Rolls Royce.  I am sure if you live in a very cold country and purchase an EV the batteries would die a lot sooner, but there probably would be in their small print something to cover them against this claim. Guys stay away from EVs, there will be alternatives soon, ie Hydrogen.
And people recently were up in arms because an owner was quoted $20,000 USD to replace a Tesla battery.
These modern vehicles are nothing but plastic garbage.
Just a dealer trying it on as usual
Why not buy a new car
What would happen if they said that the battery is OK, but a year from now, the battery causes a home fire that kills the entire family?
Korean cars aren't made to last beyond warranty
I don’t why people are still going with legacy EV, where their only goals is to service your EV and make money on your back. Just go with Tesla. We own 2. We ditched the legacies and ICE vehicles. We are soo done with them!
Nobody wants EVs, the only ones pushing them are the Government. In the USA they are paying people $7K to buy an EV.
guess ill be sticking with my good old V6 for years and years to come!
A big part of the problem too is that these manufacturers not named Tesla are already losing money on each sale. Losing 2x by honoring warranties doesn’t mean they should be doing what they’re doing, but it’s definitely more painful for them.
so don't make the claim. if it works don't do anything.
The dealership is never your friend. It you feel like you are being given wrong info. Call the manufacturer directly!
Will be critical for Hyundai to come forward, clarify its processes, protect its reputation and brand name. Many people are now considering buying an electric car to go green. Hyundai won’t want to lose this potential pool of customers, not just from Canada but worldwide.
People are getting sucked into this electric vehicle fad thinking that they are saving money on gas. Scams like this make Bernie Madoff smile in his grave.
Great investigation and well done!
If the battery was not damaged why did he take the car to the dealer.. just keep driving
Just one more reason not to buy an EV !
Electric vehicles with the current battery technology (  Lithium Ion) are liable to short out  and catch fire or explode, if penetrated during an accident.  The batteries may also suffer from thermal runaway too, leading to failure too, if not kept at the right operating temperature as well, thus the need for controlled ventilation as well. So it is entirely believeable that if a car has even a minor crash, that the batteries could be  adversely affected by it.  As to the cost  to replace the batteries, its not cost effective to make it easy to replace certain battery cells,  and although it may be possible, it would be very expensive to do that too.  Summary, EV vehicles  are by the nature of their design an expensive way to power a vehicle , with at least three very undesirable features that can go wrong! If you get a minor dent in a Tesla car, something that normally can be pushed out by hand, nope you can't do it , because the car's panels are lightweight modified honeycomb structures! thus only Tesla can repair it, and at a huge cost!  Mind you, new battery costing more than a brand new car, is just printer ink cartridges costing more than the printer itself!  We have got it all wrong somewhere!
The EV techology is not there yet.  If you buy one now expect unforseen problems.
The moral of the story is: DO NOT BUY ELECTRIC CAR for your peaceofmind!! It's too much hassle and EXPENSIVE! Yikes!
The "Green New Steal"
Very informative! Videos like this can go a long way to help consumers in decision making when choosing to buy a car. To think I was planning on buying the 2024 Tucson but I think I will have to keep my options open after watching this video.
Yikes, stories like this really hurt the ev industry. Even if the replacement is warranted it shows how expensive repairs in this industry are.
Kyle must be in shock. When he comes back to logical thinking, he can only conclude what those of us who think have concluded. That is, EV's are not ready for this world. Go straight ICE or hybrid and forget the EV world. It will destroy people financially as this story proves both now and in the future due to insurance costs doubling for 10 years. I wish him only well and hope he does make a proper decision now and in the future.
Its your own fault for being an EV in the first place
Stick to toyota
And yet, dummies still buy them everyday.
I am staying with Bmw, can’t afford a Hyundai😀
EV’s are. Totally rubbish you can not just replace one cell as it can then explode when charging also charging the  EV it’s using carbon based power stations in most countries,  also if your off the grid you have to purchase a petroleum / diesel powered generator to charge it which is going to run for hours and cost about 5k as you have to purchase a high kw generator also it may need a generator which can provide Seine wave and there’s been more EV’s / bikes and scooters burst into flames since there conception than petroleum powered cars and bikes and a possibility the reason governments want people to purchase EV’S is control a standard petroleum car can travel 350/400 miles on a tank then you could additionally have 500 lots spare fuel plus gas stations and Franchised or privately owned so the powers to be would firstly have to find your route and why are you gonna run out of fuel and manually call every gas station on your route but with a EV’s you have possible half that endurance plus not to many privately owned power stations, so with the flip of a switch, they can stop you in your tracks and before you say all your a conspiracy theories blah blah blah what happened during the C pandemic limited travel
Those damn stealerships!! How to get screwed over and over again!
A bunch of people in the chain of events “just doing their job” and not using their brains to push for what’s fair for the customer.
It is the most idiotic thing to buy a fully electric car in a country where it gets down to -30C or less. Batteries don’t cope well with cold. Anyone buying such a car deserve all the trouble they as for!! Outrageous!
Ahhh the scam that keeps giving. Remember kids this is about the environment. No carbon tax or esg involved. You buy our EV vehicles and show the world you care. 🤣🤣
Take note no EV is going to be worth anything come 8 years old as batteries don't last that long or hold their charge and to replace it would cost triple the cars worth at best, the process of mining the products to make the battery is more harmful to the planet than a fuel car and the electric and mining use fosil fuels, there is no getting away from the fact we must use fosil fuesl and this whole EV climate crisis is an agenda for control and nothing more.
This is lazy people not wanting to do extra work.
Do not ask how much battery replacement costs. It is a FUD. Poor you
So the list price of battery is basically 100% the price of the car?  So if you need a new windshield it's free?
Answer to the issue is don't buy an ev.  Buy a normal car and keep it well maintained
This is just regular scam 😂 they didn't.expect they get caught.
Fell for the great EV con. Mugs.
Do a follow up with EV battery fires. Learn what the chemistry of the battery is that you are sitting on top of! Research thermal runaway.
Disposables 🚫🔋🚙!?  Coupled with Dealerships have ruined the new car industry... Dump them all.
Write this story to @LouisRossmann
Another reason not to buy electric vehicles. Repair costs are astronomical especially for the battery. Hyundai should be liable to fix this free as they designed the car as piece of junk. The protection plate should have been metal and designed so that minor road debris will not damage the plate or the battery. But they cheaped out  the design.
This shows the major faults in our rush to electrify : Why no core charge - an ev battery is a monolithic lump, there is no way to repair?. Why is the battery shield called a shield it can’t do the job? The insurance industry has to get involved. EVs should have a battery protection rating similar to the occupant ratings. What if your Ionic 5 gets in a minor T Bone and the battery shield is damaged.  Does every hit total and EV. There are too many questions unanswered and these early adopters are getting screwed …
That is what you get for buying Hyundai
This EV is a Big Scam… period!
Hyundai is a scam car brand.
what you have to take into account here is that the battery can be a very dangerous part of the car. There have been many instances of battery fires in cars that have had an impact accident to the battery area. In operation Li-Ion batteries get very hot and they have a cooling system running through the battery pack to keep this in check so if anything were to damage that cooling system then the potential for a battery over heat is high. Also if the impact actually damaged one of the battery cells then again the chance of fire becomes higher. There are thousands of individual cells in these batteries and the chemistry involved means that a malfunction starts a thermal runaway situation that causes the different chemicals within the damaged cell to mix and ignite. If that happens then it will spread to other cells very quickly and within a very short time the whole battery will be alight along with the car. Li-ion battery fires at this level are very difficult to extinguish as they are self sustaining by making their own oxygen and on top of that the contents of the fumes is toxic and highly dangerous. Ev battery fires have caused two car carrying ships to sink and a third to be a total write off. They have burnt houses to the ground and destroyed and help destroy a multi story car park at an airport in the UK. The chemical battery fire can reach a much higher temperature than one fed by Gasoline or diesel fuel. So I think what you will see from car companies not wanting to be caught up in very expensive legal fault battles is having a zero tolerance to any damage to the battery or its protection case. There are many cases of individual cars catching fire after running over debris. This why the two biggest car Hire companies in the USA are not buying any more BEVs and are looking to sell the ones they have. Sorry for the long winded answer but most people do not realise just how dangerous the battery is that they are sitting on top of because of its chemistry and the fact that it is in the lowest part of the car because of its size and weight. Its a topic that the EV industry and others do not want to be widely known. We are sleepwalking into a minefield with the proliferation of these cars in our confined city spaces.
Can the batteries be recycled?  But what did it for me  was it could explode any time   No thanks to electric power car  I will stick to my gas engine  car
If such a minor scratch still results in the battery being damaged, then the guard isn't doing its job. If a battery replacement costs more than the whole car brand new, does it then make sense that the car was being sold for $55k? Wouldn't the dealership be making a loss of $5k for every brand new Ioniq sold? Is the dealership here getting any kickbacks for every car written off? And if something like this can void the warranty for the battery, I'd imagine a lot of other EVs are going to get the battery warranty voided within a few years of driving. Almost all EVs have their batteries mounted on the underside of the car, and a car is exposed to the elements while on the road. Stones, pebbles, debris is bound to hit the underside of the car every now and then and scratch the guard.  Whatever discount that Hyundai Canada offered to Kyle is not going to be enough. He's out a 1-yr old car that cost him $55k. His insurance for the next 10 years is going to be loaded by as much as 50% or more. His car should never have been written off without proper and complete checks on the battery. I highly doubt it was ever damaged. If Hyundai Canada really wanted to compensate Kyle and restore their standing with him, the least they could do is give him a new Ioniq for free.
Absolutely crazy. EVs and also new ICE cars with far too much tech and ADAS systems are costing an absolute fortune. Thanks for sharing.
So EV is fraud/Scam. We already know it about Insurance.
Has anyone bothered googling for that battery part number 37501GI351 in order to find out what it actually cost? I get a price for it around USD 6334.00. Someone has to be scamming someone here.
How many people are rushing to cancel their Hyundai order?
It really feels like Hyundai are taking advantage here.  Just for fun I asked Tesla how much a Model 3 long range battery would cost to replace, and they told me it is ~$18,500 AUD. As of today, that is around $16,600 CAD.
Laughing my ass off ...come to finde out they don't run on pixie dust and unicorn farts!!
That’s why I won’t be buying pos electric car anytime soon. 🤮
Before buying a new car, we need to know the cost of maintaining the vehicle, parts price, and labor; the battery cost is quite expensive, and the battery life span is about 5-8 years. Especially EV.
The best solution. Don't buy an EV.
The unit price on that quotation said $6499.98, so where did the extra $50k come from?
Another basic thing to consider here is that the battery protection cover doesn’t actually do what it’s intended for. This is bad engineering, but I’d assume that this is also probably a standard approach on most EVs right now. That said, on a standard gas vehicle the undercarriage is almost entirely exposed, but I guarantee the costs to fix any damage there wouldn’t ever get beyond 5k. It does make you think twice about long term ownership costs.
The battery may explode ? Do you really want another Hyundai ?  It seems they need to get their acto together to NOT get into the total recall mess of the BOLT in 2021. TBH, get a nice used Tesla.
I bet Kyle did not buy another EV.. lesson learnt i hope..!! what did you buy Kyle?
What a scummy move on the dealership to begin with, the fact that they they wrote off a whole battery and put a giant price tag to replace is unreal!   I hope Kyle is well compensated for this nightmare and that he doesn’t get another Hyundai product.
This is just the tip of the iceberg. Who would want the cost and hassle of this for just a bump in the Road. I for one will not be buying an EV, these cars are just a huge cash Cows for car brands.. Buit to last 3-5 years with no warranty.. People wake up.. is this  not climate friendly.. B**lshit, its about profit and screwing customer with money to pay
What did he hit that he thought he avoided. How fast was he going in relation to the posted speed limit. Plus you don't take your car for inspection if you think you didn't hit something. As to the dealer, 60 grand for a battery swap is heinous. One or both parties is being economical about being forthcoming.
The comparable vehicle is a Tesla model three. I’ve had mine for for 15,000 miles and it’s been flawless and I’m still driving it every day. I have friends that have 70+ thousand miles on their model threes with no problems. I just looked into how much a battery would cost to replace if we needed a new battery but our Tesla battery warranty takes all the way out to 10 years/120,000 miles, also if we’re out of warranty or the warranty is voided, the replacement is no more than $16,000. Still a lot of money but nowhere near with this poor guy experienced.
Moral of story: protect your no claims
Looks like a typo on the amount...the list and net is 6649.98- but was extended as 56649.98. .. some 50,000 over
Funny this popped up on my feed, because I just watched another video on a VW ID3 in Europe that had heavy battery degradation after 2 years of use.
This statement from Huyndai is nonsense. Battery price is fixed, they are just trying to rip customers off
Kyle was totally screwed. Way to go Hyundai! Definitely hope a lawyer will sue pro bono or Kyle screwed again.
I do crack up a bit when people say they want an EV to protect the environment. I promise you that if they tried to open a lythium mine near your house, you would be loosing your mind. It is very damaging to the environment. An EV might help as far as air quality and CO which is huge, but we are trading one type of pollution for another. That said, I find this story very disappointing. I am looking at purchasing an EV fairly soon and Hyundai/Kia were on my short list. I cannot stand the thought of Musk having any of my money. But, Tesla seems to have pretty good customer service. My sister is on her third Tesla.
Why does the battery cost $60,000?  I thought batteries were about 40% of the cost of car, so maybe $22,000.   I know replacement parts have a large mark up but it still makes little sense.  It must be a significant factor why EV insurance seems very expensive.
EVs are the way of the future people.
This is the problem with buying a vehicle that makes you feel good about saving the environment. Buying an electric vehicle is actually more damaging to the environment than buying a gasoline or diesel vehicle. To build that battery you have to have little children in poor foreign countries dig and rape the land which is very damaging to our Earth. Once they produce a battery and the tires and the plastic and everything else with fossil fuels then you have to charge the pile of crap. Most electricity, even today is produced by either burning diesel or coal. Remember all of these things are bad for the environment as far as the tree huggers are concerned. So each time you charge that pile of crap you are burning either diesel or coal. And to produce all of the rubber and plastics and fake leather and all the other crap that's in those vehicles is produced by burning diesel or coal. So you're just kidding yourself into thinking that you're saving the environment by buying an electric vehicle. If anything you're actually more damaging to the environment than that guy next to you and is Ford F-350 spitting out smoke every time he changes gears. But you could delude yourself just like a guy who thinks he can become a woman by wearing a damn wig and chopping off his penis.
Funny I’ve been sitting on the fence about electric. Thanks for your reporting. Looks like gas is best and I guess I’ll have 4 catalytic converters put on. 60000$ buys a lot of gas.
Be glad mattel did not make this ev it would say does not include battery upon purchase LOL
I am sure that if they had pulled the battery pack down, they could have visually inspected it and verified that there was or wasn't anything wrong with it.  If there was a problem with one or two of the packs, those could have been replaced individually.  If the individual packs aren't available, someone needs to change the parts available
I think that as long as Hyundai is not able to protect such a costly battery properly - that includes impacts like seen - they are responsible. Everything else is crazy.
I just made my mind to buy gasoline vehicle instead of EV.
Never had any problem with Mercedes. Years ago had a problem with an auto gear that sometimes refused to change gear (6 year old car). Called Benz and told them about it. Could bring the car in right away. They had a replacement car waiting so I could go home. 2 days later they called my car was ready. I went to pick it up, asked how much it was (as I said, 6 years old car) "just take your car, we'll do that later." 3 days later got a phone call from the Benz dealer "we apologize again for your inconvenience, that should not have happened." "No problem, oh, do you have the bill already?" "Forget about the bill, mercedes takes care of that." 2 weeks ago our current Benz got rear-ended. No injuries but the car was beat up pretty bad. So we decided no to repair it and buy another. Guess what brand we bought. Didn't even go look at another brand.
Poor Kyle.  Because of a scratch,  he went to the dealer,  and got his car totaled for a 500$ cover. The protection cover should be a replacement part like a bumper.  I know Canada is "different " , but glad this story was told. Ive been really wanting one of these just because of the "lancia delta" feel it gives me.
The fascination period is over there not selling and if Toyota or another brand gets the elusive solid state battery these first gen cars will be worthless
If the Dealer inspects the battery and finds there is no damage, they will be presumed to be liable for any fires that occur even if their assessment was correct. Why would they take this risk?
Why would anyone be surprised. When you look at any tool that’s battery powered, the batteries generally cost as much or more to replace then the original purpose. Just go buy knew batteries for your cordless drill and they rival the cost of the entire drill set. EV’ are for people with more money than common sense. No thanks.
Typical KIA !
Will never buy a electric vehicle,Gas is cheap.
I’d move on to NIO 🤣🤣🤣
Honeymoons over for these fn cars. Ev reality not the end of a rainbow kids.
Thats why people should not buy ev/hybrid cars. The used price of car is not worth it to buy when the time you have to replace battery
so much for "buying electric vehicles to have a smaller carbon footprint". a few scratches?  get a new one... This is ridiculous.
EV's like all electric appliances are great until they go wrong or get damaged🤣
Fuuuuk Hyundai !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ... and to answer your question as to why the cover was not removed so the battery could be thoroughly inspected, simply put it's because most 'mechanics' are morons and dealerships are in the business of ripping you off!
What kind of math do they teach up in Canada??? The list cost of the battery is $6,649.98. Maybe I don't understand, am I the dumbass here? 😮
This means "I wont  be buying any Hyunai !
The list cost per battery is shown as $6,649.98, but the cost on the quote, at $56,649.98, is for approx Eight and 1/2 batteries at that unit price.  In simple math, it looks like whoever prepared the invoice added a "5" in front of $6,649.98 to pad the bill by $50,000.   In the math taught in the USA, it would appear that the purchaser seems to have been screwed by the quote from the repair shop with the collusion of the representive/adjuster from the BC Insurer and the Manufacturer.  The next step in this Saga will likely be for the repair shop to buy this EV from  the insurance company, then buy any battery actually needed at Wholesale cost, then  replace it, if actually necessary, then fix the dents and scratches, and sell it after repair for 90% of retail.    In the USA, lawyers would be consulted, an expert witness retained, an investigation launched into the business practices of the Maker, the repair shop, and the BC insurance carrier, and a lawsuit filed against them on behalf of this victim and any other victims who can be located who were similarly mistreated when this auto manufacturer voided new vehicle warranties accompanying their purchase for no valid reason, misrepresenting to the public the indicia of battery damages, when batteries suffered no damage, as well as misrepresenting the price of batteries; such suits would protect the car-buying public in BC from such financial shenanigans in the future.
What would be the situation be if you leased the car? Would the lease company expect you to get it repaired using your insurance?
This proves once again that EV’s are like condoms… just much much more expensive 😂
It always amazed me when people think they are going to beat the market , when they think they have the SOLUTION !  If you want to beat the market with cars get a second hand (40/50000 Km) good 2.5 L diesel/petrol  , like a four seaters pickup and maintain it through independent garages . Best for me are the Toyota like the Takoma , it will bring you all over the world .   All cars manufacturers are now selling financial products and maintenance ...not cars .
Are you sure it's not a typo in the document? I mean it shows in the picture 6649.98 at list and net but then at amount there's an extra 5 in front of 6649.98.
You thought computers/electronics trash was a problem, electric cars will be a plague of toxic trash that this World will not be able to handle.
The issue here is poor deal and insurance service hyundia are very reasonable in this and show good customer service.  The dealer where correct to say its not warranty  but the should have contacted hyundia CAN to see if they would pay for cover removal and diagnostic cost to ascertain battery status.  So the dealer failed  the customer. So the insurance  should have paid for this and sent the car to an appropriate bev trained repair who have the equipment.   Now this is where the insurance system fail as they not invested in bev training ir equipment in there approved body shops .  Hyundia CAN,  if they had been approached by dealer or insurance  this could have been sorted quickly.  Now quick point insurance cannot write your car off without your approval so the customer can say no and they can state no investigation has taken place.  So all these people  quick to critise hyundia should take a moment as hyundia CAN have been 100% professional in this situation they not tried to get out of there responsibilities in this situation nor has the media made any difference to hyundia position in this .
Véhicules électriques = arnaque .
That's terrifying. People should also re-evaluate their beliefs, encouraged by propaganda, that battery cars are a better option for the environment, or fuel savings. The former is well and truly debunked- lots of sources confirm that. And increasingly the savings in gas are negated by unscrupulous, unregulated charging stations price gouging. To the point that a battery charge costs MORE than gas.
Even dealing with Hyundai with the engine problems 1.6 and 2.0. It’s been 10 years of oil burning issues. At least they increased the warranty to 180k kms. Good luck getting them to honour it. They do everything to void it.
Was considering on of these vehicle. Thank goodness i never pulled the trigger. Gas vehicles all the way.
EVs are the biggest pieces of SH1T on the market today. I will NEVER buy one, in fact, I would not have one given to me for free, even with a free 100% lifetime warranty of every single component on the vehicle including the battery! I truly hate the damn things!
Thank you for sharing this, I just placed an order for the same car few days ago. I will definitely cancel it.
On the copy of the bill you show the list price for the battery is $6649 but $50000 gets added to that in the rightmost column. My first thought was, OK the full price wouldn’t fit in the list column so the most significant digit was chopped off (seems an odd choice). My second thought was, wow somebody thought of this situation and programmed a work around? Wow again! I would have expected the full number would be printed regardless whether or not it fits in the column. IDK just seems weird. What’s my point? Youtube threw this video at me, I know nothing about this channel but when I saw this discrepancy I smelled bullshit, this is just a mistake. Based on what I know about EVs (which I admit is not a lot) $6600 seems like a more reasonable price for the battery than $56000.
For more than 100 yrs. Dealerships have been the absolute worst part of the automotive industry.  As much as possible they need to go.
Due to the abysmal state of most countries roads, I can see more and more EVs being "written off" simply for a scratched protection plate.
There is clearly no damage to the battery so just forget about it and carry on driving it. No point stressing yourself out about it,the battery is fine.
Stay away from Hyundai please, there 2 cases in Ontario just like that, ioniq 6 and a plug in hybrid, batteries wont charge anymore, $50k to replace, owner took to scrap yard for $1000. Garbage
You can battery swap a leaf for less than £10,000
The easy lesson is: Never buy an EV
These issues are now very common. It's always Hyundai involved and the customers are always non-white....that should tell you something about Canada.
sooner than later all Canadians will be driving a Cuban Custom car ,made of used parts.
Not in 60000 years. 😂
I think the moral of the story is dont buy a hyundai. Maybe its just me, but i would NOT buy a Hyundai. EV or not.  I hear too many unreliability stories with this brand.
Just to add another comment. EV’s are clearly not suitable for rural areas where many of still have to drive on some gravel roads.
This dystopian story proves that E: V.'s are a non starter.... consumers, unite & do not buy any of this garbage...
Don’t buy E V  until the whole industry fix their battery problem. All cars battery should last 10 years, minimum.
dealerships in general can't wait for opportunities like this, they will do anything in order to get you to pay for a replacement part, even if there is no need for a replacement. That was a good car that should have been back on the road in 1-2 weeks max! Problem is, even if they know there is a fix to the issue they will still quote you for a replacement simply because they are useless when it comes to actual fixes, they just do replacements, not real mechanic work. The more modern the car the more obvious is that the majority of dealer services know little to nothing about diagnosing problems and repairs.
This is damaging the reputation of electric vehicle in general, 60K, so bad!  Go Tesla or dust!
The hybrid battery in my 2017 Kia Niro FE lists for $2500 US. Kia wants a $2500 core charge, which DOES NOT get returned. That’s $5000, so why are they quoting me $10,000 to replace it? I bought a used 2017 Niro for less than $10k. I swap the battery occasionally in under 30 minutes so neither car sits too long. Kia ONLY wants to sell us a new car and is not interested in doing what is right. The dealerships seem to only want to service vehicles under warranty. Otherwise, why would they charge so much for 30 minutes of work? Disgusting  business practices… dealership owners should be arrested for this work ethic and the dealership itself should be closed permanently.
If theres NOTHING wrong with the battery whats the problem  If it DOSENT recharge then theres a problem       TINY scratch on the under tray protection
Hyundai repair costs have been above industry average historically. When it comes to EVs, most manufacturers sell them at a loss.  Subscriptions and repairs are the ways they try to make money.
Kia and Hyundai are garbage. 1.6 need I say more.
Ha ha ha ha pmsl .. saving what planet buy supposedly needing a new battery, what they going to do with the old one .... landfill  ?
That is insane , that kind of scratch to an oil sump wouldn't result in needing a new engine. Thank god I'm 60 and i'll be dead and buried before EV's are compulsory , I'll stick to ICE thanks
Simple lesson is not to buy anything from Hyundai if they are going to gouge their customers like this.
Its a bit like printers, the printer sells for $50 with cartridge, but a new cartridge will cost you $65 🤔
Electric cars are a joke and a scam,end of story
Total crazy! I drive 10 year old SUV with Superpower Diesel and have kickdown!😂
Nothwithstanding this atrocity, I have absolutely no inclination to get an EV from any car maker.  Look at the disasters of the multiple of Fires after IAN  hit Florida last year.  Once the EVs get wet, especially with Salt Water,  (Think the major snow areas in the US and Canada where Salt is used to melt Snow/Ice) ,not only did the EVs (mostly all Teslas) burn out for hours, they Burned their houses down.  The EVs were parked in Garages and erupted in fires - 25 alone in the Naples area - after going out, getting wet with salty water in the streets, and parked inside the garages.  The fires can virtually NOT be out unless hours of water are poured on it.  Talk to electromagnetic engineers who have indicated that sitting in an EV for extended periods of time in traffic /commuting that despite the "covers" emits Electro-magnetic waves equal to sitting on 15 Microwave Ovens!  Good Luck with that. ONLY FOOLS RUSH IN!!  Go research the amount of mining that is involved for extracting the amount of Lithium for these 2,000 pound batteries - Oh Yeah That will Save The Planet!!
Yet another reason to not buy an EV. EVs are toys for the rich.
Wil normal car drivers insurance go up to pay for EV`s?
Sounds like the dealership is taking advantage of him.
If anybody has seen how these batteries are made, they will realise that inside are several thousand individual cells, within several modules. Each one of these individual cells has a chemical reaction going on 24/7, it never stops, whether your charging or not. With so many cells to check and verify there integrity, it makes the process uneconomical from a labour perspective. Someone has to pay for that check, right! So the battery pack itself may not be punctured, because it has the protective tray, but the jolt alone from any impact may be sufficient to affect one or more of the thousands of cells. It boils down to a shift in legal liability, in which the person or company that says the battery is fit for purpose, is then liable for a multi million dollar law suit if the battery catches fire, as they do. It should be noted that any battery pack that is punctured, is a very serious risk of water ingress, shorting and potential fire.
replacing petrol engine does not seem expensive at all any more
Well, that's me sticking to my hybrid for the foreseeable!
Yea will stick with my 1.9 TDI even a brand new engine on it is about $500 its close to 400 000km now
I would only buy a Tesla
"Stealerships"
Don’t buy electric period.
Just don’t buy an e vehicle. It’s garbage.
Brings a whole new meaning to the word green doesn’t it
I think sooner or later, you might see a 2022 IONIQ 5 with a rebuilt title shown on the used market.....em...
I would never trade my motor for ev, ev are joke, older car still way better plus cheaper to fix Tesla batteries cost 14k I don’t think will last 20 year.
Friends don't let friends buy EVs.
They built a car without really knowing how to fix the car if certain parts were to get damaged. Idiots...
This is why I will never own an EV.
How can the battery cost more than the car ? So Hyundai are making a huge loss with every vehicle sold ? I’d suggest a pretty serious design flaw if driving over something that scratches the battery cover a little, voids the warranty.  There should be companies that can strip the cover off the batteries, check for damage, rebuild and guarantee the batteries integrity, to a standard the insurance company and Hyundai would accept.  Ultimately I think EVs should be made to have, and designed around, industry standard battery sizes, so they are easily interchangeable between cars and warranted 3rd party batteries could be used as replacements.
whats more important is after 5 years or so when the car actually needs a new battery you basically have a nice 60,000 dollar lawn  ornament
This is why I would never by an EV from anybody but Tesla!!! This would never have happened if it was a Tesla. The Dealer sounds shady too!
Note to self: your initial impressions were correct, EVs are a joke and a fad. We trusted government to pick winner and loser and we should know that their batting average has always been and always will be this. 0.000
First off, don't buy electric.  And it looks to me like the invoice says in the list and net price it's $6649.98. Am I missing something?
only complete and total idiots would buy an electric car at this stage of the game.  Next thing you know that "totaled" car in Canada will be shipped down to Mexico and someone will install a gas burning engine in the damn thing and drive it for ages.
All the EV haters will pounce on this but they ignore the utterly insane prices new engines with equivalent power cost, and how frequently they fail.  Look up the prices for a new BMW 6 or 8 cylinder engine. And then look up how frequently they spin rod bearings or crank hubs, or cracks valve stem seals or lock injectors open.
Crazy
This is why you do not buy electric cars
Avoid Hyundai like a plague
I was starting to like Hyundais and Kia's with their new designs and innovation , however after this story and horrific recalls on their gas engines I think I would actually refrain from buying or recommending them.
I don't recall hearing similar stories from Tesla????
I suspect the real problem is that these manufacturers are actually losing money building EVs, and it becomes obvious when batteries need to be replaced.
That's more than ive spent in over 30 years of driving, including fuel, insurance and tax lol
At this point you'd just set the car battery in fire.
Glad we didn’t buy a Hyundai. ICE or EV. Stayed with Toyota.
Let's face it...the battery isn't even worth $10k ..so why is it worth 60k?
SO IF YOUR BATTERY IS DAMAGED YOU MIGHT AS WELL BUY A NEW CAR BECAUSE NOW THEY HAVE TO CHUCK THE OLD CAR AWAY MAKING AN EVEN BIG CARBON FOOTPRINT AS THEY SAY SOUNDS LIKE THEY HAVE MADE A LOT OF PROGRESS ON THAT BS CARBON FOOTPRINT, VERY CLEVER INDEED!
Hitting something on the highway is never covered by warranty surely.
Better to use normal vehicle for next 10 years till they reduce battery price.
Kyle should replace the battery and save our environment
I bet that battery pack is still perfectly good.  If Hyundai can’t manufacture an electric vehicle that can’t accept a minor impact without completely ruining it, they shouldn’t even be in that business.  It’s just a matter of time before insurance companies refuse electric cars all together.
CARBON FOOTPRINT IS NOTHING OTHER THAN GOVERNMENT LIES, THE WORD GOVERNMENT MEANS TO CONTROL THE MIND, THE GOVERNMENTS OF THE WORLD ARE EVIL, AND LIES ARE THE ORDER OF THE DAY! NOT FIGURED THAT OUT YET???
Car makers and their dealers have been ripping off people for years with the cost of the battery are EV's worth the money ??
This is why Nio will succeed with their BAS (battery as a service) - battery swapping technology. Need a new battery? Get a replacement in 3 minutes 👍
Evs is a total scam.10 to 15 yrs none evs will be made cuz no one can insure them!
its simple write car off sell another e.v as sales are slow!
buy a Tesla.
He is a MUG for buying it in the first place
Want an EV ?Buy a Tesla. The original and the best.
This is what happens when you buy an EV, best stick to ICE vehicles!
When will the sheeple wake up and see all this climate hysteria is a scam, Canadians are among the mentally weakest
Beware: If you hit a pothole in your EV your car will be totaled. Drill baby drill...
Yet another reason that the EV market in its infancy is not ready for large-scale deployment, and it's still a niche product.
a common story for post-Soviet countries, a guy was sold a car that was damaged during transportation, sure it was "new" on paper, but some kind of repair work was done on it... as it is almost impossible to identify, since when buying a new car from a dealer, the last thing the buyer thinks about is the fact that his car was damaged or used...
First, he would know if he hit something or not, so his story starts with a lie. Second, the "reducing environmental impact" in driving one of these cars is just BS. The impact of producing the battery in the first place and now disposing of it and then the  impact of producing the new one he needs completely wipes out any gains from no exhaust emissions. Welcome to the scam that is electric vehicles.
get the new battery then sell the car and buy a petrol engine car............
i would nt buy junk like that in the 1sy place
I’m guessing Kyle won’t be parking it in his garage either. Better to have internal combustion than external combustion.
this is corruption full stop
Simple EV choice  Do Not do it !
ev's are a complete waste of time.
Like phones with glued in batteries ... throw away equipment ... and then they say it's more ecological. Why not make the batteries easily swappable on EVERYTHING
and the old battery i wonder how they dispose of that?? more crap into the environment no doubt and they are trying to tell us battery cars are better than fuel cars, yeah right! we believe ya!
The dealer did not assess the vehicle properly and along with the insurance they chose to right the vehicle off....sounds like a con job to me😂 .....
how can the battery cost more than the car??????? This is insanity!
Long-live Petrol.
I'm gonna espend $60 000 yes, by going after Hyunday with my lawyer.!
Swapping batteries, cars with solar embedded in it's body, buying the car not the battery are all in play.
Another reason in a very long list why you should avoid buying ev cars.
The issues never end with these EV. No thanks
why is there no core price for rebuild parts ? IE re and re a starter , return your old one and get credit , 30-40 % of a new battery
Seriously? Hyundai?😂😂😂
It is a scam all the time.
There is a widespread myth that EV's will save the planet and that the electricity to recharge them is cheaper than conventional fossil fuels. The reality is that EV' s are far more damaging to the environment than conventional vehicles. The electricity used to recharge them is not green but is generated by a mix of sources comprised of only 6% wind, solar and biomass. The remaining 94% comes from conventional sources including natural gas, nuclear and hyrdo electric. The transition to EV's requires the cost of building the infrastructure required to provide charging stations to power the millions of vehicles required to replace petroleum powered autos. Ev's also have a much larger carbon footprint than conventional vehicles primarily due to the impact of mining and processing the lithium, cobalt, nickel and other rare earth minerals required to manufacture their batteries. The elephant in the room that no one wants to talk about is the increasing number of incidents of spontaneous combustion of the battery packs of these vehicles resulting in serious fires that are almost impossible to extinguish. The recent loss of two massive RORO ships at sea transporting EV's are just one example as of such fires. They range from Electric scooter (bikes) combustion in apartments, electric busses burning on urban streets and EV's buring homes to the ground after spontaneously combusting in the garage. Mainstream media is doing a very poor job of reporting on such fires.
The whole EV thing is a joke, this was from a message my brother (in the UK) sent me about driving his Kia EV6 GT: "Went to Derby last week, snow from Kettering north, managed a range of about 130 miles, max speed 85 average about 67, its motorway for 105 out of 113. Not brilliant."
How to get screwed by an EV ! I'll never own one !
They should have just inspected the battery, replaced the damaged battery cover under insurance and called it a day. To be honest, If I owned the car I probably would have not even taken it to the dealer, and just kept driving it until I got my money out of it. Then again I wouldn't have been buying such an expensive car, EV or other wise. EV prices have to come down. Even the cheaper Chinese EV's we are getting now in Australia are still too expensive. When the Aptera becomes available here, that will represent good value for me, because of the extreme efficiency and advanced structural technology built into the car. Gotta watch out for objects in the road though!
It's amazing that the rest of the car is apparently that cheap
Kyle himself lied a little or did not tell the whole truth. With that much scratch on the battery protection cover, there's no way he was oblivious to having hit something on that trip. Besides, if he didn't think the thing he ran over caused any damage to the car, he wouldn't have gone straight to the dealership on his return from his trip.
Carbon footprint is not less than comparable fuel combustion engines.
These guys missed the real point.  How can a battery be worth more than the car?  It's a scam.
Absolutely nothing wrong with the battery!  The short sighted greed of this dealer to avoid an unlikely warranty claim on this undamaged battery is what’s ruining the industry.  The dealer only loses a bit of the labour cost not the cost of the battery. To cause this level of bad press across the world through there own incompetence & stupidity is mind boggling.  Head office should be on this like a flash & overriding their dealers stupid actions. They are helping the EV industry did a bigger grave than needs to be. In fact their not using shovels to dig I think they have a JCB to do it.  …..Before you know it a car park door ding will be voiding the whole cars warranty! ….. Absolute stupidity, get some brains back into the motor industry, not short sighted dumb monkeys ruining it for everyone.
Who buys an electric car? You can’t be that stupid…
Why even build this stupid vehicle its impossible to save money i was upset about Lexus charging me  Five thousand dollars for my new hybrid battery 🔋 from Japan Cheers Stephen ✌️📺🍀
I moved to BC 10+  year ago from Ontario. I realize quickly that dealers in BC are mostly incompetent in help with interest of their customer.  Maybe its because under the rust belt dealer will have adapt and fix vehicles creatively or no one can afford to own their vehicle.  one example. My old Subaru Impreza, the heat shield was rattling. took it to local dealer to get a estimate of repair cost, it was $600+ to replace shield + insulation. Few month down the road I made a road trip back to Ontario to visit my parents. Took the car to where I purchased from to do an oil change. The dealer was able to to fix the same problem with one screw and cost of $2 in parts and free labor.
DON’T BUY A KIA/HYUNDAI ANYMORE….NO SERVICE NO GUARANTEE…….YOU MUST KNOW HOW TO WRITE S E R V I C E ……
Libs and their EVs lol
I hope Kyle learn his lesson and never buys an EV.
In Finland, the insurance companies compete fiercely, so you can just change insurance company and ask to start from a clean slate. They usually agree. I don't know if this is the case in Canada.
🤣😂
Hyundai has a reputation to avoid paying for their faulty engine recall warranty here in the US. It took my Son over a year to get his Santa Fe back. The car was left in the dealer lot for that time and the brakes rusted out. They told him that he would have to pay $1,000 for the brakes as well! A friend of mine had to pay over $2,000 for his blown engine because he didn’t know about the recall. The dealership basically stole his money because we found out that it should have been under the same recall as my son’s car as well!
Several times I was thinking about buying an ev but this and other stories is so off putting that I decided not to go for an ev . Hyundai should be terribly ashamed of such behaviour. And it's likely that nothing is wrong with the  battery.  Absolute absurd.
Hyundai Shooting themselves in the foot!  ……& giving a beautiful contribution towards the reason ‘WHY NOT TO BUY AN EV’
Isn't greening everything splendid way to go high five
The very invoice is nonsense. 1 battery pack at list price of $6649.98 with no discount does not equal at total of $56,646.98. Obviously! So where's the error. Has an extra 5 been to the Amount column, or are the list and net columns truncated? Sorting that out is no 1 priority, given that the LIST price is in the ballpark with other manufacturers. Get a proper quote! What you have is garbage. Either way, would you trust your car to a dealership that is that incompetent?  ......Or is this all spoofed.
Another  reason to not consider an EV.  Even if the battery isn't damaged it still wiil only last about 5 years or less... then the car will be worthless due to battery replacement cost. The environmental cost of producing these cars is astronmenictal, and their resale value and longevity is very poor.  Add to this the inconvenience of having to charge it for extended peroids during a road trip.  They are absolutely out of the question for tradies or anyone doing long kilometers.  Then there's the recharging issue!  If you are charging this car at home or at a charging station in Australia  you are mostly using a coal based power source, so don't ever think you are helping the environment this way!  Australia is focused on renewables however solar only works when the sun is out and wind only works when there is a wind. What do we rely on when we have neither of these and every one comes home after a hard day at the office when it's dark and they want to run their ducted arir conditioner, electric stove  and charge their elecric vehical?  As an urban run around I can see some sense, but cycling back to the environmental cost of the cars production?  I think not!
A great incentive to buy electric cars      - what a scam -  never to be touched with a very very long pole - like many miles and miles and more !!
wow! total rip off..... 15/12/2023
Can we assume the skid plate is intigral with the battery case itself? Why? Who would design it to be as cheap as welding it on? Hmmm, lets think this all the way through..... Lol!
It’s a scam as electric cars itself made by a tree huggers.
That is why EVs are not the future.. It hasn't even paid it's footprint from manufacture.
Hasn't anyone noticed that invoice has an obvious typo error. They've added a 5 before the 6. The real price would be 50 grand less. Still too much, but not worth this level of investigation.
It's a racket ... plain and simple. No need to overcomplicate things.
If all you green thinking people out there stuck to  your combustion motors you wouldn’t have this problem that’s all I got to say about that bye happy motoring
Idk why it's news to people that Hyundai/Kia dealers are crooks , they always have been.
So the cost of operation, wear and tear, is about $6,000 a year PLUS cost of charging! The claim was CHEAPER, not MORE! Hahaha!
NIO Battery Swapp. Car Battery Separation. No Battery Issues. Never. I wait for NIO SwapNGo Stations in the EU.
Sticking that new car into landfill will help the enviroment. This push we're all being advised to do to buy Electric is a world con. If your money means nothing to you because  your well off keep it up. A battery has a ten year life. No-one asks how we dispose of these. They cannot be recycled.
😂😂😂😂😂🖕🔌
I would not touch EV as yet it's just not right yet
that's modern ecology... damaged plastic cover? replace whole car... ;) Very eco friendly!  Not like repairing and using 20 years ICE car...
Moral of the story is don’t buy an electric shitbox. They are just a scam
How can a fair price for a battery be more than the new cost of an entire vehicle manufactures should be tied to maximum 25% of new vehicle cost for battery replacement
Total dealer scam.
In US dollars that's about $44,854 which is still a lot of money. I see this as the tip of the iceberg as EV ownership expands.
This is a con and I will make most of my friends not to buy electric cars made by this manufacturer😢😢
The bottom line is people should run away from electric battery powered cars with batteries at the price tags are not worth the money risk or headaches.
If there was no damage to the battery in the car still charging ran fine why didn't you just continue to drive it?
So was there actually anything wrong with the cars performance due to the scratches on the car?  The story is a bit confusing and boring.
Protection plate not fit for purpose. Driver not at fault.
So, let's say you hit a speed bump on the road. You either pay 60k or, according to what they told Kyle, the battery will explode... I'm not interested in EVs or Hyundays, but that's the final nail in the coffin for those two.
This should be taken up by major networks it sounds like a complete rip off.
Rule #1: In dealerships it's always BS o'clock
It's insane. Mankind has lost their logic.
Soooooooo, the specially designed built in battery condition Indicator (the round circle with the red arrow) is a dead giveaway away as to whether or not the battery is good after an accident, right? Of course the deal ship isn’t going to touch it if it’s got any slight sign of being damaged after observing shifts in the battery damage indicator. You guys are total fools for not doing any prior proper research into this story. Kyle is a numpty for continuing to drive after hitting what looks like a very large pit hole judging by the asphalt lodged in the scratches. But anyway, the car will obviously be a write off if the battery is damaged. That’s an absolute no duh moment right there. The dealership wouldn’t cover warranty repairs to your Tesla if you hit a moose and damaged your car, would they??? So why would they cover the battery under warranty out of Kyle’s fault in an accident? Logic and common sense, people!
EV batteries price is one of the biggest scams out there.
Thank you very much for sharing this experience.  I’m thinking of buying an EV or Hybrid and this information  will be very valuable during the negotiation and purchase.
Wonder if consumers can buy any car at a discount without guarantee, minus the guarantee worth? Cost of car insurance could cost more.
WoW.
Kyle should clearly be compensated by Hyundai for their incompetence as this will otherwise loose them a lot of good will!
Damn.. Asia brand usually look familiar r excuse to evade the warranty and squeeze customer  to buy expensive battery.. It is cruel way for Asia brand.
No to EV. No to Hyundai. No to Trudeau. Long live ICE. 🤖🤖🤖
....Karl, just say your heart. That is, you have been SCAMMED or rather your dealer try to trick you into 'trade in' your year old EV with another Hyundai EV. Most important, they are doing so because of who you are to them!!!! 😅😅😅😅
Rented rather than purchased is the world of these new buyers..  Construction of an EV creates 70% more CO2... With 10 years and 100,000 miles being the break-even point over a traditional ICE vehicle...  So where is the environmental benefit if they can fail to a degree like this where a new vehicle is effectively worthless...  I couldn't imagine that owner considering another Hyundai..  Purchase a used ICE and drive happy...
EV are not cheap, but supposed to be Eco. Scraping battery after 1 or 2 years of use and get another one which no one knows how long is going to be good is not ECO at all.
Of course this is totally crazy business. Unfortunately I have to say why did you buy a Kia, Hyundai ? Especially an electric one ? These cars have a very poor reputation in general. If your going to buy a car you should research the car from multiple sources including crash test data . These cars are well known to be inferior.
I will never buy a EV car I will get a horse before buying a EV hay is a lot cheaper.
Keep buying these electric nightmare cash cow dealer loving dream vehicles  .   Gotta save these woke idiots from themselves by cleaning out their wallets  . It’s a win win for the dealers and a loss for the consumer  dumb enough to think he is saving the planet !
Man I’m just going to stop driving the day I can’t get a normal car.  This kind of stuff is insane
What a goddamned waste.  There are certainly vehicles in much more dangerous conditions driving legally on the road right now.
Never get a ev. Biggest scam of the century
I was considering hyundai.  Hard pass now . Sticking with toyota
Yo, but canadian dollars aint much
People, people, people, why do you give yourselves so much headache? Hyundai blah blah blah. Here's the moral of the story when it's all said and done: Get yourself a TESLA. Kyle buddy, GET YOURSELF A TESLA!!!!! No stealerships!!!! I meant dealerships. Better technology and components with a Tesla. Better build, better user experience, better infrastructure. The list goes on and on. Get yourself a TESLA and watch your transportation issues become a non-issue.
Replacing that battery is how they make money since with electric vehicles there are less services to proform lol 😂. So sad. This is why electric vehicles will have a hard time getting off the ground because of greedy automakers
This is quite eye-opening. I was considering buying a Genesis GV80. It's not electric but after reading here and on Reddit about Hyundai's terrible customer service and warranty-voiding, I think I will be keeping clear of them and EV cars. I might get an EV later when batteries are cheaper and less explosive.
As I watched this video, I swear I heard a voice screaming in the background: SCAM! SCAM! SCAM! non-stop. Now I am spooked! When my mini van fails(a 22 YO GM van) I'm buying another ICE car!
If you want people to not buy your car, this is the way
After market batteries are cheap!
Tesla model 3 13k-16k for new battery pack but they also have the best engineering teams and have worked out most of the kinks because they’ve been making EVs for over a decade and not a couple years.
Stop Buying KIA/Hyundai, they are worthless brands. People just dont understand.
but ioniq 5 battery pack cost only 6000 why dealer put one more 0 on price ... wtf?
This is only on that side of the planet, in Europe you are protected from this kind of things.
While the replace of a standard battery in a Tesla model three is 12,000 Canadian in a GM bolt it’s 15,000. So it sounds like Hyundai is out to lunch. It does make you realize you better find out the cost of a replacement battery before you buy the car.  I would never buy that car now.
Poor guy!
Am gonna stick with an ICE vehicle until replacement batteries gonna cost no more than $5000! 2019 Mazda 6 2.0, benzin, manual is a smart choice!
If you didn’t remove a cover to do an actual inspection, you lost all credibility to me. That dealer would have a big problem with me.
I could buy a nice mercedes for that cost.
I'm sure by the time you replace the battery. There will be many cheap replacement battery from China.
I don't feel a bit sorry for people buying EVs. Two friends bought a Tesla Model 3 in 2022 for $70K+ each. They think it's saving the environment and gas. I hope they don't get any major damage later, but it seems that already over their head since their IQ is below standard. Not to mention one of them lives in a mobile home, literally the only EV in that mobile home community whenever I visit.
In the US the are the second best selling EV brand. Scary to think their tech is poor
The sum of the parts is worth more than the entire car, economics 101, that's why auto theft is such a lucrative field.  Let them total the car, you won't be the 1st. one that this has happened to.
Buy  TOYOTA.....what  Electric  Toyota   said ???    ...buy  Toyota  and have  a  car for the next 30 years......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WOW 😂
So you can call EV a disposable vehicle, in any accident, just go and get a new one, because the battery is impacted.
this is why i will NEVER buy EVs
Shop around for a better car insurance premium
Story told in the first twenty seconds.
Electric Vehicles, or EVs, Are Not Cars  The government and auto industry wants us to believe that EVs are interchangeable with gas-powered vehicles.  EVs are not a “car” as we know them. EVs are experimental transportation devices that the government wants us to accept as a car replacement.  I believe the rollout of them was extremely premature. They look like cars, and seem to function like cars, but they are not cars.  Words and their traditional definitions matter.  Using the word car for an EV is misleading. I try to avoid it.  EVs are a completely different machine and when purchasing one that should be our mindset.  Replacements For Vital Machines (Evs For Cars) Must Outperform Their Predecessors To Be Universally Adopted  For a new product or invention, which an EV is, to replace a tried and true significant part of our daily lives, like our cars, it has to be a better choice.  Do EVs outperform cars in all important areas? How should a car replacement be better? 1) Cheaper purchase price, lifetime maintenance and disposal. 2) Better performance, road handling and driving range. 3) As many or more locations to “refuel” and lower recharging times than refueling. Overall more convenient and time saving than gas powered vehicles. 4) Safer in all ways, including charging away from home. 5) Seamless and transparent replacement for our current experience with cars. 6) EVs should be less expensive to insure. How do EVs stack up in those five categories? 1) EVs are more expensive than gas-powered vehicles. Overall costs over time are much higher for EVs. Even if they were cheaper, the current negative impacts of the loss of convenience and functionality make EVs not worth replacing our cars with experimental replacements. Government subsidies paid to corporations and individuals approach $50,000 per EV. An EV is less functional, yet more expensive? Who thought of this great system? 2) EVs have much higher average horsepower, but other than that the driving experience is not much different and is sometimes deficient. Range anxiety is real and total miles available on a full charge falls terribly behind a full tank of gas. 3) Gas stations are much safer and more convenient than EV charging stations. On the road charging can average ten times longer than refueling with gasoline. EVs fail miserably here. 4) The level of danger using an unmanned EV charging station at night in a deserted parking lot is not tenable, compared to gas stations which have personnel, lights and security cameras. EV battery explosions are commonplace. 5) EVs are not a cheaper, more functional replacement for our cars. 6) A true car replacement would be cheaper to insure. Middle class families already can’t afford car insurance.   EVs fail on almost every measure.  This certainly does not make a great case for EVs.  Using EVs dramatically changes your entire driving experience, one of the most important parts of our daily lives.  There are so many unanswered questions about the impact on us if the government were to ban gas-powered vehicles in favor of EVs.  Mandating EVs will change our way of life.  As with other government experiments in the recent past, they want us to be the test subjects.  I propose we opt out of this government experiment and all others in the future.  Fad For Wealthier People  EVs are still a fad for wealthier people for the most part. Currently they are mostly an option for owners of free standing single family homes and less often owners of townhouses with a garage.  And even for those free standing single family homeowners, once you have more than one EV, it can quickly become impractical, cumbersome and unworkable.  There are government laws forcing apartment complex owners and townhouse communities to allow residents to install charging stations, but they are not widely used.  The vast majority of renters and townhouse owners don’t have the ability to purchase an EV as they can’t charge them nightly.  EVs require access to a power supply that can extend to your EV where they are parked overnight. While away from home needing a charge, you need to find a charging station.  For people who own free standing homes, with a traditional garage and driveway setup, this is relatively simple and most practical. But even then, a family with two or more EVs may not be able to charge all of them overnight. Once you expand beyond one EV, things begin to fall apart.  Many townhouse owners are in the same predicament as apartment renters. Renters of any type of home usually don’t have the ability or finances to install the systems needed to charge an EV. They would also need permission from the landlord.  Even if an apartment complex or townhouse association installed a few, having this done on mass scale for all apartment and townhouse residents is not practical for decades to come, if at all.  Townhouses, although purchased as a residence, are more likely to be a temporary stop to a free standing home, and so installing a charging station may not be worth the investment.  Excluding these drivers will stall or make impossible the complete replacement of gas-powered vehicles with EVs.   So, what percentage of drivers are in free standing single family homes? This is the true market for EVs on the consumer level. And, again, only for one EV in the family.  Let’s take a look at the figures below.  It will tell us what % of us have severe barriers to entering the EV space.  132,000,000 (A) - USA Households			            	 83,000,000 (B) - Detached single family homes						 49,000,000 (C=A -B) - USA Households With Barriers To Entry Into EV Space	                 37.12% (D=C/A) - % USA Households With Barriers To Entry Into EV Space 233,000,000 (E) - Drivers In The USA			 86,000,000	(D×E) - USA Drivers With Barriers To Entry Into EV Space			  86,000,000 out of 233,000,000 U.S. drivers cannot practically transition to EV use.   This 37% of drivers who cannot use an EV is important to remember, as it impacts the rest of the problems EV owners face.  Safety Issues At Charging Stations On The Road  Again, remember, we are imagining a world where gasoline is no longer needed and so gas stations would become a novelty.  So, with only EVs in everyday use, there will be times we need to charge away from home. Where will this take place? There is some EV charging infrastructure built out, but there are many problems. And this is with a very small percentage of EVs on the road.  Imagine, again, that only EVs were allowed. The infrastructure needed is unfathomable.  And what is the infrastructure for remote charging going to look like?  I have serious concerns here as should you.  When we need gas, we simply find an open gas station.  Gas stations have security cameras and personnel when they are open.  We take these well lit locations with employees and security cameras for granted. These safety features do not exist at EV charging locations. Most will be in parking lots of retail shopping centers with no attendants.  This decreases security and increases waiting times.  That is what they are proposing. We should not accept these severe regressions of course.   Parents, let me ask you. Would you accept your children going into dark and empty parking lots, when retail stores are closed, to charge up for 20 or 30 minutes by themselves with no personnel on site?  Of course you would not.  No security. No one in government is talking about this. Remember, they want to eliminate the safe gas stations that are an integral part of our culture and replace them with this.  This is just another barrier I don’t hear anyone discussing.  EVs are not interchangeable with gas-powered vehicles. They are a completely different machine. They are not cars.  Consumers need to demand the same level of security measures and functionality that gas stations provide.
😮 Never! Ever! Thanks for the heads-up!
Once solved then buy an ev
Yet another reason NOT to buy an E.V These vehicles are a disaster for the environment - not just now, but into the future.
Woke lessons
Car batteries can be scanned to see if the electrical output for each cell varies beyond what is acceptable. The dealerships are just too lazy to do so or don't have the scanning equipment.
BATTTERY MAFIA... 😂
Thank you for opening public's eyes about how to deal with dealerships and also I will never ever buy an electric car unless will be that rich that I can afford to replace the car anytime if the bottom of it gets scratched.
The car owner needs to study English and form coherent sentences for he is hard to understand.
kia/hyundai = Total garbage 🗑️
It’s not difficult to understand if you understand that car companies are getting tax-payer funded government subsidies which is why they can sell cars below cost.  What’s the lesson here? Don’t be a virtue signaling loser.. don’t by EV’s. They worse for the environment than ice cars. (Look into the environmental and human damage caused by mining the materials). They don’t save you any money, in fact, they’ll cost you a hell of a lot more in the long run.  Great toy if you’re rich, though!
First of all, if the EV uses lithium batteries, I WILL NOT buy. Until EV are powered by sodium ion batteries, I may consider buying one, that also depending on the price of the batteries.
Several large motor vehicle insurance companies in the UK and US are refusing to insure EV's for this very reason. IMHO before long it will be neigh on impossible to insure and EV, or prohibitively expensive.
Even if the battery cost was $50,000 or 40,000 what rational minded person would agree to buying that car knowing how easily it is to damage the protection plate. Scraping the bottom on a normal engine won't turn it into a potential bomb. So much for the glorious ownership of an EV.  😂
This is future of evs
Just buy a Toyota and you'll be money ahead.
They should have taken the cover off and look at the battery?  My opinion is that it's easier for the dealer to say the battery needs to be replaced so they won't have any liability, than to actually investigate and tell him it's still good.
Damaged battery casings could lead to a short potentially leading to a fire. For this to be determined, the protective cover should have been removed and a comprehensive visual inspection of the battery and its installation should have been carried out. No vehicle should be written off without a complete engineering inspection.
But a Tesla and you’ll never be happier 🇺🇸💪
This story is pretty much the same as the older stores for Nissan Leafs about eight or ten years ago.
Holy shit $60k!!
One.. Dont buy a Hyundai.. ever... two.. dont buy a hybrid/electric vehicle. Noted. Glad i got rid of my Hyundai 2022 Tuscon Hybrid. Good Riddance
"the car might explode any time" When the Kia Hyundai dealer says that about their cars, you know they are all garbage. The company can't make a cheap metal shield plate with soft material between the battery pack and the metal shield plate. The cost is $1000 for a car company to make a protection plate for the battery so that a rock has a no chance against it. 1/2" steel holds up over 10,000 pounds. That Kia is about 5000lbs. It will lift the car before it damages the battery. Also the battery packs inside will add additional support to the plate making it surpass probably 12,000 lbs. Remember what Hyundai n Kia said "The car will explode after you go over some small object on the road" Is this really a car that is safe to buy? After hearing this, I would never buy.
clearly a con
If the story is true, "great job hyundai".
Yea screw kia
I still don’t trust the dealership due to their reputation
Junk
Hyundai Ironic I guess
Virtually every car I've owned has scraped or bumped the underside at one time or another and it's not a problem. EVs on the other hand are extremely vulnerable due to the battery location and their fragility. I'm surprised that insurance companies are willing to insure them.
That's because all of us in this world depend on China. We all suffer because of it. The economy was destroyed by the Westerners and handed over to a single entity: China. So, Westerners shut your mouth and stop bragging about being number one in the world.
You can buy an f-ing brand new Mustang GT for the price of the battery. What makes this even worse is that the same incompetent morons that want people to buy these self incinerating vehicles are the same ones pushing up the cost of living. So people have less money to spend.
Well, that ends any thoughts I have for an electric vehicle. This case certainly makes a mockery of EV being green - throw away a new car for the cost of a battery? Also, with ICBC … Kyle must have had some other spots on his driving record if his insurance is going up 50%.
Noooooo thanks to EV  vehicle
Buy a vehicle with an Internal Combustion Engine. Problem solved.  Everyone who does their research, knows that a replacement battery pack for a BEV is astronomical. And, Hyundai/Kia dealerships don't exactly have a great reputation.  Many stories of very unhappy customers vowing to never ever buy a Hyundai/Kia product ever again.
Exactly the car is worthless without its battery. Lead acid cells anybody?
Wow.....stay away from Hyundai....also I don't think there is anything wrong with the battery....you can't trust those people....
The statement from Hyundai Canada did not state that the quote was made in error, so they are implying that another person facing the exact same situation in the future will feasibly get the same result.  The biggest issue in my opinion is that a sacrificial part such as the battery cover being damaged is not replaceable without also replacing the entire assembly, that is an engineering blunder.
bye EV
I dont think I ever want an electric car
Everytime I tried to plead my case to Hyundai Canada about my DCT issues, they refer me back to a dealership instead.  I felt as though they don't want to be bothered.  After dealing with the issue for over 2 years and multiple visits to the dealership, they finally managed to replicate the issue and replaced the DCT.  It's been a grueling process since their business model is to deny any warranty claims whenever possible.
Fossil Fuel lobby trying every tactic in the book to trash EV revolution.
I’m confused. You hit something looked under the car and had a couple scratches. Ok, so, was the car acting up? Were there any errors or codes thrown? If the car still ran and drove fine why on earth would you take it to be fixed? Based on the pictures there was no reason to be concerned or take it to the dealer.
he should buy a tesla.  The tesla battery bottom are one flate cover, there is no open hose like the Hyndai.   Even any ICE cars ,   would  get damage from road hazard object.
Thank you for investigating and bringing up!🤝🙏
Avoid Hyundai/Kia products 😅 If I do buy an EV it'll be a Tesla
This has happened lots with Hyundai  several  news articles  just in the past month with many owners getting screwed  with ev batteries
I told people this over 3 years ago ..... people called me a conspiracy theorist...... electric cars are NOT the future.  NOT until a new power source is sourced anyway.
"Taking charge" how "Ionic"
ICBC is such a scam.  One of the worst run companies in Canada.
I see the problem the car has no actual heavy motor and heavy drive train it's only fabric plastic and sheet metal so when the battery goes there's not even scrap value 😂😂😂
This is a PR disaster of Hyundai ! Doesn’t matter the dealership did it right or wrong but how comes the protect part of a dangerous part so fragile ! So EV buyers will start asking how much is the battery cost ! My Toyota hybrid cost about 5000 Canadian dollars to replace which is a lot but not the end of the world. The 60000 dollar cost of a battery is more than replacing a Porsche Cayman engine ! Not only the insurance cost of Kyle rise but also all the Hyundai EV will.
I'm never buying a battery car.
From this truth news...EV car is not for me 😅😅😅
Tragic, I couldn't put up with such miserable weather.
Get EV because its good for environment they said  Write off a relatively new car in good condition for a scrape in the battery protection cover.. without even checking the actual battery condition.  Sure.. that must be good for the environment 🙃
tesla model y battery HV replace is 20k at most
EV batteries are said to cost around $200cad per kWH plus installation. There are companies that refurbish batteries too.
For $20,000 I can buy 40 amp hour 2.3 volt lithium titanate batteries, which are fast charging, don't catch fire or explode if punctured or fast charged, and can be recharged thousands of times, maybe the life of the car.  At 800 volts you'd need about 347 of them at about $50 Cdn each, just under $20k.  I'd buy this car as a write off, drive the current batteries until they died, then replace with these batteries.  I never like going to dealers anyway, they always try to sell you things you don't need.  If these batteries are Lithium Ion they are dangerous and can catch fire, so maybe replacing with Lithium Titanate is a good idea anyway.
EVs being good for the environment is a myth. The amount of pollution required to manufacture a battery is huge, on top of the manufacturing the rest of the car. The energy to charge the battery largely comes from fossil fuels, in the major population centers of North America.
I have heard that is brand to stay away from due to parts costing more than replacing the whole car.
any non-TESLA EV are junk cars. nothing can match a Tesla 8 years 120k miles for model Y
The car was not designed for repair.  Like the USAF F35.
I'll buy it for $5000.
A case of a stealership not wanting to learn EVs. This is already a growing problem.
thats the things with EVs, they're no different than apple with iphones.  replacement parts will be super specialized coming from a sole supplier, with everything computerized, hyundai or the dealership or whoever can decide its time to make some money and screw with you when they feel like
The itemized invoice shows just 6,649.98 for both List & Net and yet the extension is 56,649.98 - Computer formatting issue? Odd if it is. I would have expected the cents to have been dropped.
Sounds like EVs have a concrete warranty  , once they leave the concrete in the dealership No more warranty
This is why I steered clear of buying an old Hyundai Ioniq electric, once I found out the price of a new battery.
Its doing more harm to the environment in scrapping that car than driving a fuel powered car for 10 years. Its madness and counter productive. It will end up being impossible to insure an hideous EV, they are seriously dangerous. They are not the answer and the tec just isnt there. In a way its All planned. They don't want us owning cars or owning anything. This dystopian nightmare needs to be stopped.
When a protection cover cannot get scratched, how is it protection? This whole ev scam is actually horrible for the environment,imagine a new car written off bc of a few scratches? Just ordered a car. In my country many are drawn to these Koreans luckily I am not.
Simple solution. Don't buy Hyundai. They have been in the news a lot lately for this problem. It's straight up scam territory.
When the owner buys replacement battery, just buy two, that way when the battery quits next time,  they will have a spare 🙄 😑 😂😂
Someone was very lucky getting the Ioniq5 that was written off.. If it was Tesla this story would be everywhere.. A tesla battery is probably half the cost (refurbish one)
Afrer reading this story, I will not consider Hyundai.  What a Crap company.
Thanks for this video.  Best question is why didn't the battery protection, protect the battery?  Sounds like poor engineering and a lawsuit.
extreme click bait for views on you tube! first of all the car would be under warranty from just normal use. This means there is a great deal more to the estimate than just the cost of the part. It also mean it is in this situation because of something the owner did not covered under warranty or insurance aka an accident. either case is the owners fault and not at all surprised! This is not and should not be scene as something most EV drivers will face. It is something .00000001% of drivers will face as a result of their own negligence.
Firstly its not hundai its hyundai. Secondly all evs have a ridiculous price for the battery  and third every ev in the world is the opposite of green so i dont know why you would buy one. Dont believe me put a multi meter device next to any ev and see how much radiation it emits its through the roof. Someones been telling lies. The radiation will kill the environment and us pretty quickly. And car manufacturers all knew this
Geez, you hardly ever see road debris. One would think the car manufacturer would or should have considered better battery protection. Especially since the battery is MOUNTED under the car. 😂
Just stick with plain old IC powered cars.
How is steel gonna widen on its own?? That makes no sense.
Welcome to the EV (IL) scam world 🎉
I warned you all 20yrs ago, EV are con, we do not have enough power for currant needs never mind the convertion of the rest of the road user fleet. Now we have the cost of battery replacement and disposal, OH, what about exploding batteries, I have not seen many petrol cars blowing up resentlly. The nasties poduced by the manufacture and disposal EVs is far greater than that of IC units. Just use your brains and look at both sides of the picture.
Should have gotten a Tesla! Battery replacement is 10K
Thx! I'm never buying a Kia/Hyundai. Garbage company.
Not USD... I need to get my view up-count back
Do not buy an ev unless you are ready to pay a big chunks of money if something happens to the batteries. Car dealers is in a business to make money and rip you off.
Bet he's so glad he's saving the planet huh?  Can't wait for the 1st similar Cybertruck case.  What?  You took a 4x4 truck offroad & damaged the battery?  What were you thinking?  Can't type anymore now.  Laughing so much that wee is about to come out.
Ioniq 5 in my country have 32 battery cell, you can replace just 1 cell or more if it was damaged
His mistake was to freak out and reach the dealership and insurance, If the car was running fine and not huge visible damage I wouldn't have bother the headache. I feel bad that the insurance took this as a at fault accident when obviously it wasn't his fault that something was on the road.
I will never, EVER, buy an EV.. Hybrid? Perhaps sometime in the distant future.
Hyundai had so many bad stories about their high cost of repair on hybrid cars too. Just never buy these cars
But how can a car been sold less than the cost of the battery in the first case
This is one of the reasons why I don't buy a Tesla or EV.  I can't afford to spend 20k or more just for a battery replacement.  That's why that guy on Youtube just lit up his Tesla because it costs more for the battery replacement than what the car is worth.
EVs are a complete and utter joke, what sane rational person would be these piles of crap.  And to the eco-freaks,tree huggers, your EV is not as “green” as you’d like to believe.  And get me started on lithium battery fires, EV fires are ferocious.
Thanks for sharing,  this is very important problem for all of us to know. Thanks again, and more power to bothof you and your channel.
This is so lame, same as wifey dragging the oil pan on a BMW over a curb and the dealer shrugging and handing over a $40k bill.  Hyudai dealerships are the WORST in Canada, never trust those pirates. The biggest mistake this guy made is not taking EVERYTHING the dealership said to him with a giant grain of salt.  His insurance wasn't going to be affected as much as he was making out. It might take 10 years to get back to a discount rate but, it happens progressively, double insurance first year, drops 10% next year and so on.
EVS are garbage. And a scam
Wake up people great electric car con
So they need a protective cover for the protective cover.  🤣🤦‍♂️🤣🤦‍♂️🤣🤦‍♂️
got ripped off by korean
I would have held a press conference at the dealership and invited my friends to bring marshmellows. We bought a 2022 Hyundai Santa Fe non hybrid and non electric. Love it. Very thankful we stayed away from the electrics.
you can't risk anything with these Li-Ion batteries, the slightest damage could cause a fire in the future. EV's are stupid.
Nice story, but what about the Tesla's, MB's , Audi's. I had a Tesla X and this junk of a car cost me a fortune and headaches. Thats why I got rid of it. Now I driving a Ionic 5 and I want never go back to a Tesla. the problem with the scratch is one in a million. Bjut thats with a car brands.
And my Nissan Teana would not even notice!!
I was considering purchasing a new EV but this video has put me totally off purchasing at this time, its a new petrol car for me.....
There are so many incidents like this coming to ev owners.
Hi am not surprised  Apart from discussing the claim bit  You’re talking spare part prices  Spare parts have a massive margin from getting the part into the central warehouse to the consumer.  Storage costs and transportation is a large part of it.  In case of a battery it also does have a limited shelf life. So that adds a lot of cost to that part.  And don’t forget dealers lose money on purely selling cars.  Their main income is from parts and service
I knew about this undercarriage warranty issue a while back. But there is another thing that can void the manufacturer's warranty that nobody talks about, and that is the external electrical spike during charging that could short circuit your car internal electrical modules
Me in my gasoline vehicle watching this video eating popcorn 🍿👀
Looks like a round rubber plug fell out of that hole
The lesson is never buy anything Hyundai builds. The whole thing sounds so shady there should be a government investigation. ICBC should do what's right and not sanction this guy into bankruptcy either.
So the manufacturer will require a battery replacement (and thus total the vehicle) if the car scrapes something on the road. What do you think they are going to do with every side impact? Any substantial impact at all???  Total loss, total loss, total, total loss. All I can say is you better not be in an accident with one of these.
This is why I stick to gasoline motor.   The bravest car I will ever consider is a Toyota Prius.
Wow. Stopped me in my tracks. Ain’t going down that path any time soon.
Looks like a scam to me !
Just drive it till the battery is dead
Electric cars are scam. Battery is too expensive to replace and diesel generators charge the battery. They are way worse to the environment than regular cars.  All scam and people should never buy it.
So much for carbon footprint, you just junked a whole car. Very eco friendly 😮
The wrecking yards are going to be full of cars that need batteries
Seems many issues with ev vehicles were not planned for prior to puttimg them on the market. These batteries are very dangerous if they have any damage. They also have no way to assess the cells to see if they are damaged, which is likely why they just say replace if the cover is damaged. It seems insurance companies are not happy insuring them. I have heard up to 100 pounds sterling per week in the UK.
If the battery replacement was actually more than the cost of the vehicle. How are they selling the vehicles for huge profits. It’s all a big cash grab. This shows how corrupt the system is.
Ewe, this is exactly why you should never EVER buy an EV. Mining for ev parts than shipping then manufacturing and charging EV's are destroying the environment any ICE could ever do but the libtards demand it. Make it make sense
SUCKERRRRRRRS
So sad human beings screwing other human beings
The high cost is because EVs and batteries are subsidized by government aka tax payers. This is the fraud of EVs.  The car manufacturers can’t make a profit without government. Because of this in this case. A crown corporation got stuck with the bill because it was a collision that caused the damage. Hyundai was afraid battery would cause a fire if not replaced. That’s why warranty voided. This was a liability risk for Hyundai. Lesson don’t buy an EV. Any used EV is a nightmare on batteries.
lol! whodathunkit?  what kind of moron buys an electric car, especially in the cold, dark north?  The resale value of these electric cars is very poor, mostly because of the battery uncertainty issues.  So imagine buying a used electric car knowing that if the battery has a problem you are SOL, well you probably wouldn't want to pay a lot for that vehicle knowing you might get screwed.  If the government turns off the subsidy for these cars then the demand  for them would be about zero.
These cars have a super low ground clearance too.  Also, how does the owner know the bottom wasn't damaged in transit from the factory to the dealer?  Do customers need to inspect the bottom when they buy it? I've also heard an EV manufacture voiding the battery warranty because the customer drove the car in the rain and water got into the battery. (True story) Really green when the whole car gets totaled because of a battery issue... (Not)
Why buy one of these? It's absurdly expensive and isn't going to change any emissions it's crazy
The dealer gouged the customer.  There's no way a battery replacement costs that much.
These glorified gulf carts are NOT better for the enviroment. The mining of the materials is worse than oil. They can take up to 4 years of driving to equal the carbon foot print of an ICE car they're unreliable in cold weather with shortened range and burn at 4500c when they catchfire. Thats hotter than an oxy/ acc cutting tourch The battary is the heart of the car and for the price you mentioned a gas engine could be replaced twice for the same money, and that would be after going 300000km on each engine. I know what i'm talking about i'm a mechanic of 39 years. You could NOT give me this POS.
We warned ‘em. And don’t park it in your garage, because we’re right about that, too.
Until they don't sort out the battery issue I ain't getting a EV as I know these manufacturers will shaft me
EVs are a scam! And this was also a scam - an insurance one!
I gave this video to korean cars hyperfans from indonesia, now they blocked me.  🤣🤣🤣🤣
Should havebeen hybroe, just thro
Someone is going to make a lot of money on that written off car
That’s why I will never buy piece of junk EV cars. I still like driving my 1996 SE & 1999 Nissan Maxima.
Why would this guy spend 60k to buy a Korean made EV whole he could have got a Tesla or German EV for the same price. I personally would not spend over 40K for a Japanese or Korean family car.
This is one of many reasons why EV's are simply an absurd joke.
To me this just shows the stupidity of EVs.  Every time you get a rock or something bounce up and impact the battery shield you have to think "BATTERY DAMAGE". What will it cost to repair  (if possible) before it explodes into a fire ball when my children are in it. The fact that to replace it is more that the cars cost is ludicrous beyond belief. So why would any sane person purchase one of these things. I am in South Australia and many country roads are not paved, in fact just dirt roads so bouncing rocks are extremely common. Under the conditions of this story I would not be able to travel 10 Km from my back door to our local town post office without technically destroying a brand new car, plus another to get home.   So "NO"!!, I shall keep my ICE vehicles get there and back at minimal cost and not potentially die.
If that small scratch caused $60,000 in damages I'd probably get a lawyer involved.  This is insane.
Lol
It’s going to Spload Lucy ?
That is why the hybrid or battery car will never happen. Always buy gas cars guys be wise
Well, that’s one carmaker I will avoid in the future. I’m looking for my first EV next year, but now wondering if other makers will have similar issues. Maybe I will try a hybrid model  instead.
Its not first time i hear these stories hybrid- may be  ev  no
Be stupid buy an EV
i want that car, can I buy it for 1000 dls, since the battery is worth more than the car.
I'm sorry but EV's are NOT less polutant than gas vehicles.
And all you car reviewers keep pushing these Ev's up our butt's and you can't even touch the underside of the vehicle, wow! and his insurance is going to up 50% (that's because it's government run and owned), no thanks keep your EV cause the truth about them is slowly coming out, I hit a tire from an RV with my Chrysler 300 2 years ago doing a 120kmph tore open the fuel tank, drive shaft, oil pan, front bumper  etc... and it only cost me $5000 to repair, again keep your EV junk
Ok anyone can see the hole with bolt head in the battery guard is exactly the same size as the other adjacent holes and they are probably there to give access to those bolts heads in order to removed the battery. That would be a deliberate lie told to get money from a person, which would constitute the crime of Scheme to Defraud.  Sounds like someone, maybe even more than one, over at Hyundai Silhouette Collision's are lying thieving crooks and needs to get arrested. I won't ever be going to Canada to buy an EV.  Kyle should be probably be seeking a legal attorney against that dealership.
in other words don't buy Hyundai. that damage doesn't damage the battery, no way. it was just the cover, Shame on Hyundai, I bought before, no more.
Sounds more like a crooked dealership to me.
You should see the replacement battery cost for the Ford Lightening
It's just another reason, in a long list of reasons; not to go anywhere near an EV!
This shouldn’t affect his insurance.  It’s a road hazard, not an at fault accident.
Tesla looking good.😊
All of the positives of owning an EV are not in effect.  The damage to the environment in creating the battery and then disposal of the battery are much more destructive to the environment on a unit basis, if this happens even occasionally the cost benefit are negated.
That is pathetic. What a scam by the dealers and car companies. Certainly all parts combined plus labour costs equals to the cost of manufacturing. So should be maximum 10k to 15k.   They shouldn't rip off customers like this.
I see car insurance for everyone going up so companies can off set the cost of these batteries. We're all going to pay for these "green" vehicles. But as long as they recylce those batteries...oh...they can't?
EVs are not the way in Canada.
Infortunately this isn't an isolated incident and it's not just a Hyundai problem..  most manufacturers have not truly portrayed the real cost of EV's..  batteries are tremendously expensive even for customer products a small battery with a few cells will cost 2 to $300 or more compared to a vehicle with a massive battery the cost is scaled up.. i watch an interview with a gentleman who ride shares hisTesla which used up all the mileage of his battery warranty in under 2 years and after the battery showed signs of significant degradation it cost him $9'000 for a refurbished battery with 1 year warranty and was recommended to charge no more than 80% to prolong its life.. in my opinion it's isn't even close to being environmentally friendly i think this technology would be best suited on your house where one can really utilize the the battery it it's fullest potential ..
Hyundai needs to give this guy a car, for free. What he's out on insurance in the next 10 years will more than cover that. The fact that they changed policy based on his case shows they were in the wrong.
disposable cars?
Just go get a Tesla. After this I loss confident with Hyundia technology.
Thanks to the EV buyers we will never see a car for the working and lower class citizens again and they are about to mandate these tracked, recorded and monitored and limited travel pieces of crap.
If a battery cost more than a car, stay away from that brand...
Only Hyundai EVs face this problem. EVs from China don't have this issue.
Why would anyone by a bloody electric car?
Don’t buy Hyundai or Kia.
I´m a german, so excuse my poss. lack of perfect english ... what also has to be mentioned here is the enviromental issue. Many also nowadays choose to switch to EV-Vehicles because of the global CO2-Deabate. They say it needs around 150k miles on an EV to come to breakeven with an "oldfashioned " fuel-Consumer in terms of CO2-Emissions. If it now comes out, that a minor damage, little bump or visible scratches on the battery-protector, will cause an complete battery-exchange then it seems EV´s are  not the best decision to contribute to the fight against global warming ....
All Hyundais are garbage.
The labor isn't that much? Dude, it is. It just feels that way because the battery is $56,000! No EV'S for me!
Boomer bullshit
These issues about dealers. They wanna make profit from parts too. So if even the battery cost is less then $10K they add destination fees and etc. To make profit on them.  And lastly: most of the dealers doesn’t have any idea about how to change or fix batteries. So they will hire a subcontractor for these kind of jobs.
That would certainly make me think twice about buying from that dealership !
Sue the organization at least 10 billion dollars
The owner is a moron.  Insurance does not double for 10 years.  It may go up 15-20% for three years.  Additionally he should have gone to court immediately😈
One other point is that the dealership clearly overreacted telling him the battery was gonna blow up or catch fire. It was most likely totally fine. So now an insurance companies taking a $50,000 loss, the owner is taking a hit on his insurance, all because a bunch of standard Hyundai mechanics likely didn’t know what they were looking at.
ICE vehicles are generally good for 20 to 30 years.  EV's are junked once their batteries are worn out because of how much it costs to replace the batteries, and there's no way that the batteries will last 20 to 30 years.
Stealership. Should just stick to Teslas. No stealerships and a far superior EV company
Reason # 37 why I would never buy an EV.   Great video,  Thanks and Merry Christmas.
And EVs are not good for the environment. Research!😂😂
No new vehicle warranty will cover you striking an object on a highway anymore than they will if you have a major accident and the car is totalled.  Don't blame Hyundai/KIA.  This is an EV and that battery pack cannot be subjected to impacts beyond a certain G force which their laptop analysis would have indicated had happened.
Yep, not going to buy an eletric car anytime soon. He got screwed by by Hyundai either way. Insurance premium going up is Hyundai's fault. Terrible investment too, total loss of value after 10 years If the battery is bad after that. I'll just take the cheapest Honda Civic.
i think hyundai and the dealer are scammers. maybe you should buy a tesla.
Now does everyone understand why the President of Toyota wants to get rid of Stealerships!!!!  90%+ of time dealers do not go to bat for the customer.  They just want to sell you a new car.  In today's market they don't care at all.  its not just happening here in Canada but in the US.  Dealers only care about their bottom line.  There is no loyalty left.. EV cars are piling up as people are simply not buying EV cars anymore.  One more thing.... at the end of the day Hyunday = Lipstick on a Pig!!!!  the Host of Motormouth thank you for bringing light to this story and not being bought by the big car manufacturers!!!
I feel that were paying such a premium for a EV and the EV Auto Manufacturers are making a killing but they can't wait until the Battery needs to be replaced so they can double their Profit so if you need to make a Surefire investment you'll double your money in short order.. What a terrible ripoff.... 🇨🇦🇨🇦👿👿
Here’s how the climate morons in the government will handle it - they will force insurers to spread the insanely high cost of insuring the EVs with a pool of ICE cars.  That’s right _ they know when rates are set appropriately for EV risk the premiums will be many thousands of dollars per year.  Since, this will dampen the expansion of the climate change hoax - the cost will be forced down the rest of the public’s throats - just like the purchase subsidies and the lack of paying any road taxes. Enjoy…
Amazed no one has commented on how the list and net price on the invoice for the battery is $6,649.98 and then somehow jumps to $56,649.98 in the last column???
Hyundai and Kia very dodgy with warranties and never want to help customer. Best to avoid these companies
FEVs and FJB. 🔥🖕🇨🇳
You can polish 💩 all you want, it’s still Kia/Hyundia.
I would get the insurance payout and request repurchase of the car. Then either drive it until battery failed or car wore out or part the car (sell car whole or for parts)
This is why you never buy a new model year from a manufacturer who has never done this before let alone the first three years, this is why Tesla is king. They’ve been there since day one.
Don’t buy a Hyundai
Buying an ev is not a  great world saving answer 2 million kg of water used to produce 1000 kg of lithium if 50% of all ev's needed charging at once over night the electric gridd would go down. We don't have enough power now to operate the world without brownouts and shutdowns wake up and see reality  you are being duped  In to b/s... how gullible  has the world become
Thanks for the story. Definitely not getting any EV. Cars need to be sturdy, little dent? They are just gouging, tell everyone, it may be just a dealer thing, and that 1 dealer. What is the name of the dealership? Many cars that use little gas, get a used Honda or Toyota, cheaper last longer.
That could happen if you go over a speed hump too quick.Was the car no longer performing properly?
$60,000 for a battery is just price gouging-plain and simple. Tesla does an out of warranty battery replacement for about $9000 US on a battery that size. Hyundai’s response sounds a lot like damage control because of the publicity it’s getting. These legacy OEM manufacturers just can’t seem to get their act together as it relates to selling and servicing EV’s.  no matter how Hyundai tries to polish this turd there is just no excuse for the battery costing $60,000, companies that are doing it right would be at about nine to $14,000, given a few more years and it will be cheaper to replace a battery than it is to replace an engine engine in an ice car.
Looks like a typo mistake. Look at the repair invoice closely : a 5 has been mistakenly typed to the left of the 6….
Never buy a Hyundai  or Kia!!!!
This is why most people wont buy EVs.  Especially not used EVs.  Good luck with that
Don’t buy Kia/Hyundai period….
Very similar happened to me in Australia with my Holden (Chevrolet) Volt. A 1/4 inch dent on the front protection plate wrote the car off for AU$15000 repair cost about 3 years ago. I was under the impression that batteries are repairable, rarely get replaced entirely, and in my case also wasn't even damaged. Certainly, no-one inspected inside the cover plate. The write off paid out AU$27000, and that was helpful, but now of course, insurance on electric cars everywhere is becoming ridiculous.
Koreans hard to TRUST in almost
How many kids in the Congo had to mine that battery? I'm sure they weren't paid 1% of that to mine it with their hands.
This is just my thoughts on this story, I think the battery that was in his car was a bad one to begin with so they thought of an out for Hyundai so they decided to shaft the owner with this expense! I mean really scratches on the cover voids the warranty total BS to me.
The advice to go straight to the manufacturer and/or importer is a good tip. I had a Honda that suffered from excessive oil consumption, the engine ended up failing around 55k miles. There was a warranty extension because it was a known issue with that model but the dealer had excuses to avoid covering it under the warranty extension because it was not drivable and a consumption test couldn’t be completed. I called American Honda directly after dealing with the dealer for 2 months, the service advisor called me and told me all about how there’s no way they’d cover it without first completing an oil consumption test (which couldn’t be done since the car wasn’t drivable at this point). Two days later he called to say that the rep sent in by American Honda agreed to cover the $10k repair.
Evs footprint is no different to any car, with its extra weight, it like driving anormal car with   large people in all the seats all the  time. To me its showing surport for child slavery. I have no empathy for ev buyers. They just havent done there research.
Thanks much for this very good and important video/information.
Just wait until insurance companies will double your home insurance if you are the owner of an EV and the house has a garage ... Fire risk ...
Hyundai's dealers are a mixed bag
After I got up off the floor from seeing this bill .... I would have started calling everyone and anyone of interest .. From Hyundai Canada, to after market battery sellers ,, and I would of kept the car until a cheaper solution was made ... Writing a new car off for such small damage seems remarkable ,,, Thats a big hit YiKs
EVs are junk that damage the environment 👎
In Australia we have something called the Australian Consumer Law … manufacturers would not get away with this in AU and most certainly not get away with blaming the dealers ! lol 😂
Tesla changed my damaged 2022 Model S battery about $25k
Thank you both for this.  So what happens if a person accidentally hits an animal. ie skunk, raccoon.  Will this void the warranty as well.  If the battery cover is damaged.
If this is happening it has to be stopped...we can’t afford to have cars become like most electronic devices nowadays... We used to be able to use everything without a fuss like playing a CD, but now you think you own something but if that server doesn’t exist anymore your 80$ game might not work anymore, they actually started with physical games you owned. Now with downloaded games... A cellphone is obsolete only after a few years and some never even get a single update... And now car manufacturers think they can handle a direct connection to your cellphone phone... Car makers are not known for their knowledge with actual computers...
Typical dealership behavior. This is also the fault of an uninformed consumer. Why did he not call Hyundai??!!!!
We tried to tell you idiots that EVs were a scam. You should have listened.
I did consider EV seriously few weeks ago but being pragmatic with money I have decided not now. By all considerations fuel engine cars make better quality, more reliable and cheaper. Engine cars can last 20 years easily. How long can an EV last? Are EVs really environmentally friendly? Where will the batteries go at the end of their service? Where does the charging energy come from? Not all countries use nuclear energy!
Don’t Buy an Ev it’s a complete scam
Unbelievable!! I will definitely be sticking to internal combustion engines!! It’s sad that his insurance doubled for something that wasn’t his fault! God forbid you need to actually use your insurance.
It’s insane but I’ve seen the same thing with engine replacement in new cars.  The first that comes to mind was an AMG with a bad engine which was written off because a replacement cost nearly as much as the car new…
You bought a electric car. Seen you coming.  Pony up the dow$$$$$$.
Good luck getting anywhere with Hyundai! I had to have an electric motor and reduction gearbox replaced in my 2019 Hyundai Kona electric whilst under warranty. They just didn't want to do it, yet they knew it had to be done as it was a common problem with this model. So the first trick: fit a new motor mount in the hopes that it will dampen the noise and hopefully the customer won't come back until the warranty has expired. The dealer blames Hyundai, and then Hyundai blames the dealer. I was stuck in a phase lock loop and living over 100 km from the dealer didn't make it any easier. I will never buy another Hyundai ever!
Uh, The slow people start to realize the true cost of EV's. Now you know why Ev's are subsidized by gov't money. Yes, A electric car with a bad battery is worth zero. Just look at Tesla battery replacement cost 30-55k plus install by tesla. Battery could Stop working or start on fire, which would you want?
So lets break this down Hyundai / Kia is still screwing consumers and the Insurance company is not a insurance when they double your rate to get back plus profit off of consumers
My work has me investigating the source of a problem and if I only find scratches and no major impact or deformation... That as smart as saying “you ripped my jacket so you owe me new glasses “...lol
WOW:  This is an eyeopener. If the battery did not sustain any damage because of the battery protection plate being in place, then it would seem to make no sense to write the car off due to some scratches on that protection pan, especially when the cover was apparently not even removed to inspect the actually battery compartment and the battery and associated components. This scenario in addition to the rash of recent EV fires from battery issues might dissuade many potential new purchasers from even considering an EV at this point in time. Your clip was educational and warrants looking into the matter further. Greetings from Ontario, Canada.
The reason why they didn't even had a look at the battery and why they immediately said "replacement!" is because even when brand new and undamaged these things randomly and spontaneously catch fire. Having a battery suffer an "impact" is an immediate red flag and replacing it is the only way of protecting themselves from prosecution if it goes up in flames and causes damage to property or someone's death. There's no "repairing" those things. I would NEVER park an EV in my garage, even if brand new. Welcome to the EV future!
A brand new model has a battery that's under warranty. A Canadian warranty is 160,000 kilometers and eight years.  There's a lot of liars out there. Viewer be ware. The oil propagandists in particular like to create horror stories and scare people.
Why would anyone buy an EV other than a Tesla. They are so far ahead of everyone else it's not even close. There are no dealerships to deal with either. Just a straight prices that just keep getting lower all the time.
All I got from this is this is a nightmare and to just buy a used gas car for a few grand and not have to deal with all this crap at all ever
Dude I would have just driven it with voided warranty.
Simply do NOT buy a Hyundai. If a simple scratch can void warranty, that's not a good car company at all.
That is why I will stick to gas powered cars.
Great video. I like the information on the EV situation.  I've seen other videos and stories about EVs being very expensive when it comes to replacing batteries.  That's why I'm not in a hurry to buy EV vehicles right at this moment.  I get all of the good things like cutting down emissions and saving on gas. But it doesn't justify the cost of battery cost, dealership run around, and insurance going up , etc.
And people say that EV'S are cheaper than ICE vehicles. 🤣 🤦🏾
This is why I am a long way from switching to an electric vehicle.
Exactly the reason I am keeping my gas-powered vehicles.
There are lots of problems with EVs lurking under the surface of eco-friendly driving. In this context, the problem is lithium-ion batteries are fairly fragile. If an EV is in an accident, even if the battery compartment itself was not damaged, the shock of the accident may have damaged one or more cells of the battery. This kind of damage may not be identifiable through a visual inspection. Nor is it always possible for a technician identify the damage by running tests on the battery. It may look and behave as a 'good' battery. Yet, some day the damaged cell may start to heat up and catch fire. If that happens, the rest of the cells in the battery will likely catch fire, too. The heat from these fires is very intense and the fires cannot be put out using common firefighting techniques. If an EV catches fire in an underground parking garage, the intense heat can cause the floors above it to collapse.  All of this means that the only safe course to take when an EV's battery MAY have been damaged is to replace it.   Obviously, this is potentially a huge problem for EV owners, insurance companies, and the manufacturers. A simple fender bender could total an EV. The cost of repair between EVs and traditional vehicles can be huge. More people need to be aware of this fact.
If the car still functioned w/o battery issue it's too bad he took it to the dealer.  He could have ordered a new battery protection tray online and installed it himself and gone on his merry way...but now the "damage" has been memorialized.
His first first problem was buying a Hyundai/Kia.  Absolute junk as far as automobiles go.
Any electric car needs to be driven for at least 6 - 7 years to offset it's carbon footprint in production, otherwise, it's meaningless and may as well stick with petrol cars.
Another reason not to buy the hype of electric vehicles. It’s been proven time and time again that these aren’t “green” vehicles.
Owning an EV should think trice😂😂😂
Wow...!!!  Almost unbelievable. Hats off to Kyle for his restraint and diplomacy, and to you 2 for highlighting the poor fellows' plight. I was at the Bangkok Motor Expo 4 days ago and talked to Hyundai about the battery costs for their Ionic 6, they told me in most cases it would only be a requirement to replace individual cells at a cost of 40,000 Thai Baht each (approx. US$ 1,150) in an age depletion situation, I had not considered this scenario, thank you for enlightening us.  Customer service these days has turned into a hide go seek game for many companies and is quite frankly lamentable. Their lack of accountability and obstructive contact methods (see Air Asia's contact facilities, it will blow your mind) are outrageous.  This story has just about put the lid on any considerations I had to own an EV. I was already somewhat skeptical of the benefits when the secondhand value is virtually zero, BYD told me they would not trade in an old model, battery prices are ridiculous as a percentage of the vehicles value, public charging is not, and may not be fully serviceable / practical going forward, unpredictable insurance costs, and new models and technology are coming out so fast that what you buy today will be out dated / redundant in a matter of months not years.
This isn’t an EV failure this is a Hyundai/KIA service failure.
Another example of all of us being warned.  Never in my life have I ever heard of that kind of money for a rebuilt petrol motor.  Also, if you are in the market for an EV and you call to see what the replacement battery cost will be, keep in mind that is at that time.  So when you need a new battery in five six or seven years down the road, you might as well add inflation.  Automakers have been short sighted and jumped the gun on this concept, acting on government mandates.  A petrol motor will never come close to the cost of a battery replacement on ANY EV.  Period.
Kyle Sue...PERFECT I'd be suing Hyundai too!
EV's are a con job
Wow that's expensive
Simple: Don’t replace the battery, buy another new one
Gotta love new cars, they cost 50k, you hit a bump in the road and it's a total loss.  I think I will stick with my tried and true 30 year old Jeep that's still on the road and cheap and simple to repair.
wow,i feel sorry for him, this is such a rip off and horrible customer service. Hyundai should be ashamed. is the insurance company trying to just pocket the money from making this a write-off when the vehicle is still in perfect condition other than the battery? in the east coast the streets is horrible full of potholes, this would be even more likely to happen. if there is a battery protection cover, the name says , shouldn't it be able to protect the battery at least to some degree. it's not like it was in an accident. minor scrapes from the bottom, shouldn't be all it takes to render this battery dangerous
Why would anyone buy an EV at this point when it will be worth almost nothing during trade-in in 5 years time especially if the batteries cost more than the car itself? Plus batteries will degrade way quicker in Canada due to out weather anyway!
8 years warranty my @ss 😂
Anyone who thinks that EVs are “environmentally friendly” isn’t paying attention to the amount of plastic, steel, silver, lithium, etc. required to build each vehicle. Do they think all those commodities just miraculously appear out of thin air, and will they ever comprehend that the vehicles operating in the ore mines run on internal combustion engines?
It's HILLARIOUS . SORRY BUT ANYONE WHO BUYS AN ELECTRIC VEHICLE  IS DOOMED TO HIT THE BATTERY REPLACEMENT  SHOCK  I REFUSE TO FALL VICTOM
Batteries should be LIFETIME WARENTY.  PERIOD!!!!¡!!!!!!!!. IF THEY CAN'T DO THIS , IN 10 YEARS , GUESS WHAT , ALL OF YOU ARE A BUNCH OF DAM FOOLS . DON'T BUY UNLESS LIFETIME WARENTY.  NO BODY CAN DO THIS. THIS SHOULD BE THE FIRST THING PEOPLE SHOULD KNOW,  NOT THE LAST !!!¡!!!!
just don't buy any hyundai/kia PERIOD.
This is the trick to make privately owned vehicles unaffordable for middle class and poor people worldwide. You buy this trash, it needs a battery replacement before you finish paying for it and you're ruined. Upside down, and maxed out. Soon, the batteries will be considered a wear item.
Bad customer service. Poor dealership. Not even taking the cover off to see if the result of the impact is very poor engineering. The scrapes were minor and the cover should be designed to take such minor scrapes, else why is it there? Even Hyundai don't have faith in their own product it seems. Hyundai as a brand is damaged from stories like this, the dealer should be placed on-notice by Hyundai for damaging their brand. Hyundai have to address charging MORE than the car is worth for the battery, which will mean people look at Hyundai EVs as a BIG long term risk. They will most likely go nope, I am buying a Tesla which has battery changes at $10k. I was considering an Ioniq or other Hyundai EVs after 4 years end of lease for my Model 3 coming up, but not now! I will buy another Model 3 thanks.
So in short, once you have damaged your protective plate due to driving, (like an accident), Hyundai gets to nullify your battery warranty.  Your insurance will pay for the full replacement cost of 60 thousand and take back the car.  You are now free to buy a brand new car with your 60 thousand grand.  Dealer should have evaluated damage better to determine if the 60 thousand full battery replacement was necessary but will actually benefit better from this full write off by possibly repossessing the car and be able to turn around make a resale. Question is how much does the insurance company sell the "salvaged" car to dealer or salvage car dealer for,  probably 20 to 30 grand.  I bet a few months from now, you'll be able to buy this very car for about 30 thousand which will be a sweet deal.  Kyle should be on the look out.  Kyle should make a case for his insurance company not to up his rate because it really wasn't a car accident or negligent driving.  The ridiculous charge for 60 grand is between Hyundai , the dealer and the insurance company.  It's no different from the health insurance business where an aspirin pill will cost 30 dollars while you are in the hospital.  Although this is a ridiculous situation and needs to be improved, I wouldn't hold it against purchasing a EV vehicle.
What a riot... I'm watching this video and a commercial break is a Hyndai Ionic. LOL
Screw all  electric cars. Worthless trash. Gas power is the way to go.
Its in warranty anyway.
Australia it is $7500 to $30000 AUD depending on model.
The fact the dealership didnt inspect the battery but still scared the heck out of kyle by saying it may explode.  Come on!  The distance from the battery and guard probably got larger from the guard dropping not battery pushed up.  The guard should be a guard not a glass cover.  Hope you get this resolved kyle in your favor.
Electric cars are a joke..If you own one your dumb.This is not an isolated incident..
looks like mafia  scam to me
while this specific case sheds bad publicity towards Hyundai in general, my questions is this: 1) did kyle go try a different hyundai to see how much the battery will cost? 2) did the techs do their diligence and follow the correct procedures before telling kyle that the warranty is void? if kyle tried another hyundai, he may receive a different price quote. different locations will represent the company in the most positive way or in the most negative way. just my 2 cents
I am 66 years old and drove over 2,000,000 km only with old cars which I repair on my own. Never spent 60,000 $ for a car. My cheapest car was 250DM = 125 € and my most expensive car was 12,500 DM = 6,250 €… I don’t go to the repair shop and buy my parts from the junkyard…  I drive cars produced in Germany where I live in my case Audi. I’m sorry you don’t reduce your carbon footprint if you’re driving an electric car. What really helps is to drive slower and to remember that the friction trough air is proportional with the square of your velocity.😊
Making sure the pols get to share some bucks takes money
Welcome to the genius of EVs
And this is another reason not to buy an EV.
Be aware. If you buy an EV at this point in history you are going to be a guinea pig. Good luck.
Hyundai are a terrible company to deal with in Australia too.
Just get a Tesla! You’re not dealing with crooked dealers, and EVEN if the worst comes to the worst, a replacement battery is just a fraction of that cost.
They must be out of their mind! Besides, fire outbreak from electric cars is rampant these days. If fuel economy is a priority, buy a hybrid for size.
This discussion is a complete cluster.  The issue is simple, and very little here is different from ICE vehicles.  First, the manufacturers warranty applies to defects in the vehicle, through design and assembly.  The warranty does not cover road hazard or other damages caused by the operation of the vehicle.  Second, damage caused by the operation of the vehicle may be covered by ICBC.  A claim will result in a change in the insured's discount, assuming the insured has a discount for good driving.  That's understood when you purchase insurance.   So the real issue is whether or not the battery is in fact damaged and requires replacement.  To advise replacement of a $60K component one would expect careful diagnosis to be confident that replacement is required.  That has obviously not been done.  Neither the dealer, nor Hyundai, nor ICBC has evaluated the present battery for failure, either impending or immediate.  If the diagnosis clearly finds that the battery needs replacing due to road hazard damage, then it is an insurance problem, not Hyundai's. If you drive your AMG GT over a big rock, whether it is in warranty or not, and puncture the oil pan and seize the engine, it is not AMG's responsibility.  It is a road hazard problem - and the cost of that complex V8 engine will be greater than the value of the car if the car is a few years old.  So ICBC will write the car off, and you get paid.  And you may have reduction in your driving discount.  That's life. The ridiculous claim that the battery could fail in the future and the driver will be personally responsible is just lurid smoke-blowing.  You could say that about brakes and tires, and steering components wearing out in the future too.  ICBC may have to up their game to make such a determination, but I doubt very much after a proper inspection of the battery that it is a concern.  EV's are quite capable of catching fire on their own when in "perfect" condition.
If you do a follow-up,  is that battery protection thing skid plate thick or just protects from flying stones. Also...interesting that the cover is not on the quote. Not needing replacement ? And follow the car please, what did/does someone pay for it from salvage? So much study to be done on battery packs to determine when replacement needed. I'd love to know what an OBDCII plug in says about the battery cells. Horrible situation.
Not exactly related to this issue, but I had an i4 that I was working on that needed all 11 cell modules replaced due to a charging failure at a DC charging station. Total cost came out to $102,000. Batteries alone were about 92k. Car was 60k New. All covered under warranty.
EVs are a bust the overwhelming majority of people in the U.S. will never buy one no matter how much the government and world elites push them.
Not a fan of EVs at all, but if someone really wants one, only Tesla. The rest can rot in parking lots.
F'n insurance companies. 😡
So these cars can't leave pavement...Noted
Get a cyber truck, I am sure it can take road damage.
OMFG !!! if it was me , just cut out my heart and be done with it. these dealers are just milking us
Don't buy electric car, period.
If you needed another reason to not buy a KIA/Hyundai or a BEV in general
Typical Hyundai/Kia garbage PR stuff.  Learned my lesson over 6 years ago.  There's a reason why they have 10 year warranties on many parts. It's because you will need it more often than not. Stay away from them. They are not even the cheap cars they used to be anymore.  Just check out the story about  $70k+ Kia this poor woman bought.
This seems like a scam to me.  The fact that the dealer offer Kyle a discounted new vehicle to replace it confirms my suspicion.  That dealers is a crook!
hyundai is junk why even try it...
I Think you guys are missing the point about the dealers perspective .   From my understanding of what you have presented , is that the battery case suffered an impact on the protective case , but the dealer while inspecting noted some deformation around one of the internal case bolts ( stretching),  obviously these battery packs are not just slapped together on a production line , they would be made in a specialised area just for the battery assembly and testing at wherever the battery was sourced from , these battery packs are made up of hundreds or even thousands of cells and  are not an item dealers would be equipped to repair , and  given the complexity and specialised materials are very expensive, and given the delicate nature of the package , it would be impossible for the dealer to guarantee that the impact sustained to the pack will not cause a catastrophic event down the track , as they do not have crystal ball, and are not equipped to dismantle the whole battery pack and check for any potential fail points. And this is yet another one of the big problem s with all EVs. The complex nature of the rechargeable batteries in manufacturing, the high cost of raw materials, , one has to question the notion that EVs are in any way clean given everything about the batteries suck , they are heavy , they are labour intensive and costly to source the raw materials for them , they take a long time to charge , the range still sucks , and that range will diminish as they age and eventually require a huge in cost replacement, and due to this older EVs are going to depreciate like crazy , and you can guarantee, no one is going to want to replace a $20000 dollar battery on a ten year old EV , let alone a 30 , 40 , or 50,000 dollar battery for a 10 year old electric car. And that leads me to my final question, what is going to happen to masses of 10/12 year old EVs that no one wants , and no one wants spend the coin on a new battery ?  A lot of people keep their conventional cars for decades , because they are built to be able to be fully repairable and easily serviced with minimal cost , unlike EVs. EVs imo are the biggest scam ever imo.
Such a BS - but it's not only Hyubdai does this crap - ask Tesla owners about this cover, 500 CAD each.
Just don’t buy an electric car until sanity returns.
EV is not the future once the progressives get their way riding the city bus will be your only transportation
Me loving my Ice Toyota cars even more.
China . Korea say Thanks for Biden administration. They will give his Families Commission . When some one claim to Insurance . The Insurance will increase cost and We are : American have to pay for it .
All the hassle is ridiculous
Long live the oil and gas industry. Sounds like repair and insurance guys in cahoots. Dealership did not even turn a bolt? And you suggest we trust what a car salesman tells us about warranties?
There was a story a month ago about an Ontario man hit with a $50k bill to replace a battery on his 2017 Hyundai. I think my next car will be pre-2000
Wake up to the real world of EVs and batteries. It’s simply not sustainable nor scalable and safe.
Not good time to get EV. Getting hybrid is more reasonable in this situation.
Now you know the EV companies have you by the balls. A new Ice Engine Replacement doesn’t cost that.
Did anyone actually look at the invoice?   From what I can see, the batters costs $6,649.98 - NOT $66,649.98!   What am I missing?   Look at the invoice line detail at 6:36.
Wow what crazy price $60000 for replacement a battery this kind of  Electrical  car is not eco for buyer 😂😂😂 Poor After sale service from dealer  I will never buy from this brand 🤔
Can't be true.
IMO it appears that the dealer was looking for a payday and that's all they cared about. They did not do a proper inspection. They saw some scratches on the protection shield and was like ok you need a new battery $60k REALLY!!
Hyundai could EASILY just buy back the car from the insurance company, put a new battery on it (or just verify it's not really damaged!) and give it back to the owner... "make it right", Hyundai!  That price is totally out of line... even a new Tesla battery is "only" $22-$25k.  This is so rediculous... and guess what... my BMW i3 replacement sure won't be a Hyundai... which is a shame... I really wanted an "N" series... 600+hp... nice... and "not just another Tesla".
Its just a non starter for me because my phone and laptop batteries are based on the same cells and don't hold a charge after 2-3 years.  Zero resale value at some point. Might as well lease.
welcome to the era of 'disposable cars'.
So the dealer has basically priced the car itself at a couple 100 dollars and the battery is 99% of the car’s value which gives you a good idea of how worthless the dealers  believe Hyundai’s  truly are.
For the knuckleheads who clicked without watching just to come complain, for the love of god, watch the video.  Also, the battery warranty on these is 10 years.  Also, if it's out of warranty, the cost is like $18,000.  Average person spends $2k per year on gas.  This evens out, and you "gas up" while parked.  I'll take that all day long over stopping at the pump.
In year 4-5 all the EV owners are going to realize it was a huge mistake to buy one. They will all be negative equity and lose.  It's not just Hyundai it's going to be across the board.
How does this 'impact' the Tesla Cybertruck which is advertised as off-road vehicle.
And that is why i won’t buy an EV.
If it was 5 or 6 years old, but 1 year old... No way!
Really? I mean are people so out of touch they don't know this? Why do you think EV is so expensive, its the battery. Been like this since day one. Also, if your ICE car is damaged by whatever, warranty won't cover it also. Why no real fussing about the pathetic insurance companies? You do a claim and ruined for 10 years. What happen to spreading the cost around, it don't exist from greed. The main thing here is if the battery was really damaged or not. But the cost of entire battery replacement IS the main problem and will continue, unless the cost really comes down. That isn't likely anytime soon. Maybe the useless government should look into why nobody knows if or when a battery is damaged, and why insurance companies can almost be useless.
What the company said is we sell disposable junk....want to buy another one ? Too bad your insurance is going to double for the next ten years. It's  not us it's our authorized dealer so sue him not us.
For the past ten years, I have been praising Hyundai for their designs and quality improvements. Now the truth is out there, so goodbye Hyundai, you won't be in my radar any more.
Junkers all the way!
Hyundai dealerships seem to be not so trusting, I had issues with mine and just like Kyle they were quick to pass it off.
yet another reason to not get a hyundai
Dealerships are just contractors to the automobile manufacturers, they don’t actually belong to the same company. Just like Bestbuy and Costco are selling the same TV model, but Costco offers much better delivery and installation services than Bestbuy, and people buying the TV from Bestbuy receiving bad delivery service blame the TV brand for the bad service😂
As somone with alot of electrical experience. Just wait about ~7 years from now, every1 who owns an EV is going to have lots of regret about relying on battery technology.
Did nobody actually look at the bill? The battery is 6650CAD plus tax and labor and run around 10000CAD at the end. That would be the price for a replacement battery in the 50-60kWh range. Why someone put a 5 in front of it in the last line is beyond me. But even that should not be necessary before the battery has been tested. This is a scam.
lol
Why people still buy kia and hyundai is beyond me. I prefer to stick to toyota most reliable car company. Toyota has good track record too.
If you truly researched EVs and their climate impact, then you would be even more confused on why none of the marketed reasons to own an EV make any sense.   But... what does seem to make the most sense?  The UN's agenda.
Sounds like we have a  new Internal Combustion Engine vehicle owner in the making..
BC insurance expensive to begin with, then hit with double the premium for 10 years for basically an unavoidable accident.  ICBC needs competition.
OK, never buy a Hyundai!
That's like saying since my phone cover has scratches, they won't repair my phone but I have no visible damage to the phone
EV batteries is like ink cartridges for printers .
People need to do there homework on these EVs they R a waste of time & money there R lots of huge problems with them we shouldn’t B buying them 🤔
what a scam from the dealer and factory!!! Shame on you Hyundai dealer and manufacture.
That's why I am staying away from EV's like  from the plague.
Hunday dealer scammed him. This story cooled me down to think about new EV purchase.
DO NOT BUY EV's. It is not worth it. Plus they ARE NOT ECO FRIENDLY.
Excuse me but the invoice says the battery costs $6649.98 not $60,000
This story STINKS. If the battery replacement cost is about the same as the new vehicle then Kyle bought an EV battery and Hyundai threw in a car (chassis) for free, right?  As indicated why was the cover not removed to actually "see" if the battery was damaged or to confirm that it was safe and that the protector (AKA "belly pan") did its job.  IMHO there was no damage to the battery and the car is still good.  Also, the course of the events outlined in this story clearly demonstrate that noone from the dealership level to Hyundai Canada know what the fk they are doing!
Rethinking Kia purchase. I feel for this poor guy.
Electric cars are actually a disaster. Nobody is going to replace the battery!
How is scrapping brand new vehicles because of a scrape on the bottom considered green.
EV are not worth it, it is stupid to purchase a car that will be charged from the electric grid which obviously gets its power from fossil fuel. The carbon footprint is there. Plus the environmental cost of producing the battery which is extremely contaminant. So the EV's are less eco friendly that gas powered cars.
This really burns my ass. That battery protection plate is a heavy gauge steel and there is no way in hell that those lights scratches would have caused an impact to the battery. What I would like to know is who took the measurements between the cover plate and the battery case and what the true numbers are really supposed to be. This should have been investigated closer right from the get-go. Kyle seems like a good person who trusts people. This whole situation really pisses me off.
That quote is misprinted.  It clearly shows quantity of one battery for 6,649.98 then in the total column it adds a 5 to make it 56,649.98.   What's the story?
This is exactly what’s going to happen in the future for those who are so fancy about electric cars, just stick with ordinary vehicles.
Don’t buy a Hyundai.
Battery Mass Production cost highly, specially labor.
Dump the dealership; sue the dealership for fraud; dump your insurance company. 😠
Hyundai is a horrible automotive company. There is this issue, then there is a Elantra N exhaust issue In California where Hyundai USA did nothing.
Humans are famous for running with an idea before they fully look into all the possible outcomes. Plastic, Oil, Cutting down too many trees. Hydro cars may be the real solution.
I’ll never but an EV
The least they could do is pay the insurance & try to make it up, but they (Hyundai/Kia) void everything as usual.
so when your Hyundai battery dies your car ain't worth shit.
Do you remember the last this time this exact type of situation occurred with an ICE vehicle...where a minor road hazard impacting the bottom of the car resulted in the writing off and forced disposal of the entire vehicle?   Take your time, I will wait.
So, basically they are throw away vehicles👍
Just continue driving the car!!! Pretend you never went to the dealership!
50%? Dont we pay icbc to keep roads safe?
You can fix an ICE vehicle for decades on $60k. Ha! Another reason EVs will fail
Feel sorry for what happened with Kyle. Someone said to me in the past to never buy a Hyundai.
Whether this owner proceeds with a claim or not, the even which brands him a bad driver cannot be undone. The good driver horse, as you say, has left the stable.
I'm sure the batteries are designed to be faulty before their expected life span just to get your money sooner.
No one in their right mind would buy an EV, it's a scam to fleece the public. I know I wouldn't
Refurbished Tesla replacement batteries cost about $16,000.  So much for costing less than a gas car.
Hello, everything you guys have said, does not include getting a second opinion from another shop?  My girlfriend's dealer told her her engine would have to be replaced, because of a major leak.  She was quite upset.  I intervened and took it to a specialist that I know who works on that type of car.   He simply found that the radiator filler cap was loose from age.
The carbon footprint on this vehicle will never be written off. It’s carbon footprint is way more than for an ICE vehicle. Forever.
No thank you I'll stick with gas or diesel pickup truck
Should have bought BYD, #1 brand in the world, and battery replacement is free.
How about someone doing some proof-reading on the battery price listed on the invoice?  Price is 6649.98  Where did that "5" digit in the ten thousands column come from? I see some bad math. Shape up people and fully understand everything before getting so bent out of shape.
biden approves of this EV
EV’s are only as good as the warranty. Once over the car is worthless.
Warning: Using vehicle may void warranty.
Forget about customer experience, why a replacement battery itself, without labor, would cost more than a new car
This story didn’t tell me anything I didn’t already know. 1. Don’t live in Canada 2. Never buy a EV 😂😂😂
you have a quote from the "stealership" is more accurate 😂😂😂😂😂
after this fiasco,why the victim would want another EV or anything manufactured by  Hyundai?
Scam! All of it. Absolutely disgusting.
EVs are not worth the money. I can buy a lot of gasoline for $60,000.00, even in Canada with it's outrageous $.41CAD/gallon "carbon tax". Also EVs can be a fire hazard if the battery short circuits in your garage, like the Chevy Bolt frequently has a history of doing.   Disposal of the spent 'end of life' battery is another problem. And who would want to buy an EV in Canada where the temp can get to a frosty 40 below zero? Try maintaining mileage range when you need the battery power to heat your butt while you are driving!   Costly special tires are also needed to carry the heavy weight of an EV should be considered too.   Also EV battery materials are Unger slave mined in CHINA (Lithium) and by CHILD LABOR in the Congo (cobalt). The EV mileage range sucks too. Because the energy density of the battery will never equal that of a gallon of gasoline.
At the moment no one should be buying EV's. The tech is not there to sustain them!
Stay away from Hyundai.
What's the name of that dealer?  No one should EVER buy a car from them.  They are CROOKS!
Oh, hell no
Never Trust a Dealer! Never...
One thing to note about not taking the battery covers off, it's not a cover that drops from the bottom of the car. Usually the whole battery tray is dropped from the vehicle and the cover is on the top side. Not sure how Hyundai evs work, but at least for fords almost all battery out work/inspection will need contact/authorization/direction from the engineers. The dealer definitely should have contacted hyundai/tech assistance engineers before condemning the thing.
Electric cars are like any other car ... you buy new its ,,, say $60,000.00 BUT if you buy all the spares to build your own car  from the ground up it would probably come in at maybe $600.000.00 ..as for Battery powered cars ...well. thats. life.
Being the kind of person I am, I would arrange to have the battery examined for damage (which you guys say was not done.) Then, depending on the result, I would just continue owning and driving the car unitl end of battery life. I don't worry about reselling it without a warranty because I'm keeping to or past the end of (cancelled) warranty. Likely very few would do what I would do.
what wasn't mention entirely in this video is. Was the battery totally unusable? why did Kyle bring his car to the dealership for inspection?  Was the car undriveable? was the battery totally bricked? was the battery unable to charge or discharge? this story wasn't totally transparent and clear as to why the battery was needed to be replaced.
I think … building a vehicle with a vulnerability like this is Completely Irresponsible! And a factor for this may be… the Non-free market government push and subsidies for increasing EV sales and usage… even before the technology is ready. Which also points to the falures of big government authoritarians and putting their thumb on the scales of natural technology progression.
LoL ----------Green Energy.-----------the pinnacle of brainwashing.............especially taking advantage of a third nation immigrant from Korea.
No Kia or Hyundai ICE or EV 🚫 they will screw you anyway they can 😡🤬 I’m a former Hyundai owner 🤬 never again
People purchasing their cars to be good environmentalists and controlling their "carbon footprint". lmao  You all get what you deserve.
Advice to prospective EV buyers: don't buy one.  Get a real car.  The climate is not changing. ICE engines are proven technology and at peak efficiencies and burn clean now. :)
Note to self. Never buy a Hyundai
His insurance should not go up.
I would have said jack sh it. And kept driving it
So don’t buy a Hyundai.
Sounds like a scam. A golden opportunity for the dealer to rip the owner off.
Wow, thank you for this report. Hyundai you are off my list.
I own a 2022 Mach -E and after watching this video I am concerned.  On November 18, the smaller battery on my car lost power.  I was attempting to charge it at a free ChargePoint station provider by the city in which I live.  Basically, I was testing the system.  I hooked up the car and the ChargePoint screen displayed that the battery was charging.  I live down the street from the charger station and walked home.  It turns out that my Ford app displayed a charging error.  I walked back to the park and attempted two more times to charge my car.  It didn’t take.  From that moment all the sh** hit the fan.  I couldn’t start my car and the display screen above the steering wheel was listing every possible error going on.   I couldn’t do anything and soon the battery stopped running.  I made a service call to a Ford qualified towing company and he had to pry the door open, proceeded to open the front hood, which was a challenge and had to remove covers to get to the battery.  There’s more but right now my car is waiting for the smaller battery that would have taken eight weeks to replace unless another dealership has one in stock.  Today, I was told that one might be available arriving sometime next week.   No one has mentioned a charge and I’m hoping there won’t be.  I added a lot of extra warranties and one better cover the cost of replacing the battery.
Well the choice is pretty obvious…….
If the battery replacement is $60K in a $50K car, the battery must be $100K+ in the EQS.  Tesla battery replacement is $20K how is it more expensive in the Kia? Also, battery warranties need to be researched before buying an EV
Oh wow, yet one more reason run fast and far from anything ev related! Sheesh. Have to be frikkin cuckoo!
Simple.  Never buy an EV.  Those costs are ridiculous
Korean not happy with your truth comment 😂
I don't even want to listen to this any more. The 'hole' is 'wider' that it should be. Hu? Nothing makes sense here, nobody is twisting this guy's arm to buy a battery there. The world is full of scammers (including the MFG and dealer), just stay away from them.
This is ridiculous. Shame on the dealership and Hyundai
It does not matter how many scratches there are on the cover: if the battery tray has been slammed so hard that it was bent more than a few centimeters then it may now be dangerous to operate. It’s not that they can’t say it’s not damaged. It’s that they can’t say that it is safe. Sheesh. Know your technology people.
this is a scam by the dealer, no way does the battery pack and labour cost that much.
This is a very interesting and costly subject. Wonder if you can get Tesla on camera to shed light on their battery warranty policy.
Guess my next car will not be an EV. Too much hassle 😕
who pay for that junk  kia $55.000 dollars ?
Ev ‘s are not environmental, and when you use coal to make electricity, no savings on carbon
Kyle should have just said nothing and just keep on driving or just sell it. I assume there aren't any check lights on?
Wow! What a car dealership and maker 😮
An EV that is 3 years old or driven 62000 miles is worthless and uninsured, Ioniq battery costs 42-45K dollars in the US and Europe. EV the biggest scam after the vaccine.
don't get green washed.....
I used to work for Hyundai/Kia in their corporate office. Don't ever buy anything Hyundai.
Haha never buy a Hyundai! Let alone an electric one! 😅
Go buy Toyota...
You can take your e cars and shove them.
Question to ponder:  Who's gonna' buy an 8+ year-old electric car, knowing the battery WILLsoon fail at any given moment?  I foresee the end of the used car market. You will own nothing yet you'll be happy.
Drive like a sport pay like a sport !
I have the same car I simply got the replacement sales online and put them in myself Only $300
Always Know your warranty, Call your Car manufacture for more info before to go to the dealership. Always be aware that all dealership are scammer...
Wow this makes Nio’s battery swapping business model exactly what the American market needs. Do yourself a favor and look up Nio Chinese auto electric vehicles. Battery swapping will be the norm 10years from now .
I would never buy a Hyundai/Kia....especially now.
How are EVs supposed to be greener than ICEVs if whole cars get written off due to scratches on the sacrificial (non-structural, non-functionally-critical) battery cover? I suspect minor scraping damage like this is extremely common and lots of people are going to discover that their batteries are prematurely out of warranty because of it.
How can they sell the whole car for less than what it cost for the battery? 🤔
Unless manufacturers come up with a no fault  pro rated, replacement price for batteries, people will stop buying electric vehicles unless they can afford to scrap them when the battery fails.
All Car dealership are SCAMMERS. They will do anything to scam every customer they can get...
EVs are the biggest boondoggle in the history of automobiles.
Basically you really can't drive EV's anywhere for fear of a small  piece of debris hitting the battery / battery cover. So these EV's are useless to the average driver.
The infrastructure for EVs in Canada is simply not ready. Hyundai’s handling of this particularly situation was awful.
I just looked at a 2014 Tesla model s today and called around for battery quote . Parts and labor.  $14000. Which seems like a deal compared to this.
I will not buy any Hyundai  electric car
Trust in God, not a car dealership!
almost as bad as US hospital costs
One only has to look at their own battery powered devices, laptops, power tools, etc to see just how expensive (and short lived ) the batteries are. Why would you expect an ev battery to be any different?  The proverb “a fool and his money are soon parted” comes to mind.
Thanks for sharing this story.  Stories are starting to circulate about how expensive it is to replace Tesla batteries as well.  I will never buy an EV.
dealer's a shyster they just wanted to make money a scratch on the cover and it voids a warranty the dealer should be painted as stealers
This is the problem with EVs. EVs with battery problems is literally worthless. There is no future for second-hand EV market. They are literally like current mobile phones. When an EV gets old, buying a new one makes more sense than buying second hand.
get a tesla!
People are already leery of EVs. This is the nail in the coffin.
Stay far far far away from Hyundai and buy a Tesla.  That solves this nonsense.. . . The car is still perfectly driveable.  What should have happened, he should have kept it to himself and kept enjoying the car.
Don't buy a EV
As a 2022 Hyundai Ioniq 5, LR, AWD with Ultimate package owner, Hyundai Canada is terrible to deal with. I love my Ioniq 5 but will never buy another Hyundai. This sounds like a dealer scam in conjunction with ICBC to write off the vehicle. I know Ford Canada got ripped off multiple times by a Ford rep. with a dealer Service Manager both being charged, with the Ford rep. sent to jail. Not surprised no one checked the actual battery. Who says that gap wasn't there from the factory? The dealership needs to be investigated. The Insurance rep. needs to be investigated ... most people are honest, many are not.
Forget that! Let’s go back to horse and cart!
44,739 Freedom Dollars currently
How are we supposed to convince ppl to buy full EVs or hybrid cars when automakers are giving us hefty bills for battery replacement/maintenance?
Long story short, don’t buy an EV until all these issues are settled down
Just like a cordless drill.
So many battery issues in electrics.
KIA/Hyundai for birdbrain peoples 😂😂😂
Buy a Tesla. I can not justify buying any other brand anymore. Maybe some year the other companies will get their s#17 together, but for now Tesla is the only company with the high quality vehicle, charging network, and service.. the other manufacturers need to get rid of the dealer network and have factory owned service along with set prices and direct sales.
Thanks Kyle for sharing this  info : Guys this just Changed My Thinking On EV- VW GTI still my Number One Choice: )
I am thinking kia EV but now i total give up kia EV from now. Only stay with Tesla forever.
Hyundai quality is a joke.  My brand new 2021 (at the time) started having transmission problems at 360 miles.  That was the second day I had the vehicle.  The dealership (Reliable Hyundai) in Springfield MO asked me to bring the Kona in.  Needless to say, the brand new car was in the dealership for over 16 months.   That dealership is very, very dishonest.  They constantly avoided me and my phone calls.   I called Hyundai customer service and I had the same type of behavior.   I have all of the emails to prove this claim.   I had to rent a car for 16 months at approximately $1000/month.   This Kona was brand new and was covered by warranty, but they simply would not do the repair.  I would advise everybody to stay away from this company.
From the quote , the battery is 6649.98 Net, and the amount is 56,649.98. ??
The cost for a new Hyundai Ioniq 5 battery in the U.K. is £5,063.40 (58.2Kwh). Not sure how it’s so astronomically high in Canada?
To non-Canadians, ICBC is the ONLY car insurance co. in BC, canada, owned and operated by our commie government. You cannot get away from them. Free market economy  is an alien concept in Canada.
i would wonder if its better to go with tesla since you are not buying a car from a stand a alone dealership... so what was the actual cost of the battery? My guess is the battery itself should be about 4000-6000 but likely the dealer mark it up because they figure they got another fool. It seems to be how alot of cars now here in the US where dealers are marking up cars to as much as double its MSRP
Buy a Tesla
Only buy tesla never with any other brand ev cars.
What did Kyle end up getting ?
Stories like this are the reason I have 0% interest in a electric vehicles
The PR manager is laughable and said a whole bunch of nothing. You can bet the statement wasn't even written by her, she's clueless somewhere enjoying a 300k salary while not really doing much.
Your video will cost Hyundai millions of dollars of sales for sure!
Hyndai canada trying to make like they are doing something... the fact that a battery cost more than the price of a new vehicle should be the dead giveaway. The problem here is that with canada and US are forcing the public must buy EV then these companies can pull these scams.
Why in hell would a battery, the replacement battery, cost more then the original cost of the complete car with a new battery?
I am not in EV business, but I am in Lithium battery related business. A large lithium battery pack in my business requires internal BMS (battery monitoring system) to fully supervise the condition of all batteries. I would assume in EV it will be the similar case. It should be easily checked by the manufacturer tool.
Korean Samsung was sued in Oz for misleading advertisements.
They had to of added money on for damage to other components. I would expect the battery to cost 20k at most.
I trust dealerships about as far as I can throw my car.
Dealerships are desperate for money, profits.
what is more  outrageous is the inssurance   policy to increse by 50%  for such a minor incident where the driver is not at fault
Claiming a battery cost $55,000 to replace?  The anti-EV crowd has become increasingly desperate.  Problem is... you can just google it and it's 12-15 thousand dollars.  What are they going to tell you next that it's a million dollars? 😂😂🤡🤡
I'll keep my 12 mpg planet killing jeep thanks.
Min 3:19 this invoice is odd. The list and net are both showing 6649.98, but then in the total they add 50K...Where the heck did those 50K came from? Because labour appears to stay consistent across the invoice at 1599.50. Am I missing something?
Rip off by dealer and the insurance company.    Hyundai dealer should of checked the battery.  If battery module is damaged, only damaged module(s) would need to be replaced not whole battery pack.
Two things wrong here  1 is a EV 2 is a garbage Hyundai
Don't trust any Korean car,, stick to Toyota, in Australia Hyundai sunroofs are exploding on brand new cars leaving people to pay for $10000 themselves not accepting ANY liability whatsoever, VERY dodgy reputation in Australia, total charlatan car brand, buyer beware!!!
Stop buying new tech just so you can show off that you got it. You wait for things to get broken in and figure out what the glitches are and wait for updated models and you don’t go through this type of shit.
cannot trust Korean companies. THEY WILL NOT REPLACED.
that guy just wasted 60k for a new defective toy and he's still debating if buying another defective toy? some people can't be saved
It’s called research before you buy , if you buy electric you will be jolted in many ways
Same thing happened in Korea too
Hyundai really dropped the ball here, they should at a minimum worked with the Insurance company to undo the penalty to his driving record, I guess this is a warning don't buy a Hyundai until it's proven they've fixed their design flaws in future models.
10 years or klm restrictions that’s how theyvwin
Never heard of a hassle like this with an ICE car, even for a complete engine replacement.
EV cars are a scam.
more reasons for prospecting customers NOT TO BUY electric cars from such a brand and dealership!
What? This was my ideal electric car, but apparently you can just have it parked, ideally in a garage, since it's totaled even if it's touched by a flower.
That is why you don't buy any cars, regardless of EV or not, from Korea or China!
Thanks for the video! Great information for me as a car owner and for my potential EV car purchase in the future, and something to think about future EV car operating costs.
This is why I have always said that EVs are disposable cars.
Yes. We'll count me out. Trudeau will force me to buy electric one day
If you don't go Tesla, it is likely a battery replacement cost will be at least half the price of any EV currently on the market. Even on a Tesla a new battery without a core charge is about 20k USD. At least they give you a core charge which is about half that.
I really don't believe EV's are the best choice for most people right now. They probably won't be until reliable, long lasting solid state batteries have been developed and deployed. Even then, the cost of the bateries is what will determine whether it's worthwhile getting an EV. We urgently need an alternative to fossil fuel based transportation, I just don't think current generation EVs are it.
It should be a law. battery can only cost 50%* of new car price.   *example
Sound like the "battery protection plate" has a design flaw as the battery was not protected from a very minor impact, this should be handled as a warranty issue for the design flaw.
Yeah, they charge as much as we can get away with... Carbon footprint? Lol, keep you old car and repair it.
That's why there are thousands of cars in the junk yard in europe
if you buy an EV you must look into a mirror and say to yourself wow i really am a low iq,d idiot.
That is called let's gouge the American people some more
Keep on buying the POS EVs.
Theirs a guy in YouTube that repairs batteries for Tesla and other EVs. Hyundai won't remove cover cuz it's a time bomb if the cells are damaged and it catches fire in the shoy
Simple, don't buy that sh*t.
This definitely removes Hyundai EV's as a choice
You get what you deserve
What a terrible dealership.   I’d put their name all over.
There was a time when I was so excited to own an EV one day, but with all the horror stories about battery cost, insurance cost, vehicles being written off for absolutely no reason... I wouldn't even consider an electric vehicle now.
I'm sticking to my gasoline powered Lexus IS350 using Premium Gas!😂😂😂😂
They put the fear of god in this poor fellow,me i would have asked to look at the scratches/underbody then listened to the dealers waffle, used my common sense after seeing minimal scratches, told them to f off, then drive away.
Scotty would laugh life a maniac at this story.
Thank you for sharing this big number issue ⚠️
Sorry, couldn't scroll though all the comments, but isnt the battery on the ioniq 5 supposed to be modular? why was he required to change the entire battery instead of part of it with modules cost at around $4k?
EVs save nothing... particularly the earth.
Wait a minute wait a minute. Why doesn't he just take you to another dealership.  The covers purpose is to protect the battery. Which based on what you said, the cover actually did. That does not mean the battery needs to replaced.
This battery is not a regular battery like the one in a flashlight or mobile phone. In an EV car, the battery IS the car more or less, so it's expected to cost a lot. And it's not easy to test a damaged battery and say with high level of confidence if it'll explode or not as a result of the damage. An EV battery is a complex system, not just a plastic box with some metals inside. So it's not surprising that the dealer doesn't want to assume the liability of something going terribly wrong, and instead chooses to play it safe.
First, this really has nothing do with electric vehicles per se. Rather, it has to do with poorly run commercial enterprises.  One, being the dealer.  And Two, Hyundai corporation itself.  And finally the insurance model that punishes people who are at no fault.  It was never determined that the battery was actually compromised, which means that all of this is basically walking in a china shop with a blindfold on.  Dumb.  I would never buy a Hyundai after the experience my wife and I had with a Hyundai Sonata.  This information further cements my conviction.
Just reinforces what we already suspected...that EV's are overpriced and cost more to maintain than a gasoline vehicle....lesson learned...i'll keep my gas vehicle. You made this a no-brainer...)))
ev cars are a scam
My son acquired an electric lawnmower.  When his shed developed a leak and the lawnmower got wet in a storm, the battery was ruined. The replacement battery cost was 9/10 of the original lawnmower cost.
Good to hear. I don't trust dealerships at this moment in this current economy. They know they are on a gravy train. They don't have an incentive to please customers  and prioritize repeat business. They're only focus mark up they're vehicle above msrp as much as they can, and sell a finance plan as long as they can.
This story does not make sense on many levels.              Normally, the manufacturer must approve warranty or goodwill repairs they are paying for.  Your premise assumes coverage is voided for impacts,  not scratches.  I fail to understand why the dealer did not involve Hyundai  from the onset and confirm damage to the battery.   When Kyle let the insurance company  total his car,  that prevented any help from Hyundai.  I can't believe the body shop was not required to do a tear down to confirm battery damage.  The insurance company must have been pretty excited to get the salvage.   If the battery pack was good, they made a big profit.  Too bad Kyle did not insist on damage confirmation.  He was ripped off.
Hyundai  and the dealership totally screwed this young  man. His  insurance costs are now going to be crazy.
So he hit something on the road whilst driving and he expects for it to be covered by warranty click bait title. No manufacturer is going to cover damage cause by driving
Curious, do they sell used EVs? Or you own these cars until you can no longer afford to maintain? I don't see EV lasting fir 15 years like normal cars.
A reality check for EV owners and those media that heavily promoted them😂
All this for a car.  Forget it.  What a headache!  Will continue driving my gas car.
Hyundai is a joke. Not only is their standard warranty a joke compared to US, but the prices, addons, dealership experience and warranty claims and repair costs really put them out of the contender list for most buyers. Quite a joke.
all the more reason to never get one of these acid battery hazards which also causes more stressed on an already stressed electrical grid!!!!  alot of us americans are on fixed incomes n couldnt even consider these vehicles which are a worse hazard than gas vehicles not only to the pocket book but the enviroment!!!!
The battery was designed to be at the very bottom of the car by the car manufacturers and then they say the warranty is void if the underneath of the car gets damaged? This is fuel (pun intended) for the anti- EV people looking for any reason they can that EVs are rubbish.
Insurance is a scam. Petrol is better. Thanks for the lesson.
I don't understand why all these people still keep saying "the battery needs replaced". The "battery" is a pack full of modules, and those modules are full of cells, it's not one big "battery", I know this because our shop repairs, recycles,and rebuilds EV battery packs. If a single module in this battery pack was in fact damaged, that's MAYBE a $3,000 repair tops. That's all IF because there isn't any documentation that they tested the balancing systems or integrity of the system at all.
A 'good' dealer will work hand in hand with it's customers to insure good and satisfactory work. Any and all insurance companies don't have customers, they have insurance policies that state in microscopic letters how and when they will give the 'insured' the shaft. On the other hand always keep in mind "Consumer be aware". The more you are aware the better you're off. ... and we all know the vast majority are "unaware" so sketchy dealerships and ALL insurance companies will squeeze every nickel from these poor people and never pay out. And speaking of awareness. Think of EVs as being in it's infancy and will be teething badly for years to come. Now, think carefully of what kind of vehicle you dare to own. Think carefully of your car dealer, your insurance agent and your bank account. Oh and don't think for a minute about the environment. The environment wont benefit regardless of your decision.
Man, I will stick to gas engines for a few more years.
These toys are irreparable. They catch fire based on their mood, n drops half their charge in the cold. But somehow, Kyle is still putting EVs in the mix for his next car. I like Kyle. Kyle believes in 2nd chances😁
Yet another outrageous bait an switch. Buy into the global warming hoax and get rewarded with something this stupid. Had enough yet?
Stick with petrol.  The battery process is not environmentally friendly let alone the fact that now they have to dispose of these batteries and the car. Not to mention if the battery gets damaged the fire from these things are enough to take out other vehicles or shops depending on where they are parked.
Glad I never switched to battery vehicles after hearing this.  What a nightmare 😢
But the battery is fine. Right? The driver has no complaints. Just buy a new battery protection cover and no one is the wiser.
Go for a ordinary combustion car until all those issues is sorted out..😮
I’m sure you can afford a new car, living in Vancouver
Bondo the scratches, sand smooth, paint.
Simple always buy a Tesla!
what I don't get is, why you'd put a battery protection cover to protect the battery and IT gets damaged and now they claim that the battery is damaged; which means the battery protection cover didn't do a darn thing to protect the battery.  this story is bad for the EV industry; I mean if it was a gas car and you run over something and damaged something, the cost to repair it ain't going to be remotely close to replace the battery; and also what I don't get is why is the insurance company raising his rates in the future?  I mean, is that standard practice when their car has to be written off? He wasn't reckless; he was even trying to avoid what was on the road.
Hyundai not doing great from all the complains ..
Nerver ever buy a Hyundai
Same in Australia:  Tesla with cracked front bumper: Changed bumper in 3 days but took 6 months to find an expert to calibrate the parking sensors. Now Hyundai had a permanent image issue!
Clarification, please.  "Invoice Quote"  for Battery Sy is 6649.98 List and 6649.98 Net yet Amount is 56,649.98...? Is this because there is not enough space in the LIst/Net columns for the "5".  Remember also that the dealership and corporation by necessity need to be risk averse. If the dealership tech documents "battery impact" and the dealership fails to respond in exactly the manner it did (battery warranty void, battery needs to be replaced, liability for battery malfunction shifts from manufacturer to vehicle owner), anything less would be malfeasance . No, I do not work for Hyundai, no financial interest in any aspect of the corporation or dealership, I am merely stating that what I heard discussed in the video sounds like a reasonable response by the dealership, Additionally, the owner's statement that he saw something in the roadway and thought he avoided it yet took the vehicle in for an inspection anyway is potentially a blessing in disguise. Battery compartment impact noted by dealership could have occurred from an incident unrelated to the one the owner cited, possibly while the vehicle was being driven by another party or even pre-delivery. Had the vehicle not been inspected and there was a big-ugly battery incident does anyone think the corporation would not have denied responsibility, taking the position that the vehicle had been operated negligently post battery compartment impact, denying responsibility and holding the owner liable? EXCELLENT topic for you bring to the attention of anyone who owns or is considering purchasing an EV. I feel badly for Kyle, In good faith he had his EV inspected and gets reamed but good and the most Hyundai is apparently willing to do is give some PR lip service. Not even an offer by the dealership or corporation to provide the battery at cost and discount the R+R labor. I truly hope millions of viewers see this video and make an informed decision about purchasing ANY Hyundai, not just a Hyundai EV. Insurers most certainly have taken not of this sham. I wonder how many claims it will take before they exclude EV batteries from coverage. Why should insurance companies underwrite EV manufacturers while we, the motoring public that is REQUIRED to have insurance coverage on our vehicles, foot the bill?
Just another PRIMARY reason among a dozen others about WHY only a FOOL buys an Electric Vehicle... but say... how does that old saying go...?   "...there's a sucker born every day...(along with those who drank the "save the planet"  kool-aide)  ... but hey fool... it's YOUR hard earned money... waste it any way you want...  But me? I will be the LAST ICE owning fool on Planet Earth before I EVER OWN ONE...
We can barely afford an EV. We would go bankrupt if we had to shell out another $60k for the battery.
I never have faith of the battery life in EV. Total BS of 10 yrs life
Remedy: Do not buy an electric car.
This sounds very iffy. Kyle carries on his journey after thinking he hits something and decides to get it checked when he gets back. He doesn't mention any issues while driving it back but thinks a check would be a good idea. With all the technology in cars these days SURELY there are warning systems monitoring the battery (and if not, why not)? but Kyle doesn't mention any such warnings, so does that mean there was no damage to the battery? If so then you have to question the integrity of the dealership.
Seems strange to hear Hyundai pronounced as "hunday". In other parts of the world (including here in New Zealand) it is pronounced like it's spelt "hy un dai" 😉
Wow that seems to be so environmentally friendly…not 🤣🤣🤣
the public has not been told the truth about Lithium Ion batteries in vehicles and the multiple ways it is damaged..  The best this is if you "supercharge "a battery or create excess heat with high and fast volt charging, it kills the battery . A fella in New york was just hit with $9300 u.s. bill after 130 000 miles as fast charged twice a day as a courier.  The other is there are many companies that will refurbish that battery @ a fraction of the cost, but manufacturers won't warranty, and you can't blame them . The last for me is i met a couple last year near Fort Mcmurry in a New Tesla model Y out of charge @ a rest stop waiting for a tow truck . It was -28 and about -35 with windchill and their 505 km got 300 km in that cold .  If you lost 40% range in winter in your gas vehical.. that would be a recall folks !!!...    Capacitors will solve but years off.
That is a green car then.....
3 years ago just after getting my driving license, I was almost buying into the idea of buying an EV because some of my colleagues were happy owner of Tesla model 3 with discounts. However, I did a lot of analysis in terms potential costs specially uncertainties around battery and also the idea of mileage reduction based on temperature - unfortunately there are too many variables to work with for an EV. I decided to go for a fossil fuel car, may be greater carbon footprint but overall less costly and a peace of mind to be able to run the car for years (well if they allow you to continue with fossil fuel car 😄)
Hyundai Canada should take this up with ICBC and get his safe driving discount back as this was a total dealer cock-up had this been in Norway(EV capital) doubt seriously this would happen like this Hyundai Norway would deal with it and those scratches not even worth going to get checked.  Ten years is nuts, here in Australia we have multiple choices of insurance provider and it's not 10yrs for safe driving discount more like 3-5yrs.  This makes Hyundai look VERY bad and they could lose sales big time.  The cover was the only bit needing replacement I suspect think they went WAY overboard.  Why you need to get dealers out of the equation and only deal with manufacturers.
Thank you Zach and Andrea for a  helping hand. I also delt with Kia Canada and vowed NEVER buy any vehicles from them (Hyundai group) again ever.
Answers so many questions i had about the current and future if ev's. Solidified it for me and so many other's in their decision making in the auto industry
☝️🤡 THE LESSON: DON'T bring it to the dealership to figure out what is wrong with the battery from a light impact
That’s why I’m keeping my 1990s gas guzzler
The key point of the story is get a lawyer involved if you have $60k worth of a claim which you think it should be covered with a 1 yr old car.  One well written letter from a lawyer to the dealer or HQ will get their attention and cheaper than increases in the insurance premium for 10 yrs?
Hope can a part cost more than the original car? That makes no sense.
Good awareness video BUT while address is that on the invoices / qoutes that you forgot to redact / blurr?
If only we put as much effort into carbon capture development and e-fuels as we have into EVs. I feel like the widespread EV battery replacement, cold weather, and range issues won’t be sorted in the next 5-10 years, which means tough times ahead for early EV adopters.  Makes me love my MK7 GTI even more. I’ll drive ICE until it’s too expensive or illegal.
Keep buying hyundai and kia Lol
I visited their showroom to inquire about their car batteries. To my astonishment, they presented me with a significantly high price. This exorbitant cost has led me to firmly decide against purchasing a Korean car, as it appears to be an act of robbery.
It doesn't really cost that much  to replace battery its a scam, a lie. To rip off people thats all.
BATTERY SY = 6649.98 LABOUR = 1599.50 TOTAL COST = 8249.48 This is right on the invoice you show. The 5 must be a typo cause the part price is under List and NET. They didn't tack on 50 Grand on the dot. LOL. This is a joke right? If I was this car company I'd sue you both. Nowhere on that invoice does it show where that 50 Grand came from.
Great job in shining a spotlight on this problem for ALL EVs.  You guys are at least brave enough to speak out on this issue.  Most people do not understand that EVs makes no financial sense to purchase & operate long term.    This young fella just had an expensive lesson  about “saving”the planet.
IMO, this is where the government needs to step in and lay down some laws for EV manufacturers. All batteries should be standardized and easy to replace, at most a few bolts and a single plug to drop. An hour worth of work tops. DIYable would even be better. Order a battery for $10k, slap it on and away we go.
Another Luddite video to download and save for 10 or 15 years from now. Keep in mind that NOTHING happened to the battery and does not need to be changed. The EV is fine.  This is a dealer, who want nothing to do with EVs, which claims that the battery needed to be changed even though the battery was 100% fine. Yet another reason why EVS need to be sold directly to the consumer and be serviced directly by the manufacturer.   You know, like Tesla and Rivian do.
When you're scrapping vehicles for minor battery case damage, are you really helping the environment.
It seems that the "protective cover" needs a protective cover.
So I could buy a RAV4 and a CRV, drive one over a boulder scratching and impacting the underside, not make an insurance claim, drive the other one, and be financially ahead. The damaged vehicle would likely still drive.
Kyle has learned the hard way never to buy another EV again
So wait a minute... Are you saying that a battery costs ~CAD$56k, but the car cost, new, ~CAD$55k - so they are selling them at a loss? And not just a CAD$1k loss, but significantly more, as the car isn't free to manufacture?
Insurance premiums increases by 50%?
Replacing the battery is a scary part of buying an electric car.
If you believe this story you'll believe anything,  propaganda paid for by Big Oil and the Petro chemical industry.
1st of all, after many years of experience, I learned not to trust a single word that car dealers say.   Any damages that can introduce moisture to the battery is fire/explosion risk, and that expensive and dangerous part is placed at the bottom of the car with a sheet metal casing. Go figure how hard it is to damage the battery casing. It’s not just Hyundai problems.  Even a bounced small lock can cause a damages.  Covered by warranty or not, all EV drivers should be educated about this serious risk.  This person was at least tried to fix it, but many people will just drive as long as it moves.
Clickbait.
I just looked up the part - $30k for US, $42, for CAD at various websites that sell Hyundai Parts. Charging an extra $14k on top of that seems...BS. The battery shouldn't cost more than $15k, so even the $30k price quote is BS.  Testla will charge $23k, but beware, it's a remanufactured pack that could completely suck and carry a 1 year warranty, as some already found out.
Stay away from EV.  PERIOD.  IF you want a problem though, buy an EV lol.
years ago i had so much issues with my Elantra, tried to repair but they told me all the issues were normal and nothing will be done by hyundai. Then my wife bought an accent and the dealer charged her for the pricier sport model while she chose the base model, she was charged almost 4000$ more but in the paper they put the base model for delivery, i noticed the price and called, they said its an honest mistake and will adjust the price. I said never again because they have the worst services, liars, thieves. Now we are shopping for a car, my wife suggested Kia or Hyundai, i told her about all their issues in US and what all the issues we had with them, she directly changed her mind just thinking of all their lies.
DONT BUY EVS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Battery swapping ability like Nio won’t have issues like this!
Everyone is scared shirtless that a slightly damaged EV battery is a bomb waiting to go off...
Thanks so much for this extremely informative video. Hyundai is definitely off my list for future purchases (EV or otherwise) based on their abysmal customer service. I've shared this with everyone I know. I actually had purchased a Hyundai Elantra for my daughter some years back but luckily she hasn't had any issues with it.  I've let her know what to expect if she does.  Thanks again for the "heads up" regarding Hyundai warranties (or more specifically, the lack thereof).
$45,623.45 US dollars. I thought that EV batteries had a self check feature to detect faults. I guess the self check is the check a customer writes to the car company.
This is the biggest joke I ever have seen. $ 60K a battery?  Protective cover on the bottom of the battery should be a solid protection. Here is a piece of junk. Poor engineering. This poor engineering may be through the whole manufacture. I will not take this risk to buy any Hyundai in the future. I was close to buy the nicely ful size SUV. Definitive I get a Lexus. Pay a little more but get a much better car and the retail value will cover my more cost in the beginning. I have owned and drove more than 70 cars in my life. This here turns my stomach upside down. This video will have a serious Impact for the manufacture of Hyundai and other companies. EV's already in a bad light and dealers have trouble to sell them. 😠😡😩  I wouldn't buy any electric car. Is from day one a headache in service and to many repair visits. Warranty is over and all is on you. How can someone sell a car after 6 years when the new owner has to replace the battery soon... about higher milage or coming up losing the warranty on the lifespan from the battery? I saw people in a line to get their cars charged. Waiting time 2 hours. You have an appointment ... may start a half day ahead. I travel a lot for photography and have to a certain time on a location, what is not possible with an EV car.
Thanks for this. Makes me think twice about buying an EV (Ioniq 5, specifically), honestly. I drive a bit on rugged, rocky paths, and if a single scrape underneath can make the vehicle worthless... that'd be a real bummer.
Hyundai have a cheek offering the fella a discount on a new car🤔 why throw away good money after bad. Very poor response from hyundai. No proper inspection done which should have been the first port of call from dealership. All this does is damages a companies reputation as a manufacturer of cars for the very poor response from them. Good on you guys for bringing this to everyone's attention how you can end up with no car because of a few scratches on an under tray.
Just another comment thanking Kyle, Andrea and Zach for bringing this to light!!
They should've given him a brand new car, at no cost to him. Kind of disappointed in Hyundai.
Hyundai offers you an extended warranty but is crap ....if Hyundai doesn't fix to warranty because battery on a ev car because is part of the vehicle
In the US, batteries are covered 100% for three years/unlimited miles.
This is why Musk skipped the dealership model and started an insurance company for Tesla customers. The dealer and ICBC dropped the ball on this issue. Dealerships suck billions in profits out of the system. I suspect the reason Tesla is making money selling EVs when the establishment is not is mostly due to the bypassing of the dealership sales and service model. In this case the driver did hit a road hazard so he is responsible for the claim costs and rate increases.  That applies to all of us. My wife drove through wet paint   covering the width of the road after a paint bucket fell off a truck. ICBC told her if she wanted the paint spray cleaned off the car it would be considered a collision claim. He is responsible for hitting the object in the road. Based on the damage in the video this would have been a substantial piece of construction debris or similar.  The only issue is the obscene price and writing off the battery as dangerous and defective with little evidence that is true.
If you're buying an electric car to lower your emissions and footprint, you're ill-informed and not following the real science.
just buy a gas suv and prob solved lol ugh
And what is the purpose of a protective cover, that does not protect what it's protecting?
ICBC passing cost of business to their customers even though they are paying premiums every year already... Why bother with insurance in the first place lol
The government needs to set rules on car companies to stop this nonsense
No chance of me buying an EV in the near future,I don't fancy being a guinea pig in this whole process, seems like they making up the rules as they go along!
Why does it need to forced by the media that is bad Hyundai needs to do better
Nothing surprised here. They have been lots documented on this. And your right, cost of replacing are way too high so lots of vehicles will become junk in the future. So now what....do we lease so we do not deal with this. What value will these vehicles have after a lease. Will it be 50% off because of cost to replace battery?  This is so stupid please bring on hydrogen. It is why I have not done an EV not to mention living in Canada and dealing with our winters.
Car companies need to be be more honest or never by that brand again
NIO
Buy a gas powered car .. get 400-500 miles per tank., refill in 5 minutes and do it over and over again ..! Do the homework on ECars ….. killing the environment to make the battery’s .!!!!
FROM FORD>>> (5) The electrical drivetrain system of your vehicle is covered by the Hybrid & Electric Vehicle Unique Component coverage for eight years or 100,000 miles, whichever comes first. The components in the electrical drivetrain system of your vehicle will vary, depending on whether your vehicle is a hybrid, plug-in hybrid, but you can rest assured knowing that your vehicle’s electrical drivetrain system is covered by this comprehensive warranty. Depending on your vehicle, electrical drivetrain system components covered by this warranty may include, and are not limited to: high-voltage battery, high-voltage battery connector, battery energy control module (BECM), on-board charger, inverter system controller (ISC), DC/DC converter, hybrid continuously variable transmission or electric driveline motor and transmission range sensor. If an electrical drivetrain system component requires replacement under warranty, it may be replaced with a new, factory remanufactured, or factory refurbished component, at Ford’s discretion. Refurbished battery components selected for your vehicle will align with your vehicle’s age and mileage, and meet Ford’s stringent requirements and standards. (see "Note: High-Voltage Battery Gradual Capacity Loss" below). Note: High Voltage Battery Gradual Capacity Loss The high voltage battery will experience gradual capacity loss with time and use, similar to all batteries, which is considered normal wear and tear. Loss of battery capacity due to or resulting from gradual capacity loss is NOT covered under the New Vehicle Limited Warranty. See your Owner’s Manual for important tips on how to maximize the life and capacity of the high voltage battery.  !
while you say a couple of times Canada, currency should always say the country
This is a good video.  I heard many months ago that a lot of EVs were being written off by insurance companies because the manufacture will not guarantee the battery integrity when only minor (and what often appeared to superficial) damage was incurred.  It is good to hear a story with more details than a sentance in a news storage.  What is really obscene about this is even if the battery were truly damaged, it should be possible to refurbish and resell and recover 75% of its value.  So in Kyle’s case even if the new battery is legitimately 60k, he should be getting a 40k to 55k  credit on the original battery.
We need Uncle Rich to get on Hyundai's a$$.
Shouldn't the battery be modular. People always talk about battery recycling and how the materials are worth something by itself. Storys I have heard about Tesla battery's are around 20k worse case.
As a 2023 Kia Soul EV driver here in Canada, this scares me. Canadian roads routinely have absolutely TERRIBLE bottomless-pit level potholes at the end of every winter (especially here in Eastern Ontario) and sometimes these hazards are unavoidable. I have a extended warranty on the battery through my local Kia dealership but I can honestly say this scenario did not enter in to my mind or my spouse's when we were going over the warranty before signing. We of course talked about range and battery degradation and how all that worked. You'd think a shield to protect the battery getting a scratch on it shouldn't void said warranty because the shield is doing its job. I know Kia and Hyundai are separate brands but it's all the same company, I worry something like this will happen. There's no way I'm paying $60K+ CDN for a battery replacement on a Kia Soul EV, the car is soo not worth that price. And I would not want to take that kind of a hit to my insurance. Bought the EV to save on car maintenance costs and fluctuating gas prices, and of course to do my part in the fight against climate change but I can see how something like this can give any prospective owner pause. It's bad enough that charging infrastructure is so terrible in this country, add this battery replacement issue on top of that, why would any Canadian want to buy an EV at this point? These companies need to seriously address this issue.
Looking at that bill. It almost looks like a typo. In the list price column it says the battery lists at $6649. Then it looks like a 5 was added in front of that number for the total.
This is outrageous. Since Kyle was still driving the car, I’m not sure he should have replaced the car at all. At least, get a second or third opinion.
the invoice says $6649.98 as list and $56,649.98 as Amount...$50,000 difference.  Which is it?
I keep hearing about Korean car companies' maintenance/mechanic issues. Someone forgot to tighten the nuts on the wheel, forgot to put the engine oil lead back, and, now, see scratches and void the warranty. Then, the battery costs more than a new car. Some cover scratches are going to void the whole car's warranty.... Insurance is another nightmare. Buying another new car and choosing a 72-month finance option might be cheaper than a 10-year insurance increase. EV is really scary. The battery cost is crazy.
To anyone looking to buy an ev to save money on gas,  just remember what the batteries do on your laptop, cell phone, tablets, power drills and headphones,  If those batteries die in 3-5 years why would I expect a car battery to magically last longer (while being subjected to outside temperatures), When you get a quote don't just ask how much it costs to charge, ask how much it costs to replace the battery in 5 years,  As far as I'm concerned if it has a battery and I cannot replace it myself I see it as a disposable product, and I don't feel like spending $60k+ on a disposable car
I just found that battery for 31,666. That's still a ton of money. Thanks for the video. Good information.
Whoever by these electric cars deserves this. People need to do their research on all these new electric cars.  Dont buy them
Right on ! Great after all you bought that piece of ev propoganda garbage now deal with it
Thanks for such an eye-opening video. In Europe, it is the same story, and owners ended up giving up. Dealership will say one thing, and headquarters can just bash you referring back to dealership.  Until the world had a proper system in place, dealing with EV's battery replacement, , I'll stay combustion.  In conclusion, EV's are posed to be saving carbon footprint, but in reality, the mining of the batteries raw material is more destructive to the planet than a comburstion engine material.
Why tf are they charging more for the battery, than the entire vehicle?
This is why people are starting to see the light. EV’s are not worth the cost.
Wouldn't buy a Kia or Hyundai if it was half price much less if it was EV.  Dealerships really must send their employees on training courses on how to scam their customers .  Doesn't look good on them.   Hope this goes viral.
This is such bad PR, Hyundai better change their policy. I wouldn’t consider buying a Hyundai in the future if things don’t change.
Zach, tell your buddy Brian to avoid Park & Tilford in NVan when driving his Ioniq5.  The speed bumps aka sleeping policemen outside of the Starbucks are nearly impossible to not scrape the undercarriage. My totally stock bimmer nearly always scrapes no matter how slowly I go over them!
So….a car that costs under $60K has a battery that costs $60K+.  Doesn’t make sense.  The rest of the car is worth -$2000.
What happens when these EV’s get 8 to 10 years old and a battery replacement cost more than the car.  Does anyone think about this?  Are these cars essentially throw away vehicles?
This is a very well-made video that is going to force new/potential EV owners to be more discerning with electrification. It is very neutral and is based solely on consumer protection. I hope this also makes lasting improvements for the auto industry.
FIRST JOKE YOU BOUGHT A HYUNDAI........... 2013 TO 2022,,, NOTHING BUT ENGINE AN TRANSMISSION AN DRIVE LINE ISSUES, .........
Mind blowing! Electric vehicles sucks. Period!
Simple answer to get manufacturers to get real - STOP buying EVs until they stop this kind of nonsense.  This has confirmed to me that for the next 12 years (if I live that long  - I'm 72) till 2035 when you won't be able to buy a new Petrol or Diesel car in the UK, I will not touch an EV. I have one diesel Merc E 350d (brilliant  car) and a Toyota Rav4 petrol Hybrid (also brilliant). Frankly, I wouldn't have  contemplated buying an EV even if prices halved. After watching this, no way at all.
Kia/Hyundai are the best E-cars you can buy. Yes a new battery-pac is very expensive, but that is the same for other electric cars. Volkswagen don't like to be clear how much you you have to pay for their battery-pac. Besides that you get a much longer and clear warranty from Kia/Hyundai. So how objective is this?
This was crash damage warranty’s don’t cover damage parts ! If he had put a hole in the sump in an ice car and seized the engine would he try and claim under warranty for a new engine that’s what insurance is for
Battery replacement for a 2015 Infiniti mild hybrid sedan is $20,000 US. It's just a small Battery in the spare tire well. Car won't run without it. This car beautiful car got scrapped.
I can't believe that ICBC would double Kyle's insurance premiums for 10 years for hitting an object laying on a public roadway! It's not always possible to swerve around an object on the road, even if you see it in time. And now with more and more common controls beings put on screens rather than a button or knob that you could operate without looking over, there is more time your eyes are off the road. Insurance companies should be raising rates based on how many controls are on screens...
Why would you buy an EV ! The batteries are a real problem
So in Canada they call hyundai  hundey?  😂😂😂 muppets.  Also who goes to the dealership and takes only their advice.  I thought everyone knew dealerships rip you off? Is this not common knowledge? This guy was a muppet.   Did he also see the wallet inspector on the way there?
Total crap, total BS, total corruption, and total ripoff. I would NEVER purchase an EV from Hyundai or anyone else under the conditions this guy went thru. They did not even have the decency to remove the protection cover to inspect and test the batteries. That's mechanics 101. Disgusting behavior from the dealer, Hyundai, and the insurance company against this guy. It stinks!
Simple solution. Don't buy a hybrid!
An initial battery diagnosis through the OBD and then a few cycles of 100% charge down to 10% and a secondary battery diagnosis should tell the state of health of the battery.  From what was gathered here, the dealership did not do that.  The protective plate was not removed, no eyes where on the actual battery pack. The plate only showed light scratches, no puncture.  Doubt there was any impact on the actual battery. Since these simple steps were not done at the dealership level, I'll put forth this. This scenario could have been used by the dealership for the most profit and for the least amount of work.  Service tech tells customer, battery is damaged beyond repair. Scare customer with possibility of damaged battery causing explosion ( dealership used the word Liability ).  Show a legit repair order for a brand new battery that costs more than the vehicle.  Tell them to go through insurance.  Insurance either pays the $60000 to fix the vehicle ( huge profit for Hyundai and the dealership, Tesla and CATL are at $100 per KwH ) and customer gets his vehicle back.  Or the insurance company writes off the vehicle and the dealer can sell another $55000 Ionic 5 to said customer.
A battery ‘protection’ cover that didn’t protect anything… how did these pass all the R&D that went into this?
Hahahaha😂😂😂😂,,,,suckers!!
Guess it’s still 10 years too early to buy an EV. Was actually planning to buy in a year or two.
7:47 BAHAHAHAHAHA!!! He believes every word they said. What a robot.
They both scammed him. There was nothing actually wrong with the car to begin with. Just the cover was damaged. So they gave him probably $30K and will go around and sell the car for 70K, making $40K profit on top of what he already paid for his insurance.   Time to lawyer up
It takes a real piece of work dealership to quote 60K to replace a battery on a 55K car. Without making any effort whatsoever with head office. What a bunch of boneheads.
The ridiculousness of this matter has gone far and beyond. Part costs more than the vehicle, did I hear it right? Insurance had ridden off the vehicle due to defective battery, what? Driver will pay more for insurance even if he did not hit anyone and didn't violate the law, wow! What world we live in? It's time to change!
So the battery protection cover, failed to do its job. That could be considered a manufacturing defect, that resulted in the battery being damaged, if that's the dirty game Hyundai wants to play.
Hyundai / Kia is a garbage company and has a long history of shady crap screwing over customers😊
Meat for the anti Ev brigade.  One of the most expesive parts of an EV is a battery  pack and this ones pack was damaged in an accident (which interestly there is not a lot of detail about) so therefore not covered by the warrenty .  Insurance companies  are quick to right all types of cars off these days becuse its cheaper for them to do so.  I do think a more detailed inspection should have been  carried out but then so many dealers offer poor service these days.  I am in my 6th year of EV ownership and they are  amazing and as the latest Cop summet showed they are needed now mpore than ever
You have to thank the 80 million Americans who voted for the old corrupt dictator corrupt Joe sleepy Biden, don’t want to sound stupid political in your video but the world has to know.
I have called Kia North Vancouver dealer to buy the PHEV Sportage and the sales told me that the waitlist is 3-4years.  After learning the Hyundai/Kia battery replacement cost…which is a ripoff in my opinion, and the unprofessional dealer’s handling process in this case, I am going to buy a traditional gas car.  This video is very informative and I admire both of you telling this dark side of the EV story
Where is the 30k ev for the masses?
I’ll stick to gas/hybrid
The basic problem is the $60000  replacement battery which cost more than the new car. They think we are all stupid or what. You can go kiss my ........ mother-in-law.
EVs are a huge financial gamble in which the buyer is always going to be the loser whenever anything goes wrong.
The battery cover is not damaged that badly. Someone is taking the pee. Even if the battery was damaged, this a rare one off and a customer services issue, nothing to do with EVs. Where they were getting that 60k figure from is anyone's guess. The cost of a brand new Tesla Model S battery is 20k max. Stop bashing EVe with dishonest comments people. Your bias is like bashing LoveFilm vs Blockbuster 15-20 years ago. We know where the future is.
This is 100% on Hyundai and their dealership and service practices. Tesla figured out how to deal with battery 'impacts' 10+ years ago. A battery cannot be that expensive. There also written-off cars because of other types of accidents that have fine battery packs.  A quick edit: battery 'health' is something that can be checked via ODBD, which will also report cell-level voltage and temperatures. If all those are good, then the battery as a whole is fine. The 'case' of the battery is built to be able to take knocks without affecting the actual cells, and this particular case is a BLATANT disregard to how these batteries are built and what level of physical damage they can take before they are actually damaged. The only solution for this case should be Hyundai re-evaluating the car in particular, talking to the insurance and returning the car to Kyle.
What could be better; Hyundai wins, the dealer wins, and the insurance company wins.
This is insane. Hyundai dropped the ball here. People are going to avoid the brand.
The dumb are getting fleeced. 😂
Hyundai has had an abysmal reputation for customer service at its dealerships long before they started making EVs.  I am glad corporate is finally stepping in because this could end up being a real headache in the long run.
Just don't buy EVs. Simples.
Huge thanks for outing this, fortunately at my age I will not be forced into one of these things , huge regards
This is an another nail in the coffin of EV, here in the uk lots of manufacturers are giving up to 50% discount on new evs. The bottom is falling out of the used ev market as nobody wants stung with replacing the batteries in 8 yrs or so. Not very green are they as there’s millions of gasoline engines lasting for decades doing millions of miles.
I would blame the mechanic/inspector that look at that battery protection cover. He's not doing his job properly
Kudos to the two of you. You have dealt with and reported this in a top professional manner. 👍
It's another massive flaw in the BEV concept. Puddles void the warranty.
surprise! That is the issue NIO trying to solve.  Battery swap is the future,
Dealership are going to stick it to you any which way they can. He should have contact hyundai and find out about the Dealership claims. If not true get everything in writing and take them to court
This is where our Federal government should get involved. I personally would get a gasoline vehicle until this kind of fiasco is eliminated. A citizen could be bankrupted by a damaged E.V.  causing a fire to a housing complex. E.V. Fires are almost impossible to extinguish by normal means as they are chemical fires.
It would be an interesting study to identify the actual replacement part number and cost of an ICE motor as well as an EV battery across the entire automotive industry. Unfortunately I suspect the findings will be similar to this case. Even hybrid systems compared might shock.(sorry, couldn’t resist - there I go again)😂
Yea....So intelligent to buy these idiotic cars
The statement from ICBC (the insurance company) didn't make any sense.  Kyle didn't involve in a car insurance.  He might have driven over something that caused damage to his EV/battery pack.  But that shouldn't classify him as a bad driver and raised his insurance premium.  Similar situation as a driver driven over a pothole and damaged his vehicle.  Would ICBC increase his insurance premium?
This also shows a major problem in long term ownership of an EV, after the warranty is over(3 years)  this car will be worthless and create more garbage then ever before !
I don’t believe that these electric cars are sustainable , they hide so much information to hype up the only selling point is the battery power. Why isn’t there more on what damage it’s causing to get the raw materials to the environment ? £60 k is just rediculous !
sounds like woke non sense for EV !  that's why our insurance is so expansive
Protective cover needs a protective cover! What a world to live in!
All these evs will be scrapped within a decade. Compare to a 20yr average lifespan for gas cars. Tell me how this is better for the climate?
$4k-$5k for a battery replacement....another bullshit story!😖😖
I will NEVER buy any type of EV. I don't give a DAMN about what Joe Biden says, electric vehicles are garbage 🗑️!!!
I’ve sued Honda America successfully twice for defective engines. They will put you through the loops unless you get a lawyer involved.
$56k+ for a new battery. Get bent Hyundai, you scam artists. EV’s are such a scam! Buy Hybrid instead if you want a happy medium. He also bought the EV because it’s new and trendy. And that is one of the problems right there.
I extrapolated to amerikan dollars butt havé NO idea what thé cost is héré
I think u need to learn about EV thermal runaway as it can easily happen after minor damage to the battery pack occurs. These EV fires are insane and risks burning down the owners house not just their car.
All that plastic destroyed by a scratched battery cover great for environment
This is still why the Tesla is the best. Already been reported multiple times their battery replacement even though high are only 15-23k and a much more stable company when compared to EV market.
Sounds like that is good for the environment Trudeau
I had a major problem with the dealership and Hyundai canada would not even respond to my concerns so many reasons to stay away from Hyundai
What about removing battery for inspection? Looking at the surface of the battery cover  and decide that warranty is voided.B.S.   Tear that cover off! Look inside,Juanito! Juanito,LOOK!!! Holy shiet! Is that a human hand holding a note???   "Dearest sister,  I found out my hot neighbor is a lady boi after I invited her/him a night of heavy drinking. Now my a-hole is swollen. Btw. I just ate Bulnak spicy Korean noodles. I will always hate you for pouring water on my Xbox. Goodbye world!"
I’m glad I came across your channel and that you advocated for the young man in today’s economy people don’t have money just to throw around. And what hurts his kid is his insurance rate are now going to be much higher what a shame.
Wow... what's a scam, you can't keep this car with battery damage due to risk of fire.  This is a huge mistake and problem of buying EV.  Thus Kyle is young and surely being taken advantage in this situation.  It is awesome that you guys expose this problem.
I thought when I heard battery replacement from Tesla at over $20,000 that was bad but $60,000 for battery for a car that only cost 55,000 that’s a rip off it’s a scam. Wasn’t the whole purpose of trying to convert the US to mainly EV cars was to save money, how in the world is this saving anybody money this is costing this poor kid money. Hyundai should be ashamed of their selves and if I was his kid, I would see about taking them to court.
Yet another reason not to buy an EV. They’re not ready yet for the mainstream buyer. All the savings you think your saving buy not buying gas will be wiped out the moment the battery goes out.
After seeing this situation, why would anyone buy an electric car with a big battery?
Don't buy electric cars. The companies will suck your blood through your bank.
Electric cars are not the answer until it is easy and cheep to replace the batteries. This will never happen so… good luck with your electric car.
The total loss of a vehicle's value, whether from a fire or a scratch, that can be directly tied to a design failure?    Hmmmm
if you see the invoice on 6:41, the real amount is 6,649. 98 …… the additional 5 is a typo… thank me later 😅😅😅
You get what you get and you don’t get upset 😂 Progressives going to be all upset. Stop complaining. Scrapping a brand new car is great for Gaya
I am a hyundai EV technician very familiar with the Ioniq 5. The large EV batteries are bolted to the bottom of these cars in a way that it takes up the entire undercarriage of the vehicle. From about where the driver sits to just before the rear wheels. This does not leave a lot of room for road debris or road hazards to strike the bottom of the vehicle. We have all involuntary hit something on the road before with our gas cars. Its inevitable. If the vehicle impacts something on the road it can compromise that battery. Think of 350 cell phone batteries all bolted to the bottom of your car, inside of a metal case, thats all it is. The general consumer might not understand why the "cover" that is mentioned cant simply be removed for inspection. These batteries are 400 to 500 volts DC current. Its the same reason you cant pry open your new iphone with basic tools and replace the battery. They are very dangerous and can kill someone if handled improperly. Nothing the dealership told this customer is incorrect. There is no service procedure by Hyundai to inspect the battery, the cover mentioned below the battery is not an access cover. It is the bottom case of the battery, it is not servicable or removable, these are decisions the manufacturer makes, these are the things in my opinion that a consumer needs to research and fully understand before buying an EV. There is also no warranty coverage on a vehicle that has impact damage. These are facts. And if customer want to own an EV these are things they need to educate themselves on. No one has to buy an EV. No one has to buy a Hyundai. So at the end of the day if a consumer buys a product and then uses that product in a manner unintended by the manufacturer such as hit a rock and bottom out the vehicle, press the case into the battery. Than that is on the consumer. Why would that be warranty coverage? No different than if you had a new iphone and happened to drop it on its screen while using it and break the screen. Its not warrantable and I think the biggest issue is misinformed consumers that dont fully understand what owning an EV means in terms of driving habbits as well as cost of ownership.
Even if the battery was only potentially replaceable after a considerable period like a decade, it would, as the owner said, totally eliminate any used value. That alone would prevent me from considering an EV. To have an impact not only necessitate a replacement but eliminate the warranty is ridiculous. Surely since it's easy to hide this sort of thing in the 4000 page agreements they have you sign during purchase, it's a good reason to avoid Hundai for any kind of purchase, especially EVs. Maybe the US and Europe should slow down EV sales until this sort of problem can be handled. My hybrid battery could cost maybe $4K but not $60K. And I sustained a BIG impact over a piece of bad pavement and that was expensive in body work but no-one recommended replacing my battery either. Maybe Hundai needs to give up on producing EVs till they can do it in an affordable way.
Don't buy hybrid,  it's a scam
There is a lot of unanswered questions on owning a EV cars. 1. The cost of the parts replacement. 2 The battery will be expensive as it cannot be airfreight due to the hazardous material, so it needs to be sea freight that cost time and duration. 3. Resale value of EVs. No one will buy a used EV if the life span left than 50% charge rates unless the batteries replacement is cheap but  unlikely. With the geopolitical climate on going, it’s unsustainable only government think so and  trying to fools the end user for environmental protection.
From the spontaneous combustion, higher insurance rate, limited range, limited infrastructure support, and ridiculous battery replacement price, I won't be purchasing an EV anytime soon. Oh, and by the way, for people who think they are easier on the environment, I've read that it takes about 10 years of driving to offset the pollution caused by the manufacture of Li batteries.
What strikes me is that the protective barrier beneath the battery provided no protection.  I'm sure it is part of an intricate system that prevents battery fires and explosions, but, bottom line,  still allowed the vehiclle's owner to suffer a total loss from a scratch.   Voids the warranty?    Really??!!  Imagine a car with an improperly placed and poorly protected gas tank, that bumps into a mailbox and blows up.  Blame the driver?
Another example of why EVs r not economically viable or green
A good argument for buying a tesla. No dealer.
There’s talk of hydrogen powered vehicles as well so who wants to risk so much money when there’s no guarantee one technology will supersede the other?
The bigger issue is buying a Hyundai. Run away from Hyundai and Kia.
Look on the bright side - it makes those of us who want to drive Audi, BMW, or Mercedes no longer be the laughing stock of the cost of repairs!
Another example of why to never buy an EV. A new gasoline engine, which would never be needed from a few scratches, would be much less. And a damaged engine isn’t a ticking time bomb. It simply makes no sense to buy an EV. Stick with gasoline, traditional or hybrid if you want to save money and have the freedom to go where you want.
Was in Vancouver late last year ..Coming from Australia .we could not help but notice the amount OF EV'S on the road .mainly Teslas ..my question is have you all bben brainwashed over there? by Trudeau
Well i guess Tesla battery replacement sounds a lot more reasonable being that they are numerous on the roads so cost should be about 6 to 12K to replace the battery. Berri No-ICE.
A huge problem for EV ownership. Batteries are crazy expensive!
Chances are, an inspection by the manufacturer would have shown no damage to the pack. Thats a good thing about Tesla, no dumb dealers, the car would have gone straight to a Tesla service centre.
EV's are not the answer!
Nothing makes sense anymore..
a battery costs more than a car  with the same battery in it, just buy a camry drive it for 10 years until your insurance goes down, by then you'll prolly want to keep the camry for another 10 years lol.
Hyundai, the automotive industry’s answer to the easy bake oven.
This is why you don't buy electric cars🤣🤣🤣
that price for the battery is absurd. in case of a $110K car  with 130-200KWH battery sure but not this... the EV industry told us battery's are 50% and now less the cost of a car to make, then why is the replacmeent batter which is cost not more to build or buy then which is put in the car in the factory, then how is it this expensive?
well... the issue is, we hear for a decade now that the battery cost 50% of the cars price.. and since then the batterys got cheaper to make, so a batter should not cost more then $20K.. so how the fu, are saying the battery costs more thene the actua lcar? this is ABSURD!
All ev vehicle will be the same if you want or need a whole pack. There is no remanufactured batteries yet .
Simple problem solved dont buy electic cars
Unbelievable, so a slight impact can explode you’re battery according to the dealership. No ev for me thanks
It's green ? 😂
Hyundai/Kia corporate in North America is NOTORIOUS about not standing behind their cars when they have engine and battery issues no matter what they are.  The government in the US has to force them to do right instead of them voluntarily doing right by their customers when trouble appears.
What a load of rubbish. Chance is youl never newd to replace the battery!
The end result is pretty simple….stay away from Hyundai / KIA!  From burning engines, to $60K battery replacement fees…..give me a break!  Stop 🛑 with the EV fascination!  If it was proven, reliable technology…..fine, but it’s not!  Proof here is there are still too many hurdles to overcome before EV’s become mainstream in the automotive industry.  You are foolish to think that is already the case.  This story confirms that fact!
I'm sorry we are seeing the sting in the tail of EVs. We can't scam customers on servicing, but we can scam them on huuuuge parts prices . $70 K for Tesla batteries, Anti consumer practices.....people we need to revolt against big corporations. These EVs are freaking social status statements.
Simple solution: legislate to standardise modular ev battery  design so that third party suppliers can replace battery without voiding warranty of car.  Ev Battery should be considered as fuel rather than component of a car.
Hyundai Sucks. ICE or Ev.
Hyundai decided this would happen the moment they priced a battery at the same cost of the car.  Now I guess we need a law that says the vehicle sale must include the written price for a replacement battery right there under the economy data.
Easy don't buy these type of cars ????????
Oh ya. Driving EV can save you so much money from not buying gasoline. Once you have saved up those money from not buying gasoline, you can use it to buy giant batteries.
I have ZERO sympathy for EV buyers that don't know the cost of battery replacement. Disposible vehicles, so eco friendly.
I won't ever purchase an EV they cost twice as much as a combustion engine car and repairs and battery replacements are twice the value honestly, even recycling the battery will cause more pollution than the combustion engines produce and you are still making the vehicles the same way as others so its not much of a difference at all so EV can shove it up their arse
Sounds like Hyundai Canada is the same as Hyundai UK. There is no real customer care unless media involvement. Even then it’s shockingly poor. Weird for high cost as Kona battery was $9000 4 years ago.
99.99% probably the battery is perfectly fine.  Does it drive right, does it charge, any CEL or codes?  This is a non-issues there is nothing wrong with the car except for a little scratch on the bottom of the battery protective cover and missing an inspection piece.  Secondly, a quick google search reveals the price of the complete high voltage drive battery assembly is about $32,000 American dollars.  Even with conversion, that;’s a LOT cheaper than $66,000 Canadian.   Whenever a legacy car dealer prices a repair for an EV super high, it is a “leave and take your weird electric car out because we don’t want to deal with it and learn how to fix it.”   But it doesn’t even matter because THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH THE BATTERY, and if there was, any competent person could repair just the broken part for a FRACTION of the price talked about here.  All scare mongering, and the anti-EV/MAGA crowd will eat this up and spread FUD.  Also I smell something fishy with this story.   Seems like an insurance scam, where the owner needed to get out of his payment sponsibility and faked/staged the damage to the underside of the vehicle to get an insurance payout.  Whether if that’s true or not I don’t know.  What I do know is the dealer he took the vehicle to is horrible. They can’t check the battery to see if it’s damaged or not????WHAT!!!! How about plug in the scan tool and measure the individual cell voltages for imbalance?  A damaged cell or module will show voltage creep or sag, relative to the other cells or modules.  This includes both static voltages, and putting the battery under load with hard acceleration/regen, and charging both on L2 and DCFC at 240kW.  They can drop the pack out, remove the covers and inspect the individual modules, this would only. Be a few hundred dollars of labor charge, which the insurance could cover.   They can check for any pack coolant leakage or loss of coolant.  Heck just drive the car and mark sure it accelerates, regents, and gets maximum DCFC rate.   I have a feeling the guys at this dealer are clueless, or they and/or the vehicle owner are pulling a scam.   So frustrating to hear he scrapped a perfectly good almost brand new car.
Trouble is impact damage is only one problem. They even have problems with water. They don't like you to drive in heavy rain etc. Also ev batteries degrade quicker in cold weather climates apparently. Too many problems for such expensive vehicles
NMC battery is Expensive > try to get LFP battery :D
This is a warning to people on avoid Hyundai  cars.
The car will be thrown away costing more wasted energy than it would ever save.
The future?
More and more, I will NEVER buy an EV!
I would be happy to get rid of the shit car and buy a petrol car and screw Hyundai.
Really like the design of this vehicle.  However the fact EV's  ( tesla's ) catching fire ..... over heating batteries.  Cant put them out .  And batteries all of a sudden expiring inside 6 / 12 / 18 months . It's bloody laughable  & stinkes of corruption 2me  .  Aussie Guy .
Amazingly, a quick Google of that part shows 43000 CAD on just the first two results….
As much as I am sceptical about EVs, you can get batteries repaired for a reasonable amount
So, what you're saying is, my 22 year old rust bucket of a car (crown vic) is worth more than a one year old Hyundi with a damaged battery cover? I'll stick with the gas powered vehicles.
I’ll stick with ICE. I put a new Triton V8 into my 2006 F150. $8,500 USD.
Don't buy a electric vehicle,it is utter nonsense, by electric vehicles if you don't have to work for a living and have a lot of time to waste hanging arround charging stations and most of all if you have a death wish😂
This is NOT OKAY ! this needs to be SUED!
No problem avec NIO , change la batterie àvec 8 $ .
NIO! This story is great advertising for NIO's battery swap.🙂 Instead of charging simply swap the battery each time it runs out of charge. NIO!
To me the solution is very simple don't buy an EV under any circumstances.
How does a component of a car cost more than the entire car? 🤷🏻‍♂️😂😂
So devils advocate, you guys dont k ow the volatility of a potentially impacted battery.  I think it was right for him to claim a total loss.  At least he is getting money back, and in some cases it would be the full cost since it is related new.  You guys sound like YouTuber who are in the same boat of restoring completely trashed super cars.  While it may seem good in short term, who knows what happens when they wreck it.  Again, you could buy a car that looked perfect yet it was submerged in swamp water for months.  Get over yourselves.  Just because a car looks new and not damaged doesnt means it isnt.
should have got a tesla.
sticking with my ICE for a while until EV issues are resolved....if it will ever get resolved...very good content
Sounds like something Apple would do. Heard of right to repair ?
To solve the problem is easy. Kylie should take the insurance money, Kia, to replace the battery for free :-)
Yes, I get what you're saying here......don't buy an electric or hybrid car, cheap rubbish that breaks easy, and then the dealership palm''s  responsibility on to an insurance company. What a nightmare
Jesus!!! How much would these batteries cost if the rare metals were sourced ethically, no more child labour, proper consideration for the impact on the environment from which they are mined! The end of government subsidies on these cars. Twice as much, three times as much!!! Who knows!!
Saving money on fuel is just a lie… these EVs can make you go bankrupt!  No way I will do it.
Good job, Hyundai!  Create a perception that spare parts are unreasonably priced - right when inventory is sitting on dealer lots 30+ days.  What is the Korean word for unsustainable? Tone deaf?
But why do EV batteries cost THAT much?  Forget the insurance company acting like assh*les  (like they always do), why do EV batteries cost so much... as a percentage of the car cost?  My diesel BMW battery is simple to change and costs about $400 all in.  Which is exactly why I am NOT buying an EV until at least 2035.  If a single essential part of the engine is THAT expensive, then it's a luxury car and should be priced at $150,000+ for sale.
is Kyle Korean?
Exact same story with electric forklifts. Junk piles everywhere.
want an EV? no thanks! 😅
56k for a battery, this is some bull 💩,  all over 20k, maybe 25k whit labour and tax is fraud, 🍁$  They should have inspect and repair battery, if it is possible, replace protective plate + some module if needed.
U wanna know what i think, The dealership mechanics and them icbc wtf ever bois are in on it… U dig. Poor Kyle. But won’t be the last poor Kyle for sure… Ev’s opened up a whole new way for these insurance/ dealership dirty bois to make a whole lot of dirty clean money….
ICE engine vehicles have a much smaller carbon footprint if this kind of battery replacement is the case.
Hi guys. I’m in Australia & some 15 years ago the Mercedes Vito van my business owned, sudden, after the usual annual service, the diesel engine self destructed. Being told it was simply a mechanical issue, I, asked to see the engine after it was pulled down. The quote then was some $10,000 AUD! I then saw it, asked for a written explanation & took photos. They were not happy. I then contacted a mate who worked as a top mechanic with Mercedes Benz in Melbourne (Australia). He in turn contacted head office in Germany. Our engine was the first ever known to suffer this catastrophic anomaly. In other words the story from my local regional Benz dealer was total bs. It turned out their first year apprentice had butchered a fuel injector on attempted removal. Pieces of metal dropped down 8th the cylinders. As I was getting nowhere locally after this I contacted Mercedes Benz Australia directly. They got involved, then investigated & concluded there was some “lack of care” by the dealership. The engine was replaced & cost us only 30% of said quote as it was technically 2 years out of warranty. Mind you the principal owner of the local dealership then contacted me & said I should’ve approached him directly. I told him his senior management said I had no recourse & would not
How on earth does an EV battery cost 55-60 GRAND????   I get profit and making money etc..   But there is no way in hell a battery costs the same price as the entire vehicle.  Just stupidity and someone must have made an idiotic mistake
ev reality bends owners over the desk with their pants round their ankles, so that they can discover the length and breadth of the ev virtue signalling shaft.
This is why I still get gas car
NIO vehicles are best, battery can be swapped,  can be home charged like any other. NIO the best.
Anyone that buys an EV has to find out the hard way, they're garbage.
Just another reason not to buy a  EV💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
Why do you people keep buying Kia and Hyundai vehicles is the question ❓. Stay away from these electric cars. Carbon foot 👣 print my ass. The world runs on fossil fuels. Do what my mechanic told me to do. Just buy a Toyota or Lexus. Buying another Hyundai or Kia would be insanity. Those cars stay with blown motors.
I can't believe you've run this story without looking at the invoice.  It says 1 battery ordered @ a list price of $6649.98 a net price of $6649.98 but then the extension is $56,649.98.  How does a battery priced at $6649.98 become $56,649.98 - this is obviously an error in calculating the amount.  If I received an invoice like this I'd be questioning the dealers accounting software.
Name the dealership please.
The space between battery and cover was larger than normal, not because the battery is compacted, but the cover is sagging 😂 gotta put some anchor points near the middle there, Hyundai - and future-proof the design of your cars.
The future is making fuel from RE/nuclear.  It will cost 20 times more to charge a stupid battery than to make fuel from 100% RE.  EVs will ALL go bankrupt.  The concept of a BEV is silly stupid.  The fire risks alone make them invalid.    BTW, new combustion tech will be:  150/100 MPG HWY, 240/160 City, 200/133 combined on gasoline/Ethanol.  It will have 2250 mile range on 15 gallons and full CO2 capture.  On 45 gallons...6750 miles HWY with no capture.  Combined is 9000/6000 miles on 45 gallons gasoline, no capture.  Make Ethanol for 3 cents/kwh.  The CO2 that is captured is also use in the cycle to enhance it to 75%.  The engine is a heat pump that can torque a motor and combustion...all in one.  EVs are so obsolete!
What a scam… everyone involved
Am I understanding correctly that Kyle was just having the vehicle "checked out", and that there wasn't an issue other than the scratches on the cover?  No error codes?  Why would you replace a battery that is working correctly?
It is far too risky to buy an EV. If your car is in a collision that in an ICE vehicle is repairable  , the chances are that an EV will be written off. Hyundai Canada have some hide to try and sell Kyle another vehicle.
I wonder if the fine print says going over a speedbump too fast can void your warranty. 😂
The mistake the owner made was buying and EV - Useless money pts that cost way more than an ICE car. He is lucky this piece of crap didn't catch fire in his garage and burn his house down. If you buy and EV don't complain when you have major problems.
This tells me that the Hyundai's 10 year warranty is worthless. I have heard many stories that Hyundai does not want to honor their own warranty.This makes me leery of electric cars in general. Once a car is 7 years old and the battery has to be replaced they become worthless.
Hyundai the world's first disposable car.  Write it off, and send it to the crusher.  These automakers do not want people replacing, or rebuilding cars anymore.  They want you to buy a new one instead.  People like to repair, and rebuild to keep a car on the road longer.  New cars have higher insurance premiums because of stuff like this.  Also, people rebuild old cars they like, and the DMV registration fees on old cars cost less.  A new car has a high yearly registration fee, and old ones are cheaper to renew the annual registration fees.  If you have a old car that is rebuild able keep it.  Why spend money on disposable garbage.
4:41 ☠️
The protective battery cover wasn't fit for purpose,  the battery should have been accessed and assessed for damage if damage occurred then the protective cover wasn't fit for purpose,  I'd have gotten legal advice.
I hope Kyle received a good settlement with ICBC and he had full replacement insurance if totalled. And thanks for the heads up on EVs.
This makes no sense at all. It sounds like a made up story. I just meant is not believable. This is why people should  buy EV from a company that specializes in EV vehicles. Like Tesla, Revian, aptera, and even ford. A battery should not cost more than the car. Warrants should not be void so easily. Just a few scratches? It just means the quality of the battery cover is bad, not strong enough. Should kyle sue Hyundai for building an EV and put his life in danger for driving an EV that can easily damage the cover and explode. If I am Kyle, I'll take that to court.
Wow anybody driving on snow covered roads could encounter drifts or ice mounds and damage the battery cover and be in the same boat as this young man. #1 never buy a electric vehicle to potentially be in this situation !
Andrea and Zach, thank you for taking up this matter and sharing with us. Under no circumstances a single part of the car could be greater than total wholesale cost of the car landed in Canada. I believe following steps should be taken:   1. Hyundai Canada should secure Kyle's car from the insurance company 2. Kyle to return the insurance proceeds to insurance company 3. Insurance company to update Kyle's insurance claim records (Kyle should not be penalised on his insurance premium for rest of his life) 4. Hyundai Canada to offer a brand new similar EV car to Kyle to make up for the heartache caused by this issue 5. Hyundai Canada to examine Kyle's battery for risk assessment and learnings 6. Hyundai Canada to install a protective steel mesh under the battery of non-SUV EV cars to avoid similar mishaps given there are plenty of big pot holes on our roads to dislodge the battery hole caps 7. Hyundai Canada to update their EV battery prices to ensure it represents similar costs during the whole EV manufacture 8. Hyundai Canada to outline EV battery replacement process to all their dealerships 9. Hyundai Canada to bring all their dealer principles and key staff to their head office in Canada to educate them on EV battery, warranty/non-warranty replacement process including their customer service expectations to retain their dealership license. In this case, Kyle has not received the dealer service he should have got.  10. Dealership from where Kyle bought this EV car should apologise for letting him down on this issue. Thanks.
Wow , I have been saving to buy this car but now this story has changed my mind. I was going to buy for saving gas and a little part for the environment. But this scares me driving in a city with lots of pot holes.
I’m puzzled.  The invoice looks incorrect - the list price of the battery is $6,649.98, as is the net figure, but the total then states $56,649.98? Something does not add up here I smell a rat
The cooling aluminium plate is directly behind those black plastic, any dent will transfer directly to the aluminium plate. Mine hit big rock on highway and the rock punctured the cooling plate. At first the dealer provide quote for full replacement, but Hyundai Indonesia decide to do repair. Total repair approx. at USD 13.500. Since the cooling plate is directly welded to the battery housing, it need to be replaced as a whole, totalling at USD 8.000 and 4 battery module is USD 5.500.
The reality is these batteries are expensive to manufacture.   These prices will not come down appreciably so get used to it .
Good Job helping this Guy. Hope you have more content like this and help out people that have been scammed by Dealers and Insurance
That signature Canadian nasal dead pan sound...  Just brutal.
Sounds like scam. Complete nonsense really. With all this from the stories, this Hyundai dealer is encouraging potential buyers to avoid buying EVs. And yeah, resulting the write off the whole good car. What a waste when speaking of EV that is about saving from pollution but resulting more waste and pollution in the end?
🤣 Yes, EV's are the future..
The issue of replacing batteries is big for the Chevy Volt as well. Fortunately i bought mine used for $5,500. But mine started getting issues and the dealership quoted like $30K to replace the battery. Fortunately there are cheaper third hand options for that battery. I decided to upgrade to the Niro EV though.   Just got to check that the cells have the same voltage now. Also now i need to be extra careful not to run over things on the road. Thanks!
Seems the dealer was being commercially opportunistic, the scratches on the battery appear minor.  It is common for minor underbody strikes on motor vehicles, this being an SUV it should be able to withstand a few scrapes and scratches on the underside.  What I find surprising is that the insurance company accept a claim without requiring the protection plate to be removed to allow a battery inspection, sounds like an ignorant or lazy assessor.  The battery prices seems to be complete rip off, car manufacturers need to be forced to provide replacement at cost + 10%, they have monopolies and they exploit their position. I run a Nio ES6 in China, battery is swappable in 3-5 minutes at a swap station (discharged battery for a full one). You can buy the car with or without the battery, battery costs are visible on their App accessories page CNY70,000 (CAD13,228) for a 75KW pack and CNY128,000 (CAD24,162) for a 100KW pack
After seeing your guys video I'm 100 percent not going to buy an electric car.
He sounds exactly like the type of person who would be stupid enough to buy an ev.... Aka liberal....
The dealer price for the battery is CAD$33989.99, the warranty price is $44186.99, the dealer is having a lend of the fella charging $56K. $23K profit on the part before tax, great business if you can get it.
How does Hyundai justify charging more for a battery then the whole car?
Wow I’ll never ever buy a from them ever shocking
This is Kevin Bacon and Kyra Sedwick..ha..
Everyone is trying to make a buck from this situation. The dealer is most at fault, ready to take the margin on the battery and the fitting charge - shame on them. As for Hyundai do they sell  a new battery protection cover. Buy a hybrid you will be happier. I will stay with my ice 4X4 and my Lexus hybrid.
Problem number one: He bought an electric car.
It is still too early to buy a EV. Better to stay with Toyota and Lexus for the time being.
This is super misleading. I had one replaced for just $2350 including new rubberized cables and of course, labor. still expensive, but 60000? stop it.
You are not supposed to fix
Hyundai has a great warranty in theory, but whenever something does go wrong, it often turns into a fight. So this whole story is a cautionary tale to any prospective EV or Hyundai buyers.
3:27 why is the list price $6649.98 and it’s one item but it turns out to be $50,000 more exactly?  Somebody added a $50,000 markup ?    When I do a search for that part number, I find one that’s $6330    Did somebody accidentally add a 5 before the 6,649.98 total amount?
Zack and Andrea, thank you for this information 🙏.    I hope this video goes viral, not only in Canada 🇨🇦 but in the United States 🇺🇸.    This EV revolution will bring more problems than people are prepared for.  This happens when products, services and technologies are rushed to market.    Unfortunately, it is the world that we’re living in today.  “Buyer beware” is more important than ever before.   Potential EV buyers need to do their research and ask pointed questions of the seller.  I am not a fan of EVs.  However, I will save the link to this video and share it with anyone contemplating the purchase of an EV.  Thanks again
It's quite obvious that underchases of a car can be scratched and even hit something along the way. That's why it has "cover". But if that would be the reason to pay 60k? I'd rather buy none EV at all.
Hyundai and Kia is rubbish on wheels
Impact on the battery presents a significant risk of fire/ thermal runaway. Hyundai probably erred on the side of caution in deciding to scrap the battery. Tesla Model S had the same problem until they were re- engineered in 2020.
...sooo if these EV companies would guarantee the battery, it would be a green light. On the other hand, I will then refuse to ever, ever buy an EV  and will buy a plug in hybrid
I love your videos, watch as many as I can but this is not a surprise, I think this is the situation with all these electric cars so good luck, for all those who laughed at people having to pay high gas prices, you wanted these cars so this is not going to get cheaper for you either, it's called Karma.
Engine fails in a 5 year old ICEV? Replace it with a used engine. Battery fails in 5 year old EV? Buy a new car.
Lesson - Don't buy a Hyundai. It's the same cheap car just sitting on $60K worth of batteries. They don't even know how to inspect and fix their cars properly. 🤦‍♀🤦‍♂🤦
Unless there are general reductions in the averaged total cost of EV ownership compared to combustion vehicle ownership,  EV growth will eventually stall.  Period.
This makes Tesla battery costs not look so bad. 🤷🏿‍♂️
How can a brand new car cost $55,000 and include a battery that is worth $56,000? How can an insurance company double your premium for running over a rock? It is called fleecing customers by business that control our on the take governments that allow such practices.
Korean cars suck plus who the fak bus a car for that much money😂
I truly appreciate you both for sharing this information. I am not an expert but based on the photos of the damage, I do not really think there was any damage to the battery at all. I think Kyle was just scammed by the dealership. The dealer should have opened the cover and showed the damaged battery to Kyle. That goes the same with the Insurance, they should have checked exactly what was the extent of the damage and investigated. Issues like this made me decide to just stick with Gasoline cars instead of an EV.
Given that he's still "debating getting another EV" what I've learned from this is that poor old Kyle may be a slow learner. Don't get another EV Kyle!
60 thousands!  Hyundai  and the dealer put themselves on the map.nobody will buy that after they showed that receipt. Evs just too expensive for repairs. Not worth to buy that's a fact!
Just another example of the EV fraud being imposed on consumers. Customers want the EV equivalent of an iPhone 15, but the technology is still at the level of a Nokia 6110, just stick with good old ICE engines. It will take them 10 years to get EV's to the level needed to beat ICE cars.
Why does the invoice  show the gross And net as $6649 and the final column shows $56649 where did the other $50,000 come from? Obviously the owner should not have accepted the quote as correct and investigated the damage further. Of course Hyundai and the dealer should never have put the owner in this situation. What a mess.
Maybe this situation might compel E.V. manufacturers to make the protection plate more robust or reposition the battery pack to a less vulnerable location...
Don't buy EV cars. acronym KISS.
Same thing happened to my brother with his Chevy Bolt. Impact damaged the water jacket under the battery (brand new warranty battery), replacement quote was $33,000 usd. Eventually after fighting the insurance paid him market value on the car and he bought a new Bolt. There is no under battery armor on a Bolt.
So, let me get this straight, bacause the battery protection plate was damaged the battery is now battery is now damaged ? Like what is the protection plate for? Does that mean if 😢 your bumper has a scratch the car must be written off? No one has even examined the battery compartment, how can they tell there’s a problem with it!! This is just another example of the big company writing rules to protect itself and to rip off the consumer. Unfortunately after reading a few examples of this kind of stuff the omit thing that’s going to be hurt in the long term, is the environment.
Definitely not buying anything from that company. They screwed this kid over hard! Its not like that can't afford to do the right thing. Always about the bottom line. Had they not done him dirty, i was actually interested in their vehicles until i saw this. Planning on buying Q1 2024. Not from them though. Thank you VERY nuch for getting this info out!
Wait till all these EV on the road today in need of a battery change years down the road... No one will spend that much to replace it. There will be just junk yards full of EVs with dead batteries.. Such a scam... Design failure of the battery protection but yet blame it on the customer and stick him with the bill.  Dealer Money Grab..Stick with ICE vehicles..
In summary, it's the bad and unprofessional dealership and the worst insurance company on the planet (In case you don't know, ICBC is the ONLY lawful car insurance company in BC. Everyone agrees that ICBC is the cash cow of the BC government). Originally, the dealer quoted $20,000 for a battery replacement. When it came to ICBC, it became $60,000, so they could salvage the car and sell it to some insiders at auction for 10,000 or less. Then it would be "fixed" (maybe just replacing the protection plate) and resold for $50,000, given the waiting time for an I5 in Canada is currently 2 years. What a deal!
I was thinking of getting an Ioniq 6, but after watching this, I need to reconsider the brand and how they handle the customer.
These dealerships are scammers
If you have bought a Hyundai, please accept my sympathies. I am sorry. Hyundai is not a reliable brand. $60k? For a Hyundai? Egad!
Andrea and Zak, thank you both for all that you do.  Amazing job reporting on this.   This situation stinks to high heaven.  It seems like an impossibility that the part costs as much as the entire car.  It's obscene.  Definitely a great reason to NOT be an early adopter of EVs.  This is out of control.
Thanks for this informative video.  I do not think that battery worth that much.  Let us focus back to some of the "bad" dealership in Canada.  Today car buyers suffer a lot (e.g. mark-up price tag, add unwanted service, force customer to spend more in order to shorten waiting time etc.).  Buying a new car is like going through a battle.  I think it is time to "RATE" car dealers in Canada.  It will be good business if one can establish car-selling business that is "HONEST" and "TRUST-WORTHY".  BTW, can I order new cars through Motormouth?  On the other hand, after-sale servicing and maintenance should go to separate service providers (not to mix with car selling dealer)
its odd that these battery replacement stories is ALWAYS hyundai
Shocking story, certainly doesn't instill confidence in Hyundai.   Frankly, I think the screwing he is getting from his insurance company is even more outrageous. Insurance doubling & that following him for 10 yrs for damage due to an obstacle on the roadway !?!  But it is important note that not all EV batteries cost 60+K $CDN.  My understanding from the media is that EVs that have on the market for a few years & have been sold in significant numbers (e.g. Leafs & Teslas) can get aftermarket batteries or "rebuilt" batteries for relatively reasonable costs -- similar to the cost of a new engine. Google says "The price of a replacement LEAF battery currently hovers around $3,500-$4,500 for the 30 kWh battery, and $3,000-$5,000 for the 24 kWh battery. " And Teslas in the $15K range give or take $5. Not cheap, but no where near the cost of the car new.  It would be great if Motormouths could furhter investigate the costs of batteries.
Something is amiss at the Circle K....
Thanks Motormouth for shedding light on this battery replacement subject. EVs are the shinny new toy for automakers but it looks like battery replacement is still a sore spot for them to figure out. I will never buy an EV because I know the battery degradation will affect the resale value big time.
These Kia ev issues and buyers challenge to get it serviced. Very sad. Really. Sad. I'm holding off on sal ev purchases.
“Out of warranty” for a road hazard scratch on a “protective” cover? A $60,000 bill, and thus a write off, on a year-old car? An essentially NEW car off for salvage? Yeah, that makes EVs really “green”. Totally NUTS!
What’s the point of a protection pack if it can’t do the job or it can’t be used to assess for actual part damage?…
I  wouldn’t be touching a Hyundai with a barge pole if that’s the way they’re gonna approach it
Nope nope nope.. this and many other reasons is why I will not buy an EV right now.. I just bought a brand new VW Tiguan R line that gets 30 mpg and runs great.. until they come down with the prices, build more EV charging stations and lower the battery prices I will not buy one!
Did Mortonmouth was only able to get a good answer because they reached out to PR?
Thats not fair at all. Shame on them.  Good on you guys for shining a light on this.
So the dealership just wanted to make another sale?…
Battery packs consist of hundreds of cells, even if there was a damaged cell, replace that one cell!!
Yes I take my electric car to a fossil fuel gear head Trump voter dealer service department... Wha cou go wrong?
Wow I will be thinking twice before I buy another EV. Stick with a hybrid for now. Crazy how it was handled by both Kia and ICBC.
Buyers of electrics: 1.Patsies 2.Fall guys #.Stooges.
Unfortunately I viewed the Monro Youtube analysis "again" of the Ioniq 5 EGM-P battery pack, and there is absolutely no excuse that the dealer with the help of Hyundai corporate could not determine the safety of the pack. This is one of the best serviceable designs I have see in the multiple EV battery analysis that Moro has done. Again our dealers are letting us down, Corporate has to do major improvement in training of the technicians! Glad I bought a Tesla! Hyundai has to be praised for the design of the Battery pack, but they lose all that credit by poor dealer training!
This is black eye on thier customer service- not ev's
Well EVs are a huge sham and the EV doesn’t reduce cf or help climate change when you look at total cradle to grave lifecycle. This isn’t “unique” just wait another 5 yrs of bad winters and unknown battery bumps. 🔥🔥🔥 or $$$$$ Also a “new battery” doesn’t necessarily mean new new.
If one cell in the battery is damaged can now be a huge fire Risk. To all people think ev are the future think again.
I will not buy any EV cars cuz the battery replacement price is insane lol, with $60,000 grand I can buy a brand new Toyota, etc.
Car companies don’t want to sell new batteries for any car especially old evs cheap because the car will last much longer so they sell less new cars that’s why they want to be consistent looking for new or old cars to get old evs off the road if you get my point unaffordable for average person who are second hand buyers
Everything about EV is a horrific fraud. Real car production cost a lie. Range a lie. Battery service life a lie. Battery price that they all were talking about… giant lie. Car manufacturers were getting tenths of thousands per vehicle from various green subsidies and credits. Now when it comes to real market we see how much the battery really costs. Of course EV has no secondary market!!! Nobody will buy a five year old car that needs a 30-60k repair. Car will go to scrap and a new one will need to be produced…very environmentally friendly!!! …while normal car can change three, four owners and serve three times longer.
Why would someone get an ev to start with. Their value drops off substantially, not to mention the charging cost and availability. The weather conditions in this country is not exactly the ideal place for EV’s. But hey it’s the buyer’s money, so buyer, good luck.
Yikes no EV for me
Kia Seltos base is about $26k and a dealer here in Ontario tells me if the computer/front display breaks it will cost $20k to fix, which for make sense. And all these happening Kia and Hyundai are keeping quiet. That means they are agreeing to this type of insane cost of repair. This will only push clients away from their brand. Hope Kia and Hyundai take these type of issues seriously before they lose their client base. I have been Kia customer for since 2007 but if they continue like this my next car will not be Kia or Hyundai.
Just think about how much gas 60k could buy you
Insurance should not increase..bS..buy gas..❤❤
There is zero chance that battery is bad.  It is pretty disgusting that a new car was completely written off because a dealership wanted to do the bare minimum and just assume worst case scenario.
I bet that will kill Hyundai IONIQ 5. Poeple are not going to buy it.
When the story gets out that is the end of KIAs EV sales
The moral of the story is that you do not buy EVs . Seems a minor scratch to the battery protector did not protect the battery😂
My brand new Ioniq 5 long range battery went dead 3 months after ownership and you know what they told me?  They said, we have to check first to see we they can determine if I did anything to cause the damage, in case I did something that voided the warranty.  The whole process has been a nightmare.
No thank you on EV’s.
Great journalism.  At this point the total cost of ownership of an EV is just not known.  The purchase price is just the start.  If governments want to legislate movement to more EV's and less ICE's then they need to regulate the battery issue.  They mandated 8 year warranties for EV batteries but this case shows a bigger issue.  What a potential landfill nightmare we have on our hands.
I am on the waitlist for a Kia PHEV and this raises a lot of questions to me for my dealership as well as crazy padded-insurance replacement costs. Andrea sums this situation at the end up perfectly. I think dealerships really need to step up their game and car companies really need to decide how much control they give dealerships. I think car companies are concerned with market share (and profits) while dealerships are only concerned with squeezing out maximum profits on each sale and each contact after sale. Thank you for another wonderful video.
Don't buy Hyundai/Kia. This is a scam!
WOW I like the insurance company ... 50% premium increase for the next 10 years ... AND so other than the battery the rest of the car is not worth anything? This story will turn a lot of people off purchasing an EV at present.
This car is going to be auctioned by insurance and will likely be bought near the normal market value. This won’t cost insurance that much and they will make their money back in the higher premiums over the next 10 years. So much corporate wrongdoings all over on this one…
Great reporting, best coverage of this story I've seen@!
Let's go and buy one of these pieces of crap right now
Stay away from junk cars. Go with market leaders.
It does seem strange that a cover plate to protect the batteries doesn't.
A & Z, I Hope You & Your Family have a Wonderful Christmas and New Year's Eve/Day 🎉😊🎁🐻‍❄️🌨️☃️ Boston MA
Dealer crooks taking advantage of uninformed customers.... see it all the time.
1:30 - I think the obvious scrapes, dents and scratches to the car's underbody protection plates only indicate a part of the potential problem, and it's something that fans of EVs are keen to dismiss or overlook because it's a problem without a solution.  The garage didn't remove the protection panels to check the battery itsef for damage because it didn't need to. The damage to the protection plating was enough to condemn the vehicle.  Although there need be no visible physical trauma to the battery pack itself - no gouges or splits - the force required to affect the protective shielding in the manner shown must also have been transmitted into the battery cells.  There's no way to tell if the pack has been affected by the g-forces generated by the bumps and scrapes that damaged the car's underbody protection. It may not look serious, but you can't assess invisible internal trauma just by looking. The pack is crammed full of welds, joints, connections and sensors which have been subjected to an unknown amount of force.  Just because an accident isn't severe enough to trigger a car's airbags doesn't mean that it can be ignored.  Of course, it's most likely that everything will be fine and the EV's battery will continue to work as before... But there's a chance that something has cracked or been dislodged to the extent that in two weeks or two months or two years the battery will fail catastrophically.  It might happen. Probably won't, but it might. So the safe option is to scrap the car. Write it off. Incredible, but true.  That's why mechanics and insurance companies are so wary of EVs. Nobody knows exactly what a lithium battery pack is going to do because nobody knows how it's been treated.  In human terms, it's very much like being involved in a violent accident. Doctors can treat broken bones, contusions, haemorrhaging, and all the other trauma from the impact. But what about brain damage? There's nothing to see, and you can appear perfectly rational months after the accident.  But who's to say that, at some point in the future, you won't suffer from mental problems which cause you to act in uncharacteristic ways. You might develop a phobia about the colour blue. Or you might suffer from blackouts. Or you might become depressed or forgetful or even violent.  An apparently sound lithium battery pack could have an unexpected 'breakdown', too. 🔥👀
Tesla full sized sedan Model S battery replacement cost less than Hyundai teeney weeny little EV.
Consumers are clueless. Kyle opened a can of worms for ZERO reason. Kyle get a clue
This man has been conned by another auto company with their EV.  A Volt owner was told that a new GM battery would cost the owner $31,000.  Another, Irish owner,  under warranty, was told that he drove through water and voided his warranty.  It would cos the owner $21,000 to repair the battery.  So, watch out!
BWAHAHHHAHHAHAHHHHAHAHAH  HAHAHHAHAHHHAHAHAHHAHAHA  BWHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHHAHAH  HAHAHHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHHA  EV's don't save the environment. They are the worst thing being pushed on the public right now. This is just the tip of the iceberg that happened to this person.
This is a Fraud a Scam by the dealership
Instead of all the double talk from Hyundai, it would be nice to know what is the price to replace the entire battery pack? That shouldn’t be so hard to put a number on. It makes no sense that it’s more than the price of the entire car with the battery pack!  If Hyundai is going to play games like this, they can look forward to losing me as a repeat customer. I like my ioniq5, but this stuff gives me pause. Maybe it’s time to go back to a reliable Toyota hybrid, however less refined they are.
I wouldn’t buy anything made in Korea.
Dont buy evs.
I call BS I look up the part number... It doesn't cost that much. Not cheap but definitely not that much.
Just hearing icbc makes me cringe
First, this is fantastic content. Andrea and Zach, you should definitely do more of this style of content. Love it. Second.... why does this reek of dealer/parts supplier collusion to me? I am aware that the insurance company is only doing what they see fit based on the information provided to them... but my question would be, is that dealership going to get the job to replace the "damaged" battery pack? Where is the battery pack being sourced from? Will they even replace the battery pack or just the protection cover - parts company sells something they don't deliver to the dealer and dealer buys something they never receive. Are there alternatives? Is the parts company making a profit on the sale of the pack to the dealership and if so, how much? Is this just a clear example of someone taking advantage of limited supply? Did the dealer just want to be able to sell Kyle a new Hyundai for the commissions? This just doesn't sit right with me.
Who loses, the environment.
Why is this a Hyundai problem?  The owner hit something.  The battery is damaged as a result.  The gap between battery and cover has increased, so either the cover has dropped, unlikely, or the battery above has been hit upwards.  A lithium ion battery that has had impact damage is a ticking time bomb.  Vehicle warranty is to cover manufacturing defects.  This is not a manufacturing defect, this is impact damage.  If he'd scraped the body along a wall, he or his insurance company get to pay for that repair, not Hyundai.  So why whinge about an impacted battery?  If an ICE car had hit something and punctured the oil pan, the oil run out, and the engine suffered irreparable damage, that would be on the driver, not the vehicle manufacturer. Replacement parts costs will always add up to more than a car's value.  Components for the production line are manufactured in bulk, delivered in containers, no retail packaging.  Replacement parts are manufactured in smaller numbers, (more cost per item), individually packaged (more cost), then sat on shelves incurring funding costs, all of which have to be included in the sale price. So unfair to rail against Hyundai, or any manufacturer in this situation.
Wait until we start driving these cars and nobody can afford them. Shall we say scooters and bicycles? What are we going to be doing it the wintertime? Oh I know we're gonna be staying in and relying on the government to wipe my ass
I think the root issue with this battery is not scratches, but the round hole in the battery which is no longer a circle(mentioned in this video). It looks like these are used as an indicators of a structural damage. Meaning the battery geometry might be broken, thus internal li-ion cells might be affected. Just do a quick search on youtube how li-ion battery behaves when applied force. (It Catches a fire or expLodes). Decide for yourself if you are willing to take this risk. What is definitely wrong is the dealer approach. They have to do proper assessment first. Whole pricing stuff is ridiculous.
Just 2 words for Hyundai Canada.   Bull shit
Then trade your dead battery car in oin a new one. DUH.   !
What a cop out from the dealer and Hyundai.   The battery is made up dozens of modules.  They didnt even look at it befire deciding a new complete battery was needed.  Its possible just 1 module needed replacing if any at all. Impossible to tell without looking. Disgraceful decision making.
No worries gabby Newsome has you covered
My question is, does the dealer who said the battery needs replacing, have a waiting list for a new car or have they got a stockpile to get rid of ?   I really can't see how getting some scratches on a plastic protecting cover can then lead to writing a new car off and voiding a warranty.
Fraud. It's Fraud. Dealers are fraudsters.
For those of you considering an electric car this could happen to any electric vehicle. The battery packs are located in the floor and in some cases even structurally part of the vehicle.  If a piece of road that you can't avoid strikes your battery, not only will you be replacing an expensive battery pack, but yes the battery pack could very well explode or catch fire.  This should be very eye-opening for people who are ready to cast away gas powered vehicles.  Is this what you want your future to look like?
Hyundai calls it a battery protection cover. On a 4xe Grand Cherokee.....Jeep calls them skid plates. You know what you do with a trail rated Jeep?....you gouge the skid plates off roading on a rock or two. Would Jeep throw the baby out with the bath water over a few scratches? Doubt it. Why? You would have read about it by now. This is a Hyundai service issue that extends way beyond EV's. Remember the 2.4 turbos? Same deal.
Quite hilarious, Actually sad..  If they write these off brand new, can you imagine years down the road ? Forget the financial impact for the client & insurance company, I know, a big ask... What about the environmental impact ? These shitboxes will probably be worth half as much, if anything, by the time the batteries are worned out in due time. Customers are supposed to shell out a brand new car's worth of money to keep them going?   Look into the whole EV battery supply chain & you will understand how these being treated as "disposable items" is an issue  It is 100% an EV issue. As much as I know Korean cars are subpar in terms of quality & service, they sell a lot of EVs & therefore are paving the standard for EV after-purchase experience. Unfortunately...  People need to get educated & stop buying these EVs. Reduce, Reuse, and Recycle.  There are abundant good cars still in working order in the used market that you can afford & run with minimal environmental & financial impact.  I own 2 cars from the early to mid 90s. Virtually no rust (impressive in my part of the country) & I don't have these kind of issues. Cheap to own & repair. Safe, fun to drive & less than 10k for the lot  I'm not saying everyone should buy 25 year old vehicles, But that you can get a decent deal on proven designs & avoid these kind of situations.
But it's all for sustainability 😁
Morale of the story, most dealerships still suck. Hopefully there will be more and more independent shops that specialize in EV maintenance!
Appreciate your journalism. Fact based. Objective. Great follow up with all involved. Refreshingly professional.
As a conclusion and solution for everyone else, don't buy EV and don't buy Hyundai!
Another reason to not but an EV
Great report!! Dealership, don't you mean Stealership! Guess we're headed back to fossil fuels.
Heard of NIO? With NIO you need not own this depreciating battery and own only the car. NIO is a car company pioneered in battery swapping and battery as service. No range anxiety and no bothering of the battery
$56,000 Can for a fuel tank??
No one could pay me enough money to buy an EV!!! These horror stories are popping up everywhere.  They are not good for the environment either. California and some other places can't even kerp the lights on in their homes, let alone charge up a bunch of EVs. What happened to people using their common sense in life???😮
Ev way of the future folks building back better
Makes me want to rush right out and replace my ICE vehicle with an EV….not!!!  The carbon footprint takes years to make a difference to the environment…by that point the battery replacement in your EV negates any savings on fuel, so what are we really accomplishing?  Who keeps their car long enough for this to really save the environment?  Most people buying new vehicles trade in after 5-10 years, so even if they buy another EV, the whole carbon footprint savings starts over with the new purchase.  It’s a novel idea that we’re saving on fuel and saving the environment…but are we really doing either?  If the vehicle costs more and it’s crazy expensive to replace the battery in 5-10 years, then you’re not really saving any money versus an ICE vehicle.  And if you replace your EV in 5-10 years with a new EV, then you really haven’t saved the environment either because your carbon footprint is roughly the same because of the manufacturing of the EV vs an ICE vehicle.
Now that his insurance is doubling for 10 years, think about all the free gas he could have had.
Even just buying insuance without an accident claim, the cheapest Tesla 3 RWD was $1529 and my Porsche that costs 3+ times as much was $971. In both cases equal full coverage.
The initial inspection by the tech was floored . Despite him saying the distance from shield to battery was off. Where is the verification and comparison readings.  You need to verify your diagnosis on expensive repairs and this would have not got out of hand as it has. This is from a tech with many years experience.
I would never park an EV vehicle in a garage or condo.
This simple fact should destroy Hyundai's EV business overnight.
Who said the battery is damaged. The dealer standing to make at least $10K on replacement. And there is a reason why I never take ANY of my vehicles to dealers or shops.
Scary! Everyone (mfg./dealers/governments/insurance companies) should get together on same page soon on this similar issue. I certainly will not be rushing to by EV vehicles any time soon.
People who bought EV are actually either stupid or idiots.  They do not even do the study on how EV made, maintain and the impact on the environment. Batteries are toxic and the charging of batteries needs energy too.  Stupid people are everywhere.
The dealer outright riped this young man off. and now he's paying the price for being young and naive, i'll bet my balls theres nothing wrong with the battery, at worst the plastic cover has been scuffed. thats not even a part of the battery. car deallers do this every day to every one that walks through their doors, its how they make most of their money... Now if the battery had actually been damaged and really did need to be replaced after such minor damage to its cover, then it would be my position that the car is not fit for purpose and i would demand a refund not only for the car but all costs incured. srsly every body needs to harden the fuck up and stop letting people walk all over you.
Insurance is such a big organized fraud, you hit a pothole and you're suddenly no longer a good driver for 10years.
Thank you for getting involved and helping out.  Dealing with stealership... I mean dealership is always an gamble as everyone of them has different standard especially when it comes to a vehicle that requires very little service/ very little residual profit once driven off the lot$$$!!! Would be very interesting to be able to trace all the VIM & serial numbers of this vehicle after insurance company took it to sell for parts... or resold on the market(s?) while hoping to gouge more residual income by bumping 50% increase on the insurance of the driver.   Organized Crime!
That's just their way of not wanting to fix it and blowing you off with an outrageous quote.  Same time it creates the optics are that EV's are scammy crap.
Seems ridiculous that the dealership, without inspecting the battery can put their customer in that position—-likewise Hyundai Canada is not any better, they should have insisted this battery be thoroughly inspected. Obviously Hyundai is out to take advantage of their customers, this replacement battery cost is outrageously inflated
I believe that the car company is not actually doing anything to address the absurdity of battery replacement costs.  They are like politicians , where they are all words, but no concrete effective actions.   The car company simply does NOT WALK THEIR TALK.   EVs have been on the market for many years, and they still have not addressed the battery replacement cost problem.
I predict Kyle ends up with a new Hyundai at no additional cost and an attorney pockets a big fee. 😉
moral to the story - -  never buy an electric vehicle
Remember when Hyundai first came to Canada. Junk didn’t last a year before it was rotted out. Suckers. Thanks for driving up my insurance rate.
These expensive batteries are jacking up all our insurance premiums.
Thank you for airing this. Good for Kyle for blowing the whistle. As for the car companies - with these replacement costs - it is a big turn off for consumer.
That's ridiculous to charge $60K for a battery.
It's all  about the insurance adjuster and his contacts with the dealer and body shop. Batteries aren't worth that much, even a tesla battery is around 1/3 that price. And also better and bigger. So  adjuster will write the car off, then is body from the body shop will buy it for a couple thousands.  Then they  change the  battery protection cover and   resell it for  40 k. Crooks
This is one of the many reason why I am apprehend to buy EV’s currently there are way too many things to ponder upon. All the EV companies themselves are not clear and have no plan how to keep battery cost in check and that’s coz the core material used in making batteries is scare hence I feel this whole model is very unsustainable in future.  The battery replacement cost based on car’s generation makes no sense and that’s partially based on battery availability.  The total EV infrastructure still require lot of upgrades and off course the range anxiety and other things so at this time its safe to to in words of Pierre Poilievre   “ ITS NOT WORTH THE COST”..😅
The Canadian Govt needs to be involved seeing how it's their plan to have all cars sold in canada be EV.
Just shows virtue signalling can be expensive. Thanks anyway Kyle for trying to save the planet from a non-existent climate threat.
Don't Buy crappy cars from a crappy brand. Simple.
By the video , I think I would’ve just keep driving it . The damage was only a scrape on the protective cover. That’s why it is there. I would’ve of pulled off the cover to make sure. Definitely would not give in to this dealership’s practises . Buying ev’s isn’t as green as People think. Check out what goes into making one ev battery. You will be surprised.
The statement from Hyundai Canada PR manager sounded like a political statement that says nothing but is designed to make the listeners feel like they said something. To quote her, she says "This is a very rare situation and each is unique."  No it's neither rare nor unique, a new battery is going to be $60,000 and THAT should be very concerning to anyone remotely considering a Hyundai EV or any other EV. The fact that they told him if he decides to keep it and do nothing, that any fire or explosion will be his liability. So they just revealed the dirty little secret of EV... you're not making a green efficient purchase, you're buying a HUGE liability!!! Screw these EVs! They're worse than the exploding Ford Pinto of the early '70s.
And yet another reason to stay well away from EV's.  It's laughable that people are paying too much for vehicles that just bring more problems and headaches.
Wow you guys the invoice is a typo. Its 6k clearly.
What a bargain vehicle in Canada. $55000 for the car when in fact the battery costs $55000. The car is free! Race out and buy one right now! Go virtue signal to your neighbours!
They say any kind of publicity is good publicity, but I don’t think this is going to be the case!!!!!
I would write the vehicle off, take the money and buy something with an internal combustion engine.
This is one of many reasons why I will never buy one
With 2 nightmare Hyundai batteries recently in the news, why would anyone buy a Hyundai EV?
ICE vehicles, you can replace your own battery for about 100 bucks. Saves all this Ruckus.
Not anchance I will be getting an ev. Besides this bs, consider the strain it will put on the electric grid! I say hydrogen!
Hence proved. I am and will always be against battery cars. Its just an eye wash and ppl are being fooled by narrative such as carbon footprint and environment blah blah  (1) Battery cars cost upfront almost 1.5 to 1.75 times more than regular cars (2) By buying battery cars you are supporting a very bad market for mining of battery materials. please check out how mining is done for lithium and cobalt and where it is done  (3) The amount of resources used to produce one battery is more or less same (4) Every one talks about batteries but no one is talking about replacing costs and also battery disposal.  we r going to see a huge issue of battery disposal in future and gases the batteries emit  Over all it's a propaganda which I being pushed on to us again,by making it compulsory in some countries and banning of ICE World's Effed up now and there is no control
And EVs are a good idea because.......
Fox news is gonna have a Field day with this
Simple. Dont buy an electric car. Just get a car that gets really good mileage. ICE Camry gets over 40 mpg on the highway. Way cheaper  to buy too.
ask how many techs drive EV's? people in the industry drive fossil fuel cars. what does that tell you?
this is an EV problem. look at the Tesla battery replacement. if the battery has a 3 mm deep scratch, the battery needs to be replaced. the real problem is that the dealers don't know these cars either. most are just guessing because there is not enough info. the big fear is a battery fire.  nothing can put them out, they have to be left alone to burn out.
I will never buy EV because of the batteries, they explode and are and impossible to put the fire out. The battery assembly is made of little batteries so why can't they replace the single cell battery that is faulty, they won't do because it takes too long or and once these batteries have a dent in them then they are a ticking time bomb. I tried to take a laptop battery that had swelled to the recycling centre and they wouldn't accept it because it may explode, I had to put it the bin.  I have a Hyundai diesel and the dealership can't fix anything, all I get is we'll have good look on your next service, service time we had a look but we can't replicate the fault, $500 for the service and the fault is still there. This is my first Hyundai and my last.
This is why you don't buy Hyundai
How the hell can a battery cost more than a nee vehicle itself?  Here's a tip, avoid EVs like a plague.
Insane. No way in the world the battery costs more than the vehicle itself. What a scam and a sham. The battery shouldn't be more than $20k, and in this case, IMO, there's nothing wrong with the battery anyway. The case was scratched, that's the purpose of the case, to absorb impact damage and protect the battery.   I would have never taken it to the dealer to start with. I would have looked underneath myself and assessed the situation. If there was major damage, sure, take it in, but a scuff does not warrant a visit to the dealer. It's a perfectly functional vehicle, IMO. It shouldn't have been written off.   If Hyundai had a brain, they would have given the customer a new battery for free to avoid all the inevitable negative press and fallout. I, for one, will not be buying a Hyundai/Kia EV after seeing this nightmare scenario.
Hyundai Kia should be in court for this. I didn't hear anyone say that the car had any actual faults, just scrapes on a shield. To claim it could explode at any minute is just embarrassing for Hyundai. The same size battery in a Tesla Model 3 is 15k US dollars and approx 5-6 hours labour. That being said, the car owner was a bit foolish to simply accept that ridiculous claim from the dealer.
Thank you once an again for a great video…this reinforces my view of never buying an electric vehicle… my 2024 Forester Wilderness gets delivered tomorrow
Thank you for releasing this video. I verified myself at a local dealership in Los Angeles unfortunately where I live and again the price is accurate outrageous over $50,000. Hope Teslas are less. I do likeEV’s  but on the financial side it just doesn’t make sense specially, after minor damage, Hope the Biden administration or any other freedom unloving, but EV pushing regime doesn’t sensor comments or your video. PS, I wonder if it was accurate but last summer I got a local quote on a  Kia EV  6 long range battery of 16 K.?  so important to get total cost of ownership including insurance before you actually buy like I was doing again hope Tesla are better and lower cost batteries to replace. Because of this video, I am  sadly now crossing off the Ioniiq 5  I was considering versus model Y. I suggest everyone seeing this video call Hyundai corporate North America and let them know that you’re changing your purchase decision  if they don’t bring down that battery replacement cost.
never trust the dealership  . if the car  is still charging  well   and operates  with no issues  why  change the battery ?  there is no  regulation  dealership and icbc do whatever  fuck they want
Why are people surprised?? When your phone gets old it's not worth it to replace the battery, It will be same situation with EV batteries
Crazy story, nice work covering it!
Fiddle sticks
EV owners will get their shock of their lives when batteries need to be replaced Maintenance and gas on regular combustion engines cost much less in the aggregate
If EVs are the future driving a car will only be possible for a very small elite with a lot of money. There aren't resources available for batteries and the cost will be to high for the average consumer.
The simple answer is STOP buying these BS cars.
There are a lot of shady businesses in Canada. They even have a TV show that exposes them.
That’s the future folks, throw it away after a couple of years and buy another, great progress in humanity
On top of the obvious issues with EV's this presents generally right now, I think this also shines a light on the terrible dealership system.  For all the other problems Teslas have, at least a Tesla dealer and corporate is one and the same. And that has its benefits.
yeah we go  British Columbia land of scam
Listen to those Sheep they way they talk carbón foot print …. Saving the environment…. Ev’s are the biggest scam and see people as d…….s / ev’s are more hatful than petrol cars ..  for starters how much water do you think you need to struck those minerals from poor stricken countries with child labor involved I bet they don’t tell you that when you’re purchasing it at the dealership di they ! Where do you store the old batteries ??? Witch are toxic .. corrosive and prone to fire 🔥?? Every charger cost more than a 1000000 dollars to be install and the grid to be upgraded madnesss!!!
How’s the battery cost that much?  Ford Lightning extended range battery is $35k  USD.
put my name on a chevy blazer ev but got tired of waiting and bought a toyota rav 4 hybrid and really happy i didn't buy an EV, 50k for a battery is ridiculous!!
I would never buy   Hyundai or Kia  😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
Makes me reconsider wanting an electric  Edit: I wonder how this would work with Vinfast because those batteries are leased.
another reason not to buy an EV
He will report it stolen or set it on fire...
Si much for saving the environment 😂😂😂Haha hahahaha! People are such d……s they buy the gov bull … sheeps ….
Great and very informative video.
Follow the old rules never allow yourself to be a Beta tester for auto manufacturers.
the answer is ,Do not buy more EV!
I have completely given up on BEV. Looks like I will never buy one.
This is fatal PR For Hyundai.
The cost of the battery pack must be removed from EV's,the time of recharging EVs batteries also hinders sales.A universal battery pack that can easily be exchanged in minutes at a gas station for a fully charged pack is key.The service station charges for the power to recharge and a royalty for its use.A car buyer doesnt pay in advance for 10 years of gas when buying car.
You’d be a total fool to buy an EV. The technology has not advanced enough. Remember when cell phones came out? They cost like $3000 dollars, and the battery lasted about 15 minutes. Look where we are today with phones.
If you look up the part number on the invoice you will find be manufactured battery is around $6,000 you can do this on a Google search and you can find the price for a reconditioned battery for 6600 roughly the quote inflated something doesn't smell right from the dealership
Never buying one unless the batteries are bullet proof
Ugh, i just bought Mitsubishi PHEV, i hope I won't get this issue. this is bad....
Also looking at the invoice someone made a mistake net price of the battery doesn't correlate to the cost of the battery show 66 49.00 the dealer The Body Shop and the insurance company didn't catch this on the invoice alarming
Yikes indeed!!.  This is the 3rd case I heard in the last quarter of 2023.
Zach could just move on with his life, based on the pictures I doubt there's anything wrong with his car.
What idiot would purchase an EV after seeing this?
It's digusting that in this age of 'save the environment mentallity' that insurance companies are allowed to get away with wrtting off a vehicle BASED OFF OF A VALUE without consideration of the condition of the vehicle!  At this point such vehicles shouldn't even be on the market when a single component is over 70% the entire value of the vehicle! If the industry can't support provide reasonably priced replacement consumable/perishable components, the industry shouldn't be allowed to sell the vehicle.  As someone who needs to replace a family vehicle this year, I would never have thought of this "warranty voided" situation. If ever we choose to go electric (not happening anytime soon, especiallyafter this), or hybrid, very special, specific questioning of dealers will be required to guarantee this will not be an issue--ever!  In Saskatchewan, there are numerous days during the winter that snow and/or ice will cover the road and may cause, or hide/cover something that may cause, that underside damage. Definitely if such damage would void a warranty, then Hyundai shouldn't be selling the vehicle in Canada, or should provide proper battery protection!
So your telling me, a case to protect something that is damage will void your warrantee, then why on earth it has a case/cover in the first place. I already know the answer but you get where im coming from
Watch Bjorn Nyland’s battery diagnostics and refurbishment videos.  The Hyundai dealerships obviously aren’t equipped, nor have the specialist skills to deal with them.  Bet they aren’t even allowed to take the protection cover off and are given some sort of checklist to just write the battery pack off given a certain set of superficial criteria.
EVS are just not a good idea at the time being.
There are many KIA/Hyundai's out there with completely destroyed engines with less than 70k miles.This manufacter put worthless timing belts in so many cars,a major engine component and very expensive to replace that only last 60k miles if your lucky.
All car warranties have stipulations in the warranty to cover the manufacturer of their products these stipulations protect the manufacturer from warranty claims so if you drive over an object on the road they can void the warranty this applies to drive train abuse of driving maintenance schedules missed and many many others tires are not covered by the manufacturer of the car there by the manufacturer of the tire company in this case with the battery cover damaged it was a perfect opportunity for the dealer to void warranty on the complete car the battery cover should protect the battery regardless a TSB or technical service bulletins should be available with their claim of impact damage to this claim finding no TSB on this topic moving forward it looks like rules weren't followed even from the manufacturer there was no document to check improperly determine what is damaged
So Kyle should have shut his mouth and just drove the car.  Voided warranty don't void the car.
So glad the two of you are covering these aspects of car ownership that don't get enough publicity.
LESSON: DON'T BUY AN  EV.
I have 2 tesla's. Both insured by tesla. I would guess if this happened to one of my cars, tesla would handle it a lot better. Another reason why if you want an EV, just buy a tesla. They're way ahead of everyone else in every way.
The best advice for anyone thinking of buying an EV is, DONT'!
Proves don’t buy ev s
Great video but wrong focus! 🙂
I find it strange that there were no investigations to see if the battery was actually damaged. Some places specialize in fixing EV batteries. Kyle could have driven his car and not contacted the dealership and had no issues at all. It is easy for the dealership to declare it totaled – it is not their money. Any more stories like this and Hyundai will have a very difficult time selling cars. Naturally, other car brands have occasional issues too, like the Edinburgh couple that claimed they got a £17,000 bill to fix their Tesla battery ‘damaged by the rain’. As a Tesla owner, I would be furious if it could not handle rain. Luckily, these kinds of issues are rare. Thank you for this video.
Your focus should not be the cost of replacement and the write off of the car. It should be asking why that with apparent minor damage the battery was condemned. These batteries have a risk of fire greater than most people realize when they are in normal operating condition. Any damage, regardless of severity, will or should condemn the battery and those damaged BEVs need very careful qualified service!!! Keep in mind a thermal runaway fire is essentially impossible to extinguish and can reignite an hour, a day or weeks later!!!
Insurance for EV’s in the UK have gone crazy, gone up 72% (vs 29% for ICE vehicles) because of cars being written off due to uncertainty around battery packs.  The infrastructure isn’t there to diagnose them, nor repair them.  Battery pack replacement prices are exorbitant, so EV’s with minor damage are just written off.  This is risk factored into their insurance costs now.  It negates a lot of the tax savings / fuel cost savings from going EV.  I would not buy an EV until a proper support structure develops around them, from ‘mechanics’ to body shops, battery repair and refurbishment specialists, EV charging infrastructure.
How about publishing the name of the dealership that gave this owner such utterly bogus information?  Why protect them?  If this is the kind of treatment consumers can expect from them, their name should be pinned to the screen through all 17 minutes of this video.
The cover was not removed since it is impossible to determine if individual cells have damage internally due to the impact to the cover. Any individual damage, invisible to external inspection, can cause thermal runaway!
How much are they losing on BEV sales if just the battery alone has the same value as the entire car?????
I imagine the issues with battery fires and cost of replacing batteries for whatever reason, would not give the general public a warm fuzzy feeling when it comes to purchasing an EV. These companies need to come up with a better plan of handling these problems, so that the consumer isn't getting the shaft. In my opinion they are not doing a very good job of winning the public over to the idea of a future of only electric cars. The government needs to get involved. I plan on purchasing a new vehicle in the next year and right now I am a "Hell No" when it comes to an EV.
Insurance will exponentially increase with the realization of fire risk!!!! Property insurance will follow if you own a home, due to the risk from the battery fire! Never park a BEV in your garage for any reason especially for charging!!!
Why would anyone buy a Hyundai or Kia at this point
@2:10 (maybe you cover this later but for now) This is stunning. A feature on the car to protect it from things that can happen during normal driving will also cause a voided warranty when the part does it's job? Like what? If the shielding that they put in is that weak then why even put it in at all? Or how about make it strong enough that if there is actual damage bad enough that the battery on the other side was compromised (removing the shield and checking is all that would take) then replace the shield with a new one and send the customer on their way.  This seems like a money milking scam by the automaker.  Hey, Hyundai....I hope that this costs you customers going forward.  Also, hitting objects in the road is a clear and obviously foreseeable event. It would seem as though the automaker would lose a lawsuit if someone sued over this as I have no idea how the court would not conclude that objects damaging the underside of the car (things in the road, potholes, car in front of you kicks a rock back at you, etc) are all known things and that Hyundai was negligent in their design and simply created a way to invalidate a warranty based on what drivers encounter all the time.  but then to not even check the battery pack and automatically tell the customer - its all on you...pretty big CS move.
As ordinary people,  we try our best to do the right thing to save the environment,  but big companies and dealerships don't really care 100%, hence the situation Kyle found himself in. I'll buy an EV when governments stop wars that drop mother of all bombs, widespread slaughter of human populations and stop blowing up oil and methane pipelines - Nordstrom for example- causing more pollution to the environment than my SUV or farts ever will.
Thank you Kyle, for sharing your story with Zach and Andrea.  Stories like this are important to be shared nation-wide.  I hope it makes the news as people need to be informed of what's happening out there.
Keep in mind ANY battery that has ANY possibility of damage is a huge risk for battery thermal runaway. The decision to leave the battery in the car would be easily considered negligent, and the liability for that decision, makes it impossible.
You just can't fix customer stupidity
I remember when people were complaining about a 12-15k bill for a battery replacement when PHEVs became more relevant. A 2015 Chevrolet Volt battery replacement was 12k back in 2016-2017. Granted these are larger batteries but this logic of repair costs makes 0 sense. If the battery is worth thr value of the car, is the car not valued relative to the battery replacement cost. If cost relevance of parts were in place this vehicle would theoretically cost 85-95k. Which is hilarious for being a Hyundai which prides themselves on providing low markups. Little do customers know their service and maintenance is abysmal.
Odd, you have a protection layer installed by Hyundai.  If it does not do it's job, is that not Hyundai not installing a good battery protection.  I would hope Hyundai would take that as a learning fix this guy and improve or recall the cars that need a re-enforced protection plate?  If the surface area was smaller like an engine compartment the risk is lower for damage.  I think this stance by Hyundai is not good for EV adoption.    Great story, keep us updated.
This is absolutely absurd! they wrote off the car due to such minor damage.  I love li-ion/lipo powered tools, bikes, and the RC hobby, but when it comes to cars forget about it.
Why did he take the car into the dealership in the first place? Did it affect the performance of the car in anyway?
Don’t buy these things they are not fit for use. You got more money than sense.
Seems like this is going to become more prevalent as accident damage could well impact the viability of the battery . I suspect more EVs are going to be written off , when a similar ICE could be economically repaired. Any damage to a battery pack could well be catastrophic, plenty of examples of thermal battery runaway. Ships lost , car parks destroyed, traffic chaos when EVs are engulfed in fire , not just from accidents either.
It is been proven that 1 in 5 EV owners will revert back to a combustion engine vehicle within the 1st. 3 years and this just might push more and more combustion engine owners to just keep what they have.
That's crazy, we are getting absolutely ripped off for batteries, I need a new one for my ebike and here in Ontario $1000/kwh... Lol   Lithium batteries are a perfect cash cow...
If you are driving a BEV and hit something on the roadway that impactes the underside of the car you MUST pull over immediately and get away from the car. Call for help and advise that it is a BEV and it has suffered an impact to the undercarriage. This is a very dangerous situation!!!
People buy Evs to save on gas? 😂😂😂
Unfortunately, this incentivizes people to lease, not own, their EV's and to return them before expiration of the warranty. That will mean a growing inventory of massively depreciated USED EV's, which will most likely never move off the Dealer lots.
Another reason to not by an EV.  The costs need to drop like a stone before they're ready for public consumption.  It's a scam industry at this point.  Great job you guys.
A body shop has absolutely no business replacing any damaged battery in any BEV!!! Only trained battery technicians should perform this work and the damaged battery requires isolated storage due to  possible thermal runaway! This is not a conventional repair in any stretch of the imagination. There can be upwards of 100,000 KWHs of energy ready to self combust!!!
China EV manufacturer, Nio has EV robotic swapping stations which can swap out a depleted battery with a fully charged one in about 3 minutes & battery replacement issues associated with other EV manufacturers is therefore not an issue for NIO EVs.
Common sense dictates not to get a Hyundai EV...
If there is suspected damage to the battery the car needs to be put out of service immediately and isolated from property and other cars. The battery may begin thermal runaway at any time!!!!!
I would never buy an EV car, 😂😂😂😂
EVs will save the environment.  These batteries cannot be recycled!
I feel the push for EV’s is simply to get cars off the roads, the only people can afford them are wealthy or one of the government’s approved corporate stakeholders who are either close to the money printer or are using tax dollars. EV seems like elite projection not a realistic or practical plan.. thanks for sharing good video.
A couple of points, 1. Where does the price for a replacement battery come from? Are Hyundai losing a massive amount on each EV sale, OR is there an unjustified markup some where in the sales chain for the Battery.  2. How can the Dealer justify the high labour charge?  Again a couple of answers , one is that the dealer is taking advantage of it's customers. or two the design of the battery positioning, etc on the Hyundai is so poor that it takes a lot of effort to remove and replace the battery pack.  In the early days of the Nissan LEAF it was proposed by Nissan that a replacement battery could be supplied for around £5000 (UK). Not sure of the current position, perhaps someone in the know could update . The  workshop time for a removal and replacement of a LEAF battery pack is around 2 hours, the pack is properly designed for easy replacement. There is a small after market trade in the UK that can replace/ repair batteries.  It would seem that the moral of the story is to avoid Hyundai.
This is not a fiction it is the harsh reality, also KIA is introducing "cheaper" EVs but what is hidden behind cheaper tag, well let me tell you - a monthly subscription of 300 USD for basic stuff like heating or acceleration etc. so please share more of your findings about new cars so that people are aware!
He probably drove over something that pushed up on the battery protection cover which is an accident and should not be covered  under warranty. This is why you are fools to buy a Hyundai OR kia product.  Just buy a Tesla. Tesla charges $16000 for a brand new battery replacement regardless of accident or expired warranty.
Great way to save the planet, what are these companies thinking? My Ford truck has 264k miles on the original engine and transmission.
Thank god we have a tesla and no dealerships anymore and battery replacement costs around 15k btw
What conditions exactly voids warranty from KIA/Hyundai?   You can't claim 10 years warranty and void warranty for numerous reasons that are not clear cut.     Hyundai/KIA is notorious for thisbbait and Switch scam
Hello beautiful couple, please take a look at this. "Tesla wanted $16,000 to fix this NEW Model 3, we did it for $700! The importance of Right to REPAIR!". I really enjoy watching your videos. Thank you
What a scam by the dealer!  Vancouver has a good third party shop that will surely cost much less.
Dumb consumers. This is by design.
Name the DEALERSHIP!!
Trudeau wants you to buy EV’s or face carbon taxes. This, is what you get.
I know you guys checked into this, and reading the comments seems to support this is correct, but the fact that the paperwork only has columns wide enough for 6 digits, except for the last column on the right, could lead some to think it was either a typo, or an intensional ripoff on the part of the dealer. The fact they didn't even inspect the battery itself, leans towards the latter. I'm not going to watch the entire video, but I hope he got a second estimate.
Electric vehicles have a higher carbon footprint to manufacture, expensive to purchase, have a low resale value, because replacement batteries are expensive to replace, performance/distance are affected by temperature & additional load or towing. Majority of the world's lithium batteries end up in land fill because it's complicated & expensive to recycle. I'll keep driving my 33 yr old Mazda 1.8 hatch back with over half a million on the clock. Lol.
"the dealer said I would have no warranty and the battery could explode and I would be liable".  Who takes legal advice from an auto dealer?  Step one:  Call Hyundai directly, not a dealer. Step two:  Hire your own lawyer.  You have an EV with a scratched skid plate/protective cover.  Those plates are designed to be impacted and to protect the battery in all reasonably foreseeable conditions.  If you are being truthful about how the plate was damaged, then you would not be liable for any future consequences... the manufacturer would.  Never take advice from a dealer on something like this.  NEVER.
I would never buy a Huyndai period
Hyundai/kia dealerships here in BC are the worst. I remember walking into a Kia dealership and expressed interest in the Stinger. They literally try to shove me a car by forcing me to sign a contract. They even brought the car out and started washing it to make me feel bad. Fuck them
Firstly, this was a scam purpetrated by the body shop. Any honest mechanic would have dropped the battery guard to inspect for damage. Secondly, I wonder how many sales this report will cost Hyundai ? The factory should have it's own inspection performed to properly assess the battery for damage. This kind of "not our problem" attitude is obviously bad customer relations and needs to be addressed across the industry.
Ummmn.  The battery sys - qty 1 - unit cost is shown on the invoice at $6649.98.  The extended amount for the same item is $56649.98.  56649 is not a multiple of 6649, so we are not talking about a 'per module' unit cost.  What it is is EXACTLY $50k more than the quoted unit price.  Apparently nobody at MM noticed this.  Is it a misprint?  If so how does this happen?  Are there market rate adjustments on repair jobs for cars that are in huge demand overseas on the secondary/salvage market?  Most damaged EVs get resold in Europe or Asia after fairly minor repairs... the 'western' insurer takes the hit.  Ok, not true, their customers and premium payers take the hit...  Kyle got scammed alright, but it wasn't by Hyundai.  It was by his corrupt dealer and ICBC (who will knock out the salvaged eye-5 to a remarketer - which they probably own or one of their VPs cousin's does - for $5-8k.  The remarketer will fix or replace the battery cover and then resell the car overseas for $30-40k.  Kyle loses his no claims.  ICBC gets to hide profit as something else and keep premiums artificially high.  And the (likely wholely owned) subsidiary remarketer turns a 400-600% profit on one vehicle.  Never trust a dealer.  NEVER.
I don’t think scratches on the battery armour plate can be called  damage ???!. A serious dent from off roading yes but not a scratch.  So the dealer greatly exaggerated the damage. Which is dishonesty.
*6:00** So what Hyundai is saying is... EV's are a scam.* Got it!
Well, if you ask any electric vehicle manufacturer about the cost of battery replacement, they will typically avoid a direct answer. I recently attended auto events hosted by Toyota and BMW, where I inquired about the cost of their EV batteries. In both instances, the manufacturers sidestepped the question, emphasizing instead the extensive warranties they offer and suggesting that battery costs would decrease as the warranty period draws to a close.
This case is a "Stinker" in ALL possible ways. A young man who is so unfortunate to be totally surrounded by Crooks and total incompetance. A 100 % SCAM.
KIA and Hyundai are pure garbage. Everyone of their EV's from 2007-2020 had defective batteries. The Chevy Bolt used the same LG batteries so they were all affected as well. They had a $2 billion usd write down due to millions of gas engines that needed replacement. Uninformed consumers buy this junk because of the perceived value but in the long run they get stung. Just google it if you don't believe it or better yet goto TikTok and look for the many mechanics who are replacing hundreds of these engines every day due to poor quality.
The issue comes from a terrible dealership that felt it was an opportunity to sell a $60k battery or get the guy to buy another car from them.  Kyle, make your life simple and buy a 4Runner which is will last until your grandkids learn to drive.
I’m seeing more and more stories about the price of replacing EV batteries. 😢
The EV auto industry needs to grow up and mature if they want people to fully embrace them.  Shame shame shame.
Can't believe they tried to sell him a second one.  Disgusting vultures
Feel sorry for Kyle this is not the only one I have heard of.  I will not be buying a BEV anytime soon for many reasons, this being only one.
Looking at that invoice closer are you sure there isn't a typo?  The Net & List price carry over and it looks like they put a 5 in front of it on the right subtotal column.
What a scam!!!  Even the insurance company is a scam!  Shameful!!!
It appears that the issues that plagued the Hyundai Pony era continue to persist, raising concerns about the brand's commitment to improvement. Quality control and customer satisfaction should have been at the forefront of Hyundai's evolution, yet it seems that the company has struggled to address these fundamental aspects.
Do not buy a hybrid or EV. There. Fixed it for ya!
Talk about getting it up the arse with no Vaseline! 😁
I have question on the quote/invoice, it appears to be incomplete.  The old battery would be still worth a large amount, but there is no core charge included in the quote.  Recyclers will line up and pay a good amount to get access to this car just to dismantle the battery and sell off its parts.  That value should be reflected in that rather callous two line quote.  Also its pretty clear here that parties involved simply did not want to be liable for the slim chance of future problems.  Kyle here appears to be a victim of the dealership practicing C.Y.A. (cover your arse) more than anything...
bottom line, ev is not ready for prime time!  no public infrastructure! no private charge station at homes! etc... ev are not better for the environment, since ev requires 10+ chem to make, while ce cars only need less than 5+ chem to make! ev is not better for the ozone cause of climate changes, since a large amount of energy is needed to charge all the batteries!  wind, solar are not fully reliable to generate energy. currently, most countries are still using coal! going nuclear is the only known way to generate energy that doesnt damage the zone now... put a stop on ev and rethink and replan a plan before intro ev again!
I had my 2016 Kia Soul battery replacement I dealt directly with Kia I have no problem getting a replacement battery on my car it was a wonderful experience. Deal directly with the headquarters only
I just dont get it... how is a whole car 55K and the battery alone 60... are the manufacturers loosing money on each sale by like 40K? Or are they super upcharging batteries because they simply can.  Also,  why didnt Hyundai inspect the car to begin with. A scratch on the cover doesnt equal battery replacement. For all everybody knows the cover wasnt aligned properly at factory and just looks damaged.  I seriously contemplating going with the I5, but this treatment of the customer turned me off of it.   It's pretty much saying "dont report stuff, let the car catch fire instead, then claim insurance/manufacturer fault"... as in "scam them back" to make it fair.
All I can say is, V8 baby!! 😂
Thanks for the video, but first off I would never ever buy a vehicle from Hyundai or any dealership.  They suck in their analysis and costs.   I guess we all have to do our homework now and the first thing to ask about buying EV's are the costs to repair, replace or fix the main battery should it become void under warranty or go beyond battery warranty periods.   That is still kind of dumb if they see scratches on the protective covering of the bottom of the vehicle which protects the main battery, and then say the whole battery needs to be replaced.  That is without looking at and checking the battery.  The battery could of been just fine.
This comment is not specific to Hyundai because I have seen this type of report for several well known EV makers. I find it funny that a car can cost $55,000 and a part for the car cost $60,000. That means that they lost money on that part and gave you all the other parts of the car for free when they sold the car or that part does not cost anywhere near that much. My second confusion is, if they know those part are expensive then why are they not putting better protection on the car for those parts? They are on the bottom of the car which is known to be a problem for road hazards. People would pay an extra $1000 or more to have armored plating covering those components. I agree with the sentiment that how can you have an eco friendly vehicle when you have to throw it away at the slightest issue. That kind of negates all the carbon savings of an EV.
Totally batshit decision to write off a car that almost certainly has no battery damage at all.
We purchased a 2023 Infiniti OX60. I was never convinced EVs are a viable option for many reasons, and I was right. We will hear scary stories like this in the future. "buyer beware." *BTW, Ford lightening truck production has been cut in half.*
I don't want to blame the victim, but there is no way anyone should accept a judgement on the battery as if it is a monolithic untestable unit. And, Hyundai has work to do on this sort of issue.  I would insist on, if need be, pulling the pack and repairing any damaged cells, which is what ICBC will do to recover their loss.
Kyle is for sure going Tesla
My solution: Don't buy Hyundai! In a world where we have to pay for a plastic bag to reduce waste, let's scrap a brand new car. How pathetically wasteful ☹️
Well, there goes my real consideration to buy Hyndai/Kia hybrids and EV.
It’s an SUV! He ran over a tumble weed and it destroyed the battery?? Ridiculous
@6:38 the list price on the battery says $6649.98 That’s a long way from $56,649.98 !😮 Why the $50,00 mark up ?
Ev ,im stay away for now dont need a headache,its my legs go here and there while im fighting car makers really im sure have time😢😢😢😢
Scare tactics at work.  They just want your car to be serviced and you car can be on the road that won't explode and cause fire.  If your car didn't have any issue after that pothole, why you even think the car will cause fire. Sadly this guy got screwed twice, by the car manufacturer and the scammy repair shop. You are better off buying a ICE car.
I stopped drooling at Ionic 5
You guys missed the most important part of the story, he originally got a quote for $30k for battery replacement then went through insurance and the quote skyrocketed to $60k.   Obviously there is severe gouging from Hyundai on the battery cost, they clearly just apply their standard parts margins to the battery when this shouldn't apply the same way.  However, the real story here is the gross inflation when it comes to insurance vs non insurance claims and why ICBC doesn't want to do anything about this other than to just pass the costs along to those paying the insurance.
Paying that much for transportation is not very smart.  We all know the batteries are stupid expensive. He should of known better. The solution to this problem is stop buying experimental vehicles.
Bc and federal rebate works but they should help with this problem or issues coz goverment money involved especially low income buyers need help this vehicle goid for the poir not because you are Rich. Gooo Green??
Kyle should have tried a different dealership. Dealers are known to be crooks and they will try to make money out of any situation. Who knows if his battery back is really damaged.  I’m very surprised that he didn’t even pursue the second opinion route.
Hyundai is just giving themselves the worst free publicity possible. The sell cheaper cars including both ICE and EVs, but the manufacturer won't stand behind their products.  Wil just cause new customers to avoid them completely.
Changed my perspective on EVs. Hyundai placed the responsibility of safety on the owner; fix it or any explosions is on the owner?! Sounds like a hostage negotiation. I'd rather spend $120k on something else. Toyota's take on hybrids were correct. Safer, more cost effective, less repair and proven tech. Do better Hyundai. I don't trust your products anymore, will not set foot in the door.
The battery price alone makes no sense.  There is no way the battery is worth more than the car.  Pretty sure if they were to inspect the battery that it has nothing wrong with it, Shady dealer, they are scamming Kyle.  Give him his warranty back. I am so sorry for Kyle. Best of luck.
I will never purchase an EV.  Green Energy is a scam.  EVs are a scam.
Is  Hyundai selling their EVs @ cost of batteries- rest is all subsidy?
EV Batterry replacement cost is what will kill the electric car.  Remember people freaking out about $4000 for a transmission and throwing a ICE car away? how about $25k for a battery? Has everyone just gone nuts and think $69-$100k for a car is ok?
One more reason for me to stay away from EV
When you buy a new ev , double the price in your mind as that is what the real price will be. You can buy a lot of gas for $60,000 over 8 years.
Good information and warning. How can a $55,000 dollar car has a Battery that is more expensive than the car ? Does that mean the rest of the car is worthless ? Unless Hyundai likes to lose money on the car that they are selling, something is wrong here !
Thanks for sharing this story team. I had an issue yrs ago with a Toronto honda dealer. 3 cars to setvice manager and honda canada. Once i went to the various user forums, explained the situation,guess who devided to listen. Keep pushing folks.
I love how people bought into the myth of ' saving the planet ' when studies have shown that it takes around 8 years for an EV to be as carbon efficient as a regular car. Considering the battery won't last that long I guess it's just polluting the soil instead of the air. Business as usual for big companies and people gobble up a slogan without actually giving it a second thought.
I would just drive as is and do not park inside in case of a fire. That is a good policy for any EV
Thanks guys ,Hyundai is definitely a brand now I’m staying clear of in future,this is unacceptable!
I doubt that there is anything wrong with the battery especially since the protective cover was not removed. They should have followed normal diagnostic procedures before coming to the conclusion to replace the battery.
Given the large dollar value, I think the best thing for Kyle to have done is to consult an automotive lawyer before releasing title to his vehicle.
If the battery protection cover failed to protect the battery from such a minor impact then surely Hyundai are selling a product that is not fit for purpose?
Get an EV they said.  The battery will last decades and not need replacing they said.  Then BOOM $60 000 battery replacement just a year into ownership.  lol Ridiculous.  Main reason I can't see myself making the switch to fully electric.  Manufacturers need to figure out how to make battery swaps much cheaper, or the EV market will collapse in no time after stories like this get released.
So many red flags in this story!  Poor Kyle.  Thank you for sharing.  Hyundai really, really dropped the ball on this one.  And their letter saying that every battery case is different?  WTF!  The battery costs what it costs, why would it be $50K to Kyle and a different price to someone else?  The fact that they were recommending replacement even though they couldn't verify any damage to the battery is insane.  Of course telling Kyle the car might explode any time was very concerning.  I just can't believe that such a small incident would damage the battery causing it to need to be totally replaced; that they couldn't tell if it actually even was damaged, and that the cost could be either that high or variable depending on nebulous "factors."
Complexity equals repair dollars. It’s not a difficult concept, but bells and whistles are seductive, aren’t they?  For decades people loved the VW bug, a primitive, durable, easily maintained vehicle. But oh the allure of powered windows, heated seats, a fuel gauge!  LOL  The gap between what folks want and what they need continues to grow as does the cost of making those decisions.
Nobody ever mentions this part of EVs. When the battery goes on these EVs nobody will replace it at this cost and just toss the vehicle out. also in hindsight, the owner should have not gone through insurance. They are just the worst. Should have gone to corporate Hyundai first.
My 4x4 has a sump cover so if I scratch if it was an EV they would scrap madness
Another issue is what is someone suppose to do if they are not able to drive the car to work and you don't have another car as a backup, etc.  Insurance (rental for another car) only gives a certain $$$ amount and most people can't afford to rent a car after that period while this issue is being resolved.   Also, if he hadn't brought it in to be checked (even after thinking) that he hadn't hit anything what would have happened the next time he brought it in for regular service?  Seems like more headaches than its worth.
Stick to gas car and trucks and mini vans so simple
Your show is great 👍👍👍 so interesting thanks ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
60k for battery? What happen to the warranty??
Battery will explode?  So EVs will become a terror in the future?
That's so unfair
It's like Al warranty on Al automobile s if it's cost them it's not covered
Scrap and get a gas powered car
So they don't have to pay the cost and fitting robbers
So what you’re saying is I should buy multiple of these cars and sell the battery for a profit and then the rest of the car for parts for even more profit?
Terrible scrap it there useless EV cars give me a gas truck any time at least the battery to start my truck will only cost 100 dollars give or take EV useless things
I know people who had bad experience with the same manufacture of this EV.  Their gasoline vehicles also have horrible long term engine and transmission issues. Before buying an EV it is important to know the cost of the battery, and types of parts that tend to go wrong. This is important if you want to keep the EV after warranty.  Personally, I would never keep any new car past warranty.  It is horrible that the battery would cost more than the value of the vehicle. I cannot imagine if someone wanted to keep the vehicle past warranty repairs can be more costly than the vehicle replacement.   For most EVs battery replacement when out of warranty the average battery cost is in the range of $12K CDN to $15K CDN. For the luxury type EVs in the price range of over $80K CDN with powerful motors and sports performance the battery can be in the range of $20K CDN to $25K CDN.
Hi guys I did a bit of research on battery prices on a 2023 Volkswagen id4 rear wheel drive with the big battery and the complete battery pack assembly part number 11K 915 910 CA IS  $ 52,342.00 the make of the battery cell are LG but replaced cell modules are available part number 0Z1 915 599 J price each is $ 2,526.00 there are 12 in total so for the cells alone would be $ 30,312.00 so the rest is the battery case and some wires but it’s very unlikely the a vehicle would need all of them at the same time and the battery protective plate called under bar is not very expensive $ 1,611.00 most likely what the ionic 5 would need to repair it properly   I also checked for replacement parts on a 2021 Volkswagen Tiguan it’s a very comparable ICE suv in the VW group so a new replacement engine is 06k 100 035 T $ 8,087.00 not including any accessories like turbocharger injector intake etc just a long block a new transmission is $ 11,784.00 so for the set is $ 19,871.00  all price are in Canadian money just wanted to see the difference in price in a different brand and VS a gasoline equivalent suv.
This is just insanity. You could by a Toyota, drive it 250k miles, spend 6-10k for a new engine and another 5k for a new transmission, drive it another 250k miles and do it ALL OVER AGAIN and still have spent less than the cost of a single battery replacement of an EV. And yes, you can get referb batteries, but they typically only have a 1 - 3 warranty and degrade much quicker. Even then, you're looking at anywhere from 8 - 20k for that.  EV tech is not ready for mass adoption, we're rapidly racing towards a huge economic disaster if we keep getting pushed to move to all EVs before battery and charging tech is ready.
Thanks for this video.  It is making me think about what I would do if I were in a similar situation with my Kia Niro EV.  It looks like Hyundai Canada is taking the right approach in being actively involved in battery issues like this.  I completely agree that an actual physical inspection (removing the protection plate) and testing procedure should have been done to be able to make a complete assessment.
Regulation needed from canada govt to tame these idiots car manufacturers and dealers.
EVs, No thanks. I could not afford the astronomical hidden sneaky costs. Not much point in saving the planet if I have no money left to be able to live on it. Horse and cart anyone?
Everyone should know...😢
If the vehicle still performed fine...ie, no battery charging/range issues, how can one justify replacing? Also, always go direct to manufacturer if dissatisfied with the dealer. Most manufacturers will help find resolution.
We've had a Kia Niro Hybrid that required some warranty work. The dealer couldn't fix it, oddly enough, until the warranty had expired. And while the vehicle is decent enough, the dealer network is horrendous. Tried two different dealers, same issues. I had been considering an EV6 but with the lack of customer service, and the lack of ability to repair the Niro, I've had to reconsider. Shame, but they've done it to themselves.
I would have cosmetically fixed the problem and carried on with the car for years.
Went to shop for a KIA PHEV here in SoCal, not only the sales people all have major attitudes, the markup was crazy, I got turned off and left shortly before I even test drive the car, and that was before the pandemic!  Went to Honda and got the Clarity instead.  4 years later, the AC broke, would’ve cost 2 grand to fix because the mileage was a little over the warranty, but Honda still chipped in fixed for me and only asked me to pay $200.  By the way, I just found out that our local SoCal Hyundai dealership is hiding tons of cars in a shopping mall parking building top floor.  When I went to the dealership, they told me they had no inventory, everything has to be special ordered!  I am so glad I got the Honda instead of KIA right now, and Clarity was my first Honda and won’t be my last for sure, steer clear away from Hyundai and KIA.
Dude I be driving my dropped Miata over bumps hauling ass, something breaks like 100 bones and I’ll fix it myself. People got things all fucked up.
I don't understand I look up 60,000 in American money Google say it's $:15.46
I've got a better idea....don't buy an electric car.
hyundai and kia need to be held to thier bumper to bumper warranty claims. road debris exists and warranties are binding. you shouldnt just be able to back out.
Doesn’t common sense dictate that this protective battery cover be a replaceable piece?  Obviously it’s going to scrape over things in the regular course of daily driving.  How is it that this underbody panel that is the most common impact point isn’t an easily replaceable cover - especially when the damage is so superficial as in this case?
Very interesting case! This situation needs to be better understood by customers, but also by insurers so they may better support impacted insured rather than quickly assessing it as a total loss.
no way a battery should cost that much
Great report! Terrifying though...
I searched OEM part number 37501-GI351 and found a battery for $6334.93. There's something more to this story that someone isn't telling us.
A rIdiculous situation. The decision to total the car without even performing a check if the battery shows signs of actual damage is beyond dumb and wasteful
Good to see someone stand up and fight for consumer. But this should not happen if dealer at least spend a bit  time check detail. Unless this "simply   warranty void if any scratch at protection plate warranty void" made by manufaxtory.
Until regulations are put in place that batteries need to be modular and easily swappable in devices and vehicles, you’re just going to have this problem. It’s honestly disappointing that governments have not put regulation in place to have these batteries designed to be modular, you’d think it would be in their best interest, both to recycle them and to buy replacements. It’s planned obsolescence essentially, and deserves to be shamed and stopped before the next model year of vehicles happen.
If we are going to move forward in supporting EV adoptions (and we should)-car makers should replace batteries at low costs, such as a few hundred dollars in situations like this. Looking at the bigger picture should supersede immediate profits-especially when dealing with a change in car buying that is healthy for humanity.
The high cost of replacing battery will stop people from buying EVs.
More broken Hyundai / Kia top to bottom managerial disconnect.
That’s not fair for Kyle. If I buy EV, it would be TESLA
That was all on the dealer........would never buy a car from a crappy dealr like that
This is some automotive news. Appreciate this insight full and bringing shame to the greedy dealership giving the brand a bad name. This is something that head office needs to clamp down on.
I will never buy a Hyundai/ Genesis/ Kia product after watching this video. Clearly there is a manufacturing defect if a minor under shield brush collision can cause a battery to be damaged. The company should refund him/ the insurance company all money spent and compensate him for increased premiums. If they would have done the right thing, it would have cost them significantly less than having this story out.
So basically, this proves that EV are only good for the city.  One of the many reasons why rural people dont buy these.  People that drive gravel roads regualrly would have that "battery cover" chewed up just from use.  POS
They are just throwing random numbers around, trying to get money back from all the engine fire recalls.  We cannot generalize all EV vehicles due to Hyundai/Kia price gouging.  How can consumers avoid bad companies if we generalize all vehicles.  Imagine Ford being having the most recalls of any company and we mention Mercedes.
We all know that's a 10k battery.  Dealers have huge mark ups.
Thanks for the video. I’m glad Kyle had the courage to contact you.
EV’s are a joke in my opinion. Here in the USA the Ioniq 5 starts at MSRP $41,650.00 and the battery pack is MSRP $37,655.18. The moment you buy any car/suv you lose about 10% the moment you leave your dealer after purchasing, so that brings you to $37,485.00. This is why EV market is failing, price of EV’s is too high, range sucks, infrastructure for charging is poor, and charging time is long. In most parts of Canada it’s really cold in the winter, so your range definitely suffers from that. Some Eco friendly people think that they are saving the planet, but yet fail to realize where the electricity is coming from, plus how many different types of minerals it takes to mine a battery. Hybrid car/suv is a better option for most people. You get better range, and you can go coast to coast on your trip without needing to plan where plug in your vehicle. Combustion engines + Hybrid is the best choice.
Thanks for the story. I was thinking on getting a EV but this makes me think twice.  Especially from Hyundai.
That is crazy!!! Most sedans and hatches scape their under belly.    The car is quite low and what happens if the middle of the underside if you go over a speed hump?  According to the dealer the scratches were quite minor.  Surely Hyundai would've known that when they engineered the car?
*The early adopters were rich and had too much money as well as being gullible to MSM hype. The fact remains most people dont have 40000 to 60000 plus 600 insurance first year and 2000 to 5000 thousand second year...plus the risk of the thing catching fire and needing a 20 meter empty space as well as as 17000 to 34000 for a replacement battery after a fender bender..plus range anxiety. plus time waste on charging plus poor charging infrastructure. Sales will plateau and then decline
If the car can't handle normal wear and tear, including minor impact, then it's not suitable for purpose
put an ice engine for 1500 instead..... 🥺🥺😞😩
This is not rare lol. But the better question is how can battery cost more than the car?
Just to let you know, the battery that is right underneath you weighs about half the car and need to be unbolted or drill out of the chassis. No mechanic out there would be happy to check the battery for damage 😂 bad design by engineer, not by mechanic
Well, I have definitely taken Hyundai off my list of possible new cars. I have been putting off purchasing and extended my lease for 6 months. I was thinking EV but have to rethink that.
If you are so stupid as to buy a Korean car then just pay and look happy. But then so is buying an EV to begin with so double stupid.  Yes, I sound like a rear hole but Korean cars and EV are garbage as it stands right now.
Appreciate you guys sharing this, unfortunately I’ll be avoiding Kia/Hyundai.
Simple don’t buy a stupid electric car
Even though, I live in the United States this helps explain why after towing my 2014, Hyundai Sonata Hybrid to my local dealership for repairs even with my Lifetime warranty (unlimited miles) on the Hybrid battery system, they still first had to open a claim with Hyundai corporate (which, was a two week process).  While, all costs for the replacement of my battery pack will be covered under my warranty.  My needed replacement hybrid battery pack as been on back-order for the past 6-weeks and, there is still no estimated date of delivery.    We will never know, the true unit cost Hyundai corporate pays for these battery pack units (since they may buy 75,000 per year).  But, no part on an automobile should ever cost more than 20 percent of the price for the vehicle when it was new.  Therefore, with a new sells price of $50,000 a replacement gasoline powered engine, electric powered engine, or battery pack should never cost more to the customer than $10,000 for a new unit and about $5,000 for a rebuilt-unit.   While, my next automobile will most likely be another Hyundai ... perhaps a Genesis gasoline powered G-80.  Do not think that, I will ever buy another hybrid electric automobile, plug-in hybrid electric automobile, or fully electric automobile (smile...smile).
It’s called price gauging, made possible by lack of regulation. To be quoted more than the price of the car to replace 1 component is beyond insulting. This type of treatment will not be limited to Hyundai or KIA. Thank you Kyle for sharing your story, if legal action is not an option, then I hope Hyundai Canada makes it up to you somehow.
As the owner of a first Gen EV and looking to upgrade to an Ioniq 6. This story leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Between the high cost of current EVs and risks of ownership as stated in this story. I am contemplating going bad to an ICE vehicle or hybrid from a more reputable brand.
Enough already ! I don't need any more reasons NOT to buy an EV.
This why eventual used car sales for electric vehicles won’t work, no one will want to pay the prices for replacement batteries!
My wife and I have been debating whether to get an EV. The fact that a company could have battery as a “part” that costs more than the car has convinced us that we will stick with ICE and maybe a hybrid until companies get their act together. As for the Hyundai/Kia/Genesis family, I am not sure we will consider them.
Kyle, I've been trying to reach you about your extended car warranty!
55k! Lol. You can get 2 Mazda CX-5s for that!
Here is my POV: The battery protective cover did not perform its function!  Replacement parts are over priced. Consumers cannot spend countless hours quarreling  with major corporations. BUY A CONVENTIAL GASOLINE POWERED VEHICHLE THAT IS 1 OR 2 YEARS OLD< NEVER NEW!!!
They should really make the battery modular so that it can repaired at a fraction of the cost what a waste to replace an entire pack
EV's were always a scam, and will always be a scam, from the source to the destination.
There needs to be a separate insurance category for electric cars when determining insurance premiums.  We should not have to subsidize the stupid purchase decisions of others.
This issue will impact the whole insurance industry. If I have an accident with an EV and I am at fault, this will impact mine and your insurance rates.   Why not replace the cover with an independent shop, then the manufacturer will never know and and will not void the warrenty.
This is why you need to look up information on the car before you buy it what some things may cost to repair if they're out of warranty or damaged unfortunately people just see a car and buy it and don't think anything else. I run to this all the time as a technician for over 35 years I also quote that people also don't ever read their owners manual and 35 years I think that's only happened about five times so do some research on your car before you buy it read your owner's manual after you buy it and then hopefully you'll enjoy a decent car owning experience.
Wouldn't  that be under warranty
Salute guys. A great reporting.  Facts to think about.
Wait till they tell ev drivers have to flush batteries liquid at 60k, pricing can be upto 5k... total scam!!
Why are people buying this idea o f savingvthe planet and money big scam it ends up costing people way more do your research dont fall for the marketing bullshit they deliver tesla you are on the hit list too you bombard people with this marketing that sounds like everything is perfect but you wll wake up out of your coma after you buy one shake your heads the costs just keep adding up if it was up to me these piedpiper puppeteers  would all starve to death dont be fooled people DA!EVEN A MONKEY UNDERSTANDS THE FACT NOTHING GOOD WILL COME FROM BUYING A EV JUST COSTLY HEADACHES AFTER YOU REALIZE YOU BEEN SCAMMED!🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🐒🙉🙈
So when car was new the purchase was really for a battery only and the rest of the car was thrown in for free???  Another example of the subsidization  of ev's to ram them down our throats! I will pass!
@motormouth Here's a tidbit you all may not know. MFGs find more and more that the dealership model of bringing cars to market is fraught with issues. For example, the only reason TSB are still dealt through dealerships is because there are clauses in the dealership contracts that mandates that certain types of operations must occur at the dealership level (to protect the business value of the dealership).  Tesla and Polestar do not suffer from this affliction because they do not have dealerships and is one clear advantage other MFGs do not have the luxury to avail themselves. Granted the model has worked in their advantage for decades, today it has become sort of a liability.  This is not solely for the car industry but as a whole. Any recreational vehicle for example (of any brand) will have the same type of contract.   In the specific case here for the battery (and the astronomical, stupid pricing of it), clearly there is gouging involved. There is no way a battery is worth 60k.... not even 20k. It may be a sizeable part of the car but.. come on! I would want to see the margins they have (across all the chain) for this item alone. I would have to say... Probably in the order of 800-1000% (if not more) from original cost of materials and assembly.   Now, for that dealership that didn't even remove the protection cover to inspect the battery... You get an F.   Unless you have techs that have x-ray vision and EMP, & Chemical detection at the tip of their fingers, there is no way you can determine if there is damage to the battery. You simply went to the Apple model, the cover is damage, we'll replace the battery... "for safety purposes".... for smokers, be careful not to leave the ashtray full, dealers will quote you a new car to remove the ashtray.
Great and important highlight, so thanks to Zack and Andrea as well as Kyle for sharing his experience. This justify why there is a reduction of people's interest buying full EV cars, since neither the current battery technology nor the cost support such a purchase. Those EVs are similar to any smartphone we buy those days, and the battery just lose capacity or die after 3 to 4 years with a huge difference replacing a whole EV car or the battery versus smartphones. I also agree with others, that not only Hyundai/Kia will find any excuse not to honor their warranties, but most other brands will do the same, including famous Japanese brands. The bigger issue here, and this is from experience, that unlike other countries, there are no support or venue that protect consumers from dealerships and what we have is simply not helpful.
This is the second Hyundai battery replacement horror I've read of in two days. Yesterday I watched a news report about a 2018 Hyundai Ioniq Hybrid battery costing $15,000 CANADIAN on a $27,000 vehicle that's 4 years old!
More of this is showing up. You must be a big risk taker to buy an electric car maybe also hybrids?
Dealer scam?
I believe that standardized battery swapping like Nio or Ample in the US would be a solution for this issue and also range anxiety.
Thanks for posting this.  I was considering this vehicle and now I know 100% I will never be purchasing a Hyundai ever.
We need more trained licensed mechanics that know how to repair rather than techs who just replace parts with very little diagnostic experience. Few dealers pay their mechanics fairly for their time, and some don't pay for diagnostic time. That system needs to be fixed.
I bet Hyundai love you guys .Ha Ha Thanks so much for exposing what a potential financial disaster these EV`s can be,no wonder sales are in free fall.
I am a permanent magnet synchronous motor advocate, but I will never buy an EV pr Park an EV on my property as long as they are powered by Lithium ion batteries. It’s not worth the risk or aggravation!   Kyle should buy a Honda Civic
Thank you for bringing this up!! I had reserved the EV9 from Kia a few months back with a $1000 deposit. But, I wanted a 3 row immediately, so I bought a 2015 Sante fe used car for the time being. Now, I am happy with this one and was thinking about if I need to spend another 75k on an EV. This video just cleared my mind - Not worth it. I just called Kia to cancel me reservation.
Here's my due diligence, avoid Hyundai. Don't be lured by their low prices.
The entire system is out of control. Frankly both car and insurance industries should be heavily regulated to avoid this nightmarish situations. EVs cannot have a future if this continue. Batteries should be standardized across the entire system and capable of being replaced in minutes. Like a certain manufacturer in China and Europe does.  You don’t recharge the battery you just go to a robotic station that swap your battery in minutes. Enough with this no rules system we have. All industries should compete within established rules, not make the rules as you go like we have today.
This is bad publicity for all EVs, but perhaps not as bad for GM. They specify that their Ultium batteries have packs that can be individually replaced or remotely deactivated (would mean less range). I'm not saying that repairing the battery of a Lyriq or Blazer EV won't be expensive, but it seems very unlikely you'd ever need to replace the entire battery on a GM Ultium EV unless you had a serious accident or there was very severe degradation.
Wow.  What a nightmare story.  Thank you for bringing this to our attention.  Very informative.
Oh no, someone from Apple will watch this video and realise they are not charging enough to change the battery on iPhones. 😢
Shame on you Hyundai! This is a great way to steer buyers away from EV's and from your brand! Classic double-speak from the public relations department, too. I own 2 Hyundai cars and 1 KIA, but my next vehicle will be a gas-powered car with a great JD-Power score...like Cadillac (who would have ever thought!!).
Why is the list and net prices priced out at $6649 but then $56649 in the line total amount. Seems to be a typo error to me that noone has picked up on. The dealer also didn't remove the cover to check the battery as dealers are only in business to fleece the customer out of as much money as they can, and this is a classic case of it.
This is one of the reasons why i have not touched EVs even though i can easily afford them. Battery range issues (claimed vs actual), replacement costs, range deteroriation with age, etc. Much better to buy a Toyota Hybrid instead..
I have been a tech now for almost 24 years, mostly honda and toyota experienced but as of 9 years ago, full service for all makes. Many car companies have had to go through alot in the past 20 years to meet EPA and safety standards, so to some degree i understand the challenges they go through, i was in full swing when the hybrid's started coming out and for the most part, honda and toyota nailed it, but others like ford and volkswagen did not and still struggle to get it right to this day. But nothing has been more frustrating than when pure EVs started showing up, the wave of the future they say, less parts to go wrong, but in reality, it's much much different so far. They cost WAY!!! more to fix, nobody (besides these specialty EV shops) wants to work on them, dealers want nothing to do with them, nor care how to fix them, so they just go for replacing everything, come up with some of the most ridiculous excuses to void the warranty (hint hint, they're told to do this because manufacturers are losing money hand over fist right now on them and the last thing they want is to put more money into them so they take any excuse to void it (yes all EV companies are doing this and trying to keep it hush hush) and the funny part about it is, i'd say about 50% of the time, it's something easily fixable and we can modify it or just have to wait for the parts (which take about 70% longer to get then any ICE part takes) This particular story sounds like a classic, they made the sale, use any reason necessary to void warranty, get it off our hands, move on. There was nothing wrong with this battery, this was just a excuse to not have to pay, when really none of this should have every gone this far. How i know this is because i've seen this now a few 100 times not just with Kia/Hyundai, but other major companies as well. The sad fact right now is this, EVs are so new, nobody wants to take the bill for any of it when it goes wrong, but this is the push right now to go EV, but in reality, EVs are not ready and won't be for at least another 10 years, maybe longer. This is unfortunately one of the many hidden under lining negatives about trying to push something new like this into the mainstream market (Also worth noting ((hopefully not like this everywhere else)) we had a customer come in with a rivian r1s, they went to charge it and it cost him $74 E to full ((about 40 minutes to charge)) vs a ram 1500 2022 costing $91 from E to full, just thought that would have been a bit more cheaper than that, not to mention half the chargers he went to on the way here didn't work or wouldn't charge) My advice to everyone is keep your ICE or get a more fuel efficient one, look instead into a honda or toyota hybrid (they are pretty much bullet proof at this point) if you want to be more eco friendly, and just be patient and let car companies go through 2 or 3 generations of EVs before buying a new one.
It’s not more expensive  The government /tax payer pays the difference  vote with your wallet you can easily have a 40 year old ice car but you  will spend that money on a 8 year car  and get nothing back  what else do you do that for
So don’t buy a Hyundai, got it.
Buy a Nio problem solved
Can't speak for Hyundai, but a lot of manufacturers here in Europe already replace parts on ICE vehicles without knowing if they are faulty. They scan the car, get an error code, and then just keep replacing parts until the error code clears.
This is why you are better off getting a toyota prius
Hence why will.never buy electric !! Ever!! The biggest scam in Canadian history!! Global warming..
The BIG question is why does a new battery cost as much as the whole car? It makes the ownership of an EV car untenable/unacceptable. When news of this gets out Hyundai will not be selling many EVs.
I'm shocked about the cost. Like Andrea I know about degradation over time and that was where my hesitation lied with EV cars. I drive a 2010 Volvo S80 that is extremely reliable so I need a long-term car to replace it. My thoughts are now are still hybrid I guess.. My advice to anyone is to definitely contact vehicle head office. My only unscheduled dealer visite/ repair came early in my ownership. One month out of warranty the sunroof broke. It was a shattered gear. The dealer said it would cost over 700 dollars part and labour' to fix . I contacted Volvo Canada and they agreed to cover half the cost which I thought fair. Thanks for they great reporting.  Marcel
ICBC means TAXPAYERS are going to pay for this.  Whadda CROCK   JR
Wow! This is enough for me to staying away from purchasing EV …..thank you guys …..
I'm going buy Tesla, Tesla way more better, thanks for this content
What a nightmare - when minor damage can make your vehicle a total loss?  Ridiculous.  I'm staying away from EVs.
The title of this video should be: Don't buy an EV from a dealership. Buy a Tesla.
All Kyle has to do is take the vehicle back from the repair shop and drive it like normal. All he did was scratch a beauty cover. FFS people...
Lots of unknowns….1) “he felt like he avoided it” huh? 2) how much discount was Hyundai willing to offer him? 3) why not just drive the car if it’s still working ? Was it going to potentially explode ?
How many people could afford replacing the EV battery along with the monthly payment and  insurance cost? This just an isolated issue at this point but people will move away from this product when it becomes unaffordable.
Cause EVs are green 1 year throwaway. I'd put money on this car being owned by the daughter of an ICBC employee
2:52 that $56,649 total is just simply a Type-O. It literally says the price for the battery is $6,649 in the column next to it. They just simply added a “5” in front of the actual total to take it from $6,649 to $56,649. Batteries don’t cost $55k. Stop spreading lies.
The real question how can the batteries cost same as the car . Is the whole rest of the car free when they build the car..  someone is acting stupid
People will still buy Hyundai junk you're wasting your breath
Dealers are generally motivated by money, not generally long term relationships. This situation was probably a department manager wanting to hit a bonus and was probably not in line with the long term goals of the brand. If “Hyundai” as a global corporate could have been at the coalface on this from the start it may have been a very different outcome. Even the dealership owner may have approached this differently but these quotes would not get escalated until they blow up like this has. Good story and will drive change across the board.
EVs are not the future. The grid can’t support them all. Terrible for the environment with the toxic batteries.  Long live gas /diesel vehicles!!
Wow, this is a PR nightmare for Hyundai which has me reconsider buying an EV altogether…..Kyle is right, what will be your car value is 8-10 years when the battery needs replacing?  Theoretically, EVs would be worthless under that assumption.
The real story is that the dealer is actively discouraging EV sales to prop up a fading revenue source of servicing ICE cars.
Shameful clickbait.
The scary part of this is what if Kyle didn't check for damage. He could have sold it to someone else who would have been stuck with the bill and no insurance to cover it. I guess you better bring a used EV to get the battery checked before buying it used.
Welcome to canada and the government terrorist organisation the CIBC I bet Kyle will get a gag order by the stealership
Stop calling it a 10 years warranty!
This is the sole reason I’m personally hesitant about EVs and would only lease for now. A $60k consumable item is just ridiculous.
EV is a scam.
The sheer potential optics of wyoting a consumer the full cost of a vehicle to replace a part... As if this story WOuLDNT come to light.  The drsler scted moronicslly NOT to escalate to corporate before issuing the quote.  Id be crossing that dealer of my list
We cannot blame the dealer because the electric vehicle battery is very dangerous and explosive device. Even smallest deformation can cause a short which can lead to explosion.
People please stop buying any type of EV or hybrid. It’s a scam. It’s so sad that people fall for this type of scam. If people just buy gas car there life will be a lot HAPPIER plus save millions of money and time.
The issue also lies on the dealers trying to make a lot of money on technology that is changing the service model. Old practice in new tech. Upsell and scare tactics.
Why didn't Kyle just keep the car if it was running fine?  It may have been good for years to come.
Many insurance companies don't want ensure electric vehicles anymore because of associated costs and they're losing money on Tesla's now
EVs will have double carbon print on the planet then gas powered vehicles, is a fact.
There is a huge scam going on here.  My guess this is a one off with a scum of a dealership and insurance company.  Just start with the "damage" to the protective plate.  They are barely scratches .     I am not worried about EVs because of this strange story/scam
As an ev owner since 2015.. stories like this sadden me.  Its hard to move the ball doen the firld if situations like this habe even a remote chance.  Shame on the dealer snd shame on Hyundai Canada.
The dealer shafted him, they should have taken it apart and check it. This is even more reason not to buy these vehicles, absolute junk.dnt buy an Ev .
The battery shield cover did what it was suppossed to do. From the picture it shows minor scrapes, I personally wouldn't have worried about it. But the dealership definetely should have removed the shield and visually checked the batteries themselves. Typical lazy dealers that don't care who they rip off.  I think Kyle was just being cautious by having it checked out by the dealer but like I said I wouldn't have worried about it, if the batteries were damaged there should be some indication while driving the vehicle. Once you get the insurance company involved then they are in control and you have to listen to them, so he lost the car.
The biggest issue is why those batteries so expensive since the cost per kw is around $100 so a 60kw battery should be around $6k 🤔
No EV’s for me!
This is a typical service response from Hyundai even for smaller issues. I have issues with the rear hatch squeaking terribly. Small issue. Same response from Hyundai. They push back to the dealer who says they don't have a fix, they push back to Hyundai Canada, they answer the call only to send me back to the dealer.....even though they admit it is a common complaint. Stay clear of Hyundai in my view.
My bull shirt sense is tingling with this one. The cost of replacement battery for an Ioniq 5 in  UK is about £6,000 and about £2000 labour so about 10 to 12,000 US dollars for the smaller 58kw/h battery. The larger one as used in the Ioniq 6 is about $15,000. Further, the Ioniq 5 and 6 use 800 volt systems and modules that can be replaced individually. Is it nearly 6 times more expensive in Canada, even allowing for currency differences? The replacement cost in Australia is roughly the same as in the UK. I also see a lot of vitriol directed at Hyundai and Kia in  North America.  I am speaking from a very small sample of 1 car (Kia Sorento). Every time I had a warranty issue including a dash that had to be removed to get to a heater core and a seat switch that required removal of a seat they just said ‘yes, when can you bring it in?” and fixed it. Maybe I was lucky. I have noticed recently a lot of anti EV stories are appearing in the press and that every time I spend the time to actually check where the information came from and compare it to actual engineers reports and scientific studies it turns out to be nonsense. So yes I saw a piece of paper with numbers on it held up by u-tubers who are keen to get their subscriber numbers up but I wonder what due diligence has been done to verify this story? Do we actually have anything from Hyundai to verify this number or could it be a typing error? Could the insurance company be pulling a fast one by making an assessment so outrageous the car has to be written off then taking ownership, fixing it and then selling it on?  No matter how this pans out something fishy is going on.
Kyle needs to buy a Toyota
I honestly think the dealership is to blame in this situation I highly highly doubt there was any need at all to replace the battery I think the dealership should be responsible for this whole thing heck I wouldn't mind driving his ionic 5 one bit
Theis is exactly why we should not have Ev's. The original NiMH battery's and any batteries since have been highly dangerous due to the low internal resistance and high current output. Essentially your building time bomb. Now the battery is condemned when the car never should have been sold to begin with. They did not remove the battery and prove any damage actually occurred to the battery.  Oh ya, let's open another battery plant. Great idea for someone building a crappy product. You should all be ashamed of yourselves for selling these cars. Great idea, poor execution.
Batteries are mounted in vulnerable places.  Most of these cars are very low ground clearance (SUV/CUV is really just another name for short suburban station wagon that should never go on even a dirt road).  The damage to the underpan is  consistent with scraping a steep driveway ramp or high speed bump in such a lowrider.  The reason you didn't see these problems or so many unexplained fires in early Prius or Fusion hybrids is that the battery was mounted in the trunk floor....not the soft underbelly.  If you drop 60 to 100k on a moving appliance depreciating asset you are going to eventually get burned financially.  The car should last 25 to 50 years at thise orices, and it will not in real world use.  Consider the real useful purpose of a vehicle, before the emotional dopamine or status hit.
We are not reducing any emissions with EVs
60 k is lot of gallons of gas, I was one step from buying EV, but after all this horrible stories, no thanks
"very rare and unique situation?" bro i can't count how many times i bumped the bottom of my car
just buy a BYD
Don’t drink the Electric Kool Aid
I have seen about 1/2 dozen of these videos lately.  BEV or HBEV, all part of the Hyundai group.   Seems like they have a big customer service problem.
My takeaway: EVs are not worthy if their battery fail post warranty.
EV interest ended for me when I saw similar issue in news.
Accident damage would never be covered under warranty, always insurance, but with that battery price they’re clearly ripping off customers. The battery does not and cannot cost more than the entire new car.  They are clearly price gouging battery cost. More emphasis needs to be put on demanding an answer from Hyundai Canada on why the replacement battery price is higher than the price of the car new.
And this... Is why EVs are not a solution to replace ICE.
Very important issue. Thanks for the video. This topic could be a new series for you guys. It's only going to grow in importance and relevancy.  One question. Could this type of issue been covered by some kind of additional warranty at time of purchase?
Don't buy Ev .not worth the hassle. And don't save money and planet.  It plut more before and after use
Dealership, stealership....
It’s too soon to buy an EV.
So I guess for the time being we better stick to combustion engine?😊
Perhaps the battery protection plate needs a battery protection plate
EV's are a lie.
A Horse will be cheaper - no batteries needed
More and more I hear Nightmares from EV ownership. I was looking forward to buying an Ev as my next car, definitely going to push for combustion instead.
Hyundai BS just like all car companies!!
It's worrisome that the battery protection cover can be impacted and not do it's job correctly leading to the requirement for a new battery as I can imagine that it is easy to damage those covers going over speed bumps. Owning an EV isn't such an easy thing to do.
And now, Rolls-Royce has an EV for sale.  Imagine getting a scrape on that battery cover.   It will be a hoot!  😂😂😂
Why would a manufacturer design a vehicle has higher repair cost than entire vehicle value?! It’s such a scam
I will never own a pure EV period!!!
A specialist will replace the battery for a fraction of that price, the Hyundai dealer just wants to sell you a new car.
Dealerships have no engineering expertise. They have mechanics ("technicians") who often don't have enough experience to diagnose ICE cars properly, let alone EVs.
Nio is the solution when they eventually get here. Swappable, chargeable, upgradable. Plus you can use charge stalls like any other EV. Wow!!!
I have always avoided dealerships. Just had to replace a thermostat on my 16 year old Lexus RX...dealership would have charged me $500+...I have a trustworthy mechanic total cost including parts just around $150. I can't imagine getting 15+ years out of ANY EV/battery...so I will NEVER  buy one....EVER . It's just a stupid concept especially when you realize that your $55,000 investment is worthless before the   alleged "warranty" even expires. Just try selling one after 5 or 6 years of ownership...you would be lucky to get $10k our of it...the battery will already have reduced capacity, and replacing it for tens of thousands is NOT an option!...EV is today's laserdisk!
given battery replacement costs, EV's are essentially disposable.  If the battery, for whatever reason, goes bad, replacement costs more than the vehicle is worth.  Remember the good old days when you could go to a salvage yard and get a replacement engine if you spun a bearing on the one in your car?
Wow this is really nuts it seems like these electric car thing is turning into a huge scam. every little thing that goes wrong they say battery replacement without even a proper diagnostic. tesla is doing the same thing. Well you can count me out, I was in the market for an EV until i see how these manufacturers are screwing their customers. Until there are independent repair shops. It seems like these manufacturers do not do diagnostic they just say battery replacement for everything because it's money in their pockets. It's all about profit. Right now there will be no hybrid or EV for me for the foreseeable future. These auto makers will have to eat their EV's. No one in their right mind will buy these vehicles now. Tesla and Hyundai/kia has single handedly destroyed the EV industry by their greed and incompetence.
Batteries should have been designed to be easily swappable from the start. NIO implemented swappable and rechargeable EV batteries and proven to be workable.
My first EV was a 2017 Hyundai Ioniq 28kWh, and it was a brilliant car. City driving, I could get over 6 miles per kWh and 4-5 miles on longer runs (in summer) as it had great aerodynamics. It was also very well equipped.  Personally, I wouldn't let one person's poor experience put me off buying a Hyundai or any of the numerous EVs on sale today.
EVs are a scam. You should have realized when you bought one.
That's reason #2 I'm skeptical about getting a EV.
Thanks for reporting this. Thats the third time I hear Hyundai trying to overcharge battery replacement. I think one guy from toronto 2018 model They asked for 50 000$ and another one 18000$ even older model. I heard tesla doing the same.  This ev thing is a scam, you are not saving anything. Government need to step in and make clear rules. You are already paying premium for "ev" and after all that you have to deal with things like that.
I almost bought a tesla this year and after doing extensive research on the car, I decided not to. Battery replacement costs, Windshield replacement costs, and now with other companies being allowed to charge their cars at Tesla stations made up my decision. I bought a Lexus UX hybrid. Super cheap (regular fuel) to fill up and super reliable. Toyota has been making hybrids for more than 20 years with very little issues. I think HYBRIDs (HEV) are the future!
Pls publish similar cost for all brands as well especially china made cars as they make cheap cars with low quality and low reliability batteries
Another reason why EVs are not ready for primetime.
Another story to firmly cement my avoidance of EVs for a very long time.  Total scam
You’d have to be mad to buy an EV.
I'd take that car off him for 15 grand after a battery inspection, warranty or no warranty! Seems nonsensical that a battery can be written off because of scratches to the "protection" cover. The industry will have to be better at detecting damage to battery cells, because if they are writing off a part that costs as much as the new car because of an abundance of caution, then that is unsustainable.
A couple of words, don't buy an EV, it's not just a Hyundai problem, it's an all EV problem, a petrol vehicle will out last an EV, petrol cars are cheaper to produce. We looked into buying Electric pricing long term ownership costs etc, we had one in mind and a few visits to the dealer, couldn't drive one as they never had stock. So we decided not to go EV and stay petrol!
Where's Scotty Kilmer when you need him? 😂😂😂😂
I was thinking about Hyundai EV but after this I'll run away.
Even if the battery were damaged, there’s surely salvage value that should garner some form of credit to offset part of the cost.
Buy a Diesel!
Thank you for exposing this and sharing such an illogical and frustrating story. We need to hold these corrupt companies responsible and demand better service, warranties, and right to repair that serve the customer. Let's just say this for what it is - this so called green vehicle saving on emissions etc, is a single-use vehicle. If the battery costs more than the entire vehicle brand new, Hyundai/Kia has created a disposable vehicle.
I think this whole situation with EV’s is a farce. The fact that Governments are literally lying about “climate change” and the fact that EV’s aren’t ready for prime time, this story should be a wake up call for people. I’m just glad I don’t live in Socialist Republic of Canada and live in the trying to be Socialist Republic of America 😢. Hope Kyle makes out ok.
What EV enthusiasts need to know is that the “battery” is made up of 1000’s of small Li batteries and from a risk assessment, the slightest impact may damage one or two of the small batteries may be damaged. This means that there is a possibility that the “battery” may suffer thermal run away and explode and catch fire. Unfortunately this  type of situation will only increase as more and more EVs are purchased. Li car batteries have huge energy storage and are very dangerous. It’s disgusting how Kyle has been treated but this is going to become the norm due to the inherent  Li battery issues.
"The salient points are that the driver hit some object on the road. The driver did not experience any problems, but took it to a dealer which found scratches and maybe a dent on the battery cover. The dealer declared that the battery had physical damage and needed to be replaced, at C$60,000. The insurance company totaled it.  So the dealer made a hasty decision that the battery needed replacing. The dealer normally has to consult with Hyundai for a battery replacement, but since they only gave a quote and never started the process that never happened. The insurance company and owner didn't know enough to push back, especially on a car not exhibiting any problems.  The insurance already paid, but Hyundai is offering a discount on a new car to the owner. Hyundai says that they'll inform dealers that any HV battery issues must be escalated to corporate first.  There, saved you seventeen minutes of slooow video."
That’s it, I’m no longer considering going electric.
This is the old trick of hiking the price up because they do NOT want to deal with the problem. Very likely on the service side they don't have many qualified technicians. If you don't know there is an industry-wide service techs shortage. Very few technicians have the knowledge and experience to deal with big repairs... From those few even less technicians (that have been in the industry for decades for example) are interested in the new EV technology. Why? Very likely because the Flat-Rate-Time system techs are paid on is OLD... Imagine working on this new technology all week under WARRANTY and you get paid for 1 day. Yup this happens frequently. So a lot of people will try to not deal with it.
I guess the question to me is "why does just the battery cost so much?" If it really was that costly to Hyundai they couldn't possibly make a profit on selling the whole car for less. So Hyundai didn't appear to make any attempt to justify what must by a hyper inflated replacement part price. Its all about profits not the customer in these type cases. As the saying goes in the US, "its all about the Benjamin's"
There is no way this battery pack cost $60k. If it were that expensive that would mean they were selling every car at a loss. There is no way these greedy manufactures would sell it for a loss.
I totally get the environmental impact of ev and gas engines. Are planes going to be electric, or are we going to eliminate flights all together. How will we travel across country, stop every 500km to recharge a battery for 3 hours.  We need change, not sure an ev is the answer. I have often said a one day per 2 week travel ban. Only, and only essential service vehicles would be allowed to operate. No private or commercial veh in operation for one day every 2 weeks, we just cut emmition by 7%. Not something that will be an easy sell, but the benefits will outweigh the downs. Dave & The Girls
If insurance has to keep paying out then they will address this problem.   Also your getting ripped offed by insurance. Sure they covered your vehicle but you’re going to pay them back.
EVs are being pushed into the market before all problems have been resolved. An ICE car in reasonable condition will still have a value after 10 years. Good luck trading in your 5 year old EV fore anything above scrap value.
I’m out of the ev market now I am not going to roll the dice on these cars just yet and I was considering a ionic 5 over a model 3 I love the look of the 5 ,but now I think I’ll keep ice cars for a while. Maybe forever to many problems arising with these evs
Kyle, get a NIO!
This story is outrageous. How in the world can a battery cost more than the entire car? Does this mean Hyundai is losing $50K on every Ioniq 5 it sells new? I don't think so. This is an out and out scam and I hope the world can watch this video. Hyundai just set EV cars back 20 years and I am afraid fossil fuels are here to stay and climate change is inevitable now.  Do not purchase EV's, lease only from here on out.
Never buying an EV till they stop the gas stations..
Well personally I have no sympathy for the owner. It's well known to sensible people that battery replacements for EVs are extremely expensive, and dealers aren't really at all interested in doing a customer any favours after the car is paid for and driven off the dealers lot, but I guarantee even if someone had pointed out the $60,000 cost to the owner before they bought the car they would've still gone right ahead and bought it anyway. Why? Because regardless of any good advice that's given, they think they know better.
I find it funny ICBC eh what happened to NO fault insurance.  Guess the "adjusters" cousin gonna have a new car soon !!!!!.  Double his rates for next 10 years!!!! What the !!! .  ICBC been very silent lately with all them BONUSES !!! And all new MAX PROFITS!!!! .... THEY DONT WANT THIS ATTENTION TRUST ME !!! LOL.   Wow, JUNK RATING!!! Thank you!!! Definitely opened up my eyes !!! Great content!!! HOw is a EV EVEN GREEN LIME SERIOUSLY JUST SAYING ..........
My take..... EV's are basically a  " climate grift scam" promoted by the leftist
Just by a reliable vehicle powered by an internal combustion engine, problem solved, 100 years ago.  The morons buying EVs are the same morons that queued up for Covid vaccines. There’s just no helping some people.
Yet another reason to buy an EV.
I had an Ioniq plug-in 2021.  Still under warranty and the dealer makes me pay for engine light on.  They quoted $800.00 for cleaning the gas tank.  So I sold the car and never buy Huyndai/Kia again
People buy EV’s to lower carbon foot prints.  How does writing off nearly new vehicles like this because of ridiculous battery replacement costs reduce carbon footprints? An ICE has a life of 10+ years.  It doesn’t need to be written off or cost me $60k every time it gets a scrape underneath.
I want to know what Kyle replaces it with. Surely not another Hyundai...  I owned a Kia Sorento for several years that had multiple recalls, but the dealership could never get parts to perform the recall. Will never buy Kia or Hyundai again.
HYUNDAI = OWNERSHIP NIGHTMARE!!  The high voltage battery in my 2017 Sonata PHEV died under warranty when the car was only four years old with 42,000 miles.  Hyundai refused to repair or replace the battery under warranty.  I had to go through non lemon law arbitration to have the vehicle repurchased, which I won easily.  However, Hyundai then decided to miscalculate the repurchase amount and attempted to underpay me by $2000.00.  This forced me to go through arbitration a second time, which I won (again).  The whole process took 18 months…No loaner.   If you own a Hyundai…Sell that piece of crap while you can…
An EV battery is a car part, it's a very important car part and as with many other important car parts, you need spare parts, located everywhere, just incase, and here lies the problem. Nobody's keeping spare batteries for these things in stock just in case someone needs one and if you are unlucky to need a replacement EV battery, buy yourself some good lube, that's all I'm saying 😂
Would never consider buying any car from Kia or Hyundai . . . .recall reading articles about owners who were clearly fobbed off even though cars were under warranty
EV’s are trash tbh, this ain’t the way of the future. They need to figure something else out.
Then Ioniq 5 has a car with lithium polymer battery so the chance of fire or explosion is not a problem please check on how these batteries work
Point is this would be a non event for an ICE car. Canada like us yanks is on the money induced high of "Green" which means EV's and Hybrids have these expensive batteries. The moonbeam and pixie dust illusion we can improve the atmosphere and save the planet is driven by money.   Here we have a very expensive car that is too fragile to deal with the smallest road hazard. The most expensive part is the most fragile and exposed part. Where is a steel plate to protect this battery? Hyundai should eat this and move on.  The owners cardinal sin and transgression for which he must be responsible for is falling for the EV moonbeam myth and buying the Koolaid car and taking the blue pill daily. As Morpheus told Neo "Welcome to the REAL world" ICE forever!
All this is supposed to be on EV's that are more 'environmentally friendly'! Add to this the range concerns, lack of charging infrastructure...and really - are we there yet?
Never ever buy a idea.  Base models no extra i was taught. You get your money stolen.  Base car, base engine.  If its not reliable than that. I think this is crazy.  I wouldn't buy a kia or hyundai.7 out of 10 catch on fire of statistics 🙄 😅 Buy yota or old Honda
I think this has something to do with bodyshop’s connection with ICBC and some shady used car dealer to make the vehicle retitled and sell it for profit with a cheap fix.
A puncture from the bottom and you car can go on fire, or total lost. Regular engine car or hybrid car got hit from the bottom, replace that part and keep going.
I’m still cautious about going EV. Second hard market value? Long term maintenance cost? Battery replacement cost? Now this, insurance handling/evaluation. To me, hybrid is a way more practical to go than EV.
These EVs are the future, solving all of Humanities Problems. 🤡🌏🤡🌏🤡🌏
What a joke. 🙄🤬
Same thing happening here in US, even with smaller hybrid batteries. They cost more than the car did when it was new.  This is what happens when you force a product into the market by Socialism instead of it developing naturally under free market Capitalism
This sounds like the EV techs at Hyundai dealerships are not trained to check the status of the battery packs, within the drive battery, for damage. Let alone comeplete a scan of the drive battery's condition. It soinds like a policy of replacement, not repair, is in place (based on this story).  This is one of my concerns that ties into lack of third party repair options, as well as gatekeeping of schematics and repair procedures on EVs right now.
The two columns List and Net show $6649.98 and jump $50K in the next, most likely a print error, but strange all the same. What is the purpose of the battery protector when its has a dent, that like loosing the warranty on the ICE engine because you dented the sump guard.  The real reason for these write offs, is legal lability, its too hot a potato for any dealer.
I had battery replaced on Kia Soul EV. For my experience it is clear that dealers have a very minimal diagnostic capability, just basic degredation test. Early on during regular maintenance when I asked to check the battery degreadtion I was assured that my 12V battery is perfectly fine. I didn't even bother to complain. That means that today any battery with any issue has to be replaced and shipped away, so the entire problem is basically dumped onto owners. It is especially alarming that battery warranty is no longer reliable and they are adding such flimsy loopholes. This is not going to help improve perception on EVs. Terrible.
Never buy electronic vehicles it will not last for 20 years and also battery replacement very very expensive people just think they save on gas but they pay more then gas car
Just a layman's, not a mechanic's understanding. They should have a battery protection cover protection cover for the protection cover. OR they could just move the batteries to the roof to protect it from any collisions since it bears the majority of the cost of the vehicle.  I'm ready for any consultation, Hyundai. But this one's free. You're welcome.😀
This is an example if how prices get jacked up when insurance is involved. The replacement cost of the battery is not nearly that much normally.
In the U.S. Hyundai hybrid, plug-in, and electric batteries are covered for 10 years.
If battery protection plate has some minor marks, don't go to the dealer, find same car with example front accident, buy that battery protection plate from this junk yard car and exchange the good plate to your own car. Or contact electrify garage, Rich Rebuilds, they will fix it 90% cheaper
Shady dealers.  Here in Ontario Even walking into Kia/Hyundais dealers just to buy the cars, these dealership act like their cars are made of gold. I found their sales team are all under trained. Reason I did not buy Kia or Hyundai was mainly because of the dealership experience, not to mention having to pay 45000 + for a Kia or Hyundai.   This is a case where the dealer tried and pulled a quick one one this kid. Funny how their answer to fixing his issue was to sell him another.
Vehicle manufacturers, dealerships, and insurance companies have gown to be the most untrustworthy private entities in the western world.  The insurance company is reselling that vehicle to a shop to make money faster than you can blink an eye with likely very little cost to fix it to be resold. They will continue to try and screw over that poor owner however one can be sure.
Dealers in the US and Canada seem to be only interested in looking after themselves.
12:05 This story scares me. Not only because of the price to replace battery but also hearing a recent report that used EV cars dropped so much in value (wonder why). Kudos to Mazda for delaying to get into the mainstream of EV vehicles. I'm going to stick to my ICE cars for as long as I can. Paying $1000 for a belt replacement every 10 years sure beat paying 50000 odd dollars for battery replacement.
Kyle and everyone else who is tricked into the ev scam should do their research.  Don’t believe the propaganda from ev manufacturers…. They lie.
I bought my Ioniq 5 in 2022. Shortly after on a road trip a warning light came on and the car wouldn't charge above 80%. I took it to a dealer and they told me there is some damaged battery cells. Since it's under warranty they just ordered the new cells, than had to wait for a special hyundai technician to install it.  All in all it was an ok experience. Took longer than i expected but they got it done.   So here's my take.  Dealerships has no trained and knowledgeable personel when it comes to EVs. This is the biggest issue overall. You go in with a problem and they are clueless as to the meaning of the issue.  Secondly, there is absolutely no way that a battery is that messed up to the point that ALL cells needing replacment unless you wrecked the car. Cells are separate, you only replace the damaged ones, not the whole pack, that's just nonsense.
I how the hell can they charge $60,000 for a replacement battery on a $45,000 car. This sounds like a catalog of errors by the dealer and the manufacturer to me. I would sit on my dealer  at the end of the day it’s them that sold him the car and as such have a duty to put right the issues in this case the battery. Normally if you try to talk to the manufacturer you are told to first talk to your dealer.
First mistake,was to buy an EV.
Vehicle write-off  after 1yr due to some markings on battery protection cover . Fuel economy = $60,000k battery    . economical nope  Environmentally friendly  = nope
So from perspective someone living in the Eu. So come to Canada as Expert for 120K-150k, when you get to Canada, you find out that 120k is actually like 4k after the Taxes. So you end up with Peanuts after you pay for Flat,Food abd bills. And for that 70% tax you get Fup for all kinds "Dealers" and "Services". Sorry but no thanks. Regarding this electric, I'l skip. For a difference just between electric and gas, i can drive gas for a lifetime. Plus "idiot tax" on battery replacement.
Funny how "EV haters" have been saying this for years and have been shot down .
I think you should cover how much battery replacement costs for all manufacturers. It would be really good educational video for consumers and wake up call for dealers.
That’s unusual m the replacement cost is usually about the cost of an engine ice , so around 15 thousand 😊
Great work great info guys.Thanks a lot.
People buy hybrids from Toyota or Honda and be eco friendly. Do not buy an EV's at the moment ..wait another 10 years or so for situation around range, insurance, price of the vehicle to change and improve. Don't be a loser be a hybrid user ;)
🫡🫡🫡 👏👏👏👏👏
Wow, my 2001 Corolla suddenly seems awesome! 😂
I am not too surprised as Hyundai Korea has been doing same to Kona EV’s. Older gen Kona did not even have cover and protruding bolt (worst design ever), and when it had even the slightest scratches on the bolt, Hyundai did the same thing. Warranty void, it’s your fault, whole battery has to be replaced.
So after scraping over something but you felt you missed it... the next thing you do is go home and get under there yourself and look and see if it looks like it's really all that bad or leaking coolant. Try to even take pictures. And if it's still charging and driving then... FIND A PRIVATE MECHANIC... To look at it and tell you if the battery has been compromised. Don't go to the dealership... Don't pass go... Don't pay $59,000 Canadian. Once you brought the car to the dealership and left it there for a day or two... anything was possible. They swapped your good battery out and put a bad one in there. Then charge you $59,000 Canadian for a new battery and put your "old" battery in somebody else's Hyundai ionic 6 that's not even 12 months old. WHO PROBABLY RAN OVER THE SAME "THING" AT THE SAME PLACE... WHICH OF COURSE IS NOT EVEN 10 KM FROM THE DEALERSHIP. 😆🤪
This sounds like a complete con, insurance too. In effect, they are saying the battery protection cover provided no protection at all. On top of that, they have written off the battery with no testing or inspection of the battery completed. Long & short, if Hyundai are taking that approach, their battery cover is not fit for purpose, hence launch a counter claim against Hyundai.
Something sounds suspicious about this dealerships pressure on Kyle without actually checking the battery.  Maybe the dealership doesn't want the liability if his car catches fire and burns down his house or maybe they don't have the expertise to determine whether the battery is okay.  Still its ridiculous that Kyle  would be charged so much for a battery that it would total his car.  Wanna bet that the car gets resold at an auction and some one drives that car with the voided battery for 10 years?  Better yet that the new owner doesn't know his/her battery warranty is voided?
Well..thank you (again) Toyota
Having bought a new Santa Fe in 2013 and struggled for the next five years to get issues fixed under warranty, I wouldn't ever consider another new Hyundai. Used, maybe. But forget paying new & expecting protection under the warranty.
Seems like nio is good options
The Hyundai PR Manager's comment is just a load of "corporate gobbledygook" that failed to explain why the cost of the battery replacement is MORE THAN the price of a new car.  The fact the Hyundai Canada, Hyundai Korea or even the United Nations wasn't informed is irrelevant.
Good for you @motormouth for bringing this to the attention of many. I like that you didn’t weren’t afraid challenge a large manufacturer, nor be silenced in any way. The current situation is outrageous for EV buyers, the manufacturers need to sort this out ASAP.
Just shows all these car companies barring Tesla are losing money on every ev car sold
Its not just ev s none of  dealers honor warranty read fine print on so called bumper to bumper warrantys keyfobs sunroofs etc r not covered  read fine print before you buy .
So these things are eye-wateringly expensive, have no range, take for ever to charge, are as fragile as eggs, can and do burn fiercely, have a terrible resale value and are not even 'green'. So can somebody remind me why some people fall for it and buy them?
Must be insane getting an EV!!!
Oh what fun owning an EV, my fun will be never to have one or even a Hybrid. ICE for me every time.
I'm seeing a lot of these stories and see one huge concerning similarity: That these dealerships and car manufacturers and so forth, they don't care about these people's cases until a news team sheds light on it and then they quickly jump on it due to fear of their customers finding out the scam they're trying to run!
EV is a SCAM n a FARCE
You should be able to check and replace certain parts of the battery and not the entire thing. Shady dealership. Don’t buy from the Burnaby location.
Big thanks for sharing this incredible story. I'll stick with ICE for now. Until you get a BEV as a company car, it's better to steer clear.
This is very helpful and interesting. And also terrifying. **In related, I was just watching a news report today about the U.S. cracking down on Junk Fees. Perhaps cracking down on EV battery exploitation is next?
the amount of corrupt excuses is disgusting.
battery was defective from dealer new, hasnt been proven in real world conditions. no company is building any batteries correct.
Disposable razor is so backwards...disposable car is the future 😢
Not everything that looks good at first hand is actually worth pursuing. The electrical vehicle technology is not there yet regarding batteries. Use small combustion engine cars.
Common sense will dictate that you would learn from the bad consequences of your decisions, so you don't make the same mistake twice.  All part of growing up.
Mad props for helping out a fellow Canadian. It is absolutely ridiculous that this happened to him. Thank you for helping him out and hopefully he gets some justice out of the situation. No ones insurance should have to suffer over something like this?
Criticise the extortionate business model
This reminds me of a relative of mine who has photovoltaic panels installed on his roof . The job cost 6000 euros , it lasted about 4/5 years then the inverter stopped working . He was quoted 5000 euros to replace the inverter and now doesn't know what to do . As for this case all I can say is avoid Hyundai , the brand is just not worth it .
EV green environmentally friendly my foot
1 incident and makes the whole brand lost the confidence from all potential customers~ I mean "good job Hyundai, you did well to screw up your own business"  The CEO should just cover all the replacement cost to make this guy happy and this video will never showup
Don't buy an ev, simple.
This begs the question, is Hyundai taking a big loss on these vehicles or drastically marking up the cost of a replacement battery?  Yes, that’s a rhetorical question.  Disgraceful across the board and yet one more reason to never buy a Hyundai.
His car is fine. This looks like the local dealer went too greedy and the ensuring company have no other option but to write it off and sell it at auction, good as new.
I have watched many videos over the last few months on the multitude of serious problems people experience with EVs. In addition to expensive battery replacements in nearly new cars, the number of EVs spontaneously combusting with thermal runaway keeps growing. In addition to the direct issues with the vehicles are the issues of ecological damage resulting from the mining for materials, human rights violations, use of child labor in mining, deforestation and others, I have reached a conclusion that for me is a no brainer. I will not be purchasing an EV any time soon. I plan to keep my nearly trouble free 2012 Subaru Outback for a long time to come. I won't go into the cost of the current offerings of the vehicles themselves, which are increasingly priced out of the range of the middle class. EVs are currently sitting on dealer lots all over the nation and both Ford and GM are hemorrhaging billions from EVs that are sitting for 90-200 days on the lot. In short, no thank you.
On top of all that the thing is ugly af and won't save the planet either...
I’ll stick with ICE cars for now
Im just sick of this overinflated prices . Its everywhere not only in cars . Just people and companies just wanting to profit without any compassion
Great reporting, thank you. I hope this is a fairly isolated case. Tesla now sells 1 million cars a year and if this was a common problem, I think we would have heard more about it. Really bad things can also happen to ICE vehicles: my son’s 2019 Ram needed a new engine and rear-end, replaced under warranty for….$27,000!
All of you have to understand this is why so important for the company to make PROFIT on each sold veichle!  The sticker price is only a number which makes you able to decide if it's worth it for YOU or not. Car companies are willing to sell u cars on loss, so they can prolong their RnD so in the end they can make profitable products.  If they would press hard to get the technology and tooling to get profits immediately, they would go bankrupt, because it takes a lot of time and effort to reach that point and the bank account can be big, but never infinite.  The process of not taking off even the cover of the battery though it's still enraging!
It's called a big scam. 😅
Oh look more reasons EVs are not the way fwd.
Why be a Beta tester  for any EV vehicle? This expose did an excellent service to all whom are considering purchasing an EV vehicle. As always, "Let the buyer beware." 🤔
Dealership earns money on warranty works
Thanks for spotlighting this problem.  Now it sounds like it's better to stay away from Hyundai as they don't honor the warranty nor take care of their customers. Unfortunately, you have to advocate EVERYTHING for yourself because no one will do it for you.  A customer should not have to work so hard to make a wrong, right! The bad publicity and word of mouth reputation will spread like wild fire and is going to cost the company if they don't make things right.
It’s pretty clear that there is a more than 99% probability that the battery pack is fine and no intervention is needed, but at the same time is impossible to 100% certain that this is the case. Therefore, for liability and legal issues both the dealer and the insurer will take the safe way out, declare the battery unsafe and go for a replacement, which brings up all the issues mentioned, a problem which will only go away once EV battery prices are drastically lowered.
Honda Australia is no better with warranty claims.
This is why I always recommend sticking with Toyota or their luxury brand Lexus.
Brilliant report, I guess I purchase another ice car before they stop producing them.
Thanks to this I'll never buying an EV or a Hyundai. Sorry for your difficult and unfair situation and thank you all for shedding light on this issue. Auto dealerships are a cancer in this society. Love the channel 🙏
Thank you for this great report! I am looking forward to the follow up.
I live in the U.K.  So the warranty was voided because the battery cover was scratched.  Remarkable!
Wow.. thanks for this video. I would not have considered the fact that a battery had to be replaced out of warranty by being damaged. This is a huge consideration when purchasing an EV.
When everyone figures out how stupid these EVs with regards to battery replacement cost they will wish they never got rid of their V8 petrol cars. Every EV are disposable toys. No point to replace the battery of a 5 year old vehicle if the cost of the battery is more than the car.
Not buying an EV or Hybrid car anytime soon. Less is more, I'll stick with small gas engines.
Not sure about Hyundai but with Tesla, battery replacement will be just a *remanufactured* battery.  On top of that, there is only a 1-year warranty for that replacement.  In addition, the cost is quite significant.  It seems that there isn't much value left after a battery replacement.
Welcome to electric utopia as mandated by .gov
With the cost of the batteries and related costs of replacement (and how insurance works here) it seems like ‘most’ collisions could somehow lead to this scenario? It seems like there would be a very small range of vehicle impacts that would not be impacting the battery packs?
My 2022 ioniq 5 already changed battery due to battery cell issue. It took more than 2 months for the dealership to find out what is the problem and communicate with Hyundai Canada if the repair is under warranty. That surprise me the battery failure may not covered by warranty. However the good thing for me is they covered all the cost under warranty.
To offset the carbon emissions created in the production of an EV it is estimated that you'd have to have an EV for 10 years for it to break even. If the EV is written off so easily, where is the benefit of having one !
Thanks for sharing this info Zac and Andrea! It is ridiculous that we need social media I'm order to get Hyundai Canada's attention. Glad you guys did and helping Kyle out. I just wonder what would happen if this was a Tesla?
reality bites
Nowadays, A lot of car manufacturer face a cross road and not sufficient experience to make good quality EV.  Therefore, most of them are experiment with consumers' cost.
That pr exec response basically means they have no good process for battery replacements, warranty or not.  Guess im crossing hyundai off the list. Too bad, kinda had my eyes set on the i5n
Had a friend with an Elantra who had his transmission fail well within the 10 yr warranty. Service advisor added something was wrong. Car then sat in the lot for 5 weeks with no action. When he called for status the SA stated they’d be unable to honor warranty due to no stock. He threatened to go to local news. SA stated he would check with manager to see what worse could be done. 15 mins later he called back stating transmission warranty would be honored after all and be end of the week, but only if they didn’t go to the news. Car ended being ready within 7 hours. In researching further Hyundai cancelling their warranties is common practice.
EV people having a reality check on they're eco cars. REALLY... didn't anybody ask the dealership before they buy an EV car on how much a new battery will cost.
Yes sure ill buy another 60k dollar useless pile of junk on discount please. Ill buy one every year, Im Cutting Carbon..
Good job bringing this issue to your audience. My daughter’s first car was a Kia with a recall on the structural integrity of the frame that KIA & its HO refuse to fix. My advice to individuals thinking about buying KIA or HYUNDAI, they are GARBAGE & save your money & buy Japanese. Shame on Jeniffer & Hyundai for their continue vocal diarrhea & no resolution & loyalty to their customer.
It's so wholesome to see people NOT blame the consumer for industry problems!!! ....just wish this was true for everything!
I work in a sensor company selling sensor to sniff Hydrogen leak from EV battery to prevent thermal runaway which will cause explosion.  To me, it is very hard to determine if the battery will have issue as even 1 little cell is damaged eventually an explosion may actually happen.  I think it's beyond dealer's capability, at least today to be able to figure out if there is an issue.  To see if there is actually damage and even just 1 small cell damage everything needs to be taken apart to check which given the labor cost will be the price of the car probably.  So I can see how dealer is totally helpless even if they wanted to help.  I guess this is 1 downside of EV.  This is just my opinion and in now way I'm stating the actual problem as presented here.  But for sure it's eye opening on the cost.
I think there's one big question missed to be asked here: Whose liability it is if the battery cover is damaged which would potentialy damage the battery, is it Hyundai's design flaw, or driver's fault. More importantly, who can be the judge? It's not fair that Hyundai (or Dealership) gets to denied liability without 3rd party's inspection and review. Not fair to car buyers at all.
The price of the battery the dealer quoted was full retail price.what was the dealers cost of the battery from Hyundai ????? I bet it was a third of the price quoted. Stealership
Planning to get a car soon, with every car manufacturer electrifying their entire line-up, shoud I / other consumers just get an ice while they still make them?
producing ev makes more pollution than a ice car and you need to do approx 200k miles to make any difference. ev are a waste of space, mega expensive and you cant recycle the battery. which means a 5 yr old ev is absolutely worthless. thats why sales have plummeted. they are rubbish
The price listed for the battery was $6649.00 but the total shows $56649.00?? Typo?
Dealership love EV and Hybrids since you are severely limited who can service your vehicle!  They can charge what ever price they wish!  Stick to a fuel economy vehicle! My 2023 Nissan Rogue get amazing fuel efficiency with 3 cylinder 1.5L turbo! 😊
Why doesn't Hyundai make a protection that works?
Bad representation for the manufacturer. Definitly helpful for such information to be shared with the EV community. Thanks 🙏
Bad pbulicity for Hyundai.  This is unacceptable, since HYUNDAI should have put better protection to the battery especially if it's at the underside.
Not buying a ev car
Having watched this there is no way I am buying an ev. Already have concerns about chassis damage but this is even worse
EVs are made to fukk you up. That's the nicest way I can put it.
If I was Kyle I would be buying a Toyota ICE or hybrid vehicle next, for trouble free motoring for many years. There are only minimal savings on fuel at best, in EV over ICE.
All of these EV companies rip off their customers on battery replacement. The whole industry is a rip-off. Who in their right mind would invest in this experiment?
Hyundai owes this guy a new car IMO.
First off: what does the industry charge for a battery pack replacement?  For example,  Ford, Toyota.. there is no way a battery costs more than the price of the car when new. This sounds like a scam to me.  If you buy a $50k vehicle and drive over a pot hole, damage a wheel and they tell you it's going to cost $60k to replace the wheel, does that make sense?  I understand the battery is important and essential in an EV, but this just makes me scared to own any future hybrid/EV.   2nd: Can you guys do a video on battery cost to replace for hybrids vs E.V. s.  Fo example Ford Maverick, lighting,  mach-e,  Prius/prius prime, rav4 hybrid/prime, nissan leaf, nissan aria, vs hyundai hybrids/ev  vs Tesla?  If every battery pack for hybrids and ev cost that much, there is no future in it for the consumers period.
I would love for you guys to help me with my 2024 Audi Q8 etron.  Max range I get is 350 kms. Makes funny sound’s pop s when fast charging, and never achieved the 170kwh speed.  Audi won’t even look at my car and I’m left with a lemon.
This is completely unacceptable, writing off a new car for THIS? 😦 The true definition of "WTF"? 🙄
it’s free to replace my EV battery😢
Tesla owners sweating
So I take it that its better to lease EV and turn them in before the battery goes bad.
This is a major concern to EV. Also, one of top reason that I don't switch to EV
Thanks for making up my mind for me.  I'll not be buying an electric car, and will vote against any politician who tries to force me to.
I think that they didn’t take the cover off and inspect the battery, because they don’t have the skills to evaluate the implications of the impact. So to reduce their personal risk they scrap the battery. More and more buying an new ev makes no sense and a used one even less. I remain with petrol.
That’s why ELECTRIC CARS are not yet ready for people to buy
That’s why the early adopters of EVs bare all the problems. I would not get an EV until it has been proven reliable. Also why is the battery easily damaged. There needs to more protection from road hazards. Also why would a battery cost more than a whole vehicle itself.
So is Hyundai making the car at a loss - how do they come to a list price of $60,000 for the whole car when the battery alone costs that much.
Thanks for bringing up this video. This is the 3rd case of unimaginally high battery replacement costs with Hyndai Canada (just this year alone). The only other way to stick it to these kind of companies is to stop buying their cars. Then they'll learn.
If anybody buys an electric car, because of carbon scams, green lies, and environmental credits, they are simply ignorant.  It's time to call out this scam.  The four scariest words to a climate change activist-'scientist'...  SHOW ME YOUR DATA
This is what happens when you're stupid enough to choose owning a Hyundai or a full electric vehicle. Morons get what they deserve. No sympathy.
I still don't understand why this incident wasn't covered by ht eOEM warranty?
All car parts cost more in replacement than on the original car. EV battery damage, even slight, can be dangerous, causing catastrophic runaway burning without notice. It is hard to determine possible damage without disassembling the battery which is time consuming. No part of a car warranty covers repair damage from road collisions, that is what insurance is for. Just like if a steel bar fell off a truck and went through the engine of a car behind it, destroying the engine, that is not a warranty claim.
if you want a good normal ice or hybrid then go toyota, if you want EV then go Tesla. stick with the tried and true.
Appreciate you shedding light on this, you guys are doing yeoman's work. I was already hesitant about EV's, and now stories like this are becoming more and more common. Not looking good.  Now you don't only have to be anxious about range, you also have to worry that your car with average ground clearance might scrape a rock or a parking barrier and scratch your battery cover, thus voiding your warranty and leading to possible financial hardship. Sounds like a hoot!
So a car was scrapped and nobody knows if it was broken. Nice. My wife was going to get an Ioniq for her next car. Not now. This article must be damaging sales big time. Maybe a EV battery insurance should be given by the dealer, for a small price.
Anyone that goes around praisesing electric vehicles needs to watch this.
This is shocking. Everyone knows that you don't need to replace the whole battery, but only the damaged cells.  So lame.
can foresee within 10 years from now, there r going to be many frustrated ev owners n legal battle.
Oh boy not me with this car in Vancouver also..
I think they need a protection cover for the protection cover.
Good reporting.  The dealer is sufficiently concerned that an impact makes the car a "time bomb" and then voids warranty and tells of impending doom.  The dealer and the mfg. does not have the expertise to say that the battery is ok to drive.  So the logical step is to insurance total all of the EV's during any collision or damage.  Sad situation.
One more nail in the EV coffin....
Frankly, car battery costs and their eventual replacements are keeping me away from making the switch. I own a GV70 and will not trade for electric until autonomy increases and battery costs get back down to earth. Imagine the depleted value for an electric vehicle in 8 to 10 years if the battery replacement is half of what your excellent reporting is? 25k in 10 years? We’re back with the question; is long term ownership of EV really sustainable?
This dealership is terrible at Boundary Hyundai, Vancouver, I had an experience with these guys couple of years ago when I bought a brand new Elantra from them. Extremely rude people in service department. They are only after money and more money. Terrible dealership!
No EV for me. Sticking gas until I can't buy it.
WOW....   Talk about runaway stupid. The cover was scratched ,not pierced or crushed. Some one should have dropped the cover , just to ensure the battery was not affected and then re installed.  Take a look at the clips for the all wheel drive Ev's  where they are off roading in a four wheel drive environment , the battery cover is going to receive scratches  etc etc.  $60 000 for the battery  it would be a rip off at half that. I would not buy an EV for these reasons and I already have one.
maybe people should research before buying an ev car how much is the cost of replacing the battery
Buy stupid cars, win stupid prizes. I stay with my gasoline cars to the end. Driving EVs will reduce carbon foot prints is just a BIG scam. Most, if not ALL those people did very poor in science in school. Who will be taken advantage of and be big suckers to EV industries.  Without success in fusion technology, EV is just pointless in reducing carbon foot prints.
Electric vehicles are a non-solution to a non-issue. Their only function is that of a tool for ecological virtue-signaling. Like any status symbol, the HAVE to be impractical and expensive - well, and in that regard the 60.000 quote fits the picture.
Big thanks for bringing this to light. Watched the video and will be sticking with good ol petrol.
What about boycotting the EV's as much as possible? 😄
That’s a crime.  No one should be buying hybrids or electric cars until those idiot manufacturers stop this highway robbery.   The cost to replace those batteries regardless if they are damaged or not should be disclosed to all potential buyers of these cars.   Most buyers would never have bought those types of cars if they knew before they bought.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Should have K swapped it.
one of the many reasons some are STEALERSHIPS and never liked hyundai/kia with spurious warranty
Stick to gas cars
Wow thank you so much for helping Kyle and your excellent reporting … Sure would like to hear the final outcome …… Love your car review videos …..  your review of the  Mitshubishi phev outlander 2023 was instrumental in me deciding to purchase one last May.     Sure hope I don’t hit a road object …….. HMMMMMM a battery protective cover that doesn’t protect …..scary … is it lawyer time ????
And yet the NDP here in British Columbia continues to jam these vehicles down our throats. I’m considering a hybrid myself but theses stories lately are bring my concerns to light. I’m actually shocked that ICBC is actually helping the guy out at all, nice that they’re doubling his rates for ten years.
Less moving parts they say…welcome to a nightmarish future…nope
Since this is caused by an impact, I would not have gone to stealership in the first place. Just go to some reputable independent shops and get an opinion first
Better check the cost of insurance before buying an EV! You said it before: an hybrid car is the better purchase - I agree!
Lesson learned.  Buy a Tesla.
Who would trust a dealership in Canada?   Every single one of them is trying to ripping us off by forcing us to buy dealer installed options or they wouldn’t sell you a car.
Holy crap - I'd never buy an EV after seeing this.
I was gonna but now I'm never.  Thank you guys
Stupid to buy EV cars :  it’s going to be outdated soon, resale value will go to zero with technology advancing, the infrastructure lacking, and the mileage anxiety will shorten your lifespan.
Naveenthemachine hate this 😂😂
I remember as a kid buying cheap watches. When it came time to change out the battery, I just didn't bother because the battery would cost as much as the watch with a brand new battery. Well it is a great business model for a car company. Rather than fixing it, throw it away and buy a new one....
NO MORE HYUNDAI, their vehicles,after 4 years will cost extra expenses, find something else
I’ll stick to internal combustion engines for the next decade.
Here's my advice. Do not buy an EV.  While on vacation last year I drove over a raised section of pavement that is where the fuel trucks add fuel to the underground tanks. My car, a Camry hybrid is low enough already and even lower when loaded with 2 adults and packed with food, luggage and other items people take on a 7,000 mile road trip. The car bottomed out heavily and I looked underneath and found no damage. I was concerned about the oil pan, exhaust and suspension systems. I found no damage or leaks and the car ran normally. Perhaps this would have damaged the protection casing on an EV, perhaps not. If I had damaged the oil pan, some repair would be in order. Maybe to the tune of a thousand or more dollars. In no circumstance would the repair cost exceed the cost of the car. This is one reason EVs are so expensive to ensure. A small accident can total the car. Just go gas or hybrid. The jury is still out on whether EVS can save the planet or not.
Ha, ha, ha! Another ecologic succes! A brand new car declared good for destruction and recycling 😂 By the way, can some of you, know it all environmentalists explain how cleanly these batteries are recycled? Am I going to buy one these driving hazards? NO WAY! I don't want to be called a morron and I refuse to endanger my neighbours and loved ones. I'll save the planet: I'll keep and will carefully maintain my ICE old car. I won't give a sh..  to all the silly comments or bright suggestions. Merry Xmas and happy New year to all, this includes naive Huggy Bears.😂
Sorry to hear about this situation! I was an engineer with Hyundai/Kia for almost 20 years and am also a trained automotive repair technician. The hole with the red arrow is NOT an indicator for damage! Nor do you measure the gap as a means of damage! The plastic cover underneath the car is just that, a cover! By covering the underbody with a plastic shield, it will help reduce drag which helps to increase mileage. Hyundai & Kia has been installing these covers on all their vehicles for many years now just to help reduce drag underneath the vehicle. These plastic covers were never meant to protect the underbody. It does offer some protection as a byproduct but again its main purpose is to reduce drag.  If the engineers really wanted to protect the batteries from road hazards, they would have used a metal shield not plastic. I am assuming the dealership tech that reviewed the vehicle did not actually remove the cover (like you had stated in your video). If he had, he may have found no damage to the battery pack.  As a tech, if this had happened to me I would have lifted the vehicle and removed the cover to see for myself. This would require lifting the vehicle high enough to get underneath. Most owners won't have the tools or know-how to do this. So now they are at the mercies of the dealership techs who may not care to do a good job! Hind sight is always 20/20. If this owner would have taken his car to another dealership or independent shop for a second opinion, he might have received a different diagnosis!
All these EV nonsense is a scam
I was seriously considering switching to an electric car, but this story was the last drop to give up on the idea. The industry and consumers were artificially induced by heavy government subsides and politics. The idea that electric cars are better for the environment is also falling apart. I will continue with the traditional engines until the heavy makeup goes away and we could really assess what the real cost / benefit is. Thank you for helping me form my oppinion.
this will make evs fail if they dont fix this
The dealership business model is built around the idea that you  replace a faulty module  - so that you can get your customer back on the road as soon as possible. They consider a battery a module and do not  even consider  tearing down the battery pack and doing a  component level repair.   I am sure the  battery pack in question  could be repaired for a fraction of the cost of a replacement pack, but the industry expertise just isnt there yet,  apart from enthusiastic back-yard repairers  that aren't part of a dealership network.  Give time, I am sure there will be an "after market" cottage industry  providing battery pack repair and rejuvenation.  - We've already seen this with Prius batteries.
Kyle has a lot of good points.  Great that you guys are trying to advocate for him. Your EV could literally be worth nothing if you tried to trade it in after say 8 years because the battery replacement cost is so high. It's basically a very expensive and disposable item like a cell phone.  It is not good enough to say oh it will probably come down in the future.
Hyundai & Kia are crap companies. I *had* a 21 Kia Sorento X Line and the transfer case leaked. Took 90 days to get it driveable again, transmission slipped and jerked. Dealership told me the transmission would fail eventually, but Kia wouldn't let them work on it until it threw a certain P code. Mine wasn't bad enough 'yet' to get replaced. Got rid of it. 2 years later they are still trying to dig out of this, after software updates, etc... I will never own a Kia or Hyundai product again.
I would find a Professional Engineer who would agree with me in that if that plate on the bottom of the car is to protect the battery. Then it fail to do it's function, there for should claim manufacturer defect. Second the deal has not notified the manufacturer of the issue I would call them myself and they could force the dealer to replace it under warranty.
I was pretty convinced long ago that I would never buy an EV for a variety of reasons that I’ve expressed previously on your channel here and also on other channels that I watch. I just don’t think it’s a viable alternative to gas or even a hybrid at this time. The infrastructure is certainly not in place and the cost of Hydro is definitely going to go up over the years. That’s the one thing you can count on his death, taxes and utility costs will go up.  Now as far as this incident is concerned regarding this gentleman and his Ionic 5, that just gave it the death blow as far as I’m concerned. I can’t imagine thousands if not hundreds of thousands of potential EV buyers would consider an EV down the road . This is something that the consumers must be aware of before they make a decision to buy any EV vehicle now.
Hmm... Car 1 or 8 years old,  dealer diligent or not, Hyundai Canada or Korea... Battery damaged or not... Many useless questions and yet: why does the battery cost $60 k? Does Hyundai sell new cars at loss?
Until there are universal battery packs across manufacturers and models, I'll never even consider an EV.
Love your content. This story would make anybody on the fence on buying an EV run screaming to buy a nice tried and true ICE vehicle.  I like the idea of EVs but after this story (and it is not the first I have heard) I would not purchase an EV regardless of all the other risks.   Keep up the good work!
Was always on the fence about buying an EV. Now, I’ll hold off for as long as I can.
lol you don’t actually save money driving a EV… people are brain washed into thinking a EV is good for environment and you save money ….and don’t know about all the potential issues  Got it…. Sticking with gas for now
Thanks for making a dedicated video for this scenario, it's a shame that a relatively NEW vehicle is forced to be scraped just because of unreasonable Battery/Cell cost(s).....Knowing that it takes so much Effort and Energy in developing and manufacturing the batteries, It is very counter intuitive to scrap the vehicle 2 yrs into it's operation, it's a Shame!!!
ICE, ICE, baby...!
BYD in Thailand gives 8 years warranty on battery
Electric cars are a SCAM
Not clear.   How much insurance compensation did he receive and why would his insurance premium go up when no ticket was issued and the scratches are under the car?   Perhaps another insurance company would charge less.
Did you ask them if the battery cost 55K? Isn't Tesla battery only 10k.
sounds like Canadian Insurance Sucks
You guys doing brilliant job to bring this up here. I too have had terrible experience with a Hyundai dealer in Ontario. Never buying Hyundai or Kia again
Thanks for doing this story! I was actually looking into purchasing an EV and now that I have seen this I’m actually going to take a pass on purchasing one. I can see that depreciation of EV’s is quite large factoring the big question mark on battery replacements.
Thank you so much for this! My husband has been pushing me to drive an EV , specificallly Tesla.  I am pushing back because there's more unknown about EVs, such as this Hyundai situation. I am pushing for a hybrid , but not Kia/Hyundai if this is how they treat their customers. I used to have Acura and loved my MDX. Acura has EV model but I won't ever purchase Acura again due to terrible customer service re: servicing that is warranteed
Thank you guys for exposing this! I tried to work with several Hyundai dealers as nice as possible when I tried to get a Ioniq5, only to find out at the end all of them are the worst human being in the world. Now I am driving a Tesla and can't be happier
I really want an electric car, but this exact reason is why am I afraid to buy one. As far as I'm aware, in that particular car, the battery is assembled in modules.  They could have opened up the cover and see If any battery at all was damaged. Even if there was a damage, they could have replaced that single module.  The replacement cost would have not been anywhere near a 60,000. Looks like that dealership was trying to scam this guy out of a 60 grand. or that dealership is ran by complete morons. Should we really be surprised at what this dealership has done.  However, if you buy a model 3 in that case you are really SOL because the whole battery pack is a single module. Imagine driving down a highway. Running over a piece of metal puncturing coolant line and boom, your $60,000 car is a trash.  I really hope that these kind of things will be sorted out, because I really want to buy a electric car in two years.
Doesn't matter if he thought he avoided something or tried to avoid something he obviously hit something. So why is this such an issue with EVs?  It's not "a battery".... Its hundreds of small batteries linked together. If any one of them fails the you are looking at spontaneous combustion. You can't just pop it up an a hoist and replace some parts. In fact there is now legislation in the US that says if an EV is deemed to have suffered damage to the batteries you can't park it within 50 ft of another vehicle It's a nightmare.
Also Don't bottom an EV, ever
Screw electric cars
If no warning lights are on, I would NOT worry about it. The dealer is probably ripping you off !!
So,, from that damage (looks pretty mild to me) on the cover, the battery might explode 😮 ?
Yep a sucker born every minute 😂
Where will the battery of this totalled vehicle be dumped? Seems not environment friendly after all.
Brilliant video, but terrible story for Kyle. I wish you the best of luck!
The battery is not just a part to be replaced and they need trained mechanics at the dealership who can actually fix a battery (replace cells etc).  In the mean time car companies need to make EVs with higher ground clearance with a sturdier protective casing.
Thank you for this report and I truly admire your restraint. I hope every potential EV buyer, dealer, technician, media organisation, consumer advocate, politician, environment advocate, etc, reads and digests this report with impartiality.  In my opinion, the environmental and financial impact of this incident would seem to far outweigh any savings made in the initial purchase.  I really feel for Kyle and, from my experience in dealing with (Australian) dealers and manufacturers, I believe he absolutely did the right thing... for his mental health.  Consumer justice, though, may be worth another look. Like so many, I embraced EVs when they emerged but I now believe there are far, far too many questions to be answered.
Not a fan of EV. Now I’ll never be a fan. Price is ridiculous.  Repair/replacement cost more than the value of the EV. Resale value is none.
Decreasing the carbon footprint and the climate is a lie. You'll get rid of the car before any "savings" kick in.
Homie shoulda bought a Tesla
Did you really save money on gas in the long term by buying an EV?!? Nopeee. Your better off buying a supercar
That's insane, Why didn't kyle go to car Ev shop for another opinion? Almost sure is less expensive
Another reason not to buy a fully electric vehicle....this is an unacceptable cost for such a simple occurrence
Wow, this story should be worldwide headlines and should put the EV market on alert.  Shame on Hyundai.
I have been planning on having my next vehicle be an EV, but not so sure now, based on this story my next car won’t be a Hyundai. But the situation doesn’t seem great for any car manufacturer.
What a nightmare.  Sorry this happened to you Kyle.  Thanks Zack and Andrea for covering this.  I think they owe Kyle a new car or to at least pay his insurance increase for the next 10 years.
how does a battery cost more than the car the only thing that will help is bad p r against them remember the pony this is not the 1st time screwed people out of warranty is tesla listening ?
That's why I am only leasing.
This is absolutely ridiculous.  The dealership as well as Hyundai failed Kyle, who is a young customer and had faith and trust to make this major purchase.  Three's no way he should suffer through many years of doubled auto insurance costs (as well as other cost isses in his scenario).  The layers of this feels like the customer taking a 100% HIT on that car and process through and through, while the dealership, Hyundai, and the insurance company all walk away unscathed.  This story reflects a VERY POOR image on Hyundai and I cannot say that enough.  Changing the process NOW, but yet that customer STILL having financial setbacks and YEARS of higher auto insurance is awful and unacceptable (even if Kyle purchases a combustion engine vehicle).  Thanks for sharing this story, and I'll look forward to the update!
Just keep driving,  if theres no issue dont fix it.
Great expose.'. I expect that this practice is pervasive with all automakers.  This is really infuriating.  This is just another big reason why not to buy an EV.  UGH!!
THIS IS NOTHING NEW.....NOBODY/NO ONE (especially Tesla drivers) wants to hear it. It is a dumb decision to acquire an EV! Whether you are covered in warranty or not... The dealearship warranty officers job isn't to make it easy for you. The official reason is to find that there is no fault by driver and MUST be a manufacturer defect! Look at it at a different perspective like this... it is their job to find every possible way not to claim under warranty because the dealership isn't making money when warranty claims are made ;) Better have a bed ready to faint and fall on or bend over and take it. EV batteries ain't cheap. EVs are a financial hole. Forget the resale value because you might as well go naked. Before acquiring one, find out how much it costs to replace it past warranty (plus labor costs) and compare the cost to an ICE vehicle pay for gas.EV adopters... you thought you are saving money...? _NOT!That goes for hybrid vehicles too. EVs are only a money-monopoly and MONEY PIT. Governments, media and manufacturer calls them sustainable??? It is only to them - it's called profitable sustainability ;).If you have an ICE vehicle, keep it, maintain it because it'll outlast every single EV out there. EVs are simply a fad. Just wait and see that a true zero emission vehicle are FCVs & Hydrogen fueled vehicles for the masses - Toyota and Honda is pretty much on it for years. Sorry to your source to experience this. Response from Hyundai PR that "it is rare 'is unfortunately BS. The cost of the battery from the dealership is already have a "markup". Dealership stating he is liable??? He should sue because he didn't do it on purpose, he didn't invent it - The dealership is basically saying... We don't want our image tarnished and if anything goes wrong... owners fault. Regarding insurance, any insurance company is a legalized robber - you don't really get anything back. What is going to be in his record is worth an "at fault accident".All EV car manufacturers should have put in place every single contingency plan and not wait for the horror situation to arise.But good of you both to share this. I always view you the channel from start to finish
And here I am thinking Hyundai was going to give him a new car. Nope. Hyundai had the nerve to offer him an opportunity to BUY another one. You've got to be kidding me.
Electricity comes from fossil fuels, so each time you charge your EV, you are polluting the planet.
Wow. As someone who was looking to go EV, this gives me pause! I wonder if all manufacturers rip off their customers in this fashion.
LOL this reminds me of my printer ...inks worth more than the printer itself... people need to stand up....this is so unacceptable
I will never buy an EV... FFV until I am too old to drive
Unless they significanlty drop the battery replacent costs, who is going to buy of these out of warranty? This is only going to make these cars depreciate in value so much...no way would I buy one.
Never interested in an EV. Dealers are vulchers.
Ah… Yes, finally. The video about EVs I have been waiting for all this time 😂
Hydrogen may be the way to go for average environmentally conscious drivers….likely cheaper and easier to replace a hydrogen tank. No battery degradation issues, either.
Holy moly!  This is nuts.
Solution, stop buying EV cars
Wow, this is costing him double insurance rates for the next 10 years. That could be $15,000 extra.
Natural Gas and Alcohol Cars are Better!
This convinces me that evs are not worth it.  The risk is simply not worth it. Other technologies exist that can reduce emissions.  Screw that.
That's why Nio is the way to go with the ability to battery swap
Looks like the industry and consumers aren't ready for the fallout when things go into the toilet with EV's. If an engine in a car fails you might spend 10k on a new one not 60k. Maybe hybrids are a better option at this point.
Lesson: Avoid EVs!
I’m glad you raised this issue. Too many YouTubers are just shilling for companies like Apple and Tesla.
There is something very wrong with the quotes. In australia, the quote was around $16,500 plus GST.  The price seems to be a dealer markup.  It could be a case of shafting the customer as they lose out on servicing.  Also, as it was an insurance claim, the dealer ups the price.   Go to an EV Battery expert and get a second quote.
Another great video! Love you guys! Keep it up!
Ev are not green either.. do people actually know how much emissions are made to dig up all the rare Earth materials to make just one battery? Lol
If you are buying an ev thinking that you'll save money in the long run, then ur wrong. We are not yet there because of high ev parts and battery replacement costs. Still enjoying my 2017 elantra and 2023 outlander gas vehicles.
Thank you all for such detailed information on a real case happened in BC. This is very precious for all of us, good job, guys!
Just don't repair... It does not require any repair.  Just keep driving.  Never tell the dealership.  Also remember to buy high ground clearance vehicle. At least 8 inches
That does it I’m not buying no EV I’ll stick to my ICE
This really made me stop and think, the only reasonable reason to buy an EV is just to save money on gas expenses - the whole saving the environment and reducing carbon footprint is just nonsense.
Thank you for bringing this story to all viewers. This will definitely impact my decision to get a hybrid for my next vehicle.
Honda wanted $6000 to replace my honda civic hybrid 2003 battery lol I bought the car $2000. I fixed it myself by change a broken fuse.
Great to hear Hyundai is stepping in, but if battery damage assessment becomes a "corporate" function, will this mean longer wait times for resolution on warranty issues as more claims like this come up?  If I end up in a similar situation, will I have to wait weeks or months while "head office" assesses my vehicle?
Will not buy Hyundai/Kia/Genesis if they cannot communicate with dealers.
Thanks it’s pretty informative, so sad that what  kyle had to go through Ev cars are risky business to get in,one should think twice after watching this video to buy an EV car
Damn... I was going to maybe get an ev in the next 1-2 years..I think I will wait a long while before considering this.  Seems like the only way to deal with EV issues is to contact news media or social media experts to assist
This story is downright frightening.  I was never sold on the idea of these EVs as more environmentally friendly (given that you have to use dynamite and gasoline-burning heavy machinery to dig up the minerals for the battery), but this situation now only further pushes me away from ever thinking of an EV.  Given this experience, I would highly recommend this guy to go and talk to a local Subaru, Toyota or Mazda dealership about getting a fuel-efficient normal car (I am sure that a Subaru Forester or a Mazda CX-5 will be a good replacement car).  And as much as I think Hyundai and Kia cars are nicely-styled, stories like this do little to enhance the image of the brand...
why not a collision sensor     that goes  off with battery impact           tell him buy prius
Unfortunately Kyle made a rash decision in believing the stealer ship nonsense!
It seems this is an example of a bad dealer dragging the car brands reputation.
korean are worst in customer service. i had a bad experience with samsung canada .
Thank you for willing to voicing this issue. I think even if the cost is 50% or even 25%, it would still sound crazy to me. I was going to buy a hybrid Sportage, I'm not so sure now.
There is no used EV market and car companies love that
The dealership totally ripped him off...no way the battery cost 60k...they didn't even want to bother checking the battery because they are lazy ass crooks just wanting to take the easy way out and not be liable
EVs are disposable as hell 😱😱😱
Also let's stop these talks about EVs reducing emission, it's a complete lie in general sense, the process of producing these giant battery packs has nothing short of environmental damages, and currently the cost of making one battery pack for a full EV can product 50-100 hyrbid vehicles, is it greener to have 3-5% people to afford to drive EVs or is it greener to have 50% of people driving hybrids that consume 40-60% less fuel? Do the math folks.
1st. Insurance is the biggest scam in the world.  u pay all this $$$ and don't use it, u use it once and you get punished.  Insurance are thieves.  2nd.  Don't buy an Electric vehicle.
Great reporting. Very informative. That being said you need to be out of your mind to buy an electric car. The infrastructure is not in place along with so many other issues. This whole thing of the auto industry switching to EV will never work. 90% of vehicles sold are still ICE. There will eventually be alternative fuels.I hope everything works out for this guy. He deserves a lot better treatment than this. I have heard so many horror stories about EV ownership. People need to open their eyes.
I will be so glad when the electric vehicle fad stops. I will never buy an electric vehicle…lithium battery powered cars are worse for the environment than ICE engines.
You can count me out on getting a EV from any brand! The last day of sales of a gasoline car sale I will be picking one up brand new! Evs are a joke nobody has 60k to replace the battery when it's done!
I used to own two regular gas engine Hyundai vehicles. It took a back and forth session with the dealer before they finally agreed to repair the engine internal defect at 60k miles on the Elantra. I sold both autos later on and did not buy another Hyundai or Kia for that matter.
Perhaps a Sasquatch was using the underside as a back scratcher or a forklift operator shuffling cars around in the middle of the night.  Too bad he didn't just pull all the battery stuff out and make it a Flintstones mobile out of it.   Sounds like the insurance company took the evidence and now the poor guy is stuck with many years of insane payments.
Love this video. Thanks for bringing this issue up
This sounds very fishy. It sounds like any kind of scratch you might get from a rock or whatever the dealership could go ahead and say it needs a new battery.  There are so many questions was the battery still charging properly were there any lights on the dashboard saying the battery needed to be replaced etc.  i’m in South Mississippi and New Orleans and I will tell you there is road debris all over the Gulf coast highways and roads, not to mention tire,  chunk of tires, etc. so any little scratch you might get on this case might void warranty.  I can tell you after watching this video I would definitely reconsider not buying an EV. I just recently bought a new Ford Ranger and love it. I considered an ev but wasn’t sure about the battery issues.  I even looked at the Ford lightning.  And then there’s the case of the insurance I don’t blame this guy for giving up his car I think if the dealership would’ve told me the same things I probably would’ve sold it as well not wanting to be responsible for a fire in a parking garage or driveway, etc. I do not think owning an ev is going to make up for the cost of gasoline in my case I just was doing it for the environment but who wants to pay high insurance as well  I priced a Tesla model three, used and my insurance cost  doubled, that was the number one thing making me reconsider and now this you would think these large companies and corporations would have their stuff together already.  Even for my Ford Ranger I had to replace the suspension because I didn’t like it to begin with. It was too floaty and level the truck so road better, and with the price being in the middle 40s and EV used would’ve been an alternative.
NIO with battery as service is an exit from this situation...
save 2k more from fuel per year, pay 60k in battery replacement. Logic. lol
This is ridiculous. Remove the plate, inspect the batteries for ACTUAL impacts, and if they weren't touched, put a new freaking protection plate on the thing! This disposable society we're in is getting out of control. Bad enough that all the electronics that will age out of the parts bins are going to prevent long-term use ... but now a scratched belly pan voids you warranty and a single part (which is already part of an ENTIRE VEHICLE) is more than the full retail price of the ENTIRE VEHICLE??? Time to go back to some early 60s vehicles and just worry about fighting rust ...
Had a problem with my Hyundai dealership. The only way anything got done was for me  to call Hyundai Canada , who in turn called the dealer . I loved my Hyundai … until I didn’t…😢
Why would you get rid of a car that still runs fine
Dealership is scamming him. Battery isn’t damaged.Take the insurance check and keep the car, drive it for free.
EVs, vegans, all that...
Hyundai would be crazy not to step in ASAP and make Kyle whole. This vid will reach a lot of people and the egg on Hyundai's face/rep will have big downstream sales implications. Shame on Hyundai if they do not fix this problem for this young man.
It would cost only $24 for gas to get 500 KM Range in a Prius hybrid or Kia Niro hybrid both has 1kwh battery, compared to ioniq 65 kWh battery. @ $0.20 per kilowatt you’d pay $13 to fully charge. The difference is $10 between a hybrid and EV cost to operate, I could pay $2000 to replace the hybrid battery
I own an electric car but I have come to the realization that the cost to replace a EV battery is whatever the dealer wants to charge, to be frank it is a moving cost.
dealerships are always quick to void warranties to force people into paying for repairs.
EV itself is a political scammmmmmmm
So basically anytime you get into an accident you run this same risk. Personally I'll never purchase an EV. Way too many unknown facts and the cost of parts must also be high. I see lots of future issues with adopting EV's as the norm. That's my 2 cents.
I’m no expert but it seems like a massive oversight for there to be no inspection of the battery before giving such an expensive quote. Hyundai/Kia needs to have a more robust warranty for their batteries otherwise what they currently offer is worthless. Also I think the insurance companies are all to quick to write off vehicles without proper inspection. Situations like these need to be ironed out now so that the countless EV owners on the roads today aren’t getting unnecessarily screwed in the years to come.
The battery costs under $20k to make so clearly Hyundai and/or the dealer is trying to screw their customers.
Stay away from E Vs
If he had ignored the problem and not said a word then probably nobody would have been the wiser. This is the path others will take in all likelihood so beware when shopping secondhand.
Sorry Hyundai you're losing a customer and many more. You know the battery doesn't cost nowhere near that much even with your markup.
Best bet, do not buy an electric car.
Thanks, Kyle, for reaching out to Andrea and Zach. Thank you, Andrea and Zach for shedding light on this awful situation that is bound to snowball industry wide in the years to come. I'm glad you've acted as an advocate and brought your notable presence to this guys terrible experience.  What a nightmare. Best wishes Kyle!
First, love your show, and watch most of your videos.  As an engineer who spent close to 17 years with 3 automobiles manufacturers, I see different issues 1. Lots of legitimate  negative publicities  around Hyundai Kia electric vehicles, all are related to the very hight cost of replacement batteries. I guess Hyundai and Kia are shooting themselves in the foot and giving bad reputation to all electric  vehicles  2. The battery structure is very strong to withstand severe impacts without any structural damage. So the dealer telling the client that the battery will catch fire, looks to me as B..S.. talk 3. Please refer some of the videos from Munro Live (an engineer company in Michigan that did tear down of different electric vehicle drive trains and batteries (such as Hyundai, VW, Ford , Tesla, Lucid Hummer ..etc ) to better understand how the battery structure. The upper cover is removable to service the battery, the lower cover depend on the vehicle design. Don’t remember how this looks when Sandy Munro team did tear down 4. Finally after watch the CBC and CTV  news articles and your show, gives me and others second thoughts about EV
Thanks guys for the information and advice, that’s the reason I personally don’t like battery cars or hybrid, hopefully they fixes that issue to the young gentleman, and thanks to you guys, you’re the best.
This is not an EV problem but it’s a dealership problem. They need to change the law to have direct sell just like Tesla or the middle man (local dealerships) will always take advantage of the people and this kind of issues will never go away. I used to be a car salesmen btw…
I'm really feel sorry for Kyle because his clean Driving record with insurance is stain with Hyundai EV. I also notice that Hyundai Canada website doesn't include any telephone to contact HQ Customer Relation. Huyndai Canda kick it to dealer first when you choose to contact them.
OMG !  That's my car!  I live in Calgary and bought a 2022 Hyundai IONIQ5 Preferred Long Range RWD almost 2 yrs ago(Feb 2022). I'm semi-retired and have taken that car on road trips to Ontario twice and have over 30,000K on it.  Thank you for spotlighting what crappy service some Hyundai dealers provide.  I will never go back to Crowfoot Hyundai where I bought the car and the Finance bandit straight up lied to me to get another $3000 out of me for a warranty I didn't need.  That another long story that I won't get into but I exposed their lies and got some kind of restitution from them.  Nuff said on that.  I now deal with South Trail Hyundai and they are light years better in service.  I've used them a few times for software upgrades, etc and so far so good.  But in no way would I trust them or any dealer if they told me my battery needed replacing for what looks like road hazard scratches on the undercarriage.   As for the car, I love it.  Best car I've ever owned.  I researched EVs for 2 years prior to buying one and the EV6 and IONIQ5 were my top picks especially after Edmunds awarded the IONIQ5 with 2022 EV of the Year.  But looking back and knowing what I know now about the technology I wish I would have leased instead of purchasing.  The battery technology is advancing so fast that in 8 years when the 160K warranty runs out I suspect the car won't be worth anything.  I wanted to buy the Tesla Model-Y but in Canada it was another $25K more than the EV6/IONIQ5 and the minimalistic interior that Tesla has was NOT to my liking.  I do like having physical buttons for heat and media,..etc,     But one cannot argue that Tesla has far superior technology but I just don't like the UI. And their fit and finish issues are getting much better.  I will definitely buy another EV in the future and once the prices come down it will probably be a Tesla.   I just hope what happened to Kyle doesn't happen to me and if it did I would be bypassing the dealer and hounding Hyundai Canada because IMO dealers are not working in the customers interest, they only care about their bottom line.  I can't wait for the industry to adopt the online buying experience just like Tesla.  You order your car online and pick it up at a service center.  No more high pressure salesman.
I always believe the electric craze was overblown. I feel the normal next course is hybrid - jumping hybrid to rush to full electric is foolish. EV buyers must understand they are the test and it will cost them. I will stick with gas ICE vehicles have come a long way and the climate people are all overlooking this fact and scaring people into buying evs. These incidents shows people that saving a few dollars on gas today for an astronomical battery replacement costs down the road. No thanks!!!
another reason dealerships are complete ass to deal with
That slimy BS Hyundai PR spin was next level ahaha.  This is blatant intentional price gouging by Hyundai plain and simple.  I really like the Ioniq 5 and it would probably be my first choice for an EV if I was in the market for one but I will not touch ANY EV from Hyundai after this.  Hyundai shot themselves in the foot by being greedy pr!cks and now they are in damage control.  I'm sharing this video so people know exactly how Hyundai treats their EV customers.    The problem with most EV packs is they are not made to be serviceable and are permanently sealed shut so if there is any sign of an impact or damage to the shell there no easy way of knowing if the cells inside have been compromised or not.  The battery was probably fine in this case but if you park your EV in your garage and the battery goes into thermal because of damaged cell(s) your house is gone with very little warning.  Hyundai won't chance that avoidable bad PR when replacing a scuffed battery doesn't cost them anything and in fact makes them more profit than what they made selling the whole car.
EVs are not ready for prime time.  Someday?  Probably, but not now.
Such news come to confirm that BEV's are a scam. Moreover, the Hyundai/Kia are over and over confirming their unreliability. Stay away from EV's and from the brands that are not in the Top reliability or low TCO (Total Cost of Ownership). Because of good reasoning I only buy Lexus, Toyota hybrids and Mazda ICE (plus an amazing Suzuki Jimny LCV).
Interesting video. A couple of thoughts. First, what is the point of a battery protection cover which cannot protect the battery? Second, the price for the replacement battery is what the body shop pays for it from Hyundai. It isn't what it cost Hyundai to make it, or what a dealership would pay for the battery.
It's becoming more apparent that early adopters of EVs are taking a very big risk, and some of them are paying a very big price.
Stupid people learn only hard ways. Buying EV from a low quality car producer was a bad idea to begin with. I drive 2010 Prius  with 150k km milage, still its gonna last longer than a brand new chevy, Hyundai and Forfd combined 😂.
@3:24 The invoice shows a mark-up of 956%, with the list price of 6649.98 being marked up to 56,649. This seems like a significant return on investment for the dealer. If you have any concerns about the difference between the list price and the charge, you can refer to a second item, which is the labor cost.
This is really ridiculous. I am not sure how tesla deal with these battery issues. I do have model 3. With these issues i will be hesitant to buy another EV.
Great video. Not buying Ioniq any more unless they put 10 year battery warranty.
Char electrique char électriques cest pas pratique mais au moin cest cher 😂😂
Was there manufacturer warranty on battery? If yes, if it is under normal use, it should be warranted. Otherwise, simply avoid Hyundai!
So if I go and do suv things off road in the upcoming Ioniq7 and ding the battery cover… it’s a total loss?
Sounds like the dealer was playing it grossly safe with their repair recommendation at best. Would love to know exactly which dealer this was.
There is nothing cheap about owning an EV. The infrastructure is a mess and is far from the norm. It will be at least 10 years or more until they start to become more mainstream.
Buy a TESLA....
That is ridiculous. Obviously it's nowhere near that price to make it. Even with approximate price of today's cost of approximately $160 per kilowatt. Would be $10,000 to $13000 so even with markup should be no where near that price.
There is a listen here for all of us , petty up interior, and big screens does not make a car good. Tesla interior might not be of high quality, but their batteries have been reliable
So basically…if you buy a battery…you get a free car attached to it 😂
Thank you so much for making this and spreading awareness. Kudos to you folks!
My 2 cents: 1. Hyundai technology: one year old car needing battery replacement for scratches to battery protective cover. Sounds like issues with R&D… 2. Battery price: cost of battery more than cost of new car. All savings made by switching to EV goes out of the window by this ridiculous battery cost 3. Local Hyundai dealership: they lacked training and customer care skills to focus on customer needs. Does not sound like a long term customer retention strategy 4. Hyundai relationship with dealers: obviously Hyundai lacks processes to deal with dealerships and customers. Customers should not contact Head-Office for issues like that.
Maybe brains of mechanic has to be replaced?
Thanks, nice topic. Yes sometimes leaderships are simply stupid but I think this time there is a serious risk with the battery starting a severe fire so is a liability issue. There could be damages but also injuries. I also think that the car makers subsidize the original battery which explains the shocking cost for the replacement. Not so sure why the insurance company penalizes the driver! It wasn't an accident but a collision with debris on the road. Insurance companies should increase the price for all electric cars to account for this type of risks. Penalizing this driver specifically is not fair in my opinion.
It's like Scotty Kilmer says "Don't buy Hyundai and Kia, there're junk!" Always listen to the honest mechanics like Scotty.
Unfortunately, as with most climate initiatives, the solution not only costs way more but also has more negative impacts than benefits. EVs have no tailpipe emissions, but viewed in context are not worth their cost, environmentally or financially. What a waste with this guys car.
Welp, I'm not getting an EV for the next 15 years.
EVs are simply not built at competitive prices let alone getting replacement batteries. You buy a warranty but realize it's worth less. Scam.
So, if you hit the button of an AV on a bump the car it is declare scrape !?
Oh boy, no Christmas card this year from Hyundai for the Spencer’s.
Sadly all you can't stop a car battery fire. This is the dangerous part of EV vehicles. The dealership  doesn't want to take a look at it because to inspect this you need to be in an open space with nothing around in a 50 feet radius. And even so if there is anything that happen during the intervention who's going to be responsible if the mechanic is injured and the car take fire. Who's taking the blame? There is a lot of EV flooded EV car stranded in field in Florida for the same reason. It could explode at any moment but nobody want and will take the risk. Look how many boat took fire and sink because of EV fire. Lawmaker should start to work really hard on that matter before it's too late.
So glad I watched this video. I’ve been out there looking for maybe a brand new ET Ron or I’m not gonna buy electric cars anymore it’s not gonna happen.
Dealerships are thieves. More news at 11!
Real dick move for the dealership to warn that his EV “might explode” and then broadcasted that his EV was a public hazard!   Not only does this speak to the paranoia of EV manufacturers, but it gives EV dealerships tremendous leverage to gouge and screw over their customers by threatening to snitch on them to their insurers if they don’t purchase their “recommended service” packages! This is VERY SERIOUS! The poor guy!
Not all brands are charging over 50 thousands to replace a battery, Hyundai is the only we have heard charging these prices.
That equation is exactly why I will never own an EV. Every EV on the road will face this in the end sooner or later.
For me personally after watching this, it will be one more reason why  not to buy an EV,  in the near future at least.
What is going to happen with this people are gonna watch these videos and when they see how much this battery cost they’re not gonna buy these electric cars they’re gonna go down in the next year or two you’re gonna see guaranteed
Didn’t see in the comments but, my thought is that Hyundai contacts Kyle’s insurer covers the claim & gets the car back so their techs/ engineers might do evaluation of the car for future incidents. This way Kyle’s good name is cleared & Hyundai may keep a young customer long term. My thoughts 😏
This is a very unfortunate and extraordinary event that was obviously ill handled. 14 million EVs were sold last year and if the replacement battery experience were as demonstrated here the statistics would bear this out and likely the EV industry brought to a halt. There are many instances of battery replacements that run contrary to this extreme case. Having said that the advice of learning potential costs and warranty/liability possibilities is wise. Its also not the right signal to send that all EV battery replacement challenges will follow this extraordinary example. One "case study" is not a substantial data set. Many reports have been published reviewing a broader cross section of EV battery replacement history. This case had quite a few twists and turns that demonstrate the failed process. Bummer though!
What is the battery protector made of?
Thats why I think EVs are a scam. Not environment-friendly to dump a 60k worth of resources.
This is shocking. Imagine buying an ev to save money and then finding out a minor damage makes it worthless. What a piece of junk. 0 sustainability
just buy toyota ...
All.the people being overdramatic about the end of Evs is ridiculous.   Sounds like the dealer didn't escalate  properly and handled it poorly.
I'm really sorry to hear about Kyle's situation. That's a tough one. The good news is that EVs are definitely NOT better for the environment in any way, and buying and ICE vehicle isn't only more reliable, it's probably better for the environment and cheaper to own as well.   Thank god for fossil fuels!!!
I like to maintain and drive my cars for 20 years, i guess an ev is not for me
My question is - was there any problem with the battery in the first place ? Trouble codes etc. I would just drive the car since it was only the cover that was damagedl. This doesn't make any sense! sounds like a dealer rip off to me - just my opinion.
I can't understand how a scratch on a protection cover which is there to protect the battery would void the warranty. Get under any car that's been down the road a few miles there are going to be some scratches and marks underneath from things that come up from the road especially salt, twigs,sticks, and stones, these are natural occurrences so how could they void a warranty. All I can say is shame on you Hyundai I think voiding this kids warranty is inexcusable. It would definitely turn me away from ever buying a Hyundai no matter how nice they are. That would be a dealbreaker.
Several issues at play here the first of which is the dealer who was clearly unprepared to make a definitive assessment of actual damage to the battery and simply covered their butt by declaring it "damaged".  The wobbly warranty that renders the battery warranty void due to damage is nearly criminal.  And the ridiculous price of the replacement battery is the cherry on the top.  We know the battery price is nowhere near what is being asked here but is being heavily weighted by the dealer involvement.  Which is the profound case for the superior sales/distribution method exclusively employed by Tesla.  Full disclosure - I am a Yank but this problem is obviously not limited to Canada.  I am not an EV owner but plan to be one and the Ioniq 5 was high on my list but this experience confirms one of my concerns with the profound weaknesses inherent in the dealership model.  Good luck to Kyle.
As someone who has owned THREE Hyundai's in the past, I am not surprised by the runaround and dealership nonsense that he went through. My first Hyundai was great back from 2006's to around 2014, but my second and 3rd were disastrously bad. 2nd and 3rd were both lemons (same vehicle type) and it was an absolute nightmare 'working' with the dealership and Hyundai Canada directly. After that, I vowed to NEVER own a Hyundai vehicle again and not so much because of the vehicles being lemons, but because my experience dealing with Hyundai dealers and Hyundai Canada.  So this story/situation of his doesn't surprise me at all. There is a reason Hyundai doesn't have brand loyalty. I've never buy one again.
Great reporting though. Hyundai has always had problems with the battery. I had a battery fail on my tesla and tesla replaced it under warranty. I did have scratches on thr cover but at no time did tesla say the warranty is void. These dealership model has to go asap and deal with the manufacturer.
Don’t buy an electric vehicle for 10 years  till they work this out - in 5 years there will be a ton of worthless EV on market
Gas, gas, gas!!!!!! I bet he’s not thinking a whole lot about “melting icebergs” and pollution these days…
Was deciding for an ioniq 5..OMG..u guys saved me from a disaster...no more..will stick to a simple ice engine car..
No way im bying a ev if in 7 years i have to pay 50k + to replace
Ev have not work there promblems out so buyer beware
If he’s still “debating” on another EV, he owes it to himself to go ahead and get another one so he can REALLY learn his lesson… 🤦🏼‍♂️
Zack's recommendation: buy a RAV4 Hybrid!
Unbelievable
you buy garbage you receive garage buy yourself a Honda or Toyota Hybrid end of story , or just wait when the 2 heavyweights go full electric
Who knows that dealership themselves had widened that battery protection valve which is round in shape
Thanks, guys. I'm glad that I subscribed to your channel .
I thought replacing a Tesla battery set was in the $6,000 range.
Was there actually anything wrong with the car?
Thanks for sharing this issue. As the saying goes, buyers beware!
This is a Hyundai Dealer/Canada problem not really a EV problem, they have no clue how to fix or diagnose these new EV.  They still get the 12V battery confused with my HVB LOL at my local place here. Same at Ford, when I bring in my Hybrid in they don't even know where the 12V battery is.
This is the future of EV’s.
This is the second incident with this same car and it battery,
Great video! Thanks got sharing
That’s bonkers!  But I’ve found a solution…  Hellcat Crate Engine 6.2L Supercharged 707hp Dodge Challenger $17,925.00 USD
I feel very bad for Kyle he just got put over a barrel. I don't understand how he can have a brand new car written off from under him and now he is out of a vehicle. And to add insult to injury he's being punished with extreme insurance rates? Here in the US a good lawyer would take Hyundai and the dealership and the insurance all to court, Kyle is being victimized by all three of them and didn't deserve what happened to him and his BRAND NEW car. Voiding the warranty sounds like a huge fraud to me, I guess Canada just lets companies rip off consumers like that. Bottom line is I'll NEVER by a Hyundai after seeing this. NEVER. And I won't be buying any EV or Hybrid now, so Toyota just lost a sale on a RAV4 Prime!
This is what happens when you have socialized insurance. Premium doubles for 10 years and no free marketplace where you can get more reasonable quotes. And I won't even get started on the folly of buying an EV.
Well, that did it for me, I will not be buying a Hybrid or EV going forward.  This has put to bed my interest in owning one.  First you have range anxiety, then potential fires,  and now this?  Nope.  I'll keep on buying ICE vehicles for the foreseeable future.  Thank you for this great video, and thank you Kyle for sharing your experience with us.
And that, ladies, gentlemen and in between, is the reason I’ll never buy an EV
Did I hear you correctly that nobody unscrewed 10 or so small bolts to remove the battery skid plate and actually inspect the battery for any damage whatsoever? The young man should get a good layer, hell, even a bad one could win a fraud case on this. The skid plate was obviously poorly engineered if those scratches caused any damage at all, and as an old off roader I can tell you how little of a skid plate it would have taken.
Like they say batteries are for flashlights
The key here to me is what they both pointed out. It is pretty hard to deny the price of the Battery when it is shown with a part number. Who wants to take a wild guess at how many Phone calls and dealership visits are going to be made over the next few days asking for a quote to replace the battery of their new EV. I know one who will be making the call. Thank you both and thank you to Kyle for this info.
BUY NIO
I don't trust Hyundai/Kia and its more than this one incident that has made me feel that way.
Electric cars are absurd. The world is not burning. CO2 is good. ICE is good. Too many people have an anal-cranial inversion.
Doubt you’d get that bill with an established ev manufacturer like tesla. Still super expensive but not crazy rediculous ($40k+). Hyundai is not making profit w EVs but Tesla is, so we know Tesla’s batteries are only a small part of the total cost of the vehicle. Think range is still $8-10k w a model 3/y
EV is a scam, period.
I was really not aware that a battery's warranty could be void because of a situation like that. It make me change my mind about buying an ev. At sure i'll be waiting a decade before doing this move. It is too new and we only begin to hear about problems with evs. For now if you listen to youtube channels about evs you can learn about a spread of problems from littles to bigs. EVS are not the promise nirvana. I think that they'll have probles as same as ices ones. Thanks for this very educative video.😉
Stay away from Evs
One can only imagine the insane insurance rates on skateboard design EV models.   I had an aluminum skid plate on my generation 1 Honda Insight smashed by an Armadillo.  Thankfully the vehicle was not totaled like “modern“ Electric Vehicles.
Lesson learned....buy cars directly from the manufacturer.  Avoid the dealership.
He should have lawyered up bad faith, denied warranty and sued the manufacturer and the dealer
So any kind of small impact can cause your brand new vehicle to be scrapped? Not really a good situation .. My view on EV's is not getting any better. Thanks for the info.
Looks like a dealership issue to me.
I spend less money operating three V8s  Hyundai should be giving this guy a new car and paying him the differenve in his insurance costs because it is Hyundai who is at fault.
Simply don’t buy EV’s they are a scam 😂
The elephant on the wall is why is hyundai quoting 60000 for a battery? How much was the cost of the battery when they could build entire car and sell for a profit to dealer to sell for more profit to the customer. Going by  thier logic i guess the  car must be worth a milliom dollars to build
Good thing I got rid of mine's, traded my 2022 for a tesla model 3.
I drove a tow truck briefly. I won’t be purchasing a Kia/Hyundai anything,
Wow!  Do I want to buy an EV knowing it will turn into a paper weight if I scratch the bottom of the car? NO!!!!!!  And this is the second third story of battery replacement nightmares for EVs that are either small collisions or battery degredation on cars less than 2 years old.
Well, I'm really thinking about just keeping my gas engine or MAYBE go hybrid... EVs are too new not only for infrastructure but now for batteries issues and warranties, forget it, I'm sticking to gas engines for as long as I can.
Thank you for sharing this story. It’s educational regarding EV technology. I have a hybrid Hyundai Sonata. Had issues with the battery and mention the issue to my dealership which I purchased the car from and continue to go for all my cars service requirements. Service department person, did mention my concerns with the battery when it was under warranty still. Long story short, when the battery dead, out of warranty! Lougheed Hyundai Dealership went to Hyundai Canada and fought for me! Hyundai Canada covered my claim and replaced the battery. Thanks again
Sounds like the dealership failed the customer big time. The dealer _should_ have contacted Hyundai for advice, rather than following the default of replacing parts/quoting parts replacement. On the other hand, I think the customer should have contacted Hyundai directly too (I would have in the same situation). On a similar-ish note, back in 2019 here in Australia, the owner of a 2012 Leaf was quoted AU$33,000 for a new battery. Of course, the owner kicked up a stink, which lead to Nissan introducing a 'battery swap program' dropping the price to under $10,000. Unfortunately, consumers need to fight for fair pricing from dealers &/or manufacturers.
Consider everything when buying any new vehicle. This is the future regardless. Not the cost to replace but EVs. Governments aren’t going backwards, like it or not.
So did Kyle buy another ev or did he go back to good old fashioned tried and true ice?
This is why I purchased a ICE.  This is just the tip of the iceberg… I see high insurance rates for EV, depreciation of 70% in five years.. etc etc.
People are dumb enough to buy electric cars without checking what the battery replacement cost is.  I was thinking of trading my 2010 mint S4 for a slower etron which is 2000 pounds heavier with less power and I looke online that the battery is 37k US which is about 50kcdn so it is like a disposable cell phone.  And this daily driver has the original battery and even the the wipers are original.  I keep my other cars for the weekend.
Thank you for taking this on. We need people like you.
Think of the carbon footprint of this incident!
Electric cars have a bigger foot print then ice.
Thanks for shared story. I feel like my next car is not EV yet. New tech means less shop to fix, more cost to replace parts
Why in the f#$% would I buy another one!!
im not suprised if ppl are cancelling their ioniq5/ev6 orders. i've inquired about the car last year and they wanted me to pay ~80k for a "demo" ev6, such shady tactic. now they are calling me back telling me they have cars available on the lot and I only need to pay MSRP. I told em to f off.
I don't think this has anything to do with EVs so I don't know why anyone would be questioning buying one. This whole fiasco can be described with one word - Integrity. The dealer had no information to validate the damage so they blamed the customer. Hyundai blames the dealer and then offers to change their "processes" - as if that helps anyone! The insurance company baselessly writes off the car, hides the evidence and punishes their client by jacking up their  insurance costs for 10 years.  So Hyundai and the dealer made the profit on the car, the insurance company makes their profit on the insurance and Kyle is stuck holding the bag. My Dad used to say "Its not the what, it's the how".  Hyundai, the dealer and ICBC should be ashamed of "how" they handled this. Give this one to W5 and watch how fast Hyundai delivers Kyle a free new car.
trade in
Bottom line, Hyundai is terrible with warranty claims and always has been. Your motor burns up on your ICE vehicle,  maybe you will get the engine replaced or maybe not. Now your battery "cover" gets a dent and the dealerships give terrible advice and Hyundai offers to sell you another car...this kid should sue the dealership and Hyundai.
A quick search in US shows a remanufactured battery available from Hyundai for about $7k msrp.   This is a dealership issue not a hyundai problem in my opinion.  My Hyundai salesman even commented that EV buyers often know more about the car than the sales people do.
This does makes the Kia/Hyundai 100,000 mile warranty feel completely empty, even for gas only vehicles.
I hope Kyle has a modicum of  common sense  and doesn't buy another Hyundai period.   Get a plug in hybrid Toyota (or PHEV Lexus, they're both fully sorted)  Although, his catalytic converter might be targeted.   Hyundai effectively voided your warranty for a routine road obstruction impact.  That is obscene. Any requests for the full battery pack part should be immediately red flagged and investigated by corporate.   The dealership behavior is reprehensible and, sadly, exactly what I expect from a dealership.
The battery was probably fine; you should have just continued to drive it.
Hyundai, “Wah”
I'm glad Kyles' story made it into publics eye. There are many cases like his that happen quite often and big corporations just take advantage of these hard working people.
Of course the battery warranty would be voided if he hit a road hazard, why wouldn't it? 🤔
WOW what a disappointing experience.  Absolute turn off from Hyundai and they need to take the blame.  They set the replacement price not the dealer.
People stop buying electric cars, infrastructure is not there... Mileage is not there... Definitely not the cost.... Ford has stopped or put on hold their electric vehicle assembly line.. FJB
This is reaaon to stick to a hybrid or gas only vehicle. No more electric or plug in vehicles. They are way too expensive.
Hyundai/Kia have a chronic reputation problem. Theta engines, Kia Boys, constantly trying to weasel out of their vaunted warranty. Now it’s a ridiculous price on an EV replacement battery that costs more than buying the same EV brand new.
People are buying EVs good luck lol. Everyone is jumping on this stupid bandwagon.
This video and story is both heartbreaking for Kyle and also a fantastic PSA. Thank you for sharing this!
This is why you can’t buy a used E V , the new ones are not selling like they want. So your trade in value will be low .
What is wrong with the ladies face?
Perhaps the process is easier with established EV companies like Tesla. I’m sure it would have been better diagnosed. Regardless, not all EV manufacturers are equal, and we know how Hyundai/Kia is with warranties. Hope this brings more light and holds them accountable. Crazy.
This whole situation is absurd!  What a ripoff!  WTF Hyundai/Kia?  The warranty is voided?  A service part battery replacement pack is more expensive that the original MSRP of the car itself?  No way would I now ever buy any Hyundai/Kia (EV or not).  The Hyundai Dealership didn't do anything to try to help THEIR customer, they just attempted to totally fleece this poor guy.  What a black eye for Hyundai/Kia!  They're off my shopping list.
EV is the scam of the century.
It means battery covers the total cost of vehicle  What about other components and body
Thank you folks for bringing this to our attention. This is shocking to say the least, and I am very disappointed at how all of this was handled. How can anyone justify the price of that replacement battery!?!? Shady deal!
If any damage to the EV battery pack,  the liability is dealing with battery explosion at any time.  EV owner - holly sht 😀
Hyundai iz #1 in this area. Hyundai Warranty is a lie.
Achilles heel of the EV and hybrid world. You will always look at this sort of cost at some point. I'll stay ICE thanks.
Congradulations, you have discovered part of the elephant in the EV room!  The EV propulsion battery is a HEAVY massive part and does not take kindly to sudden jolts and direction and speed changes (let alone a crash into another vehicle or fixed object).  There can be hidden damage that can show right away OR ANYTIME LATER IN IT'S LIFE.   And we have not even mentioned the very real fire danger!
Balanced and fair, looking forward to the follow-up.
you should ask to see the damage
Thanks for reporting this. I had considered buying a Hyundai hybrid in the past and I'm glad i didnt. I've been considering getting a hybrid/EV but this has given me something to think about and a brand I should avoid.
they cannot prove the battery is damaged wtf
how is this a very rare scenario? you so much as scratch the battery protective case, you wreck your entire car. The only way to avoid this cr@p is to keep it in your garage and never ever drive it on public roads.
After seeing these kind of stories, I’m happy with my gas car. The more parts involved in a car, the more problems to worry about.
The estimate shows that the battery list price is $6649.98, how does this become $56649.98. on the total? There is only one battery.
I almost leased an Ionic 5 earlier this year & had one coming in through a preorder, but I didn't because of the way Hyundai treated me & I was a returing customer too. Why is it that when companies start to generate profits, they become uber-greedy and start to shaft the customer? ICBC is no better by being completely useless when it matters & everyone who has had to deal with them knows this already.  You would think all it would take is a simple battery test & visual inspection to see that the batteries are ok & still functioning normally. Hyundai is just hiding behind policy instead of helping the customer & then kicking him while he's down by trying to sell him a new car! That's just insulting. This situation is so frustrating to hear about because it's an example of a person trying to be a part of the solution by driving an EV & then getting shafted by the company & ICBC when something goes wrong.  Unfortunately, this also highlights the dark side of EV's right now. I won't buy or lease an EV before costs come down & there's better public charging infrastructure. I'm willing to bet that his battery was perfectly fine & as Zach said, that's what a protection cover is for. Kyle, my dude, thanks for coming forward and sharing your story & of course big thanks to Zach & Andrea for advocating for Kyle, you guys are doing good work.👍  My advice for Kyle: Get a hybrid until EV prices come down & the rules become a bit more fair & sue the dealership/company if you can, definitely seek legal advice.
Stay away from Koreans brands
how much insurance premium was?
Attention Hyundai!....You better do right with this and make it good regardless with what it costs you!  It's going to cost you more with all the bad publicity!
The cost to replace the battery in a Solterra and by extension the AWD BZ4X is $45,000. You read that correctly. No way, anyone will buy EVs if this is the norm
Just say no to EV vehicles .  Insurance on EV vehicles are much higher then equally valued gas powered vehicles. Consumer  beware and it  is great that you guys brought this painful real world experience to light to your subscribers.
Wild prediction: Kyle will not get another Hyundai... ever.
How sensitive are these batteries if with minimally detectable impact it can explode?
Keep drinking the Kool-aid....how much energy and raw material does it take to mine the lithium that goes into the battery? How much more rubber is consumed by vehicles that are much heavier? How much hydrocarbons are used to generate the electricity to charge the battery? In Canada, the average % of electricity produced from non-renewable sources is over 40%. Multiply that by charging efficiencies less than 90% and that modifies that percentage higher. Yeah, better for the environment? Nope
i would think if the battery was damaged it would set a cel
So many thoughts!  Is it typical for insurance companies to increase the cost of coverage after just one incident?   Was there even an incident?  Is the amount of the increase based on the cost of the claim?    I LOVE that you chose to showcase this story. We seem to be seeing more BEV battery stories. I can’t fathom how vexed I would be if I had to replace the battery in my car this early in the ownership experience.    Is the battery “protection” cover a protection cover if it doesn’t keep the battery from being ruined in such a minor incident?  Shouldn’t something so delicate be MUCH better protected?    This video (attached) is a different kind of BEV story but one I’m sure will give certain users pause as to whether or not a BEV is right for them.    I’ll be following this story through the channel.    Thanks for sharing 👍
So if a bad or distracted driver goes over a high curb in a parking lot in an EV it may be totaled. Sounds great for the environment. 🤡🌎
I personally had issues with a brand new 2023 Hyundai Ioniq 5 AWD Long range (the top trim), we have 2 EV's, this one was going to be our road tripper as it charges excellently. I took delivery last Oct 2022, 2 weeks later I decided to try the fast DC charging, it failed, turned out I had a defect in the DC charging system, the normal level 2 charging worked, but this eliminated the car from our road tripper. 5 service calls later (at the same dealer) and 5 ferry trips from the Sunshine Coast to North Vancouver (at our expense), and multiple replacement parts of which none repaired the problem, I decided to try another dealer. They found the problem was a bent pin in the temperature sensor connector wire harness to the  CCS module was causing the module to fail. That was found within 30 minutes of taking it to the new dealer in Richmond. They were awesome they had the module on hand, replaced the connector and module and within 2 hour I was on the road with a fully functioning fast DC charger system. After that experience I decided to sell the car and buy a Tesla as they only make EV's and their repair network would not be so lame in repairing charging or battery issues. The legacy auto companies will eventually get to a point were they will be proficient in servicing EV issues on their cars, but I would say not every dealer can at the moment. And yes my 2023 Tesla Model Y AWD long range totally makes a great road tripper especially the Tesla reliable Supercharger network!
EVs just plain suck all around at this point and it's a marketing scam where car companies are hoping to profit over the hype.  The technology and infrastructure is not mature enough to replace combustion transportation.  Period!
thats why buy a high ground clearance ev! 3:)
You can get private party battery packs for a quarter of the price. Definitely call the corporate office multiple times and escalate the case. Use social media to update and document problems.
Hyundai is going to learn real fast that they need to decide how they want to dance.  They are all over the map about this.  Hyundai told the owner that the battery could explode at any time after being hit.  The "shield" is scratched.  Why scare the pants off the owner?  Thank you for sharing this story.  My wife sent me a previous article about this "accident".  She used to own a Physio clinic.  She is retired now.  She found ICBC very difficult to work with.  It is "their way or take a hike".  Government auto insurance is a mixed bag.  Saskatchewan government insurance has developed a pretty good reputation.  However their population is only slightly over a million.  BC is mainly concentrated around Vancouver.  So you see, there is more than just an EV story here.
should have bought the tesla
What I don't understand is that the invoice shows an order with Quantity 1 for Battery and Labour .. List is 6649.98 / 1599.50 .. Net is 6649.98 / 1599.50 .. and at the Amount column on the far right the battery suddenly shows as 56,649.98 while the labour still shows as 1,599.50.  The battery price jumped 8.5X the List/Net amounts.  Why??  Was this simply a billing mistake?
save the Planet 😂
Great video and thanks for the warning! We've been trying to decide whether to order a new BEV, PHEV or regular hybrid, and I was leaning towards the Ioniq 5. Not any more! And given Hyundai's problems with their IC engines, their hybrids are out of the question too. Now I'm thinking Toyota hybrid (possibly PHEV) first, then wait a couple of years before choosing an EV for our second new (and hopefully most used) vehicle.
It's good to make consumers aware of this. Thank you for sharing. It seems unjustifiable that the replacement battery costs $56k. The entire car when new cost about that, which included the battery. So it sounds like Hyundai is putting a massive markup on replacement batteries. They really need to explain that. I feel really bad for this guy. He's financially screwed no matter what he does in this situation. This is a good lesson to learn about being an early adopter of new technology. It doesn't come cheaply.
This has convinced me to never buy on EV, PHEV or a hybrid
The real problem is that I hear these type of stories on the news or on YouTube from time to time, all of them egregious. When the 'Bright Lights' are shined on these stories they seem to get some kind of relief from the manufacturer or the dealership out of embarrassment. But how many thousands of people do not follow through to news media, and pay all the money for replacement, or total their car? There has got to be a more concise and fair way of handling these battery issues that is fair to everyone.🤔
Advice is to buy a second hand gas guzzler instead of the brand new shiny EV!
OMG 😆 Well, likes are likes 😄, the design is good but is to small for this high price of a battery, 🤔 probably better, well Hyundai build big ship's, . Thanks for share 🙏🏼
Never trust a dealership. Always escalate with them. Almost certain that dealership wouldn't have had a trained EV mechanic, nor any of the equipment for testing.  Its just bad practices. I like how everyone who would never buy an EV likes to say how they would never buy an EV.
Wow, I can't afford to save that much money on gas. I could buy 2 fuel efficient cars for the cost of that one, and no amount of damage would ever cost that much. This is not the first time that EV batteries somehow cost more than the car.
😅
Dealers ruin everything about cars. From sales to the maintenance. They are always breaking stuff now to make more money. Make up bogus maintenance to make car owners spend more. Why is a cabin filter replacement cost close to $100?
THAT INVOICE IS  W R O N G !!   The battery cost $6,649,  NOT $56,649.  This is ridiculous.  Someone put a 5 in the total column in front of the actual price of $6649.  This is stupid. Seriously.  Hyundai Canada is just covering for the dealer's dumb mistake in printing the invoice.   Look at LINE 2..  List, Net and then total..  Line one was incorrectly completed.  Maybe the dealer didn't want to mess with a battery replacement and deliberately falsified the invoice.  In any case, the invoice is wrong. No way the part alone cost that much regardless of all the lame explanations.
How does this work in a cold/snowy climate? Hazardous potholes, accidents, cold weather, damage from bad car washes. I question hybrids so a EV will never happen for me here in Minnesota.
The cost of ev battery out weight the cost of the car. Doesnt make any sense at all. This story makes me more to stay away from ev for now.
NO!  Not Dealership, STEALERSHIPS!  Should have bought a Tesla!
No thanks, Hyundai EV.
Kyle is not that smart. Why would you write it off through an insurance where nothing is wrong with it but the skid plate?
In hindsight I'm happy that my Audi dealer and Audi Canada has taken care of my older A3 e-tron and HV battery warranty.
Kyle should just drive the car as is if there is no problems instead of going through all these issues. I bet the battery isn’t even damaged.
Thanks for covering this important issue Motormouth team! Consumers need to know this information.
We are being sold a bill of goods about electrics when supoosedly battery replacements are "only" $6-10k....  FYI, carbin footprints are not reduced overall by buying electric when you consider factory to landfill of car. When you consider that a year old otherwise perfectly good car might be 'totaled' the carbon problem is expontially worse than ICE.
I have a 2023 Hyundai Elantra almost one year with the vehicle. I have with door passenger alignment and rear door too. I always go to the dealer to fix situation but they always give me excuses for fix the two passenger and rear door of the Left side. I'm still waiting for the answer
Biggest problem I see is that they’re charging 60k for a battery. That’s insane. Also, don’t claim part of a car is damaged without even inspecting it. Very shady.
Wow the experience that he had is making me not too enthusiatic about purchasing an EV at least not anytime soon if just road debris can void your battery warranty.
I have zero interest in getting an EV because of the cost to replace batteries and electric motors. If you want efficiency and reliability get a Toyota hybrid!
Just more proof that EV's are the future until they're not.
It would be interesting to know how other EV manufacturers would handle a situation like this. Why does a  BATTERY COVER not protect the battery? A sad and interesting ( EDUCATIONAL ) story guys..
What is hard to understand?  He hit something so it’s NOT a warranty item. Period.  It’s between his insurance company and him.   Sucks what happened but battery or engine, he hit something.  Not sure if Canada has GAP but this would have lessened the pain.
ICBC will do what ICBC does which is look after itself. Kia/Hyundai will do the same. Dealership will do the same. Moral of the story is LEASE (as in do not ever buy) an EV for 3 years, always purchase GAP insurance for those 3 years and if it ain't broken, don't fix it. Treat it like a 60k cell phone. Or just buy a cheaper cell phone. Both will make and receive calls and get you from A to B.
I’d like Zach and Andrea giving me all of my news, not just for car stuff. I really appreciate the way they followed this from start to finish.
This single story basically killed Hyundai EV business
Whoever bought one of these cars should return it to the dealer where they bought it from, because they got robbed blind!
Hyundai and kia do not make reliable vehicles so this does not surprise me .
you guys are the best. I had no idea about this issue since I don't follow the main stream media news. It's clear to me, now,  that this  dealer didn't care about customer satisfaction and they are in the bussiness of screwing people off. Hyundai Canada coming in with a cheap discount to the poor dude. You can see his warm heart, innocence and  kindness. Bottom line, this EV sell off it's just money grab from the innocent people. I never liked the idea of EV but now with your video, I would never ever put a dime in these products. I would stick with the old thermic engines, and just let it ride. Great content and fantastic reporting! You should do more of these investigation stories. My favorite 2 auto detectives. Cheers!
Yet another strong reason to avoid buying a full electric vehicle at this time... as well as to avoid a Hyundai product. Horrible dealer & manufacturer customer service. Absolutely inexcusable.
Thank you for reporting on this matter. This is a risk I would not have anticipated. It is fair to say that this type of road hazard will be present for all Canadian drivers. I am a bit surprised about how the matter was treated by the insurance provider. It doesn’t seem reasonable to reassess Kyle as a high risk operator and double his coverage cost for the next ten years.
Thanks to both of you for helping this one person. Remember there are many who never get the attention and simply have no choice but to suck it up.
I agree with Andrea. I'm sure Hyundai is not the only brand with disappointments. I was in the market for an EV, but I was hesitant. I stuck to ICE. After hearing similar stories on these batteries being the major cost of any EV, new or old, I'm gonna continue to wait. The anxiety may not just be range but bankruptcy as well. Great content Motormouth. You are a great source of information.
This is terrible. So glad you guys are using your platform and pull to help Kyle. The push to EVs is obviously and extremely premature.   But in the case of the Korean twins, they are pushing the hardest with all of these new BEV models. You would think they thought through all of these things. What else have they cut corners on. Smh.  And I’m sorry, there is no way the battery pack costs $60k. If that were the case they WOULD NOT be selling these cars. Even at $20k it wouldn’t be feasible to make a profit on these cars. Someone is being extremely greedy.
I read about this story in CityNews Vancouver literally moments before discovering your video about it here! Thanks for escalating the journalism about this worrying situation - worrying to all potential and existing EV customers.
“Bernie Madoff “ owns that Hyundai Dealership?🤔
Absolutely disgraceful from Hyundai, and the dealership.
Smh, the mechanics at the dealership were to LAZY to pull off a cover to verify if the battery pack itself showed any sign of impact. That right there just goes to show how the consumer belief nowadays is that mechanics are no longer repair persons, they are simply “parts replacement” persons because at the end of the day it is ALL about the upsell for bigger margins. It IS the modern business model. Thus, cars are now designed to prevent the backyard mechanic from self repairing in a gas powered vehicle. I can only imagine how much worse that is with electric and EV’s.
I wonder if the specific situation is in the USA as well.
To many things dont add up. Also scary to know a supposably 60,000 dollar battery is only protected by a thin cheap plastic cover. Unreal! Poor Kyle.
Ridiculous!  There's almost certainly nothing wrong with the battery.  They're just too lazy to verify it.
Excellent video as always, you guys! Poor Kyle, I feel for him.  I’m an old guy, and honestly, I just don’t understand this rush to go to EV and/or hybrid vehicles. I get to save the environment, I get fuel cost, I get all of those things, but let’s face it cars today and trucks for that matter are so much more fuel efficient than they were back when I first started driving in the 80s. I think of the very first car I owned a 1978 Chevrolet Monte Carlo with a big Honkin V8 in it, that used leaded fuel, lol.  I realize I’m probably being somewhat hyperbolic, but the reality is, and your channel validates this, consumers are buying big honking, SUVs, and great big cars and trucks to haul their family, or stuff around. It’s just ridiculous!  If we want to make the world, a safer, cleaner, and more environmentally, friendly place, let’s build  more little Honda Civic hatchbacks like we used to do back in the day. That’s all anybody really needs. All these soccer moms that I see at my local school, dropping kids off and picking kids up every day in giant pick up trucks and SUV and sitting for 10 or 15 minutes with their engines idling makes me laugh.   No one seems too concerned about the environment when they’re making the school run, lol.  Electric vehicles will probably get there someday, and there will be teething problems. However, at this point, I just don’t think enough analysis has really been done to the cause and effect of the switch to consumers, and to the environment.  What is the cost going to be to bring more Hydro electricity plants online, where is that power going to come from?  What’s the economic impact going to be to consumers, employers, and companies as we move from fossil fuels to electricity. How many thousands or even millions of people may potentially be out of work? What impact does that have to the global economy? How does that affect the environment?  Anyway, sorry for the rant, you guys are amazing, love the channel!
Thank you Andrea, Zach and Kyle for sharing this story for us all - kudos! Really hope Hyundai does right by Kyle and quickly!!
Even on a Prius/Camry Hybrid...you can do the battery replacement yourself saving yourself thousands. Don't get that luxury with an EV.
As an automotive engineer, I actually find it comical that people buy EV's and Hybrids. Sorry Kyle, you are quite young and we learn by our mistakes. Due diligence if you want to grow old and grey with a portfolio is requiired. A failure of basic human intelligence on a number of levels, in your case Kyle, lack of experience. As to EV's being green, that is a complete canard.  70% of electricity is created from fossil fuel and dirty coal.  Gasoline has '100 x's' the energy density of a Li-Ion battery.  Batteries are constructed by ravaging the land using slave labor. Extracting battery constituent minerals from the ground including untenable battery recycling, is NOT more ecologically responsible than driving an ICE vehicle.  Insurance is almost universally higher on EV's due to threat of incineration.  A replacement battery for a Tesla 3-series in the US is about $23K.
Hey Ho! This dealer trick is TOO common in the USA. One example, Rich Rebuilds and a Tesla battery. Also, think on the EV trucks that go off roading, and the impacts to that battery and cover. EDIT; I just viewed a Tesla that had a battery failure, fixed under warranty and would have cost 13KUSD.for the traction battery. The dealer here is committing robbery & fraud, IMHO
Thank you for giving me another reason not to pay for overly expensive EVs.   You can purchase a lot of gasoline for $60,000!
I would not take one for free at this point. Besides the obvious massive unpredictable financial risk, there is a fire risk with the battery, battery degradation and range anxiety. Pandora's box with four doors.
Dealership saw an opportunity to make money.  ICBC should not be penalizing and declaring drivers are "bad"  for "road hazards".
also brings to mind structural battery packs, and the nightmare they could become. I saw a video of a tesla pack that was filled with rigid foam. how on earth is anyone able to replace only a few bad battery cells if they're all covered in foam? sounds like another situation where they'll just say you have to replace the whole battery pack for $50000 too. Reparability needs to be fundamental in EV battery packs.
The existing Car Manufactures and their Dealership network have no reason to find the cheapest solution.  The dealership should have checked to see if the batteries was damaged.
Lesson learned, no EVs
Hmmm... glad I did not get an EV !  Can't afford to be good to the environment !
Why does the battery list price say $6649.98
What a beat up. Clearly an accident.
Why isn’t there a trade in value for the battery?
Look up issues with hyundai sonatas the car engines were litterly failing left and right huge class action lawsuits this is not an EV issue this a poor build quality with Hyundai and Kia
I'd be surprised if this doesn't go viral. Hyundai really dropped the ball on this. They're stupid to have so much faith in their dealership network here in North America. If insurance companies get wind of this, they're going to jack up the price on all Hyundai EV. Which would make sense, if light off roading can set them back $60k. Ionic 5 N is no longer on my list.
This is bullsh-t. Wth is the battery cover for then? Do we need a battery cover for the battery cover? I wonder if Tesla does this, I'm about to buy a highland.😢
No electric car, hybrid car, nor KIA/Hyundai cars for me.
Wow, good story, good info. Thanks for bringing this to us.
Did this Hyundai dealership really think that this man would pay $60k for a replacement battery.  Did they even query it with head office to get the price down. It sounds to me like the "non customer focused" dealership was saying take it or leave it. This poor example from Hyundai of what to expect with EV warranties will stop many from buying EV's.
Will keep my 20 year old truck
We can see why these EVs are not selling...lol Side note: Hyundai is well known for not standing behind their warranties on their vehicles.
They will void your warranty if you drive through a water puddle , read the warranties
If "battery cost is a challenge for our business....", THINK of what "Challenge" it will be for You .
Truly. These were some of my concerns when I was attempting to purchase a Kia EV6 back in early April 2022. KIA was expecting markup of over 10k, i shooed them off all the way till around March 2023 when nearly all Kia removed their dealer markup. I was contacted by the several dealerships I visited asking if I was still interested in the Pearl Blue EV6 Gt-Line. I told all of them no, due to myself no longer driving 275 miles from work each week to only 30miles. I look at the car I wanted back in 2022 and EV prices are dropped so much, I'd be actually underwater on my loan even if I were purchasing it at retail.   Sadly Kyle had to be part of the learning process for Hyundai for their EV venture. After that experience with Hyundai, I'd never purchase another Hyundai again, if I were in Kyle's shoe. I'm sticking to my Honda Accord for now till batter tech gets a big upgrade then I may consider one in the future.
Over ten years on my Chevy Volt. Still the original battery in good health. According to what people said when I bought the car, I should have replaced the battery 3 times by now at $35,000 each time (for a $40,000 car). 🤷‍♂️
the invoice shows the list price of the battery at $6649.98, then in the amount column it shows $56,649.98, like there was just a random digit added to the list price. I think this was just some weird typo and nobody has realized it yet.
If EV manufactures don't get a good handle on this it's a huge cold shower on future EV sales.
Thank you for bringing this to light. This is how Kia/Hyundai makes money. This is the kind of thing that a huge company making lots of profit would never change.
Wow... Thank you for sharing the experience Kyle had... I have to reconsider my plan for an EV especially  the Hyundai's...
Im gonna withdraw my Ionic 5 booking , i have enough stress already😂  Thanks for the detailed video guys. You both are the best
It's a young man and the dealer was taking advantage.
Very sorry for this young man and his situation.  Stories like this further illustrate the risk, downside and expense of EV ownership.  The hybrid vehicle still seems like the more logical choice for those wanting cheaper fuel cost and less long term expense.
Wait a second. Hyundai/Kia are involved in a situation with regard to poor customer service?  I don't believe it.  (Insert sarcastic tone here.)
But this IS cut and dry to me....as long as I can, I will not buy a hybrid or other battery-based vehicle.  Just like i would avoid a car from a brand or model  with a conventional internal combustion engine that can break down after one year if I run over a speed bump or other minor obstacle on the road like this that voids a warranty.
Batteries dont cost $56,000 😂 people forget how terrible Hyundai and Kia are just because they started making good looking cars
<sarcasm>Go green buy electric cars Save the planet.</sarcasm>
Wow.  What a great reason to steer clear of EVs…at least until the battery replacement issue for all brands is sorted.  There is a video on YouTube of a guy who took his Tesla to a gravel pit and blew it up because of this same situation…battery cost.  The dealership however lies at the root of this guys trouble.  Shame on them.
EV's SUCK Right Now! I would never buy one  and please do not force me to buy one either who ever you are in charge. Quit Jammin" Me!!!  Rippin everyone off here big time playin everyone for a fool. To be honest this all really makes me sick come on let's help each other for a change for God's Sake enough already. Oh I forgot Merry Christmas!
I'm still trying to figure out if having an EV is really worth all the headaches!!!
A friend of mine has an older Tesla Model S, he had been suffering from really bad battery degradation, it would take forever to charge and wouldn’t hold a charge for long enough, now the car won’t even charge at all, he was quoted $26k to replace the battery making his car absolutely worthless! The lesson learned from this…stop buying EVs, this is going to become a massive problem over the next decade, and what do we do with all these dead batteries? These cars are completely throw away and don’t have any lifespan! I would also add that I once owned a Hyundai Santa Fe about 7 years ago, the car was terrible, just poor quality, simple things like the volume button coming off in my hand, passenger window falling into the door, sunroof leaking, stay away from them!
Dealerships need to go away.  This is ridiculous.  I own a business that uses many different vehicles from EV's to large diesel trucks.  I can't count how many times the local dealer has tried to overcharge me or screwed up fixing something.  Unless it's a warranty issue I absolutely never go to the dealer, even then they tend to screw it up.  There's a reason why the industry calls them stealerships.  How in the world could they write-off a battery without testing it.  "It's gonna explode at anytime" - give me a break.  Dealers are crooks, every last one of them and KIA and Hyundai dealerships are the worst.
This is an eye opener. They do have 3rd party batteries that is alot cheaper
It's not true. It's 10,000 dollars. Check it out on Google or Hyundai.
When I bought my certified used 2015 sonata with 12k miles, the sale guy told me that the car is one owner and never has any car accident and  it still has all of the OEM warranty intact. A few month later the bsd sensor light came on, took it to the dealership and they told me that they wont cover it because the right side of the bumper was repaired and a the sensor mount is dented. To make the story short, I spent the entire day at the dealership and argued with the mgr and finally he relented and had it fixed for me. I end up with a rental car and it took them 5 days to get the mount fixed and replaced the sensor. You have to hold these guy accountable or else they will look for reasons to void your warranty. You gotta threaten to blast them on social media or else they wont relent.
If it was an ICE vehicle I wouldn’t have had the need to report the incident in the first place. EV’s are not ready for general public use at this time.  BTW, I am a professional automotive technician with 46 years experience. If this had been an ICE vehicle he would have been told that the floor damage was nothing to worry about and he would have been charged an hour dealer labor.
How much did people think this would cost? Batteries don’t last forever
Very good job, as always, and thank you for providing this important service to your subscribers and the general public.  It is also nice of you to respond this way to someone reaching out to you.  I think it's a sad commentary on, at least Hyundai, and maybe on EVs in total.  I find it hard to believe that scratches on a battery protection cover would result in the dealership saying the warranty was void.  Isn't that what a protection cover does to protect the battery?  I think it is an indication of a lapse on the part of Hyundai and, unless their discount was a $60,000 discount, I think it reflects very poorly on Hyundai's commitment to their customers.  I'm sorry to hear that Kyle is now screwed so badly by the increase in insurance costs and no solution to his issue.  Also, Kyle should never consider a Hyundai, Kia or Genesis vehicle ever, nor will I.  Finally, in the US, there are consumer assistance capabilities of the Better Business Bureau and the Attorneys General and Consumer Protection Bureaus of each state.  We also have the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to complain to.
Shame on Hyundai,  the dealership and ICBC .  Glad I never bought one and will not in the future.  Hyundai  will have to really prove themselves to the market to regain consumer confidence. Blame the customer ....
Name one thing you won't ever see at an antique car show forty-fives years from now?  An EV entrant.
Yes this is what happened  with me and Volkswagen. I've commented on this before, that VW's battery replacement invoice showed a charge for $55,000 for the battery alone, replaced under warranty, 2015 VW e-Golf. It took me 6 months of pushing on VW. Their techs first said "there is no test plan" to test the battery percentage/health. So, they could not objectively establish that the battery passed or failed the 70% warranty threshhold. They finally agreed to a driving test but they turned off the AC and headlights which biased the test toward passing (by just 1 mile of range to kick the health calculation from 69% to 70%).  This is hilarious! "They wanted to get Korea involved..." In my warranty claim, the local dealer had to consult with VW Wolfsburg Germany HQ to get a code to use a machine at the dealer to conduct a test. Sounds familiar to me.  It took 3 local dealers before I discovered that only one dealer in Orange County, a very populated area, knew how to deal with the EVs. Every other dealer I called was clueless about how to work on EVs.  The first dealer I consulted about battery range told me 3 things on the same visit: 1. There is no test for the battery... 2. We have to tear down the car it will cost you $500 to test the battery... 3. Well maybe we can test the battery but if it fails our dealership we can't fix it you need to go to another dealer.  At the next dealer, they said it was VW's decision. VW Customer Service said it was the dealers decision. The local service manager wanted nothing to do with deciding to replace the battery. I wrote letters to customer service USA, the dealer back and forth for months. In the end I won but I'm convinced VW has no plan at all to actually deal with warranty for these cars.
if you want an electric car, buy a tesla.  any other choice is irrational.
Another reason to not drink the Koolaid; all EV owners should receive escalated rates for EV’s.
I'm a tech at a Kia dealership. I can tell you that when the EV6 first came out a replacement battery pack $120,000 and is now down to about $60,000. That being said you can take this battery pack apart and replace individual cells and not the whole pack. In this case the dealership should have pulled the cover and checked the battery frame for damage.
Anyone buying an EV must realize that their vehicle will be worthless when it comes to selling it. Who will buy a used EV knowing that they will need to replace the battery sooner or later for a minimum of $25,000.00, in addition to the purchase price of a used car?
Interesting. How green are these cars really when you consider these battery cost issues. The least carbon intensive option for cars is to keep your ICE vehicle and maintain it.
Just for a scratch on a Protection????
Battery Electric Vehicles are just not fit for purpose.
I love EVs and their capabilities, but I'm afraid it's just like buying a flamant IPhone that nobody will want in 4 - 5 years.
So when the battery needs replaced thru normal wear and tear it’s still $60k! People are going to be getting more and more shocks like this. This will not go away
Not good for their sales !!
why doesn't the warranty cover this...the car is barely a year old...what about the warranty??
This is soooo easy. Take the insurance money, buy a honda civic for 30k ish then use the remaining insurance money to cover the insurance increases! ICE forever!!!
this reminds me of the t esla that got wet in the rain  and it died because it got wet in the storm. tesla said NO to the warranty
These electric cars are a scam. Avoid like the plague. I’m never buying one. Ever. I can’t afford losses like this
Read it in some other YouTube comment. Now one can save the environment twice :)
Buy a non battery run car.. buy a reliable gas power vehicle.. this is so eye-opening to technology and the parts are double the price of the total car!!!
I bought 2 Audi e-trons for myself and my wife. After 2 weeks I had no heat in the cabin, this was in November. I took my car to the shop and it took them 3 months to discover the problem which was a valve not opening to let heat into the cabin. 3 months with a loaner and when i picked up my car i was given the bill which was covered under warranty……$25,000!! Two weeks later more problems occurred. We sold both cars and will NEVER buy Audi again!  Audi head office was kind enough to give me a $3000 parts credit. Thank Audi!
You people need to do your research on EVs  , they are not environmentally friendly and you can surely buy a lot of gas for $60,000  and they are unsafe, think for yourself!
Thanks so much for doing this video
Like Scotty say "Only Stupid people" buy Hyundai/Kia.
This is why I will never buy an EV
It is crazy that manufacturers are not willing to provide the tools/methods to check battery packs properly.  This is like replacing an entire ICE engine should there be a valve tapping while out of adjustment.  "Sorry, we can't remove the valve cover, the manufacturer requires we replace the engine".
There's no real Damage
Better I will stay with gasoline cars.
Kyle, buy a new gas powered car…
I did a search and a remanufactured battery (using the part number) in the US shows $6441.00? Highest price I saw in USD was $31,000. Hyundai has a listing for this battery assembly remanufactured less than $7,000 USD?. Do a websearch on the part number.
Great reporting from you two 👍
The cars are usually better than the dealerships. Hyundai has been horrible to its customers for years but we put up with it because the cars were much cheaper. Now they are not and I’m glad the dealerships are being called out. Because Hyundai and Kia have let their dealers run wild and they deserve this reputation. It’s their fault. It needs to stop.
I’d lawyer up for sure. But yeah no EV for me
Certainly this issue is not the first time it has happened. I wonder how does Tesla and other EV manufactures handle this problem. Especially in America.
I will never buy one Now!! Stay with gas ⛽️  🚶‍♀️that is no EV OR HYBRID..
The EV fever fantasy is turning into a nightmare.
Did anyone say the vehicle was undriveable? Sounds like bs from the dealer. Especially, if no one inspected the battery.
Unbelievable! I’ll be sticking with my trusty internal combustion engine vehicle for as long as I possibly can!!!!!
Really good reporting guys. You rock. Hyundai now with two recent horror stories. Yikes. Makes a hybrid where the battery is shielded inside the car sound more appealing
Im subscribing to your channel from now on!!!
That’s a pile of Horse s&$(. A Tesla is under $20k.  And batteries are only about $500 a kWh or less that’s $38k for this battery if you bought modules retail.  RIP off.  Probably because the car is on back order for over a year and each battery replacement is one less sale.
Another story proving how useless EV cars are.  Batteries that cost more than the car.  Insurance costs. Any accident and your battery may be damaged and be a potential fire hazard.  This is besides the range anxiety, charging times, and the fact these vehicles are not green.  Lithium mining is very polluting and horrible for the workers, including children, working to extract it.  Also, the grid can’t supply the electricity needed and it all doesn’t come from so called green power sources.
Okay this video is insane, and I can't believe that a single person in this video or this planet actually believes that a battery replacement cost more than the actual car. At most that battery should cost no where more 16k-25k, at least that's what a comparable battery for a tesla would cost here in US to replace. For them to say 60k is ludicrous. They obviously don't want to replace the battery for some reason. And I doubt it has to do with actual cost or safety.
Thank you for this, it's given me a serious pause on going full EV for now.  The industry needs to address this and anything short of what you've proposed is a deal breaker!
Thank you for this informative segment. I seriously doubt Hyundai would have done anything without your intervention. What you have shown are the pitfalls of being an early adopter. For me, I'm not ready for a full EV.
maybe bc he is chinese canadian? canada is know racially discriminating against asians. have heared tons of racist stories
If the car was running fine white Bubba going to insurance
This is why you don't get electric cars not worth the upkeep
Im located in the states and I googled the part number down here and the price from multiple sources came back as 30k USD or 40k cad. It's interesting that it comes in at 15k cheaper in the USA, its still outrageous though.
Long story short, stick to hybrids or ICE. This also sounds like a greedy dealership, which is unsurprising.
Good Bye Hyundai... isn't funny ,,, Hyundai used to brag about how good their warranty's were,now that was put to the test ha ha . We need to get rid of the stealerships, and buy Direct from the manufacturers, Repairs then done in independant shops .
This will only get worse as EV batteries prices rise! Nothing ever gets cheaper.  Every EV will need additional catastrophic battery damage insurance that doesn’t affect auto insurance!
My question is, were the car drive normally? Are there any error codes?  So we shall get our car under panel check by third-party repair shop so we won't get our warranty void. Can the battery protector under the panel be replaced separately?
I ran into a problem with my Niro EV where it communicates it can accept 98KW to chargers when the specs say 85KW max.  Charger rate increases at 90KW (of course) and charger company wants me to take this up with Kia.    I love my EV but there are numerous drawbacks.    My winter tires and barely cold (-10°C) winter conditions have reduced my range by way more than I would have imagined.    It's not a great one car solution unless you never go further than 100kms away.
Shines a light on why everyone should think carfefully about buying an EV.  Water damage is the biggest issue that can void the batttery warranty.  A piece of wood can fall off a truck and you hit it. That ruins a car, reidiculous.. Hyundai should give Kyle a brand new EV6 for FREE, otr for the insurnace money he received as payment.
So smallest fender bender has the potential to send perfectly working car to the  chop shop. Very environmentally friendly 🫢
I was seriously looking into buying an EV, thinking of the various savings involved, but not after seeing this!  Maybe a Hybrid...
This is a problem when buying EV's.  Too expensive to buy & depreciate like crazy, then you have a catastrophic repair like this...stick with 4 cyl car/SUV.
Great report guys! That why I always keep watching you. Stand with customer 🎉🎉
So Crazy
Solution. In this case, get your money from insurance company and NEVER BUY Hyundai anymore. BUY Tesla for the same price if not cheaper.
Nothing new😂.. only idiots buy an ev so no pity on them😂. Im from norway and norway is full of them😂 think they know it all. At end its more expensive with an ev. you pay more when you buy it. Wont last that long. And a little damage could risk getting the car totaled😂
Here is the biggest question: Did Kyle buy another EV after writing off his 1 year old Ioniq 5? 😂
Just a question how much does it cost for insurance per year on an EV vehicle like the ionic five
If the battery protection cover failed to do its job of protecting the battery, then isn't this a design defect with the battery protection cover that Hyundai should be liable for?
I owned a venza hybrid toyota give 10 years or 240, 000 kilometers warranty  on the hybrid battery to replace hybrid battery cost only 3500 $
Seems like the battery protection panel didnt really protect the battery.
First off, I want to thank you both for being a customer advocate on this sensitive topic about EVs and battery replacement cost in general. I have been jaded about the future of EVs as I was in the market for a new vehicle in the summer. It is an eye opener to see the staggering cost of battery replacement. I can bet, this is systemic across all EVs not just Hyundai. I have a friend who owns an EV and it is several years old and I can tell you that with the 15+% decrease in driving range year over year, my friend is back on the market looking for a car just after owning their EV for just 6 years. I again want to thank you for your customer advocacy and I am a BIG fan of your channel.
Hi ... Big discrepancy between this report echoed in City News Vancouver, and what we see in the United states.  Current US - CN exchange rate:  $1 US : $1.36 CN.  Various US sources bracket the cost of Ionic EV5 battery replacement at between $12k to $20K plus up to $1000 in labor.  Converted into CN dollars, this should mean max $28, 560 CN.   Still a ghastly bill, but what's going on up there?  $60K with all  the talk-around from Hyundai Canada almost sounds corrupt.  Tesla is saying Model 3 battery costs are around $14k US, Models X and Y $20-30k.   Prayers to Kyle ... Appreciate the Motormouth team.
How is it that the replacement cost of just the battery is the price of the vehicle? Does the rest of the vehicle parts have no value??
Good job, Motormouth. A new car costing Fifty-five thousand dollars for unproven technology and the owner being fleeced for a battery that wasn't inspected. I'm not convinced that a hybrid is right for me.
First of all, thanks Motormouth for covering this story.  Eye opener.  This dealership dropped the bowling ball on their foot and took the entire ev market down with it.  Another nail in the coffin for ev's until battery replacement costs come down significantly.  Something like this should have involved Hyundai Canada.   Dealership: "So, can we interest you in another Hyundai?" 🤣🤣🤣🤣 I wonder how much ICBC gave Kyle for a one year old Ioniq 5?
Buy a toyota electric instead even the bz4x is not the fastest or high range compared to other electric car company but toyota built for reliability
I will never buy a Hyundai vehicle, let alone an electric Hyundai vehicle as long as I live as a result of this video. Absolutely disgraceful. I feel bad for anyone an electric vehicle let alone a Hyundai electric vehicle. It’s too early in the game. Let everyone else work out all the kinks before you get into this electrified world
What’s the purpose of insurers and dealers anymore if this is what we “pay” them for as part the car ownership experience?
Summary: Stay away from EV.....
Honestly at this very instance. It’s not a wise idea to purchase an EV. When it comes to the cost of owning a vehicle. Resale value is a critical factor as well. A v8 ICE car might cost more to run. But the resale value will be wonderful. While ev might cost less in a daily basis (exclude the  upfront cost). But the resale value will be so low since no one want to have the risk of paying 60k for the battery replacement.
Never buying an EV. Nightmares on wheels not ready for prime time.
Guys I'm sorry but I simply don't understand why you took the conversation where you did. The only question here is how in @#$# can a battery cost more than the car??? The Hyundai PR manager provided a word salad that meant nothing. Again, assume all other things being equal, how does a $55k car carry a $60k battery replacement cost? Is Hyundai saying that they are losing tens of thousands of dollars on each EV they sell? I highly doubt it.  I appreciate you bringing eyes onto this problem but this was altogether the wrong conversation. Hyundai has singlehandedly convinced me not to buy any electric car.
We need more reports like this. Not just for EVs.
Love the new motormouth graphic at the end!
Sounds like the dealership really screwed him there, with an assist by the insurance company. Say what you want about Tesla but, they don’t have dealerships to screw up like this. Not saying this sort of thing is impossible with Tesla but if you’re at a Tesla service center that’s owned by Tesla, not some middleman.
Thanks for this story guys. Really appreciate it.
Just bought a Mazda CX 5 after looking at a Tesla. Now I'm even more happy I didn't get an EV . Also glad I listened to Andrea and bought the Mazda.
I was going to buy an EV9.  Not happening now.  Have you ever heard of something like this from Tesla?
I think this is more of design problems if a vehicle is written off for a scratch the protective layer of battery.
I am sorry but i really have trouble understanding Kyle's history. I love Zack and Andrea's voice and their English.
He definitely made the mistake in not going to the manufacturer first before getting his insurance company involved.
Just don’t buy obscure brands. Buy what the masses buy. A car is nothing to take a risk on.
I guess I'm sticking to ICE
At just under the 8 year warranty on my BMW i3 BMW replaced the entire battery due to over 20% degradation for free. I saw the writeup. It would have been 16k. A year later, when the car had zero warranty, the dealer got BMW to replace the early version faulty motor mount and redesigned bracket (it has a backup gas generator to recharge the battery) for free that was revised early in its production and it required dropping the motor. I think the writeup was 6500. I couldnt believe it. BMW definitely took care of me and my 8 year old BMW ev. I feel like I won the lottery. Other manufacturers need to take note with this change to such a different product if they want future acceptance.
This is the reason why I am not planning to go EV yet. It’s just a huge money pit, especially after warranty period
This is another critical issue for EV of today...making people reluctant to purchase one...Then sustainablity isseus...Still how come a battery in a car costs more than the car itself? Ridiculous....
Hopefully you publish a follow up when there is an update. Great episode as always
No EVs for me.
Look at that invoice again   List = 6649.98 Net = 6649.98  Amount = 56649.98  Where did that 5 come from ? 🧐
I’ve got an idea.  Don’t buy a Hyundai.  I will NEVER buy one of these.  60k for a replacement battery?  I was actually looking at one of these but I would NEVER buy it now.
Battery replacement cost is the first question I asked when researching EV’s.  Not worth the risk!!!  I’ll keep my ICE car until it dies.   No matter how much fuel costs you save, it won’t make financial sense.
Great job on covering this issue.  This is going to push people away from Hyundai / Kia towards *Tesla* .
I would bet money an employee at that dealership trys to buy that car with a salvage title.  They will just get in it and start driving it. JS
I've owned a Tesla Model 3 since March 2020.  I will not buy any Tesla or any other EV's from now on.
Great video guys. Personally staying away from EVs for quite a long time. I just don't think the tech is mature enough yet. Hybrid seems to be the way to go at this time.
Boundary Hyundai Silhouette Collision ICBC Hyundai Canada Hyundai Korea  There's something rotten here. Expose it.  Kyle, hire a lawyer, have that lawyer get to the bottom of this situation, and go get you 10X worth in damages.  Take 40K from that and go buy a hybrid or conventional car from another brand.
Kia/Hyundai = Junk😊
My takeaway from this story is that The IONIQ 5 is susceptible to catastrophic battery damage from a not very significant impact, or that Hyundai has not adequately educated its dealers and their technicians to evaluate battery damage. Either way, this is a significant black eye for this manufacturer and I would not be confident to buy an EV from this brand. I doubt that this issue is unique to Hyundai products.
It appears that the dealership saw an opportunity to make some easy money. I used to run an autobody repair shop and in most cases, with a few exceptions, there was a 20% markup on parts. This isn't much when it comes to replacing a fender or some trim pieces, but on a battery sale this would be a lot of money. A few scrapes on the bottom cover shouldn't be reason enough to replace the battery or write off the vehicle. I'm not a mechanic, but the cover should have been removed and the battery inspected for physical damage. I'm pretty sure that they would have access to diagnostic tools to check the health of the battery as a whole, and the condition of the individual cells. I am in the market for a new vehicle, but it will be an ICE vehicle. I feel that once the battery warranty has expired, the value of a hybrid or pure EV will be almost nothing. I doubt that parts for current electrified vehicles will decrease over time and that it will probably take a change in battery chemistry to reduce the cost of batteries.
The Quebec RPM television program took a water damaged Tesla battery to an ev repair shop. Instead of the Tesla replacement cost (> 20k$ more or less), they opened the part, repaired the seal, resoldered some cells and installed a new bms electronic card. Total bill less than $4k. Saw the same in Sweden with a popular ev reviewer. Changing the battery without giving a used battery value in return does not make sense. Even my 12v battery is worth something in that case. The industry needs to improve on the high cost parts such as battery, electronics.
Wow definitely did not see this coming and changes my mind to buy an EV. Shows Ideology cannot meet real consumer demand and what we can afford
I've never been more happy with my Rav4 hybrid.
always get three quotes / who confirmed the only quote received was representative?
Excellent info
This is a cash grab. They didn’t remove the cover and see if the battery was damaged. Nor did they do diagnostics to determine if there are issues. Dealer didn’t contact HQ. Imagine the owner says ok, they check replace the cover, sees no damage then goes battery replaced and collect $61k.  Also why is the battery soooo expensive. How is it logical that battery costs more than that car that car with a similar battery? It just seem like Kia/Hyundai are screwing their customers over with the EVs and Hybrids when batteries need replacement.
This is typical Hyundai dealer nonsense. That has kept me from buying one.
Another great video. Very nice piece of investigative journalism. $60,000 for a battery which may not even need to be replaced is ridiculous. My wife wants to buy an EV vehicle. I’m no there yet. Too many horror stories such as yours and others reporting the problem with taking long trips with an EV and finding charging locations with broken chargers, long waits, etc. and vacations being ruined by unnecessary delays. I’m not convinced that EV is the way to go until these issues are resolved. Love to hear your thoughts. Always great to see that you’ve dropped another video!
We the people have been hearing for years how bad the Hyundai experience is. Why do some of the people refuse to believe it. They think it will be different for them. Plenty of people have had great experiences with hyundi. It appears to only be an issue when there's an issue with the car.  Stay out of Hyundai dealerships and these problems will be avoided.
I just discovered your channel, what a great source of information.  I can afford an ev or even a hybrid, but I can't afford the maintenance.  I want to purchase this brand of vehicle but their past history of motors and now this prevents that.  Please keep up the great work and thanks.
Makes me wonder if I should get rid of my 2022 hybrid Hyundai Tucson before 8-10 yrs…hmmmm
Why wouldn't ICBC inspect the vehicle themselves? Having said that. Have you seen the video of an electric car burning its way through a cement floor in an underground parking garage and crashing through that floor to the level below? Hell no I won't buy one of these.
Insurance rates are going to go through the roof with all these problems and fires .  The fire risk alone which will include liability for parking garages and homes will make these Li powered vehicle unaffordable!  Governments need to stop forcing the manufacturers to meet these emission requirements.  This is the only reason they are building them .
Excellent reporting! Quite frankly, EV's at this point should be considered for leasing, and that's it!
The warranty is with Hyundai, not with the dealership. READ THE DOCUMENT. Kyle, go to a reputable brand.
When you watch companies sell cars at a loss, keep this story in mind. The parts can be far more expensive than the car.  Either Hyundai is inflating the cost of this battery, or they lose considerable money on every Ionic 5 they sell.  I think the only non-boutique BEV sold at a profit at the moment (in the US at least) is Tesla's.
Good, we all are talking about it and bringing the topic to discussion,  so generally, we just do the oil change once a year for ics .What if a battery car owner does the same and just checks the fluids .  think most of the battery  car around us will be vulnerable to fire and may burst. Also I see this model is not sustainable compared to ics atleast in consumer point ov view
Precisely why the EV scam is exactly that. Trash.
Not the first Korean company to give a consumer the middle finger. Try getting service on a Samsung washer.
This story is yet another of the many reasons I will never buy an EV. I won’t buy into the scam of this industry.
First of all THANK YOU for helping Kyle. You guys were fantastic to do this and your video is really appreciated. I also like the insurance company to have some compassion for their customer. Increasing the insurance rate that much is really a rip off. This itself need to be  investigated. What justification is that? As far as EV warranty is concern all manufacturers should provide warranty that covers everything (the battery and other related parts). The dealer also is at wrong for not doing proper job of really investigating if the battery was indeed impacted. This whole situation is a mistake by the dealer by not taking initiative to do proper investigation. Writing off the car and the whole battery is now really a waste and really bad for the environment. Best to just buy a hybrid.
I smell a class action lawsuit
This should be red flag for all EV buyers, especially later on second hand market. And this young person with awkward haircut should act as a man and start spitting on Hyundai as a brand as much as he can...for next 10 years.
CRAP! More affordable to own a BMW than this!
DONT BUY another EV young man.  It's not worth the risk to virtue signal.  I heard a quote that a new battery for a leaf is over 30k.  You will never recoup that cost.  Penny wise, pound foolish as the saying goes.
When determining its value an EV is a great big battery with some car parts bolted to it. A major battery issue (are any of them not major?) mechanically totals the car.
you did not say what the problem was with the car. What I hear from this story: he was driving in a BC road.  he hit something; out of abundance of caution  (assuming no ‘engine lights’ ) he wanted to check out his car because it was going to ‘stop working sometime?,'  nothing was wrong with it and this wound up as a  car writeoff?????.wtf!  a car with a bang; in drivable condition, no warning lights ? and this end up in a write off ???? I don’t see how is this a Hyundai issue… I feel a little bit of entitlement by this car owner…  guys come on! let’s be real  😮this car was ok. A bit of bad luck. Yes. But the writeoff was on him mostly.
Thx for covering this story   If I were this situation, I would probably just keep driving it, there's most likely nth wrong with it   What a waste
This is why Rav4 prime with long warranty is so valuable. Even Toyota EVs are not the best, their plug-in still the benchmark.
This needs to go public this story. Hyundai makes me sick my experience with them was not much better
Thanks for bringing this story forward.  I cannot imagine Kyle ever walking into another Kia/Hyundai dealership again.
So a protective cover doesn’t protect?  Sue them for that
Owner should've gone beyond the dealership level before he decided to write the car off completely.  Dealers are independently owned, so I would never trust them to have a final say with manufacturer issues.
Just like telling ppl they need new struts when there is uneven tire wear without even properly diagnosing the fault. Nothing new when it comes to misleading and ripping ppl off. BTW....don't say entire industry when it comes to an isolated Canadian Korean  automobile...because I will tell Toyota is nowhere near that ridiculous price quote for a new or renewed battery replacement.
Tnaks for the sotry. Imagine if the battery is damaged on the 9th year for whatever reason the vehicle is basically negative value considered the battery must be over the future value of the vehicle.  it means the vehicle is just good as long as the battery is working.  I would reconsider my next vehicle a EV.
Thank you for shedding light on issues like this that normal consumer just wouldn't know otherwise.
This is why I’m getting a 330e instead lol
Imagine, your truck has a bash shield for gas tank, you get scratch on the bash plate and the mechanic says, "yup, the whole car is junk now😂". This makes EV's a shit show. This guy should just take that battery out and sell it to dealership/Hyundai 🤣😂 make that 60 grand back
The name of the cover “battery protection” is clearly mislabeled.   Faced with $60,000 bill +\- ten years of double insurance payments and voided battery warranty, I say it’s lawyer time to rattle cages, even if Kyle got zero money for his time, anxiety and frustration.  The dealer and auto maker deserve a lawyer chewing on their pocketbooks.
I'll stick with my ICE vehicle.  Thanks for exposing this ridiculous situation.  So is this vehicle supposed to be scrapped for parts and the battery goes to the landfill? This sounds like a design defect to me.
TL;DR - Dealers are clueless assholes.
That's why we should never buy Hyundai or Kia. They are junk
The company and dealer are scum
I guess EV stands for ExtremeVolatility. Not ready for the real world until lithium cell tech is fixed to make them safer.
Don’t buy Hyundai 😃
I don't trust Hyundai quality or their warranties!
Batteries are very expensive, no one should be shocked by that.
Seems scammy. Needs cover to protect battery cover.
Hyundai is just telling people don't buy vehicles from Hyundai and Kia, stay away from these twin companies.
So innocent scratch on battery protection cover makes battery "explode"??? How about the owner of this dealership pay Kyle $120,000 and go tp preason for a week or two to think how to run their business further???
Motormouth Car Investigation, the best wave of videos on your channel! Love it!
60k for a battery? Let that sink in.
This story reinforces my family’s decision to never buy another Kia/Hyundai vehicle. My mom went through so much crap with them on her Soul. Every member of my family and extended family will NEVER buy from them and I urge you to do the same.
An accident has occurred, and a claim has to be made against his insurance.  Unfortunately that will have an effect on future premiums.  The problem is the cost of the battery.  If it was hundreds of dollars, would there be an objection to replacement.  How much do others charge for battery packs?  This issue will occur more often with the increasing number of EV's on the road.
Thank you for sharing this information.. really appreciate it
Hyundai, how the heck does a replacement battery cost as much as the entire vehicle coming off the assembly line. What was the cost of the original battery in the assembly line process??  Bet it’s not even remotely close to the replacement cost.
Note to self, never buy a Hyundai. Stories like this are contributing to the nosedive in EV sales.
What a load of BS. The dealership should have run a diagnostic test to fully check the battery's condition. I doubt there was any battery damage based on the appearance of the battery protection plate. I would also had an independent analysis done and depending on the outcome, take legal action against the dealership and Hyundai Canada. One thing for sure is that I will never buy a Hyundai vehicle after hearing this.
Regardless of anything else, this must kill resale values of these cars.  If anyone was considering buying one second hand, they'd have to be crazy. A scrape on the underbody and the car's a write off?   Forget that.
Is the Vinfast proposition the better way?
This dealership definitely took advantage. Can't believe they quoted this to him with a straight face. No shame at stealerships
Yes, your ev is worthless.
More proof that the electric car is just a scam.
Thank you for advocating for the consumers, this is a good and we need to raise awareness
EV is a laptop with wheels on it. Thermal runaway is a major concern. Some cities are passing laws requiring EV cars to park 30 feet from other cars and cannot  park in enclosed parking structures. Because thermal runaway is so intense it can damage concrete pillars as well as other cars.
LOL.  People are now just realizing the EV's don't make sense?  Hilarious
So much for the environment that's actually embarrassing
Terrible story. Feel so bad for the owner. This only emphasizes my resistance to purchase a car, any car from Hyundai. What a way also to discourage the purchase of EV. Hyundai Canada now taking charge sounds shamefully like too little too late!
The 60k price tag for the battery makes sense if the manufacturer is selling the car at a loss plus the labor involved. The story is still brutal and highlights the dangers of a going with a unestablished brand (i know Hyundai is an established brand but it is not when it comes to EVs.) Add in the twisted incentives at the dealership (they make most if their money on add ons and service), you have a real mess.
Even at 1/4 of that price, this is still a big hit.  The level of scratches he had are easy to do if you do any gravel or dirt road driving.
I have very limited mechanical understanding—thought a bit more than most people, having worked in Auto Sales, Finance and Management for a long time—but I could see long ago that EVs were a ticking time bomb (not in a literal sense, though maybe that too if you consider the inextinguishable Lithium fires like the lady whose Mercedes EQE loaner burnt to a crisp as well as the cargo ship fire caused by EVs--both incidents happened this past Summer).  Anyway, people started buying Hybrids for gas savings and to reduce their carbon footprints. seemed like a win-win and the World, all of a sudden, was a better place. Consumer saves money. Environment stays healthier. Then manufacturers thought: If Hybrids are working out, let's now go to full-EV (not to mention they were also receiving pressure and incentives from government to rush the tech to market but that's a different story). Now just about every manufacturer is selling Hybrids (HEVs), Plug-ins (PHEVs) and Full EVs (BEVs). At a minimum, replacing a hybrid rack of batteries costs $5-$7,000 with the labor. Typical hybrid life is about 10 years give-or-take the battery quality and how the car is driven. This amount of money to replace batteries basically offsets any gas money saved over the course of the past decade. So there's no real monetary savings. Some Hybrid buyers tell themselves, "okay, maybe I'm not saving money but I _am_ saving the environment!" Well...not really. Do some research into extraction (think slave labor in Africa creating monstrous carbon footprints to extract and refine the necessary ores) and recycling (think non-sustainable resources that will create further pollution). So...there's really no upside to the buyer or the environment in Hybrids. As far as Full EVs...well, it's even worse (for buyer and environment). This video says all you need to know. Often, the cost of a rack for a Full EV will far exceed the depreciated cost of a car and the option becomes...get a *new* Full EV for less money (pollute the environment with the old batteries and old car that no wholesaler will touch because they know they have to put tens-of-thousands into in order to resell--not to mention you, the driver coming tens-of-thousands out-of-pocket to get a new one)...or pay more than the cost of a new car just to replace the batteries on your 8-10 year old car.  What was originally viewed as a win-win for driver and Mother Earth is clearly a lose-lose. Want to drive your car forever with little-to-no major repair or replacement costs? Stick to naturally-aspirated (non-turbo). Turbos generate power by taking the exhaust from normal engine combustion and putting it through a turbo to generate more power. But this means heat and pressure--both of which are the worst enemies of your engine's longevity. Stick to manual or automatic (no CVT, no torque converter, no dual-clutch, no intelligent manual transmission) Stick to internal combustion *(NO HYBRIDS, PLUG-INS, OF FULL EVs)*
excellent video! it exposes the dark side of the manufacturer/dealership!
I'm surprised that ICBC does not offer a waiver of depreciation and the insured could have received a new vehicle.   Hyundai needs to change as this is really discouraging to hear. What a shame!
Sad that Kyle now can never afford to insure another car for 10yrs. Assuming BC insurance company has a record on him.
Dealership incompetence and negligence seems to be the issue here.  Hyundai would have probably never looked into the issue had automotive journalists not brought this matter up to leadership.  At this point Hyundai should just give Kyle any new Hyundai vehicle at the value of $60,000  (regardless of gas, hybrid or ev model), not just a discount, to rectify the situation.
Looks like the dealer took the lousy route that represent less liability and condemning the battery.  They should have take the plate off and inspect the battery. Dealer as so used to not think a
This needs more attention. Not at all a good look for Hyundai, the dealer and now EV's in general. This is a wake up call for all consumers dealing with EV's.
People buy ev's for the environment? LOL.  What landfill is that toxic battery going to?
Harsh reality of battery cars🙂
Dang, it's stories like this, that makes me love my 1998 chevy malibu, more and more. 😌
I am seriously interested in the upcoming Ioniq 5 N. Now…not so much!
Thanks for making the case against EV ownership. After hearing this story, I will NEVER own an electric vehicle.
When things get this ridiculous it pushes past concerning and goes straight into funny
I don’t get it. What’s the point of having a protection cover If some minor scratches on the cover voids the battery warranty? Isn’t it there to take scratches by design?
I was considering buying hyundai elantra, and this came to me as a shock after reading alot of comments here that hyundai dealership can void the warranty just like that. Can anyone suggest which car should i consider buying below 35k budget
I've said for a while that EVs are likely still about 10 years (or more) away from being a realistic alternative to mainstream vehicles.  They are still far too expensive to buy and have too many limitations (range, warranty issues like this, etc).  For now, they are play toys for the rich.  Hybrids are a good option for today, but battery technology will need to come a long way before I'd consider an EV.
Truly baffling! If the new battery is from the same production line where the damaged one was made, how is it more expensive than the total cost of the vehicle? The EV industry still has a LONG way to go.
I was honestly considering an EV or a hybrid vehicle as a next purchase, but not anymore 😱
I guess this will happen with most dealers as the cars continue to evolve but dealers are not up to speed on new EV's. I had a Hyundai years ago and it seems their dealer still have a lot to learn.  This is another reason why all these EV's will be a mechanically totalled after 10 years as the cost of replacing the batteries will exceed the value of the car
I have had 5 Hyundai vehicles in the last 18 years.  Last trip to the dealership has turned me off and after hearing this, I'm not surprised.  Hyundai has lost a lot of credibility in my books.  I'm done with them.  Poor guy and his Ionic.
This is so unfair NOT just to the EV owner - - Writing off EV due to 'impacted' battery will also increase insurance premiums for others. The Insurance company will pass on the cost to others in addition to the EV owner.  - Canada (taxpayers) is heavily invested in making EV batteries and if EV batteries are so easily "impacted" then all that investment is at risk!
The manufacturers should have a protocol in place to send the battery pack to a facility that can test it to determine if it does need to be replaced. In this particular story the decision-makers are just guessing for a worst case.
I had a 2010 RAV4. Bought used in 2012. The RAV4 needed new tires and a oil change(conventional in, requires synthetic). Yes a Toyota dealership couldn’t afford tires or oil. I bought the vehicle and then called customer service for Toyota. Told Toyota that the dealership had refused to replace tires and oil per the maintenance warranty. Dealership put 4 new tires on and put in synthetic oil. Per Toyotas request to dealership. No cost to me.
Battery replacement is not 60k! This is like charging 25k for a new engine!
Reeks of a dealership scam on a person with little car knowledge.
THAT,THAT right there is why I will NEVER buy an EV 👎
Thank you two so much for shedding light on this topic. So, the North American governments as it now stands, are going to mandate EV cars in the near future for new purchases. This is going to place a huge burden on the consumer when it comes to battery replacement, resale of the EV down the road, etc…not to mention the associated insurance costs involved in crashes and damage to batteries. How can the Canadian/US Govt force this issue and not have any financial offsets for consumers? Another reason I’m not a fan of EV’s!
Am I missing something? The battery list is 6649.98 as is the net. However  there is a 5, thus 56649.98.  added in front of the 6649.98 in the amount. Looks like a typo to me.
I wonder if in BC they have like OMVIC (Ontario motor vehicle industry council).They might be able to help Kyle.
The incentives of the dealerships and the manufacturers are not aligned.
One more nail in the coffin is this:  the recent Consumer Reports article that stated the EVs are LESS reliable than their gas equivalents!
This is why NIO has the best business model. With NIO, you just get a battery swap.
$60,000 will buy 30,000 litres of fuel! that will keep me driving for 20-25yrs!
Is there any EV or hybrid designed to protect both the passengers and battery while separate them in case of battery caught on fire?
I'm thinking before buying one of these, have to challenge the salesperson on how much they know about their support, or lack thereof when it comes to EVs after the sale has been completed.  Do all owners contact the manufacturer if there is an accident and the battery needs to be replaced?  Does each manufacturer have a department set up for this kind of thing?
Just when you think "Ok, Hyundai/Kia is turning the corner and ready to seriously challenge Toyota/Honda at the big people table" they keep dropping the ball.
I have a Kia, and my dealership ruined the brand for me.
Yep Cost more then a house ( ty Ron     good video
This story is one of the reasons why I would not buy a full EV right now.  The technology is so immature and expensive that you are digging your grave if anything happens.  Hybrid is the way to go: high mileage and very mature technology.
😡🤬 Sounds like this battery replacement in the industry is a scam to squeeze every penny from you!   Plus, the insurance carrier will raise EVERYONES premium base on EVs ...even if you don't own an EV!    MORE PROFITS FOR EVERYONE...except the consumers.
Hyundai / Genesis 🤮🤮🤮🤮
no ev for me love my boring gasoline cars ev no ....thaks
Good stuff. Make more content like these its very informative
Hi Guys !!, Wow it is scary, Thank You ah, really !!, I don't  know what to say still processing, I know a person on U tube was asking for help to buy battery for a Tesla the cost was $15 K, well better but at the same time mucho dinero. Great Information  Guys and have a wonderful evening.
Looks like the real story is a guy got ripped off at a dealer.  The battery pack is under 80KWH Price per KWH right now is about 120 bucks so it cost about 10,000 to build...
Wow, this is a death knell for EV sales. So poorly handled by the dealership and the manufacturer. That owner has my sympathy and thanks for shedding light on this issue. No electrics in my future.
I appreciate your standing up for Kyle. I watch Tesla Bjorn on YouTube and a number of his videos are with EV mechanics and they can diagnose the battery pack down to individual cell level to look for anomalies. I wonder if any effort was made to check the battery. This seems like someone made a scumbag move. From what I’ve seen battery packs run 8-10k.
I understand how stressful it was to release this video. Honestly, and integrity 👏 👌
This story just tells you how incompetent the service department for the EVs.  They have no clue on how to assess or repair the damage and simply tell the consumer that you need to replace the whole battery pack.  Imagine if anything goes wrong in the electrical system, you bet the cost is going to be through the roof.
The battery pack is very expensive, most EVs are being sold at cost. Batteries need to be repairable without replacing the entire pack
Why would he replace the battery if the case got scratched and the mechanic never looked?  If my mechanic told me I needed a new engine because of a scratch adn the car was running fine I would not replace the engine.
Probably cost less to install a gas motor instead lol
It is a lot for a new fuel tank.
Glad to see you shining a light on just how irresponsible Kia/Hyundai dealerships can be. I’ve taken my car to 3 different Kia dealerships in greater Vancouver and all of them couldn’t care less about fixing issues. I’ve lived with an intermittent not-starting issue that crept up 3 months into ownership and 12 years later it hasn’t fixed itself. Like everyone else, I gave up going and leaving my car at the dealership with no loaner car to use. I’m aware that bad service departments are not uncommon, but the stories I hear and my experience tells me Kia/Hyundai are the worst. Would never buy another because of the dealers, not the cars.
Wow…that’s very disappointing.
Should have bought a Telluride bro
Excellent !! great respect from the USA....
I heard it's Hyundai and Kia having problems. Toyota and Honda is much more reliable.
it's all about liability here people.   LiON batteries are very dangerous.  Only about 8 years ago, you couldn't find anyone that would even repair a LiON battery for a power tool
A potential $60,000 catastrophic failure when exposed to road debris and it is "protected" by thin plastic, rather than metal?
Why would anybody buy a Hyundai in the first place their cars are garbage
And people wonder why customers get attorneys.
For me is clear two things: first is to avoid Kia/Hyundai , questionable quality reputation, terrible dealerships… Second: you are not saving any money with electric cars with current technology (maybe exception is Tesla). Third: “Cheap” car never worth….. Stay away from Koreans….
Kyle's experience is the final nail in the coffin for my looking at an EV. Add to that the insurance nightmare, forget it. The market simply isn't ready...
Wow, Hyundai needs to fix that, no one can predict, much less always avoid a possible impact under the car. If the dealer wants to play this game, watch how fast they change, after enough buzz gets around it, and the driver shouldn't have been impacted that much by his Insurance company over something that clearly isn't his fault. This is why we need Consumer Protection laws in Canada, like the ones in the EU and Australia. If the battery warranty can be voided from a few scratches on the cover, imagine how many people are out of warranty for bad road conditions, or speed bumps that are bigger than the ground clearance of some of the EVs on the market.
LOL, happy to drive my ICE for next few years until EVs are affordable.
I hope this makes it clear for those looking to purchase a hybrid and or EV to make sure you read the fine print and definitely not buy a Hyundai.  Thank you for covering this.
this is asinine on so many levels and exactly why battery electric is way too new to be implemented on the level we are moving ⚡️
Thanks for this valuable information.
Pure EVs are the greatest scam of the last 100 years.
I see that Kyle has a Moe Howard haircut.  Long live the three stooges!  Some have told me that one almost has to be a stooge to buy an electric vehicle.
Not saying this is good or right, but when a technology is new it can be risky.  Anyone buying an EV knows that it isn't a good road car and battery replacement can be more than the car is worth.  Saw an electric car for sale with 65,000 miles and one must think about how soon it will need a new battery.  It's a whole new ballgame with EV's.
would've been a lot cooler with acdc 'highway to hell'
Here is the situation: the politians/government pushing the consumers to dump the gasoline powered cars and buy EVs by giving big tax incentives using tax payers' hard earn money.  This causes the demand for EV to go up, so the manufacturers ramp up their EV production and change their production strategy accordingly.  Not until recently, the consumers are starting to realize the pitfalls & true costs of owning an EV which is really not as ideal as they originally thought; now the demand for EV starts to go down and causing the EVs piling up on the dealers' lot and manufacturers losing big money now which is also hurting the economy.    I live in California and the government will stop the sale of new gasoline powered vehicles by 2035 which I think it's absurd.  The government should never tell you to buy or not to buy an EV or gasoline powered car.
no hyundai for me,  i guess no electric cars period then.  wow way to dangerous to purchase for avg consumer  cant afford that..... no way i take this chance..
I wonder if he can get the Federal and Provincial rebates if he gets another electric car.
I dont think $60,000 was big enough, try $100,000, now thats more of a headline grabber
Yep, in Quebec now EV insurance costs two times more then for a regular ICE. Dont save a single cents on fuel :(
Not all car dealerships are the same but this is another reason why dealing with a direct to consumer company like Telsa is better. Cut the middle-party and cost. I feel for Kyke but there is a few wholes in the story. If he feels that he didn't drive over anything, where did the damage come from then, and why did he need to take the car to be checked? About the insurance increase, always good to add replacement cost insurance so ICBC premium doesn't get impacted. I know it's an extra cost but this is the reality of ICBC, car cost, depreciation and insurance premium. For a 60k car, an extra 2/3k for replacement cost insurance for 5/6 years is good  peace of mind.
Just pay 61K, he had too much money that is why he bought the crap for 52K. GDP will grow at least .0000000001%  so just do it.
Hyundai Canada needs to step up to the fact that their process was inadequate and likely caused this guy significant damages.  If they care about their brand and doing what's right, they will give this guy a new car and 10 years worth of insurance uncharges.
Exactly the reason not buy an EV.
It seems like many car makers are getting into EV for boutique reason, push them out of the door and worry about the other stuff later. Sticking to my ICE Civic, simple to own, simple to maintain, proven reliability.
Yikes, no wonder everyone wants a Toyota, what a shame Hyundai and Kia
CONGRATULATIONS GUYS! I loved what you just did with this case. It is not that I don't believe in EV's, but after reading constantly about them and watching reports like the one you just did, I think we are still far for turning to EV's!!! Specially if problems like this are going to be and every day problem for buyers!
Now that is a crazy story, so much for trusting the dealership(stealership), they just wanted to make money off of this guy. Question, Motormouth, what brand of SUV are you two sitting in?
That type of road hazard is so common and having to total a car because of how new the technology is to a specific brand ie. ev. I rather not even consider ev from legacy brands not even teslas.
Ah, one of the totally unexpected joys of owning an electric vehicle.
Great story to tell! I would never buy a Hyundai EV or deal with this dealer. It’s common sense to remove the protection cover after the cover has been impacted. I think the battery life will a factor as the car ages but never need replacement. It will just limit the range.  But also as this technology evolves there will be a lower cost battery and secondary market of companies that do battery replacement. Thanks and great work!
Great topic,,,thank you so much for this incredible info,,I will never ever purchase an EV.
Evs being good for the environment is a joke.
I know a guy who hit a porcupine in one of these and his car was in the shop for like 6 months. I think it was at least covered under warranty though
Rule #1 for any ev buyer.  A lot of these dealerships have zero interest in servicing or helping you with your ev.  They see ev's as something that takes away from their revenue streams and potentially their jobs.  Always involve the head office with these types of things.  Rivian or Tesla probably best bets as they at least are interested in seeing ev's succeed.
Run run away from batterie cars period. Get a motorcycle you will be saving money and the environment too and be cool 😎
This is why Tesla will just grow and grow and grow. The dealers will always screw over the customer. ESPECIALLY with service. "DO NOT BUY NON-Tesla EVs!!!!!!!!!" You've been warned
60k is nothing your saving the planet remember.
Glad I drive a 2003 Camry.
Wow!!!  Thanks for sharing this gentleman’s experience.
I'm second guessing buying one now
Why is a road hazard considered as a bad driving record ? There are times when it's impossible to avoid debris unless you decide to crash your car to avoid it
Yeah story’s like this certainly scare me away from any electric car. I plan on getting a hybrid because of it. I know hybrid batteries are expensive but not crazy like this
Best video yet, well done great report. This should be an eye opener for all.
When the dealership said battery is impacted and the warranty is void. So can I understand as all  EV or maybe Hyundai/ KIA/ Genesis EV when the EV  is involved in an accident not necessarily to be very serious impact but maybe a 30km impact will most likely void the battery warranty as well. From the insurance company perspective an accident is accident.  In Ontario we buy a new vehicle depreciation protection so if the vehicle is total lost we can get the full purchase price within the first 5 years. I am not sure ICBC has the same or Kyle did not have the depreciation protection? By the way I own a Genesis GV60 and a Sonata hybrid before, Hyundai Canada is not very pleasant to deal with.
From Toronto Canada, recently CTV aired a story about a similar issue on a Hyundai Ioniq (sedan model), a 2017 model, used with 70k km when he bought it. One day his car stopped charging and the dealership quoted him for 50k to replace the battery. Outrageous! How can Hyundai keep getting away with this
That is really amazing that you tell us this story.
OMG DO NOT BUY ANOTHER HYUNDAI! GET A RAV4
This video will garner the most views and comments for MM! Well done. I just purchased a 2023 Hyundai Elantra hybrid. Happy with it. IMO if someone is buying a new EV they should get a written policy directly about the battery warranty and replacement from the manufacturer I think used EV sales will definitely suffer, who would want to touch one now? Last point: fast forward 5 years how many dedicated repair/replacement facilities will there be for EV batteries. I understand in USA there’s already after market Tesla battery repair facilities because using the dealerships it’s too expensive.
I discovered your channel when you reviewed the Range Rover Sport. The way you present and provide options, realibiabity data is really good. I worked in F&I for years and we sold a lot of extended warranty’s. Look at any of them and the premiums are unbelievable. Range Rover did pretty good for awhile when Ford had them. Just using Ford Wiring harness’s was huge for them. Air Suspension issues out of warranty will break you.
People shouldn’t be buying Hyundais! Also Hyundai needs to make sure their dealers know their processes. Finally people need to stay away from electric vehicles!
TBH, Hyundai can't even get it together to sell their "premium" Genesis brands in a dedicated Genesis dealer. What makes you think they have techs that are qualified to work on these extremely complex vehicles 🤷‍♂️
These electric cars just aren't going to work. They're trying to brainwash everybody into thinking that it's a good thing when it's not. It's just another money grab for these companies. Wake up people. Good job in getting it out there though guys
I remember just yesterday.... Wasn't like Prius 1st edition and till almost last one.. Like 8k for battery, even that is too much... But come on... 60k?? they are NUTS!!!
There is a big problem here and it's not only the way HYUNDAI handled this. I don't know Canadian insurance companies' practices, but him filing a claim, deciding how to handle it, and then telling him his insurance yearly costs are going to skyrocket, is just wrong. THIS would not happen here in the US! It's just not right and it should be addressed in the news media and the courts!
Sorry everyone is getting lost in the details of insurance, writing it off, etc. A simple man analysis is a car manufacturer adds up the cost of all the parts, R&D costs, factory labour, profit, dealer adds a wedge and that’s the cost in the showroom. What’s the cost of the battery in that process? $8,000? $20,000? It can’t be $60,000 because that means they got all the other parts from parts suppliers for free or the parts developed in house didn’t cost them anything. Well that’s ludicrous too.
Buyers of EVs need to know that the manufacturers are getting govt subsidies for making these cars, and they are only charging the customer about HALF of what it actually costs to produce the car. So if you're paying $50,000 for an EV, the actual cost to make it was around $100,000. This is why the battery can cost more than the car. It's because of the hidden subsidy.  BTW, this is on top of any tax break they may give to you as a buyer. The reality is that EVs are super expensive, and taxpayers are paying for all of these subsidies. It's corrupt.
Hyundai/Kia dealers and the manufacturers themselves have atrocious reputations for a reason. This is just another reason I will never buy either brand, regardless of whatever warranty they slap on their cars.
He was in a collision so it would be appropriate to go through insurance but this sounds like a scam. Does the car still drive? If yes, then I’d just drive it. The cover’s scratched….so what. FYI the battery’s $30K USD. If the insurance company receives the car, they can almost get their money back selling it at auction or on parts.
Ok that seals it, will never buy an Hyundai.
Wow.  I remember all the uproar about people having to pay $26K on a $100K+  Tesla Model S battery replacement.  This is just next level.
This issue needs to be spread worldwide. The price  of the battery and the shear waste of resources show a lack of forethought in the design and construction. Writing off is an easy copout for the manufacturer. The future insurance for electric cars is going to be so high...
This is just one more reason to not buy an EV in the US of any brand.  Insurance companies are turning the screws on EV owners, one minor crash and the battery has to be replaced at great expense, then there is the house fire potential if an EV or Hybrid is parked in the garage of a home.  Charging infrastructure is still a long ways away from being available and reliable for travel in an EV.  I think there will be another fuel solution that will put EV's on the side in the next few years.  In the mean time ICE it is.
EVs are still so new and the technology is going to continuously change over the next 10 or more years, I would wait before buying one. May have no issues or end up like this guy in the story. Most are not financially able to absorb this kind of impact. This is not the first story like this I've heard and then add in all the charging issues you read about (20% failure rate in the US), just don't see a reason to buy an EV right now when so many good gas powered vehicles available.
I think if you're going to call a part a "battery protection cover" it should protect the battery. If it doesn't that's a manufacturing defect. That means if some shop jacks up the car improperly, you could write off on of these cars? Ridiculous. We've all hit chunks of ice on the road, small animals etc. I can see them voiding the battery warranty for hitting a racoon. Ludicrous. Using a photograph depicting an inspection hole and the using the distance from the protection cover to the battery to conclude the battery was damaged is also disingenuous. Sounds to me like Hyundai were covering themselves from liability if anything happened in the future so it was easy to make the replacement cost prohibitive and forcing the insurance company to write the car off. They knew this would happen and it wouldn't cost Hyundai anything. Thanks for clarifying this to everyone. It makes it easy to take all Hyundai and Kia EV's off the list until they prove that are fair environmentalists. To me it's a safety issue for all EV's. If you happen to mark your battery protection cover you must immediately park it because it could explode any time? Time for the vehicle safety agencies to step in with regulations that guarantee these vehicles are safe to drive on our roads. I can see many top safety picks disappearing from their lists.
His biggest mistake was to trust the stealership 😂  Time for manufacturers to ditch the dealership model and go direct to consumer like Tesla and Apple
As electric cars become more popular, battery problems will only increase.
Thank you for reporting. After seeing this I am now hesitant to buy a Hyundai.
Had a Hyundai EV for 3 years then went back to gas.
The key takeaway is, if you have a major problem with your EV battery, contact a news organization or other media outlet so that they make a big fuss with the EV maker's PR. Otherwise, you are going to meet financial ruin.
Stay away from EVs
This just shows how unprepared manufacturers and, specially dealers, are to deal with EVs. I was an owner of two teslas in the past (no longer an EV owner) and I am not buying another EV anytime soon. The market is not ready for them yet.
Welcome to Scamnada. This is the second case i am hearing that the comunication with hyundai canada didnt take place prior to vehicle being written off. Amateur hour at the dealer level. Insurance company severly  punishing client for using the product they paid for is also insane.
Appreciate you guys looking out for the consumers! 👏🏻
All these horror stories are from Hyundai. I am definitely not going near that brand.
Excellent follow-up. I thank you, both!
Simple math guys, if you buy a hand power tool theses days in Canada, is it come with battery or more likely tools only? It's because the cost of Lithium battery is higher than the tool! If drive a car for 10 years than better to buy new one until new tech is developed. if you don't like it than buy other battery type cars. I know China makes cheaper type batterty car as well.
woke cars = broke owners  lol
We just bought a car and THIS is one of the reasons we stuck with gas only.  I’m in Ontario and had read that other story about costing 50k to replace the battery.  This may be a one off, or I guess a 2 off but why take a chance. There should be upfront information on what the replacement cost of batteries cost!
Is it any wonder people don't trust car dealers, makers, service centers, insurers, etc? I know your channel doesn't normally do consumer advocacy but please do more.
And.....this is the precise reason why I am not getting an electric car anytime soon.  The government will not mandate me on what to purchase and what to do.  I have a friend who is a mechanic at Hyundai told me that people think maintenance of an electric vehicle is low, but think again.  If it's still under warranty it doesn't hurt, but once the car is out of warranty, the majority of all electronic and battery components are in modules.  Modules can easily cost thousands and thousands of dollars to replace even if the faulty part is only a few dollars.
I hope Kyle did not purchase another Hyundia / Kia.
The recent COP in Dubai emphasises that fossil fuel is never going away. As you both say variants of hybrid cars will be the real deal. EV's are just not a viable option for many, well unless you get budget city EV's. Remains to see how this all plays out but there it is, this story highlights the hidden dangers of purchasing these types of cars!
Shouldn't the "protection cover"......oh, I dunno.....protect the battery?
They need to compensate Kyle regardless of where he gets his new vehicle from.😞😖😞
Yikes!  My gut feel is the dealer didn’t want the risk in saying “the battery is okay”.  Further, they probably applied their typical parts markup, and a 20k battery became 60k, without thinking about it.  This type of problem is likely the first case where a single part of the car could actually cost more than a new car. I’m in BC as well, and this is a big reason why I’m holding off on buying an EV.  Also the ICBC insurance rates for EVs, because of write-offs.  Thanks for conveying the story.
awesome reporting 👍
This is why you're gambling with your bank savings everytime you buy a used EV. Even if you do all the battery tests, it's really unpredictable how long (or how little) they will last, then cost more than the price of a new car to replace. Of course, the working poor will be the most heavily affected by this problem.
Well Kyle, how does it feel to be “trendy” now? Buy a Toyota or Lexus. Hyundai/Kia are KNOWN to find a way to wiggle out from their warranty. It’s like if your engine goes out at 99K miles, sure they’ll replace it, but YOU have to pay for the old one to be taken out and the new one put in, which will cost about $3K and by that time your car is worth less money.
Absolutely brutal incompetence from the Hyundai dealership! This raises multiple issues that will severely shake the confidence of potential EV consumers. This situation also shows how the interface of the dealership has caused more harm than benefit compared to dealing directly with the manufacturer. Thanks for raising the awareness and reinforcing why I’ll only be shopping for a Tesla in these early stages of EV adoption. 🇨🇦
Great job advocating for Kyle and other consumers that may be taken advantage of. Really happy to see this
This would not have happen in Quebec. My brother in law is a mechanic at Hyundai. He was trained in EV repairs along with other mechanics from Kia, Toyota, Ford etc in the same class. The training was subsidies by the provincial government. He would have been able to remove the cover and open the battery module for a proper diagnostic.
When I saw Kyle it was clear to me that the dealership wanted to take advantage of a young man.
This is it, the last straw, I will not even consider EV again.
Wow! I was seriously going to get a hybrid car next! Some experts said go gas due to long term liabilities. I will strongly consider a gas car until issues like this and charge stations are improved.
Had this vehicle is on the Lease, would have a different outcome?
That’s what you get for buying electric vehicles
Anyone thinking about buying ev’s should pause after watching this story. Definitely some risks involved with these purchases.
The Bible talks about Global Warming and the reason why. It’s NOT because of pollution. The Bible also says that in the last days that people will worship Creation more than the Creator.  So buying an EV so your carbon footprint is lower IS worshipping Creation more than the Creator, which is the Trinity.
U guys should mention the dealership so the idiots can be avoided.
What I've always said about Hyundai/Kia. Remember the Pony? The Excel? The 1.2billion $$$ settlement for engine fires???
Looks like some of Kyle’s personal information is visible on his invoice. Not safe. His identity should be protected also.
Dealing with the dealerships is bad enough for small issues, my father had to fight a year for a replacement engine under factory warranty for oil consumption, but raise the stakes to the cost of a new EV battery and these stories are heartbreaking and disastrous. I was an avid EV supporter until recent years; I'm now very convinced the auto industry is screwing this up! Thank you for covering Kyle's story.
The biggest lesson here isn’t whether or not you should buy an EV.  The lesson should be if you don’t get a favourable response from the dealer, go above them.  I’m sure if Kyle had gone to Hyundai, we wouldn’t be hearing this story.  Hyundai has already taken a beating in the news lately, the last thing they need is people being swayed from buying their more expensive vehicles.
So...need some advice...  Lexus ct200h or honda insight ?  What do you think is a better option
I’m definitely keep my V8. 🤣
That is a horror story for sure, and the dealership has messed up, causing Kyle huge stress and damaging Hyundai's image. However:  Firstly, a replacement battery should not be more than 15 or 20k.  Secondly, the battery management system should report whether there are any real problems with the battery. Talk of exploding is just fear-mongering. It completed the rest of Kyle's road trip without bursting into flames.  Thirdly, one has to consider the broader picture. Sure, EVs are damaged in accidents, just like ICE cars. ICE cars can need new engines, due to water ingestion or timing chain breakage or lubrication failure, and many other disasters. New engines can be eye-wateringly expensive, just like EV batteries, writing off older cars. It's a general risk of car ownership.
So does Hyundai lose money for every EV they sell? Sounds to me it's an issue with Hyundai overcharging (no pun intended) for the battery pack. Most Batteries I understand are $10000 to $20000. So charging $50+K  for a replacement is more the issue. I hope Hyundai sorts this out. Just makes me think maybe Toyota is right in it's slower approach and perfecting Hybrids first then going into EV's.
Says a lot about the brand!  Trash.
Thanks for sharing this. Sorry Kyle had to go through this. I wouldn't buy another EV. This is a scary story!
the bad publicity for Hyundai / KIA is going to cost them far more than $60k CAD. Thank you for this story, I was seriously considering buying an EV in 2024, this slapped me back to reality. One thing to also mention, ICBC cost for EV are on average 30% higher than gasoline equivalent due to expensive EV parts and difficulty sourcing. So if you don’t drive much, insurance could take away most of your gas savings anyways
Ford to produce half as many lightnings in 2024.  EV is a joke.
Hopefully this kills the push for EV's by at least a decade. They're moving way too fast.
The way they handled this just seems so suspicious; and it will cost this guy for years to come
Hyundai … we have a problem! Eye opener for potential EV buyers
I dodged a bullet! Fortunately, luck was on my side as I discovered the Ioniq 5 discount in my country late, but just in time to avoid buying one!
Will never buy an EV, they might have to pry my ICE vehicle from my hands before I even consider one.
What a mess! If the car is running fine, no warning lights, I’d probably take the chance and keep it. But I once drove a non-air conditioned dodge dart through Death Valley with 3 boxes of  fireworks inside after finding a sale at a roadside stand. I was much dumber at Kyle’s age. 😊
Well, that takes Hyundai and Kia off all my future shopping lists. I was considering a Ionique 5 or a Kia EV 6. No more. Good report.
Screw that .. Gas Power for me
Any new EV reviews would it be possible to get battery replacement cost as part of the vehicle  pricing details?
Are you actually going to save $60K in fuel costs?  Hell NO !
Yea I’m never buying an EV. It’s a scam
Hybrid is the solution.
I don’t know about Canada, but in the USA if you hit road debris, then the DOT (dept. of transportation), is responsible for the road debris, therefore it is the responsibility of the DOT to fix the problem or  / replace the damaged vehicle.
Kyle, buy a Toyota Hybrid for gas efficiency and batteries that do not catch fire.
Sounds like a major design flaw for all EV's if they can't install a strong enough battery cover.   Too much weight?   Too much cost?  After all, the cover is there to protect a 60K battery.   Hope Kyle comes to a good resolution.  Sad he was trying to help the environment and this to happen.
I hope people aren’t steer away from EV base on this one incident/vidoe but headline like these really not helping at all.  Dealership asking for $60k for a battery replacement is just showing how far behind traditional manufacturers are with EV.
This has given me seconds thoughts about the PHEV I purchased this past March.  This could be a game changing event for those considering an EV.
Kyle rolled over way too easily.  I had an issue with the dealership where I purchased my car and went straight to Mazda Canada.  Mazda Canada sorted it out and while I will never deal with that shady dealership ever again, I will still buy another Mazda.
HA!
Absolutely agree, that there shouldn't be a fight for each and every complaint..dealerships should be trained to handle these kinds of issues.
I love Zack eyebrow raise when Andrea mentioned people buy EVs to lower their emissions haha @7:15
The reason holding me back from buying an EV is the fact that service department at traditional car dealerships have absolutely no idea how to service and fix battery related issues. No thank you
So wait hang on a sec. A 2022 model needs a new battery already? Jeez. There was a news article about a guy who had a 2017 Ioniq electric and had to replace his battery. Hyundai quoted him with a 50k battery replacement. Its kinda crazy because these repairs and parts replacement cost more than the vehicles are worth. Its really crazy and I think a lot of people are seeing that they aren't affordable.
We need a long term follow up on this
Kia/Hyundai will break out the NCIS science teams to laser measure, inspect , dust for prints, check roadside cameras within a 50 mile radius of your home...whatever it takes to say your warranty is voided!
This just tells us ev batteries are non-serviceable once it is installed in the factory
After this video, I'll never buy an EV.
WOW! Great story. I just took delivery of a Lexus 350h. I saw on another Tube channel that the cost of the replacement battery for my new car was something like $3000. May be too soon to buy EV cars unless there are adequate warrantees from the dealer or manufacturer.
Good reporting 👍
Electric cars are not the future! We need alternative fuel.
Electric cars are just scrap metal. Insurance company will drop this guy at next renewal. Leason learned about this experiment. At least he was the coolest cat in the neighborhood for 5 min
The moral of the story is. When you feel like you are being ripped off, contact your favorite YouTuber.
Appreciate you guys shining a light on this. One of the most concerning parts of these stories is that the manufacturers don't seem to want to help until each story goes public. That needs to change.
Oh boy! That’s a real headache! I feel blame on dealership because I kept hearing more and more in Toronto area has the same problem. One of previous problem was interesting was he bought use ev vehicle and the battery died after a year he bought and dealer told him he out of the warranty which is not true and will cost him $22,000 to replace the battery. So he contacted Hyundai and I don’t remember what happened after that. That’s a sad situation about numbers of issues on Electric vehicles. Thanks for sharing Andrea!
Feels like the dealership doesn't have technicians that are highly knowledgeable and skilled to make a proper diagnosis. So, it's easier for them to have an indicator that they can show to the customer that the battery needs replacement without inspecting the condition of the battery.
Nice work guys, crazy story.
Lots of people with EVs are going to find out the hard way just how expensive their batteries are.
Are we sure the numbers are right?  List is 6649.98, Net is 6649.89 but the amount is 56649.98..  Where did the 5 suddenly come from?
Thank you for reporting the real life situations people are facing with their EVs.
Hyundai must recall this car model, reimburse the owner for the full amount he paid, inform ICBC that the car was at fault, not the driver and that the model has been recalled. Anything less is the death nell for Hyundai EV's sales in North America. Wait till Scotty see this, and he will.
The Hyundai IONIQ 5 is nice and feature packed but I would wait at least 10-15 years before buying one. Wait until they iron out the problems. Hyundai /Kia aren’t to blame for this, they’re not the only ones selling expensive electric cars with expensive battery costs.  You can’t blame the automaker for electric cars, they’re still too new and haven’t been around long enough to judge.  But Hyundai does stand behind their products for their ICE cars.  And don’t believe anything the government says about EV incentives. It’s a load of nonsense. I never take the government seriously 😂
I don't know what dealers are like in Canada but in good old USA we have good and bad, and it seems like Kyle may have got a bad one. Another reason I don't see EV' s taking over the world. By the way love your show.
So, the government wants to shove EVs down our throats.  So, the governement wants to shove "Net Zero" down our throats.  So, the government wants to shove "carbon tax" down our throats.  So, COP 28 wants to shove the elimination of fossil fuels down our throats.  "Save the planet" so nobody can afford to live in it.  You think homelessness and poverty is an issue now?  Just wait till the government finishes with us. 1. EVs will either ........... a) crash the grid and/or b) as alternative electricity costs sky rocket, become too expensive to charge. 2. Net Zero will kill our way of life and put us all into DEEP debt. 3. Carbon tax ......... What are they doing with that money?  Goes into general coffers. 4. COP 28 .......... Find a clue.  You don't have one yet. 5. PS. I wouldn't buy a Hyundai with Zak's money.
Buy a gas Toyota non hybrid drive conservative it's very hard to make up the savings you would get on a ev
The poor owner is still screwed over, that’s what I get out of this.  I was thinking of getting a Hyundai as my next car, but if this is an example of their service, despite their knowledge of the situation, it is not enough for the Mr Hsu.  He’s still left holding the bag.  Caveat emptor.
After listening to this it brings insurance rates to my mind, are EVs more expensive to insure because of repairs if in an accident?
Hyundai is crap as a company. Electric cars are a joke. Hybrids are way to go
What a nightmare!
This has stopped me from buying an EV. Thanks for the clarity.
As if I didn't have enough reservations about buying an EV, ANY EV, I definitely won't be considering one any time soon, and likely will NEVER consider a Hyundai!  YIKES!
Greatly thank you for speaking up on this story! My respect for your channel!
We think EV sales are down now? This story and others will set the EV biz back years. The HQ’s of auto companies need to address this issue immediately and Hyundai needs to give this kid a car. The anti EV vloggers/bloggers will have a field day with this story.
I understand that the cost of battery replacement is too high but I don’t understand why his insurance going up is unfair. He did hit something. Therefore, he’s at fault regardless of the amount of damages.  The only exception (in the US anyway) would be if the object he hit was in motion at the time of the impact.  That would then be considered a comprehensive claim and would not be considered an at fault accident.
The biggest issue with all of these things is the dealers have not been schooled on what to do.  Typical of all OEM dealerships from every brand. The dealer just saw some "$"s with ability to sell a high priced part without really doing anything.  Insurance should have accessed the manufacturer before decision for write off.  Somebody is going to get a great Ionic battery from auction to use for some other action while the driver is left holding a long term cost.    Wonder how much the fact BC has a mandatory provincial insurance plan is a factor in this.
People need to know this. Share this with your friends and family everyone. People paying money out of their pockets should be treated better by businesses and insurance companies. It's just crazy how Kyle is being treated. Kyle should get a new car, and the insurance agency should treat him better.  Thank you Zack and Andrea, you're doing good here. M
Wow, just wow ..
Big respect for you guys to give a spotlight of this issue.
Id never buy an EV or a Hyundai ever again my advice is buy a nice Toyota Hybrid.
Don’t buy an electric car.
Yikes. This sounds like a real flaw in the design of the battery protection cover. Crossing Hyundai off my EV shopping list.
This is terrifying and should give chills to anyone driving one of these. Thanks for your reporting!
Remind me of my Honda Accord transmission went out 200 miles outside of warranty, I had to eat up the cost but luckily it was only $2500 at the time.  Hearing this story, however rare it might be, I wouldn't want to be in his shoes with buying an electric car. The roads in the U.S are full of pot holes, roadkills and road debris, chances to damage under carriage is pretty high.
Oh wow that’s crazyyy!!!! And made me 2nd think like is it because he looks so young? Because I’ve noticed older people treat younger people like we have more money than them💀………yeah a 2022 car shouldn’t be already trashed, just from a scratch! Like it’s just the cover But thank you for sharing Kyle story! So crazyyyyy when someone with views post about it then that’s when the dealership really does somethinggggg like it shouldn’t be like that.  People are so money hungry I mean I gettt ittttt but it’s like don’t you feel bad breaking someone’s account 🤣 just EV things.  It’s all a learning process still 💯
Was seriously looking into buying an EV next year. Now I have second thoughts. Thank you so much for educating all of us.
Life on the bleeding edge is rarely cost-effective.
So the battery unit itself is worth more than the ENTIRE car was when it was brand new (!?!). Tell me what's wrong with this picture. Utter ridiculousness. No way I'd buy a Hyundai or Kia (or any other EV) if that's the sort of replacement costs for ONE PART that will wind up totaling the car itself and wind up ruining the car owner's insurance score. Road hazards happen. If Hyundai is incapable of providing an adequate shield or skid plate to PROTECT such a vulnerable part for such an apparently minor incident, then they're obviously not a car company whose products are worth considering. It's bad enough already that their past products are so vulnerable to theft by simple devices like a thumb drive or USB cable...and now this debacle.
I really want to find out which dealership bought his "salvage" car and how they "re-certified" the batter pack
12k for a tesla battery
No, this isn't just Hyundai. I've seen news and other yt videos regarding extremely high battery replacement costs on other mfrs. Due to this, I've decided not to buy an EV vehicle (in Cal. it costs more to charge than buying gas at the pump). My plan is to buy hybrid or maybe even a PHEV. Yes, I know they also have batteries but not enough to cost more than your vehicle after a year of use.
This right here is just one of many reasons why I don’t want any part of an EV
Which dealership was that ?
The car manufacturers needs to do away with EVs.
That’s terrible! Avoid Hyundai! Damn.
Car insurance is the biggest racket there is. People who did nothing wrong, but still have to do with higher insurance rates still make no sense to me. I'm in a position where I don't want to fix my car because of this.
Refuse to buy it is the best way to tell them do not do this kind absurd things.
Fantastic reporting. You have been more than fair with both sides of the issue. My takeaway is that it is just too soon for working people to get involved in full battery EVs as the car is worthless if anything is to happen to it and who the heck will buy it used is a battery needs to be replaced in 8 to 10 years? Government is pushing something that is not well thought out! Toyota seems to have the better solution with hybrids  so if the battery konks out the gas engine will save the day!  Yes the technology is not ready yet so do not be the beta tester.
While I appreciate the information about the battery replacement, this is a rare situation.   There’s no reason to overreact to something like this.   I hope the owner gets more resolution.
EV? I'll pass. We're not there yet by a mile......smh
I've helped family to buy new cars and Hyundai consistently is the worst buying experience and post sale the worst service experience with constant surprises nearly new cars(first service) far higher than the norm.  People need to wake up and stop buying this brand.  It can't be a coincidence that the buying and service experience at Hyundai dealers is the worst in the industry.
My takeaway from this story: The Hyundai/Kia/Genesis line of EVs is no longer on my list of potential EVs when I purchase one.
One of the reasons I am not ready to go EV yet.  I'd much rather wait until the next generation of batteries come out and all the kinks are worked out.
Are we just going to pretend that anyone paying $55,000 for a Hyundai is not grounds for someone to be admitted to an institution?
Voiding a warranty because of some damage to the battery cover seems analogous to voiding your a engine/transmission warranty if your truck’s skid plates get scratched. Do we need battery cover covers now?
Hyundai's dealers are a sorry lot. How many Hyundai horror stories are we going to hear this year on these replacements before the marketing side of Hyundai wakes up and realizes how bad this is making them look. This is the 3rd story like this in the last few months. Easy fix for me. Will simply not buy a Hyundai or Kia going forward. Which is too bad because my current Kia has been a good vehicle for 10 years, but then, I haven't had to deal with the dealers, thankfully.  And by the way, this applies to hybrids and plug-in hybrids too. At least from Hyundai. Lastly, I myself was very motivated to look at an EV, but I live in Alberta. It wouldn't have lasted a week without someone damaging it here. I wouldn't touch any hybrid except Toyota. They've been in the game for years.
Another reason to stay away from ev's.  The whole issue with cost, range anxiety , lack of infrastructure and cold weather issues I will stay with my I.c.e. vehicle for as long as I can.
lol Hyundai should give a free second handed fairly new car to this poor boy. Obviously that dealer shop is trying to scam for money.
If the protection cover was removed and the battery was inspected, even if the battery looked perfect, I suppose it's still possible that the impact was transmitted through the protection cover and into the battery causing some kind of internal damage. What I'm trying to say is that even if the battery *looked* perfect, it could still be damaged, and might be a fire hazard down the road, hence the insistence on replacing the battery. I still think the dealership should have removed the protective cover and looked, but then who pays for that labor (I don't know how difficult it is to remove that cover)?
Why is the list price of the battery $6,649.98 but the dealer is charging $56,649.98? Seems like the dealer added a 5 in front for a markup??
$60K can buy you a nice 997
Any comments from Tesla owners?
this another bad look for the company especially since the Kia boys and now the EV problem/Battery Solution...
For some, comparison to   internal combustion engines , Remanufactured Engine: Remanufactured engines tend to be more expensive but are often more reliable. They can range from $2,000 to $5,000 or more. New Engine: Installing a brand new engine is the costliest option and can range from $3,000 to $7,000 or even higher.Oct 25, 2023
Make Hyundai famous with this video. Only way to fight these nonsense
This is why you don’t buy electric cars until I am forced to get one I will always stick with fuel!…electric cars DO NOT save money they are so expensive it would take years to see ANY savings!….I also have to say Kia & Hyundai are horrible to deal with !
What will your take be on a plug-in-Hybrid? I understand it has a smaller battery but if it could be a better way or a strategy to go with than switching to a full EV. Example Mitsubishi provides great warranties.
I cannot imagine going through a situation like this...That's nightmarish: Hyperbolically Hellacious
This kind of service is what you should expect before buying any korean vehicles, kia, hyundai
If it is not under warrantee and can go third party. I bet Hyundai will make it right and likely slap the dealers hand behind the scenes.
What would you rather have, thermal run away that burns down your house.  EVs are not the answer
No ev for me , especially Hyundai 😅
Crazy, just get a Tesla 3
Toyota and OEM's are paying big money to slow down ev's explosion On the other hand Tesla pay no marketing ....  How come you don't make big case of a lot of issues of OEM's cars with no guaraties covering
Now can you understand why people don’t want to go anywhere near hybrids and EV’s because of bullshit like this. The dealer can see you coming a mile away, so bend over and take it up the tailpipe.
This is a PR disaster for Hyundai Canada, if any potential buyers learn about this information that a battery replacement costs more than the new car, and "damage" to the protection cover can void your warranty, NO ONE would proceed to buy EVs from Hyundai. It is understandable that batteries are expensive to replace, but unacceptable that it costs more than the car itself.
EVs are a scam.
Reminds me of ink for my printer...............and sadly the reason I just replace my printer when the ink runs out
I think Kyle should go back to ICE. I’m recommending a Toyota Tacoma and definitely the manual gearbox.
KIA/Hyundai gets away with claiming 10 year warranty as a selling point but have a clear reputation for voiding warranties for the most unreasonable things.
Also, the worry that the battery will combust and burn down your house, much like children’s hover boards did, is a real concern. I suspect that the reason for the entire cargo ship of cars burning while at sea in 2022 was caused by an EV combusting.
I had to sell my ioniq 5 (Irish) I did around 15000kms every two months and to keep my warranty I had to get it serviced and pay a minimum €500 every two months the dealer. Within two months of ownership wanted to replace my windscreen wipers and filter I had my brakes cleaned so that they would work well. After my last service the car was constantly overheating and causing car chargers to over heat. Home chargers don't have the same cooling abilities which meant that the car wasnt charging overnight. The car also required a minimum of 80% to drive 237km projected range of 530 so was getting very little range. I now have a tesla wasn't my preference but less than 60% of a battery of the same size battery does the same daily drive as the hyundai rarely did.
And this is why EV's are a scam!!!
It’s a Hyundai/KIA. Time to stop pushing this brand. Youtubers need to shift.
I.C.E.  I.C.E Baby
I got a quote from GM to replace a hybrid battery on a 2015 Volt with 120k miles. The quote (including labor)? $23k American!!
Bwahahahahaha 😄  In the year 2125 they will probably ask themselves why the ev bubble burst 100 years ago, like again.😂
That's what happens when the government pushes the agenda of electrical vehicles down the consumers' throats.
My guess is that since batteries are pris ces in large quantities during the production of the car, the costs are baked in and hence the car is cheaper. Once you have to replace the entire battery, it becomes an individual cost and hence more expensive. This is why you don’t promote and incentives EVs. Customers always get the raw end of the deal.
Just took possibly getting this car off my list.
This is so bad
Its a Hyundai for petes sake ! 😂😂😂
This reminds me of the 80v Kobalt batteries for my power tools. The batteries cost more than the tool itself! Might as well buy a 2nd tool since they come with batteries anyway. Insane!
