*VIDEO PATCH NOTES 1.01* As of Patch 1.14...  → Bayle's Flame Lightning's attack power has been upped from 250/190/250 (Phys/Fire/Lght) to 280/220/280. This is a relatively small change in the grand scheme and likely does nothing to change its position on this list. ( #13 )  *Upward Adjustments:* → Rellana's Twin Moons has a bigger attack range on the first and second attacks. The second attack has a lower knockback value, presumably to line up enemies more comfortably for the final slam. This will likely result in more consistent damage. ( #22 → #21 ) → Midra's Flame of Frenzy now has increased attack speed, but noticeably decreased status buildup speed, making it harder to proc the talisman. This is ultimately a net positive, but Aged One builds might need to work a little harder. ( #20 → #19) → Rotten Butterflies dealt more status buildup than I thought it did in 1.13 previously, but the nature of what the list is kinda fucks it over. I will concede that it's not the worst remembrance item, but being better than Scarlet Aeonia is not a high bar, as the incantation still leaves much to be desired in both the hyperarmor and the FP efficiency department.  *New placements:* #23 - Light of Miquella #22 - Rotten Butterflies #21 - Rellana's Twin Moons #20 - Land of Shadow #19 - Midra's Flame of Frenzy  Everything else remains unchanged.
9:12 6 7 …
is the pre or post Rot Butterflies buffed? Im about to replay Shadow DLC again for the Butterflies.
The only good thing rotten butterflies are good for is getting the barnicals off of mausoleums and there are still better ways to do that
What is the Godfrey problem?
9:11 to point six- what????
Twin moons is a fairly bad spell,but as a pure caster I specifically like it for Leta's gank team. Once you get the first one off, you can keep them flattened as long as you have fp.
*Black Hole Sun-*
For anyone who is currently trying to kill Consort Radhan, the Romina’a butterflies is excellent at draining his health. As soon as you enter the arena, cast the spell, wait for him to make the spiral attack and he will land directly on the rot. It will consistently make damage, and will stop as soon as he enters second phase. Honestly, there is not a consistent moment where you can cast the spell again at this phase. Although, if you are able to get behind him when Miquella makes the holy explosion, you might find a window of opportunity
I actually learned something from this one most the time I can't find videos that help me understand so thank you
putting rotton butterflyins in last is crazy, not only is it great against tarnished npc becase it staggers them if they try to attack you when you at the begining of the spell, it also insta procs rot to any boss or enemy, you just need to use it when the time is right (staggers, or when the boss it recovering from a slow attack)
“you thought you could throw this weapon like a boomerang like the boss, bitch you become the boomerang” 😂😂😂😂
This is how I would some what save Rahdans great swords, make it a non somber weapon but you can only change between the two ashes of war  or just make it an ash of war
What's the music at the very end?
Rot butterflies lowkey underrated
bro you are noob stop make tops
The decision to give the Greatsword Of Damnation split physical/holy damage makes no sense. I mean, Frenzied Flame is the antithesis of the Two Fingers. There is literally nothing "Holy" about the Flame Of Frenzy, so why the decided to give it holy damage blows my mind. It should have just been straight up physical damage (standard/pierce) with both bleed build-up (30 or 35) and madness build-up (in the 50-60 range) with the AoW delivering much higher build-up of both bleed and madness. Don't get me wrong, I freaking love that greatsword. But the Holy damage makes no damned sense imo.
#18  Or fry my sensitive ass eyes out.
I just realized, but why in the mother of hell did fromsoft just not make both Radahn swords work the same with their skills? They had it all right with Sword of Night and flame and then Rellana's twin blades! just tie one to the Skill + heavy and the other the normal skill. What, did the office workers forget their own shitbiscuts and still said "Well we cant just give them everything!", but then the did try to give us everything in the form of 2 different swords.
I personally really like Bayles flame lightning. Ended up doing 7500 dmg against literally anything with it the first time I got it. Such a cool looking incantation.
why the fuck did i laughed so much at the intro joke
The first 2 ones have very niche use. Like Divine Dancing LIon spin breath attack or Renala's moon. It's a stylish way to counter them. However getting Rotten Butterflies before Divine D Lion is kinda dumb... It's also really funny that the best use of Rellana's Twin Moons is to counter Rellana's Twin Moons... which require killing her in the first place xD. They do have style points thoughj
Strong point that all the flashy skills fundamentally change the game away from the souls genre, not to mention there is a point where weapon size just becomes laughable in the worst way.   Something something holy fleshlight greathammer
Who in here ordered a yappachino
7:25 Friede is that you????
A skill dealing LESS dmg than two light attacks against anything smaller than a dragon sure is something (Sword of Radahn: Light).
Okay, I know Light of Miquella is subpar. I know that.  But I love it. I love smiting groups of nobodies with a satellite cannon.
Sorry, should the twin swords not be higher? Are they not a direct upgrade to the Night Flame Sword?
I love bayles flame lightning dont ever see anybody use it though i guess cause the arcane lvl, im at 89 arcane and it hits hard
13:44 best part of the video, imo. Gonna have to use that sometime
What is the set at 10:28?
They could have made the Consort Radahn separate weapon versions a stance ash so you could have both attacks on one weapon
The depths of your foolishness 😒
5:50 wait, what item is that?
What armor is that at 6:45?
the fact Radahns swords are split between 2 options is really just silly. We literally have a talisman for boosting attacks held in a stance, why its 2 different swords instead of 1 with a stance is beyond me
Summary: the cooler the spell the worse it probably is
ROTTEN BUTTERFLIES IS BUSTED FOR CONSORT RADAHN. I USED IT AT THE MASSIVE HOLY NUKE AT THE BEGINNING OF SECOND PHASE AND IT ROTTED HIM IMMEDIATELY, I WOULD NOT HAVE BEATEN IT WITHOUT IT. DONT CRAP ON MY BUTTERFLIES.
Rotten butterflies is not for the weak lmao 😂 even if you get interrupted it still works as long as you character is flowing your golden it's not even a sec either or maybe a sec
Just because you're bad at Elden Ring, even with cheats, doesn't mean Rotten Butterflies is bad. If even 2 butterflies hit Messmer he gets rotted in co-op. I just tested it today as of March 3rd 2025. You're becoming more snd more of a meme channel by having cheat tables and mods and STILL being wrong wnd stupid somehow.
So something I have to wonder. So storm stomp can theoretically be boosted by a comical array of a helm, 3 talismans, and legs. But it's not meant to do damage so it's not that relevant.... BUT!  theoretically there is another ash that MAY get the same benefits.... Maybe.... Storm kick. It is CALLED a kick so the stone talisman and the bird legs may buff it. But.... You also use the weapon in your hand so..... Like.... Maybe it could make that ash work.
I will say rotten butterfly has good use but it's best to go in willing to either trade a blow or to use it point blank to flinch low poise enemies. It confirms rot on basically everything once the butterflies spawn half way through the cast and dose ok damage.  I will note that despite the aoe it's risky against crowds unless you run endure which is honestly not bad. It's much better against bosses than crowds in the end.
0:22 bro wtf was that noise XD
You live in wichita?
8:41 yeah I get like 6k outta that thing
So you're adam west too? Crazy
Im always so pleasantly surprised when i notice the final fantasy 10 music in the background of a section
Well... I DID beat radahn with the rotten butterflies on my faith build...
staff of the great beyond is the gideon ofnir staff since you can just cast whatever
rotten butterflies is not that bad
‏‪5:23‬‏ what is that ash of war
bro the intro 😂
Shame the putrescent remeberance is from the most aggravating boss ever
lol bitchita Kansas, is that near  crabstown I mean cowtown.
Eh Rusty,  did you mention that fire resets frostbite? And I'm waiting for lies of P
I really don't understand why it takes an entire overhaul mod to this game for us to get a Rot Armament incantation. Like WHY is that NOWHERE in the game OR DLC?
how the  hell is mesmmers orb ranked above the sunflower. thesunflower is a lot better
i'm still so pissed metyr's remembrance didn't have the fucking GAMMA RAY BURST ATTACK as a sorcery or incant
Wow I did NOT expect to suddenly hear Piano Black play as bgm! The seatbelts rule.
I was reading the comment saying it caused his PC to crash after Rusty stared into the camera saying wakeup around Bayle's talon, then my fucking phone shutoff and rebooted goddamnit
Hay I live 40min away
"What did all that scarlet rot fatten up his fuckin swords too?" Yes. Yes it actually did. If you look at the starscourge greatsword and either of the dlc radahn greatswords the starscourge is literally fatter and slightly smaller.
I get shitting on rotten butterflies since yeah, you will get hit out of them every time, but they arent really meant for normal enemies... they are meant for bosses... and they fucking shit on those, i have never not got a proc with 1 use unless the boss runs to the other side of the arena, and that usually means i get like 15k dmg from a single cast in singleplayer, i play eith friends, meaning im doing more like 28k... from 1 spell... its fucking rediculous...
this is one of the worst lists I have ever seen. Putting that god forsaken spear in #2 is crime
Keep Moore and make him the assistant head coach. He fits perfectly here in Philly. We need to keep him
Genuinely never heard of anyone more painfully unfunny while just trying so incredibly hard. Actual redditor script
Considering the fact you're supposed to be level 150+ the bosses drop such bad amount of runes sometimes i can't even get 1 level after beating the boss
The staff reminds me of the Staff of Dreams from Tak 2
LOVE THE KANSAS REF LOLLL
Elden Beast: Great Remembrance rewards, shit boss Consort Radahn: Shit Remembrance rewards, great boss  Truly a Michael Zaki moment
Listen, I'm hearing you about the negatives of rotten butterflies, but hear me out, it's girlypop
I like to disrespect remembrances I don't like by just consuming them for an amount of runes that doesn't accomplish anything except maybe buying a couple somber stones.
Lol lest than five
The neversoft staff wins.
2:55 armor?!??
Limmy is in the video.  Video is legit
Pls someone tell me the name of the ost in the background of the video
Pretty sure that intro was a Family Guy scene. Hehe
I disagree with the twin moons rating. It is absolutely fantastic for clearing out normal enemy groups, including dlc ones. Its not the _best_ for bosses but its okay for slower ones. Like the furnace golems as you mentioned.  It deserved a middle lower ranking not a second worst, at least
13:41 and for some reason it’s very short compared to the boss if it was longer, it would be 10 times as cool
That’s a fucking family guy gag at the start! And I’m high enough that I giggled 🤭
Bitchita, Ks is what I call that city too
Best weapon by far is golden halberd. Early game weapon carries you through the whole game, just dont get hit
I love how every single dlc remembrance weapon is better than the spell counterpart
wich armor set is the 10:35 are u wearing?
relanna's weapon still doesn't feel as good to use as the sword of night and flame,, even after 1.14, and i feel like the fire damage still does a lot more work than the magic damage for both weapons. I would've preferred a weapon self-buff, like her phase transition animation, with light attacks throwing out the magic arcs and heavy attacks throwing out fire, or vice-versa. the melee move set of the dual lgs's is fun, but the fact that you can't block with them is a missed opportunity. i imagine the ultimate anime moment of using it with the perfect guard tear and the guard-counter with the self buff active being an automatic crit using the crossed swords dual impaling animation  i hate the consort rememberance swords. i like that they gave int users some viable holy damage options, but why couldn't we have gotten something gravity based as well? he's clearly using the curved swords as his spell catalyst in both fights. making a set of curved swords that was also a spell catalyst that increased gravity magic damage, stacking with meteorite staff, that scaled off str and int would've been a huge W.  staff of the great beyond is fun as hell. having so many mechanics to stack together without having to switch catalysts is amazing, especially for higher NG+ cycles. debuff with ranni's dark moon, proc frost if it's not on them already, stack poison and rot, reset with black flame . . . it's simply absurd.  if they want us to care about dex on caster builds, they needed to introduce a catalyst that scaled off it.  sunflower is bestest bonk. prove me wrong
I fuckin love that sunflower man idc if the dlc was just that take my money
The fact that one of the best new weapons is a WILTED SUNFLOWER ON A STICK is so funny
I think the gazing finger is placed too low on this list, but otherwise I pretty much agree with the rest of them.
Idea a sword that is a catalyst and is can do incantations and sorcerys
Messmers orb is way worse than light of miquella or rellana's twin moons
I wanted a seal variant of the staff
Radahn's swords should have been regular curved swords. The way he swings those blades has him dancing. Why can't we dance like that?
The Greatsword of Radahn (Lord) version should've done gravity shits. Why do we get 3 Remembrance loots, but NONE of them is linked to gravity ? THE ENTIRE FIRST PHASE IS GRAVITY AND PHYSICAL ATTACKS ONLY
Rellana's twin blades "if ya crush the remembrance for the runes I can't in good faith say you are missing out on anythinf" Ah yes rusty not missing out on anything....except one of only like 4 AT BEST good int/fth weapons. It's not that the scaling isn't high it's that it has ANY scaling. Also no none of the int/fth casting tools count since they only have a BONK i dont consider that a weapon and neither should you unless you personally wanna make a staff bonking challangr run.
imagine if we had staffs that were actually large (think "great stave") and we could swing them like lacrosse sticks to get more range and power at the cost of speed and wands were weaker shorter range but faster. man...
Every time i beat a remembrance boss i always come back to this video to see which reward is best, or if any of them are even good or if i should just crush it in my had for the runes. This time it’s midra
Great intro
Oh shit I live in Bitchita KS too
What…THAT catalyst gets #1? 😂😂😂 Ok 👌 My character played from launch and definitely blew way past Reddit’s ApPrOvEd mEtA bUiLd approximately a month after launch. There’s a lot of us who don’t look to that sad forum for approval on how to play a game, so we leveled to max or to the 500’s to wear and use what we want without 90 larval tears in storage. If you’re using PoD staff and have the stats for it, then that lame catalyst can sit and collect dust. It’s lame.   Definitely NOT #1 just to free up a slot 😂 Anyone mains magic uses two catalysts anyway: the offhand buff catalyst and the one you cast with; making this argument that convenience puts this boss remembrance at #1 absolutely in the garbage bin.
13:50 Oh neat. I grew up in Maize. Bitchitaw pretty much sums it up lol 😅
This opening made me follow you, you’re too funny
Audio dies 15:43
12:21 maybe it did, because the star scourge great swords are noticeably thicker then both types of great swords of Radahn
Spear of the impaler being Top 1 Is a crime, The capability of doing 40k without the scadutree blessings is crazy
How do you get the armor that he uses ik the headpiece is miqullas but whats the chest piece and leg armor
Butterflies can onecast rot radahn in phase 2, it takes some patience or observation haki for it to work, but it feels so much better than just using breath or spending 3 slots on scarlet aeonia   And light of miquella is a good faith snipe aoe for ng+ and beyond, it's got a really long range and sends mooks it doesn't oneshot flying
You worng
sword of damnation would be so much better if it was a light great sword and did frenzy
this man is the goat of making intros
So I had a “son of rot build” (basically playing like Millicent’s sisters but with rot incantations) and it felt really awesome having the new spell tbh because even if you get knocked out of it the butterflies still explode giving at least something rot
A minute in and the first time I've had a major disagreement with Rusty (granted I only have first hand experience with about 25% of everything in Elden Ring) but when it comes to rotten butterflies,  while the cast time is long, it stuns smaller enemies with the start up tornado and covers a large enough area that most quick bosses can jump themselves back  into it before they explode, and you barely need to hit an enemy with it to proc rot. Two casts was all it took to rot Melania phase one and one well placed one rots Promised Consort. Given the AOE on a charged attack it's really not that hard to predict an enemy's movement, especially high aggro melee and large enemies like dragons. I'll admit it took me about an hour of slamming my head against a wall learning it but the payoff was well worth it.
Rusty your tempo and dialogue are top notch. Thanks man, when I need another spoonful of the sauce, you're always there.
I've found somber weapons except the dragon hunter katana to be shit. You can't use a lot of the ashes of wars without taking boss damage and normal weapons at +25 and the right affinity generally do more bleed or frost build up, and the versatility to swap affinities and ashes of war is excellent. That's why videos like this are dumb because a basic spear is better than all the somber crap lol
Poleblade of the bud go crazy idk what I did to make it do so but it do
18:33 Loathe as I am to admit that DS2 did anything right, it actually did this well. We could have catalysts that can do miracles and sorceries but limit which specific groups of spells we have access to. I'm 95% certain that Elden Ring even has the exact same coding for it that DS2 did, FromSoft just elected not to use it.
Sux lol i like the blue balls and butterflies but yeah they suuuck lol
Love the Family Guy gag at the start.
Even if it was a 50% damage boost i will just use the incant scarab as my helmet on any faith playtrough cause -15% fp cost is way to good to pass up on
Keep in mind while Rellana's scales better with physical attributes you'd basically be sacrificing the weapon art for a little more pure phys damage over two elements.
Rot not scaling with Arcane is pretty absurd. It's literally an outer god's influence. Compared to a perfume bottle with a poison in it.
You’re funny lol. I find your stuff informative as well, so subbed. Thanks for the entertainment!
omg we live in the same city
I didn’t like messmers spear😅 I’m def using it wrong 😂
10:10 LMAOOOOOOOO
the place of the Radahn swords should definitely be changed, the others need to get their combo off to effectively do some damage, while the light version is a one and done deal, much more convenient to use, while also dealing ok damage
I love Staff of the Great Beyond, being a fth/int caster main, I just kinda wish it had a different visual for casting incantations so it didn't look so goofy, like shrinking down to just a microcosm in your hand so I can cast dragon communion spells without looking like I glued the damn thing to my hand
15:40 - The audio gets lower for some reason, that is all.
Bro is anti gay.  The butterflies is awesome
Disagree with Renalla's Twinblade — if you use it with Renalla's Cameo, you can delete enemy players and deal heavy damage to bosses.   As for Swordlance — it's Ash of War performs soooo much better on other weapons. And yes, IT IS AN ACTUAL ASH OF WAR, NOT A UNIQUE SKILL.  However, to be fair, Swordlance is amazing with shields, especially if you use  certain ashes.
You know now thinking about it it’s insane you can make a viable sword of night and flame and staff of the great beyond build
what is that vampire looking armor your wearing at 2:57?
9:01 the ffx trials music 🫡
Hi, I have a very old computer, and only your videos allow me to see the gameplay of a game I would really like to play. Thank you for your work! By the way, have you heard about the cloud gaming service Boosteroid? I would really love to see a review of it from you!
You can create a cloud of high damaging skills and use it as a smoke screen for your weapon now.
9:32 is that final fantasy X song !!!😮😮😮
But i… i like the twins moons🥲 i use it and it does good damage
10:30 What armour set is that please?
My seven year old Xbox could do the final boss fight just fine so i don’t know what you guys are complaining about
Are you going to move over to monater hunter wild next year? It will be the hype for at least 6 months, AT LEAST.
Rusty try using divine bird feathers with blue dew talisman it fires infinitly
Nice intro
I'm glad I'm not the only one who loves Messmer's spear. I went through the base game and the entire DLC using almost nothing but the Godslayer Greatsword, a weapon my incredible love for cannot be overstated - and Messmer's spear was the only thing to convince me to touch another weapon.
Light of miquella is great in  pvp but for trades, basically get your opponent to come up really close and the hyper armor will allow you to trade with them, plus you can normally get a hit or two in during the confusion of the second stream of light down.
I'm waiting for the DLC summons tier list. #1 is horned warrior btw he's literally him
53 f*cking Arcane for Bayle incantation and the guy laying on the ground had me on the floor 😂
Haven’t gotten to play the DLC yet and so many of these things looked amazing. Sad to see rotten butterflies is ass.  NOOO NOT THE TWIN MOONS TOO God…Midra’s too…I’m sad
Scarelt Aeoena into Rotten Butterflies is a sick AOE combo with high Faith
I feel justified in my obsession with Spear of the Impaler. It's honestly my favorite thing out of the DLC (besides Igon's voice lines, Moore's general existence, the Solitude armor set, a good 75% of the OST, more dragon lore, and ...)
is the sword he's hold at 19:29 a mod? I have never seen it before and I thought I did everything.
Can you make a new video about SoTE area scaling and scadutree/spririt ash shit like when you did the video on scaling and other shit back in Feb or whenever it was
From what ive heard the big@ss finger's AoW *_wave_* scales solely off of faith and does holy damage while the actual finger part (intial slam+pull) does split magic-physical damage and scales off of int,str, and dex (and probably faith)
I have mastered the art of timing rotten butterflies for the sole reason of it looks really cool when you get good. Still the worst on the list by far, but i have integrated the skill into fights for style points.
RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS! RANK ALL THE SPIRITCALLER SNAILS!
This aged like milk
What is that version of fire knight armor you have? Is it modded?
I was too high for that intro lol😂😆
Rusty please rank all Beast Claws I can’t choose which one to use
Remove cringe intro
The helldivers comment 😂 was not expecting that
Ranking All 23 Elden Ring DLC Remembrance Rewards From Worst to Best...   no.23 : Rotten Butterflies   me : WTF?
Grimes Canyon
That opening joke was straight up copied from Family Guy
I love rotten butterflies, hit that bitch once instant scarlet rot, never use it again that fight
Rusty: what about a lot of the same reactions from Elden Ring, but for Bloodborne's game.
You either got a discount Bayle's Tyranny from Wish or just using it wrong. I've hit 15k on bosses and one shot people in pvp.
They finally fucking fixed Bayle’s Tyranny after 2 months. Thank fuck.
Erm.....rusty. Do the list again, 1.14 dropped
Bruh, patch came out today.   R.I.P.
I’m still waiting for you to rank all the Armored Core 6 primary and shoulder weapons Ruuuuuuuuustyyyyyyyy!
What're you're thoughts after the Rellana and Bayle reward buffs/fixes?
As usual they fix a glitch within 3 days of Rusty posting. Bayle's tyranny now hits multiple dudes
some redeeming factors about Rotten Butterflies 0. instantly makes you the prettiest thing on the battlefield 1. the aura that appears around you during the first half of the animation can hit enemies 2. the animation can bring you high enough off the ground to avoid certain shockwave attacks 3. getting hit out of the animation once the butterflies spawn in will just delay the detonation by several seconds, so in many cases you can kite the enemy back in 4. basically a guranteed rot proc vs any enemy bigger than a shed just be sure to consult your crystal ball before using it because you gotta be clairvoyant to make the best use of this
You think a pair of hairy, dead fingers looks GOOD as a catalyst? Dude you have the worst taste in fashion LMAO
2 days.
its so fking funny to me that 2 days after this video came out fromsoft released a patch that buffed/fixed a lot of things (BAYLES TYRANNY IS WORKING FINALY YIPPEE).
I like how Rusty puts Bayle's Tyranny and Fromsoftware just says "alright fuck you then" and fixes it a day later And Godfrey Icon as well
Any changes since the patch today? :P
And now we have a new patch...
NEW PATCH BAYLES TYRANNY FINNALY HITS MULTIPLE ENEMIES
Well time to redo the entire video because an update dropped only 2 days after, Miyazaki preserve us.
that helium thing at the beginning made me giggle. gee thanks mr rusty!
Came back to say that patch 1.14 dropped and theres bug fixes with Bayle's incantations. Hopefully, it can actually work now, lol!
Light of Miquella is great against invaders. Poleblade of the Bud is a rot halbert with a sweet moveset. Gazing finger was a godsent weapon during the gankfight in my lv1 run.
265 Woodrow Greens
Ngl i got about half way through this video before i realized this was a remembrance ranking. Truly the most brain damaged of all time.
The similes and metaphors here got exhausting after a while. Nice ranking, but yeah
There is no way you have Enraged devine beast in 15. Easiest top 5 of all time. Absolutly braindead take. This + stormblade trivialyze the entire game but go off i gess.
I'm not so bothered by the staff of the great beyond by the way it looks, but rather I wanted a seal that did both sorceries and incantations and not a staff.
84161 Shania Square
imma be honest your ranking videos have taught me more about the spaghetti code this game runs on than any pvp video i could ever watch cause youre the insane MF that actually goes into the parameters and checks
Didn't even finish the video and I have to say you are full of it. Rotten butterflies is amazing against bosses. No shot its this low.
Rusty when it comes to having the worst tier lists
Ain’t no way they still didn’t Fix Bayle’s Tyranny… what is this?!?😡
1:37 No, Bayle's Tyranny does more damage. But I think Dragonmaw is better than Bayle's Flame Lighting
It's better than good, it's better than great, it's log!
why would poleblade of the bud scale with arcane when rot doesnt scale with anything
Waiting for the dlc fashion list 👀
I just don't jive with the whole Finger Aesthetic
That intro was funny
I absolutely love Rellana's twin blades. The moveset is just too much fun, and the jumping R1 almost never bounces off walls unless you seriously try to. The half poke/half sweeping slash moveset is good against single enemies or groups and once you learn the spacing required, the weapon arts aren't too difficult to use. I have a level 300 character that's using these swords and the staff of the great beyond so that I can cast both kinds of magic and it's hella fun
That intro was glorious
He's not technically a scam artist if he's guessing the wait
Rusty, I let you know I watched your videos only for the joke at the start of the video.
"Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth that Jesus is the Son of God? This is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ; not by water only, but by water and blood. And it is the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one. And there are three that bear witness in earth, the spirit, and the water, and the blood: and these three agree in one. (1 John 5:5-8)  ''But the end of all things is at hand: be ye therefore sober, and watch unto prayer.   (1 Peter 4:7)
Man... Its wwird because messmers orb at least in my play through was hust a worse Bayle's flane lightning
if you want hyper armor while using an incant equip a weapon with the endure AoW
6:04 The weapon does scale with Faith *now*, but it didn't used to when that advice was happening. I think it's one of the stealth changes they added.   The wave on Gazing Finger does scale off of Faith only and is only Holy damage. You hit the Omen with the weapon as well, which deals Physical and Magic damage. That's the difference you observed. Additionally, only the actual hitting part of the AoW gets boosted by Shard of Alexander for some weird reason, meaning you can only buff the wave with Sacred Scorpion Charm, because it's Holy :D
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ;asoejfbnWPEUFBNwp[ef YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEES
Ah yes, family guy humor at its finest at the start there
The Godfrey icon is for stuff like Night Comet, regular Comet, Cannon of Haima etc. I pretty much only take it off when I slap on my bow loadouat for some sniping.
Have you ever even considered that Rotten Butterflies looks pretty? Easy S tier
damage scaling was a mistake
That intro was fantastic. More of that please, thanks
@18:00 Wow, hard disagree on Messmer's spear. That charged R2 is trrraaassssh. The damage falloff is insane, the damage is bad to begin with, the charge up takes years, it consumes half your stamina bar when you have 50 endurance, and it doesn't even do stance damage for all your trouble.  It loses to basically any spell as a ranged weapon while losing to basically every charged R2 in the game.  The weapon art is also very mid with how long it takes.  @19:00 Again, hard disagree on this take. It's... alright. But it suffers from the same problem as the Pearldrake talismans and basically all the other multipurpose tools: you're trading quality for a bit of convenience. Sure, if your build wants to use a weapon in addition to spells and incantations, not having to separately hold a staff and a seal or swap between them does let you do more swapping midcombat, but in general... just use a staff and a seal. Sure, being the best staff for mid-level hybrid builds buys it some utility but in general, it's losing to just using the right tool for the job.
5652 Schmitt Freeway
Did not expect bro to talk shit on my hometown Bitchita 😭
If you don’t believe him with the sword, lance thing, I have a whole video of me, defeating Radahn with a bloody sword lance.
As a level 1 guy using knight gear, stormcaller fucking rules
wasn't the gazing finger scaling fixed in a patch though?
Smooth video like always, cheers from Germany
Wait what, the rotten butterflies always guarantee scarlet rot
Are you fat ?
I really want to like Rellana's twinblades, and they do well in a lot of situations, but they certainly do feel like they take more work to, well, work than they should. I was hoping for a remembrance (read: intentionally more powerful if different) version of Sword of Night and Flame, and i can't say it doesn't deliver on at least the "different" part, but the "more powerful" part could use some work. more hype armor would be a start
The Rotten Butterflies are quite good for getting an early Rot Proc, especially against big boys. Only issue is it's just an alternate Scarlet Bloom. Better than moons imo.
Really? My first one would be spear of the impaler always.
4:20 (nice) This is MF DOOM.
came and left after the intro, it couldnt get better after that
most cinematic intro yet. Great video, Mark.
Can someone explain to me why the heavy attack from messmers spear takes that much stamina?
Rotten butterflys does not deserve last place, this incantation can rot almost any boss with one move, bad thing is you'll usually get hit while doing it so a bubble tear is useful and honestly it's only good on bosses and large slow enemies
How can some of these still be so shit...
Honestly, i think most of the remembrance stuff in the dlc is kind of crap. The base game has so much verity that it's not a fait comparison. Except the staff. You need this thing
I can't be the only one who really likes rotten butterflies??
Radahn's swords should have been one paired weapon with a stance aow that does either of the aow
There's literally no reason radahns swords couldn't have been a stance weapon, besides rellana's talisman
Staff of great beyond makes tarnished lore accurate. It's literally the weapon that Is ALWAYS in my off hand. Best item in the entire game IMO
damn they *really* bungled like all the new spells this dlc huh lmao
Wow a rusty list that doesn't make me angry
BEST OPENING TO ANY VIDEO, EVER!
being so deadass, the beginning joke was my favorite joke you have ever made.
I don’t understand why a giant flower was made to be “better” than literally anything else 🤦🏻‍♂️ 🤷🏻‍♂️
Greatsword of Damnation is incredible against Radahn, thats all im gonna say.
I just love playing with the staff it's just so much fun
1. Wait, WHAT!? THEY ACTUALLY MADE A CATALYST THAT CAN CAST SORCERIES AND INCANTATIONS!?!? 2. This idea may run the risk of turning the staff of the great beyond into a sentient computer virus that you have to ask for permission to boot up the game, but I think from software missed an opportunity to giving the staff of the great beyond a unique skill that’s just a smaller version of that pink death beam duo attack Metyr uses in her second faze.
bayles lightning is pretty awesome for pvp, it gets decent hyper armor, the tracking and range usually causes panic roll and can easily get 2k damage with the right talismans and stats
15:41 thought I was going deaf for a second there. I guess, Rusty was just leaning back in his recording chair😅
Still waiting for that reranking of Incantations
Poleblade of the bud does have Arc scaling tho?
Funnily enough they could have totally made the Radahn greatswords one paired weapon with a stance AoW, just like Rellana’s Twinblades
THE STAFF OF THE GREAT BEYOND SHOULD’VE BEEN A SEAL IT WOULDVE BEEN SO MUCH COOLER
Greatsword of damnation can grab npcs and give you i frames. And yes, if you’re having trouble on gideon or leda. This will be your savior
oh, it's the shit tier list again. complains about renalla's moons, gets mesmer assalt on the top half.
The problem with staff of the great beyond is that golden order seal and prince of deaths staff can simply both be equipped for only .5 units more total weight, offering significantly better sorcery and reasonably more incantation scaling for builds ready with high scores in both int and fth. And meanwhile, certain spells only scaling with int or fth specifically regardless of the catalyst's other scaling keep erdtree seal and carian regal scepter towards the top of the lineup as well. So it does pay a meaningful hybrid tax and ultimately ends up just the lazy option.
Everything you said about the poleblade of the bud was just false. Its a B arcane scaling halberd (with the swordspear moveset) that also has rot build up. The placement of poleblade of the bud is ok if not a little bit low, which you probably decided on based on the fact that it isn't a lot of upfront damage. Sure, thats fine, casual players are less likely to enjoy themed builds and gravitate towards upfront damage. But why just make up information for a video? Thats whats really confusing me. You could of kept the placement the same or even lower if you wanted to, but a 30 second trip to the wiki would've disproved the only talking point you came up with.
the only person i’ve seen use the rotten butterflies well is ongbal and we all know he’s a god at fromsoft games
With 80 strength AND 80 dex, the sword lance somehow still does more damage on heavy infusion than on quality
Question if you can respond! With 80's across the board (or I guess in Intelligence and Faith specifically) how does the catalyst compare to the Golden Order Seal in terms of scaling on offensive Incantations? Is it a negligible difference or is it quite high, because I might just start using the catalyst from now until the end of time if I won't be missing out on a WHOLE lot lol.
I am immediately sad and disappointed you put Rotten butterflies on the bottom, you are sad and need more hugs because that is the most beautiful and effective spell ive used in co op and you can fight me over it.
Honestly light of miquella is pretty good for invasions since you can use it from far away. It's a great opener that can easily do 1k+ damage with the right set up and hit the host along with their summons. I've one shot people with it in the lvl200 range using 80 faith, sacred cracked tear, holy scorpion charm and flocks talisman. The massive range it has really is the only thing making it usable
#22 Rellana’s Tig Old Bitties.
I wish the Greatsword of Damnation was a Light Greatsword for that elegant flowing moveset.
Babe wke up new Rusty video just dropped
crusty rusty is confirmed 200 pounds
the best thing about the staff of the great beyond is that gideon isnt cheating anymore by casting incantations from a seal and APPERANTLY casting spells from his fucking staff, which is a HAMMER. we can now do it too.
It does upset me that Bayle’s Tyranny isn’t as good as it’s supposed to be. Not bad, just not what you know it’s meant to be.
I knew I liked the fingy rod.  Glad to see vindication for my boy's Impaler as well; everyone should be on that thing.
I literally saw an invader use messmers orb and the blast 1 shotted the host and the other furled finger both had around 1900 when I saw the damage
Bayle’s bone knife should have been a weapon imo
Mesmer spear is dog shit. No amount of explaination you can do that could convince me otherwise.
Ive said it before but i was really hoping bayle's spells wouldve come from his remembrance and his heart wouldve been useable like the rock heart to give us a dread dragon form that boosts them
I still don’t care. I love my pink shiny sparkly butterflies
I use Horah Loux's Earthshaker on Dayne arts so I can poise break anything that gives me trouble.
For the people comparing youwys rankings to rustys just don’t. They both have their own criteria’s and both have very good knowledge in the game. You also have to realize youwys rankings are pve specific while rustys aren’t.
I don't get why Rellana's Twin Moon is so low on that list. It's a very good spell for stance-broken foes, it's not like mages have a better option melee-wise. _"if thing only good for thing that don't move"_ duh! then make it not move genius!
I really like polearm of the bud because when you use the skill without the required stats, you fly around with seemingly nothing moving you. No effect or anything.
Im just realizing that the butterfly incantation actually works pretty well visually for a Gambit build
I have been using the staff of the GB on my main character with 80 faith and int. At first I was just going to try it out and expected to switch back to the dedicated catalysts due to lower scaling, but it is really damned convenient, so I never bothered!  Outside of that I don't use any other DLC remember gear. Divine Beast Frost Stomp seems cool and I would definitely use the stone spikes if I was playing pure mage but for the most part I preferred other stuff from the DLC. Weapons like the Great Katana and Ancient Meteoric Ore Greatsword stole the show for me!
I been waiting on this video!
Rotten butterflies is great if you know how to use it. Its in my main rotation
I feel like the twin moons could be a little better if you could cast it mid air. I just love the idea of jumping off a ledge and dropping bombs on someone with that spell
Fun fact, the Roar Medallion boosts the damage of Howl of Shabriri but not Bayles Tyranny
To be honest, I kind of wanted Messmer's grab attack as the Ash of War for his Rememberance weapon instead of the assault.  A spear for impaling but I cant DO any impaling.
Wake up babe, new rusty ranking video just dropped.
6:36 chat is this worse than the  vyke warspear incident
The intro was uh... unexpected, to say the least 😂
You're from Kansas. Your videos all make sense to me now, lol
Poleblade of the bud does scale with arcane..am i missing something? Are you referring to the rot buildup not scaling with arcane?
🤣!!!!
I completely disagree on butterflies and light of miquella. 100% genuinely those are in my top 5 spells
I cannot believe the divine beast talisman doesn’t buff the divine beast frost stomp. I tested it over and over. Why would they do that? It’s from the same guy! Just make it make sense!
Yes some staff of the great beyond appreciation as soon as i saw the staff i made a new character and had my friend drop me it one of the most fun playthroughs I’ve had.
The fact that Midras flame of frenzy isn’t below Twin moons is insane. At least the twin moons can kill something.   That spell is so beyond fucking worthless and it makes me incredibly angry. Tons of frenzy buildup, insane fp cost for less damage than any spell ever.
Not putting the greatswords of radahn’s last invalidates the list
honestly, I kinda want more dumb intro bits like that. It's got that old machinima feel to it.
"It's an upfucker" fkn levelled me. Haven't laughed that hard in months. 🤣
Bichita, Kansas huh? 😂
Light of miquella is good for farming beast livers by the converted tower
Malenia once managed to jump me with a Waterfowl Dance because the host decided to spam light of Miquella out of nowhere.
As someone who is just coming across your page, i must say that the editing was good. However, as a consumer who is looking for informed videos, your language was pretty immature and abrasive.   I prefer more game information and less vulgarity.
"Poleblade of the bud - no longer in ass territory" does this guy even actually play the game it is easily the worst remembrance item  whoop de fucking doo, scarlet rot on a twinblade and an unusable ash
AC0 MENTIONED
land of shadow taking up 2 slots? what patch are you playing on, it only takes up one lol
Bae wake up, rusty uploaded
twin moons shit tier? seriously?? ER players are fucking inconsolable when a spell requires set up, jesus. i use it instead of going for crits or punishing long recoveries on my mage builds and its consistently doing around 12k damage in one cast
My man thought he could rip off a Family Guy joke and we wouldn't notice, smh.  RIP Adam West tho.
Staff of the great beyond kicks alot of ass. Being able to throw out every kind of spell in rapid succession made alot of  the more difficult fights in the dlc manageable.
rotten butterflies hate is so cringe lol its fucking awesome if you dont suck ass. it has enough hyper armor to not be nudged out by any enemy that isn't a truck and ever since the buff the buildup is basically instantaneous. there are a lot of incantations like it that do so knowing youre probably going to get hit in the casting because of the delay (like dragonmaw) and are just fine, and even if you get hit out of it the effect still goes off like gravity sling. people asswiping spells because they don't know how to space casts on faith builds is hilarious, ive been reliably using it on a build that wears only the dancer armor + no summons obv
No way rusty is from Wichita too 😭 holy shit man I wonder if I’ve seen this man and not even realized it
BABEE WAKE UP! RUSTY UPLOADED!
What about the sunflowers other rememberance?
My Elden Ring enjoyment has devolved (or evolved??) into only Vaati and Rusty's videos. The game itself needs a 5 year pause before I play it again.
Can we please just get shorts of these skits XD
now, what if the greatsword of radahn's light and lord variants got combined and the ashes were part of a stance?  You'd have both weapons in one, and suddenly Rellana's cameo applies.
This is rage bait don’t bite, putting the best rot spell last lol k
My only gripe with Messmers spear are its animations. Its just the basic great spear animations and they look horrible to me. If this had the wider swings ala the Rot spear you get from the DLC or the quick thrusts and cuts from the cross naginata id be using it non stop and would have made it perfect.
Where's the arrow tier list
Rotten Butterflies is one of the better rewards. Have you considered not sucking at the game?
"kind shit of fuck mountain"  Rusty has been listening to EODM
10:25 Is that mod armor or something I can get in th game??
small world bud what part of Bitchataw are you from?
ur so controversial
I feel heartbroken seeing the twin moons so far down the list :( It's at least good when set up to destroy every enemy in a dungeon room
only 100k views? rusty really fell off
Try bayles tyranny without being locked on for proper AOE effect
Fingercreeper? More like powercreeper
All of radahns and miquellas rememberance need buffed, they should be op as shit
I would happily argue that the Spear of the Impaler is a near perfect weapon. It doesn't need as much adjustment as many other items from the DLC
Love from a Tulock&Mango and Vaush fan!
my first dlc playthrough started as faith with godslayers greatsword then switched to int/faith for rellanas and discus of light low kew carried me and then staff of the beyond turned everything up to 11 as i was throwing out knights lighting spear and impenetrable thorns on the first dlc patch  ive never felt more powerful and it was the most fun ive had in this game i couldve have asked for a better first playthrough  still couldnt beat radahn while summoning ansbach and thiollier tho they make the fight way too hard
Put some respect on the gazing finger, the aow mops in pvp and hits like a truck
So where are the DLC cave and catacomb rankings?
19:10 I thought staff of the great beyond had int & fai scaling of B at +10? How’d he get A?
Impaler R2 fucking sucks though
I love the way you do these videos. Thanks for continuing them thru the DLC
0:35 you accidentally recorded your mouse for one of the background shots. unwatchable.
Rusty, you're a complete idiot, but somehow you manage to make some of the most sensible tier lists in this particular, very competitive YT genre.
Baumbach Mountains
Why couldn't they just combine both Radahn swords into one sword with a stance ash of war.  You hold the weapon art button to enter the stance, something like Radahn's stance idk. Then light attack for the lord and heavy attack for the light.  In fact it should let you charge the heavy attack. It would turn it into the only ash of war that's boosted by both Godfrey's icon and Rellana's cameo (I think).  Would that be too overpowered? Who cares so is the sacred relic sword. It's the main weapon of the final boss. This way it would be unique at least. It's better than the one sword people use and the other that they don't even bother with.
Please lord, if you use the staff of Great Beyond go 43 Int / 43 faith for 307 and access to microcosm.
I use the rot butterflies while Knight Andreas keeps em distracted.
For radahn swords, maybe give them a unique r2 and a stance aow Instead of making two That would've been cool
im not a "do the best thing" im a "hey that looks cool im using it"
i may get some hate on this but personally Rotten Butterflies is amazing for me to use... even on NG+7 scaling its pretty much an instant rot for me if i get it off so it completely replaced my Rotten Breath, Ekzykes Decay, and Scarlet Aeonia
Rank helldivers strategems
I'd use the staff of the great beyond if it was a seal. Can't be sacrificing style points
Can you rank the new legendary weapons
At last my request fullfill
I loved the graphic at the end!
"I'll guess your weight" in front of a gallows has some ironic implications
Babe, wake up. New Rusty just dropped.
0:49 yeah okay, watch ongbals Dancing Lion fight
Finally, another Kansan that I actually agree with on something.
O thank god my girlfriend only lets me have sex with her when Rusty posts
That was such a completely dumb ass intro that I respect you for putting it in. Top tier jokes as always 👍
damn, why do the final boss weapons/incants always suck ass
Vortex of Putrescence is really great. comes out quickly with decent range, AoE and no need to aim. It's super flexible while being strong enough to feel on par with most other bread&butter options.
staff of the great beyond had such trash scalings tho. Why not just go faith int with prince of death and golden order seal? that’s so much better.
Bro I'm sorry you're from Wichita 😂
Just as I was sitting down to eat the universe PROVIDES!
incredible intro
sword lance number one no doubt. Sword lance gets a lot of moves from great spears including the guard counter. IMO Sword Lance is THE BEST weapon to use with Deflecting hard tear
12:40 Seeing that dude throw his hammer like a boomerang in the Trailer totally put the idea in my head we were getting a full boomerang weapon class with multiple boomerangs to pick from.  While I was disappointed at first, the weapon was just too fucking cool to stay upset at, plus my first playthrough was nearly a perfect build for the weapon too.  I also was able to tell a streamer about how it has both L2 and R2 follow ups after the AoW, so this weapon even gave me the rare chance to be a helpful chatter in Twitch chat lmao. Also, the Smithscript Backhand Blades R2's are a good substitute for the boomerangs I was wishing for, so I wasn't let down too much lol
I was trying to figure out how I'd missed this video then realized I didn't
Putting spear of the impaler above the sword lance is a crime against humanity
Everyday we get closer to ranking Elden Ring Feet video
Armor? 0:01
Poleblade of the bud does have arcane scaling, unless you mean you wanted the rot to scale with arcane, in which case rot has never scaled with arcane.
Anyone else got the Family Guy referance?
I’m just glad that Rellana twin blades isn’t bugged
you're funny
Mist or Beast
I LOVE RANKING VIDEOS.
I went into the dlc with 99 in each stat so i finally began doing a sorcer/Faith build and it was so nice to finally have a damn catalyst for both options
That family guy joke in the intro is older than some of your audience unless i'm over or underestimating the amount of 15 year old's who watch you.
Rellana's Twin Blades were made specifically for that build I went into the DLC with that had 40 in almost every stat. Seriously it felt like my best weapon for most of the dlc, partially because you can pair it with the milady to get two swords that deal the same damage type
9:49 gonna be hard to defend it but I'm gonna try anyway 3- *video stops*
OK, the twin moons. I slept on them and then got recommended to use them just for damage... and found them pretty good? I use it during boss stagger or transitions that I can reliably get it off for and it usually does more than a crit would have (and there are so many good poise damage sorceries and AoW for Int builds to use that I found it more useful than expected). My main complaint about it is the AoE is smaller than I expected and I sometimes miss large enemies for some reason.   It's a little niche, so I could certainly see it being so low on anyone's list, but the damage potential alone means I'd bump it up a few spots for the times when it can be useful. (unless it really did get worse)
RUSTY! OIL UP AND MY LIFE IS YOURS!
FS on their way to create the coolest weapons/spells/incantations/ashes of war you've ever seen only to make 99% of them completely useless
Hey Rusy I know your  not gonna see this but you can use this  Rotten Butterflies to dodge Rellanas twin moon assault i made a video doing just that. And id say i  looked pretty cool. shameless plug
Rotten butterflies way too low
I will CONTINUE TO ASK FOR THE PARTICLE EFFECTS TIER LIST
You complain about light of Miquella... But then put blades of stone at the top. Makes no sense.
Rotten butterflies are super effective at spreading rot, and it has a huge aoe.
Staff of the great beyond just makes the loot from Gideon feel even more trash.
Messmer's rewards are top tier just from style and anime aura alone
I only ever used rotten butterflies in tandem with the new ash of war
Twin moons or Miyazaki balls?
Piano black as background music in the vid goes hard ngl
We once again prove that Black Flame Ritual is a swiss army knife. It even makes the butterfly spell viable.
man your vids are top tier love 'em so much keep up the attitude and idk idk what you are doing but u are absolutely amazing u make my day with your vids <3
#1 is so much fun. I traded this onto a lower level character and its just so versatile
11:19 - "pull up your bootstraps and enjoy completing the sidequest of getting the fk over yourself" made me laugh out loud - highlight insult of the vid for me. Rusty makes a lot of salty, creative insults, but THIS one just got to me for some reason!
Switching to Midra's sword mid pvp fight is something most people won't ever hope to expect and it has won me so many fights that its crazy.
and now we need a 3 hour tier list of rankings for ALL stuff compared to current dlc rewards
Smash me
Literally looked for this video last night. You’re 17 hours late Rusty.
Just realized what would've made Rotten Butterflies 1,000% better: turning it into Rykards Rancor but rotten butterflies instead of skulls. I feel like that's how it's casted by the boss in the first place
Messmer's spear is not that good at all, the ash of war is all it has going for it but it scales too heavily off weapon level which sucks on NG+ or just higher levels. The R2s suck, they really suck. Use an ungodly amount of stamina and do as much stance damage as a chow mein noodle slapping Shaquille O'neal and the range falloff is horrendous. It's really mediocre for any well structured builds and literally the Messmer Soldier Spear with flame art affinity and flaming strike is better in nearly every way.
Rotten butterflies is very good
Part of me wishes the great sword of damnation did fire damage but I get why it doesn’t, still a cool weapon
Radahn's DLC swords are just so bizarre to me as balancing/design choices. They scale with INT despite the Light version being a very holy-themed version, and both of them do magic damage. They're functionally identical except for the weapon skills.   Like would it have been so hard to make the Light version scale with FTH and the Lord version scale with INT? I truly thought that was the case until I got them and saw they were the same but with different skills. Especially for going into NG+, can't they throw us a bone?
Nah this vid must be pre butterflies buff
Poleblade of the Bud has a surprising level of stance break potential. It doesn't feel like it hits that hard, but per swing it seems to knock enemies incredibly often.
God, PLEASE keep using Bebop music in the background, it's so nice to bounce to while listening to you talk.
cant wait for Waifu to lose his mind again :D
But rotten butterflies is so girly pop
Dude, Messmer's orb is great, but it's really dragged down by the character hitbox being so low. I can't use to jump Godfrey's AoEs, Bayle's nuke, Rellana's twin moons or any other ground attack, but it works against Metyr gazing finger for some reason.
Ironically one of my favorite-of-all-time builds is the Milady with Divine Beast Frost Stomp. The weapon moveset itaelf is so flowy, and it's extremely easy and satisfying to weave in a Frost Stomp because of how fast you can pull it off! And I never had issue with the damage, buuut I've never been much of a number cruncher. 🫡
The intro was magnifiscent hats of to you sir
I love rotten butterfly so much. Use it all the time!
I've actually gained quite a bit of respect for Light of Miquella, but I feel that's largely due to me being a NG++++ player. The fact it has the range of 'infinite' is kinda incredible, and makes subsequent playthroughs on higher and higher difficulties MUCH more manageable  as you can orbital laser something you know to be there from a GREAT distance, and if it happens to somehow recover and start getting closer to you? then you have half a health bar or more to deal with, which is really nice!  It knocks over Fire Knights as well, which is just, so nice. Just, stun lock them into holy oblivion, it's so nice. (and you made a point to make fun of it, but it's actually really good if your friend knows how to use it in co-op battles strictly again due to it's range. Bosses fly around and jump around so friggen much in the DLC, and this is a great tool for your friend who just re-buffed themselves in the corner to regain aggro from your nearly dead ass as they sure as hell ant running the 3 football fields over to try and hit the boss but firing a laser to get them to instant turn and target their location is ENTIRELy viable! Just, don't spam it. It's an aggro swap tool not your main DPS option. )   I feel I also like it as I'm neck deep in the heal from """""afar"""" meta and carry 6 health and 8 mana pots, so dumping a bunch of said mana to two shot most enemies in the game from a distance where they could never touch me isn't that big a deal, and feels really nice when I 'just wanna get to the boss' and am allowed to do so with no issue. Nothing feels better than snipping the laser rocks from on high in the fissure also, so fun.
I came for the garbage items, but stayed for all of the cowboy bebop music
Finally some love for spear of the impaler! Everybody’s always talking shit about it and I’m like bro are we using the same weapon?😂😭
In my experience, the Poleblade of the Bud is melting poise super quickly for any enemy when you use the Ashes of War. The added effect of Scarlet Rot just makes it better. For me it's a 10/10 weapon.  The Rotten Butterflies are also alright. I use all the Scarlet Rot incantations and each has their use for different situations. Also the butterflies are just pretty
Can i just a serious question? Why does elden ring have times on pc where its frame rates absolutely shits the bed but im over here on xbox series x and have never dropped more that maybe 10 frames??? Is your pc that bad or do you have your frames and resolution so high that you cause yourself lag? Because if it was me and it was a choice between uncapped frames and/or photo realistic resolution and not being play the game fluidly, im going fluid gameplay.
25 seconds into the vid and I already found a wrong opinion. It's one thing to give something that is actually good a low placement, it's quite another to put it at the bottom.
Hinestly the number 1 slot was a surprise pick and every min maxxer (looking at you youwy) is gunna shit themselves
Best intro you've ever done.
Im thankful my favorite manic Elden lord gave my favorite weapon the 2nd to top spot.
It will forever bug me that you get the Fallingstar Beast spell from Gaius and the Gaius spell from the Fallingstar Beast
Me personally? Rotten Butterflies has become a go to for Scarlet Rot Procing. Even of Aeonia, even if I get knocked out of the animation if I get the animation started the butterflies still explode, vs Aeonia which needs to completely go off and leaves you vulnerable to being attacked.
I didn't have enough materials to make rot pots and didn't feel like farming, so I actually used butterflies to proc rot on Radahn at the end of the DLC
... Is that the fucking cloister trial theme? It crept into my ear and now I can't tell and I'm starting to tweak
Where's Fleeting Microcosm?
I think some of this is by favoritism  Dont get me wrong, the Rotten Butterflies are shit But.. why complain about Bayle's Tyrany when "technically" is the only final incantations of Dragon Communion Ok, it just deals shit ton of damage to ONE, but thats the thing.. how many bosses are more than ONE without counting Godskin Duo
Don't let this video distract you from the fact that we heard Imu speak for the first time yesterday
I love how basically all of the incantations from the bosses are the worst thing in the game.
The miquella’s light spell saved my ass before. I was getting swarmed by a bunch of small dudes that hit quick, and if I didn't hit the panic button it would have been over.
I feel like Light of Micquella needs to be buffed to Hell and back to justify being an endgame incantation.
I'm glad Radahn's Lord Greatsword is this high, so many people complain about its moveset or why it's separate from Light (with reason, mind you) and miss that the skill combo just spanks, with the added benefit of giving Int builds some Holy damage. A real shame it doesn't have a unique moveset, though.
Reminder that you can use Staff Of The Great Beyond to instantly chain cast Catch Flame into Gavel Of Haima
FromSoft really be like, "Yeah they can use cool shit, but it'll be like blowong bubbles on the enemy."
Somehow all the Remembrance items got worse than what we have in the base game. And the base game also had a lot of questionable items, but also some very good stuff.
Funny how the best spells and incantations from the hardest and most powerful beings are at the very bottom of the list. Some things never change with FS.
hilarious intro 😭
i refuse to belive bayle's Tyranny is better than the flame lighting, pretty sure you can cast flame lightning twice before tyranny comes out
‘Piano Black’. You can’t hide from my Rusty. I WILL point out every time you (or your editor idk) uses the cowboy bebop ost in a video!
Rank the furnace golems
Here me out: 🙌🏾"Rusty's Elden Ring Comedy show" 🙌🏾
PIANO BLACK
Look rotten butterflies may not be that good it is broken against the walking mausoleums so i use to get more remembrances to get more runes
The dlc has some pretty trash remembrances.
Messmer's orb is complete shit. It does minuscule damage for how much faith it requires. Messmer's spear tho, is great.
*starts video* *sees rotten butterflies as the worst* Yeah pretty much everything else this video had to say was worthless, instantly no credibility
What armor set is the character at 0:23 wearing?
My faith-based 2nd character is going to be pleased with the faith scaling stuff and the incantations, but my quality melee 1st character in the DLC hasn't touched any of these. I'm honestly not sure if I've bothered getting any remembrance items since nearly all of them have either had stat requirements that mean I can't use it, or they aren't a weapon that I'll actually use. Then again, I'm not a completionist who feels the need to get all the items in the game, so popping the remembrance for runes isn't too hard a decision to make. I also still keep calling them boss soul weapons thanks to DS3, but that's a me problem, lol. Dragon King's Craglade and the Lion Greatbow are the only 2 remembrance weapons I use with any regularity. And the Dragon King's Cragblade just got shoved in a random drawer thanks to the Dragon-Hunter's Great Katana when I want to deal with dragons now. The percentage damage against the assorted dragon types is the same (30% regular and 15% for Ancient types), but it just feels so much better to use than the Cragblade. The Lion Greatbow I like mainly because I prefer greatbows and I like keeping a bow ready for sniping. Dragonslayer's Greatbow was my option in DS3. Other than that I still stick to weapons I've been using since the main game. Maybe they shouldn't have made the Bloodhound's Fang that good of a quality weapon and let us get it so early in the game. Godskin Peeler is my back up and I usually bring it out for certain bosses that I've lost patience with (see Placidusax, Radagon, Elden Beast, and that Scadutree Avatar) thanks to the black flame tornado and the fact that this doesn't require any faith to wield.   I did the same thing in DS3 with boss souls a lot of the time. That said, the Hollowslayer Greatsword still is my main weapon for that game. I got so used to not being able to use weapon buffs in DS3 because of it that I constantly forget about weapon buffs in Elden Ring.
Collab with misschalice would be funny i think lmao
Light of Miquella is insane what are you going on about
Put the Endure ash of war on a dagger in your right hand and a seal in your left. Use Endure then use Rotten Butterflies immediately. Now it’s top tier!
The rotten butterflies have only two things going for it, it’s pretty, and it CAN apply rot. (If you don’t get pinched by something)
That intro was just a scene from Family Guy. I am not complaining.
They need to buff the R2 of Spear of the impaler, it doesn’t do any damage
Pls do more skits before every video
Was this video recorded like 2 months ago? Rotten Butterflies is pretty good now
no magic, no incantation, just spam savage lion claw
The moon sorceries would be great if casting in this game didn't have all the poise of a styrofoam coffee cup.
The problem the staff of the great beyond is that it's scaling is outdone entirely by the Golden Order Seal, which also has the added benefit of actually boosting a specific incantation type.
Rotten Butterflies infects Consort Radahn with rot instantly even on NG+7. You can begin to cast it in his opening after the gravity spin, he will hit you out of it but you still have time to summon the butterflies which will explode after a while and affect him with rot. It's a rather good spell for this purpose.
Let's fucking go! Rusty is ranking more shit! Yippee!
22st time asking Rusty to rank all Radahn festival summons.  Current streak: 19. Highest streak: 19. Previous highest streak: 3.  *_New record!_*
"Land of Shadow" has batshit INSANE range and also has great tracking. Hop on horseback, lock on to the head of a Deathrite Bird/Undead Dragon and spam this shit from a safe distance. Easiest game of my life.
Someone send this man a 4090!
Greatsword of damnations aow was made for shitty pvp players who only know how to spam lt
How do you always manage to upload when I'm about to eat, it makes my day every time
Watch Rusty videos at 1.25 speed, thank me later
Funnily enough the lowest ranked thing on this list is what helped me beat the final boss of the DLC. There are a few moves they use that are very punishable with the incant.
Honestly, I feel like we should have gotten the Rememberance and heart from Bayle cause his bone knife would have made an awesome sword with some kind of AOE skill and his horns would have made an awesome shield.
The Consort Radahn rewards are probably the only time a Fromsoft game has genuinely insulted me. Two separate (?!) dual colossal swords that require two remembrances that also fucking suck. Light of Miquella is mid. Circlet of miquella is mid. Even that ending cutscene was insultingly stupid. I truly, genuinely feel like Miyazaki smacked us in the face with these rewards for beating basically the hardest boss they've ever made. What a shitstain of a boss on an otherwise masterpiece of a game and DLC
Rotten Butterflies after the buff is at least a solid alternative to scarlet aeonia that only takes 1 slot but inflicts the same variation of scarlet rot, and even if you get knocked out of the animation as long as the butterflies appear they still explode.   Granted, all of this is moot when the mere existence of rotten breath makes both spells completely obsolete anyways
I honestly found relanna's twin testes extremely effective on npc bosses because the AI always thinks with its dick and approaches whenever it gets a peek at relanna's double Ds.
Great, now rank every site of grace.
Rotten Butterflies is actually really good post patch. Considering it can proc the same 30% version of rot as Scarlet Aeonia for 1/3 the memory slots, it’s really good if you need space for other incants and works like a charm on big bosses
Bayles Tyranny is pretty wild for pvp. Baiting people into it usually one shots them if your going full dragon rock build
Damn I was going to get that that butterfly one.
rusty hear me out: mod rotten butterflies to have a massive area coverage and duration and then also make some spells like create water to start a terrain-control category of spells.
Time to rank the varieties of golden runes!
Rotten butterflies - actually the BEST rot incant in the game rated as the worst...  Maybe put endure on dry leaf arts cuz they weight 1.0? Spell does absurd amount of rot build up rotting everything even small highly resistant to rot bosses. On top of that: 1 slot If you get knocked down but butterflies spawn they still work and you won't die unlike scarlet aeonia when u sit there and eat all damage
The family guy reference at the start is genius
Rank all areas in elden ring
Nothin better than a "Family Guy" reference right in the beginning of the vid 💙
I have disrespected the Staff of the Great Beyond for too long... 😮
light of miquella that low is criminal
There's a part two to the gravity thrust AOW???
So just last night I was messing with Bayle's Tyranny and no joke one of those rot zombies in the haligtree just stood next to me practically hugging me when I cast it... he took exactly 0 damage, grabbed me and ate my face. While in Co-Op with one of my buddies. I've never been so humiliated in this game in my life.
For poleblade of the bud. Rot does not scale with arcane, so even if it had arcane scaling it wouldn't matter. Unlike madness which does scale for arcane. Idk why.
Ah perfect, now i can procrastinate more.
I was so hyped to finally kill midra with my madness build I duped his rem for both items thinking the sword would do madness dmg and then thought the spell would be a better unendurable frenzy. Let's just say my excitement dwindled and my day was ruined. Worst incantation ever
I love the staff of the great beyond because it's a great way to try and deal with the powercreep problem. Because the question posed to you, the player, when making a build, isn't "which one does better damage " it's "what do I prefer more, better damage or the convenience of having one catalyst " because you will get more damage out of the prince of death staff and the golden order seal, but does that matter when you have the freedom of both in one.
You know, if BOTH of the new Radahn weapons WERE ACTUALLY CURVED GREATSWORDS, they might be comparable to the boss version since you'd have a similar level of speed in the moveset.  And no, I am not going to not be pissed that we got two more Colossal Swords from Radahn when the Curved Greatsword category is hurting for weapons and the weapons are literally called "Radahn's Greatsword". Making two more and making them Colossal Swords is just insult to injury.
Waiter! More tier lists please!
Bro was so late on this video that rotten butterflies is good now
Nope greatsword of damnation sucks,its short and has split damage with holy of all things.
You know its a testament I watch your videos religiously despite disliking elden ring. I only realize now this was the case.
13:45 You are balding??!??!!? Unsubscribing 😤😤😤
I hate to be the guy who asks this but are we gonna get a video of you ranking all the new ash of wars from the DLC?
Well, I just pulled up Youtube to finish watching one of your Bloodborne videos but...
the Gayzing Finger
I used the frost stomp with Milady on an Int build and it carried me through about 2/3 of the DLC. It's pretty damn nice tbh.
I felt it was coming but bros finally gone we will miss partially sane rusty and welcome insane ruty 0:16
Rotten butterflies is just the fromsoft classic of cool factor automatically making things clunky and weak
I'm amazed you can even play the game on a 1060
Day 26 of asking Rusty to rank every enemy in Elden Ring. If you could rank all the weapons, the enemies should be no issue for you. You know you want to do it, I know you want to do it. Don't back away now.
Does Sony still remember Bloodborne 2?
2.39 Good to see Limmy getting a reference ❤
This has got to be the single worst vid you’ve made yet, somehow apparently Radahns swords and Midras Flame are better than Rotten Butterflies, and Light of Miquella.  Tell me how this is a good ranking there, a boring 2 Greatswords that are worse than the original, and a Spell that you don’t even get any use out of
Its pretty cool how relanna's swords aren't scaling with fth and int, but rather fth and int separately. When I wa running a faith build with only 11 int, after getting it to +9 the game was telling me istrongone of my strongest weapons, and thst was cuz the left hand's fire damage was GOOD, so I ended up power standing it with the needle sword for a bit
If you use rotten butterflies immediately after dodging radahns spinning purple attack he uses first thing in the fight, you can basically always get him rotted.
Wish you did more Armored Core 6 vids, started playing it lately and im hooked. Then again, you recently did Dark Souls 3 spell ranking, so i'll keep my fingers crossed for just a while. Pve weapon ranking would be awesome, or maybe best weapons available in each chapter, mostly early game or something, anything
Rellana's Twin Blades is my favorite DLC weapon despite it's flaws. Great Milady move-set, an ash similar Night and Flame and it looks cool. A fun weapon with great potential and I'm surprised they haven't buffed it. Speaking of Rellana, instead of the two moons I wish the game gave us a faster smaller moon projectile similar to Glintstone Comet.
Huge fan of whenever this guy uploads
Man do a lot of these spells need hyperarmour, Messmer's orb could use it but is good enough on it's own. Getting slapped out of a fully charged fireball the second before it gets off is frustrating though.  And Land of Shadow is just Golden Land but without the hyperarmour.
I really liked the part of the video where you just started screaming "IT BURNS" over and over again before the power went out
Regarding Bayle's spells.... It's NOT a remembrance thing. You get his heart, which can NOT be duplicated. So despite what it says on Fextra, Bayle is NOT a remembrance boss.
Rotten Butterflies is the easiest way to proc rot on bosses and it only costs 1 spell slot. It's the _good_ rot, too, none of that weak 15% shit. We only accept 30% rot in this household. You just have to accept that you will probably be taking a hit, in which case - Ritual Shield has you covered.  Sure, it's not great for use against normal enemies, but like... why are you trying to rot normal enemies? Just kill them, lol
you mentioning the idea of Greatsword of Damnation doing the pierce explosion on its R2s made me imagine the universe where its r2s worked like the amygdalan arm, delayed secondary attacks you can cancel out of
Rotten butterflies has the same 30% rot that scarlet aeonia has but with es requirements and over a wider area. Aside from that most of the dlc weapons feel underpowered. Obviously there is the mess that Rahdans great swords, but rellana and messmer weapons should really be more powerful imo.
Rotten butterflies : 🦋 Rotten butterflies against Radahn : 🔥😈🔥
wake up rusty
Babe wake up, Rusty just dropped
Honestly the first time i saw the description for the staff of the great beyond i was fucking elated  Finally i had the perfect thing to finish my incantation\sorcery dual spell blade build  Also whomever made Bayles incantations that high in arcane requirements....  Like why? Just really why? Its stupid to me that they need that much in arcane just to use
ngl I didn't think you'd rank Messmer's Spear that high, the stamina consumption is really massive + the R2 does so little stance damage (around 8.8 fully charged). Other than that it carried me in the DLC.
Me: 'Man I got a million things to do..." (Notification Bell for new Rusty video)  Me: "Nevermind, it can wait"
The spear of the impaler has an insanely dogshit heavy attack on top of the great spears's mid R1 combo. Idk how it gets higher than mid tier, let alone above the sword Lance (which gives you a completely separate weapon and ash of war at the same time, both of which clear anything the spear has to offer).  People rank this weapon based on vibes.
44 minutes ago... oml I need to touch grass
how is the staff of the great beyond not ugly? i think it is an extremely well designed staff by how unsettling and kinda ugly it is.
I agree a lot with fromsoft just saying f the boss moves here’s an I can’t hat just sucks, womp womp. Midra doesn’t even use that incant as a move, WHERES NY FRENZY NUKE, WHERES MY FRENZY SPIRAL, WHERES MY FRENZY HEAD, WHERES MY SUPA SUIT
What's great about Lordahn Swords is that they also have really solid poise damage. The animation's long, but if you manage to set it up so it breaks the enemies stance in the middle (which due to good hyperarmor isn't a big deal) it just shreds with the Winged Talismans like no other weapon.
The worst thing about Rellana's swords is that from the bossfight, you're expecting them to be paired Greatswords, or at least Light Greatswords. Or at worst, a paired Greatsword and Light Greatsword. You know, something cool, something that really sells the fact that out of all the builds the Carians could settle on, they chose STR-INT of all things. You'd have the clear line of connection between Rennala, Rellana, Ranni, and Radahn, with William Riker over there being the black sheep of the family. But no, the paired weapon is a fucking straight sword, the most plain yogurt of all weapon types. Not even vanilla, at least vanilla has something approximating a flavor, something that stands out. It's just fucking Plain; no flavor, all texture, and it's fucking store brand at that so even the texture isn't quite right.
Also, Sword Lance is double the value of a pick because you get an Ash and a weapon
Was this made before the update that buffed the butterflies? There is no way it's worse than the other rememberance incantation simply because of how good rot is. Sure the animation takes a while and you're probably getting hit during it, but the animation doesnt need to finish for the butterflies to explode and any decently sized enemy is getting rotted immediately. You can say it's arguably worse than the other rot incants but compared with the 4th best holy damage spell that does holy damage and nothing else, i think this one is actually good.
elden ring really did incantations dirty 💀
I know a Family Guy bit when I see one.
Mad props for putting Backshot Messmer next to the final ranking Russ
I knew most of the spells were pretty ass, but damn, they really do suck
what's uhh. what's going on with messmer there at the end? he good? hydrated?
Fun fact: Spinning Gravity Thrust gives you HP from Godskin Swaddling Cloth for each set of thrusts
THIS STILL ISN'T THE TOE RANKING RUSTY FR WHEN ARE YOU RANKING THEM TOES ???????
Although i disagree with 90% of this ranking i still really enjoyed this video😅
Nah staff of the great beyond is too ugly to be used, and incantations just look lame with it
Sword Lance is OP
0:59 jokes on you i did a whole run with that shitty spell and had the balls to upload it too lol . tbh tho yeah its sucks ass i mean thats why i decided to even do that in the first place
Ngl, Land of Shadow is probably bad in the technical sense, like low dmg and high fp cost (which is something I cant believe people actually care about) or whatever. But it has unbelievable range, you can do other shit while it attacks, and is what I beat Consort Radahn with, so I'm really fond of it. Been using it in pvp, it never fails to cast it the second I can move, even if not all of them hit some always do, and as you said, it only costs one spell slot.
Lightning in Elden Ring is thoroughly the "quality over quantity" damage type, but this is even further emphasized when so many of its incants are totally redundant.  I was hoping the DLC would give us more that actually matters, and while Knight's Lightning Spear and Death Knight's Longhaft Axe are arguably the best of the batch, I wasn't exactly asking for even more of the same. The base game already has two axes in the Stormhawk Axe and the Dragon Halberd, yet we got two more anyway, but the only two swords are Dragonscale Blade and Dragon King's Cragblade.
Almost broke my finger clicking on the new video 😮‍💨
Ernestina Estates
R.i.p Adam west
Rusty!! 🙏 thank you
I would say Messmer orb is worst than it's ranked here.
6:35 timestamp....   and this video is already getting taken down
Impaler spear really was incredibly good when i used it, but had to switch to a bleed build to finally win the last battle.
Verdigris Greatshield + Sword Lance with Bleed = journalist mode
Its true us Bitchitans care more about kool moveset than numbers, but its why we're all balding.
Rotten butterflies is only for bosses you've got their moveset down. Plus its pretty so it should be top
You know how npc bosses are often a shitfest because giving a player character a milliok hp breaks the balance of most things? I feel like this is the opposite. Theres a reason why some attacks are boss moves. Yes maybe half these spells are cool attacks but they only work if you have a boss healthbar and infinite hyperarmor.
I do like the idea of a storm-based build, but I don't see any other situation where I would use the talisman constantly.
I think Rusty may have some opinions about the Radahn particles
Messmers orb being that high up is wild. Only ok Damage, no hyper armor, wind up as long as an average MLB broadcast, and jank hit box? Better put it near the top of the list!
That was easily the funniest intro you’ve ever made. Well done, Rusty. :D
Honestly I do agree that the staff looks very cool, the problem is just it doesn't match with any armour in the game lookswise. The best I got was Gideon's armour, and even that isn't close
17:26 Many (including me) would disagree with you putting this weapon this good of a rank because of it’s biggest flaw: Yes you do throw it when doing a heavy/charged attack, but the farther the target the less damage it does, eliminating the whole purpose of the attack.
Rusty I fucking loved that bit at the start omfg 😂😂
Twin moons helped me stagger a Death Knight to death, so that was funny. It's also a pretty decent damage dump. It's still not good, but it's swag as fuck so I'll always use it on my int builds that can support it. Also it's really good to start a lot of fights with if you can sneak up on them to get a free cast in.
I love your videos
I want to fondle Rellanas twin moons
that intro was the most beautiful thing i’ve ever seen in my fckin life
Rusty learned to pronounce Vortex of Putrescence! Progress people!
I actually really enjoy Light of Miquella and Rotten Flowers. I think they’re both really fun spells to use regardless of the damage output. Though, I do understand why people dislike them.
did rusty just steal a joke from family guy? truly he's gone frenzy!
2:40 me when I invade somebody and they use LOM as an Opener
My only gripe with #10 is that it doesn't get boosted by PoD staff. Why are all the new death sorceries... not... death sorceries...?
Rotten butterflies just pisses me off. The spell looks way too cool for how shit it is
lets mcfucking go
Still waiting for a randomized dlc play through rusty I want to se you suffer
The Weapons make me feel like I’m in an anime
stupid fcking intro but it's why I love this channel 😂
Bro complained about gpu prices then said how radahn is a benchmark test for your pc Something is adding up here
can you rank all the wild life species by how breedable they are?
I like how he cut the final clip of Rotten Butterflies right before it went off and rotted the horned warrior. Just missing the fact that it still goes off if you get hit after a certain point (like 1 second I think) has got to be intentional at this point.
I actually like rotten butterflies. A better way to rot bosses than Crimson Bloom
Dude that intro was so weird lmao, wouldn't expect anything else from you, Rusty.
It would be cool if the enraged divine beast talisman also buffed lightning and ice along with wind, since those are the three elements the lion uses
HI RUST MAN
This guy doing anything but just ranking all the dlc weapons like dammnnnnnnnnnnnnnn let me know if the Smithscript weapons are even still worth it.
First 5 mins
bros washed 😭 only 2.5k views in 9 minutes 😭😭
RUSTY! You gotta collab with Youwy. Dude took 4 hours to roast your "All Weapons" list and he's got us all convinced you trolled us all putting Vyke's at #1. It's free real estate, bro
wow ive never been this early for one of these. hahaha ruste
8 minutes
Rusty., You're awesome! Let's be friends, okay?
YOU ARE LATE RUSTY,I HAVEN'T GOTTEN MY FIX YET
I’ve actually had huge success with twin moons in PVE - combos hella well into the gavel spell
the best part of thjis video is when you stared straight into the camera and screamed "WAKE UP" repeatedly as my computers fan rapidly increased in speed until my computer crashed then booted up normally. It was a really nice touch.
Woooooooooo here's some engagement on this video in return for the wonderful Sunday entertainment!
Did rusty mention that fire resets frostbite?
Last time I was this early my girlfriend left me for it.
twin balls.
Rellanas big ol tiddies is the best remembrance. Her twin moons can bury my face any day 🥰
Radahn's swords are the most questionable scalings I have ever seen. It's like they were worried of us being overpowerred in ng+
Rotten butterflies is actually good now the rot build up on large bosses is better than scarlet Ionia  by a lot
NEW RUSTY VIDEO YOU ALREADY KNOW
I am 99% sure rusty's rememberance would just be a nordvpn subscription
Can you rank all the elden ring gyatts from worst to best?
< ( = w = ) >
85 views after 58 seconds? This guy’s falling off
WOO! new Rusty video, these are so often that it is almost like he has an update schedule.
These intros are the best part of rusty’s videos
Y’know I was just wondering where Rusty disappeared to. You have an uncanny ability to post whenever I think that
Damn, I thought It was a boss ranking, was looking forward to rusty trying to justify why the flower is his favorite boss or some other dumb shit along those lines
Next video: ranking all rusty intros
Cant watch right now, he better not mention how fire damage can reset frostbite
Fell off hard 1 view in 25 seconds at 0:00
I too like to fill myself with helium
Why does bro always sound like his wife took his kids and his purpose in life has ended? 🙏 💀
rusty ima eat u okay?
Best intro you've made so far.
Hi
Wake the fuck up bae Rusty just uploaded a video
No way another ranking! Idc if its "slop" its fun to watch
W
Is that a family guy joke
1 view zamn
1 view bro fell off
Rust   y
1 view in 20 seconds. Fell off L.
Wake up mom, new Rusty video
Watching this while farming
Hm, I'm early.
He posted!
*VIDEO PATCH NOTES 1.01* As of Patch 1.14...  → Bayle's Flame Lightning's attack power has been upped from 250/190/250 (Phys/Fire/Lght) to 280/220/280. This is a relatively small change in the grand scheme and likely does nothing to change its position on this list. ( #13 )  *Upward Adjustments:* → Rellana's Twin Moons has a bigger attack range on the first and second attacks. The second attack has a lower knockback value, presumably to line up enemies more comfortably for the final slam. This will likely result in more consistent damage. ( #22 → #21 ) → Midra's Flame of Frenzy now has increased attack speed, but noticeably decreased status buildup speed, making it harder to proc the talisman. This is ultimately a net positive, but Aged One builds might need to work a little harder. ( #20 → #19) → Rotten Butterflies dealt more status buildup than I thought it did in 1.13 previously, but the nature of what the list is kinda fucks it over. I will concede that it's not the worst remembrance item, but being better than Scarlet Aeonia is not a high bar, as the incantation still leaves much to be desired in both the hyperarmor and the FP efficiency department.  *New placements:* #23 - Light of Miquella #22 - Rotten Butterflies #21 - Rellana's Twin Moons #20 - Land of Shadow #19 - Midra's Flame of Frenzy  Everything else remains unchanged.
I second ago is pleasuring
I waited so long for this
First
First
