we're not like those other scientists: our shit soup is fresh, never frozen.
Serious neuron activation when the BattleTanx title screen music started playing!
What's the song at 2:26
Popping by to say thank you sam I've been wanting to play abiotic factor since I saw this video. Finally playing it and I love it so much. Sad you never continued , there's soooo much more stuff
That battletanks music at 4:30 brings me back to
More
Where's my update! What have the science nerds done so far!!!
To find the recipe for soder the black smith has a pot next to him that will teach you
the people demand the Song!
Man, I wish more creators explored this awesome game, especially after the 1.0 release. I have over 300 hours and I haven't even finished the game because I'm having too much fun doing everything else.
this game has so much content they didnt see a 1/4 of it
WHERE CAN ONE FIND THIS SONG XD?
Listen here you little slimy slimy man, release the footage of ep. 2. I have sources that indicate it WAS recorded, so where is it sam???
4:57 the hellp mentioned?!?!?
still waiting on the second episode of the men of science🔥 the game is even better now that its fully out highly recommend continuing the game
Still waiting for the full release of the men of science song
ugh this video got me craving some bad soup
So 1.0 hit. Ive sunk nearly 200 hours in 2 weeks into it. Where's episode 2? Im gonna make my own if I gotta wait longer
1:55 bro turned into the Leyak for a second.
Sam man we need more men of science
Next episode NOW!
i sing that science song to myself to this day.
Bizzle is peak vibe, Sam is cool to I guess.
I can't recommend this game enough. It's like Half-Life+SCP+Prey with more building elements. The scope of the game is way more than I expected when I went into it, it just keeps getting bigger and cooler as you progress. This video showcases the early game, but it has much more depth than shown. 9.9/10 easy.
Give us new episode
There was never a part 2 :(
6:56 dont worry my buddy and i jad multible crash outs because of this XD your are not allon =p
praying or another play through in its 1.0 state
1.0 is out lets see the part 2!
WHERES PART 2
So if you collect the turds from after eating nothing but turd soup, those turds are comprised of just turds, and are possibly Super Turds?
You NEED to play the new update
This is the best base location by far.
where is part two
Just a reminder that 1.0 came out if your wanted to ruin another soup.
Mr. GeneralSam sir, now that the game has been released fully, I think you are due for the MEN of SCIENCE
Why am I seeing this absolute gold a year late 😂
Can we get a part 2 or atleast a revisit since the 1.0 update dropped?
Damn I never saw this video lmao. You should make another one now that 1.0 is released.
still waiting for the second episode of men of science
They added a solder recipe next to the forge guy for you lol
they will get their shit absolutely rocked past security i can just tell.  IS WHAT I WOULD HAVE SAID IF SAM DIDNT LIE ABOUT A SECOND EPISODE COMING!!!
In my opinion, one of the best survival games of all time. 1.0 just came out a few days ago.
4:22 brother used battle tanx N64 OST, Love it
Grandmaster Samuel the 3rd may you appease to your people by making another vid on this game since it released for us console peasants?  👉👈
5:40 Sam: SDIYBT
Well, wheres the next episode?
any chance of re visiting this game sam now its out of early access?
I think the Men of Science have officially retired.
Coming back to this gem since it just dropped on game pass
second episode uh when?
BRO THIS GAME IS OUT AND ITS CRAZY NOW PLAY IT SAM
You should get the bad soda you can get it by hitting a certain unique vending mashine and then it will send out one soda that's in a black wrapping.  If you drink it it gives you 2 stats.  Death and Poison.
this video is not half as good as the tune.
almost has a mill views, still no sequel
Black Mesa if it was realistic
Is the science song available anywhere? shit caught me off guard
4:15 "yeah cause that was made with love" laughed so hard I started choking.
The people you play with compliment your humor so much omg I could watch these for days
8:31 perfect recreation of Sam on the Appalachian trail
LMFAO that song!😂
When is the next episode you fk lier No one cares about your crappy Skyrim videos that isn't as good as your old ones, I WANT YOU TO USE YOUR SMARTS AND EAT POOP SOUP
Where’s part 2!
Give me the next episode
I periodically come back to this video just for the song..... quality stuff
still waiting for part 2...
please sam, it's been over eleven months. science has advanced so much since the monumental debut of "Men of Science - Volume 1". if there is still any passion in your heart for further scientific discovery, we would absolutely adore a sequel to this vintage classic. i think a small tweak you'll love is that since this video was uploaded, the developers have recognized shit soup as an actual meal. it actually makes us smell like shit now
Hey bro, we need more shit soup
are men of science coming back in 1.0??
Okay very based of you to use the BattleTanx theme at 4:22
I NEED THE 2ND EPISODE
Still can’t believe it’s made by the same people who made Unfortunate Spacemen
You liar, there is no second video !
2:35 bro that line has me cackling
Recliners are just stimming chairs for old men. U put me in a recliner i cant stop rocking bro
Bizzle the radioactive man coming back to give everyone hugs and show them cool rocks he found. This rock tastes sour!
jus took me 5 taps to hit the "stop alarm" button on my phone. Think im losing it boys
This is some strong science.
what is the name of  that science song
One of my favorite videos. Seen it like 5 time now XD
Yo can we get an extended mix of the science anthem?!
3:25 Bryan is about as good at lying as he is at seeing.
The order soldiers seem to be speaking a mix of English, Latin, and French (not just French).
MORE! PHROG! MORE! PHROG!
WE NEED MORE SAM! GET RECORDING!!
9 months later I am asking for more of this
one of the funniest sam videos
The influences that the original Half-Life on this game are super obvious.
2:23 to 2:45 yw should get the full song tho fr.
Where did part 2 go? We pray.
New update, Sam. Need to play this again
When next episode? 3 years away?😢 I should probably tell staltt Sam be slacking get him cracking that whip on sam the puppet
Hey btw Sam I think they released the full game this month
hey big man, where's the next video?
So about those men of science...?
ummmm sammm im still waiting for the next video
wheres the next vid on this game
Never eat shit soup. It can half your life.
haha. poop soup.
i literally come back to this video to hear the song
I need more now. this game is too good
When brian said he didn't do it ... he definitely did it
2:35 This line goes so hard
half life 3 looking sick
It werent the shit that killed ye, it was the lead sonny
great representation of tthe game
i need that science song lmao just  for that line "you may get pussy but we synthesized it, named it your mom and proceeded to raw dog it"
PART 2 WHEN?
Please someone what is this game called
Whens the next video coming?
Abiotic Factor is my fav game of 24. Can’t wait for the next patch/expansion. Fun video!
general sam actually almost got solder filtered
The "Science" song is AI generated huh ? ..... we're never gonna get it in full ? ..... ... ... that's so mean to pull smth like that
rewatchable. probably the best attribute in a yt video
Yo Sam!  Where the fuck is the sequel huh!?
You might as well retire, I don't think you'll make anything funnier than this
It is Dec 16th, 2024, where tf is the second part dammit
Sam, we need that science song, help a rat out son.
Where’s the next instalment of science guys?!?
amboiotic factor is the best... up there with fallout newvegas
when I played this game with my buds we got trapped in a corner of the library and I shat all over the place and we kept getting knocked down and everyone got covered in my shit
i would LOVE to see more of this game
Where can we find that Science Song, I don't see it in Jiffies tracks.
SAM WHT IS THIS SONG AT 2:21
2:24 I CAN'T FIND THIS SONG ANYWHERE did you sneak an og song into a video and didn't give us the full release? Or is Google just absolute shit now and isn't delivering the goods? SAM HELP what is it?
Fuck that AI song goes hard
Did you buy a lab coat just for this video?
why do your view models look like that bruh
"Which will be on the next episode of, MEN OF SCIENCE!" ... well that was a fucking lie.
PhrogBiscuit‬  kinda sounds like gianni.
Can I get that science ai song somewhere
Sam, that aint no vape at the end, thats POT. DEVILS CABBAGE
Where the fuck is part 2 Samuel??
no 2nd part huh?
Where’s our next episode Sam?
2:23 WHAT SONG IS THIS
yeah okay sam where's the NEXT EPISODE
hey, you dirtbag you better come out with the second episode of this game or Iwon’t be responsible for my actions. The balls in your court
where the FUCK is the followup. disgraceful.
What’s the song at the start?? The epic 80s science one
Part 2??? 🧐🧐🧐
It's been 3 months now
I need a link to the science song pls!
Would love a full version of Man of Science.
SUCH A GOOD GAME
ITS BEEN THREE MONTHS SAM! WHEN IS OUR NEXT EPISODE OF MEN OF SCIENCE
I’m late to the news, I just saw a clip of it today, Does Sam know about The Forever Winter?
I’m late to the news, I just saw a clip of it today, Does Sam know about The Forever Winter?
i love how bad the lyrics are on your ai songs. really captures the imagination of people who use ai
Abiotic factor is such a good game
that science song rocks hard man i need a 10 hour bass boosted version
I just got this and I did the exact same reaction. "SNAKE SKIN BELT!!"
battle tanx music got me
Someone please tell me the name of the science rap song... I need it for science
GIVE US THE SONG!
HOLY SHIT BATTLE TANX THEMESONG WHAT A THROWBACK
2:12 dear god can i get a full drop on that heater that started playing
Man you can just tease a part 2 with a cliff hanger and just not post one
Man you can just tease a part 2 with a cliff hanger and just not post one
Still hoping for ep 2!
Samuel Your real family is here, that "daughter" and "wife" are all fake made by poob and bryan stop listening to them listen to us release more of these videos
we getting a second part now that Crush Depth is out?
Where's the sequel to this?
Where is ep 2 of "Men of Science" Sam?? Im too invested!!!
sam listen to your real family, us. we want more of this
Sam and friends replicating 120 Days of Sodom.
17:46 is that a particle accelerator Everyone else shut up nerd
We need more!!!
And no women? Classic
I come back to this video just to hear “cleft in twain”
NEXT EPISODE NOW
Still waiting for the continuation
Don't think I didn't notice the song from Battletanks
when part 2
found out if you kick the door it goes through anything barricading it.
That intro fucking slaps. I want a full version I can put on repeat.
Music reminds me of picos school on newgrounds lol  Edit: ok the 1st 2 minutes did lol
more pls
samuel please put out the next episode
someone please tell me what the intro song is i need it
4:22 holy fuck, is that N64 Battletanx music? It totally is I just check lol, Christ I haven't heard that themesong for at least 20 years and I somehow still instantly recognized it
Play more. lol
this is an absolute Slam Dunk of a Video. need more of this game Immediately
I loved the part where you Abiotic'd all over your factor
is that a fucking Battletanx from the n64 song at 4:22 ????!
"They had no way with the chicks in highschool" says the man who never went to highschool and let's not pretend that if you hadn't met your wife at fucken 14 like some miracle you would be single to this day. I love your stuff.
the audio lag at the end aggravates me....
The Battletanx theme is chef's kiss.
yEA cus that was made wiff luv
this feels like it should've been a part 2 with where the video starts
I can't believe you guys have a poop knife!
It's been 3 weeks, Sam. We need a performance review on how the bowel scientists have been doing.
you should play more hunt showdown
Moar of this, pls
Okay I get Americans pronounce words differently but the way Sam says solder ruined my day 😂
Share the song bro
I need that part two General Sam, this video was a banger
Brother in christ lol. I save your content for when life is shitty and this one gave me the laughs I needed revently lol. this is def getting saved. please for the love of god never stop being you haha
The pocket protector😂😂
Yeah.. thats the battletanx theme... subbed.
what is that song in the beginning, i need the full version
When part 2 ?
Will we ever get another trip with hiking and shrooms? :D
3:04 sounds like one of them vulture things from the movie The Dark Crystal.
Can we get the full science song? It's to good
Gonna need a full version of that science rap.
good, more
DONT FUCK WITH THE SCIENCE TEEEEEEAAAAAAAAMMMMMMMM
Brooooo that man of science sooonnnggg its soooo goooood! replay replay reeeplaaayyy LONGER VERSION PLLLLEEEWWAAAASSSEEE
I almost puked at the part with the salty poop soup
The song reminds me of the old general sam original song “catalyst boyz”
One of the only people whos videos i can watch multiple times and still laugh my ass off thanks for being you Sam
forget the game, let's just cook poop!
My my you have changed..
These new intro songs are straight bangers. 😂
It's nice to hear Bryan's voices one more time. I hope sam and Bryan's family still talk after his passing.
Have you played remnant 2? Tis on the Xbox pass but slaps a bit harder on steam. Worth
abandon your children and post more we miss you
"French dudes with gun are not helping!" armored guy proceeds to yell "throwing grenade" in Russian
Is there more of that science song
holy crap brian is still alive?
4:23 Was that FUCKING Battle Tanx music? HELL YEAH!
@GeneralSam did you make that science banger? lol
play helldivers?
Bryan loses his cam and all of a sudden he starts talking again.
cnan you cook again
3 minute shit joke
behind scenes of any scenario in games and movies lmao
The moustache is part of the method acting.
ngl the song at the start goes kinda hard
"I always come in the bottom." ~ General Sam
As a scientist I highly appreciate the song
Was that song AI generated or did you get Jippy to sing it or something?
that intro was HARD
Regarding the Forehead Fables Bumper:  A) Vanna White, &  B) You are showing Wheel of Fortune, NOT Jeopardy~
BATTLETANX MUSIC HELLLLLLL YEAAAAAAAAAH! 4:22
It's heart-wrenching hearing Bryan's voice for the last time
sam has been going buck wild with the AI music recently lmao
Wonder why the video doesn't have a sponsor.
hl1 theme drop, mosh
Everyone's talking about Brian, but nobody's talking about the fact that he's on the science team.
*in heimerdonger's voice* uhm excuse me I AM a real life nerd.  Electrical Engineer for NASA and shit.  This game is a farce.  That wasn't a diode, they only have 2 leads (anode and cathode).  That was a transistor because it has 3 leads (base, collector, and emitter).  If they are going to come at the true nerds they better come correct!
Yes
Another certified banger =D
Was that the BattleTanx theme at 4:23??!!?
i was thinking about how i havent watched you in ages and you suddenly pop up ?
That science musical intro had me in stitches
Whats the song at the start
accidently played this in .75 playback and you guys sound like downs syndrome drunk on 4loko
intro song has been stuck in my head since this was posted
my little goon pooch
Can you share the songs you have created on Suno
who else opens the video and immediately clicks like before you even start the video?  im gonna ride sams dong for a sec and just say, when i see a generalsam upload, i get a little tingly in my no no zone.
A man of SCIENCE! 2:12
frozen fresh shit soup
The song is the best thing ever 😂
He was a shit snitcher
Find it kinda funny the thing they needed to fix the last pump was legit in frame when they said WTF it was.
I know Sam cares less about viewer interaction than his wife and kids, but I really hope we get more of these Abiotic Factor videos. Nothing like watching Sam try to adjust to having a normal job again via weird video games.
the whole part where you made the shit soup made me laugh harder than I have in a very long time. that was incredible
BRIAN DETECTED: ERECTION MODE: ON
"Heavens Gate member" is fucking insane Sam
Sam eating shit is the funniest shit i've ever seen
"J"
4:09 best line in the video was bizzle's response here.
the music in this one was bangin. HL and BATTLETANKS!
ISO Jippy Science song
No way 3 videos in 1 month thats insane! Thank you for your generosity SAM 🙏! I watch YT just for you haha
I dont think there's ever been a more "General Sam" game ever made
I’d really like to see Neil deGrasse Tyson just try to explain this one
Finally a game to play as the Half Life scientests.
Gutes Video mach weiter so! Ps Wann kommt mal wieder Dark and Darker?
Abiotic factor mentioned 🗣️🗣️🗣️
which app do you use for the songs??? And what the heck is the beeping noise for???
2:40 banger song
this channel fell off so hard, one or two more garbage uploads and im unsubbing
Number 50 on trending!
You don't need that many pens Sam
That CHAIR belongs to Harry, the Handsome Executive!
"Yeah cuz that was made with love" had me cracking up
Why do they say solder like that?
Really need the songs seperate
Wouod love to have seen that bryan guy on a podcast, hope he gets invited to one soon.
*watched this while poopin*
thanks for finally quitting tarkov, loser
where, can I find the science song
Uh-oh Sam #38 in trending. You getting normie on me bro?
I love this!
Im with the science team! AArghhhhhh!!!
2:22 Is that Suno AI, Sam? Sounds sick lmao
Oh no, scientists are not paid well. At least not relative to their education expenses and what is expected of them on the job. At least 1/3 of scientists report regularly working 60+ hour weeks, and they are paid salary not hourly.
This is amazing
Ayyy
Blue collar workers when Sam calls Soder a physical thing 😐
I miss Bryian's laugh on the podcast 😢
unbelievably funny, bed trap had me in tears
Dang Samithee that N64 BattleTanx soundtrack really caught me off guard, good shit (soup)
Bro got Battletanx ost playing in this vid?! That shit rocked.
This game slaps
Quality vid.
12:22 *Trades with Blacksmith* Blacksmith: This solder smells like shit!? 💩👃
nerd has money?
4:23 holy shit, that Battle Tanx theme opened up a core memory.
Bryan talked more in this one video than the entirety of forehead fables time
Is the science song not out yet?? I can’t find and it’s such a bopper!!
As a chemist, I have to deal with the horrors of creation on a daily level. Spawned a new acid-spitting demon creature yesterday.
Love that the top comment right now has people trying to figure out whether they are gaslighting us about one of them dying. Truly one of the comments.
"this solder tastes like shit"   "It IS shit Austin."
What is the song that’s playing in the end credits I’ve searched jippy’s songs and I can’t find it
The Battletanx soundtrack was one hell of a throwback.
Where’s that BattleTanx gameplay?
Die of laughter reference perchance?
egglog
Any way to get the full intro song?
that’s exactly what frankenstein monster did more or less. swirley in the toilet is roughly the same as killing the cousin fiancé
A seminar about the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)’s forced organ harvesting crimes was held at the Tianmen Gallery in Paris, France on October 21, 2023.  David Matas, a renowned human rights lawyer from Canada, shared his decades of investigation into this ongoing horrific crime that has Falun Gong practitioners as the major victims. He said that fighting for human rights is the responsibility that everyone should try their best to take on.   David Matas giving the talk during the seminar  The Investigation Back in March 2006, a Chinese woman, Annie (alias), published a statement in Washington D.C. She said that her ex-husband, a surgeon at the Sujiatun Hospital in Shenyang City, Liaoning Province, had disclosed to her that he had removed cornea from 2,000 living Falun Gong practitioners between 2002 and 2005. Other doctors in the hospital also removed other organs from more practitioners. These victims were killed in the process and their bodies were cremated to destroy the evidence. The organs were sold to wealthy Chinese or foreigners who were in China for transplant tourism.  A non-government organization in Canada contacted David Matas and the late David Kilgour, former Secretary of State for Asia Pacific, inviting them to conduct an independent investigation into this matter.   After months of investigation, they published a 140-page report in July 2006, which drew “the regrettable conclusion that the allegations are true.” They also found that the atrocity didn’t only take place in the hospital Annie’s ex-husband worked for, but in many other hospitals across China
As a scientist this is 100% accurate
I imagine the lyrics to these songs written by Bizzle and fed to ai to sing em
Banging sam
Fibur optic cable
this was good actually
Is this the same session Stalltt made a video on a few months back?
The AI Brian voice is getting scarily good.
Now make your brother eat that
I'd love to see you guys play Content Warning! You guys would have a hoot.
UPLOAD MORE PODCASTS. Especially if all that's talked about is random stuff lol. Waiting every month to maybe get 1 episode is annoying
8:33 reminds me of that one tragic camping trip you took with your brother
What's the song?
Peak game for Sam and the guys, but why no Helldivers
UM ACTUALLY IT'S FRANKENSTEIN'S MONS- oh you said that sorry
Sam plays a game that simulates a Poob stream. Mostly piss breaks.
the fact I have to shit so bad I'm turtling and i opened this video to that just felt like some sort of cosmic event.
I love how this is first just a video about a fun looking game and then all the sudden turns into a video about cooking poop... and nothing else anymore.
why don't you go polish an apple felt like a deeper cut than it should have been
8/10
What is this song, I want to listen to this banger
is this just black mesa
#15 on trending. Damn.
i swear bizzle think he top shelf now. hes changed
everytime i watch a sam video i get a blast from the past because some of the music he uses in the background comes from old n64 games like battletanks and beetle racing haha
rip bryan
Always love to see what costume and props Sam uses for the video. It's that extra effort that just *Chef's kiss* perfecto.
Lmao the ai science song 😂😂
top tier content
Gotta start leaving links to these banger tracks my guy
number 15 on trending is so amazing
It’s so funny seeing everyone with leg injuries from Sam’s tripmines
That science song went crazy
As a scientist, I completely agree with the opening statement. Our jobs suck. We have that one good time when everything falls in place and you publish, and then you ride that high until you publish again, or quite due to burnout.  Its academics, baby
that science musical bit at the beginning is so good
nobara is very likely dead either way it’s more whether megumi and gojo both come back or not. if yuji dies, it’s only megumi who lives. only other option i see is gojo staying dead a nobara comes back w megumi for the trio ending but very unlikely she comes back imo
You fuckers make me laugh, then I get a bit sad because my bros all have kids and there’s no point me getting games that require friends.
I love that crossbow design...
Love this game
first
I wish I had friends to play this with. Everytime I bring it up to them to check it out they go and start talking to each other about other games they want that are on sale. Completely disregarding me.
Love the battle tanks music in the backgroud lol
the ingame character sounds like he is subbed to r/aww and posts that he prefers pepsi over coke at r/unpopularopinion
Bryan’s alive?!?
Sam just needed another excuse to reuse the scientist coat because no one has ever heard of this game.
We miss you Bryan
@Yanks  soLder Thank you
The songs you started making for the videos are so fucking good 😂
i feel like everyone is dying recently. it sucks.
2:15 is to good lol.
What a shitty game.
Amazing
Ai music man come on at least pay some idiot on fiver to sing it
Currently taking a shit while watching sam eat poop soup
18:25 Ngl the Charles Bronson glasses go hard on Sam
also this game reminds me very much of half life 1, its probably inspired and im just not bothering to look into it
where arena breakout
lout freid crap yore pathetic,  enjoy the treats while you waste out
General Sam fw rick
15:02
The killer soup part is insane
Did i say you could make abiotic factor video, Sammy?
This game looks awesome, like half life 1, lethal company, the various scp games, and the backrooms all in one big pot of soup. (caution soup may also contain shit)
1:37 Frankenstein's monster killed a bunch of his loved ones
i love how Sam doesn't give a single shit about EFT drama and all Tarkov clones every other streamer plays rn. Sam's just happy to play little silly shitty games
Why do they make us wear these REDICULOUS ties?!
What's the name of the science song at the start? It is hilarious and i cant find it anywhere.
Fuck this video game shit man you should put out an album of ai songs. Youre the only person ive seen making actually funny shit with it
We need more advanced shitting mechanics in games
u need to try barotrauma with your frinds i realy think this game will suit you and for a funny video . cool Rp elements !!!!!
i cant believe sam uploaded this beloved footage of bryan after he skydived impaled himself on g washingtons protruding nose. so disrespectful
I found this at 1 am when drunk off my ass and throwing up. Thanks man. Love you.
what is this SCIENCE song? is it ai generated
"I cleft it in twain!"
love the Ai music
Comment 420, nice
This was by far the best video to watch on the toilet. Good job, everyone.
If you played half life you know what happens to scientists.
I remember playin the beta of this with the homies Had a blast but totally forgot about it Glad to see something came of it - Got it wishlisted now
I took edibles earlier and the poop soup bit got me so hard I shitted myself
I think you could’ve fit more pens on that lab coat.
Hearing Brian's voice after he abandoned the podcast is... hard 😔
We still not gonna talk about tarkov Mr Rat Man
genuinely my favorite video from sam in a long time, instant classic
Bro, the BattleTanx title screen music blasted my ass back to the past.
🗣YOU MAY GET PUSSY BUT WE SYNTHESIZED IT🗣
*The way this man puts these videos together 👌*       It's God tier comedy 🙏😇👏
"yea that was made with love" came from the soul of a man who craved shitty DFAC food compared to a cold MRE with a broken FRH.
Now this is epic
after a long day of work ur the only thing perventing me from killing myself. just kidding my mental isnt there yet give a few days
Someone tell me the name of the song
poop soup
the black smith literally gives you the solder recipe but these rude hooligans talked over him and didn't listen
drinking death soup with the homies
Here Sam, hope this helps: if you examine the boiling cooking pot next to the trade items guy, you get the recipe for solder in your soup recipe codex section. Yes i watched the whole video. Hope this helps in your future solder problems.
"IM AT THE SOUP STORE"
*the black warrior*
I really liked the part where he and Phrog proceeded to Stalltt'd it up
need that song
So Bryan’s good enough to play games with but not be on the podcast. What a horrible person.
This video sucks
Poop soup. Spoop. Spoup.
The songs in this video and the stalker video are mint
Oh scape goat Bizzle 😂
I could rawdog an eclair rn
horrific creatures, space monsters, and the french. yep, i wont be playing this one.
Played the play test for this game when that came out! Glad its fully released now! it's been hella fun
Need a full version of the Men of Science song
The most I've heard Brian speak in a year.
Why is this not in vr ??
Showing your age with that BattleTanx music
Great video and great music bits. Love the Battle Tanks theme song.🤣💯❤️
This is a triple S tier banger, plus the song fuckin slaps
Another General Sam banger!
This game is conceptually brilliant, please tell me it's good
4:20 makes me feel like...... i need to rescue my wife from a cannibalistic gang using a Abrahms tank and forming my own army throughout my journey.
Live, laugh, toaster bath
Killer content
Ayy
Scientist is my day job and I can confirm this is pretty much 100% correct. I say "pretty much" because as a scientist, we are allowed 1-3% leeway.
how did you fuck up the podcast clip so bad that the audio/video is not in sync
Sam on the cutting edge of AI music.
we need the science song.
Abiotic factor absolutely fucks
art as always
Science rulez
That song slapped
2:25 what is the song called ????
Been waiting for this since the Seneral Gam vid
these AI made songs that sam has been doing are absolute bangers, if he is ever dropping them on youtube its going straight to the main playlist
It was worth it to watch the video, just to witness the fact that poob has the body of a 12 year old.
5:33 that’s a flat head you absolute… your lucky I can’t say what I wanted
Hey! Big fan from your escape from tarkov stuff. I recently posted a knife review of a boker balisong that can with a free pouch that resembled the emergency surgical kit? Give it a look if you're a knife buyer lol
Brian mention!!!
I refuse to believe you are pronouncing solder correctly
Mmm, solder soup.  Just like grandma used to make.
Sam stop making dope AI songs and not giving them to us you jerk!
I heard the Battle Tanx theme and had a fucking wave of nostalgia hit me. I haven't heard that in probably 20 years. It was my favorite game on N64.
You look so natural in a lab coat
Bryaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan
Science theme goes hard
I'm working on my phd to become a big science man myself, and this is actually strikingly accurate to my normal day to day going-ons. I spend a large portion of my day desperately looking for a place to shit.
The french are the worst thing about it
Sam, I gotta say it's fucking crazy to have watched you growing up, now I fucking watch you with my own kids wtf man, proud of you fucker
That forehead fables clip made me crack up
Bought the game as soon as you started taking a shit
On the horn, how old are you 80?
When more zomboid
This mother flipper doesn't even know what a diode is. What a loser
As a scientist this is giving me ptsd. I came here to escape the horrors that I’ve created yet here I stand
Black Mesa scientist simulator?? Hell yes
Wait, what the frick? I thought brian died in that horrific accident that's too nsfw to even talk about
4:30 That soundtrack is "BattleTanx (N64) Music - Title Screen" Is N64 music not copyright?  Neat.
Sam not doing stupid bullshit to impede his team? Not my YouTuber
Hey Sam if you read this, please turn off the "Don't show potentially inappropriate words" setting in the automatic captioning settings. I turned on the CC to follow the video better while crunching down on some chips, but having every curse word censored is very annoying and makes it hard to follow on just the subtitles. I may not be deaf (yet) so for me it's only a problem when I'm eating while watching, but I'm sure people who actually rely on the subtitles would appreciate it as well.
“You may get pussy, but we synthesized it, named it your mom, and proceeded to rawdog it. Science!” Best bar of the century hands fucking down.
Sam is the only person I know who can make 10 minutes of eating shit and still be entertaining
I’m feeling distinctly anhydrous ☝️
Man, gonna come back to this to listen to Bryan again later. The podcast just isn’t the same with him gone. Thank you Sam for sharing some of his last content. Rest in peace Bryan, butterbarn every saturday in your honor.
I'm surprised we haven't gotten a vid from Sam screaming about the greedy Tarkov devs yet
nahhh dont tell me you guys are doing more irl podcasts, poob is now bringing is the woman vibe to sams mancave with scented candles
Nothing taste like turd soup in the lab
We had a funeral for Bryan and it turns out he’s still alive? I want my money back
Holy battle tanks theme.
The game calls a triode a "diode" I'm in pain
Sometimes, but only faintly, I swear I can still hear Brian's voice. RIP little bro, rip
This was the most professional Sam will ever dress.
Another banger song.. album when?
'Science' is the hit of the summer holy shit, cant wait for the full release
"sodder" lol
Frankensteins monster did come to life and give him a swirly by killing everyone in his life
That banger available anywhere? 2:37
The Damn French!
Is this based on Half Life?
All that work for a eating poop bit. Seems like a waste.
New cooking show menu item?
What happens when you "trust the science"
The Scientists sound suspiciously like Gianni at this point i expect him in every indy game 😅
Man, the battle tanks theme song really hit me
Next thing you tell the sciencemen are micturating in the soup!
Well, there goes our grant money :( (Please send help, we've have been eating pest for the last 3 months, and the radiation is causing us to hallucinate)
Can you play as the French soldiers so you can fuck up some nerds? lol
Man really had the opportunity to say, "We may shit in buckets, but we give no fuck-its" and missed. 2:30
Every single part required for the pumps is literally unnecessary or bi-passable  by someone who understands basic electronics but maybe it's a choice
What is that science song it's great I need to find it
I HATE you
The Secret Labs ad for the midroll right after jumping with the office chair, <chef's kiss>
SCIENCE!
At least they have the salary to afford a beautiful Eames Lounge Chair with accompanying Ottoman. God is good 🙏
Sick AI jam doggie
That song slaps
what is the name of the song during men of science. i need to hear that whole thing.
This game is literally the definition of "WE'RE THE SCIENCE TEAM!"
I was almost certain this was another familial cooking adventure with Sam...Im glad I was wrong.
a
the whole poop segment while im eating is making my food taste better. i have 7 hours left to live because it turns out im eating poo soup
I was happy that I bought a butter burger from calvers for this but than i regret what I have done
ummm akshually that looks alot more like a capacitor and not a diode.
Brian clone confirmed. Brian actual died in a horrific car crash.
Sam looking so fresh in that lab coat he could tell me the earth was flat, and I'd have to believe him.
WE NEED THE SCIENCE SONG SAM!
wake up babe, sam posted!
Fuck i keep thinking is charborg video!
Sam obviously doesn’t know about the stimulant fueled STEM orgies we have at the UCs.
Battle tankz goes hard
I like Sam's short video style but I also wish he would upload long form content aswell
I watch Sam and friends to see if a game is safe for children ❤️👌
That men of science song at the beginning slaps seriously hard, i would happily pay for a full track of it
2:24 someone please tell me this song ?
I see Sam cranked up the old man filter to look more like a distinguished dr guy
so, if you give a french guy a gun, doesnt he just give up faster? did i just make a self bubble joke?
Ah yess 1800s poop stew 🍲
R.I.P brain fly high mane 🕊
I normally really dislike AI created content, but these music tracks Sam's been getting cooked up are fire 😂
thank god sam uploaded
2:23  absolute banger intro
What is the name of that intro song😂😂
there's a certain "rat" that was cleft in twain
Be careful releasing all the content you have with Brian. Before you know it’s all gone. RIP
32 viewers Sam fell off
I'll never understand how i relate so much to this fucking degenerate as a man of science mytself
Shit soup seems like a Subway type of meal. _If you know, you know._
More diarrhea-smoothie content pls
You actually can fecal vomit btw
Where can I find the full "men of science" song? I love science
this game rocks
What a fun group dynamic; I'm still trying to figure out who is polishing whose hood ornament here.
best game, really looking forward to seeing where the devs take it.
Who the hell is bryak? 😂
ive been playing this game a bunch recently with friends. it's genuinely incredible
I've been playing this game for the past couple games with a buddy purely on VOIP and holy shit it's so good. Excited to watch the rest of the video, but thank you for spreading the good word of Science, Sam.
First
Yo, that science song was hot, where do I get that at?
Black mesa: Pre resonance cascade scientist simulator
next episode?? yyeeyyeeahhh!!
this game isn't new sam, half life came out in 1998
omg AI Brian, so good to hear his voice after his passing.
General Sam. Your silence cannot be allowed to continue. Play Exanima again or draw the ire of Dump Truck Phil. Derrin awaits you in the abyss where you left him.
A 20 minute video on eating shit, the most Sam video ever.
Not the usual sam standards 😢
Just got outta surgery got home and saw that you posted  thanks sam❤
4:30 hittin me with those battle tanks n64 days feels
13:28 D E F E A C A T A T E
MORE MEN OF SCIENCE
Petition for Sam to make shit soup in his next food related video
Is that Bryan?.... Hes back?!
Wait, Bryan is alive?
Why is the comment section just a copy and pasted thread from Reddit
Gonna need some more of this one brother ☝️
The problem me and my friend had with this game was if we got stuck there was no googling anything, because if you googled abiotic factor 1-2 weeks ago it was all just science nerd shit that had nothing to do with the game. 8/10 only problem is that the game isn't finished
Live, Laugh, Larp?  General Sam paradox gamer?
you probably figured this out by now, but if a door only partially opens because of something blocking it you can kick it open and it'll bypass anything keeping it shut
Sure has been a suspicious lack of Tarkov since they done fuqed up. 😂
Our baby boy Brian is back.
good to see Bryan made it out of Vipers garage
Ewww, Brian.
dat Battletanx cameo
Wish the Bry guy was in that outro clip.
Where podcast
Sam in a labcoat is a knock-off version of Dr. Darling from Control
I thought brian died 😐
this one's a knee slapper for sure
i am SO Happy that there is more songs in this video! Grade A dude
Whats the website you used for the AI song
Never thought I'd hear Battle Tanx soundtracks ever again.
The podcast lost Bryan so that means more uploads for us 🎉
RIP Bryan.
Thank you for the laughs love your sense of humor
i think the dudes your calling french are more russian than anything or eastern europe
I JUST CAME
An elvish man of science eh?
Wendy's gonna sue for stealing their recipes
Sam's getting ideas for the next cooking video...
Last
You didn't even give the good good soup to Coworker? After all those years of loyal service?
the bathroom stalls were the only way to stop you fiends from stealing our logs
they straight extracted the assets from we happy few lmao
Science beat go hard 🤓🔥🔥
I'm not gay dude stop!!!! You're going to make me coom, bro stop!!
Another banger vid from the Samminator
This Bryan AI is pretty good but there are some telltale signs that it's not actually him
I missed Bryan
“Check out this clip from my podcast” UPLOAD SOMETHING BROTHER
theres a bathroom in the lockers right next to your living area
Bryan? Is that Bryan? The red dragon himself?! Praise the sun!
this bryan guy seems awfully funny, he should join a podcast
cracked out half life
NICE
Fresh Sam joint just dropped. Time to binge watch Sam all night
this video is like a perfect recap of my chemistry PhD. shit video as always but loved it sam. <4
That character is about 120lbs short of being you buddy.
Yesssss more general sam
The BattleTanx music goes so hard
oh hi sam
HEY EVERYONE, BRYAN'S BACK!
Love the BattleTanx music
Oh snap. Brian's alive!
This is just a fetish video for your shit-eating addiction.
Love the use of the BattleTanx opening theme. Made the video for me because I live only by nostalgia.
I see you’ve let bryan out of the timeout corner
Another absolute banger from Samuel
🤣🤣🤣
8:30 Bizzle looking like Sam on the Appalachian Trail
I think these kinds of vids is what got me into sam, this vid reminded me of his old ass forest vids just sam and his boys goofin around doing shit the game never expected them to do
science song slaps
NEW GEN SAM VIDEO  YUHHHHHHHH
This game slaps real hard, the progression is paced so well.
Experiment: What if I shit on the floor? Procedure: I shit on the floor. Conclusion: Shit is on the floor.
The music reminds me of being bullied
Another banger Sam haha Thanks for the great content as always man!
Shout out to the beastie boys.  My god I’m old.
I cried hearing Bryian's voice. It must have hurt for Sam to edit the full video of the last time he talked to his best friend before the car crash.
I've been watching Stalltts videos and these and gotta say I love this game. Don't got anything else to say, just trying to do my part to help boost the algorithm with a comment.
This is amazing 😂
these new intro songs are fucking bangers Keep em cumming and the battletanxs tunes bruh
This was Great 👍
You ever pooped while a ghost brain watches? That'll put hair on your balls.
gae
I just want to finger my butt every time he posts
sam my house got destroyed by the tornado you good??
This game gave me and my friends at least 2 hours of poop laughs
These people have clearly never read the back of a Neil deGrasse Tyson book
Imma be honest, I hate the AI music
That song is a bop
What did you do to make them French?
Nice that Brian’s ghost is playing with yall
i want to be a youtuber just like you when i grow up
I liked my own comment
Sam....I need details on how to find the full version of that damn song xD
"You may get pussy but we synthesized it. Named it your Mom and proceeded to raw dog it" goes unbelievably hard lmao
Damn sam your all torso and that lab coat showed it lol
Bryan is alive 🙏👏🙌
No-Hairline shenanigans
Hopefully you, Sam. Hopefully you’re in the soup. Join us.
Had to visit the lavatory upon opening the video, so that opening was funny af
Forcefully trapping his friends in the toilet as he shits is definitely something i knew Sam would do
daddy give me soup, pls
I missed Brian’s voice….😢
isn't this just half life but not from a cool guy pov
Hello Sammy ty for video big guy 👍
Nice, love the battle tanks music.
So this game is basically Half-Life, but you play as a Black Mesa Scientist who didn't get an HEV suit and a crowbar?
2k views in 5 minutes, sam fell off.
Wait.... Brian is alive? Damn it.
we're not like those other scientists: our shit soup is fresh, never frozen.
This game looks bomb af. Love seeing a dedicated scientist analyzing this game sam
Moment of silence for all the scientists that died fighting aliens so we could have pocket pussies 😔
A game for Sam to torture is friends in AND be racist to the French? Simply Orgasmic
Keep up the good work Sam!
Dude I was literally hunting for a video to watch while I shit and low and behold, I get a general Sam notification. Thanks for being here for me while U void my bowels
Wow, 229 views 1 minute in, bro fell off
Absolutely love this game. Hope you make more
Soup 👍
cockrock
56 views in one min. dying channel
YES bro is back with the best looking survival game since minecwaf
Black Mesa Employee Simulator
Beans
Wowie zowie
1 view in 23 seconds. he fell off 🥲
Me me looove general sam
Sam can I put you in my soup?
Wow zero views in 10 seconds papa Rabbi really fell off
Wow Sam, your worst video yet. Didn’t think we could get any lower.
Sam's used to that bathroom two steps away at his house
I will touch you Sam
its an okay vid
1st
Splonking my pants at work rn
29 seconds
1 VIEW, 12 SECOND GENERAL SAM FELL OFF!
nice
?
U a G ong fr fr
One view in 22 seconds? I remember the days before you fell off
i put my balls in the soup
Oh hell yeah! This game is perfect for you!
First viewer dub
put me in the soup, coach.
My guess is plutonium 3
1 view in 14 seconds? 15 second gang for life
We up in here
YOOOOOOO
Another great video I am yet to watch! (Nevermind, sux)
Haha great video sam
First and gay
First!
1 view wow fell offf
1 view? Fell off
Hell yeah
da SOUP
First!
Wow
1st view fuckers
Gay
Love you sam
first?
Aye!
soup
