*🦋나연의 잇츠라이브🦋* 00:00 Welcome NAYEON 00:50 ABCD LIVE
歌　うまいなあ！
케이팝 아이돌의 완성형
She sound so good
Icon
song name?
太萌了
Ta fofa
Diva
she is so talented and pretty <33
she's just my favourite, thank you so much nayeon, 🤧
I like her strong voice but this isn't "live" as she has a backtrack at almost the same volume.
ナヨンが初めて参加したオーディションで、その歌声を聴いたJ.Y.Parkが度肝を抜いたらしいけど、それも納得だね。
So nobody notice the uneven nostrils?
she is the best!!
I LOVE YOU NAYEON ❤
夏を感じる
Nayeon's voice is so pretty
0:52
Love u Nayeon
La voz de Nayeon me encanta!!
목소리 진짜 좋구나
라이브천재 나연쓰
エース🐰🩷ちやん🧞‍♀️さん
Muy linda Nayeon ;33
Essa mulher é puro talento 🥹💗
Nayeo é um mito, é show❤❤ linda.
June 2025?
ME PARIU
her voice is beautiful
❤
Linda hermosa Nayeon <3
Nayeon❤😊
Hermosa Nayeooon <3
Perfect ❤
Imagine a collaboration between Ahyeon from babymonster  and Nayeon, they also have a very similar voice timbre, I hope to hear them together someday 🥰❤️
We all moved on too fast from this smh... I love my talented Nabong sm🩵  1.588 let's push to 2M asap
QUEEN ENDED LIPSYNCER JENNIE
Linda ;3
Hermosa hermosa Nayeon
That bass
diva
Nayeons mic was on but is it me or did the band sound week?
Nayeon que bien cantas, me encanta su voz! 😍
OMG SHE SOUNDS SO GOOD!!!
Linda Nayeon <3
cute
라이브로 듣는 나연이❤
she is so CUTE
It's autoune
So pretty Nayeon
cutie pie 😘💐
i feel like idols should perform often with Live band cause this sounds so good!
트와이스 팬들은 나연의 발랄하고 사교적인 모습에 익숙하다  팬들은 평소의 나연이 낯가림이 심하고 내향적이라는걸 알고는 있지만,  대부분 멤버들에게서, 나연 본인에게서 전해들어서 그렇다는걸 아는 것에 가깝다   ABCD dance practice behind 에피소드 보고 알았던게 있다  현실에서의 나연은 어쩌면 생각 이상으로 정말로 낯가림이 심하고 내성적인 사람이라는거   당시 LA에 갔을 때 들렀던 커피숍 커피 맛을 나연은 되게 마음에 들어했었지  그래서 두번째로 들리는 날에 가게 사장님에게 말도 걸어보고 싶어했었다  만나면 한국에도 가게 내실 생각은 없는지, 혹시 사장님 성씨도 임씨가 맞는지 꼭! 물어봐야지 맘 먹었던 나연  그런데 하나도 못 물어보고 나왔었다  그거 보고, 아 현실에서의 나연은 정말 찐으로 낯가림 심하고 친해지는데 시간도 많이 걸리겠구나 싶었다   솔로 가수로서의 부담감, 성공 실패에 대한 압박감  그게 어떤건지 정확히 몰라서 미안하다, 그럼에도 한 명의 팬으로서 같이 고민해가고 싶다
One of the best idols ever. Her performance skill is just to perfect that people forget her vocal 💥
Live??? Yeah, sure!
Amazing vocals
Mind blowing ❤❤
She is so beautiful
🫶🫶🫶
고맙습니다. 소즁한 퀸나연 단독무대.
솔로 가수들이 받는 압박감 - 트릭 코드 서은광 편을 보고   솔로 가수들이 느끼는 압박감은 엄청난 수준이라고 알려져 있다  뭔가 나연의 컨텐츠를 보면 좋은 얘길 해주고 싶지만, 나부터가 해본 적이 없는 직업이라서 한계가 있다  그 점은 자주 미안하게 생각한다   사실 트와이스가 앞으로도 계속 쭉 잘 되면, 그게 최선 최고겠지만  개인적으로는 2025년 트와이스 팀 활동, 특히 월드 투어 활동에서 큰 어려움이 찾아올거라 보고 있다   그래서 결국 현실적으로 남은 카드가 멤버들 개개인의 활동이 잘 되길 바라는 것 밖에 안 남는다고 본다  당장 연예계 은퇴할 수는 없지 않나? 나연 본인도 오래 활동하길 바랄텐데   참 너무도 뻔한 얘기지만 내가 좋아했던 그 위대한 가수들, 음악가들 얘길 보면  결국 평소에 항상 열심히 트레이닝하고 무대 경험 많이 쌓는 것, 그게 무조건 1순위라고 하더라   그리고 각자 나름의 루틴이랄까, 압박감을 덜어내는 요령을 찾는 것, 만드는 것도 중요하다 들었다   트와이스를 보면서 가끔 말하곤 했다  압박감 느끼고 긴장하는 것은 사람이 약해서가 아니라, 책임감을 깊이 느끼고 프로로서의 위치에 있기에 더 그런 것이라고
OMG!!Nayeon so pretty so cute <3
Lindaaa
A NAYEON é uma fofura ❤😘💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕🇧🇷
❤❤
Asombrosa, amo la voz de Nayeon <3
It's been 6 months and I still can't get over this presentation❤❤
THIS SHOULD GET YOU ALBUM OF THE YEAR ! ITS AMAZING !!!  ❤❤❤❤❤
나연 조아
QUEEN
YOU ARE THE BEST NAYEON
Bellaaaa
what a diva behavior
Nayeon reina tan talentosa .
This showed us Nayeon is really singing
I still have the meme inside my head 😂
sour DISSOPOINTED  i was waitiong for JIHYO😪
Vocal and visual
Vocal and visual
Vocal and visual
옷이 이쁘게 다금질 했네 저런 스타일도 되는 옷이 있구나
Chị ơi em yêu chị
Nayeon❤❤❤
와 라이브 개잘하네
うまいなー！！高い声が普通に出てすごい😍やっぱりナヨンさん歌手ですねー！いや、ダンスも上手いし、何でも出来ちゃうスターだ😊
man the bassist of this channel is insane.
that bass entrance provide the grooves in the start because it was too blunt at first. Thanks to that bass, it elevated the music. Nayeon voice is still beautiful as the first time I heard it <3
Nayeon i love you
linda diva
팬심을 떠나 개인 리스너로서의 생각 - 2024.10.21  나연은 지금까지 앨범 두 개를 냈다.  분명 정규 1집이 분명 나올 거라고 생각한다, 2025년, 늦으면 2026년.  그러면 바로 솔로 콘서트도 가능해질 레파토리가 갖추어지는데.   리스너로서 볼 때 딱 하나만 해줬으면 한다, 고음에서 길게 발성하기 강화.  진짜 딱 그거 하나만 꾸준히 해주면 정말 좋을 것 같다.   내가 알기론 나연의 최고음이 G5# 정도일 것이다, 팔세토라면 A6.  나연은 표현력이 매우 출중하고, 어찌보면 가장 중요한 음색도 이미 탁월하게 갖추어졌다.  트와이스에서 아직까지 고음에서 길게 지르기 + 비브라토를 제대로 '보여준' 멤버는 지효가 유일.   난 비브라토 + 웅장하게 발성하는 노래 스타일이 나연의 취향이 아닌가 보다..하고 생각했다.  그런데 확실히 그건 아닌 듯. 당장 태연의 빅 팬이기도 하고.  진짜 하루 20, 30분씩 거의 매일 호흡 강화, 긴 고음 + 비브라토 연습,  그거 하나만 해주면 좋을 것 같다. 3개월만 지나도 자신감이 상당히 더 생길 것 같다.   POP이 2018~2019년에 나왔다면 지금 나연의 개인 커리어는 훨씬 쌓였겠지.  그 부분은 솔직히 회사의 책임이 적지 않다고 판단한다.  어쨌든.. 기본기 하나만 꾸준히 해보길 바랄 뿐이다.  가장 기본이지만 가장 어려운 그 기술.  이제 트와이스는 개인이 잘 되어야 다른 멤버들에게도 좋은 기회가 간다.  광고 같은거 말고 본업적으로 그렇단 얘기. 노래든 나중에 연기든.
流石だわ
I LIKE SHOW ... SONGS VERY GREAT
Love you Nayeon ❤
Nayeon is beautiful ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Such a queen <3
🪽
NAYEON 🫶
Nayeonie
돌아와 abcd그리워ㅠ
Amo a Nayeon y ABCD
I listen to this beautiful music every day ❤
멋져요, 원곡보다 더 잘 부릅니다!!!)
I feel her points of relying on the back track are completely based in confidence. she knows what she can do, what the edit deems unrealistic, and so she leans into that to give the best performance. A true professional (as someone who doesn't stan twice but enjoys some A a sides)
Many people will compare Nayeon's voice, but to me it is one of the most comforting sounds in all of kpop.
Nayeon é talentosa e não precisa de playback ☝🏻
Nayeon you're the best
Where is jihyo?😅
nayeon is the bestttt!!!
Her live vocal is no joke
Mishka
Muy linda Nayeon! Ame este comeback
nayeon sounds so good
Maravillosa Nayeon!
1:50 where are you jihyo? 😭
노래와 배경은 트와이스를 더욱 아름답게 한다. Heaven
Twice is forever but no denying.....Nayeon was born to be a super star ! Her solo efforts have been spectacular !
i am back here because im still obsessed with her flow. you could really tell she practiced a lot. her hard work definitely paid off! (everyone go support tzuyu’s solo debut)
inlove with nayeon’s vocals! soloist jihyo, nayeon went here! hoping tzuyu next! our twice soloists!
六角型歌手
Neyeon's vocal is great, she isn't exactly what you'd call a show stopping vocalist but she was the girl who sang the most in Twice for a reason, her vocal is so stable
hey abcde
The aututon:/
Bella Nayeon <3
За всю историю кей поп небыло такой шикарной песни и такого шикарного танца
相当想像できないぐらい今まで努力してきたよね！お疲れ様です！！
❤
Live band is the best! The bass should have been this prominent in the main song also! But I guess that shows how a live band with 2 drummers can do!❤
歌声に華があるなぁ 一曲で何度も感動してる🥹💞
❤우리 토끼가 항상 깨뜨리는 게 얼마나 귀여운지
She's such a good vocalist!
Nayeon you are always best
Bella <3
Nayeon
Кто тут не понимает о чем она поет 👇
where meme jihyo😅
Where is jihyo hitting nayeon? is the editor is troll?
Gran presentación en vivo de la reina Nayeon
She is so perfect
😍😍😍😍
Oh my gosh? anyone city ❤
gravityの発音が好きすぎる。
🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹
Queen
Tan preciosa 🤩
fantajii 😭
Some please tell me why we have a bunny singing where is nayoen
She is perfect
Muy linda voz Nayeoooon :3
I CANT UNSEE JIHYO KICKING HER OVER
‏I Love you NAYON
歌うまくてかわいいの最強じゃん！
Where is jihyo?😂
途中途中歌わないのなんで
She's so gorgeous 🥰
三つ編みめっちゃ似合ってる！！
スタイルよすぎ
生歌最高！
아주 아름답게 노래해
K-pop is so blessed to have her!
I was just waiting for Jihyo to show up...
She saved summer
Te amo nayeli <333
nasci nesse dia
ナヨンちゃん歌うますぎ！
I love you
❤❤❤
love you
nayeon
Me waiting for Jihyo to come.
귀여운 우리 토끼
I'm always in awe of the It's Live band. The drummer adds the funkiest groove to this, it's so good.
나연이  보컬 트레이닝 많이 받았나보네. 안정적으로 늘었다
nayeon you’ll always be famous and talented
대박. 천상의 가창력. 내나이 50 평생에 이런 가창력은 처음. 나연이가 외모가 좀 딸려서 그렇지 가창력은 세계탑이여. ♥️
talented idol nayeoniee
she is someone that was literally born to be a kpop idol. she was already talented but she somehow continues to improve, very impressive
와... 서른살이라고... 고딩으로 보이는데
Muy linda voz Nayeon
😍😍
베이스연주하시는분 누군가요 대체 ㄷㄷ
Nayeon’s singing voice is really everything. She has a very nice voice that I won't get tired of listening everyday. She always slay in every performance.
Im Nayeon
Muy linda Nayeon <3
사랑해 나연
Why every kpop groups is doing this same routine all the times???
who came from the edit that Jihyo kicked nay eon in the face from TikTok or YouTube short
NAYEON ES MARAVILLOSA, GENIAL,TALENTOSA HERMOSA CARISMATICA, SIMPÁTICA, ADORABLE ES TODO,ME ENCANTA.
❤
Nayeon is the best
Nayeon vocal are so good !
❤❤
It’s not real
Slayed my queen
🤓
❤❤❤
Круто!
twiceのナヨンって自己紹介してるところが大好き
Ela arrasando como sempre❤❗
Te amo tanto Nayeon !!! Estou muito orgulhosa de você,poder acompanhar você no seu primeiro comeback é maravilhoso,te amo meu amor 💘❤
I guess I don't feel so bad now about not being able to get all the words out when I'm singing it.
buatin konten pop
Nayeon is lovely! ❤
🔥🔥NAYEON🔥🔥
💗💗💗
노래 잘한다. 긴장한 토끼 나봉
Nayeon ❤
Imagine being the pivotal member and lead vocalist of one of the most successful k-pop groups in history AND becoming a successful soloist on top of that! Nayeon is the true definition of an all-rounder.
Con pista de apoyo porque en vivo sola no puede. 😂
Talented person nayeonieee
I fall in love with nayeon again and again
🧸🍓💗👸💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗🌹💎
블ㅇ랙핑크 팬이었는데 4마리 지들욕심에 돈독으로 스타되고싶어환장한애들 탈덕했는데ㅈ트와이스보믄 정말대단하다 욕심안내고 그룹이어가는게,,,제니 흡연축하한다
❤❤❤
ABCD AMAZING SONG NAYEON 👑🌟👍
ABCD
JEONJYONG
1 million done
a beautiful voice! 🤩🥹🩵🩵🩵
I ALWAYS SING WITH NAYEON BUT NOT NOW I LISTEN CAREFULLY 💛💛 THE VOCAL WAS SO GOOD 🔥🔥
Nayoen the song is amazing
Voice 🔥🤧
1M go
975,958k
🎉🎉❤❤
Nayeon actua como una capitan conejo 🐰 ❤
Nayeon devoro el CD. No puedo creer que hayas actuado tan bien en vivo..... Por favor, sal mucho al escenario en vivo TT la voz ronca es increíble. Combina perfectamente con esta canción voy a ver el mv una vez más ❤❤❤
Nayoen 👑🌟sos la mejor persona artista del k pop te amo mucho,adoro tu canción 👍👋🇦🇷
수줍은 천재아이돌 나연
969k
I’M SO PROUD OF YOUU NAYEON !!  LOVE YOU SO MUCH !!!! 💗💗💗
😂
Bring NAYEON to Japan alone! I want to have a date with NAYEON, just the two of us! How about a million dollars for the date?
SHE IS AMAZING!!!!!
She is so cute! Love this new song from her! It has beat, sass! Love it! 💗
She is lacking a bit of Beyoncé vibe for this song.. still the  cute nayeon from pop
Your voice is so charming that I fall in love once again 🔥🩵
YZ
UVWX
QRST
MNOP
IJKL
EFGH
ABCD
ABCD nayeon is the best
NAYEON is the BEST!!! Luv NAYEON F.O.R.E.V.E.R!!!
his voice never fails❤he sings it without lipsync and it sounds like in the original record😮
couldve been a stripped version, the live is kinda pointless
Wow, amazing vocals!
귀여운 나봉이 라이브 실력 미쳤다 ~라이브 음색이 더 매력적인거 같아 ^^ 노래가 쉴틀 없이 몰아치는데도 완벽히 부르는 나봉이 짱 ^^
Nayeon talented Queen
I LOVE these live performances with bands please never stop doing this <3
She seems so tired 😢
Nayeon is so amazed
Nayoen ls artista mas completa de k pop,se enoje quien se enoje,no me importa.ella es genial
" jihyo really wanted this comeback "
이 곡 중독 쩌네요. 평소 트와이스 노래를 안들어서 노래를 이렇게 잘 부르는 지 몰랐음😅😂🤣
Nayeon's shining more and more each day! ❤❤❤
The song was too good, i feel like everyone should listen this once in their life😭
이쁘다. 이번 스타일링 정말 찰딱인 듯.
Engap
口から音源😳❤
Really enjoyed it. Especially the drums and bass player although all of it. I do think it needs a rhythm guitar part/player.
يع المقرفة بلاكبينك عماتك❤😂
Is so cool,nayeon i love
Nayeon nunca se olvida de las demás miembros de TWICE. 🫶🏼☺️✨💕 realmente se sostienen las unas a las otras.
하 진짜 예쁘디 비타민상 ㅠㅠㅠㅠㅠ
3:10 가사실수인가??   자막 : 알기 쉽게 네게 One by one 들리는 가사 : 알기 쉽게 Baby One by one
SO PROUD OF YOU NAYEON!!! Great job!! 👏🏻✨
My queen is back im nayeon ❤
❤❤❤
Tsilacov polf
O VOCAL IMPECÁVEL
I want twice in it’s live pls
Absolutely incredible voice. Her range and tone are intoxicating.
fazer oque, é a vocalista líder do twice né!! 🎀💗
Where’s Jhiyo so that she can hit her and sing her solo by herself 😂
Str3am the abcd mv
Fighting
Let's go for 1 m
This reminds me of the meme when jihyo kicked nayeon and performed abcd
QUEEN NAYEON
Nayeon tiene una hermosa voz💗😊
멋지다 ❤❤❤
Who's here after video with Jihyeo?)))
처음에 안녕하세요 트와이스 나연입니다 할때부터 긴장한게 느껴진다..귀여워ㅋ
Why no applause at the end?
Nice one 🇳‌🇦‌🇾‌🇪‌🇴‌🇳‌✨️ Very brave 👏  let's see if someone else who'll do it live also with the new song released now 😂
Ur vocalss 😭😭😵‍💫
Раньше я думала что неплохо пою, но услышав Наён я поняла что мне еще учиться и учиться)
Best vocal
Love u
Who’s thinking of that one video where jihyo took the stage 😭
임나연이 미래다
our ace nayeon
Who is here after seeing though jihyo was actually There because of the video😅
*Twice⁹ 💙 Nayeon*
Very beautiful 😍
My bias forever 💜
I love you ❤️
She's so good at singing
Nayeon is PERFECT , she have vocal, dance skills, visual, good manner, humble and hardworking! thats why onces love her so much
I love that she always says twice when she introduces herself
*Twice⁹ 💙 Nayeon*
Nayeon 🐰
Le falta aire tanto años entrenando al dope
I love Twice.
People who saw the video in which in this live jihyo kicked neayon 💀
Amazing how stable she is! ❤🔥
Perfect idol
wooooow
Queen na
Nayeon best vocal 🔥🫶🏻
Es tan preciosa ❤
Queen Nayeon eating CDs as always!!
I love her voice
The song is amazing. I personally am not a Twice fan, but Nayeon solo is going in my playlist!!!
Queeeen❤❤❤
nayeon's vocals became so much stronger with the time, as someone who's been here since tt era, it makes me so happy and proud to witness her growth 🩵
i love you nayeon unnie 🩵
Who also is here because jihyeo hit to nayeon
this is amazing from start to finish
804k
моя малышка как же я её люблю, она просто прекрасно поёт
mv全然伸びてないよ！
Who came after seeing the Jihyo meme 😭😭  👇
Nayeon fans are here ❤
The band sounded so great but the mix didnt give them justice
So proud of you, love! You deserve all the best in this world. Please stream ‘ABCD’ everyone :) 💗
Came to see if nayeon was really kicked by jihyo
Came to see if nayeon was really kicked by jihyo
Love NAYEON always
Good job Nayeon 🩷
Nayeon the woman that you are. Those vocals 🔥
Enjoying everyday
Please next aespa live my life❤
Me waiting for Jihyo to kick nayeon because I saw it on shorts😂
😊 a princesa cresceu tão rápido ❤
A maior ❤❤❤❤
임나연양!ABC 보니까! 애기낳고서도 충분이 활동할수있는 트와이스만의 저력를 느낄수있다....!😮❤😮😅
Who is here after watching the Jihyo's meme?
best kpop soloist
Yo esperando la patada de jihyo a nayeon 😂
I thought Jihyo would be here 😭😂
Anyone here after that one vid?
Queen of summer
やっぱりイムナヨンしか勝たんのよ
1 m soon
ONU COOOOK SEVIYORUM
The edit tho 💀💀💀
Nayeon love youuuuuu
Where is Jihyo?
なに？！POPが2年前とは！！
ABCD !!
❤
Queen of Summer
❤❤❤ tzuyu mina Sana nayeon chaeyeong so cute and sweet 😊
her live is insane！！🎉❤
정말 사랑해
how beautifully Nayeon sings ❤
I came here to check if the viral video is real or edited 😂
drive me crazy? Im Nayeon has done it long ago, great song!!
obrigada pelas legendas em português! :)
This is so freaking hard to do vocally. Sheesh
Amo su voz!!!
Hermosa 😻
Hermosa del cielo!
I love you NA
Please tell me im not the only one who came to see if it was true about the meme "Jihyo really wanted this comeback"
ABSOLUTELY KILLED IT FANTASTIC JOB NAYEON!!!!!! <3 <3 <3
Nayeon vocal até fireee 🎉
트와이스 단체이든 유닛이든 솔로든 한국활동 더 해주면 안되냐ㅠㅠㅠ
Who come to see jihyo Kick Nayeon 1:34   Is Not real 😅
❤
Nabong is the best
💗
JUST CAME HERE CUZ OF THAT ONE NAYEON AND JIHYO KICK EDIT 😭💀
where's jihyo?
This song is one of those slow burn summer songs that hits hard the longer it gets airplay. She s the best hit maker of Twice!
omg she is posing jennie's pose. what a copy cat
오 마이 갓, 나연이가 라이브까지 노래를 잘해, 내 편견이 아니더라도 그녀의 목소리는 천사 같다.  브라보 나연, 나는 당신을 위해 너무 행복합니다!.  Oh my God, Nayeon sings well live, even if it's not my prejudice, her voice is like an angel.  Bravo Nayeon, I am so happy for you!.
NAYEON the GREAT
queen 🫶🫶🫶
love u
NAYEOOOONNNNN 😍🫰🏻🫰🏻🫰🏻!!!! LOVE THE SOUND SETUP! that drum kick is always punchy 😍😱!
nayeon is the definition of perfect
please invite aespa armageddon its live!!!!!
Yesss turned the bass UP
もっと観よ！！
Welcome Nayeon     wow
Jihyo??
Linda voz <3
립싱크인줄… 와 진짜 잘부르네요 오디오 틀어놓은줄…
صوتهااااا❤❤❤
Nayeon did well
🚨 MCD PRE-VOTING ONCEs, Pre-Voting for MCountdown has now started! We have a chance if we can secure the 1st place with a huge gap.
She’s truly a queen
Nayeon’s voice is lovely
❤❤❤🎉
Hey where's that part when jihyo come through the scene 😭😭😭
Nayeon's look: 🌺🌸🌷🌼🌻🥰🥰😍😍💖💝💘💕💞🩷💗💓💫💫💫❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥  The song: 💪✋️💣💥💢💯🥵⛓️⚠️‼️❗️‼️😳
Nayeon's look: 🌺🌸🌷🌼🌻🥰🥰😍😍💖💝💘💕💞🩷💗💓💫💫💫❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥  The song: 💪✋️💣💥💢💯🥵⛓️⚠️‼️❗️‼️😳
Love Nayeon 🐰
it irritates me she isnt singing some parts, but she still slayed😂
My angel 💗
THATS MY GIRLLLLLLL
That Bass Player though....  Wow!
Nayeon hermosa,estoy tan orgullosa de ti , te amo y te apoyo conejita bonita ❤
愛嬌があってホント可愛らしい😊
Nayeon did well singing live👍🏻
💖🗣🔥👏
와 이 곡 난이도 뭐야 나연 최고네
You is my life!!!
Lol I keep seeing that one edit of Jihyo karate kicking Nayeon  😭
Nayeon is nervous but she did well
목상태 최상은 아닌거 같은데 정말 잘한다ㅠㅠㅠ 볼때마다 기분 좋아지는 가수!!💖💖💖💖
Te amo nayeon cantas espectacular
나연이 너무 사랑해 ❤❤
Nayeonnnn
So obsessed with this song! NAYEON slaying as always!! I love her sm and twice!! Amazing NAYEON your vocals are always so beautiful and this song is SO ADDICTIVE!!!😍😍💖💖💜
약간 긴장한 것 같은데 댄스곡인데 뭔가 진심을 담아 노래하는 느낌?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ 귀엽닼ㅋㅋㅋ
Omg im nayeon lo haces tan bien 🥺🥺 orgullosa de ser tu fan
nandito po ako dahil dun sa Nayeon and Jihyo meme🥲☺️☺️
원피스 정보 아시는분 공유해즈세요ㅠㅠㅠㅠ
2:05 is when you notice that the live is truly fact
QUEEN OF SUMMER
This song is hard. She did well.
❤😍
Nayeon is a talented performer, she has a unique and projected voice that always shines in her songs.
640k
진짜  너무 예쁘고 목소리도 예쁘고  말이필요없는 실력❤
SOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!
GIGANTESCO
BIAS WRECKER 😊
Im here again after watching the jihyo edited video😂 i was expecting her for no reason😂
Найон смелая❤ песня сложная❤
ABCD 🔥
O brasil te ama ❤
Estamos orgulhosos de vc nayeon
Good job Nayeon 🙌🔥
it's so good
なぜかこの曲 聴くと、ナヨンに安室ちゃんのカバーしてほしいと思うし、逆に安室ちゃんにこの曲カバーしてほしいとも思うんよ
I just realized what I miss from kpop. They teach these kids for professional show performing, singing everything what the industry needs. The only thing is what missing is the SOUL. They don't feel the music, they don't feel the song, they just perform it perfectly, but there is no feelings in their eyes. Yeah I think that's it. Love this song btw! Good comeback!
Woi kereeen kaliiiiii😭😭😭
She looks so proud in the thumbnail! ❤❤🥺🥺
KOK BISA GW BARU LIAT INI UDAH DI UPLOAD
baby Sexy Nayeon!
That was so good
Best Nayeon song and she truly killed it❤❤❤❤
cakep bgt orgnya & suaranya
실패작이야😂
love
i loveeee this soooooo much Nayeon Thank you so so so much!!!!!! i love you!
One thing about TWICE is none of their vocals ever disappoint Nayeon absolutely did soooo amazing!!!!!!
this is soooooooo gooddd!!!
Nayeon’s vocals are incredible SOOOO GOOD
NAYEON YOU ARE SOOOOOO PRETTY AND YOUR SOLO COMEBACK MEANS SOOOOOOOOOO MUCH TO ME, I loveee it sooooooo much!!!!!!! I LOVE YOU NAYEON SO MUCH AND I AM REALLY PROUD OF YOU
NAYEONS VOCALS ARE NO JOKE
NAYEON!!!!!!!!! THIS IS SOOOOOOOOOOOOO AMAZING!!!!!!!!
That's our lead vocalist, IM NAYEON!!! Eyyyyy!!
My fav part is when she sings about hamburgers “ABCD hamburge” 😅
Nayeon's voice is so beautiful and she is so cute! Appear more on programs like this Nayeon! 🦋
I genuinely believe nayeon is so well at being a soloist within twice. Like her vocals and dance ?? So goood
Unnie slayyy
Is so good, nayeon
나연은 항상 다른 K-pop 아이돌의 패션 스타일을 흉내내지만, 옷이나 의상에 있어서는 창의성이 덜합니다.
Hmm why does this one sound so different than others......
Nayeon's live vocal is amazing !
Nayeon doesn't seem very comfortable in the performance. And she is not interacting with camera, even avoiding eye contact with the camera. I hope she's fine!
QUEEN OF SUMMER
cute nayeon 🐰❤
No word can describe how much I love nayeon !
Kesini gara-gara editan tiktok 😭 jihyo nendang nayeon hagahahhahajaja🙏😭😭😭
Speechless. Great voice and perfect stage💖💖💖
❤❤❤
ALL ROUNDER IDOL
Amazing singer, I love you Im Nayeon <3
Como canta né, podia ter mais músicas!
KEREN
Just as expected from Nayeon
fghjk
queen
pretty
queen
Nabong
팝때도 그랬지만 이번에도 스엠 느낌이 나는데?? 기존 트와이스 곡과 달라서 신선해서 너무 좋네 ㅎㅎㅎㅇ 💜💜💜💜💜
a gata provando que ta em live
生歌でこれは本当に凄い
Once! Attention! Vote for our cutie bunny Nayeonnie at Mubeat-Music core please!! Let’s give her 2nd win for ABCD
Beautiful voice ❤
나연이가 돌아왔다
ほんっとにこの人は体力もメンタルもタフすぎてすんごいなと思う😮😮😮芸能人になるべくしてなってる😂
I LOVE NAYEON SO MUCH ! SHE IS SUCH A HAPPY PILL !!
She is struggling lmao. It's funny how she was keep skipping the high note part lol
!!!!!!!!!'🖤🖤🖤🖤💩💩🖤🖤💩💩🖤🖤💩💩💜
FALLING IN LOVE WITH NAYEON'S VOCAL AND VISUAL AGAIN AND AGAIN
all on one breath omg nayeon you go girl!!
nayeon queenie
HER LIVE VOCAL IS TOP TIER
well done my loveeee 💖💖💖💖
Nayeon's vocals were so impressive. She did very well even tho her members are not with her as she said that there.
Live band version is nice
It looks live! Is it live?! There was a point where the voice sang but she didn’t but after a word or two she joined it but also at the same time she did need to have a little break which she did towards the ending of it
love her vocal color sm
왜케 멀리서 찍었대
皆さん！ミューバンの投票アプリが変わったのはご存知ですか？　　　 ｢ALL CHART｣というアプリに変更になりました。 変更されてから日にちが経っていないのでONCEが先にハートを沢山集めることができれば、ナヨンちゃんに1位を贈ることができる可能性が高まります！  とにかく早く始めることが大切です！ ONCEは今すぐ｢ALL CHART｣を入れて投票に備えましょう！  ナヨンちゃんに1位を！！！！
Saranghae Nayeon Unnie 💖🤗
나동이 보러왔다궁~~
She is the star
Nayeon ❤
horrific nasal voice
まじで口から音源
대장토끼 임나연 최고❤️
🤍
genia nayeon, el vocal 👏🏼💗
nayeon is so cute!!
Linda nayeon❤
Don't be an idol if you're not going to sing live
aaaaai
And she ATE ATE
Oh MOTHER
She is sound so freaking gooooooood
She sound SO GOOOOOOOOOOD
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
❤😂
❤
She is really good💯💯
NAYEON'S LIVE VOCAL IS INSANE AND SO STABLE !!
I love her smile❤❤
❤she is the best❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊
I love her, I love Twice, but i think this is one of the worst it's live performance ever.
It's live Nayeon ABCD
Best 3rd gen soloist Ms Im Nayeon!
레코딩 비하인드 보세요❤  다시 보러옴
thanks nayeonna!!!!
She killed it. It was amazing
Beatiful ❤
찢 었 다
nayeon killed it!!!
1위 가쥬아아
Stream Mv
QUEEN
さすが😂❤
love youuuu
nayeon's title songs always sound so flat i wish she could show some vibratos next comeback
음색은 좋으나 항상 안정적인 것만 추구하는 낮은 음역대 😂😂😂
This was such a fun performance. If only she performed some of her bsides 🥹
ナヨンちゃん声めっちゃいいよ！！！
I’m gonna be a star, star. No, Nayeon. You ALREADY are a star. JYP’s star indeed.
TALENTED IM NAYEON
やっぱりうまい！！ナヨンちゃんの歌のうまさを改めて知らされたわ…❤
أعطت صفعة قوية للفاندوم المجاور
Nayeon 's vocal is really amazing Nayeon is just nayeoning
"옵션" 아니고 "압션" 이랬으면 더 좋았을텐데
I LOVE YOU IM NAYEON 🩵🐰🍭
HER LIVE VOCAL IS TOP TIER
I LOVE HER VOCAL SO MUCH !
ダンスパフォーマンスは最高峰で歌も上手い👍👍👍そして最高に可愛らしい!!👍👍👍
okay vocalsss
In love in love can't get enough~
i just want to hear the bsides too!! 🥺
vocal queen
QUEEN
1:57 she knows 😛😛
the way it sounds exactly the same is wild. nayeon ur insane.
Re linda Nayeon <33
LIVE VOCAL QUEEN !!!!
My favorite girl <3
She sounds fantastic
Nayeon
Suerte nayeon ,me encanta la canción.
vocal queen
아직까지 탑급 유지하는게 대단하다
The production never fails to amaze me in every way 🔥🔥
숨 쉴 구간 없는 노래인데 춤추면서 하는 것도 대단하고! 밴드라이브라니 좋다!!
못하는게 없는 우리 대장토끼❤
Love her live vocal so much!!
I LOVE YOU NAYEON YOUR VOICE'S WHAT HEAVENS SOUND LIKE
Nayeon is breathtaking! She did an amazing job, && I love her voice <3 I have so much respect and admiration for her!
Fighting Nayeon!!
Queen
luv u
待ってました！！ありがとうございます
ナヨンちゃん最高😂
IM NAYEON VOCALS ARE SO GOOD. SOTY!!!
Su voz es tan angelical, so proud of you nayeoni
Great Nayeon!!
Im Nayeon, please answer my mom! I've trying to talk with u since 2016!😢
Bravo 👏👏👏
ナヨンはうさぎとアイドルのハーフだよね？
The damage spots on the backdrop wall is becoming too noticeable guys. That's easy to patch up with white paint.
nayeonn go girlll
voz de encanto la nt
Kıyafeti ve saçı çok şirin olmuş.
Loved it!
Lo hiciste muy bien Nayeon,te amamos <3
나봉이 너무 이뻐 ❤❤❤
she's so talented
토키인데 혀가 통통한 토끼
Queen nayeon
Im so proud of her she is so wonderful
Her voice is never fail❤
Nayeonnn❤
나연이 최고야
What a masterpiece
그녀는 정말 매혹적이야
LOVE NAYEON 🤟🏻💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟💟
나의 겸손하고 재능있는 여왕
Slayy baby slayyy
Don't be nervous baby once and twice are with u
Lets complete 1 m
Slayyyy
언니 사랑해❤❤
트와이스는 솔지기 나연이 혼자 9인분 하는그룹이지 나머지는 그냥 인형들….나머지8명하고 나눠야 되는게 속상할듯 빨리 해체하고 솔로로 독립해라
재능있는 여왕
나연이 최고야
나연 보컬 너무 좋다
娜璉表現的太好了🥹娜璉現在正在花海裡！
THE TRUE ACE OF TWICE
나는 그녀가 너무 재능 있고 예쁘기 때문에 그녀를 너무 존경했습니다.
وآلله  انك مبدعه يا نايون لازم لازم يصير لقبك ملكه الرقص❤
SIXTEEN'S FRONTRUNNER FOR A REASON OMG SHE'S PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST KPOP SOLOIST TO EXIST
You nailed it like always❤❤
A VOZ AO VIVO É ESPETACULAR NAYEON VOCÊ É TUDOOOOOO
ABCD is As a Band live in Comeback Day
노래는 곧잘 하는데 랩은 좀 더 연습해야겠다 나연아 😅
We finally heard it live
1 vocalist, 1 dancer, 1 rapper, 1 visual, 1 member, 1 all rounder, 1 ace, 1 queen. NAYEON never disappoint
🩵🩵💙
우리 명창토끼 최고다 최고❤
Queen of Hearts
❤
QUEEN
impressive
这首歌真的很满 没有什么喘气的时间
2:08 she proves that she's not lip syncing . such a queen behaviour 🥹💖
shes glowing
ナヨンになりたい！
ナヨンの深い歌声が好き🩵
such a beautiful voice
she sings so well
난 모르겠다 왜 모든 영상을 다 찾아보고 있는지 내 생에 첫 여돌 입덕인가... 당신 꽤나 기엽고 핫해...
❤❤❤
혼자 하는 밴드라이브는 처음인데 많이 긴장했지!! 고생했어 내 새꾸
wish we couldve gotten any of her bside… she’s got a beautiful voice ans the whole album is a banger
yassss QUEEN IM NAYEON
Her voice is heaven
❤
Askiiiiiitommmmm
Sesine kurban olurum
Herşeyimmmmmm
Abcd
Nayeon daha çok şarkı yap
Sesine kurban olurummm senin bebeğim benimm
명창토끼❤
Manyala nayeon 🔥
❤️ 임나연 ❤️
Iu Nayeon nhìu
歌うますぎて、、、 音源かと思うくらい。 最高です………！
インガ(人気歌謡)の事前投票始まりました！  Diggusというアプリから投票できます！  事前収集の必要無し、1日1票(Mカ同様) ただ投票時に3曲選択なもんで｢ABCD｣以外は上位に来なさそうなの選んでください。  今日から始まった投票です！ 今からダウンロードすれば間に合います！  ナヨンちゃんに1位を！！！！
かわいい！！！
NAYEON ON TOP
I’M SO PROUD OF YOU NAYEON🩵🩵🩵
you maek me tieard nayeon
긴장하는 토끼 너무 소중하고 귀여워..
쩝.
Never get bored with her vocal
NAYEON LIVE VOCAL IS INSANE !!
nayeon is killing it!!! ♡♡♡
UNNIE IS PERFECTION IN HUMAN FORM
No need to be nervous Nayeon, you could sing the phonebook and we would hang onto your every last word...you did great! 😊
The stage its too big for her she dont have much stage presence for someone performing for so long
I love her voice
목이 잠기거나 쉰 것 같은데 이정도라고? ㄷㄷ
I’ll say it once and I’ll say it again, Nayeon’s vocals never stopped from amaze me  She sounds exactly the same and I love that ❤
The live band is so good
nayeon is the most talented person i’ve ever known !!
I really love Nayeon's vocal colours!
Nice perform nayeon 👍👍
Nice perform
역시 실력이 되야 솔로를 하는구나❤
oh they NEED to release a band version of this song on spotify
she looks so tired i hope she can rest soon
her vocals good and love nayeon rap...
에고 다 부르지도 못하네... 춤 추면서 부를 땐 어떻게 다 불렀데?
💗
vibe太轻松了太松弛了！！主掌舞台的QUEEN NAYEON!
We love you nayeonn
🎉🎉🎉
SOO SO SO AMAZING!!!
she really is an ace, nation's center indeed
10년차인 나연이도 긴장해서 떠는구나ㅠ 정말 겸손하고 착한 울 나연이...긴장한 모습도 귀엽고 라이브 넘넘 잘했어...나연이 항상 응원할께 사랑해
음역대가 쉬워서 녹음이 쉬웠다고 했는데 숨쉴 곳은 없었네~^^ 그래도 너무 잘 부르네♡♡
踊っるパフォーマンスよりこちらの生歌でのパフォーマンスの方がいいですね😍
Nayeon is the best ❤❤❤
뭐만 하면 인급동 순위에 올라오는 대장토끼 임나연!!! 인급동 25위
Not surprised it’s a song that would shine on Tiktok… hope she releases more sincere songs I feel like it would suit her voice more
Nunaaaa❤ saranghaeee
라이브로 힘든 노래라고 생각했는데 이걸 하네  ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ
i like her voice
is she an angel?
ㅋㅋㅋㅋ아 데뷔 2년차 미니 2집가수  임나연 떠는거 너무 기여어 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 잘해써 나연아
A you're gonna B my babe everytime you C me 빠져 Deeper deeper babe ~~
Amooo
*Twice⁹ 💙 Nayeon*
떨린다고 하면서 라이브는 뿌셨넹
믿고 듣는 임나봉~!!
Guys vote for her on mubeat, mnet plus and idolchamp
nayeon vocals are insane
진짜 라이브도 잘하고 진짜 이쁘고 상콤하네요~
temazooo
.
Cantou de mais, Nayeon e sua voz são Incríveis
어려운 노랜데 잘하네
😍😍👑👑👑💋💅💅💋✨✨✨
아이돌의 ABCD
토끼야 곰이야 곰 토끼 임나연
명창 토끼 최고🩵
The song sounds even better with a live band
Her yellow mic with this dress is everything
Nayeon’s vocals are so beautiful
잘한다 ❤
I was hoping the other day Nayeon would get to perform on It's Live… My hopes were answered! 🩵🩵🩵  Also, Onces please use this video as an example when someone says Nayeon isn't introverted. She's SO shy here I wanted to reach through the screen and give her a hug and pat on the back… Bunnies are known to be skittish🐰
モモペンだけど最近ナヨンペンになりそう
잘한다 잘한다❤
Nayeon perfect idol!!
SOTY~~~
Girl so perfect !,
임나연❤
대장토끼 항상 실망시키지 않아
나연이가 대장토끼면 저도 토끼맞죠?🐰🐰🐰
나연은 진짜 최고다❤
Don't stop it Mm, yeah  Slow-mo (Slow-mo) Hey, I see you looking at me and I like it, oh (I like it, oh) Yeah (Uh) No more (No more) Dagaogil gidarineun geon Not my option (Option) Yeah (Ah)  Pieona, my desire (My desire, my desire) Wonhaneun geon gajyeoya haneun geol (Ooh) All I want is love, love with you (Love with you, love with you) Stop thinkin', geobuhal su eopseulgeol (Break it down now)  (Hey, listen to me now) Ayy, you're gonna be my babe Everytime you see me, ppajyeo, deeper, deeper, babe (Hey, listen to me now) A-B-C-D, banbokae How to fall in love, gareuchyeo julge  Neoneun deureowasseo in my fantasy Beoseonal su eopseo naui gravity In love, in love Can't get enough Hey, jyeodeulgo isseo, you're hypnotized (Yeah) Hollin deut hanaga doeneun you and I In love, in love Can't get enough (Oh, yeah)  Neon ttaraomyeon dwae, my baby Jigeumbuteo I'ma drive you crazy (Oh) Aseuraseulhan neowa nae emotion Jachithamyeon iseongui kkeuneul nochyeo Daehwaneun pillyo eopseo, mute Bonneungi hyanghaneun got move Jeonbu beoseodeonjillae Jinjja nareul bol su itge  Pieona, feel alive Tteollineun maeum gamchul su eomneun geol (Ooh) All I want is love, love with you (Love with you, love with you) Stop thinkin', geobuhal su eopseulgeol (You)  (Hey, listen to me now) Ayy, you're gonna be my babe Everytime you see me, ppajyeo, deeper, deeper, babe (Hey, listen to me now) A-B-C-D, banbokae How to fall in love, gareuchyeo julge  Neoneun deureowasseo in my fantasy (My fantasy) Beoseonal su eopseo naui gravity In love, in love (In love) Can't get enough Hey, ppajyeodeulgo isseo, you're hypnotized (Yeah) Hollin deut hanaga doeneun you and I In love, in love (Ooh) Can't get enough (Oh, yeah)  I don't care and I like, yeah A to Z, you're my type, yeah (Shoo) Allyeojulge, baby, how to love (How to love) Algi swipge nege one by one (By one) I don't care and I like, yeah (Yeah) A to Z, you're my type, yeah Allyeojulge, baby, how to love (allyeojulge, baby, love) Algi swipge nege one by one (algi swipge nege one)  Ayy, you're gonna be my babe Everytime you see me, ppajyeo, deeper, deeper, babe A-B-C-D, banbokae How to fall in love, gareuchyeo julge
QUEEN❤
트와이스에서 나연이 내 최애인데
legend
나연이는 못하는게 없다
긴장한 토낑 🐰🐰
나연이 진짜 항상 내 최애다
Linda, Te Amo Nayeon você é incrível ❤🇧🇷
The vocals never disappoint 😊😊
🩵🩵🩵
the bass killed it. damnnn .
緊張が伝わってきたけど 歌はさすがでした！！ 普通に話してる時の声と歌ってる時の声のギャップが好き❤
Nayyy
327k
歌だけってのも良いですな
And the live band version of ABCD sounds so freakin good😭💙💙💙
My brilliant idol, Im Nayeon
Nossa coelinha tem uma voz incrível!
her breath control is insaneeee
러블리 나연~❤❤❤ 밴드 라이브도 넘 좋아요 ❤
jyp’s center
she really born to be an idol
wow this is my first time hearing this song and im getting goosebumps!!
She is so beautiful and her vocals are just incredible to the heart, thank you for your hard work ...
Perfect
나연이 곡도 좋은데 라이브는 더더더더 좋아 ❤
트와이스 나연 잘보고갑니다
My nayeon you did very well remember that ONCE loves you
Love and like single nayeon wow
❤
linda mãe te amo
Nayeon
Mmm.. un poco floja la banda en vivo esta vez.. esta canción  está para explotarla con la banda y Nayeon quedaba bien acompañada..
Slayyyyy nayeon and don’t care about them girl you are the best
She ateeee
I LOVE YOU
Me encanta
يمعودين غير تخبل تجنن ❤
Her vocal is perfect
Nayeon looks cool! But damn, how can she use phonogram (MR) and autotune on a vocal recording without choreography while standing still? JYP degrades the perception of the real vocalist and makes them less valuable with it. It makes disappointed
❤
She's so good
Her vocal is the besttttt
Beatiful Nayeon ❤
Nayeon = maravillosa
te aamooooo
IM NAYEON ON TOP 💗
güzeller güzeli Nayeonumuz <3
สุดยอด
BEST GIRL ❤
Eso nayeon 👏🏻👏🏻🤩
WOOO NAYEON
Nayeon hermosa, cantas excelente❤
Finally great to see some actual live singing kpop and not lip syncing.
❤❤❤تو بی نظیری دختر 🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🙂✨✨✨
Onrigada pelas legendas ❤
❤
Fofa
와. 노래도 좋고 프로네!  밴드 버전이 개인 취향으로 좋다.
omg never thought it’s so good with this live band can’t wait for her water bomb performance
LIKE 🩵
Nobody: Not even the fans: Nayeon: the members...  Istg nobody loves Twice more than the members each other
1st twice member, our fake maknae you deserve all the best!!!
I always think that the channel intro is the song intro and think they'll do a rock version lmaoo
Nayeon es hermosa ❤
요즘 음원하고 음색이 다른 이슈들있던데 어케 그대로지 ㄷㄷ
she is gorgeous and song is so catchy love it <3
THEEE VOCALS
👍🐇
NAYEON ATEEEEE ❤CANTAS HERMOSO Y TU ERES HERMOSA
명창토끼
its so good 👍🏻
Solo queen Nayeon saves K-Pop with “ABCD”
Excellent live!
Not a main vocal for no reason! You’ve done a great job Nayeon! 🐰🫶🏻
🗣️Queen Nayeli!!! 🎶🔥🤍
SO TALENTED
Nayeon showing us what the standard should be 🔥
Espero que esté orgullosa de todo lo que ella a logrado con su esfuerzo para estar en este punto (y muy buen equipo de ella excelente trabajo ✨🤍👌🎉)
Canta muy bonito
🥺🥺 this perfect idol
Mi mujer 🫶🏻😍
Nayeon slay
Hermosa nayeon ❤
Nayeon is the best vocals ❤❤❤😮❤❤❤
Wow ❤❤❤❤
Você é incrível
LOSS VOCALESSSSSS MAMIIII y ni k decirrr de sus visualssss y su presencia q intimida y se nota muchisimooo, ella naciooo para esto sin duda cmoooo la amoooo a mi queenn nayeon es taaan perfectisima
PTMMMMM ES REALMENTEEEE TAAAN PERFECTAAAA Q M ASUSTAAAA, por algooo mi babe es el centro de la nacion, Y LA CARAAAA D TWICE NADIEEEE PODRIA HACERLO DE LA FORMA EN LA K MI SHIKITAAAAA HERMOSA Y TANN TALENTOSA LO HACEEEE LO SIENTOOO PERO NADIE PODRIA HACWRLOOO ASI y servir cu nt A LA VEZZZZZ MUYY POCASSS SON CAPACES D HACERLOOO Y MI BEBA NAYEONNN ESTA ENTRE ESAS Q SON CAPACES DE HACERLOOOO NUNCA M CANSAREEE DE DECIR K LA AMOOOO99898998 POR ESOOOOO es q es imposible no hacerloo
THE MIC IS ONNN
I love it
she's so good
Nayeon slayyyyyyy
💖🇦🇷💖🇦🇷💖🇦🇷💖
Te amooo minha lindeza 💙
Im Nayeon always gets me with her vocals and beauty 🫠😮‍💨
286k
Legit 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
TW🤟❤️
💙💙💙
love you nayeon ❤️
Hubiera cantado bsides
Te quiero mucho Nayeon 💙😍
這個唱工強的嚇死人😮😮😮
we are proud of you Nayeon
진짜 잘하는 프로면서도 떨렸다니 ㄷㄷ 하지만 진짜 케이팝씬 근본의 보컬색이다 임핫걸 벗어날수가 없어🩵
Her vocals are so good, I've been loving this song so much. I plan on picking up the album
SING NAYEON SINGGG QUEEN
ナヨンちゃんかっこいいよおおお！🥺💗
i really love her
you did great nayeon love the new album! <3
can we talk about how she sounds exactly like the recording that's nayeon for you she's just that good
Even her live vocals are good❤
Nayeon ❤
Our bunny is so nervous 🤍 ABCD sounded great, with a band sounds even greater
ABCD is addictive I love you nayeon
Te Amo NAYEON ❤❤
Who loved this song? 🫶🏻
밴드 라이브로 들어도 노래가 너무 좋다.
i love you nayeon pls don't die
Nayeonnn is back, so so nice and pretty
Its a dance song hehe i get why nayeon is trying hard not to dance
FIGHTING CAPTAIN RABBIT NAYEON
CENTER OF CENTERS IM NAYEON
A literal all rounder with a heavenly voice.
Our girlie is killing it
Dunno if she’s bored, nervous or she doesn’t like the song? 😂
Volvio la reina del verano y reina del k pop alegre,todo lo que hace lo hace excelente , éxitos y mucha suerte en tu regreso.👋🇦🇷
You"re perfect Nayeon 🫰🏻👑
So proud of our nayeon yeowo ❤. You’re doing so well 🥳🤗
we love queen nayeon
나연❤❤❤❤
Ate. Slayed. IM NAYEON. 🔥
Could we be friends
One of the best singers and it girls in K-pop so far!!
واو
Love u nayeon 😍🌸
Nation’s center at it again
nayeon is so incredible, she is on fire
O vocal perfeitoooo❤
Nayeon on top 🔝👏🏼
Nayeon's Vocal is Glorious!!!❤
Nayeon the ACE
NOW THIS IS AN IDOL WHO CAN HANDLE THE RANGE OF HER OWN SONG!!! I love nayeon so much, such an amazing idol❤
啊啊啊啊❤❤❤❤
I like Butterflies the most in this album. The music arrangement is the best, especially the ayo ayo ayo part.
Is this really live?
❤️‍🔥
Aww i love nayeon sm,her live vocal is amazing <3
She’s so good with everything🩵
She’s alright
Poor Nayeon she's look nervous tho
we need more Nayeon
Let's go once and vote for Nayeon, she deserves it, she wants to have wins and celebrate with fans, but you don't join in either and the vote seems like Twice fans are lazy and we're not lazy, so let's vote for Nayeon to win wins.❤❤❤❤
Nayeon's vocals are always 🔛🔝
love u so much naynay ❤
nayeon 🙏🏻❤️❤️❤️
d
c
b
a
nayeon
for nay ❤️❤️❤️🥰🙏🏻
cuteeeee 🥰❤️❤️❤️❤️
too cute nay
❤️❤️❤️
Hey it’s Live! Nobody wants those ultra wide shots! Give us close ups!
TWICE members grew up with us
I love the way her voice has matured. Good job singing live, Nayeon 👍
Loved it
Best female vocalist ♡
Can you please have Nayeon fill more than 5% of the frame? We are watching the video to see her and not the giant purple backdrop.
She sounds perfect 🩷
Great performance, the best so far.
NATION CENTRE TWICE NAYEONN !!
รักนายอน❤❤❤
Солнышко любимка
I'm glad she did this version because I'd been wondering how could she sing this song live with the also fast choreography. She looked very nervous to me tho, but I like the performance. Keep it up our 'little' unnie 👏
Nayeon live vocal is insane
VAMOS NAYYY
QUEEN NAYEON❤
Enamorada de su voz
MUJERÓN
THE QUEEN IS BACK GIRLSSS
NAYEON SARANGHAEYOOOOO 😙😙😙😙😙😙
Im Nayeon abcd
ahhh she looks so nervous the whole performance but i still enjoyed it! go nayoncéeeee
Love this 💖💖💖
Yeahhh
퀸토끼  토끼 중에 퀸토끼
ملكة
NAYEON WE LOVE YOU
This hair colour is definitely her best one
She is sooooo beautiful the makeup she’s wearing is seriously amazing it suits her so much
CANT get enough of this song
How does she have such a beautiful voice??? She’s so stable and perfect
Saha 3idkommm
You did so well nayeonn🩵
Never fails with her vocalss NAYEON FIGHTING❤
Now this is live
예쁘다 ❤
나연짱❤
Beautiful nayeon with her beautiful vocals ❤❤
queen for a reason. we love our best soloist im nayeon
pretty, tall, gorgeous, lovely, glowing, beautiful, cute, breathtaking, amazing, attractive, stunning damn why is nayeon so perfect
abcd is so good. I'm dancing to it everyday
you did perfect
queen
MAIN VOCALIST NAYEONNN
You did well sayangggg❤❤
I truly love Nayeon's voice there is just something about it that's so soothing and calming even with this tempo, not surprised she slayed, she is in her solo era bag and is such a mood & vibe!!! Truly beautiful!!   Also I still love how just down to earth and humble she is, telling us she is nervous without Twice, but as usual she slays effortlessly!!
看得出來有在持續運動。上臂很結實，和剛出道完全不同。 建議jype可以嘗試寫有較多高音可發揮的曲子讓她來詮釋。這首主打寫得太安全，中音為主附帶一些低音，容易詮釋但顯現不出她聲線的特色。
shes killin it
when will we ever get a real live performance without backtrack??
Nayeon is the best singer ❤🎉
فوكال القرن القيادي
She's truly amazing ♡ A PERFECT IDOL!!!
I always appreciate how Nayeon is honest with her feelings an thoughts, despite her nerves she perormed spectacularly!
❤nayeon
She's so perfect
Nayeon is THE Jyp Kpop girl with the most complete package
queen
I hope she invited to Lee mujin service too, GO IM NAYEON 🎉❤
Im Nayeon vc é artista!!
The Nayeon effect: ears sweetener, eyes pleaser. Magnificent performance! 🌸🤍💖
Hermosa, talentosa, Nayeon es todo el paquete completo ❤. Una reina
Those voice 😉 please take care Nayeon ah don't get sick/catching cold, if you are now hoping you a fast recovery n also hoping for a safe promotion and also wanna praise nayeon for her hard work you are doing really great thank you for the 2nd mini album please take care lots of love from Malaysia
Queen Nayeon ^_^
ABCD live band ver DAMN nayeon's live vocalssssss
I litterally can’t stop watching this WOMAN. her new MV,dance performance video LIVE SINGING UGH EVERYTHING!
Nayeom she is best voice ever and the song is soty
song of the year !
i love her voice
you did well nayeon !!!
abcd 들을수록 정말 중독성있고 좋당~❤
Her vocals are insane!
حلوتي❤❤🥺
This song was not that easy to sing live by a single person. I'm so proud of Nayeon 😭🎉
you did soo well nayeon!
a real artist
mother is mothering
Cant unsee the two faces on both of her knees 😭
I love this song
her voice is so powerful
nayeonnnnnn
Her live vocals😍
나연이만 보면 힐링이 된다
음색도 너무이쁜 나연이❤ 노래면 노래 춤이면 춤 정말 본투비아이돌❤
ひとりで歌うのめちゃくちゃ大変そうな曲やのに、完璧に歌いきってるのすごい
네 목소리가 너무 예뻐
In love with Nayeon can't get enough 💖💖💖
JEONGYEON 'S WIFE🤭🤭🤭🤭🤭
Congratulations bae, you did awesome this time too!
mothered
Tan linda nay ♡
나는 그녀의 노래를 라이브로 듣는 것을 정말 좋아합니다. 보컬도 너무 좋고 무대 매너도 정말 좋아요. 나연이 최고야
대장토끼 진짜 귀여워
queremos de bside agora
NayeonCé slayed soooo harddddd ❤
She sounds so heavenly
NA ABCD NAYEON 娜璉唱得真不錯❤
❤❤❤❤❤vocalist queen
AMAZING  VOCALS 🩵🩵🩵
INCREDIBLE!!!!!
NAYEON Vocal Is Not Joke
i said this about the recent twice promo material where NAyeon had this same hair color as well....but she looks SOOOOOO GOOOOD with this hair color, it's kinda crazy
Nayeon 😍
ITS NAYEON!!!!!
진짜 라이브하기 어려운 곡인데 역시 나연!!!!😊
다른 채널에선 춤으로 찢고 여기선 노래로 찢네~나연이는 천상 아티스트여
Necesito todas canciones de nayeon
The definition of perfect !!
HER SINGING IS SO GOOD! SHE REALLY NEED TO GET APPRECIATED FOR HER HARD WORK AND TALENT! TBH TWICE IS THE BEST 3RD GEN GROUP IN KPOP!
Nayeon is the bestttttt
나연 목소리가 너무 좋음
vocals 100% stage presence 0%
역시 울 대장토끼 최고다❤ 멤버들없이 홀로 무대가 너무 간만이라 긴장을 엄청 했는데도 감출수없는 실력^^ 수고했어용😊
Nayeon is so talented
Amazing performance.  I'm not surprised she had to skip tiny parts as the song is very fast with hardly time to draw breath.  Love seeing her true talent like this.
AMOOO💗💗💗💗💗💗
나연이 진짜 최고야 올라운더 아이돌
Great job nayeon
Wow
IM NAYEON's FULL OF TALENTS
يروحي صوتها يجنن
우와 왜케 여유있게 부르는거야...보컬이 미침!
TA INCRIVEL
QUEENNNN
DIVAAAAAAA
流石すぎる歌声ナヨン様
Vocal queen
Nayeon is the great idol
00:50  ENJOY~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
🎉🎉🎉🎉
when the live version is as good as the studio version, her vocal power AYYY!!!
TE AMO NAYEON🔥🩷
Bagus banget suaranya nya plisss
моя ж ты хорошая
nayeonieeeee thank you for your hard work!!❤❤❤
으앗 찢어따 🫶🏻🫶🏻
Best Soloist of 2024
This was so effortless for her.. she is just incredible. 😍
NAYEON NO IT'S LIVE FOI TUDO O QUE EU PEDI
у Наён такой классные голос!!
🔥
Only four minutes 😢 I need to hear more of nayeons beautiful vocals
最高です。
Lagunya kek ga ngasih kesempatan buat narik napas... Keren banget Nayeonie
You are vocal so perfect 🥹💞
어머니 MOTHER
Pop pop nayeon pop pop pop 🔥
her live vocals are amazing, we love you nayeon
Nayeon i love youuuuuuuuuuu
💜💜💜
I love it
Great  2nd mini love all of it and so glad  you were first to solo❤❤❤❤❤ I just knew your were a  STAR from 16
<3
NAYEON i love you so much🐰❤
NAYEON i love you so much🐰❤
NAYEON SLAYED
🩵🩵🩵
I need to see Twice on It's Live
너무 잘한다 우리 대장토끼🐰🩵🩵최고야
緊張してる！かわい！
She served once again
Adorable. My first introduction to Nayeon was when the crew drove past the “marshmallow farm”. ❤
🎉❤❤
나연이 노래 실력 솔직히 이 정도인 줄 몰랐다. dance 실력은 뛰어난 줄 알았지만...
Amei! ❤
Nayeon MORE than KPOP
141k once
Fantastic vocals as always from Nayeon
나연이 킬링보이스도 나와주세용❤
나의 락스타 사랑해 ❤❤❤❤
Whoaaa this live performance looks and sounds really amazing!!
哇...跟音源一模一樣 這場狀態太好了吧！！
Nayeon is so so talented!!!
우리는 당신을 사랑합니다 나연!
🌷💓😊
Vocals
역시나연 ❤
Wow.. aku tidak menyangka.. dia bernyanyi seperti itu. Seperti mendengar dari rekaman.
우리 한국 원스들에게는 나연이 음악 방송에서 1위할 확률이 높으니 다음 주에 트로피를 받을 거예요 제발 이번 시간 21분까지 나연의 새 뮤직비디오를 만들어주세요
J-Once、ナヨンの新ミュージックビデオが2100万再生を達成できるよう協力しましょう
My girl looked nervous, still did a really good job, proud to be once again
QUEEN NAYEONIE ❤❤
さいっこー！！！！❤
She looks absolutely Stunning! Her voice always impresses me! ONCE in a million here✨💖
저는 너무 좋습니다
You did well Nayeon~
노래 개좋음
너무 잘해 ㅠㅜ 공주최고
우와~ 노래 넘 어렵😱😱😱 역쉬 나연👍
나연이 너무 예쁘고 나연이 너무 자랑스럽습니다  너무 좋아요
Nayeon, you did amazing! Love the song!
근데 이거 원래 금요일에 나오는거 아닌가?
Nayeon est tellement talentueuse !!! 😚🤭🐰🌺💐🌻🦋
127k haha nct X nayeon
3:19
這麥克風收音很頂
대장토끼
❤❤❤
참 좋은 가수입니다
126k
Talented, gorgeous, funny, a star 💕
Pls stream her songgg
口から音源😮😮😮
BEAUTIFUL
Wow amazing nayeon!
This is a vocal flex
나연이가 CD를 먹었구나. 라이브를 이렇게나 잘 했다니... 라이브 무대 많이 나와줘요~~ 허스키 목소리 대박. 이번 노래랑 완전 찰떡. 뮤비 한번 더 보러갑니다
nayeon💜
Nayeon unnie 😊
မိုက္တယ္ကြာ အသံအရမ္းေကာင္းတယ္ NAYEON ခ်စ္တယ္ ❤🎉❤
အရမ္းခ်စ္တယ္ NAYEON ❤🎉❤
Superstar Im Nayeon
One of 3rd gen's best vocalists and we don't talk about that enough
잘했어내토끼❤
NA나연!!!!최고❤ 사랑하지 않을 수 없어😻
A paper idol!! The band is live but she? Not her, she doesn't have the ability to sing live!! nothing to do with Kim Hyolin, Kang So You or Eun ji from A Pink. Rating 0 for Nayeon.
NAYEONNNNNNN
Once stream ABCD M/V
Nayeon so pretty i love Abcd i hope you also perform your bside
Nayeon ❤ ❤ ❤
ㅋㅋㅋ E런 수업이면 …. 💓
Aaaa
나연언니!!!! 잇츠라이브 나와줘서 고마워요~ 언니의 매력적인 음색을 라이브로 들을 수 있어서 너무 행복하고 이번에도 짱이에요 ><♡
Nayeon did it perfectly!!! Love the band version!
Why no feet??? We need twice feet!!!!!!!!
Nayeon the best !! fighting love you
사랑해 임나연
SHE SHOULDVE PERFORM "POP" TOO 😔 anyways she did so good !!! love u queen
Nayeon is the ACE of Kpop
Vocal queen
ang gandaaaa
此処はQueenナヨン❤
That's our nayeonnnn
I love nayeon voice
헐 라이브 미쳣다
The vocals perfecto 💙
WoW 🤩
canımmya
Naywon harikasın yaaaa
ナヨン大好きだよ！
今歌ってる？！っていうくらい音源そのまま！！本当にナヨンさんは上手い！！
騷腿😂
shes always so great at singing and performing!
We already know Nayeon is a great singer so I love how she challenged herself with the dance this time instead, and still did a great job!! All rounder
토끼가 노래도 잘하네요~
Nayeon ❤❤❤
임나연 화이팅🫶
I LOVE YOU NAYEON
나연아 사랑해🩵 항상 고마워🍭💓
バツグンの安定感！
待ってたよー！
thats song is kinda exhausting to sing so if you add the choreo, man thats already hard! props to Nayeon for pulling this off 👏🏼❤
YOU DID GREAT BABY
😍
she slayed so hard
역시 나연이 너무 잘한다 대장토끼 짱이다아
my best idol
솔직하게 이야기하는데 사랑한다.
노래 진짜 좋은데 ?!!!
Nayeon, you did well. No need to be nervous at all <3
SONG - 100%  VOCAL - 100% DANCE - 100% VISUAL - 100% RAP - 100% SLAY - 100% PERFORMANCE - 100%  NAYEON - 100%
New jeans?
Nayeon queen
she dont seemm that happy, can be the mature concept ...
Cepet banget 😮😮 semangat sayang kuuu
idol of idols
Omg she sings just like the cd
SHE EATING CD’s FOR BREAKFAST. SHE SOUND SOOOOOOOO GOOD 😩🥵
Soloist of the year queen im Nayeon 👑😍🔥
ダイスキ
it’s cool and i like this!!  waiting for world tour.
<3
WOW
Nayeon is so amazinggg
I loved this video!!!!
Omgg she sounds amazing
너무 좋아. 유일한 단점은 노래 한 곡만 부른다는 것이다.노래 한 곡 더 불러야 하는데.
명창토끼
Pretty tired today so I'm sure I love you so much NAYEON you are amazing 👏🏻👏🏻
誰だったっけ？ライブができる人が結局勝つみたいなこと言ってたの。　  ナヨンは口から音源や‼︎❤
NAYEON IS cool ~~~ just thinking 🤔❤
ABCD goals for today:   25/26m views
Great Nayeon and great comeback. Amazing voice and great band behind her. When she catches some high notes, I flyyyy. So proud of you.💖💖💖💖
대장토끼 임나연 화이팅!!!!
From Sixteen to Now, she’s still Korea’s Center
No worries, OT9 always together.
🫡
Te amo <3
임나연 솔로도 멋있어♡
ABCD SOTY
진짜 잇츠 라이브 트와이스 한번 안나오나 했는대.. 최애 나연이 나온다니!!!!! 사랑해 임나연!!!
Live version is also bop.
I love vocal nayeon❤
Nayeon
Nice
Yes
Artista é artista né
めちゃくちゃ良かった！！！ バンドバージョンも一味違くて良い🩵
Que voz!!
QUEEN NAYEON
Perfeitaaaaaaa
hairstyle so beautiful
From the soft bridge to rapping to the powerful chorus - Nayeon can do it all!
NAYEON MUKEMMEELLSİN
What a pure voice. Interesting how it will sound without double tho
Stream the mv pls once pls 25m today pls let's go
o vocal da Nayeon é insano, eu te amo Yeowo 🐰
love you nayeonnie 🩵
OT9 next Time Please
I wish next time I want to hear and watch Twice here
hight note so good
멋지다 임나연 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
naah im im done with nayeon
わーーー! 最高だよー❤❤
Proud of you, it was a great comeback
❤❤
ナヨンさん口から音源すぎるLove
Keren banget Nayeon
lmao too awkward.. like jihyo ..
STREAM THE MV, GUYS
te amoooo nayeonie 😭😭😭
나연이가 너무너무 좋아 그냥 다좋아❤
why didn't she do a bside song too 🥺🥺🥺🥺
The way she NAILED this fast paced song. She is slaying the high notes as USUAL!!! NAYEON YOU GOT THIS❤ WE ONCES ALWAYS SUPPORT YOU ❤❤❤❤
the love of my life
Impressive performance  All alone
Oh my god nayeon es increíble
𝚝𝚑𝚎 𝚕𝚒𝚟𝚎 𝚙𝚎𝚛𝚏𝚘𝚛𝚖𝚊𝚗𝚌𝚎 𝚕𝚘𝚟𝚎 𝚒𝚝
득음한 대장토끼 임나연! 멋지다!
Nayeonieeeeee🎉🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉
대장토끼 섹시큐티 임나연!
Boring….
❤🎉❤🎉
This version is so cool😍😍😍
Best Visual  Best Vocal
Good Job, Nayeony!
5M🔓 10M🔓 15M🔓 20M🔓 ……… 50M 🔒 Stream Mv ABCD  Fighting
Наён лучшая девушка в мире 🩵😘😘😘
Essa música fica uma maravilha em qualquer versão  Nay você sempre será famosa
❤❤
Queen
Best vocal ever
A
Abcd
Na
We love you
Can’t wait for the encore ❤😭
The best
The best
My cute girl
My cute girl
NAYEON YOU WERE AMAZING. QUEEN🔥🔥💋❤️❤️‍ ❤️‍ ❤️‍
Let's Support Nayeonie! and Stan TWICE!❤❤
Slayyyyyy
Atee
Best preference
Best sololist
It girl
Nayeon
Great
Gorgeous
Pretty
Queen
R
T
Nayeon queens ❤ as always
her voice...HER VOICE
So talented 🫶
Charismatic Nayeon, human magnet ♥︎
Iu quá
Toẹt vời ông mặt tròi
นายอนเก่งที่สุดในโลก🫶🏻
Nayeon I love you so much,my favourite girl😭🎀❤️‍🔥🙇🏼‍♀️💋🛐
D
C
B
A
The best
이번에 진짜 많이 기대했었는데, 너무 기뻐요!! 너무 좋아요, 나연씨 최고야❤🎉
Her vocal ❤
angel voice❤
울 대장토끼 기특하다~
나연은 정말 완벽해요 너무 사랑해요 ❤️💗
Bon travail Nayeon
여워!!!!!
summer queen nayeon saving the industry with her god-like vocals
my nayeonnie
Nayeon is seriously perfect I love her so much ❤️
it seems she was really nervous, she did good!
🍭
ABCD IS SO GOOD
Aaaaaaaah!!
I Love You Sooo Much Nayeon❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
¡¡ i Twice NUNCA DECEPCIONA!! Quién apoyará a Twice  para  Siempre?????????
역시 말해모해^^👍
Nayeon Slay as always❤❤❤❤❤
Nayeon please stop confusing us with that perfect pitch,.. you should miss pitch a bit , so that it becomes easier for us to believe that it's live.... The vocal!!! 🔥 🔥🔥
Sadly they remove the dance break part and the bridge part😢
Is it a whole song? Sounds shorter🤔
angel voice
Congratulations Im Nayeon❤️💯You've come so far, indeed with Twice. I know you're all inseperable, be healthy and be always happy. Godbless. Thanks for existing in this world. I really mean it, we do.❤
良い声ですなぁ
The more i listen to nayeon, i fall deeper and deeper to her voice.. WAAAHH! I LOVE YOUUU
나연이 목소리는 자다가 들어도 알수있음 ❤ 너무 유니크한 보컬
Lindaaaaaa
Her head voice is really my favoriteee aaaaaaa
นายอน เก่งมาก ❤❤นายอน น่ารัก และมี ความสามารถสูงมาก ยอมรับ ว่า นายอน เก่งมาก❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Love nayeon...🫶🫶🫶🫶
Yeahh the queen of alphabet is killing it!
👍👍👍
She makes it look so easy
Noooo i love thiissss she nailed this performance sooo much. Idk what else to say to haters if they aint still recognizing thay nayeon CAN sing lmaoo. And this isnt an easy song. You can see nayeons range. I wish she sang a bside too. Want to hear her sing Count it live sooo bad.
씨디를 삼킨나연~멋지다!!!!
ナヨンちゃんの声大好き！！
Nayeon ga pernah mengecewakan. Bangga💖
The Perfect idol Im Nayeon
Nayeon's strongest comeback
ナヨン の緊張が伝わってきました🎤お疲れ様でした😊 ソロのナヨン も素敵✨
나연이 라이브는 믿고듣지!! 이번 주 활동도 수고했고 다음주도 열시미 건강하고 재밌게 하자!! 그리고 원스 분들!! 스트리밍이랑 음악방송 사전투표 잊지 않으셨죠?? 꼭꼭 부탁드려요!! ABCD 화이팅 ❤❤ 임나연 화이팅!!
天性のアイドル
TWICE vocals doesn't disappoint as always! so proud of you Nayeonnie, hopefully next it's live for TWICE comeback!
akhirnyaa, mantap its live!
Show what you got girl!!!!!!!! We are always here, supporting, loving and cheering for you and for all the TWICE members! I love you all. I hope you'll never be apart and continue to make more good music
i thought this song is hard to sing but nayeon unnie sing it too easily 😮😮. nayeon unnie fighting ❤
오 노래잘한다
QUEEEEEN
Susah naw nk bawa lagu ni 👏🏻
가사가 좋다
이노래 무한반복중 ❤
알려줄게 baby how to love 이 부분이 특히 넘 쫀득하고 좋다
Queen never dissapoints
娜璉真的是太完美了❤
NAYEON❤
SHE'S PERFECT🧚‍♀️🔥
Queen
Nayeon ❤
Wooah! Great performance, our summer queen! Please sing HalliGalli, too! 🥺🥺🥺
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
<3
歌も上手くて、かわいくて、最高です！💕
Its time we start appreciating her vocals cause gahh damn
踊らないからこそ、ナヨンの歌唱力の素晴らしさが更に伝わる🩵
임나연 멋지다
확실히 나연이 노래 잘해...
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Suaranya bagus ❤❤❤
嬉しい可愛い😭
와 이번 활동 넘 좋구요 !!!!
THE REAL IT GIRL
이번 앨범 수록도 다 개좋은듯 ㅋㅋ 빨리 바이닐 왔음 좋겠다❤
Stream please oncess!!
엄청 긴장했네 ㅋㅋㅋ
She's perfect ❤
mother
omg, nayeon sounds so good and i absolutely love the band version of ABCD
Nayeon ❤❤❤
너무 잘해요 우리 명창토끼🐰🩵🩵🩵
Nayeonnnnnn
❤❤❤
NAYEON 加油
❤❤❤❤❤
さすがナヨンちゃん！ 緊張したって言ってたけど、軽々とこの歌を歌えちゃうところがさすが歌姫♡ ミニドレスとヘアのスタイリングがかわいいーー
QUEEEEEEN NAYEEEEEEEEE
❤❤❤
I'm saying it, this is SOTY and there's nothing anyone can do about it
ほんと口から音源だよなあ〜〜〜〜
U know whats the other name for slay nayeon 😎
❤❤❤❤
WAAAHH THE VOCALS❤  this song is meant to have back up dancers.
Nayeon❤❤
jennie can’t do this
Nayeon, I love you
Dj,. Fr🎉
HER POWERFUL VOCAL
Nayeon unnie is an all-rounder idol ❤
Nayeonaaaa
you did well, Nayeon-iie!
I love song
Stream Mv
I love Nayeon
Nayeon is perfect,  the best idol i love you nayeon thank you for this comeback❤
I love nayeon
Cute
너무 너무 멋지고 시원한 올 여름 선물 고마워!!  나연 올 여름 최고의 핫걸!
A summer queen❤❤❤❤
Amo la canción! Gran presentación
woow
she's pretty
Nayeon is getting the promo and fame she deserves. She's such a positive vibe
노래 엄청 빡센데 진짜 너무 잘한다ㄷㄷ
Nayeon is real queen
임나연 라이브 미쳤다 어쩜 이렇게 다 잘함😍
Mba naya ❤
와😂 이걸 라이브하네…  역시 연차는 못속이죠~ 대단함👍 이번에 노래 다 좋음❤
명창토끼🥰🥰🥰
나연이는 언제나 최고야 🫶🏻✨
sayang ku keren bgt naya🥹🧚💗
WOW NAYEON LUAR BIASA SARANGHE❤❤❤❤
LOVE HER VOCALS
上手すぎる！！！！
❤❤❤
本当に生歌か疑うぐらい上手い
ma baby bunny ❤❤❤
Deabakkk
Nayeon truly is an ace
Thank you nayeon for another amazing song...
Nayeon ahh good job❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Nayeon dont be nervous. You got this. We love you soo ❤❤ muchhh
HER VOCAL
ナヨンちゃんかっこいいよ〜！最高！
❤
밴드 버전도 좋다...
6억 갚자~
How many international fans are here? ✋
يحياتي يوم قالت ان الاعضاء م كانو وياها عشان جي هي مب بخير
ナヨン！素敵！！
bagus banget mbak nayeoooon lup yu ❤❤❤❤
PERFECT
퀸나연 이번 솔로 앨범도 노래 정말 좋아요,노래도 잘하고 이쁘네 😊 밴드버전도 좋네요 둠칫둠칫  건강하게 활동 하자🖤❤️
앞 순서가 신인분들 녹화라서 같이 떨리고 긴장됐다고 하더니 긴장이 느껴지긴 하지만 너무 잘해
My cute and talented Nayeon
NAYEONNN!!! 💗
SHE ATEEE
👑🐰loveliest bunny im nayeon, amazing vocals yeowo😍😍😍
*Queen NaYEONCÉ saved the Summer ONCÉ again! Her vocals always served! Our korean Diva never disappoints!🔥🗣️*
갚자 6억~
It's already 400 comments 🙂
Ate
So pretty
🇻🇪🩵🐰❤️😍😍😍😍😍😍🇻🇪
The vocals and visuals?excuse me
love you nayeon
Nayeon pretty
Love ＆ Peace.😁
와 이거 어케 부르면서 춤추지....
Nayeon always rock's ❤
ওর কন্ঠ অনেক সুন্দর।
ナヨンさんラブ❤️
올게 왔구나.. 나연..다르다 역시  일진광풍으로구나
🩵💛🩵💛🩵
素敵　^o^
Love it😊
This is so cool!
Nayeonn queen
Nayeon vocals are insane!! Lets support it Once!!
Позовите уже BADVILLAIN
Its main character “IM NAYEON”
Талант ❤
え〜い
Nayeon's vocal growth needs to be acknowledged more. She's sounding better every comeback
Who knows Nayeonie’s dress brand??? Love it so much!!! Please someone tell me
THIS IS THE SONG OF THE YEAR!!!
Nayeon sounded so good! She really suits songs like these
Nayeon and her powerful vocal. Always give her best. Everything in her scream perfect 💕💕
빠르고 노래부르는구간이 쉼없는데 진짜 잘한다
飆淚 太感動了
노래 들을수록 넘 좋다
You did so well NAYEON🫶 We love this album so much. "ABCD" SOTY❤️‍🔥
THE MIC IS ON
NAYEON 真正唱歌實力，戰鬥火力全開！💯👍❤
まじでカムバのたびに果てしない成長を見せてくれてありがとう😊
I'm so proud of her🙌🏻
이분 현직 아이돌 대장토끼입니다.
노래 좋네~ 많은 활동 부탁드려요❤
The song!!? The live stage!!? The charisma!!? The voice!!? The vocals!!? The visuals!!? Everything is perfect nayeon never disappoints
She is such an icol
توايس نايون ميدائئئئاا
NAYEON "ABCD" SOTY
본투비아이돌 임나연
かわいすぎるだろーーーー
All i want is love, love with you~ my fav part♡
まじナヨン姐さんって感じ
음악성. 음색.귀여움 모두 죽이네
Nayeon is so great, her mini album is excellent
I love you nayeon unnie❤️🥰
No doubt! Nayeon is born to be an idol. She has it all. An all-rounded idol! I said what I said. Fighting, Nayeonie! 🫶
the one & only IM NAYEON " NA " !!!!!
xinh đẹp , hát hay
Her vocal is not jok
Aaaah Our Nay, we so proud for u..
Plzzzzzz upload it to ventax plzzzzzzzzzzz
❤❤❤🎉
NAYEONNNN
역시 나연!!
Nations centre for a reason
Sounds like SOTY
NAYEON SAVED KPOP AGAIN WITH THAT DANCE BREAK STREAM ABCD MV AND VOTE GUYS ❤❤❤
Nahyeon ❤
She never disappoints 💓
She's adorable :) I hope one day I can see her
ナヨンちゃーーん！！！ ABCDは最高！！
Kraliçe ya
Müthissin askım
HER VOCAL IS INSANE
임여워! 임여워! 임여워!
Sounds awesome with a live band 👍  ILYSMB 😘💨💞
Nayeon you did so well in this comeback!
in loooove in loooove
ナヨンちゃーーん！！待ってた！
나연언니 사랑해 ᵒ̴̶̷̥́ ·̫ ᵒ̴̶̷̣̥̀
STAN NAYEON & STREAM ABCD & VOTE NAYEON!!!!!!🩵🩵🩵
Slay
WTF NAYEONNN U ARE THE BEST
SUMMER QUEEN IM NAYEON
노래가 진짜 쉴틈이 없네 😅
Our nayeony!! 🐰
ABCD 너무 노래가 좋아요 머릿속에 계속 남는데  들을수록 좋아요 최고의 앨범을 선물해준 나연이에게 고마워요
🩵
Её вокал и рэп прекрасен
밴드버전도 좋다리 😍🐰
Ooooh 👏❣️
Aaa finally
nayeon vocals are amazing 🔥🔥🔥
Slayyy bb
Canta e canta né!!!! Uma passarinhaaa ❤ ficou lindooo, quero mais
the song is pretty fast and since she's the only one singing, there are no stops except for the dance break part. There are so many rap parts (which makes the song hard, also makes it harder to find a time to take a breath) and I'm  impressed she sang it flawlessly. Im so happy she went to it's live! Slayed as always!!
nayeon is a great singer!! 💕💞
Nayeon i love youu, thank you for your hard work ❤️‍🔥🩷🩷🩷
N to A you are my type yeah 😫
Nayeon cutie!
Great vocal, Great Performance ❤love you Nayeonieee
Şarkının normal halinden hiç bir farkı yok BEST VOCALİST
READY TO BE SPECIAL 솔로무대 미리보기🩵
ナヨン～!!歌うますぎます!! 力強い歌い方で素敵❤
only one sing?😢
nayeon visual and vocals >>>>
Nayeon is really JYP’s star 🫡
ナヨンの歌声って凄い中毒性があって一生聴いてられる
💯❤
SLAYYY
Floop😂
её голос >>>>
im nayeon lo keren banget
I love Nayeon's voice
ABCD락버전도 정말 좋은것 같아요 나연 라이브 정말 잘함 최근에 더 예뻐진듯❤❤
nayeon omagaawrr
She's the perfect idol : vocals, talent, beauty, charisma !
NAYEON'S VOCALS🔥
Nayeon debe ser la idol más equilibrada en el medio  Cantando es un 9 Rapeando un 6 Bailando un 7 Presencia 8 Componiendo 8  No tiene ni una debilidad
❤
Nayeonnnn
DinoDance  😁👍👍
声量すごいある❤ナヨンの歌声大好き！
Her vocals are impressive!
최고다 컴백 첫주 고생많았어 나연이의 도전 응원해요🩵
NAYEONN QUEENN😍😍
매력적이다
나연이는정말신이내린선물같은존재임.. 그대는선물입니다 🥹
that gets cooler everytime i hear it
Are you kidding me ? She sounds the same as the studio recording . Well done! 🥰
Nayeon prettiest!!!!
ドラムの音が強く聞こえるとまた違う感じになってかっこいい！！
41  min ago❤
NAYEON 🩵
SUMMER OF THE QUEEN
ナヨンちゃん最高♡♡
NAYEON ATE
언니야 너무 잘 불렀다!! 긴장한 언니 표정 넘나 귀여우면서도 나중에는 진짜 라이브하는거 긴장없이 완전히 즐기는 모습 보고파용!!! 진짜 넘나 멋졌다!!!
まじ口から音源！！！
So proud of my girl 🥹🫶🏻
Not a fan of Twice but stumbled upon the mv, this is so good!!!! Fighting, Nayeon! 🤍
Vocalssss ! yasss gurl
LOVE YOU
AMAZING!
AAAAAA❤❤❤
she is a very good!
노래가 귀에 안익는다 팝이 너무 강렬했나
Udh cantik pandai nyanyi lagi sempurna dah
Nayeonnnn🎉🎉🎉
드디어!!!! 이 날만을 기다렸다!!!! 넘나 좋다!!!!
Cantikk banget dah
ナヨン😊❤可愛い!新曲のダンス、歌カッコイイ!
라이브잘한당😊
When she started dancing to the beat <3 you must have felt so nervous Nabongs we are SSOOOOOO PROUD of you are doing fantastic!!!
잘한다!! 나연이 무대에서 이렇게 긴장하는거 첨보네 냉터뷰 나와서 갑자기 엄청 긴장했었다는게 이거였구나?ㅋㅋㅋㅋ
Love it! Go go Nayeon!❤
my favorite vocalist in Twice since day 1 ><
For the future generations of K-POP, She is , Jyp's golden spoon Nations centre TWICE' identity Best solo artist Nayeonce' The best idol The IT girl of 3rd gen Also the ideal IDOL IN K-POP The combination vocal , talent , entertainment, skills , charisma.  I'm nayeon ❤ For dululu 4th gen fans : all of this will  never need explanations coz it's already been proved and " I'm nayeon " already established.
Good job Nayeon❤❤❤
와 노래가 진짜 쉴틈이 없네.. 근데 너무 잘한다 🧡🍑🐰
❤
娜璉！！！！超喜歡😍
Loveee youu bebeee
CUTE NAYEON
My baby
바쁠텐데 잇츠라이브까지 잘 준비해서 보여줘서 맘에 쏙 드네요 대장토끼 임나연 화이팅 ~!
だいすき
great vocal from Nayeon
0:51 start!!
Our queen 👑💝
Nayeon showcasing her powerful voice...m
Her vocals are no jokes
❤️❤️❤️
Pretty Nayeon
Wow, finally a twice and it's live interaction! i have been waiting for this a lot, hoping to see them as a group next time here^^
She looks so moved at the end
투표 주세요
she is perfect
We love you Nayeon
Nayeon did it so well !
난 좋아
Abcd 와 나연언니랑 화이팅 🎉
Queen
명창토끼 미쳤다!!!!!!!
ปังมาก
Best song
SARANGHEYO!!!
Queen of vocal
I love the fact how she differentiate between the idols who became singers and the singers who became idols.
かわいい！
このチャンネルにいつかナヨンちゃんでてほしかったから嬉しい꒰՞⸝⸝⊃ ·̫ <՞꒱
AAAH SOY DE MÉXICO Y LO MEJOR ES MADRUGAR
OUR NAYEON IS WORKING SO HARD <333333
We love you
slayyyyy
She is called  " NATION'S CENTRE" Yes , thats I'm nayeon.
nayeonce did not come to play with this one
ohh nayeon ilove you!
밴드라이브도 너무 좋다❤ 나연이 목소리에 더욱 집중하게되네!
Im nayeon lets go!!
Es tan preciosa
Hermosa voz❤
Nayeon so pretty love you ❤
언니 멤버들없이 혼자인데도 너무잘했어❤❤❤
ABCD IM NAYEON
라이브 너무 잘한다 울공주❤
So amazing !!! Don't forget to eat drink and sleep Nayeon😊
NAYEON ❤❤❤❤❤❤ MY VOCAL QUEEEN
Only 1 song? T_T
요즘 나연이 볼수 있는 곳이 많아서 너무 신난다 나연이만 보면 힐링이 된다
수록곡도 듣고싶다
너무잘한다❤❤
бести
FOUR PLUS FOUR IS????
목소리에 한번 더 반했다!! 🩵 언니 이번 활동도 화이팅!!🩵
고생했어 우리 나봉스🩵
You did so well Nayeon!!!
nayeon queen of vocal
ahhh!!! she's amazing
ダンスだけじゃ無い魅力たっぷりな歌声❤
semoga kali ini kamu dapet penghargaan dimushow yah nay
Where are is the nayeon fans ❤
이번 활동 많아서 좋다 howow!
Kereng bgt nayaa
生うますぎ
나연사랑해 너무나 다른모습 보여줘서 너무 고마워요 ! abcd 노래 흥하자 너무좋아!
QUEEN'S MIC IS ON 👑❤
역시 나연이 라이브 최고다 음색도 최고 노래도 최고 다 잘해
Love you my princess
Nayeon林娜琏 ❤🐇
うーーーま！！！！！
SHE KNOW SHE SLAYED
nayeon so pretty ❤
НАЕН КОРОЛЕВА
ナヨンきて嬉しい😢🩵
LETS GOOOOOOO NAYEOOOOOOOOOOON
Esperaba un bside como Jihyo, pero me encantó 🩵
THE VOCALS!!!
트와이스 센터는 당연 다 잘해야지
역시 임나연 👏🏼
So short 😮
Nayeon  vocals with live band hits different  ❤ Once keep showering lots of love and support to Nayeon ❤. Nayeon fighting
Giọng hát tuyệt ❤
Nayeli
이쁘다!
Nayeon live, Nayeon is my LIFE
Te amo
ควีนของจริงงง ตัวมัมตัวแม่ เริ่ดสุดในย่าน😭✨❤‍🔥
NAYEOOON!!! TE AMOOO!! HAREMOS DE TODOO PARA APOYARTE Y QUE SEA MUY AGRADABLE TU REGRESOO!!❤❤❤
핫걸 임나연 너무 좋아 보컬로 찢었다
𝓝𝓪𝔂𝓮𝓸𝓷❤❤❤
slay
QUEEN
ABECD로 했어야 더 재밌었을듯
Kpop Queen
Pretty LIMNAYEON 🥰✨🫠
Always glad to see opportunities for Nayeon’s vocals to shine. This was amazing. Well done to Nayeon and the live band on this performance
Omg! 16 minutes ago!
이 쉴새없이 빠른노래를 안무까지 하면서 하다니 라이브보니 더 대단하게 느껴진다 나연이최고!!❤
나연아 너무 잘했어🥹🫶
역대급 센터 국보 아이돌 임나연👍
生歌強すぎる〜！
She's so beautiful and talented💕 good work nayeon 🫶🥺
Nayeonnie you are the best. I totally love this comeback. You’re talented and born to be a star. Your vocal, dance, and charisma during live performances are all on point. You make me really happy and I wish you live happily and healthily too. 🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵
우리 토끼 라이브 찢었다ㄷㄷ
她真的好緊張，很少看見她這樣
명창토끼공쥬님 너무 잘불러서 오늘 또 반함 앞으로도 좋은음악 좋은노래 많이 불러줘🩵 (낯가림이 긴장한게 너무 보여서 살짝 걱정했지만 그모습마저 귀여워 보이는 원스😊)
너무 멋있고 섹ㅅ한 우리 언니
0:09 drummer yang pake kacamata mirip dr. tirta, njir🤣.
SOTY 🔥🔥🔥
본업천재 아이돌중의 아이돌 역대급 센터 임나연 최고다🩵
Nayeon lovesrs button ❤❤❤
HEOL Her voice is just so amazing.
i love you queen
Stunnnniiiingggg
보컬 춤 비주얼까지 완벽한 만능토끼💕
さすがナヨンちゃん👍✨✨安定して上手い！！
ABCD SOTY ❤
임나연 너무 멋있다🐰 예뻐💓
나연이 여기 저기 많이 나와서 너무 좋다
YEAYYY
1. 이 노래, ABCD는 멜로디도, 힙한 가사 + 리듬도 같이 많다는게 특징   2. 그런데 그것들이 다 물흐르듯이 하나인 것처럼 들리게 묶인다는게 핵심  3. 나연의 목소리가 2, 3년 전에 비해서 배음이 많아졌다는 느낌, 즉 목소리가 풍부해졌다. 예전에는 음역대 자체는 상당히 넓고 고음도 쭉쭉 잘 올렸지만, 뭔가 소리(발성)가 좁다는 느낌이었는데,  지금은 놀라울 정도로 풍부해지고 마일드해짐. 개인적으로는 가장 만족스러운 부분  4. 녹음 음원에서의 그 리듬맛을 어떻게 살릴까? 궁금했는데,  드러머 한분 + 퍼커션 한분으로 살렸다. 역시  5. 이 촬영날, 목이 좀 잠겼던 것 같다, 긴장해서 그랬던건가  어쨌든 나연씨의 수고가 많았습니다, 완성도 높게 들을 수 있어서 좋네요
갑자기 긴장이 몰려왔다는 무대가 이거었구나~~^^
QUEEN !!!!! SHE CAME TO SAVE THE SUMMER AGAIN 🧎‍♀️💕
diva slaying her live performance
Congrats on the comeback Nayeony, super proud of you!! ABCD is perfect and song of the year, you're the best Nayeony
핫걸 임나연❤
NAYEON’S VOICE NEVER MISSES
She's pop song is good 😊
you did well nayeon ❤
Nayeon...she's not eating cd's she's the whole studio herself...her vocal is always on fire🙆🏻‍♀️🥰🥰
YOU DID SO WELL NAYEON!
FACT: NAYEON CUTENESS, DANCE, RAP, VISUAL AND VOCALS ARE NOT A JOKE Y'ALL. SO ANGELIC, BEAUTIFULLY AND BREATHTAKING. THEIR CUTENESS, DANCE, RAP, VISUAL AND VOCALS ARE OUTTA THIS WORLD😭💔
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU, NAYEON!
Slay Nayeon
NAYEON SO PRETTY
A TO Z MY TYPE - NAYEON
Nayeon <3
NAYEON NEVER DISAPPOINT US 🔥❤️
Nayeon the woman that you are
노래 부르는 내내 엄청 긴장한 거 같더니 끝나고 나서도 긴장 안 풀리나봐 ㅜㅜ 그래도 너무너무 잘했어~!!
Thank you for your hard work 🙏 Queen of summer 🌞 Im Nayeon!💙👑🍭
nayeon proving once again that her vocals live are excellent, let's support her comeback by streaming ABCD and the album
IM NAYEON VOCAL QUEEN 🩵🩵🩵🩵🩵
nayeon  so cute
A to Z  임나연 youre my type 나연이가 너무 좋다ㅠㅠ
*🦋나연의 잇츠라이브🦋* 00:00 Welcome NAYEON 00:50 ABCD LIVE
Not many can do this. Queen of live singing, queen of dancing. Full package, Im Nayeon.
Aww wish it was longer and she sing another b side in NA album
🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
В смысле, а что только одну песню спела
so good
You sang so well! Loved it<3
อยากไ้ด้หลายๆเพลง
more pls nayeon has me under her spell!
왤케 잘해??ㅠㅠ 역시 대장토끼!!!!너무 잘해써!!!!! 언니 마니 사랑해🩵🩵🩵
❤❤️‍🔥🇧🇷😍
SLAY GURL
ㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷㄷ
divina hermoso todo, siempre un 100
👏👏👏😃  🙇‍♂️💓🍀🎶
거짓말 벌ㅆㅓ 끝나???
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I need more 😔
인생에서 가장 찬란한 시절인 20대의 나연과 트와이스 덕분에 내 학창 시절도 너무 아름답고 찬란하게 보냈던거 같다 트와이스 시절부터 워낙 육각형 아이돌로 유명했기 때문에 솔로로도 가장 활발하게 활동하는거 같음 앞으로도 건강하고 행복하게 활동하길😭😭
Nayeon ABCD 🐰🥰😍
Once assembly here!!!!❤
❤❤❤❤❤❤
AMAZING!
Nayeon is born to perform
임나연! 이쁘다! 사랑스럽다!
I love you nayeonnn
화이팅~!!
Nice !!
キャー😳ナヨン姉さんのだ！生歌を聴ける幸せな機会❤
OMG nayeon slayyyyy
NAYEON is the real vocal queen
음원 망했쥬?
なよんちゃぁぁぁぁん！！！！ すきぃぃぃぃ
cmon let's get nayeon a win!!! KEEP STREAMING
나연아 이번활동 많이 준비해줘서 고마워
🐇💞
Woah lets go !!
나연언니 🔥
더크로스 추천
our queen of Alphabet
나봉!! 대장토끼 임나연 ㅎㅇㅌ!
WE ARE READY
So proud of you Nayeonieee! 🥹❤️
ナヨン姫🩵楽しみぃ~😚😚😚
Seated for NA!
나연 진짜 예쁘네
I can't live without Im Nayeon 😭
3rd gen kpop best female soloist , im here 😎
How lovely Nayeon is ♥️♥️♥️♥️
나연이 멋있다~~~ 파이팅!!
Keep Streaming ABCD mv on  yt
Pls stream ABCD MV on YouTube
Pls stream ABCD MV on YouTube
기다리고있어❤  천재아이돌
cant wait to see my nayeon 🌹
SOOO EXCITED ABOUT THIS! NAYEON ON It's LIVE!🩵 Ahh It Was SO GREAT She SOUNDS SOO Fresh & I Really Like The "MUTE & MOVE" Part Of THE SONG I Like The Groove In NAYEON's Voice It Was Watching & Listening HER LIVE. She LOOKS SOOO BEAUTIFUL She Looked Like A Cute BUTTERFLY Our IM YEOWO Bunny. Her LAUGH At THE START & At THE END When Bowed...She's SO CUTE🥹She Was Nervous But She Did GREAT, She Missed The MEMEBERS 🥹❤FIGHTING NABONG Love You A LOT!, Don't Stress Just Enjoy This Comeback Noona!🩵
나연은 우리를 절대 실망시키지 않는 사람이에요. 나연이를 영원히 응원할 분이라면 손을 들어주세요
퀸나연 기대됩니다.
Nayeon ❤
How many international fans are here to support Nayeon??? ✋
