I still come back to this series. That was our year man.
Oilers were oiling up the Panthers 😂😂
I knew it I knew it. I knew it the biggest biggest congratulations to the Florida Panthers .  And   Brad. Two victories over   The same opponent absolutely insane. I had a dream like two nights ago, where you won and Brad won the playoff MVP. I don’t know if I.  Congratulated you on your 1st Stanley Cup but  the biggest biggest congratulations to the back-to-back Stanley Cup champion Florida Panthers From Canada❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
PANTHERS LET THEM WIN SO THEY COULD BE HOME FOR THE CUP
did you see wtf that guy did!?!?!?!? for the first goal??? anybody who thinks their good your nothing compared to these guys WOW!!
Bring the cup back to Canada
Gg
These teams have reached the finals for 2 years in a row, showing incredible competition and top-class hockey! It's just crazy!
😅 I think 🤔 also the NBA is gonna have game 7 after all.
EO VS  FTHEP❤❤
Practice the corner everytime
florida sucked for 20years
What could’ve been 😢
It still breaks my heart we lost game 7 after this 😢
WAIT FOR IT ZACH HYMAN IN THE EXPRESS LANE SCORES
take me backkkkkkk😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭💔💔💔💔💔💔💔
🎉oilers
Been Stanley Cup Final i've ever seen
Who thinks the oilers will win the Stanley cup this year
Anyone else watching this like half a year later, one of my favourite oilers games I’ve watched
Sad😢😢
Go Oilers❤❤❤
First comment after 1 month
So addicting to watch this over and over again!
Larkin Shore
This year was rigged.
Let’s go Oilers!!!
Я говорил, и буду говорить, Флориде этот позорный Кубок не украшает
1:19 3:22 7:30 9:04 9:39
4:40 4:57
I propose i guess the question. If we would have won. Do you think that if they had won the cup, would this not be considered the greatest hockey team ever? Beating out the current obe, the 84''-85" Oilers?
Ddd😊
Hockey is the best sport of 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
The call at the end was the best I’ve heard of the playoffs! I rewatch this specifically for it.
5he curse of 1988 will stop him
Bianca
...was good for a few days lol
Я очень хочу передать слова поздравления нашим ребятам, это не просто победа, это великая победа, это такой труд, который ни чем не измерить. Обнимашки и целовашки🎉❤😂
God the Florida fans here are turkeys. Congrats on barely sqeaking this out Panthers but ya'll fans are pathetic bandwagoneers that know nothing about how to win with dignity.    American attitudes are disturbingly inhuman. A lot of parents fail their children for life there.
Haha, get fked coilers
I'm positive that Florida Panthers will take game 7! Let's go panthers!
I've been waiting to shave this f'n beard since April 20th!!!!
I've been waiting to shave this f'n beard since April 20th!
what do they average shots on target?
Hey Sportsnet.... there is a second 70 goal scorer this season... Funny how you all skipped that!
Can't wait for this game!!!! Edmonton may not get back here again, especially with both McDavid and Draisaitl in the line up as Draisaitl is going into the final year of his contract and both players are in their late 20s. "Winning Game 7 would give the Oilers an opportunity to say they won it regardless what happens going forward. Losing Game 7 would only make the path forward slightly more painful to navigate knowing they were this close." - Ryan S Clark.    This IS Edmonton's moment and more importantly, Canada's moment. Let's make sports history and bestow shame on Florida. To quote, the NHL''s Ryan S Clark on Sergei Bobrovsky. "He went from being a win away from capturing his first Stanley Cup and a Conn Smythe, to now facing questions about what has gone wrong with both him and his teammates. Losing Game 7 and the Stanley Cup as a whole would not be entirely on Bobrovsky. The Panthers have struggled to defend their zone and haven't provided the level of offensive support needed to help any goaltender. That said, Bobrovsky has also had his challenges that have compounded the Panthers' problems. It all amounts to the fact that Bobrovsky, a two-time Vezina Trophy winner, would be one of the faces of a team who went from having a chance to sweep the Stanley Cup Final only to be on the other end of what would be one of the biggest collapses in sports history."🏆🎉📈📰📕🎰♠♥♣♦🧧🍀
❤❤❤❤❤
Florida lost game 4 to 6 to win in Game 7 at home. Just take a chill pill Oilers
Win it for Perry and Henrique Edmonton.
There's nothing the sadistic side of me relishes more than a spoiled comeback. Team goes up by four goals, the other miraculously scores four unanswered, and then woah they just scored in the final minute of the third period. All of that work for nothing. Truly hope the Panthers can do this later today.
С такой игрой Panthers ничего не светит в 7 ой игре.
Edmonton will spank the those panthers no Jokes
Сглазили пантер
Florida, what in the hell are you doing? If you let these clowns beat you in game 7 you will never hear the end of it. WAKE THE HELL UP BOYS! I know what you are capable of, and this is not it. Where is the intensity? You should be laying out Oilers all over the ice and making them scared to touch the puck! What is this?!?! Where are you Tkachuk? Verheague? Cousins? Bennett? Barkov? Kulikov? Reinhart? Monday night is it boys.  - A concerned BRUINS fan that knows this Panthers playoffs team better than any other team. Don't let these bums beat you in your own damn arena boys. Good luck tomorrow night.
The off side play by Florida was an incredibly DUMB play. Move the puck an inch and your team-mate was on side. I hate to pick on one guy, but that was a stupid decision.
McJesus will bag 2 trophies monday!!
Edmonton deserves to win.
I never thought that Edmonton would go down 3-0. But like many others, I never thought that there would be a game 7. Likely the best series ever.
Did panther lose this one on purpose to so it can be a game 7 at home? This is Florida they are probably pushing for a game 9 at home lol
Both of these teams are going to play a tight defensive game, especially Florida since they can't afford to get behind at all. It will probably be 1-0 or 2-0 (empty net goal)
the ONLY way bob is taken n net is a sneak pass 2 on 1 any 1 man cant takebob if the kitty cats had defense he might have some help. ffgds
And Skinner got an assist!!!
I will admit to being one of the many who believed the Panthers were unstoppable after the first three games, especially with the goal differential until that point. Now, the series completely flipped the other direction...and with an even bigger goal differential with the Oilers dominating 18-5. A big part of me believes the Panthers are in huge trouble for Game 7.
9:57 sum up the Oilers this season 🔥 ❤️
Play La Bamba Baby.. Rickety Cricket be lovin the Oilers
OK, Edmonton, to borrow Cody Rhodes' catchphrase: Finish. The. Story. and WIN!!!
It going to suck not having this crowd next game
Hey sportsnet. Anyway to watch your channel in the states? We can’t stand the games on ESPN. It’s ruined this amazing series.
What great win but they effed up and played Shania Twains "Man! Ifeel like a women!" at the end of the game...total buzz kill
This years Oilers team deserves an anime adaptation.   Also, did the goalie get an assist on goal 5?
LETS GO OILERS!!!
Don't know the history - but has there ever been a game 7 of the SCF that went to OT?  If Florida can get its act somewhat together, I could see that happening.
Respect for Edmonton from Kazakhstan!
Barkov's smooth mitts!
No way that the panthers blew a 3-0 Series lead  Bob was the show now he's the dump  Sinner was the Dump, Now he's the show Crazy What Can Happen In 3 Hours of Pure Hockey..........
THIS SERIES MAN!!! No matter who wins tomorrow, as a blues fan, i just want to thank both teams for such a fun series.
Хера качели.
Panthers dominated Game 5 and would have won it easily if Bobrovsky hadn't melted down. If Edmonton ends up winning this thing... the Cats were THAT close.
Congrats to the Oilers on winning your sixth Stanley Cup and ending Canada's Cup drought.
Tachuk, Montour, Bovrosky, Barkov, Verhage are all pooping there pants right now
I want the next match to be a close, competitive overtime game  I wanna see just full heart being played from both teams
Flashback of 2004 Calgary Flames SC Finals vs Tampa Bay 😳
Болею за пантер, снимаю шляпу, эдмонтон
с двумя бросками по воротам плейофф не выигрывают.
Мой шок в шоке 🫨
Эдмонтон дерзай, Макдэвид заслужил кубок!
Cant wait for monday so that when the oilers win i can troll all the Russian clowns in the comments lmao
How can you not love Hyman?
Funny how gentle they are with the cup.  That thing has been at the bottom of swimming pools, lakes, dented, every bar in Canada has pictures of it in there.  My mom was tying the boat up at the dock and was like wth is that shiny thing - stanley cup sitting on the dock.  Each player gets a few days with it and they have fun with it
И что творят канадцы 🎉🎉🎉😊
What are hell is going on?
They were 2 9 and 1. They were 0 and 3... And now they're one win away from the Stanley Cup.   LETS GO OILERS!!!!
Честно я не признаю эту команду безпредельшиков, Флориду, но переживаю за бобра, за Боровского, ребята вам надо в другую команду, могу подсказать, в бафало идите усилите, и вас там оценят, можете ещё Мантура с собой, вот увидите, будет всё у вас норм, а здесь, нет, это пожелания
As a Vancouverite, GO OILERS!
Can’t wait for the 2024 Stanley Cup Finals micd up video 🔥
My club the Habs were the last Canadian team to win the Stanley Cup in 1993. I was 35 now  I'm 66 and that cup has been in the US for 31 straight years. Enough!!!  So very proud of the Edmonton Oilers. Bring that cup home guys.
Some are saying this is rigged. Never will the US lose willingly. Specially to a broke country like ours. So I think this was legit.  Oops. Actually, if you watch the Florida goal at .5 speed, it does look like Skinner doesn't have a normal reaction and let's Barkov score.... 🤔
Edmonton shows no quit in this Finals was a incredible comeback from them .
The best duo on a sports desk is Ivanka Osmak & Ken Reid.......no one is even close, including TSN, these two have such a great presence, it's great to watch, keep up the good work
The smart oilman management, now the media is chasing the oilman to the extreme stage. Please don't show the team the recent public opinion. Now is a very dangerous time. As long as the oilman team maintains its original intention, any opponent can break it.
AS A LONG TIME HOCKEY FAN, THIS SERIES HAS NEEN AMAZING.  TWO GREAT TEAMS DOING THINGS WORTHY OF THE CUP, BUT TO BE HONEST, I HOPE THE OILERS PREVAIL.  CANADA HAS GONE TOO LONG WITHOUT A WINNER.
Какой сплочонность команды, это канада, с ним шутки плохи, в хоккее, молодцы
котобобры решили сыграть в казино :)
Edmonton resident here, die hard oiler fan all my life but a harder Canada fan. Bring it home boys!🇨🇦
I think this will go to OT in game 7. It seems like the natural way to finish.I don't think I will be able to watch it if it does
Боб никакой 😂
The Oil will bring the cup home to Canada
Come on...Game 7 overtime.
Florida must win in the last game.
Tkachoooooke is gonnna get what it deserves.. whole oilers dressing room is attributing Tkachoke for inspiring them with his loose lips for their comeback Like Father like son will never win anything.. LMFAO
Честно говоря я смотрю и офигела,что произошло с Пантерами,это просто дичь какая то,они либо сливают серию,либо просто опростовалосились,Бобр Россия с тобой,но глядя на все это,нефтяники заберут кубок Как бы это не звучало,либо вам,Пантеры,заплатили, потому что вся Россия в шоке,как вы скатились ебана рот
I have been watching NHL final series playoffs for 6 decades and this series is one of the strangest that i have ever seen. Both teams are playing in an extremely nervous style that has no flow. We can put it down to "close checking" which it is but there is something more to it than that. We can call it a defensive series but that isnt exactly it either. It is scrambled play with no one really wanting to do anything other than not be the guy who makes a mistake . Chipping pucks around blindly in their own ends, often to players who are covered and trapped by receiving the puck, chippy passes that are intercepted over and over again along the boards and at the blueline followed by panic scrambling to try to get the puch back only to cough it up again. So disjointed by both teams. Mostly no one wants the puck so they just get rid of it by giving it up or slapping it to someone else who cant do anything with it either. I dont like it. Choppy. The players are working their guts out chasing but they all seem terrified. Way too nervous to get a flow going
Winnipeg Jets fan here... ... and as everyone here knows, Winnipeg has had a longer Stanley Cup drought than any other team😜... ... and I'd also like to point out that Maurice used to coach the Jets... ... now, if the status quo holds, Maurice will help the Oilers win. 😎  For a Jets fan like me, this series is now all about 🇨🇦 VS 🇺🇸.👍  Let's fvckin' GOOOOO!!!🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
Could be considered the greatest in all sports history especially if you look at it from a full season standpoint rather than 1 series. Nov. and 20 games into the season with 2 wins and last place in the league.  Coaching change and they tie an nhl record for consecutive wins. Almost win the conference. Down 3-2 against the pacific winners and come back to win. Down 3-0 against which everyone believes to be the best team in the nhl in the panthers.  You can’t get much better of a Cinderella story than that!
I don't like the microscopic, slow motion, off side. The linesmen are good!
EDMUNTUN RUNNING WIIIILD
Either the refs are paid off or this series is scripted. If you watch the highlights for all 6 games in a row, this series is the most literal definition of the word Unbelievable.
Incredible comeback by the Oilers. I cannot see them losing the final game now as they have all the momentum so all of Canada will be watching Game 7 on June24th. The last time a Canadian based team won was 1993- Montreal Canadiens. Since then four teams made the final but lost, Vancouver-1994 + 2011, Calgary- 2004, Edmonton-2006 and Montreal-2021. The only time a team down 3-0 won the last game was in 1942, Toronto over Detroit.
8:52
The panthers have completely disappeared
I can't believe how the Panthers lose a 3-0 advantage by collapsing the way they did against the Oilers.  Now, it's win or go home--Game 7.
When it was 3-1, I envisioned the possibility of a game 7 in overtime. If that happens, I will puke due to the stress
Норвежцы молодцы. Норвежцы родоначальники хоккея. Если бы не Бобровский, мне было бы пофиг наверное, кто там выиграет.
Florida forward to victory. Russians are rooting for you 🇷🇺
Hahaha these biased referees all series...
alas... Florida has a lot of Russians on the team... this makes itself felt... when the score in the series is 3:0, the Russians are already sure that the job is done!  relax... when the score becomes 3:3 - they give up... everything is gone!  and there is no cure...
Cats❤🎉❤
Не видать Бобу кубок 🏆🫣
Go oilers !!  Bring home lord stanley.
Win or lose.  It's been a heck of a series!  Thank you Oilers for taking it to game 7.
No matter what happens in Game 7, hot dogs and jerseys will be sold.
"They were 2-9-1! They were 0-3! And on Monday night they will play a one game showdown for all the marbles and the Stanley Cup!!!" I've listened to that call at the end of the game 10 times since last night amd I still have chills!!!!!!
Zach Hyman: It’s not too late to come back to the Maple Leafs.   Yes…I’m kidding.
Now, I’m not saying the Oilers come back was because of me, or that if they win, my name should be put on the cup with the rest of them😁, but in game 3 when they went down by a score of 3-1 just before the end of the 2nd period, I couldn’t take it any more, so I shut off the game, and haven’t watched a game since. And they won them all!! So if I don’t watch next Monday, and the Oilers win the cup, then they owe me big time for making the ultimate sacrifice and not watching.!😂 And being a Leafs fan I don’t really want any team to match the leafs 1942 record as the only team ever to come back to win the cup after being down 3-0 in the finals, but I guess if it has to happen, it may as well be a Canadian team like Edmonton. Go Oilers!!
Is it me or does no one like Florida lol??  I don’t either, but damn it’s crazy everyone rooting for Canada 🇨🇦!! 💕
Florida players should blame themselves. They look lost, unorganized on the ice.
ONE TO GO LETS GO OILERS ❤❤
German Gretzky has entered the series!
This went from arguably the most boring Cup final to the craziest in a long time
WOW!!
I am so proud of this Oilers team. Never give up!
ХуетА какаЯ тО 💩 с 3:0 ровнО 🤷🏻‍♂️
Florida lost game 6 to win it at home. Right, Florida fans? 😂
McJesus has risen
Still 1 game to go but imagining mcdavid on game day, in his thoughts telling himself how this will be his greatest game is comforting.florida better prepare themselves because a locked on,focused  and motivated mcdavid with the chance to lift the cup is terrifying  for florida. Gives me goosebumps. Monday will be the greatest game ever played completing a legendary cup run.
🎉
Спасибо за обзор🎉🎉🎉
Флорида поплыла. Где-то произошёл психологический надлом
If Oilers win game 7, then Panthers should be renamed Florida Maple Leafs
Ну что ребята. Флорида можно сказать уже проиграла финал и 7й матч. Психологически. Эдмонтон уже не отпустит свое. Это следовало ожидать. Психология сильная штука. И у Боба тоже не все впорядке. Но если не забивать ничего самим то шиш вам а не Стэнли. Скриньте коммент. 7й матч. Флорида Эдмонтон 1-3
This as to be Great series im going to watch game 7 for sure if Edmonton oilers win for the first time in 30 years Edmonton oilers are your first team as Canadian to win a cup
Thought Bobrovsky was suddenly the all time goaltender after games 1,2 & 3😂. Oilers are a better team and it was obvious from game 1. But Panthers might just get one over them in game 7
Такое впечатление что три последних игры этой серии финала играла другая команда Флориды - где отсутствует защита, решили что Бобровский всё сделает за вас? Конечно порадовали болельщиков шестью играми и развязкой в седьмой игре. Но если Пантеры хотят Кубок забрать в этом сезоне им надо будет биться за него с Нефтяниками!!!
BEHIND EVERY GREAT VICTORY IS A HARD FOUGHT BATTLE   there was no way the panthers were going to win in edmonton  the energy of the building the energy of the oilers
Oilers in 7
Canes fan here pulling for Edmonton.  It'll just be another hit against Biden if he can't keep the CUP south of the border.  GO OILERS!
18 goals in 3 of the last games. 👍😎🏒🥅✨ Go Oilers! 🇨🇦
Это говорит о том,что предыдущие 3 победы были  Бобровского! А дальше - это заслуга полевых игроков!  Жаль,что Бобровский не возьмёт кубок!
Awesome game Oilers 🎉🎉🎉
Bring it home oilers !
Просто безумно!
FYI.  Congrats to the Oilers coming from a three game deficit and Game 7 is on-schedule as promised in Florida´s turf.  GO PANTHERS!  Get ready to blow that horn and toss rats on the arena.  Prediction; 3-2 in OT, Panthers win the Stanley Cup at home and celebrate July 4th big time.
What would hurt more? Florida blowing a 3-0 series lead or Edmonton losing game 7 after coming all the way back in this series.
Before we get to game 7, I just want to say this has been the best season of NHL I've ever watched, and this has also been one of the most exciting series I've ever watched.
Good day from Edmonton ✨🇨🇦🥋🥋🥋🏒🥅✨ Awesome team effort!
Win or lose, I think Edmonton deserves the next 4 overall number 1 picks, because, you know, 4 in 6 isn’t fraudulent enough.
Are we witnessing the biggest choke job in NHL history?
Love the double ding of the posts on the 2nd goal 😊
what a truly disgusting display from the officials last evening ...
COME ON BOYS ONE MORE. BRING IT HOME
Skinner will score the winning goal game 7
Позорище Флорида,так сдуться😮
А где оборона Флориды сегодня была, ну блин Бобровский не может один против всех играть и Барков вместе с ним, где остальные!!!!!!!!!!
God i sincerely hope that they have one more good game left in 'em!!!!  Go Oilers!!!!
When I think of all the garbage posts over the past few weeks and months slamming Canada, slamning Canadian teams, deriding Edmonton/Oilers, all the anti-Canada arrogance, the insults, etc, well today... I can't help but smile.
17 SC finals have been decided by a game 7 since the NHL started. In no less than ALL of them the away team won.
OILERS GOT THE CHEMISTRY of WINNING THE STANLEY CUP 2024; ALL PLAYERS ARE DOING GREAT…
Man I'm a die hard Leafs fan but as a fan of hockey I'm 100% cheering for the Oilers. You can't help but have fun watching this series. The performances have been historic, Rogers Place is absolutely jumping. This is hands down one of the best series I've ever seen!
Canada better get a national holiday after oilers win the SC
What the Oilers are doing is historic no one has ever came back from 3-0 in the Cup Final in the modern era
This Oilers team has brought back nostalgic memories of the superlative WAYNE GRETZKY era. Best wishes to Oilers to win game 7 & the Stanley Cup. ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Imagine if Hyman actually wins the cup. The Leafs love giving away players that go on to win the Cup soon after.
😊😊😅😊
game seven is necessary!!
Panthers don’t even deserve to win at this point
My advice to Florida. Healthy scratch all the former Sabres on that team… the curse found them
The whole country is behind the oilers . GO OILERS GO
Florida doing their best Leafs impression  😬
The Oilers are the 5th team in NHL history to force a Game 6 after being down 3 games to zip.  The previous time was when New Jersey Devils were down 3 games to the L.A. Kings.  The amazing thing is that #19 Henriques played with New Jersey when that happened and now its deja vu.  Miracles do happen.   I've been an Oiler fan since their beginnings when they were the Edmonton Oil Kings.  My Uncle Vic who owned the Blue WIllow restaurant was a director. He made good friends with the Gretzky's and even took them on vacation to Hong Kong.  Kevin Lowe, Messier, Paul Coffey, Gretzky and the boys used to hang out at the restaurant.  I met Walter Gretzky at Wayne Gretzky's restaurant downtown Toronto with Uncle Vic and every 5 minutes, someone would ask him for his autograph LOL.  He would sign "W. Gretzky" so people could think it's Wayne's signature.  Good times.
Все сдулись Пантеры ....А как хорошо начали 3..0 в серии . А ЭДМОНТОН поймал кураж .попробуй останови его.
Bob was amazing in games 1, 2 and 3 while Skinner was not. Now it's like the opposite. I want Florida but I feel the momentum favors Edmonton. Florida is going to think about this the rest of their life if they never get back to the finals.
8:03 LFG
Florida is done, Edmonton is winning it Florida momentum is gone. You're up 3-0 in the series. To have that one game stripped from you now tied 3-3 Do the math fellas .
Such a great underdog story for the oilers:)
BOBS WEAKNESS IS HIS GLOVE-HAND UPPER...USE IT OILERS
Ex leaf Zak Hyman was allowed to walk for $5 million a season.
Zito probably feels like a soggy diaper right about now
this may be one of the greatest if not the greatest finals ive ever watched
Е6учая Флорида, слить серию с 3:0
At 7:10, Barkov should have passed instead of taking the shot
Bring the Cup back in Canada!
How do you possibly make a thrilling game as nhl hockey so boring by you video edit? Unbelievable
DEADMONTON 💀 COILERS 💩 SUCK 👎🏼
These highlights shouldve included the chant from the audience, was such an awesoke moment
Bring the Cup home to where it belongs Edmonton.
If Skinner shuts out Florida in game 7 does he get the con smythe?
Panthers fans wared your confidence now lol. 3 to 0 lead now its tied up .
Even the goalie is scoring goals 😅
Thanks for the highlights
I had zero faith in Edmonton going into this finals… i now have zero faith in Florida lol roller coaster! NHL couldn’t have planned a better outcome for this year. Whatta crazy game of momentum
Barkov with a bad turnover for the 1st goal - which seemed to set the tone for the rest of the game. Barkov is a great offensive talent, but can be an defensive liability. Announcers are pro-FL yahoos. The play was off-sides. The fact it wasn't off-sides by much doesn't mean it wasn't. This happens ALL THE TIME - Barkov pulled that puck back onto the blue line and Reinhart was leg-dragging...had Barkov NOT done that, Reinhart's fine.  Bottom line, Skinner is out-playing Bob, Edmonton's D is keeping FL from their usual million shots/game, and FL got too cocky after taking the 1st three. They had Edmon on the ropes and let game 4 go believing they'd just win it at home in 5.
Florida playing like its a best of 5 series.....LOL! They've already checked out.
UGH !!!🙄😵‍💫☹😠😡😤
Thd Oilers did good hope they win the cup
Я знал что будет 7игр и кубок будет во Флориде, я уверен.
Interesting that post game Maurice said he wouldn't have made that off-side challenge. I know the comment was a (rather weak) attempt to put doubt on the call. But it seems like he was also unintentionally admitting to being outcoached.
Connor > Crosby
It’s all for the oilers fan who flashed the crowd 😂
Panthers fans shouldn’t worry, they threw the other games so that they can win at home in 7
Game 7. We’re gonna find out which jinx is stronger - the Canadian Cup curse or the Trump jinx (the felon endorsed the Panthers in game 4 and they’ve shot blanks since). Screw Tkachuk too btw. Let’s Go Oilers
Big cats get their nails removed?
Bring the cup to Canada
Nun sind die Oliers im Vorteil.  Nach 80 Jahren können sie sich unsterblich machen. Und sie werden es tun.
Probably the best playoff atmosphere this game I’ve ever seen before in any sport
You are witnessing the great collapse!
Reverse sweep 🧹 coming up 🎉😂😂😂
GREATEST. SPORT. ON. PLANET. EARTH!!!!
That 3rd oilers goal was a thing of beauty. Craziest series I've seen in ages.
Whether or not they win on Monday (and bets are that they will), this series will go down into history books as one of the most extraordinary comebacks by a sports team.
After the first three games wow to come back this strong 😂
Script writters went absolutely insane this year
Pulling your goalie at 4:1 against you. What could go wrong?
As a panthers fan,  it seems they have given up. . . It really is hard to watch. They don't want the cup and Oilers prove their special teams is way better than any team in the NHL.
I've noticed the refs are definitely keeping the games from turning into riot fests and bench clearing brawls by sending both players that won't break up the tussle, to their boxes.  So, it seems there's been a lot more 4 on 4's than I ever recall, in the series! One or more, 4 on 4's, each game of the cup series? Seems like it.  It has been effective, keeping the fighting from getting out of hand and it's fun to watch more wide open hockey in 4 on 4's! I'd like to see stats to see if either team has scored during those and who has the advantage or better chance of scoring,  just like powerplay stats.  I'm sure it has a lot to do with what lines or players are matched up against each other out there, also.  It's been a great, interesting, exciting and entertaining cup series! One of the best! Goooo Can-a-daaaa!
Groundskeeper Willie -Woman do you have any grease? THEN GREASE ME UP!
Florida swamp-tards suck dog balls!💩
Can you say rigged NHL Stanley Cup?! Lol😂 online betting at its finest!!
As an oilers fan all I wanted was to not get swept after going down 0-3. I can’t believe we forced a game 7. This series ain’t done yet LETS GO OILERS
Сдулись пантеры (((
With so much on the line, how do you manage to get just 2 shots on goal the first period?  That's just not going to get it done. Should be quite a game on Monday!  It doesn't get any more critical than this!
Skinner had the same amount of points last night as the florida panthers btw 👍
Hats off and respect to the Edmonton Oilers for their success in the playoffs this year. With that, they are not  'team Canada' vs 'team USA', it's Edmonton vs Florida. Just don't like to see people jumping on the bandwagon ( I know a few ) and thinking that those teams are representing their counties for some reason.
Anyone else notice a couple WEAK penalties called? I think one was a first penalty called on an Edmonton player for phantom slashing and one later in the third on a Florida player for a hook, I think? Those 2 crummy calls balanced out but the refs were definitely not consistently sharp.
So glad I found another feed from Sportsnet that doesn't have these CBC fools calling their "equity" Stanley Cup hockey game. You know, the game where they "root" equally for both sides and let you know how both are "equal" as if you've cheering for "both" teams like some uninterested bystander.
I am not sure what happened towards the end of the game but either the goalie from the panthers thought that he wasn't supposed to guard the goal, maybe he was using the restroom or perhaps he didn't want to play
God damn what a series!!!
It's crazy watching the panthers go from stanley cup champions, to the Winnipeg Jets.i think Maurice is stumped. I think the oilers are in bobrovskys head too.
No pre-school hockey Oilers come Mon, seen it last year with the leafs, they were just toying with them and the 7th game was a pre-school game for the Honorable Leafs who was laid to the green 💚 it is exciting hockey but I'm going to contain my excitement cause after 30yrs I think I'll wait for the last 10 minutes to see if it's worth getting excited over!
If Bob didn’t stand on his head the first game, oilers would of raised the Cup last night.   Last few 0-3 turn around have ended with the 3-0 team winning game 7.  That happens, the game one will be hard to get over.
Florida just looks like it's hit the wall. Nothing left in the tank. Don't forget this is their 2nd year in a row going to the finals, they've run out of carbs and the Oilers look fresh. It seems there's nothing Panthers can do but watch the Oilers beat them. However, don't count Florida out in game 7 just yet. It'll be Florida's best game.
Team of highly skilled players vs. a team of divers, embellishers and grease.   Has Florida scored a goal from the blue line? Or off the rush?  Oilers in SEVEN as the hockey gods finally rouse themselves.  Now if we could get rid of Bettman, wow what a world.
I was at the game last night. We definitely got a shot at winning it all!
God I love hockey
Бобер потек, После 3-0 Бобра сглазили
Canadian heroes ❤
Watching Ekblad trying to dive in front of Foegle was great. Dumbass should just stay on his feet and play proper hockey
well that was easy.
No stopping Edmonton now. Game seven will be another blowout
This is the biggest choke in history of the NHL.. Could not happen to a bunch of nicer guys, lol
I don’t know what happened, or what’s going on with my team, I do know that Sean and ray were intolerable with there broadcasting last night, I’m mad about the loss yes. But this is separate, all those to did was glaze and glaze and glaze the oils all night long it genuinely wasn’t fun to watch
Hehehe 😈
They start off as the worst team in the league, it wouldn't be them if they didn't start off 0-3
Hh
Вести в серии 3-0 и так обосраться, это просто пипец, зашиты нету от слова совсем, вы что там делаете???
it happened last time in 42...only fitting it happens in 24
Что происходит, они вылезли из 0:3! Это шок!
Какой позорище....уверенно выиграли 3 матча подряд а потом ....что произошло потом?что это???Эдмонтон не лучшая команда ....
Отдали 4 ый матч, теперь кубок отдать придётся!
Бобр днище
We are witnessing NHL history being made, it's  a once in a life time event which we will never see happen again in our life, so watch the next game and enjoy this special event. Go Oilers go.
its a show, fake one😂
Бобр😢
Продались 😂
For those who say McDavid took the night off . . . he draws 2 and 3 defensive players creating an overlap and open ice.  He is always a threat.
Ай нефтяники молодцы с ноль три сравняли в серии  .три три.сто процентов кубок стенли будет у эдмонтона.молодцы как разыгрались.нашли ключи к бобровскому.не в одном голе бобровский не виноват.защита просто не куда .жаль.вели тпи ноль и так глупо растерять все преимущество
OMG if the Panthers lose this series it’s going to be a worse choke than Sharks vs Kings in 2014.
Game 4 I commenter if anyone thought Florida lost on purpose to win the cup at home... I was wrong. Should be a great game 7
Oilers ⛽️
Panthers have no excuses, they’re being out skated hands down since game 4?!  Slow, sloppy telegraphed passes?  Too many passes back and forth without ever shooting the puck?!  And, it’s very apparent the Oilers WANT TO WIN!!!!!!!  As a hockey fan loving the Stanley Cup play offs, the best team wins!!!!!!!!👍🏻
🇨🇦 ⛽️
There are some sneaky veterans on Edm, Henrique won 2 Memorial Cups, performs well in high stakes games, not to mention Corey Perry
This oilers season has been a script right from a movie. The awful start, the firing of woodcroft, the 16 game win streak, the series against Vancouver where they struggled all year in the regular season against them and had an amazing 7 game series, taking on the stars where they had just beat the last 2 cup champions to get to the conference round, and now the story that is unfolding here with the Stanley cup playoffs. Unreal. Monday is about to determine how this movie finishes.
F ing Yah, eh!
3 minutes pulling a goaly?
США умеет делать хорошее шоу. Тут и бизнес хороший - 7 матчей лучше чем 4. Кубок отдадут Неприкасаемому и потом снимут кино о МакЦыплёнке. Но замечу, что Ойлерс были заметно сильнее и должны были выигрывать серию 4-1 или 4-2. Бобровский не дал им это сделать и практически в одиночку тащил первые 3 матча.
I hope Kyle Dubas has nightmares every single night watching the biggest fumble in history letting Hyman walk for $5.5mil. What an absolute moron beyond comprehension
This series has gotten me into hockey, grew up going to bluejacket games and watching this series has brought me back to those times and I have never enjoyed hockey this much!! Can’t wait to see the final thanks for the show boys!
Remember, every time oilers have lost 3 in a row, they bounce back and go on massive 5+ game winning streaks. Happened 3x this season already
My god what a series. Both teams are over the top. History right here.
does Florida not know they need 1 more win smh
Skinner is the definition of brick wall
Let's not forget all those Panther fans .....helllo? Where did they all go😅
it was off-side in 1st goal
What a finale. What a masterpiece. Greetings from hockey fans from Russia.
they cant stop connor
🎉🎉🎉🎉1❤
it's time to oil up
I'll feel bad for Paul Maurice if Florida loses. Having said that< GO OILERS!
Its almost too good to be true, a unbeatable goalie then up 3-0 dominating then overnight a monumental collapse with no interest in winning the most prized trophy in sports? There is absolutely no fight & no drive in the Panthers & at some point frustration surely would have kicked in & it would have got nasty but none of that? Theres a reason coming back from 3-0 hasnt happened in 80 years & for the first time ever I think something is a miss here, im probably wrong but it really looks like the Panthers threw those games especially this one!
OMG!!! what has happened to the panthers they just seemed to hve lost it. but far play the oilers three games out shooting the panthers by a lot. so comes down to monday night win takes all one game
Does Paul Maurice resign if Florida loses?
We are witnessing history ladies and gentlemen.
Thanks alot panthers for letting us floridans...down you had oilers 3-0 one game would've won the Stanley cup..
OMG! PANTERS🤥🤥🤥
I said it. If the Panthers throw game 5 like they did, they're not winning the Cup. Really didn't want to see Canada win. But unfortunately, it's going to happen.
The fix is in. That offside fall was absolutely ridicioulus.  Also, put Stolarz in there. Bobrovsky has completely lost it.
Well, everyone said it would go seven they would come back in the NHL did exactly what they wanted. They got the hypo there so more and more people spent money it's all about the Benjamins and the super god that everybody drinks the Kool-Aid on.
As a Leafs fan, I'm jealous of the oilers, but I'm cheering you on from Ontario let's bring it home to canada and alberta GO OILERS
So excited and so proud of the Oilers. This has been an excellent series. Go Oilers!
One game! Oilers deserve this championship down 0-3 they are clicking and playing great. If i was a Florida fan I'd definitely be worried.
My favourite moment in the entire game? Easy: McDavid sitting on the Bench close to the end shouting to his teammates: WE´RE NOT DONE
Wings fan says that the Oilers are on a roll!! Go Oilers!
LOVE IT!  GO OIL, BEAT THE SCUM!!
I'm honored to have the privilege to witness this. Easily the most memorable final since Ovi vs Vegas in 2018
Бобка дырявый…первые игры ему чисто везло..)-)прям «герой»,»стена», а он просто дырка ,в ответственный момент .-))
Reading the comments from game 3 is a lot of fun, so many of them aged like milk. To get overconfident and cocky before crossing the finish line can make you look like an idiot. True that Florida can win game 7, but no one's laughing now. The Oilers got the momentum for the last 3 games and there's a ton of preassure on the Panthers.
Hope the Oilers win the SC.  Remember watching Canadiens (my favourite team) lift the SC in 1993.
every player that leaves the Toronto Maple Leafs what does well in the playoffs good job zach Hyman
Is this sped up? Anyone else notice?
I posted this warning to Panthers fans after they went up 3-0. "Don't be surprised if the Oilers win the next game or the next 3 games",  and there you have it. The Panthers look out of gas. Just like last year in the finals. Oilers are outplaying them and badly. So Monday may be a historic night.
Both of these teams deserve a Stanley Cup.   Proposal: can we give the 2023 cup to the Panthers, so Oilers can get this one?
Эдмонтонс арена поёт, вот это Канада, родина хоккея, как красиво, я лично с югов, родился, и в советские времена полюбил эту игру на льду, потом позже в россии атался на льду и полюбил эту игру, ране с детства смотрю этот вид игры, и восхищаюсь, сдес не только играть, но и характер должен быть, я вижу ойлерс им облодает, надо же так собраттся и дать бой на корте, это игра на льду с клюшкой и шайбой
WOW 😎
The hardest game to win is that 4th win. The Panthers are experiencing that now.
This is why they play best of 7
Incredible.
They say FIFA is rigged.  This is so FREEKIN RIGGED !!!!  BIG TIME !!!   Pans on fire for 3 games then they say ah...let's tone it down a bit. Big time RIGGED !!!
Florida has to back off on the forecheck for game 7. Florida’s forecheck since game four has about a -5 +/-. They also need to find a way to slow the game down, when they Edmonton to dictate the tempo they can’t keep up
What a series. some amazing games in there. Panthers have to feel lucky they did come away with a 3:0 lead, since they are getting outplayed in major parts. BUT the Panthers are still a great team, they still have homeice (hopefully in a better quality this time) and they still have a goali, that could steal another game. he didnt do it in game 6 but no one can honestly blame him for these goals.  Looking forward for game 7 and hoping the oilers can do the miracle-run.
Да,Эдмонтон заслуживае Стенли!,Молодцы!,канадцы мастера хоккея!,жаль что у Пантер ,нет духа,злости,сплоченности! ❤🎉
Везину Скинеру!!!
So all of a sudden Florida can't handle the Oilers speed. They're gonna have too in game 7 or this will be an all time epic collapse by FL and an all time epic comeback by Edmonton.
Florida doing what the Oilers did, making dumb panicky mistakes in neutral ice. It’s all Oilers now.
Awesome game
Wtf happend to Florida? Is it intentional giveup? Win 3 in a row and flush that gap right away into the toilet.
I think this comeback shows that these games are a lot closer than they seem. When the Panthers were winning, the Oilers still had opportunities but couldn't score. And now that the Oilers are winning some games, the Panthers simply can't get the puck in the net.
Vegas always win
What a series!
Coach Kris Knoblauch  Game film he played for his players was " The Mighty Ducks film"
I'm hoping the Leaf players are watching and learning what is necessary to be Stanley Cup finalists! I hope the Leaf management is watching and learning the true value of the players they "Let Go"
NHL will be cutting Edmonton a check for all the extra revenue believe that..
Oilers holding the Uno Reverse Sweep card.
As a die hard Habs fan, I'm so happy for Edmonton.  Their fans must be having a blast.
following the script that was presented.
Panthers lost the momentum for the final game !! The next period will be decisive.
Demoralizing victory. I love it.
Florida went from sweeping them to a complete meltdown
Cat fans where are you....🤣🤣
Как?
82 years since the last cup final reverse sweep. There are 82 games per season. In gematria, Hockey = 31, Canada = 24. Scripted for Canada to win the cup in 2024 after a 31 year drought.
The support staff and goalie are growing thru adversity, and their own persistence. This is the general message of the Holy Bible, too bad few read and understand it.
No matter the conclusion, Edmonton your Canada's heart and soul right now! Just go hard!
Пингвины также програли 4 игры подряд
So this is why the sports games are so interesting.
🔥🔥🔥
Those passes were right on the money. You can't beat that at all.
GO OILERS... THEY DIG DEEP FOR OIL IN THE FINALS SO FAR.. AWESOME COME BACK.
Edmonton, the hopes of the country rest on you. But after last night, even if the Oilers don't make it, boy, can you hold your heads up. Fantastic! -Andy in Toronto. :)
Cup is coming back to Canada
That one Panther fan at 7:40 lmao 😂
Get ready to lose in Florida
One more for Edmonton 😊
I can’t even believe it. This is awesome. Hockey is all the way back baby!
Panthers tank looks empty
Let's go Oilers.
Браво і щє раз бравісімо Едмонтон Слава Україні Слава ЗСУ
It wasn't McDavid best game but he's saving it for game 7. McDavid is most effective when he drives the net and draws penalties. Florida is choking as their offense has gone to sleep only 2 shots in the first 16 minutes.
Listen t o those Fans! Happy, happy, joy, joy!
That first goal Barkov scored should not have been reversed because it was too close - it was like a matter of a few inches. I cannot believe this is happening - that the Oilers have come back from being down 0-3 in the series and have levelled it up at 3-3!! I hope the Florida Panther fans can somehow inspire the Panther's players to win in the critical game 7 and help their cub win it's first ever Stanley Cup!  If Edmonton wins in game 7, I will still be happy - but not as happy if Florida wins. Hopefully the Hockey gods will be smiling on Florida in game 7!
We all need OT in Game 7 and may the best man win :)!
This is strickly amazing what the Edmonton Oilers are doing.
Очень интересная серия!)
now this is insane
Not a single point from mcdavid, and they still won 5-1 the depth has been activated like crazy
3-0 и 0-3 так не бывает  просто пантеры предательски сдают серию, а попробуй пикни, против системы не попреш, так что все вот эти рекорды этих клоунов фарс, 7 игр, все таки бизнес.
what a boring game it was....
Эдмонтон, вы красавцы
рано кошки расслабили свои булки, 3-0 это ещё не кубок...ощущение, что нефть диких котов уничтожит ))
EDMONTON gave BOB  a BOB haircut.....🤣😂🤠🥳
What a legendary comeback by the Oilers here comes game 7
Ойлерз за три игры приучили Пантерз, что они забивают первыми в первом периоде, потом на первых минутах во втором, а потом размазывают по всему катку как детей. Седьмой матч можно не смотреть, это будет повторение 4го,5го и 6го матчей.,потому,что Ойлерз настроен побеждать, а Пантерз вроде как погулять вышли.
Oilers you got this!!!! Make that comeback!!! Bruins fan here <3
game 3 I couldn't take my eyes off of Bobrovsky, game 6 I can't take my eyes off of Skinner...😮
What's happen, Florida?
Nothing easy! The Edmonton Oilers fans said, we're going to game seven baby. Game 7, game 7!!!
Skinner is floridas daddy
As a Canadian I want Edmonton to win. The drawback for me is the hockey news will be filled with how Toronto did it first. In 1942 against the Detroit Redwings. In Toronto news it will be ridiculous.
At one point the Oilers were up 10 - 1 in shots.  Fla out shot them the rest of the way.  Peddle to the metal all the way guys!
We got no fear, no doubt, all in balls out
Win or lose Edmonton you gentlemen are champions in Canada's eyes well done we are so sooooo proud of you ❤❤❤❤❤😂❤❤
What a series
Panthers will be savage at last game. Oilers also tbh...
7:39 Hyman did his thing
Любо-дорого смотреть такой хоккей, не то, что у нас по 20 минут катаются
This whole Oilers season has been pretty wild.
Could this be rigged? I feel like after game 3, somebody told the Florida team "OK guys, now take it easy as we really need the series to go on for 7 games, not just 4."
Флорида -ПОМОЙКА! ЧАО!! ;
I’m guessing Florida is now rethinking throwing game 4 up 3-0 to go back home to win it all on home ice..
Dallas is rooting for ya, Oilers!
you cannot lie that Florida HAS to be on their heels stressing now
Unbelievable !!!! So proud to be Canadian!
Florida please win. This is embarrassing
Боб....
This is my first stanley cup final after "discovering" ice hockey recently, wow. Hooked for life! 🎣
Обычный договорняк на 7 матчей, чтоб срубить бабла.
Happy Gilmore comeback against Shooter McGavin
Game is definitely scripted like the WWE
This is crazy, this is party…
As a salty Rangers fan, i'd just like to say....   How bout  dem Oilers! Go Canada!
Anybody know the heimlich maneuver? Adios chokethers.
We got ourselves a series
Rooting for the oilers.  Bring that cup back to Canada boys.
Chris Cuthbert >>>>>>>>>> Sean McDonough
З игры слить 😂😂😂😂расслабились и вот результат
Wow
A phenomenal finals for the 12 people still watching!
Respect to Oilers. They are equal after being three matches down.
Unbelievable! Edmonton wins again.
Эхх опять Серёга без кубка)))
Это пиздец
Bobblehead and tachunk , lol
I told Panther fans to take it easy after going up 3 games to 0, I couldn't stand how cocky there are. I am going to say the same thing to Edmonton fans, take it easy, you're not down 0-3 with nothing to lose anymore, the pressure is back on. And the panthers are not up 3-0, controlling the series and getting away from what they do best, the pressure is on. And we all know what happened the first three games of the series when the pressure was on. It's easy to play well when you have nothing to lose, now that the oilers are one game away, can they handle it? And no, I am not a Panthers fan or an Edmonton Oiler fan.
Hold on to your teeth there's no dentist in Florida game 7 is toughest there is forget the. Hockey stick
Florida lost game 4, to win at home. And Game 6 to win at home. But the real winners lose in regular season, so they can go home before playoffs.
Great final series.  But I have a sneaking suspicion Mr. Bettman  is still not going to allow a Canadian team to win the cup on his watch.
Panthers need to dig deep for GM7 because they have essentially checked out of this series at this point. No offence, no defence, Bobrovsky has been solved , and on that first empty net goal there was absolutely no fight left from the Panthers.
Not enough people are mentioning this, but Knoblauch taking a team from nearly last in the league to game 7 of the SCF is nothing short of a fairytale.   I'd be curious how many other coaches came into their first year in the league under similar circumstances only to coach them into the very last potential game for all the marbles. Unreal.
Флорида стала напоминать Вашингтон
of course they will make it 7 games, way too much money involved to let a team sweep another team, they would of lost so much money.
Когда в воротах Пантер это уё...ще легко быть великими.
Panthers are completely lost. Sad to see that team is playing so bad. Maybe it’s a good idea to swap Barkov out of line 1 with Tkatchuk!? Barkov is not playing well and he is the captain!!! Trainer is required to motivate the team. One more game. Anyway. Great comeback by the Oilers 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
I was there.....and let me tell you something. That atmosphere is UNBEATABLE. Something ill remember until the day I die. OIL COUNTRY BABY
Wow what a choke job by the Panthers. I think the Oilers are winning it on Monday.
Florida is worried
As a dyed-in-the-wool Leafs fan, I'm only here because I love Hyman and hate Florida. Let's go, Edmonton.
U N B E L I E V A B L E   The sauce pass by Draisytl on the second goal was about the most difficult pass to make. Incredible
🍿
Edmondone. See you in game 7.
Habs fan here. Let’s go Oilers! Bring the cup back to Canada! 🇨🇦
may the best team win 🤷🏻‍♂️😌👍🏻!!it is amazing how the panthers were up 3-0 and the oilers tie it all up 3-3 congrats the oilers are going to win the cup 4-3 overtime!!
What a series
classless scum oilers losing three games on purpose to give Panthers fans hope smh 🤫
Перехвалили Флориду.А Боб не так уж и хорош.
Literally every goal against Florida is a counter attack after a terrible mistake. Florida throws the final away
Let's go Oilers !!!
Как котят размотали. Сливают третью игру😮. Бобровский сломался?
The pressure the Panthers players must be feeling now, being one win away from immortality and seeing it all slip away from their grasp.
Вот так из неинтересной без интриги финал превратился в захватывающую семиматчевую драму...а Флорида уже по любому войдёт в историю...или как первый КС или первый супер камбэк в финале...седьмая игра это будет что-то...!
As an 80's MEGA Olier fan, a part of me does not want to see the current Oilers win this cup! I know, I know,  that is stupid of me but I just charrish that team so much and to see a new group of "kids" come along and possibly knock them off the thrown, I don't want to see that...LOL. Well, the Oilers certainly have played amazing in the last 3 games so if they do win, I guess I'll have to deal with it. However, this Oiler team is a Looong way to winning 4 cups in 5 years and McDavid is still no Gretzky even if he thinks wearing number 97 makes him that...LOl
Позор Флориде👎
This is all fake , no more real hockey, only $$$$ , 😢😢😢 How much money they will loose if Panthers won in first 4 games ?? Was 3:0 and  what happened 😂😂with 😂, fake all playoffs are just big money,
Что за пездец((((
I just want to see the Oilers win so I can watch the Liberals try to claim the Clout too… LMAO
❤
Tkachuk won’t let us choke this away, Panthers in 7.
Well i think you cant blame Bob for these goals, but Skinner hasn't lost a game 4-7 in the entire playoffs. Maybe if the frist Barkov goal would have counted, it could have been a differen story but so i think, the Oilers will win the Stanley Cup on Monday.
How are you Stars fans feeling?
Game 7 baby!
8:05! I feel it it brother!!! Let's win another for Gretzky! Let's give a bump 👊🏼 to these tenders, making some highlight reels tonight!
Oilers vs Barkov
holy crap, game 7 baby
Защита кошек очень высоко играет, отсюда провалы в обороне, 6-я игра а ошибки одни и те же. Большинство разучились использовать. Похоже на слив серии. Перегорели ребята по ходу.
Awesome!Great game, Great wake-up after the game 3#! I am so happy as a duet Gretzky - Kurri fan!
and I thought that the -17 predators choke was bad but this might just take the worst stanley cup choke ever
“Nothing has changed for us” Paul Maurice  For the first time in this series you are now facing elimination. For Oiler’s, it’s still games 4-6.
Бобровского в 4й игре менять надо было хотя бы после 4й-5й шайбы ..а так сломали ему игру и теперь он не похож на того кто первые 3 игры тащил..жаль
Если в 7 игре Флорида проиграет они становяться автоматически лузерами года. Убирая на своем пути такие команды Бостон , Торонто , Рейнджерс , и ведя в финале 3:0 и проиграть кубок это дорогого стоит
Imagine going three straight wins in the final to then lose three straight 🙄 Panthers aren't taking game 7, they have no momentum.
If you miss this game 7 you'd better be dead or in prison.  And if you're in prison break out!
nice script nhl
WHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO GO OILERS
Florida Will lose in game 7! I think it Will be 6-1
Тошно смотреть эти договорняки!
I told you it would be like this. All this is staged so that McDavid wins beautifully.
Honestly....I was rooting for the Panthers in this playoff final bcoz they lost year. However, after being up 3-0 and got dismantled by the oilers who came from behind and played with heart and believe deserves the cup. What a shame for the Florida boys, biggest choke ever! Regardless, even if Edm comes up short in game 7, they already are champions by forcing a game #7. May the better team win on Monday. I think most already know who will take the cup! ;)
Такое чувство, что Пантеры, после 3 игры перестали играть 🤔
Let's go Oilers!!! Cheers from Bulgaria!! Watched game 5 and 6, now i can't wait for the 7th!!
I don't even dare say this, but Oilers bout' to make Stanley Cup history... what an exciting time to be a Canadian who loves hockey!! Lets gooooo!!
Curse the Florida Panthers I hope they will never win a cup in a million years of their franchise and I hope that Sergei Bobrovsky might failed them as a goalie
What a game and what a comeback this has been!! It's only fitting that this team, which has dug itself out of holes all season long, now has a chance to complete the greatest comeback in 82 years of NHL hockey! One win away from a dream that I've held since childhood coming true!! I still can't believe this is real! What a game, what a season, what a team!! LET'S GO OILERS!!!! It all comes down to Monday night. Win that game, and we walk together forever
We are witnessing history!!!
Русских людей нельзя хвалить. «Гениальный вратарь», «феноменальная игра»… Вынимай. Боб, ты закончился. Про полевых вообще нечего говорить. Они просто забыли выйти на площадку
Couldn't write a better script
Game 7 will be the night of greatest triumph and greatest heartbreak for either team
Where’s all the cocky Panther fans now who was shouting it’s a sweep well I suppose it still could be a reverse sweep 🧹🤔😏game 7 u favour the home team slightly but not unheard of a road team winning a game 7 and Oilers are on fire in the last 3 games they totally dominated its like they flipped a switch they turned on and Panthers turned off might take Borobsky to go back to his previous heroics for Panthers to win their first Cup or it’s 3 defeats in finals, as a neutral I do love a game 7 though 😏
Ну что,эксперты,вы до сих пор считаете,что 4 игру Флорида спецом слила?🤣 Вот что будет,когда в голову прийдет подобная хрень и никто в нхл не будет так сильно рисковать(особенно в финале) Переломный момент/камбэк никто не отменял!
The contract, the show must go on
Все шансов нет у Флориды, нет потенциала . Выгорание !!
Oilers in 7 either way this has been an insane series only right it ends with a bang! Talk about a choke job Panthers
This final already is history
They’re gonna do it.
The best game 7th you'll ever seen on Monday ppl
Oh my gosh--can you imagine the pressure on the FL bench right now?? Lost three in a row? At least they get to play at home for the final.  But I'm actually rooting for Edmonton... LG Oilers!
Боб перестал тащить,да и оборона у кошек ни о чём!
This is one of those "For the ages" Stanley cup finals. Who ever loses on Monday it will be soul crushing and I gotta say I already feel sorry for the team that loses. Florida for being so close only to collapse or the Oilers for coming back from the grave only to come up one game short.   That said, Holy jumpin jesus what a series! This is what makes hockey so unbelievably awesome 😎😎😎😎
Ничего необычного,люди хотят зрелища,они его получат. Финал должен состоять из семи игр
Oilers win the Stanley Cup 🥤
Panthers, are you kidding me?
You see Austin 70 can make a difference, congrats to Zach Hymen + the Oilers for giving the Leafs a contact high!!
If the Oilers lose game 7 there will be no magic and no memory of the series.
What a game what a series brilliant Lets Fukn Go Oilers
You can't play hockey in Florida!!!
I should to say Oilers had better attack game in first three games as well as in last three. But they had bad luck at first and Florida had Bobr in firе. The bad luck finally had gone, as well as Bobr's fire, and we just see logic three last results
Panthers have been awful, excluding Barkov. He's been himself and plays with heart. I can't believe how uninterested the others seem to be. Of course Oilers have been much much better than us at the same time. If we keep playing like this, we don't deserve the cup.  I still believe in this team though. I think we are gonna come guns blazing in the next game. But no matter the result, I think McDavid deserves Conn Smythe more than anyone.
Insanity.
Смотрел последние два матча онлайн-впечатление такое,что Флориде запрещено выигрывать.Бобровский не может и в воротах играть,и в нападении.
Well, that’s it, Edmonton can soon be congratulated, and let Bobrovsky continue to win his Vezinas!
Ебать( Эдмонтон конечно молодцы, но Флорида на себя не похожа, как будто у них что то сломалось
If the Oilers win it all I'm showing my tits lol
Педики сука как они проебали я в полном ахуе
1 more game let's goo edmonton.
Don’t know what is wrong with Florida but if they bring their A game they are still winning the cup.
This is my first year ever fully watching  play off. What a time to be alive
По такой игре вообще не понятно как Флорида дошла до финала. Такое чувство что команда ждёт что Бобровский защитит ворота, отработает в защите, а потом побежит в нападение.
Panthers needs to win man ; there choking way too hard and its getting painful if they lose game 7. Come on panthers you got this ; do it for florida
А  что это было!? Снова пантеры слили чтоб дома кубок забрать? Боб, ты должен взять кубок.
Edmonton must play all 3 periods in game 7.  Last time efforts and the cup is yours. don't know if ever get a golden chance like this. Its the time to create a new history.
"The Panthers threw game four so they could win it all in Florida."
Едмонтон,ви неймовірні!!!Творіть історію,ви на це заслуговуєте!!!🇨🇦🇺🇦
What a comeback, on to game 7!
Да конечно, проиграть 3 игры как дети, что-то совсем ужасное. Никакой борьбы со стороны Флориды.
Stanley Cup decided in a best of 1 playoff.
перехвалили бобровского....обычный вратарь.  не волшебник
Bravo Hyman)) Goal #16!!😜😜 Let's go Oilers!!😇
Please go all the, Oilers! The cup belongs in Canada.
Wow! Just wow!
We're going to say "We Went Oilers" after Monday. Plan accordingly, Edmonton.
Кошки хотят дома победить , на своей арене !)  И победят!!!
Them oilers just might have it in them
Эдмонтон 👍
Let’s go Oilers Canada is behind you!
unbelievable 🎉 let's go oilers
Бобровского очень жаль, он как резиновый старается один, а команда нет 🚫
ну это пи-дец, Пантеры сами виноваты, привезли себе проблемы на ровном месте
Snoop Dogg predicted it
💯
Я всегда писал : " Стенли будет у Эдмонтона"   И - "Эдмонтон возьмёт Стенли ".  Это я писал даже при счёте игр 3 : 0 в пользу драных кошек .  Эдмонтон дави кошек !
Твою мать,,чо сглазили пантер
From 0:3 to 4:3?😮
Well OILED and fine tuned.  The McD Team Machine running smoothly.  Grease it up Boys, POUND Panthers one more time and bring Stanley home to Canada where he belongs!
Видимо Флорида все. Явное игровое преимущество в течение недели полностью перешло к нефти. Это и скорость и агрессия и точность бросков. Сегодня Боб сыграл неплохо, но при таком пассиве в поле на что-то рассчитывать невозможно. Лишь отдельные всплески. Рано пантеры поверили в победу и вот результат. Теперь Флориду может спасти только чудо
Good God Oilers make it happen, what a comeback, against such a good team
Наверное даже не любителям хоккея интересно, чем все закончися
What a bizarre series! Wouldn't be surprised if Florida won game  3 - 0 🤷‍♂️
Маркетинг ни кто не отменял, завершающую выиграет Флорида.
Game 7 for all the marbles
Panthers are only losing these games, to hoist the cup in game 7 on home ice 😂
Omg how can Panthers be so afraid of winning ..
FLA =  CLOWNS 🤣
Let’s break that 32 year Stanley cup championship drought and bring it back to Canada finally. Coming from a Habs fan 😅😂 Gary Bettman needs to be reminded that Canadians can throw a heck of a party too.
now you may congratulate Oilers with the cup
Нефтянники почувствовали вкус дизеля-походу пантерам всё...
Yikes! Florida on't get reverse sweeped, I want to see McJesus crying and losing
It's not done yet for Florida.... If they win, many hockey fans will still be happy win the Panthers getting their first Cup!
It's unbelievable final games. I thought Florida lost the fourth game, without much struggle, just because they wanted to celebrate the victory in their city in the fifths game. But Edmonton keeps winning 3 games in a row.
I don't get the hype, in less than 12 months it will be done all over again and it till likely be someone else that win.
The 8-1 rout plus this game proved undboutbly that FL up 3-0 was fortunate. Game 1 and game 3 Oilers did play well but the bounces werent there. Not taking any credit away from Florida , they were amazing team to get to here.....but Oilers cudve easily won this series by now .
most beautiful sound in the world at 3:21
the 30 for 30 writes itself....30 year drought for Canada 30 years as a franchises for Florida..
OILERS GREATEST COMEBACK OF ALL-TIME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
All the way Oiler ,Cheers from BC
10:34 2nd period Skinner makes the save of the games ....LETS GO OILERS..lets go...LETS GO OILERS..lets go.
Go oilers ‼️‼️‼️ Guys, do it🙏🙏🙏
Это какой то позор
As a Canucks fan, people have doubted the oilers, even their own fans. Oilers and Skinner are truly the comeback kids
Slava Ukraini.
Видимо фарт пантер закончился жаль Бобровского,но кубок заслужили ойлерз!!!
пздц
Yeah !!👍
Флорида бздуны финалов, прошлогодний финал показал тоже самое, обосранные памперсы с Бобом во главе Скинер то получается получше будет И главная проблема Флориды что они бьют по воротам лишь бы лупануть и все попадает в вратаря, а если бы разыгрывали и раздергивали  комбинациями то был бы другой результат Жаль но их сраный натиск не приносит ни каких результатов просто беготня, команла сломалась, и тренерский штаб не знает как изменить ситуацию
Позорники
Are they going back to Florida or staying in Edmonton?
bob with a .750 save percentage over the last 3 games. someone check on paul maurice’s faith
That's got some 28-3 vibes to it. Florida is cooked
who is Sergej Bobrovsky, I don't know this man
Wild fan here: from 2-9-1 start to the season & being written off, to now on the verge of the greatest comeback EVER - is absolutely mind blowing. I truly didn't want this series to end. Thank you hockey Gods 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
Terrifying defending
Seansation oilers let s go 😂
This is one hell of a storyline
Флориде что-то надо менять,проигрывают не по игре,а тактически
This is insane!!! Go Oilers!!
8:1 и 5:1 это говорит о том что Флориде  конец, и Боб сдулся, и в их рядах паника, Вот что значит дать слабину и спустить матч №4, типа дома завоюем кубок, а хрен там не куй было гордыней упиваться после 0:3
“PaNtHeRs In 5” “We LoSt GaMe 5 So We CaN wIn At HoMe”  What other excuses can you clowns come up with
НХЛ хочет получить все деньги от финальной серии. поэтому мы видим это представление. The NHL wants all the money from the final series. that's why we see this performance.
Ппц флорида сдает позиции
Вот тебе и Эдмонтон. Хотя может договорные
Last time a team won Sir Stanley after being down 3-0 was back in 1942 when Maple Leafs won 4-3 after being down 3-0.  If google are correct tht is on this matter
Флорида ну вы пиздец конечно, нет просто слов...  Если вы проиграете серию, вы лохи и позорище на 100 лет вперёд!!
У меня просто нет слов...
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hey, if anyone is interested, a friend of mine bought a ticket option for game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final without realizing the date coincided with his own wedding date.  If you know of anyone who is free and wants to go in his place, it's at St. George's Church, New York on 24 June and the bride‘s name is Charlotte.
I don't understand how Florida could start playing so bad. Even Bobrovsky!
Who else can't sleep this weekend
Wow!
Offside call was BS. Huge momentum killer.
June 17, 2006: Seven games coming up... for the Stanley Cup... Monday night! -Bob Cole June 21, 2024 Seven games coming up... for the Stanley Cup... Monday night! Rest In Peace Bob Cole
as a ducks fan, thanks for taking care of rico, carrick and perry edmonton. best of luck to you guys
Флорида никакая играет 1 бобёр
вот это блядь камбэк, что с флоридой
McDavid took the day off to prepare for game 7! Release the beast!!!
This is something else, go oilers one more step
Now the momentum is on the Oilers' side. Yet in Florida Panthers will definitely give their all.
Magnificent comeback
Флорида такие лохи, такое преимущество просто прое. Ать
What if McDavid shows up on Monday?
Oh boy. That oilers team is insane. For ben boys!!
We’re getting a Game 7 in the most chaotic way possible. A team that was up 3-0 just choked the series lead and a team that came back from down 3-0 can possible blow it in Game 7. ALL THE PRESSURE HAS BEEN APPLIED IN THIS SERIES NOW!!!
позрор
Canadian teams have a proud tradition of blowing game 7s. So excuse me if I am a bit wary
Go Oilers🇨🇦 Go. Fan of Edmonton Oilers and Ottawa Senators. Time for Edmonton Oilers to win the Stanley Cup.
Лохи
Never Give Up  Never Surrender
wow ..... what is going on .....   just wow
LETS GO OILERS!!!🎉🎉🎉
Where are the guys screeming "sweep" or "dallas or colorado would deserve to be more in the finals"?
incredible, big respect for Edmonton from 0:3 turn to 3:3 wow🐐😎🔥 respect from Slovakia🇸🇰✊🏻
Calm down Florida kill the fairy tales and dancing on the beaches! It's enough now!😅
As a Lightning fan, I 100% support this.  Never, should the cats have a cup.
Второй сезон продают кубок
Мда😮
very good
Скажу по русски. Это не команда. Это кончинные презервативы
Вот это да ! Шок ! С 0:3 в 3:3
Thanks Oilers for boosting Canada’s restaurant and bar economy by not finishing them by 4:0 but by 4:3  🥰
Трудяги. Заслужили !
Bob who?
Paul Maurice..... the Stanley Cup Cialis posterboy.  wah wah wah... impotent as fuggg (in from winnipeg btw... maurice this is Karma for u leaving Winnnipeg due to chronic limber tail mid season)
I am  an Oilers fan, but, from fan to fan...Your team is in the finals and that should give you every reason to be proud of them. Both teams earned that spot and only one can win...that doesn't make the other team a bad team.
На хуй эту флориду, кроме Бобровского там кубок никому не нужен похоже!
Now the oilers have to contend with the Florida ice
And after Game 7: "Weeee are the Champions, my Friend, and we'll keep on fighting to the end" "We are the Champions, WE ARE THE CHAMPIONS, no time for losers cause we are the Champions..... Of the World"
THE ONE BLACK GUY IN THE STANDS
Жара
А вот теперь господа, может произойти все  что угодно, как говорил Юрий Розанов...! Если Коты влетят и в 4й раз, то это будет велий обсёр века!  Я думаю, что Флорида после 3го матча, уже ощущала в руках КС, поэтому с барского плеча слила 4й! И все верили в 5ю игру, но после, пошли сомнения, а уж после 6й, в Канаде стали подумывать. А не поставить ли памятник макДевиду 🤔  Долгий сериал, это всегда огонь🔥, но если только по итогу, выигрывает та команда, за которую ты болел..😮
you guys are awesome, your 2 superfans are gonna be so happy wgen you send florida home empty handed. Play La Bamba Baby
Получите,распишитесь епта
GOOO CAT'S
There we go babies.
Pussycats! Pussycats! Pussycats! 😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Скиннер лошара - говорили они....
Wild
Can’t believe it’s going to game 7, this would be at least the closest if not the first time a team came all the way back to win a series down a 3-0 deficit since the LA Kings over the SJ Sharks in April 2014!
Бай бай Флорида😂
Who really knew that we will have game 7? Unbelievable   Its time know, who's WHO
Браво нефтяники,остался один шаг до заветной мечты,вы творите историю💪
Thats unbelievable! LETS GO BABY! ONE MORE FOR THE REVERSE 🧹! Greetings from Germany 🇩🇪 LETS HO OILERS 💙🧡
Статистика голов до финала показывала, что масляные много забивают и неплохо обороняются. Они же как-то прошли три другие команды? В финале они не сразу нашли ключи к обороне котят. Теперь удача поможет лишь одной из команд.
There are currently 13 Canadian-born players listed on the Panthers' roster. Rigged!
I don't understand Florida's logic, Edmonton scores an empty net, yet Florida didn't put the goalie back in, are they asleep at the wheel?
Florida is toast
As a Panthers fan this is reminding me of last year where Vegas was clearly better.  Edmonton is clearly better now.  Florida still lacks discipline (albeit not as bad as last year) and they are mentally weak.  They are cursed with only being able to win the East.  The only possible redemption they can achieve is if they destroy the Oilers on Monday and if they keep playing the way they have that is not going to happen.  They will have to play perfect just to keep the game close and the Oilers still could win because a light switch got flipped in terms of their ability.  Neither team is even remotely the same from the first couple games.
Wild series🎉 Gary B must be thrilled. Game 7 will be quite a battle. They will be firing on all cylinders.
I’m so happy this is going to game 7. I’m a Canucks fan too.
for us who bet for Oilers in 7 after game 3 with 10 points for McDavid thic could be a real jackpot.
🙏
What a time for Bob to revert back to ass
Good job go oilers
Where’s the P.K Subban’s "It’s done like a dinner..” after game three?
Not a huge hockey fan but this is awesome.
Верю в ребят . Нефтяники в перед !!!!!
Где Бобровский
And Swedens "experts" on Newspaper Aftonhoran talk about a sweep hehe!😮
LFG Oilers!!! From Germany with ❤️ 🇩🇪🇨🇦
henrique at 3:14 is crazy iq
Cap - полное дерьмо. Как и всё почти у них, потому что - бизнес !
best two words in sports: GAME 7!
Понятно. Проебали..
Wowsers
Где вся команда Пантерс,  на льду Барков и Бобровский, остальные расслабились
How many people are not fans of either team, yet they are rooting for the 3-0 comeback just to see it?  I know I am.  My Red Sox did it in 2004 to the yankees and let me tell you it was well worth loosing the first three games to see the yankee fans get more and more on edge with every one of the four straight Sox victories.  Panthers are now facing there fourth consecutive game where a win would claim the Cup. And the Oilers said "no dice" every time so far.  Let's see can they do it one more time.
Panthers must be absolutely shitting their pants at this point.
Интрига
Если пантеры не очнутся, то Кубка им не видать...
Bobvrosky aka Titanic 2.0 😬
It's hottttt
Oilers in 7 I knew this was going to happen to the cats at some point, the second Cup in a row going down the toilet😅
Worst scoring ever seen on playoffs
im gonna cry
How about that disallowed goal 🥅 @Floridapanthers?
Florida what the ****
Panthers in 4. I mean 5. I mean 6. Actually I mean 7 😂
Imagine being sooo dumb you actually believed the panthers lost game 4 on purpose to win at home 😂
Idiots. You just blew it florida
They really about to do a history
Edmonton is going to bring the cup back the Canada  LET'S GO OILERS ! ! !
hockey is such a boring sport 🤣
Mc/David.s is REAL
Расслабили булки 3- 0 ведем,надо играть,а не дурака валять!!! Бобровский не потянул,все надо менять вратаря,как обычно что на Чм в решающих матчах наши почему-то плывут!!
42 24 finnish it edm
Нефтяники супер!отыграться с трёх ноль!если ещё и кубок возьмут!!!👍👍👍😁😁😁
Охуеть
Go Edmonton gooooooooo
Even if Edmonton doesn't win this series, this is one of the biggest chokes I've seen a while. You can say game 4 was just one of those bad nights that happens. You can say game 5 was just McDavid becoming a demigod. But game 6 was where Florida needed to end this series. All that depth, defense and goaltending is now rolling around the toilet bowl about to get flushed by Edmonton's offense. I honestly didn't think the Oilers had a chance after game 3, but they once again have proven their doubters wrong.
Game 5 I got excited. Now I am excited and hopeful.   People are saying that panthers should win as they have never before. But the franchise was created in 1993. It’s been since 1993 since any Canadian team has won. Cmon Edmonton you haven’t lifted that trophy since before the panthers existed. Do it for Canada.
Edmontonian here. Goalie had an assist. Didn’t think that’d happen.
Edmonton deserves to finally go all the way. Wishing all the best to them. They’ve shown everything you’d want your team to show and get rewarded.
"Florida let Edmonton win three in a row so they can win the cup at home in game 7. " ~ Florida Man
This reminds me of this years Bruins Leafs series. 3-0 then a 3-3 comeback with all the momentum….. Verhaeghe OT winner game 7 haha.
Great game!
Кураж - великое дело. Особенно, когда его поймать.
Florida‘s got their pants full of poop now
You gotta love it ! True hockey spirit
Awesome grit, Edmonton! Way to keep it interesting.
One more win for Edmonton. That's all I ask.
Коты всегда играют с мышами,перед тем как съесть!
Что случилось с Флоридой?!
The team with the most canadians always wins in recent history. Fact check that😂
Zack Hample lives.
A great series and no matter what happens in Game 7, conspiracy theorists will say it was scripted.
imagine if i placed a 100 $ bet on the oilers at the beginning of the season? crazy huh? Good Job nhl
Хороший спектакль 😅Флорида закроет серию 😂
Just ONE to go!
Убирайте Бобровского из ворот, он сдулся.... С ним последнюю игру подлетите... Ну и в целом, если будете фигурным катанием заниматься, а не играть в хоккей. Флорида-просто позор! 👎👎👎
There are some super nervous floridians now. Sweet!!!
I'm from Russia. I'm rooting for cats. Maybe someone can tell me what's going on??????
😊
Panthers we are losers 😂 3:0 -> 3:4 thank you ❤😂
🗣️сука 🤦‍♂️да лучше бы они "Пантеры" дотронулись🤷‍♂️ до кубка 🏆!!!
What an awesome game. On to game 7 and a chance to make history. Go oilers!
Всё, пантеры сдулись. Ойлерс возьмет кубок.
Wouldn't have mattered, but from the replays here that waved off Florida goal was good and I want the oilers to win.
Go Oilers! 😃
If Oilers win game 7, this will be the perfect case study that demonstrate the power of mental aspect of high performance.
Oilers sensationell in the Final
Флорида похоже готовится обосраться второй год подряд в финале... Вести 3:0 в серии и тупо перестать играть... 😱С такой игрой, установят новый антирекорд...
Are we about to witness the biggest choke/comeback in NHL history?! 😂
I honestly thought the Panthers would have sealed the deal in four. Now I find myself cheering for the Oilers.
Просто очень сильная духом команда 👍👍👍
absolute legendary already, can't wait for game 7
Suck it Florida! Come on Oilers the Ducks have disappointed me for years and years and years and years. Get that Cup!! Boob Flash Girl got a Playboy gig. Come on!!
The look on Florida face and Zito said it all. 😅 Amazing what a locker room is like when you pull out A Kane, PLD., Subban or Laine
I'm all for the Cup returning to Canada, but like other pro sports (NFL, NBA, MLB), the longer the series, the more league revenue, cha-ching. Win it, Oilers!
Я верил в Эдмонтон ещё до счёта 0:3 в серии!
Remember that time Florida fans were getting on their knees to take Sergei's lil Bobby?  "Hes a lock for the Conn Smythe!"  "Thats what happens when you get an Elite goalie vs and Average goalie"   😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 How the turn tables
Какой кубок этим ущербным с Флориды выигрывать 3-0 и сделать 3-3 это амёбы пусть эдмонтон лучше возьмёт хотя болею за Флориду
I knew it. The kitties are mentally done.
LETS GO OILERS 🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁LETS GO OILERS 🥁🥁🥁🥁🥁
Hey Tkachoke we always knew it would be Edmonton!!
Эдмонтон лучший 🎉
GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Oilers!!!!!!!!!!
Обосрались пантеры.😊😊
Whatta' game, eh?..tha' Oils put tha' biscuit in tha' basket for game 7..so, gimme a coupla' 3 Guinness, barkeep!
Best fans in the league
Forward oil workers, to the great VICTORY!!!💪
What are The Panthers doing? Looks like they wanna lose two final in a row. They had The Oilers right where they wanted them. 🤦‍♂️
Legendary comeback
Hilarious
А Скиннер оказался лучше Бобповского и этот факт нкжно признать.Эдмонтон дожмет Флориду и щаберет кубок в ностях...вангую.😊
Bob fell off his bike
Guys they just want to win at home
Команда как мороженная камбала, нет спортивной злости... Ну ничего, тем лучше
History and choke or Clutch and cup drought for Canada?
Нефтььььььь
Флориду как-будто, подменили после 3-0 в серии, неужели договорняк?!!
Florida is chumps
Такое чувство что Ойлерс парвые три игры дурака валяли.
What an absolute masterclass of a game, hopefully they keep up the momentum and get the job done in game 7.
The pathetic panthers had 3 games to win it.....they couldn't do it, they have no energy, no faith & no will to win. The Oiler on the other hand do ! Oilers in 7 !
From the beginning of the third period, cuts straight to 3 minutes with the goalie pulled.  Sportsnet is absolutely the worst at editing highlights.
3 раз подряд проиграл флорида позор
Ну и ЧЁ???? Кто там превознес Боба до небес? Наверно сейчас там сидишь и дрочишь.Эдмонтон возьмёт кубок и Флорида обосрется второй раз подряд.3:0 в серии вели и так обложаться...фуууу....😂😂😂
Что то они совсем сдулись , а так хорошо начали. Очень жаль парней так хорошо играют.
Пантеры только вперёд вы должны взять 7 игру второй се проиграть в финале нельзя!!!! Go Go Go!!!! 💥💥💥
I think the Oilers have figured out the Florida Panthers goalie Bobrovsky. After the Panthers blew a 3-0 deficit I believe the Oilers can win a game 7. And I believe this will be the best comeback dunk the 1942 Toronto Maple Leafs. Lets go Oilers....
3,400km between the arena and the bar I was at screaming and excited on every goal. Thats a distance of UK to sahara desert
The Panthers have set themselves up to  be the biggest chokers in Stanley Cup History. Remember when the Florida fans said that 8-1 pumping didn't matter, the Panthers haven't been the same team since. Bob has turned back into a pumpkin, and Skinner has turned into a Vezina caliber goalie.
Oh boy that was delicious, thanks for both teams.❤
Wow... This is wild!
Regardless who wins game 7, the wrong person is getting the Conn Smythe because there's no way to give it to the Oiler's penalty killers as a unit.  That's what's gotten Edmonton into the finals, and that's what got them back into the series.  I'd argue Janmark and Brown have both been more important overall than McDavid these three games.  If McDavid lights up the Panthers again, or Bob pitches a shutout, that's likely who gets it though.
Are the Oilers going to get to Florida for #7 before Bettman has the border shut down? Legitimately concerned.
это пиздец, товарищи
ну пантеры лошье 21 века. вести 3-0 в серии, и соснуть 3-4, надо уметь. ахахаха
It's More pain to Oilers to lose IT now in seven 😂
Бобер,ППЦ ...😮
Даже не смотрел как узнал счёт.но что то не то У пантер
Писец подкрался незаметно Удача закончилась Встречай Канада кубок со слезами на глазах Наконец то гегемония америкосов прервалась Следующая победы, как минимум лет 10  будете ждать
Come on guys, that's is a historical moments. Sorry for Bob and Barkov but Edmonton needs it more.
😻😻😻В 7 матче кошки победят!!!
Самим не противно команда второй финал отдаёте где ваше я первые три игры кайф а не игра куда че делось собирайтесь у многих больше ни будет шанса свою фамилию увековечить Россия встряхните команду великий могучий вам в помощь
The oliers are neutering the cats in this series 🙀✂️🍒
Here comes the comeback kids
Пантеры пантера мда, позорники
It seems like the Panthers may never touch lord stanly at all.
NHL is so rigged.
we're watching NHL history in the making
What happen to the Panthers? This shows that Bob was reason for the 3-0. When Oilers figured out Bob, all their game plans just fell into place.
Молодцы канадцы !!! Вот это командный дух !! Надрали жопы пиндосам !!! Тяжело Бобу одному играть!! У пантер играют двое Барков и Бобровский, остальные вышли для присутствия!
Wenn eine Mannschaft diesen Cup verdient hat, dann die Oilers!!!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Эдмонтон, красавчики.
Looks like Florida finally got our number, They completely shut down our PK team. Not a single shorthanded goal.
After the 3rd game, the Cats were sure that they had already won the Stanley Cup, after the 5th game, the Cats players still do not believe that they can lose it.
Imagine if Florida loses: 1. They'll have lost in the finals two years in a row 2. They'll have actually blown a 3-0 lead 3. They'll be the first hockey team to lose to a Canadian team in finals since 1993 4. They'll have lost to the perennial loser in the Stanley Cup Finals, Corey Perry Oh, Florida....you better win game 7 or you'll have gone from giving us one of the biggest memes with Boston last year, to becoming one of the biggest memes😂
Ляяяя, что творят канадцы Это просто разъебалово
Best way to maximize the profit by dragging it to game 7, all the fans are true idiots lol
panthers wins anyway
gettin spicy!
Hope never die with Mc Jesus .
😳❗️😬❗️🤐❗️🍀🏆🍀.  Хорошое кино 😵‍💫👍❗️
Im Colorado...... Avs fan born and raised....... but I want to see Canada get one....... lets go Edmonton!!!!!
Я уже после 5матча понял что кубок возьмут Эдмонтон,к сожалению
Patners are a shame, with such a game you are not worthy of the cup
Ахринеть🎉
Can't believe we are about to see a reverse sweep in the stanley cup finals since 1942 and a canadian team to do it as well.  Oilers fans are going to be insufferable lol
Will be a manic Monday.
What a game 🙌
To the coach of the Oilers, please bring the Stanley Cup back to the motherland of the game of ice hockey. You can do this by playing a pass!!!
Canadians yearn for the cup <3
"I Think It's A Great Challenge To Do It When People Tell You , You can't Do Something"... [Genn Sather]   😎
If the oilers win they will be only the 2nd team in NHL history since the 1943 maple leafs to come back from a 3-0 deficit to win the cup.
Пантеры просто Долбоебы, такое преимущество проебать 3-0 я с вас Хуею…….!!!👎👎👎😂😂😂 ДОЛБОЕБЫ………………………….
Paulie better juggle up them lines in time for Monday…let’s go! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Panthers intentionally lost this game so they can win the cup at home
Как только начали отдавать Бобровскому везину, Флорида сразу поплыла. Вперёд Эдмонтон, с 0-3 отыгрались.
Это просто п.. ц ,вы что творите то Флорида позорище так про е...ь финал
3-0 series lead—and they let it slip…seriously WTAF??? 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻🐆
Куда делись пантеры? Их оборону просто разносят и в атаке минимум голов. Кажется если флорида что-то кардинально не поменяет в последнем матче то им каюк
looks fake. scripted for sure
Connor McDavid is giving meaning to the term "generational talent."
Haven't watch hockey in 30 odd years but I watched because it's a Canadian team! Go Oilers!
Does anyone know where i can stream these finals? I used to be able to find one on Twitter but not anymore.
Пантеры ну очень расслабились.😊
What happened to the brick wall in the Panthers net?  🤔       😂
Listen :this is just a bet companies business! First games was not more than 4-5 total, than apposite.. Etc.. Now all are betting on Canadian team, but will win FLORIDA.
Oilers coup yeah
Holy cow! Those Edmonton fans are something else. They are the wave the Oilers are riding.
Flames fan..rooting for the Oilers..never taught this day would come..let's go Oilers? Lol
You KNOW McDavid is going to go absolutely apeshit in game seven.
The only thing thag could make this Cup any better? Having these two teams face each other again in 2025's finale, in Game 7.
The Falcons losing Superbowl 51 with a 28-3 lead will be topped if the Panthers lose game 7
Флорида позорищн!Нет слов!!!😭😭😭
Don't let meaningless sports games distract you people from the fact that we are getting closer and closer to WW3.
No team can stop the Oilers now. Game 7 is ours , go Oilers go!
Panthers in 7
Really have to admit that I didn´t believe we´ll see a game 7 after the first three. Well done Oilers. Now for that silver ware!
Что творится с Флоридой ?
Руководство НХЛ решило максимально собрать денег, запретило Флориде выигрывать четвертую игру, заставило Боба пропускать шайбы. Игроки Флориды ведь не роботы, здесь играй, а здесь не играй! Подарок кубка Стенли Эдмонтону ! Пользуйся Мак Дэвид!
WHAT  no Leaf Jerseys   that would be me the only on in the stands  wearing a Leafs Jersy    ^5
I’m lost for words and beyond embarrassed. Hopefully the cats win this and everyone will walk away from this season. We weren’t there offensively and defensively so hopefully they can start better in game 7. For Oilers fans, I get it y’all won 3 games straight forcing a game 7 but we ain’t done. Anyway, ima try to have a relaxing weekend and not worry about the Cats.
LFGGGGGG EDM BABBYY
Stay humble Edmonton and get that cup <3
Florida after game 4 and 5 - "how do we shut down McDavid?" Bobrovsky - 😯😳 Florida after game 6 - "we completely shut down McDavid but how do we shut down the rest of the team?" Bobrovsky - 😲😳
That ice rink was oily, these oilers are doing their oily job
Отлично! Будет 7 матч! Серёга они думают, что ты сломлен? Хрен им!!!!!
For all those saying this is rigged because of Bettman or market money you're just insane... these are men fighting for their lives out there on the ice and a game 7 will determine fates... not any corporate shills... pressure is on equal footing now...
Хахаха. Как продули )))
Слабохарактерный данные коты вы не заслужили кубок
Уверен что Эдмонтон чемпион, как бы этого не хотелось
Україна за Эдмонтон! THIS IS INCREDIBLE
Собраться нужно игрокам Пантерз на седьмую игру, но видимо уже поздно, покатился нефтяной каток
какой к херам эдмонтон???  Всё по заранее проданному сценарию. Дальше смотреть не вижу смысла...
Пипец где оборона Флориды... ужас.... просто в два или один ноль убивают и атакуют вороторя Эдмонтон..
All the Russian fan boys are punching the air right now its okay still got a game 7 😃
Мда уж.
Edmonton rocking rn
Roots for oilers as a jets fan:) Bring the cup back to Canada plz.
Ну пздц
As a habs fan, I have to support Oilers. cause we're on the same team : Canada. You guys cheered for us during our 2021 run, so we gonna pray and hope Oilers win this one for Canada. Lets go Edmonton
Что, бл.., происходит???!!!!!
go oilers go
Panthers gotta change something. Granted I dont expect them to win, its the Panthers, they have never and will never win.
G7 gonna bet lit
Oiler's have an awesome new mascot, and that has raised the bar to epic proportions......Kait.
Fantastic!
Go back to the video for game 3.... I commented Oilers in 7.....
Это пи*дец.....
I've been watching hockey for 35 years and i dont think I've seen this kind of comeback ever .The Montréal series in 2021 was great but this is insane.
its all about the neutral zone and how Edmonton breaks out with pace so Florida and forecheck them or trap them  and I though Edmonton was the better team in games 1-3 and lost
What a comeback from 3-1 may the best team win 🏆 🎉
It’s over. Wow
Mcdavid is gonna go off in game 7.
Если Кубок Стэнли всё-таки выиграет "Эдмон", "Флориду" нужно будет разогнать и тренерский штаб, и игроков. От такого поражения (с учётом ещё и прошлого сезона) команда не отойдёт никогда.
Только Нефтяник и только вперед😂
Oilers will loose game 7 . Usually that’s what happens
I thought this series was over a while back...insane comeback to force a Game 7!!
SCREW FLORIDA
По сути команды сыграют по по-настоящему своего 1 игру , это игра 7
Flames fan here I hate everything and everyone in this series but just to spite former players … oilers lose loool
😅😅😅😅 hahaha , florida will lose again. Back to back years !  Canada thought we were done  , but we that good we have forced a 7th game and its beautiful ❤
LETS GO OILERS
😂😂 бред какой.... НХЛ давит свои интересы на трансляцию всех 7 игр.... вести в серии 3:0 и просто давать ойлерам делать что угодно в остальных 3х играх.... ну ну....сраное шоу НХЛ...
Ясно. Всё куплено.
Florida trying to play the worst defense in Stanley Cup History.  How many times do you have to turn over the puck in the neutral zone before you figure it out.
Coming from a lifetime WIld fan, I picked the Panthers to win for no apparent reason. Now I am going to be sad if the oilers loose game 7. They have been playing amazing these last 3 games.   I have since changed my mind and hope that the oilers can pull this off.  What an amazing story and part of history to potentially see the first reverse sweep since 1942 and a Canadian team win the cup for the first time in 31 years.
Oilers GOTTA be vicious at CLEARING THE PUCK OUT OF THEIR END, in game 7! And make good ferggin passes and handle the puck well! Those things have got to be sharper to get to lift the cup!!!
What's even more insane is that this season from the start itself has been a comeback for the Oilers. Having one of the worst records in the league to start, firing Woodcroft, replacing with Knoblauch, going on a tear and then having a mini losing streak (repeated twice) and then the Oilers just surge and dominate their way to the final. Down 3-0 to start the series, Edmonton has been doing what they have been fufilling all season: fighting back. Do it for one more game Oilers! Do it for greatness! Do it for memes! Do it for immortality!
Я помню времена,Модано,Айзермана,Шенахана,Лемье,Фодорова,а какие вратари...Вернон,Бродо,Руа,Гашек,но я не помню таких результатов 8-1,5-1, в решающих играх,да и вообще тем хоккей был на высшем уровне,как вообще так можно бездарно и безалаберно относиться к играм или тренер не соответствует уровню не может настроить команду и спад сейчас вообще не вовремя,после 1 периода соотношение бросков 10-2,флорида,вы спите что ли там? в начале игры
Предыдущие 3 игры Флориды не было на льду. И ведь нельзя сказать, что Бобровский как-то сильно не выручил. Просто надо забивать, и при этом не устраивать проходной двор в обороне.
Wow, that was epic by the Oil.
До сих пор не могу понять : 1-8   что это было??  Спецоперация?  До сих пор болел за "пантер", но надо отдать должное "мазутикам": они имеют полное право обладать Кубком
Oilers PK not very good tonight……they didn’t score…lol
На Уй такие сломленые и не интересные пантеры, без воли к победе. Аж бесят! Эдмонтон на порядок сильнее выглядят. Может это какой сговор игроков? Бобра не защищают, по воротам не бьют!!! Ладно тотализатор не ставлю😊
Я буду вахуе если и четвёртую проиграют, на боба всё бросили, осталось ему и голы ещё забивать мудаки
About time the tie it
WOILERS!!!!!!!!!!
What happened to Bob ?
As an Oiler fan, I don't think the offside was clear enough to overturn that goal.
I BELIEVE. GO OILERS!!!👍👍👍👍
This is a finals… not like the nba, thing was not even competitive
Excellent game Edmonton Oilers
Флориде КРЫШКА
But Florida lost so that they could win the Cup at home right?
Это бизнес, каждый год одно и тоже, одна команда выигрывает деклассирует соперника, а потом чудесным образом  сливает несколько игр,ну придумайте что-нибудь новое там 4.0 😅
Опять слили, чтобы дома кубок взять )))
Я из комментов ребята, так и не понял ,-кто кому фору пообещал!? Финал, то достойных!!!! Супер!!!
McDavid needs to step up? 😂 Game 7 here we come
Can we get neutral announcers? Every single time I know who wins by the announcer you all show in the highlights. If they are praising the one team the whole time it makes it obvious. Do better.
Easy win by the Oil in game 7. Florida hasn't even attempted to make a single adjustment. They have doubled down on their own stupidity. Its one thing to have an aggressive style of play. It's another thing entirely when you throw out any defensive wisdom and have all 5 guys pinching the opposing team blue line. Like, how many breakaways/partial breakaways, 2 on 1s, 3 on 1s do you have to give up before you realize you're doing something wrong? 20? 30? That much eh? Pure stupidity.
Wow. Inject the dirtiest team in hockey loaing 3 straight into my veins.
IF Oilers win on Monday, this will be the biggest chokejob in the history of chokes. Florida will never recover from the embarrassment.
Go Oilers Go!... Bring it Home baby!
Хороший договорник кф был заоблачный
Edmonton cocky fans in 5 4 3 2 1........
Whatever happens. Win or Lose. This has been the greatest Ride ever. And I've seen every oiler cup win, and I've seen Roloson taken out by  Bergeron with 6 min left in a 4-4 tie with our back up being Ty Conklin. Watched Smith Put the puck in his own net off the back of Fuhr's leg. Remember when we finally beat the stars with cujo and it felt like we won the cup! Lots of memorable cup runs good and bad, but never been on a ride like this. This is special.
First time ive ever watched hockey, i was impressed
The Yankees must be pissed again!!!  Lets go Oilers. Canadian nationalism..
I work 10+hr days of heavy landscaping starting at 6am up at 5am and if you think I'm not watching all of Monday nights game and watching oilers winning after game show I've got a bridge to sell you. Been waiting since I was 14~ish to see Canada win again. This is one of the greatest Canadian Stanley cup series ever! And yes I will go to work Tuesday.
I vote of course for the Oilers but they will not be able to give themselves a chance of winning the seventh game if they constantly give the puck to the Panthers the way they did it in the 3rd period. The enemy constantly had the puck! I understand that the hockey Gods favor our favorite Albertans but we must not play with fire either. Waiting for the Panthers to make mistakes doesn't seem like the best strategy even if, obviously, it worked.
This is where the Panthers begins to shake their heads and say how did it come to this!? Oilers just keep pouring it on because the Panthers were cocky and doubted the Oilers to be a threat. Oilers... "Let me show you what we got!"  OUCH! Reality hurts! Go Oilers Go!
😂😂😂 I can’t believe Florida panthers blew the 3-0 lead
Hell, yeah!
Destiny is still calling
Bobrovsky is supposed to outplay Skinner I thought. My mistake. GO OILERS GO!!!!
Goooo Edmonton 💪
An interesting game 7 awaits.
The Oilers started the season at 3-9 and then 5-12-1 and the coach was then fired. With the new coach they almost caught the Canucks for the division lead. Then faced elimination twice against the Canucks and three, going to be four times against the Panthers. If they win game seven then this will be the comeback story for the ages
Одни и те же ошибки у защитников Флориды последние две игры. Беззубо и тупо в нападении. Эх Морис Морис. Его воробейшество тебя покусал что ли? Жаль 😞
Nice work, Oilers.  Now, I want you guys to go Sun Rise Monday night, finish off the kitty cats, hoist the cup, and drive their very eccentric head coach straight into therapy.
Goosebumps...
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, THE CUP FINALS ARE GOING TO 7! The Cup WILL be awarded on Monday night!
Either way, fook Canada. Meh on Florida, too. They deserve each other.
From edmonton always supprting my team
Защита дырявая  просто у пантер
Oilers will bring home Stanley Cup Panthers don’t have momentum anymore
Panthers, go hard and tire themselves out.  Just like kittens do.
I've been rooting for Florida (always want to back the first-time guys), but no true hockey fan can fail to appreciate what Edmonton's done here.
Бобёр иди бамбук грызи а не кубок облизывать, вот это позорище, два года подряд не просто обосраться , а обгадится на весь мир, чмошники вы есть чмошники, вам гавно через тряпочку сосать надо а не в хоккей играть надо, срам и позор, ниже плинтуса опустить, вот срамота, Канада порвите этих фальши вых памперсов с "лутчем воротчикам"мира , дерьмо вы не команда, смотреть противно, и 7 смотреть не буду, давай Канада порви этих выскочек-девочек по вызову, фу мерзость
продажный финал
wow, i counted edmonton out, the panthers looked unstoppable, game 7 in miami coming up.
Habs fan here! Lets go Oilers! I was downtown Montreal tonight and we were cheering so hard for y’all!  Bring the cup to the Red and White for the first time since 1993
Game 7 will be the hardest to win, what the oilers have accomplished is nothing short of incredible but the panthers must be really upset right now, it’s all even, it’s in Florida, lots on the line. I hope the Oilers can pull it off, but I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t a bit nervous. Anything can happen. May the best team win. Go Oilers Go!
this run has been nothing short of REMARKABLE... the Edm Oilers are doing something we haven't seen in NHLs 100+ year History. its been fun to watch, would be nice to finish this and put a stamp on whats been an amazing Story!!   #97 go get it man, it's your time!!
Судьи тащат нефть к  кубку. Печальное зрелище...
Insane …Mind blowing match..❤Edmonton OILERS❤
Sheeeeesh taking it to game 7 lessssgo! Gl to both sides!
This is awesome!!! We have the greatest comeback and choke while exciting SC!! On to game 7!  As Rick Flair would say WOOOOOHHHHHHHH!!!!!
From Philippines here, Love to watch hockey and I can see the spirit of a champion from Oilers. For me they already won the championship from winning 3 in a row!
Thank you!🙏 Lord u give Oilers Team determination strength good health to win another game  believe u wlll the Stanley Cup 🙏❤️
Imagine telling someone that the Edmonton Oilers would comeback from a 3-0 series deficit in the cup final against the Florida Panthers in 2015 lol
Time to start calling him Bukkake Bob because he is leeeeeeeaky
That's unbelievable.   Florida ckoking  on an oily hairball lol
You know, maybe if Florida stopped intentionally losing they’d be Stanley Cup champs by now. Panthers in 11 derp derp derp!!!! 🤪🤪🤪🤪
Я же сказал ,если проиграет в Эдмонтоне,то Флорида проиграет кубок Стэнли .
The biggest choke job in NHL history.
“The panthers are just playing loose cause they want to win at home in the next game🤓”
Be afraid, be very afraid
I cannot imagine the pressure on the Panthers now. It's one thing to blow a 3-0 lead in the playoffs before reaching the Stanley Cup finals , it's another thing to blow a 3-0 lead during the Stanley Cup finals. One hand on the trophy only for it to be slowly pulled away. Doesn't matter what sport it is, these are type of situations that haunt players for the rest of their careers, some of which are never the same after the experience.
The communists in Edmonton are happy tonight!
These cats have been domesticated, declawed and defanged. Hooo boi howdy, the game 7, it's gonna be legendary.
Reverse Sweep? I could use a good laugh
If the Oilers win the Stanley Cup, they should make a movie about it.   Seriously.  They made a movie when Team USA beat the Soviet Union and won the Gold medal at the 1980 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid.
If the Oilers actually pull this off the Conn Smythe should go to... THE EDMONTON OILERS. ALL OF THEM.
Где вы турбо патриоты Боб лучший 😂
It would be fitting for the Cup to finally return home the same year Bettmans failure in Arizona finally ended.
Если с 3 - 0 вытащит Эдмонтон это будет великолепно. Но Боб обязан в 7 матче играть как последний🎉🎉🎉
Wasn’t it 1942 that a team last came back from 3-0 in the final to lift the cup. Would be crazy if it happened.
Zero interest in Hockey.  As a Canadian I should be shunned.   I have interest now.
No matter what anyone says, you got to give it to the Oilers. They fought hard and won.
Ok, first goal should have been called back, the defenseman on the other side got interfered with, freeing up the open man to Bob's right.  Should have been an interference call.  The second was badly blown defense.  Florida's first goal was NOT offside, ANOTHER bad call by the officiating.  Nice breakaway goal by Hyman!  A bit of bad luck for Bob, off the bottom of his blocker.  Answered back with an incredible Barkov goal.  Wow, what happened there? Edmonton was handed this one by the officials.  The first goal should have been called back, but they got one after that.  Florida should have tied it when they scored, but they called it back.  That means it would have been TIED until Hyman's goal, then TIED again when Barkov scored... leading to overtime.  I say this while cheering for Edmonton.  Florida got screwed by the officiating.
This seems rigged, Florida will all of sudden find their game and win at home. Just like Calgary lost game7 2004 and Edmonton 2006.
LETS GO OILERS LETS GO!
go go , Oilers go🎉
Perkele!
Leafs fan here ...Go Oilers Go!!! 🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
Бобровского на мыло, он уже ничего не тащит!
We are waiting with hope for McDonald's to change its sign to McDavid.
BRING IT HOME!!!🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
Don’t forget about Corey Perry. Since he is in Edmonton, Florida will get the cup
Hyman put the puck in the net 🥅🏒 makes a difference ehh 😅
Mcdavid did zero. No Gretzky
Hockey hasn't felt this much adrenaline, suspense and virility injected into it since the 1999 SCF. May the Zamboni gods give us an ending without a NO GOAL.
В НХЛ все продажные.
when the oilers are hot they stay hot for spans longer than just 4 games...
I got it.
Пантерам занесли что-ли, давили три игры в пух и прах, теперь наоборот горе Эдмонтон их разьебывает.
Well, looks like it's time for the tree curse!
Okay now Edmonton have chance actually to win. Florida dumb as hell
Все, флорида закончилась ))
I don’t know they why they had to review the offside call it was offside, the panther player was over the line before the puck carrier,it’s so obvious,a blind man could see,cheering for the Oilers,come on boys,this team are made for the playoffs,this game was a team effort and everyone was on the same page,heck of a game what a game ,one more game to go from NFLD to the WEST coast we believe can’t say enough about the Oilers GOilers Go
If you aren’t cheering for the oilers by now you’re a Trudeau smoocher😎
Come back is real!🙂
Флорида - просрала,🤦🤦🤦
Too many mistakes again and only Barkov to make the plays on offense. Damn that first goal for the Panthers that was turned over was the game breaker - that would have made difference.
Game 7 is gonna be Epic. This has the potential to go down as one of the best series finals in history.
Well, oilers fan. We are here. Can't believe it. I'm still in shock. We believed and it happened. Upto Mcdavid and the hockey Gods to bring her home. Go Oilers Go!!!!
Лох это судьба!☝️
Awesome. Go Oilers.
Это договорняк. Не может Бобровский так пропускать. Просто надо больше бабок собрать.
Once the Oilers got in gear in game 4  , there was no looking back. They have been hard at it for the past 3 seasons in the playoffs.   It has been a long road, a tough grind each year to come back & never give up. This next win will be the culmination of so much hard work.   My hope is that Evander Kane is healthy enough to play because he has been an integral & intricate part of that journey. He deserves to be there.  The pundits really didn’t pay much attention to the Oilers, the Conn Smythe was going to Brobosky according to them. Now, that’s changed.   Victory will be so sweet and they truly deserve it.  We Want the Cup ! We want the Cup ! 🏆 🇨🇦✌🏼🇨🇦✌🏼🇨🇦🏆🇨🇦✌🏼🇨🇦✌🏼🇨🇦😁
Did Florida secretly touch the Prince of Wales trophy? Looks like their energy disappeared
Florida "Fall asleep in the finals" Panthers
Oilers with an Amazing comeback. Get 1 more win to get the job done
Hello, this is a staged game, 7 rounds, so much money will be collected and .Florida will play game seven
I don't know what will feel worse...  Going up 3 games and losing, or going down 3 games and lose game 7.
I think the refs should grow beards until the final is finished.
I hope they put all the stops and play their best game next time. If you're going to do it, now's the time!
Let’s go OILERSDDS
This would literally be the biggest collapse in pro sports I've ever seen. Its almost already over too, florida need a a massive performance to come close in game 7
Here's to hoping the Oilers can spoil it for Florida on their home ice.
But is it rigged
EA SPORTS......ITS IN DA GAME😀
Флорида ни о чём... Им никакой Бобровский, с такой игрой не поможет.
С Ума сойти, если «Нефтяники» возьмут кубок Стэнли, я в чудеса поверю, с 3-0, до 3-3 отыгрались 😅
Go go Oilers keep fighting ⛽️. Take more resting this few days. Let make the victory game 7. All cross Canadain are fully support you guys ❤🫶🫰
Nice lubricant educational  program, a well oiled machine of commitment, it’s never over till the fat lady sings eh🇨🇦
Unbelievable
History in the making. What a time to be a fan.
Wow Edmonton, with a win like this I would say it looks like you are in good shape for Game 7. I would love to see the cup north of the border once again. Go Edmonton
The PK has been amazing. 🇦🇺
Нефтяники поймали кураж! По моему, их остановит, только чудо. Но чудо в воротах, один играть не может. Жаль.
The goals Skinner saved in the last period ❤❤❤❤❤❤
I can’t believe the panthers are going to lay down and die, especially to McDumbass lmao. Nobody ever shuts up about him already, but if the panthers hand him the cup, it’ll be unbearable.
Florida is seriously about to pull a 28-3.
The other 22 teams in the NHL are giving Oilers the respect they deserve now. Oilers being 2-9 start of the season and making the comeback to win the Cup similar to how St Louis did it couple years ago. Let's Go Oilers! 💯
a classic example if underestimating your opponent. every sport writer didn't give the oil a chance against florida  and look coming back from 3 down and looking real good for the cup.  go oilers go!!!
THIS IS INSANE
Это позор!!
I cant believe it, Panthers stand no chance
What a series !!!
Can this really be Corey Perry's year!!
Florida deserve to lose after starting 3 and 0
I can't even watch the final live. If I do I'll jinx it. I wait for highlights again.
This 2024 Stanley cup final is way better than the 2024 NBA finals
It'll be amazing to see a Canadian team win the cup. Let's go oilers!
Эдмонтон
I almost feel a tinge of sympathy for these Florida boys... Almost.
It has been poetic of year, and series - there is only 1 outcome
Maurice talks about learnings not mistakes. I think the first thing over-confident Cats need to learn is humility.
LETSSSS GOOO OILERS!!!!
Crazy game I peed a little plus stuck my longest finger in my corn spitter I was so happy!
Это что была
panthers made a bad decision "letting" oilers win game 4. Big mistake
Awful game from Panthers. They were in total panic. Uff.
Where are all the cocky panthers fans that were absolutely dogging on the oilers in highlights comments? Y’all have been really quiet recently
It’s Donald Trump’s fault.
Флорида неудачники ,позорники, лоботрясы!!!вы так никогда кубок не выйграете. Никогда!!!! 22 июня Пол Морис назначен главным тренером и проиграл.
Maybe McDavid will score a Bobby Orr goal in overtime within the final game 7. Will fly into air.
Looked like that first Oiler goal was offside too
И все-таки верю в Бобровского Ко
здравствуй жопа ! Новый год 🎄
Epic!  That's why hockey is the best game on earth!
Помойка постановочная, специально тянут плей офф чтоб бабла побольше собрать
Oilers fans are just being fooled.  The Panthers are doing this because they want to win the Cup at home.
*IF THE OILERS LOSE GAME 7 ALL HELL IS GOING TO BREAK LOOSE!* 🧱🔥🔥🏦🔥🔥🏬🔥🔥🔥🏃🏿‍
Нефтяники должны взять кубок ,Боба перехвалили
Thank you for an awesome highlight reel!! one of the best highlights of any sporting event 🙂
it was 3-0
The oilers are like a genius kid with a Rubik’s cube. At the Moment they have a solution they crush it.
Я же говорю флорида просерет всё что можно
OOOOOOH CAAAAANAAA DAAAAAAA
Kitty cats aren’t purring any more…
What a come back! Go Edmonton!!!!🎉 Cheers from Toronto 😊
The Panthers should change their name to Hosers.
Oh my goodness!!!   We're witnessing an HISTORY!   One more effort and Stanley Cup will return home finally!
Panthers are so trash, easy win for Oilers in game 7
This Oilers team is something else. The confidence they're playing with, the determination. Great hockey.
Hoooo boy
2nd reverse sweep in NHL Stanley Cup history
Yeaaaaa!!! Lets celebrate!!! More Boobies Please...
Edmonton got all the momentum going foward but we have seen over the years in any sport a game 7 is a crapshoot that what makes sports fun to watch. All i have to say is panthers better watch mcdavid because usually great generation players show up in game 7 jordan kobe mario gretsky you name it so watch out panthers you could be talk about in wrong manner choke artist
its not just mcdavid, nuge and draisitl. this oilers group reminds me of the glen sather build by the draft and nurturing young talent. and that arena was on fire.
Мало Русских у пантер😂
If you ask me ,I would tell you that the reason the Panthers are on the losing side of this series lately,it's called karma,the Panther fans blew and jinxed their team with all the trash talking and in your face comments ,talking about going to your head 😂😂😂😂😂,now if the Panthers can come out and take Edmonton's momentum away and win this ,good on them,but I will be putting my money on Edmonton. Go Oilers go.
Even as a Canucks fan holy crap the oilers are going to win the cup and they deserve it
Skinner Skinner  Chicken dinner 😂 We won't be denied
1942......
This is honestly some of the best hockey I've seen in the past couple of years
Лично от меня, если возможность доведите моё сообщение одресату, ребята, Ойлерз я вас тоже полюбил, за характер, за хоккей, за то что вы не просто в финале, за то что вы доказали, надо играс с первый секунд и до последнего секунды, настоящий канадский хокейный характер, молодцы
1942 🏆
lol the empty net goals ....
Happy for all Canadians and especially for all Oilers fans. What a ride this season! Greetings from Panama 🇵🇦
After 31 years, is the cup FINALLY coming back to Canada?
Look at the faces of the panthers. This is a mental breakdown.
So many goals in these 6 games from Edmonton in fast attacs. It's so horrible for Paul Morris.
Договорные матчи продолжаются.😅
As a Rangers fan, I am stunned by how the Oilers have played. I'm not convinced the Rangers would've beaten them. Oilers are showing a lot of heart and determination and I love to see it 👌
Monday June 24, 2024 will be a day of reckoning and drama.  Do the damn Oilers pull off the unthinkable or will the Panthers snap out of their funk and hoist Lord Stanley?  There's going to be Hell to pay. My anxiety for the next three days will be out of this world.
This is the worst choke in recent years
Habs fan here. Heading into the Finals, Florida looked unbeatable. Since Game 4, Edmonton has looked unbeatable. Anything can happen in Game 7, but this has been an epic turnaround by the Oilers.  I cannot wait for Monday night. This is as good as sports gets. Stanley Cup Finals, Game 7. I feel bad that one of these fan bases is gonna come away empty-handed. But for the other, it's going to be sheer bedlam.
I've been a florida fan for 10 years. I still have hope. But this is scaring the s**t out of me
Wooooooooooohooooooooo!!!!
Let's goo Oilers 🇨🇦🏆
This is what happens when you betray your coach. Greetings from Q panthers
Where’s Bruce Boudreau saying it wouldn’t go past 5 games after Florida went up 3-0?
Wheel in the IV for Bill Zito and get a paramedic on hand too 😁😁😁
😂😂😂 просто на месте стоят
Кошки сдулись/
fck yeah... Habs fans going all in for OILERS!!!!! BRING THE CUP BACK NORTH!!!!!!
where was the panthers goalie in the last two?
Жаль только Бобровского а так флорида заслужила проигрыш таким отношением к игре
So the Panthers’ families had to travel across the continent twice to watch this?
Hockey in Canada in June. This is new, it’s a sign of thing returning to normal.  NBA can have their trophy back.  And we’ll take the cup in replacement.  NORMAL!!!!!
Флорида удивляет в плохом смысле....
Флорида хочет поднять кубок дома
It looks like Florida is doing their best Boston impression. However, if they win game 7, none of this will matter.
It’s coming home.
Getting Red Sox 2004 vibes with this Oilers team!!!!
I just want to shove this game in Calgary's faces. They will never see the determination and skill at the rate their REBUILD is going.
в 7 игре увидим как закончилась сказка эдмонтона
Пиздец!
The dream is getting pretty f-ing real now, man! LFG Oilers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 🤟🤩🤟
Right now one team is playing hockey. The other team is playing scared.
Не доросли еще пантеры до кубка, рано им еще,  совсем перестали играть. спецом сливают все игры. Нефтяникой поздравляю с очередной победой и с тем, что кубок будет их!!!!!!
LETS GO OILERS mcdavid and draisaitl will make it count
No matter what happens in game 7, this will be a SC Finals many generations will remember.
Imagine giving Marner, Tavares, Mathews, Reilly all the cap space and letting Hyman walk. Hyman has more play off goals than 35mil of those losers combined. Oh and he s not a scorer but grinder who plays winning hockey. Toronto s management has to be the dumbest in all of sport.
Life long Leafs fan here. But iit'd be nice for 1)  a Canadian team  to win, and I'm in McDavid's home town of Newmarket /Aurora.. the place erupted
Well done Edmonton 👏👏👏
"ThEy LEt ThEM WiN SO We CoULd WiN aT HoME"
check on your panthers fan friends folks they can't be doing well rn
Where were y'all when i said it takes 4 to win in game 3? 😂
Ничего кроме денег - которые рубят организаторы!! Полные трибуны, кафе, теле-площадки, телевидение - ЭТО очень огромные деньги! И вы думали они просто так от этого откажутся и дадут флориде закончить на 4 игре ?)))
Деньги на первом месте это не спорт а шоу
Way to go Oilers! You deserve that cup.
Leon doesn't need to score as he is contributing in different ways. That was a sweet pass to Warren G!
Bring the cup to Wayne Gretzky time! 🎉🎉🎉😮
We are witnessing NHL history and sports history Oilers will Monday night from a Preds fan
They're playing great!
Какого хуя происходит блять? Почему эта хуйня сравняла счёт?
This is the equivalent of the pats getting the 2 pt conversion to make it 28-28 in Super Bowl 51
Incredible! History in the making. Oiler may be only the second team in history to come back from a 3-0 deficit to win the Cup if they can pull it off next game. Wow. Amazing work Oilers! Bring the Cup back to Canada!
Typical Oilers game. when the score is 2-0 the other team (panthers) score a goal to make it a ONE goal game. But wait the refs call it "no goal" , didnt look offside to me NOWAY. If you say Oilers went on to score 5 anyways < this doesnt matter it changed the complexion of game at that point
Go get the cup boys!
No matter what the result of the seventh game is, the oil man is already a winner. He should be respected and proud of you!
Если Флорида проиграет в 7 матче , это просто катастрофа. 3-0 вести в серии и проиграть 3-4
The first three - Florida 11 goals, Edmonton 4 goals. The next three - Florida 5 goals, Edmonton 18 goals!!! An absolute complete reversal! Going to be a HELL of a game on Monday!!!
Crazy 🤯🤯🤯 Well done Oilers 👏 Now bring the Cup back to Canada
Wow
Wow can the Oilers really do it?
Озор Флорида как так можно вести 3-0 и проиграть серия войти в историю с таким позором
Флорида !Флорида! Флорида !Флорида!Боб таши!!!
And all the Oilers doubters said they couldn't win 3 games in a row hahaha too funny!
Hockey is so much better, interesting and fun than football (soccer).
FIFA has claimed that around 1.5 billion people watched the 2022 World Cup final live on television. This makes the FIFA World Cup better than the Stanley Cup.
Bob rly went from having arguably the greatest playoff run ever to the biggest collapse
Yo @canucksnate where are you bro? What happened to 3-0
Всегда любил и буду любить Эдмонтон, на первом месте или на последнем. Когда в вас никто не верил на протяжении многих лет я ждал что это случится наконец и вот вы стоите на пороге главного события в своей жизни. Ждем седьмой игры.
as a Celtics, Bruins, Oilers fan... my dreams might come true !
I thought this series might go to 6 or 7 from the get go, because I saw 2 good teams that could battle hard but to be honest part of me when the oilers were down 3-0 after Bobrovsky was shutting the door, I thought it was over, but the other part of me remembered what this oilers group has done all season long. The way they comeback from defeat not letting it phase them, then they go on unbelievable streaks! Now they are 1 win from making history and the greatest comeback of all time. Full props to Kris Knoblach and Paul Coffey, This is seriously one of the best performances I’ve ever seen in the playoffs by a team. Constantly down in a series and finding a way to comeback EVERY TIME. When most teams just give up or just don’t have the energy to keep going. I hope the oilers can pull it off, they deserve to be here and now the ultimate prize is within their grasp.
As a Blackhawks fan, I went into these playoffs hoping the cup would return to Canada this year. Many in the US do not realize hockey is a way of life up north. Fans live hockey like us diehard American fans do. Only their population is smaller, but the percentages that are hockey fans is much larger. So each and every game effects their city even more. We all need to remember anything can happen in a game seven, ANYTHING. No matter who wins, both teams deserve to be in the limelight of the greatest game on earth.
Florida fans relax....stats are in your favor I believe less than ten teams up 3-1 and eventually went to game 7 lost... this is good for the NHL tho
This is not the end for Edmonton on this final!
Broken bob getting dragged back to Florida LOL
Oilers might just do it
Florida лохи
I said oilers in 7 after game 3 and the 10 panther fans in the world were vicious. Nothing but crickets now 🦗
Oilers has all the momentum now. This might not end well for Florida...
Florida played until the finals last year. They are dead tired and gassed.
MVP of this Oilers/Panthers series is Zack Kassian for keeping Tkachuk in his shell against Edmonton!😅
Мне кажется вратарь  бобровский не лучший и слабый зрения  а нужен надеется ловить шайба.
Edmonton ❤❤❤
I've given up chirping Oilers fans. I'm a "Believer" now!
OIL IN 7 LFG!! They got this, Bob looks broken
Ok, which of you oiler fans sold their soul to the devil?
I believe in Joe Hendry.
Guys it's fine. Florida just wants to win the cup at home.
Both team cornered… A team with a strong desire to win will win.
Лучше седьмой игры может быть только седьмая игра, в которой ты переживаешь за обе команды. Это фантастика. Спасибо Эдмонтону, спасибо Бобровскому и Баркову.
Florida looked as motivated to win this at the start as a football team down by only six touchdowns in the 4th. 🤨
The panthers are really gonna screw this off. Unbelievable
👏👏👏ошибался я, сильно ошибался. Флорида, сама себе на х...ост наступила, мда......
Ну это пиздец
5:43 AM here across the pond. My brain has not fully processed what happened. Is it real?? GO OILERS GO!!!
Series of the Century 💪🥳
Skinner having more assists than McDavid this game was NOT something I was expecting to see. Excited for game 7, hoping Oilers pull through with the comeback!
Ну, или при счете 3:0 был заключен договорняк, что все равно выиграете в последней игре, но зачем бабки терять. Давайте еще три игры поиграем, деньги соберем.
Куплено до 7 матча
Disclaimer: No water bottles were harmed in the making of this video
Oil have a good chance and they have the momentum, but some are acting like it's a done deal.  This is sports. Anything can happen. Let's celebrate AFTER the Cup win. I just don't want people to count their chickens before they hatch. It jinxes teams.
Похоже кирдык пантерам.  По-моему это будет первый раз, когда комада отыграется от 0:3 до 4:3.
History in the Making!!! Oilers are taking the cup back to Canada !!!
After game 5: How do we stop McDavid?  After game 6: How do we stop the rest of them?
Фанаты Бобровского, будут свистеть третий матч подряд , что во всем виноват Бэтмен и Эдмонтон.... Конечно именно они , ну не Боб - стена. Ну подумаешь 14 шайб за три игры пропустил Серёга, ну приказали ему😅
BRING THE CUP HOME FOR ALL US CANADIANS
Хана кошкам, нашли нефтяники как с ними играться ))
As McDavid said, it's not over until it's over
In game 7 the panthers will score the first 3 then the oilers will score the next 3 then the game will go into overtime WHO WILL WIN
Panthers taking a page out from the Leafs playbook😂
Michigan guy here. As a big Red Wings fan, I am ecstatic to see Edmonton win game 6, and I really hope they win the cup !!!!! McDavid, Draisaitl, and the gang deserve it! They've kicked ass and are playing so well now.
Флорида решила что уже поймали "бога за яйца" ведя в серии 3-0, но не тут то было! Вперед к заключительной победе Эдмонтон, это будет жирная и красивая точка в этом плове!
As I said after the "surprising" 6:1 win, Oilers outshot Panthers in game 1 and game 3 was close. Oilers could have been possibly 2:1 in games after game 3.
Barkov vs Edmonton
Блин, если Боб не тащит, то команды вообще нет....печаль...
I refuse to be satisfied until Oilers win game 7.
Greatest run since gretz unbelievable
this is canadian hockey. fair refs gets a fair game. canadian teams have been getting hosed while bettman built his new markets. call the game clean and we will kick your ass.
We could be witnessing the greatest comeback season EVER! from the bottom of the standings to a 3-1 final come back, I don't even care about the USA/CAN rivalry GOilers!!!!!!!!!!!
Rigged fixed NHL IS NOW THE NBA congrats for turning the greatest sport ever into agenda fest 👏
This goes down as the most exciting Stanley Cup final series I have ever witnessed. What a comeback. Cheers.
Stanley Cup will be coming home to Canada and to the City Of Champions once more.
Просто позор какой-то от пантерс.
Talk about Change of Momentum . .
F**kin' right, boys!
An amazing comeback for the oilers, at first I was like “this series is gonna belong to the panthers” but as I’ve seen their every game up towards this point, I’m damn impressed. Now seal the trophy and bring it home 🇨🇦🇨🇦
I’m so excited and happy for all of you Oilers fans. I’m an Avs fan and I’m pulling for you to win the cup hard. 👏👏👏
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Great Clips
Alright. both team lost 3 time in a row. We're back to square one. Nobody have right to complaint.
I love hockey.  Only sport where a team down 3-0 means absolutely nothing.
so the oilers obviously dominate when mcd is on his game but also dominate when he does nothing at all... scary.
Great game for the Oilers. I’ve had the Panthers winning in 6, and I’m glad I was proven wrong. Can’t wait to see game 7, it’s going to be an intense game for both teams; do or die.
Я уже не верю победе Флориды......очень жаль Боба.
Так бывает в хоккее, что поторопились, обсалютно верно, пан ер часто использовать этот шанс пересмотреть, и вот это уже против них, ненадо цепляться надо только играть
"Hope is a far greater threat than fear."  --President Snow (the late, great Donald Sutherland) in The Hunger Games
One more to go and that's it!
5:16 slash 1, 2, 3…no calls?  🤨
I have to admit the Oiler’s are tenacious to say the least. I’m happy for all the Canadian hockey fans rooting for the Oiler’s. To all hockey fans, Edmonton in 7. To Edmonton “TROLLS” Florida in 7…
STUUUUUUU! ❤
Monday night is going to be one of the greatest moments in sports history.
USA better than Canada because USA is a multi sport nation whereas Canada is so sports phobic that they view all other sport besides hockey as boring. Copa America and Euro better than Stanley Cup. Messi and Argentina better than McDavid and the Oilers. Argentina 2022 World Cup better than Oilers 2024 Stanley Cup.
we're oiled up boys!!
Florida Panters in the first 3 games: 😈 Florida Panters in the last 3 games: 💀  Feel bad for Bob. I don't know, what a hell is going on with Panters. Good job, Oilers and especially Skinner (IMHO). Hope I'll see how canadian team win Lord Stanley Trophy.
Just wow.
Херня какая-то. Практически безальтернативно давила Флорида - и внезапно, так безвольно три игры подряд отдает? Просто не верю.
Canada 3 Bettman 3  Balabalabalabamba!
Конченные ОСЛЫ, дома можите и не выходить на лёд!!!!!!!
This is the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen in a final. I never thought that we could literally pull a reverse sweep. Last time was 1942.
322
Actually history in the making
as long as nick cousin doesnt get to lift the cup, i'm fine with Panthers losing
McDavid is truly that player in a video game you create (Usually with your name) and you give him a 10 out of 10 in all skill. He truly is the best hockey player that may have ever played the game. He literally plays on cheat mode and its his godgiven talent!
Dear Oilers, all you did were to score on 3 errors from Cats. That's pretty much it.  A side note to Panthers: one of your top guys, your Captain, been cynically hit in the head. You let it go, pussied out. What did you earn, huh?
panthers gave it away to win at home
LOL one of the biggest chokes in sports history
Florida intentionally lost three games in a row to lose a fourth game as well
Yay🎉
Similar thing I said to people picking Panthers when they were up 3-0:  They haven't won 4 games yet. And the 4th one is the most difficult.  So, until Oilers get that 4th win, jobs not over. Keep up the good job and let's not celebrate until the job is done.
Сливы игр это Зло. Фактор 97 и тренер Морис зажал эту  Panthers
I am glad I paid Sportsnet $20 bucks for this experience. But F U CBC Gem for not having the playoffs anymore. Defund the CBC.
All that only to lose game 7 is going to be heartbreaking
What the Oilers are doing is what dreams are made of. The energy is special to watch
WOW
I think the crowd has gotten to Florida players... not unlike what happened to Calgary, the last time Tkachuck played against Edmonton in the playoffs.
Wow🎉
The Cham is here🤘🏆
Не видать, Бобровскому КС..
As hockey fans, we are getting spoiled.
Ever since that female fan flashed her tatas, they've been winning. So more women need to flash for a game 7 win 😂😂😂
Solved Brovsky. Let's go Oilers.
I think the Oilers got this. They got momentum and the Panthers look dead.
Can you imagine the Panther tears when McDavid lifts the cup in Florida
В 3-х играх подряд маслята вчистую вынесли кошаков. Похоже что и 7-ю игру маслята возьмут, потому как непонятно за счёт чего флорида может победить эдмонтон.
Боб не виноват, чтоб выиграть надо забивать...
I love watching McObi-Wan when there is a push-n-stove, he just stands there while getting knocked around in the head, not taking a stupid penalty, he smiles it off, great job by a great captain!
Omg 😂
God damn what a series its become!
Can’t wait for the Panthers to win the cup at home like it should be, in front of the home crowd!
Lets go Oil!
Omg offsides
We are witnessing sports history right now!
Canucks fan here, and I'm all in for Game 7.  The Oilers are the first team in 79 YEARS (since 1945!) to comeback from a 3-0 deficit in a Stanley Cup Final and to force a Game 7. If they win the Cup. It's all for Canada, not just Edmonton, but the entire country of Canada, because you know it's been more than 30 years since a Canadian has won the Stanley Cup. You know if they win, this will be an eternally historic moment for the Edmonton Oilers, for the greatest comeback in sports history.    Game 7 is the final showdown, and I am HERE for it.
What a response by the oilers all playoffs! Hope game 7 is a good game, may the best team win!
Canucksnate is bouta go crazy
Reverse sweep 🧹, it's Oilers series to win now.
Hyman is the biggest beauty!
The Panthers lost on "purpose" to -lose- win at home!
LETS GO OILERS
Definitely wasn't expecting Skinner to score more points than McDavid tonight. Wish i put money on that.
I hope the panthers can snap out of it things hasn’t been the same since game 4
Болею за Флориду, но ей капец, наверное 😢😮
"I'm looking forward to people doubting us again"  McDavid after being down 0-3 in this series.. what a captain, what a team 💙🧡
Incredible scenes 😅 The greatest comeback in Stanley cup finals history? Whoa momma Game 7 is gonna be GREAT
*I'm pretty sure the Oilers will win the Stanley Cup and McDavid will get the Con Smythe trophy.*
Флорида заберет 7 матч! Скважину нефтяную можете закрыть уже 😂
It`s time the Cup comes back to Canada, 1 win away, go Oilers... from a Habs Fan.
FLorida Maple Leafs
Stanley cup final game 7 - the best game ever! Can’t wait for Monday!
One more game to win. Let's go Oilers!! 🏒
Hooboi idk what to think but i still believe in Florida game 7 up next.
To all the haters that said Oilers would lose: Oil Country got two words for ya…..
Wtf is this quality sportsnet?
If the oilers win the cup Canucksnate will have the nearest wall looking like Swiss Cheese.
Эдмонтону нечего терять три игры подряд и ставка делается на атаку. Слабая игра Флориды на отборах/перехватах.
There's actually no way
The oilers have figured out the Panthers & now live rent free in their heads
Panthers have no heart, no passion. Absolutely shameful...
Los Leon...jetzt hol Dir den Eimer!
And all you Edmonton Fans will bow down and worship Gary Bettman just like you love the man
Lot of sad white-collar criminals in South Florida this evening.
We are witnessing a reverse sweep.  The Panthers has no chance. Oilers are running circles around them. In fact, I sense an Oilers dynasty a la 1980s Oilers.🎉
Gary Bettman will not let this travesty continue; Edmonton will be automatically disqualified from game 6 and Florida will be Awarded the cup after Skinner tests positive for steroid use
Oilers firing back with a win streak of their own. I love this team.
It's funny how dominant the panthers were a week ago and now they're one lose away from being a giant meme yet again. Team will go on a rebuild for a while if this ends horribly with edmonton lifting the cup in our building.
lets go oilers buck up for game 7 and pull this off
Edmonton is Playing Like they want The Stanley Cup But Panthers are gonna win game 7
Florida fans.. where are you? Shouldn’t you guys be here saying they lost games 4 to 6 just to win it at home in game 7 😅
Florida fans said Edmonton could only win with special teams, then they said they have no depth and can only win with McDavid, well, proved wrong once again.
what a game, we are going to game 7 and the look on the Cats player's faces at 2 minutes out in the 3rd said it all... they are worried and are starting to have Deja Vu from last year! AWESOME job Oilers, win Monday and make History all over again!
Похоже Эдмонтон не остановить уже
Been watching the Panthers my entire life and have such a toxic relationship with them. All I can think is "I knew they didn't change" lmao
THIS IS A TRAVESTY; Bettman please please test McDavid, Draisaitl and Skinner for steroids and other performance enhancing drugs. That explains this fluke right now
Florida fans freaking out right now.  Oilers still need one more win.  Nuts
This game made me realize Paul Maurice is not a good coach.
Oilers are the best in the world!
GET YOUR UNO REVERSE CARDS READY!
This REEKS of 2006 ...
I see the reffing is rigged just like with the Stars.
Panthers gonna destroy the oilers in game 7 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I’m so proud of this Edmonton team!!! As a hockey fan growing up watching Gretzky wins cups geographically I attended leaf games and became a die hard leaf fan, but Edmonton has always been my 2nd fav team…mcdavid and company deserve this cup
So close. One more. 60 mins. LFGO🔵🟠🛢️
The Oilers are absolute juggernaut monsters right now! Can’t be stopped won’t be stopped!!!😎👌🇨🇦🔥
If the oilers win the cup it'll be one of the biggest comeback in recent history.
!!! The oilers are gonna win 4 straight! Unreal
Game 7 loss for Oilers is gonna be the best dagger ever
Oilers doubters been really quiet lately
Am I still a bandwagon after Edmontons first win? Let's go real ice hockey what
Edmonton has made 2 simple adjustments and Florida STILL hasn’t countered. Oilers deserve the cup and I’m saying that as a Kings fan.
in shock
Panthers: "WE WANT THE CUP!" That might cost them the series. 🤣
Oilers.. make canada proud now, Avenge 2021! GO OILERS!1!
the panthers losing back to back in the final by squandering a 3-0 lead would be legendary !!!
This oilers team is no joke, they have no doubt been outplaying the panthers game 1, 3, 4, 5, 6. Florida looks deflated, slow, complacent. The oilers are hungry and it shows, keep it rolling oilers!
Panthers choke. Lazy
Oilers in 7
From 2-9-1 in the season and 0-3 in this final to be one win away from a Stanley Cup title is unreal. Get it done!
I may or may not be throwing a baby tantrum.
Panthers in 7  Book it.
If Oilers pull this series comeback off... thier Deeds will be told for a Hundred Years!! This is unreal!
🇨🇦 🇨🇦 🇨🇦 ❤️✊👍
Well I’m sorry but Maurice lost it for Florida.  Go back to last year’s Boston series and Florida was on the verge of almost getting swept---but then they stopped listening to Maurice and won the series in 7.  Why?  Because they stopped playing 100% D (like Maurice wanted) and literally outscored the opposition.  The same has to happen if they want a chance.  Btw if Florida pulls it off it won’t be because of Maurice that 4 sure!
WE BELIEVE Let’s Go Oilers Let’s Go. I think Panthers will pay the ref just like 2006 Canes to steal the Stanley cup.
OILERS IN 7!
Lololol
So does Stolarz get Game 7...?
Я вдячний, Флориді за поразку. Едмонтон, ти найкращий
Game 7 🙏🏼 What a comeback by the Oilers
Go leafs go! I mean go Oilers go! ❤ canadas team 😂
As a panthers fan I would just like to say that if someone could put me out of my misery that would be great.
WE WANT THE CUP!
WE WANT THE CUP! GO OILERS!!
3-0 Down Back To 3-3
What a legendary comeback. Keep this momentum going in game 7 boys
Siri play la Bamba
If you're not cheering for Edmonton by now, you're not Canadian. What a comeback....
But what about the Canadians who told me (an American) not to worry, saying that the NHL is rigged against them? 🤷‍♂️
The 1942 Toronto Maple Leafs are the only team to complete a reverse sweep. Let’s go oilers!
Sportsnet Getting 1 Million 🎉🎉
Panthers fan here: I cannot believe this is real. We were the best team for months; I had so much fun watching these guys kick ass all season, kick ass all of the postseason, and even kick ass the first 3 games of the Cup Final and now we’re about to be a laughingstock for as long as the NHL is around and all of sports for one of the worst collapses of all time. Nothing with the refs, nothing rigged, and no dumb excuses, we are just playing bad and for the past 3 games we have been *bad.* This is a joke, I’m not confident going into this game 7.
Florida is gassed. Another trouncing.
Can u imagine if Paul Maurice was John Tortorella AKA Torts on that Florida disallowed goal???  I mean that would be shades of 2014 Vancouver Calgary game, except this time he would be hoping on the ice VS going to the locker room LOL!                                                                                                                                                                                       P.S.  cannot wait what he is gonna say in his press conference, still won’t be as short as Torts, nobody breaks that record, NO! lmao!!!
42 24 edm FINNISH HIMMMM
Edmonton was like a dog on a bone tonight
Great to see the Oilers winning a crucial game without needing McDavid to be superman.  Go with God, Oilers, and bring Lord Stanley home.
Allllll the way back!! Super proud of this group. Looking forward to Game 7!! LETS GO OILERS!!!
Oof
How’s that not a rigged series?
We are going to Sunrise. Holy jumpin
Dear Florida Panthers. Are you going to choke this series? Really?
❤
Первый
2023-2024 Florida Panthers = 2016 Atlanta Falcons?
I cannot believe I am witnessing this 🧡💙
no views fell off
놀라운일들이 펼쳐지고있네요!
Let’s go Oilers, find a way to make history on Monday night.
Panthers in 7
LETS GOOO OILERS
Canucks nate, cope hard.
This will go down as the biggest choke in the Stanley Cup Finals.
First
