Quick correction - Titanium is actually less heat conductive than the aluminium Samsung used to have! That's something I'll pay a particularly close eye on when It comes to testing thermal performance for our review 👌
Great content.  As you read this , it's November 2025 and I still have my s24 ultra and love it. With all the upgrades it keeps getting from the s25 ultra there was no reason to upgrade,  especially since they took out the Bluetooth function in the s pen. 😮 know I'm just waiting to see what the s26 ultra will have. But I'll probably still keep my s24 ultra for another year.
1 year later and I would definitely trade my s25 fe for s24 ultra
almost every phone almost...is OMG the best there has ever been or seen. This AI.. do you know there is a older not Samsung that has a better AI? oops
Honestly, I think gojo is the most galzed anime character of today with goku it makes sense, but gojo's galze is just to much and annoying and makes the jjk fan base look stupid.
Watching this on my S24 Ultra.
didn't apple just say they switched back to aluminium because it's better at conducting heat, and you are saying titanium is better
Watching on S4 Ultra
Samsung sold me on this phone. ❤❤
Still this phone is crazy ❤
Weight is 1 GRAMM LESS THAN THE LAST YEAR 😂
Galaxy ai is useful? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 get yhe fakara here
To be honest  I'm not  very  impressed  with  Samsung  anymore  same stupid  an boring  design  and  we're  pretty  much  getting  ripped  off they keep  taking  things  away  but yet charging  really  hi prices  my God  they even  took  away  2 of the equalizer bars  what the hells  wrong  with  Samsung  these  days  i know  I'm about  done  with  them
It was hilarious to me that bro s as complaining about the meeting AI not understanding the name of the Pokemon Squirtel lol
The watch ⌚️ he is wearing is an iPhone, so he is talking about how good samsung is.🤔 Habibi, come to Dubai 😂😂 I mean, habibi, come to samsung 😂😂
did the phone reception improve after update
Watching this in my s24 ultra in 2025 😂😂
Since 1 feb i got my s25 pro max. I love it, best phone ever
Good hands health front 😳🇹🇷
I love both, but I think iPhone 16 Pro Max is giving realistic and natural color. 🤍 Win win for the apple.
Best and most comprehensive review. You keep at it. Thank you so much
your videos are over edited, a lot of transitions and effect and its getting annoying fr. mkbhd is the simplest yet significant
Got my phone today and it's incredible 😲 😮 😯 🫢
Apple cultist would love Samsung if they werent so brand loyal, time and again apple is objectively underpowered for the price, the only thing they can say about it is the purely subjective "apple does it better" when they only thing they do better is in the marketing
I'm still trying to get my head round my s22 ultra ffs.....
All that generative AI photo-editing seems awfully gimmicky to me.
How often do most users zoom in 10X ??? I've never needed to do that in my 10+ years of smartphone usage.  The 5X zoom seems much more practical.
I don't hold the phone in such a way that the square corner digs into my palm.  At any rate, I slapped on a soft case, so it doesn't hurt my palm.  The squared-off corners fit with the overall aesthetics of the design. The rounded corners of the S25 Ultra lose this aesthetic distinction and I find this regrettable.
If you've switched to the S24 Ultra, I presume you're going to skip the S25 Ultra releasing this month.
Watching this from my s23 ultra in 2025😂
2:48 Ich liebe die Ecken so wie sie sind. Damit kann ich nämlich viel besser Minecraft zocken, da ich  1. Mehr bildschirm habe und  2. Meine Daumen beim zocken viel weiter außen sind (schwer zu erklären) und deshalb viel mehr Platz auf dem Bildschirm übrig bleibt.  Außerdem sieht es meiner Meinung nach auch viel besser aus.
I have never in my whole life seen a worse camera on a phone. The post processing on 50mp and 200mp ruins every photo you take. I heavily regret not taking an iphone. I boycotted Apple because it charges a 30% tax on Instagram ads, as well as their shit screens, but the Samsung Camera is unusable for macro. If anyone has a solution on how to get rid of this disgusting post processing, I'd be more than happy to change my mind. I had better time taking photos with my Samsung A52S 5G!
Me watching this on ao6
Definitely s24 ultra
Alright, so Samsung's new S24 Ultra is basically a pocket-sized AI overlord, huh? They slapped titanium on it like it's armor for a robot uprising, and ditched the curve for a screen that's flatter than my attempts at cooking. This "Gorilla Glass Armor," though? "4x more scratch-resistant," says Samsung, while refusing to say what they're comparing it to. It's like they're trying to one-up themselves but forgot the actual numbers. And that AI translator? It's turning international calls into a comedy show. Squirtle becomes a squirrel? I can already see the awkward real-life translations: "Hello, my squirrel friend!" Still, this phone's got me intrigued... my iPhone is looking mighty boring right now.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This guy looks a.i
Bro loves making the exact same video multiple times
I slept all this video
Samsung is the best phone ❤❤❤
please use nokia 3310 for one week
Tanks ❤
😊😊😊
You forgot to mention a lot of colors it has
Its strange how some cultures almost worship their cellphones
The flash function of Samsung phones does not work when you switch to 0.6x zoom, while Apple and Google phones work. Samsung, it's time to fix this.
Good review but who else noticed the hand that caught the phone? 😂😂 😂 😂
will i see any major change using camera? going from s20fe to s24 ultra
A very HUGE con of Samsung Galaxy phones is that their screens will go bonk, with pink liine, green lines, lines, after 2 years + of use, it happened with all my Flagship Samsung, now I wonder if I should contiinue getting these phones since they cost a few ks, I would like it to last as long, not making the screen damaged and we need to keep changing them.
When the s25 comes out you’ll say the s24 is 🗑️
Who's here after the iphone 16 lunch
7:36 best part, sorry sir🙏
I prefer the 90 degree corners... feels distinguished and differentiates itself from the iphone.
The glass is actually a whole level about the competition though with JerryRigEverything demonstrating that it does scratch at MOS 7 and deeper grooves at MOS 8, unlike every other phone being a level under this.
Now that's a review damn
@MrWTB Do mind sharing your idea/opinion about pros/cons of Samsung 24 Ultra Enterprise version VS the Consumar version. Thank you so much
2:49 and very real holes in the trousers
I am late, just got my phone. That smart keyboard is amazing to write comments in YouTube.
I absolutely love your videos but I have serious complaint. DON'T USE SO MUCH FADE TO WHITE TRANSITIONS IN YOUR EDITING
G A Y
When do we get crash detection, satellite connection and fall detection?? Apple is ahead of us !!
Hey Arun, Do we need to pay for Samsung AI features from 2025 end.
Praise the Lord 😂
Why my Samsung S24 Ultra dont have 120fps?!? Upto 60fps only
I was already laughing 10 seconds in because I hear so many android users saying that the iPhone have not changed since iPhone 11 and then Samsung is doing the same, neither Apple OR Samsung is much better then the other one, they use the same damn tactics and often steal from each other.
I love you man I've been watching you for a long while all the way back when the Samsung S8 come out anytime I'm ready to buy a new phone I watch your reviews. There's one thing though that I think is funny I'm not a 100% sure it was exactly you it might have been the other YouTubers but back when the S8 came out with the curved screen that was all the raise it was like we could not get enough of it now it's like nobody wants to curve Street they want a flat screen nothing wrong with that it just goes to show you how people's preferences change over time
No offense but it is laughable your point of blaming the phone transcribe capabilities taking in consideration your very strong accent, need to be a little more realistic with your criticism
Im trying to decide whether to buy this phone or the Z fold 6
Should I’ll buy now this? Or i’ll be wait for S25 Ultra? 🤔😊👍🙏
I am already thinking of upgrading but have decided to wait for the S25 Ultra which will have more refined features.
I found Writing Style to be actually useful when speaking in a more professional environment.
You're switching to android and I'm switching to another YouTuber that is using iPhone
Another Top tier video. Thanks Mr.WTB
Upgrading my phone tomorrow to the s24 ultra. I cant wait
Bro be careful U forgot to blur Ur cars number
I have a 4k 120hz TV so that's awesome
Got it recently and I'm happy about it...
Good review
They straight up copied the always on display on iPhone
😱
DO NOT BUY SAMSUNG. Samsung's service is terrible. My Galaxy S24 showed a moisture detection error despite never being in water and has persisted for two months. The service center refused to replace it, claiming water damage. How is my phone still working if there's water in it? What happened to the IP68 rating? It feels like a scam. Samsung's phones and customer service are highly disappointing. Do not buy Samsung phones.
U DID NOT HIDE PERSON BEHIND U PROPERLY CATCHING UR MOBILE HAHAHA ITS SO FUNNY I LIKE IT
Wish they added a feature to live translate what you're looking at on your phone like
Mrwhosetheboss, at least can't you give your subscribers at least one of this products, it will be great!
i have s23 + , is it worth upgrading to s24 ultra ?
S23 Ultra got the same upgrade, so basically it is a choice if you like that weird look close to iphone for more money (not me) or more round for less money. But I'm assuming this 'look alike iphone design' is what makes iphoners switch in droves. Welcome to 2024. Apple will not have these gadgets until 2030.
Will it be on samsung galaxy a51 2020
Shout out to the dud behind you who catches the phone 😂
Which is better samsung s24 vs pixel 8
Meanwhile me who is watching this in an oppo a54 I'm too poor
I like the squared corners of the S24 Ultra/Note.
Titanium is not better at dispersing heat. Aluminum is better for dispersing heat.  "Aluminum dissipates heat more than 10x better than titanium."
Apple intelligence is better
are you muslim if you are muslim i will subcribe to you and like to you
0:56 why he forgot my favorite color: Titanium Black 😞
" AI "
Too little criticism.
I like the sharp edges. It doesn't slip like my 14 pro max did
The problem with Samsung phones or android in general is that all the specs sound great out the box but 6 months of use and it runs like a 5 year old phone  Apple phones 5 years old still runs like it did when it came out the box.  For those that are skeptic, try it out and see for yourself as a posed to sponsored videos
Isn’t the ai intelligent enough to learn after you’ve used the meeting app many times.
Why s24 ultra same size as s22 ultra and s23 ultra....it should be at 7" or more
Your videos are helping me find my future phone
Planning on buying Samsung
Galaxy A.I. Just a gimmick,and,a waste of time.Sooner or later A.I. Will screw over the human race.
Love your channel... Is there a way that we can purchase second hand phones frm a legit store?
The fact that they want to make these features a paid subscription just defeats the purpose of buying this phone for those features. Its like buying a Tesla that can go really fast but you have to pay a bunch of money for the car to be allowed to go full speed.
The call translate feature is easily confused if you talk over each other or there are other people talking around you when you're talking to someone. Also if you're speaking to let say a Spanish speaker, and you have it set to translate your English to Spanish, if you say anything in Spanish to them it will throw off the translation.  Still, its pretty amazing what it can do. Its perfectly capable of translating a whole conversation so long as you both stick to the language you're speaking, don't talk over each other and have a quiet environment. For now at least.
Brother promised battery life comparison 😂😂😂😂😂 it’s almost a year, but we haven’t seen it
Jobs are really in big trouble 😅😅😅
Most of these features exluding some of the A.I. are already on the update for my S23 ultra
Sad that no one actually wants to discuss the value loss this phone is going to experience once AI features become paid in 2025
I have the 15 pro max in the natural titanium
Giveaway this phone now,,🥹..I watch your videos for more than 2 years..
Live translation is restricted to a few languages. It isn't "any language"
I like the sharp corners. Also 99.5% of people use cases so it’s a moot point anyway lmao
I am happy that samsung updates my s22 with AI features 😊
Curved display had 2 major flaws imo. Accidental touches and the way videos looked near to edges. Other than that it's so much more comfortable to hold
The Galaxy A23 5G I got in January 2023 has 3 different AI apps on it.  After giving them a go I disabled them.  Just more bells & whistles I don't have a use for.
I am currently using the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra, and I must say, I am thoroughly impressed with it. The camera is exceptional, and I find myself utilizing the circle search feature more often than I anticipated. Additionally, the ability to customize Bixby's voice to match my own is a delightful touch. There are numerous other features that I appreciate about this phone, and I am glad I upgraded from the S21 Ultra. The improvements are significant, and the promise of seven years of major One UI updates is particularly appealing.
Watching this again after S22 Ultra got the updates.   Most features work same as shown above, except the slow motion video thing. I suspect it is a hardware feature and cannot be done in real-time.
Where's the t shirt from?
As a lifelong Apple user, i can confidently say I am almost enticed. If Samsung fix their fingerprint reader so it’s more reliable and fix their android pay chip so it’s reliable, and add pro log to their video recording, then I will switch.
Arun how many samsung ad is this 😂
สวัสดี ฉันรักวิดีโอของคุณ
Did they fix Bixby?
An extremely entertaining phone review!
Been living for 15 years but still no samsung😢
RIP Grammarly :P
So this program features will destroy A17 pro of 🍎 program  ?  I wonder how much Cup 🍎 🤓's 🐝  going 2 sleep now  4 🍎 📱 have 2 catch up with Samsung. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
After monthly update Samsung 23 fe user are getting green line…shame on company like one plus and big manufacture doing cheap things to buy there next product…now they promise 7 years software update…Did they promise if u get any green lines or shade in phone they will take responsible…no we consumer will be responsible…
Watching this on my S24 Ultra...Allhamdulillah❤
Why I choose the Oppo Find X7 Ultra, Oneplus 12 and 12r over the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is the price and in all benchmarks the Oneplus's and Oppo are better and faster.  Even though the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra has an overclocked Snapdragon 8 Gen 3.  Let me not talk about the Oppo's camera, which is second to none.  I must honestly say that the Oppo Find X7 Ultra and Oneplus 12 and 12r look much nicer than the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra.  I also choose the Oneplus and the Oppo over the Samsung for the 7 year security policy.  Because after 2 (sometimes 3) years I got tired of a phone, so why 7 years.
You are a iphone fan and give us bad review of s24 u?
bro, the difference between this screen and s23 ultra's screen is that not only is their less reflective glare, but this one has scratches at a level 7, with deeper grooves at a level 8. Things will never be the same...
Another great video, I would be interested in what data samsung or third parties are collecting from phone users as well in a future video. It seems to be a common corporate tactic to have our most relied upon devices profiling us for monitary gain.
the way this dude instantly starts the context of the video, I can't even sit down and take a first bite at my food 😂
U just need to be clearer the way u say squirtle lmao
Hi thank you very good should I just want for the new S25 ultra or just go for S24 Ultra, just let me know?
To be fair to ai, squrtle and Pokémon are not really proper words.
Titanium is a worse heat conductor than aluminum 😊
S23 is better 🔥😂
I quite like the Keyboard grammar checker with my Dyslexic it help with if i start doing Retro Game review write up channel or help me start  doing my own YouTube review channel currently im using fold 3 all i can say camera is crap 💩 considering how much this device cost at the time or and i had get New inside fold screen replacement after 12 months for free of Samsung love they 2 natural warranty which Vodafone never told me about lol it been great device Surprisingly it runs ps2 game spot on  Love the tec in the fold like have mini laptop but in phone but downside is camera and hinge so can't wait end of year to upgrade to S24 or S24 Ultra
It's Grey not Gray
Anyone know why with the UI 6.1 Update the battery protection was changed from 85% to 80%?
Okay guys, let's buy a phone for alow motion and yes, settings wall papers. It is so cool, pay for it.
Deslike 8 gb ram 😅😅
I have a topic for you that has already been reported by thousands of users on the Samsung Mambers website, maybe you would like to publicize it.  It's about processing photos in higher resolutions, regardless of whether they are 50 megapixels or 200 megapixels, with or without zoom, whether you speed up the shutter speed, etc., these photos are useless.  Even if we completely turn off photo processing or turn on Expert Raw mode, the phone still has the photo, processes it and makes it completely useless.  What happens to the photos after about 5 seconds is literally a nightmare.  The photos are covered with a yellow filter, they are much darker, they lose their sharpness, they look completely different from the preview of this photo on the screen. We pay a lot of money for a flagship and we have a total dud where we are condemned to 12 megapixel photos.  I have a request on behalf of thousands of users, you have the reach to help us publicize this matter, Samsung is already trying to sweep this problem under the carpet.  They just need to fix it and provide the option to completely disable photo processing, even in Pro or Expert Raw mode.  The S22 Ultra took photos at 108mpix that the current 200mpix cannot compare to.  The photo there was exactly as we saw it on the screen, sharp as a razor, without any unnecessary filters that would spoil it.  We really count on your help in this matter.  You have a lot of reach to publicize the topic, because the phone wasn't even placed next to the flagship.
Go to your Samsung Keyboard and look at your clipboard history. See all your passwords there in plain text and know that all the Apps you download can freely access and store that data.
I’m trying to decide from razr ultra s24 ultra or pixy8pro
Is it possible to record log videos in s24 ultra?
I have purchased S24 Ultra on Jan 29 (preorder). On two occasions, and for several days each time, battery was overheating and draining very fast for no special reason. No extra screen time, new app or anything. Service centers not at all helpful and warranty does not seem to mean much to Samsung. Advise not to buy!
And it's not as good as the AI capabilities on the Pixel 8 Pro..AND Samsung will start charging people annual fees for AI 🤣 I'll keep my 8 Pro.
S24 would be a dream
Watch from pakistan 🇵🇰 arun
S24 Ultra 🥰🥰🥰
4:10, yep watching Avatar 2 movie on this phone will be insane!
Just upgraded from an s21 ultra. Much smoother. My s21 ultras camera app started getting buggy, and my microphone wouldn't work for any non native camera app. My battery life drastically declined, i consistently ran out of storage with the 128gb, my upper earpiece speaker blew out,  etc. I had my s21 ultra since February 2021, it definitely developed some weird hardware and software issues, and as a content creator, my phone is an important tool.
The best of all reviews so far on the S24 Ultra.  With these features, Samsung has again set the pace for others,  especially Apple to follow in its next iOS 18. Nice work Arun!
Praise the lord 😊
"...cameras weren't the main talking point." Proceeds to spend longer talking about cameras than the crucial AI info. Well done noob.
Nice
Do not buy
Watching from S24 ultra❤ thanks god❤
Why the screen size not bigger and wider compare to last 2 years versions?
No 4 k 120 fps in s24 ultra
Please send me a s24ultra,I've been using my nexus6 for 7-8 years now 😭
Samsung One UI - removes the ability to create multiple user accounts - andriods best  feature is now gone- you can no longer make a personal account and a family or student or guest account -  This was the key reason to get an Android rather than iPhone- they have tried to sneak past everyone - the demise on Android customization - with a bunch of AI Spyware that you'll need to pay for next year - get literally any other Android- this is no longer a true andriod
I have the s24 regular and it doesn't have Snapdragon. It has the irritating Exynos chip.
Don't buy this phone it has a camera hardware issue. It vibrates at time of recording video and video is shakky and blurry.
how are you complaining that it cant translate squirtle into different languages. last time i checked squirtle isn't a work in any dictionary on the planet
Need a video on samsung Decx
Samsung Grane Gate! The S24 Ultra has a fatal Diaplay flaw, many Devices have the "Grany Screen Issue"! Just search it on YouTube, please make a Video on the Topic so that Samsung has to release a Statement!
I love the new flat screen. For 2 phones over 4 years, staring at the dust and grime caught under the screen protector triggered me everyday.
Enough of this nonsense, there is nothing better than human art created by hands!
The competition is apple
Using Samsung S24 Ultra 1T for a month the 5x zoom freezes. Send it back to Samsung Canada and paid 60 dollars for shipping, have to wait for it for 2 to weeks. Samsung should just replace it with new unit. What a mess.  Samsung Canada problems found: Camera/Camcorder/Flash Failure, Parts Used: Main Board, Camera; Work Done: Replaced PBA-Other -BGA Failure.
Correct me if i didnt figure something out but the photos this takes are NOT the best.. especially the raw files are processed BS that dont have a lot of edit latitude at all. I've tested most of the latest flagships this and last year. Worst raw files actually in a long time... Please let me know if i dont know something about the phone / app settings, that would have made them better, since i dont have the phone anymore. Not missing it. I tested with the latest updates, returned it couple days ago.
What about the eSim
Rest the phone on your pinkie and stop aggressively jamming it into your hand. So weird lmao
Interesting...says he's switching to S24 but is wearing an Application watch
Year or two? I give AI months to get the translate better. It's too important and Apple is already behind.
How u get them views lol
The AI features are coming to the S23 Ultra, so it's kinda meh. S20 Ultra had similar camera hardware, this phone is kind of a pathetic excuse for a flagship...
Titanium Black and Titanium Gray makes me ecstatic
@Mrwhosetheboss  I wanted to share my recent experiences with my S24 Ultra. My relation with the Samsung Galaxy series is that my first phone was a galaxy s2, upgraded to s5 when that one came out, s10 plus and now the s24 Ultra. To be fair, I never experienced something like this and it's truly disappointing that a company like Samsung asks 1500 euro for a phone that doesn't provide the service of a good working NFC and signal. I've read many stories having the same issues which you can find within the Samsung community form. The only solution they mention is to reboot your phone everytime it happens. Sorry, not sorry, this isn't a solution to a major problem. And I also don't think this can be fixed with updates, but is more of an internal phone problem.  SOOO lets go to the beginning: 2 weeks after my purchase I've been encountering frustrating signal loss problems with my S24u. It's especially irritating when I needed my phone for important calls or browsing on the go. I had to reboot my phone to make it work again, which isn't something I expect a new phone to do.  Another headache I've been facing is with the NFC contactless payment. It's just not cooperating as it should. I've checked settings, made sure NFC is enabled, but still no luck. Like the signal loss problem, I have to reboot my phone. This is especially frustrating when you're at the cash register in the store trying to pay.  My suggestion: don't buy the phone. I truly regret not buying the Iphone now and I can't turn it back anymore, it's too late for me now. I never had these problems with the s2, s5 and s10 plus. With these issues on the s24 Ultra, it just put a dent into the reliability of Samsung's hardware and my trust into the company. I'm truly sad because I always expect the best, however.. this one isn't.  I know people will convince me to wait for updates, but I think you might also experience the same problem and reducing cognitive dissonance on your purchase..
I dey always feel and learn from your videos
Translate this....how fa na... show for Nigeria
how does a phone this high end only have 12GB of ram when the ONEPlus 12 has 16 GB for nearly half the price??
It's over for iPhone
Debating between the zfold 5 and the S 24 ultra?
"supercharged with AI" wow
Ok you mentioned the case sorry That I said that That looks like a great phone I can't wait to get it
If you don't want the phone in Make an indent  in your hand USE A CASE Like you're supposed to
Pls speak a bit  slower.
Thanks fore sh-pooning out your trailer par-kay unique hatred for unity of knot knowing your mhudda'§ storehee...🕊️.🕸️🕸️👩🏾‍🦯🕸️🕸️🕸️🕸️👩🏿‍🦯🕸️🕸️🕸️👩🏽‍🦯🕸️🕸️🕸️👩‍🦯🕸️🦃🕸️🕸️👩🏼‍🦯
All that A.i that's in the Google pixel 8 pro didn't get this same type of love from you
Will consider it after they remove the annoying insta hole camera from the screen. People had the right idea of having pop-up cameras 5 years ago, then went back to this crap.
𝙎24 𝙟𝙖𝙜𝙧𝙨𝙩𝙝𝙖 𝙗𝙝𝙖𝙞𝙮𝙖
I want one hoping to get it in 2026
Who else saw the guy in the back catch the phone?😹😹✌🏾
How much press control p*** alastrop
Ples bro send me one s24 ultra
Own an iPhone 15 Pro Max and S22U. I have used almost every phone from pixels to one plus to Rog to everything. But I must say I always return to Samsung and now for the past 1 year been using S22U. But I have to admit I never been so tempted by a Samsung phone before the S24U is a beautiful piece of engineering and. It's so much better. I love the fact that Samsung is refining their phones rather than doing the shit they used to do. Now they've perfected the phone i guess.
They are probably using the Philippines quary sands to take all the resources in the Philippines to make their phone glass.
i was laughing so hard at 21:28
Ay I'm so jealous of this guy he uses a s24 ultra im stuck using a samsung a33
Best tech reviewer ever❤
Calling the screen "flat" seems odd, since all actual screen acreage is flat. The S23's curved corners have the advantage of wearing out pockets less.
I wish I knew if this is worth upgrading from my Note 20 ultra
Its kind of funny when people compare iphone with android,  nothing against Apple, they have great phones for those who are starting off with phones but it's already been stated Apple uses Samsungs old parts for their new phones, so the new iPhone is accentually just an old Samsung phone with a different software that is easier to use, if you're looking for a phone that does it all and exceeds what the average person needs than the Samsung is the way to go, but if you're just looking for a simple phone that does the basics and is easier to use then iPhone is the way to go.
This guys is another person of 24 ultra😂
No doubt its a GREAT phone, but it just so... ugly... It looks like a fancy powerbank
Me Watching This With 12$ Bank Balance
This phone is nice
Great review
average catfisher’s dream device.
I just want a battery that will make it thru the day which i have never had from Samsung a phone with a battery that will last all day
One of the worst phones I have ever seen Lock button comes off after 2 month use
How Can i Find Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Korean variant in London Any suggestion?
Just grabbed the s24 ultra yesterday this thing is pretty amazing
Why you are never addressed the shutter speed and blurry photos issue to let samsung focus on?
Tbh i wouldn't know how to spell squrtile either if i didn't play Pokémon
There is a person to catch the iPhone.😂😂😂
S24u Not the best phone  if you do comparison with s20u is better then s24u  if you don't trust me look at the screen and battery life and do a speed test I have both I think s20u has the best screen by edge to edge and more vivid
I pre-ordered the S24 Ultra as soon as I saw a flat screen. Happy to do away with the curved edges and looking forward to the new camera features! Great video!
This is the first time I bought the Samsung's flagship and didn't like the design and feel in my hand. 😢 feels like I got downgraded ... Anyone please suggest me, whats the more futuristic looking alternative, have never bought anything other than Samsung 😪
अच्छा मोबाईल है पर ओकात नहीं 😢
Great video! Is 24fps available across all the video size options?
AI is a pretty awesome concept. Some companies have AI somewhat locked down. But this AI with Samsung just isn't impressive whatsoever. I'm sure one day they will get it figured all out. But for now, it's not working out.
Google Pixel family where ya at ?
❤👍
I dunno, still don't feel like any of the AI features are a big change from stuff we've had before. An upgrade of translation, transcription, and image editing, but not some crazy revolution that justifies the hype of calling it AI. It's still more a collection of gimmicks than a fundamental change to how the phone works.
Whats with samsung and having faulty network hardware.All you see online network reset/fix or solution especially new generation.
Idk what to do . I have the iPhone 13 pro max and I’m about to get a new phone next week so everyone says the iPhone 15 it’s trash so I’m thinking to get te s24 ultra but im not sure yet 😅
TEAM SAMSUNG!❤
can you see redmi 13+ and  and poco 6
Lol alot of hype for no reason 😆
Hey, I think this is a cool fact, maybe it's dumb, but... listen. If you say "cheese" while facing the camera, it makes a photo. I found this out while eating cheese with my girlfriend on Valentine's Day.  Ps: wrote this with my ai tone generation
This AI looks gimmicky. It’s just a layer of AI features an apps, not a native level integration on the voice assistant. It’s lame.
IT ACTUALLY LOOKS AND FEEL LIKE SONY EXPERIA ( NO SURPRISE HERE AS SAMSUNG LIKES TO STEAL FROM SONY  DESIGN   CAMERA ETC ETC)
I still rock my Note 9 and still serves me well. The prices to these phones are way outside my budget, sure I would love a shinny new phone but for now my Note 9 still rocks.
Finally, a textured finish that doesn't feel like soapy glass! 🎉😅
Review = honesty = more subscribers   Smart phone = camera and display with performance  S24 ultra  Poor display  Antireflective coating with scratch guard = reflection  Colors not punchy  Washed out = not samsung experience   Flagship and cost not justified   Be honest when u review . (User )
Am only interest in battery life
Good review. I think making devices and apps that are do not need internet is a good idea. My work is in and out of low reception areas and I live in low reception area, so need for internet is lame and impractical.
AI phone? Samsung is BS!
Greetings brother .. can you help me . I just got mi 14 pro titanium edition Chinese version .as a gift . Can you please please make a detail review video upon it about software hyper os . Chipset  . Camera and other specifications. I will be thankful to you always .. thankyou
Haha wow so cool, but I do wonder where the cobalt in these new phones come from 🤔
Galaxy ai capabilities have been available in other applications for years, e.g.  searching by images has been possible using Google Lens for years.  Real-time translation is also a thing of the past and can be used using Google Translator.  This option is so old that everyone has managed to learn foreign languages.
this video convinces me to not even bother with these flagship phones....everything is just so meh....incomplete....feels like chatgpt thats unfinished and early access....fun but lame and you get bored of it
8:46 when was 120fps video a thing
ro please 🙏🙏♥️ I love the red magic 9 pro phone but I can't afford it can you in any means help I will so grateful and god bless you if you can, please 🙏🙏♥️ let me know
Awesome phone I phone is over rated
2:38 s23 has a round edge so stop complaining.
I've just ordered Samsung S24 Ultra 1TB Titanium Black. Can't wait to hold it on. I plan to upgrade the quality of my own content via social media.
I legit thought wifi 6 just came out last year like they need to chill out lmao 😂
I just don't understand the arguments of judging a large portion of a phone by it's design alone and not factor in the fact that almost everyone uses cases because the devices cost almost the price of some used cars. If you are using your phone without a case or screen protector you are such a small percentage of the population. Samsung switched back to the flat screens because they realized people were leaving because of the curved screen, people are just going to throw it in a case and flat just works better with cases and glass screen protectors. You can't sit here and argue that the curve is superior because it's literally not in all cases except for sharp corners without a case and even then the design could be altered to make that not matter at all. On curved the screen protectors are garbage, the case protection geometry is garbage and you lose workable on screen real estate. With that said case design is important but not nearly as important as symmetry and practical usability. If they would of realized that almost 10 years ago they would be way ahead of the game right now but I'm glad they are finally turning around. About time!
Why do you always pik up two phone..
The research comes from Piper Sandler, which does an annual survey of American teens. A whopping 87 percent of teens owned an iPhone and roughly the same amount — 88 percent — expect their next device to be an iPhone. Good luck selling these green bubble android phones to the richest and most trend setting market on the planet. 😂
I regret trading my s22 ultra to s24 ultra I should've just kept that phone 😭. I always losing connection on internet. Phone is slow battery drains fast
I have it
Software upgrades are always nice.
Phone looks like a must have.
What a camera!
Really liking the phone updates.
Camera and Hitting issue   I would like to bring to your attention a related issue that I encountered with my recently received Galaxy S24 Ultra, which I purchased from a Samsung store on January 30th.   When using the device, I have noticed a significant image shift problem when switching between zoom lenses (3x, 5x etc.) in auto mode. Also, I have noticed a barn door type transition in the camera viewfinder when switching to 3x and 5x lenses. Despite my attempts to replicate the problem in Samsung Store devices, I was unable to do so. This leads me to believe that the problem lies with the hardware of my device indicating a possible malfunction. I'm not sure this is something that can be fixed via software update.   This phone is getting very hot within 5 to 10 minutes, I want to request Samsung to provide me a new phone as soon as possible otherwise I will file a consumer court case. Despite purchasing such an expensive phone, why should I repair this phone?   As a loyal Samsung user for an extended period, I'm disappointed that such a quality concern exists in a flagship device. I have high expectations from the performance and reliability of Samsung products. And this issue falls short of those expectations.    Attention to this matter and look forward to a speedy resolution.
Easy way to fix the "sharp" edges. Do some manual labor.
Aluminum is 12.3x *more* thermally conductive than titanium. And more environment friendly.
BEWARE SAMSUNG SELLING DEFECTIVE S24 ULTRA  I brought a S24 Ultra from Samsung UAE which came with a defective out of the box motherboard and Samsung refuses to replace and wants to repair.
And 7year of upgrades, and some of the A.I bucks should possibly be fixed in the next 2-3 years with updates!?. Wenn i remember how bad 8-10 years ago, speech to text was, and how well it at least  in my languages german/english works, so i had great hope for A.I and real time translation, and all the other things!?.
Every year, same old shit.... so samsung just released it's new pixel 14pro ultra w/e!  Sent from my blackberry pearl
His English is really fast , difficult to grab at real time😢
Hey wheres the vision pro?!
They should brig back the front multi facing camera like on the galaxy note 9
Does the Galaxy seem to suffer from warp? The flyby shot at 1:20 of the 2 phones on the bench, the Samsung doesn't seem to sit flush on the bench top making the housing appear warped. Cheers
That 2600 NIT if true is huge for drone users like myself. My drone's image is projected on the screen of the phone in conjunction with the remote control. That NIT count makes the old tried and true Tripltek about pointless now. (with screen size exception.)
Nice review.  Good to see you got a good screen.  The screen on my S24 is washed out, grainy and awful.  Look online for how many people are really unhappy with it.
Nice review.  Good to see you got a good screen.  The screen on my S24 is washed out, grainy and awful.  Look online for how many people are really unhappy with it.
Nice review.  Good to see you got a good screen.  The screen on my S24 is washed out, grainy and awful.  Look online for how many people are really unhappy with it.
I have 22 ultra. When 23 ultra came out i wasnt convinced to get it just wasnt that impressive 24 ultra was a let down too i really dont think im going to get it. I think im gonna continue to wait. My 22 ultra is plenty fast enough and camera is amazing i also noticed my s 22 ultra has been getting some of these AI features the last couple months randomy the translation showed up on my phone real time translation it works flawlessly s24 ultra was a let down 👎
Am waiting for apple vision pro review
Im just jealous 😔 😢
He needs a checklist for the fundamentals of reviewing phones. I was hoping to hear about CONNECTIVITY, since that is the main deterrent to getting pixel8p. 🤷🏽‍♀️
I need someone's assistance , I just bought this phone but it says it won't support my adt matrix video.   Can anyone help, Spoke to art and they are saying that the new phone does support it and there is an issue with the s24.
1:35 Titanium is stronger but it's a poor conductor of heat, in fact it reflects heat..
Any thoughts on Vivid mode not working? Settings-->Display-->Screen Mode-->Vivid isn't doing anything. It's just Natural (even when vivid is selected), and most people switch from Natural when they get their Samsung phone.
If they make a phone without flaws you'll not buy next generations phones. The sharp corners are there to be corrected in the next ultras. They've learned from apple that creates problems and sells you the not needed solution.
Everything's ai now. It feels scary how fast it is progressing recently.
Tooo posh to review the base s24 and s24+?
This title is a joke.  There is zero reference anywhere in this vid to chatgbt or such an increase.  This recording sounds like a computer generated piece of trash.  Youtube videos with lying titles like this are what's wrong with youtube.
I used to like samsung before they went applegreed and REMOVED the HOLY MICROSD options to trick peseants to use paid cloud storage.😢  Samsung wont get my money anymore  No expandable storage = no media = no backup = stay away
4:58 "completely useless"  Jerry: "the s24 ultra's screen scratches at a level 7 with deeper grooves at a level 8"
Is there a major improvement between S23 vs S24. Which one should I get ?
Im so glad we are back to flat screens, i have shatted four Note 20 Ultras (while they were in otterboxes) and never once did i break any of my flat screen phones.
Circle to search is a gimmick and I'm so shocked to hear reviewers not calling Samsung out on it. Androids have been able to image search for the longest time and now, because they've forced it as a short cut, it's "REVOLUTIONARY AI!" ........ Ugh....... No it's a gimmick. One of the most gimmicky of gimmicks and people fell for it.
sometimes i wonder how stupid people are .. thinking theses phones made of Titanium .. its like 5% Titanium and has nothing to do with heat dissipation.
Who was that guy who caught your iPhone? Give him a raise 😂
I am planning to buy a new phone please tell me which one should I go for the OnePlus 12 or Samsung galaxy S24 ultra?
My s23 is running fine! Ahhhhh do i need the new one? 🤔
3 decades ahead of apple, half the price of their top of the line iphone, but 50 times better at everything, typical samsung 😎
Can you comment on wash out color please?  Vivid vs Natural  Not working   I hope samsung allow you to comment on this. Is all over Internet   This needs to be sorted otherwise no one will buy this  Look forward to your wisdom!!  Thanks
Just got to wait until I can upgrade, roll on October!
17:39 was it hitler?
This phone is the definition of a brick. It’s not flattering. Nice display. Cut the length by 5millimenters and then maybe it’s worth it.
Fantastic review !
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@MrWhosetheboss can you please give me your old iPhone you are no longer using ... All the way from South Africa
@Mrwhostheboss can you please give me one of your old iPhones 😔... I'm in South Africa
Buying one
i love samsung
Can't take you seriously with that Apple Watch Mr.Clickbait
this is the best review for this phone. Very informative and honest👏👏👏
Waste Phone Ever😂
"It absolutely BUTCHERED my conversations" 5/10
can i have your s23 or s22 ultra pls i dont even have that nice or best phone in the world pleasee my birthdays gonna be on march 5 pls
Hard to trust someone talking up a Samsung phone while wearing an Apple watch
Hey,  Does someone had a slighty gap between the screen and frame in the botton right corner? Look with the flashlight, with bare eyes you cant see it. S24u Grey. S24
What's the best case for it?
"Hand Indentation" from your omniscient pocket-superComputer is the winner of this year's 1st world problems awards.
I think we reached a high peak in phones... they need to start working on the sound of the phone .. ppl forget about sound
Bezel looks trash
I'm convinced of S24 to replace my veteran J4
15:23 pixel could have nailed that
One amazing feature which no one has talked about is Bixby vision under camera. Since no one uses Bixby, no one talks about it. Check it and you will be surprised 😊
Titanium has a worse thermal conductivity, not better.
I just got mine and I love it. My only issue is that flattening the screen made it slightly bigger, which means for smaller hands it's a little big with the case on. The 2nd issue is that I can't customize the navigation bar as much as I could the S22 Ultra & the lock screen clock and AOD clock are the same now, where as I was able to set different clock faces on the 22. Other than those I do love the upgrade.
I do not want AI tech on my phone 😢 So no chance I will buy this phone
In Brazil the S24 Ultra (512gb) price its $1.058,00 and came with charger adapter.
The good thing is... the more we use the AI the smarter it will get over time.
Hope they bring these to s23 flagships
Apple fan boys losing their minds!😂
w
You are analysing Samsung phone and your watch is apple watch
Why does the color look so much better on the S20 series? The S24 looks dull.
GREAT PHONE!!
Hi! What’s the purpose of the upper smaller camera? It always doesn’t say, even on the samsung website. 9:15
S24 ultra, best phone in the world now..
This phone is amazing the speed of this processor is incredible
Why dies it take 5 seconds of holding down an icon before I can move it on my desktop?
Please do in depth review of charging bypass feature
Topnotch review. More grease to your elbow Arun
1:30 alunimum is literally an order of magnitude better at conducting heat than titanium
Bro toss a thousand dollar phone as a introduction 💀
I got my ultra yesterday
Still, charging cable and headphones should be in the box ! I truly find it discouraging, disappointing and disgusting that this is normal new 😐 its all lies and it makes it even worse 😠
hello can you gift me with one phone please🥰
do you like the phone?  :yes  Can you buy it? :yes,in my dream🙂
I've s24u, the ltpo doesn't seem to work properly. The refresh rate goes only till 24 not below till 1, even on static pages and AOD. I'm using the inbuilt 'show refresh rate' from developer options. Can someone please check in their s24u and confirm
I love the flat screen
Iphone is shaking
I'VE WATCHED ALREADY 🎉🎉🎉
00:02 Samsung S24 Ultra sets a new standard for smartphones. 01:47 Samsung S24 Ultra features a flat display with practical benefits 05:29 Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip is a significant upgrade with faster speeds and improved battery life. 07:16 Samsung S24 Ultra brings significant camera improvements 10:57 Samsung S24 Ultra has impressive AI features. 12:49 Samsung S24 Ultra has an impressive AI image editing feature. 16:24 Samsung S24 Ultra offers impressive AI features for seamless communication. 18:04 Samsung S24 Ultra introduces new Circle to search feature and smart keyboard with chat assist. 21:19 Samsung S24 Ultra offers solid hardware upgrade and innovative AI features.
18:42 oh nein...
19:20 he rickrolled us again XD
Hi sir  Sir please gift me this phone please  I can't afford it  God bless you sir
I have no idea why nobody is talking about the dull display of S24 Ultra! s24 ultra display colors are very dull !! I just got sooo disappointed that I sold it within 2 days of using it. My old MI 11i display rocks.
Iphone will always be easier to use then android phones I don’t care what they do…. iPhone 16 will have AI
I cannot see the option of "UHD 120fps", can anyone explain to me how to add that option to my S24 ultra please?
I've got the s23 ultra and i can't wait for this
I needed this to see if I want the newest model. Thank you so much!
Hola! Soo hyped right now! Just got my Titanium YEllow S24 Ultra and it's just a blast setting it up. Made some funny videos about it on my chanl.
“Kill Ki. Youtube” 17:47 lmao wtf?!
Big mistake I bought a s24 and sold iPhone 15 ,I can't explain it s24 is better in every measurable way however for some reason I prefer iPhones now fuck sake I'm going to sell the s24
Instant translation.    A perfect phone for Germans.
The Samsung ai features will be paid for in the next 2 years. Enjoy it now while it lasts.
samsung should try to add the 10x back, along with the 5x, so they have 3x, 5x and 10x
But you’re still wearing an Apple Watch
Are what you have just shown going to be updates on the S23 phone?
Unpopular opinion: flat screen for ultras for the SPen  Curved for the regular and + without the spen
Just launched it in Kenya about 5 days ago am super excited to see this video
The battery on this phone sucks.... I can't go the whole day anymore without having to charge it like I did with the S23 Ultra
I got mine on friday and it feel really nice plus all new stuff make the phone feel smothered
Still waiting on samsung maps which should kill apple maps comma google maps comma and waze
and very soon will be recieving the most alike to iphone  sccrutiny and memes...you gurus seriously think that the community that you have wont abandon you if you sell them trash and hopuioum?! i am delising you and blocking you for the lies in this clip and the fact you never mentionned you were SPONSORED anyone can gues by who..
Mine is shipping tomorrow! cant wait for the ultra!
I'm coming from samsung note 3, is this a big difference compared to samsung S24 ultra ?
Am sure that if this was Apple, you would have given it all a pass. Good job tho!
Thanks
By just saying the translate application is 5/10 is a good thing, just make me into even more my iphone 13 pro max! Apple never gives us features that do not work.
You are beyond talented the absolute best in your field. Natural YouTube CHAMPION ⚡️❤️🤙🙌
Thanks for the video The last video on my channel: Review of the Samsung S24 Ultra phone case with fantastic specifications
Almost perfect phone, just one thing or even 2. No sd card slot since they merged note with s. Usually Galaxy Note always have sd card slot. The number 2 is: headphone jack. This all crucial for gamers.
Last week I pre ordered a Galaxy S24 Ultra with 1tb storage. I got a free Galaxy Watch6 40mm with it so I'm doubly excited. Its gonna be a big step up from my S10.  I can't wait for 19th Feb now.
Ive owned htc, ios, samsung, asus zenfone, another samsung and recently my one plus 9 pro. Samsung is easily the worst phones ive owned off all of those, alarms didnt work, screen broke in the weirdest way, and the charge port broke. Fuck samsung.
anyone not gonna point out how bad the signal is for the galaxy ultra lineup ? its been bad for years
What about VIVID display problems people reporting ??? Nobody talks about it only @Velian Speaks Tech
I have been an iPhone user for years and I’m so keen to change now…
Obviously, the live translation feature is a very nice feature, but I have been using this feature on the Microsoft Swift keyboard for a long time. In fact, although I know English, I wrote this message in Turkish using translation. Also, my keyboard supports chatgpt4 and I can access chatgpt at any time
I wish someone would gift me this phone. I'm just a broke college girl
Where is the competition 😂 4:28  5:00
Im still on my note 10+ my battery life is still great but this might be my next upgrade
Just bought the Ultra.  Love it!
And it still feels smoother and lighter and thinner in your hand than the iphone.
My dad has a Note 20 ultra and plans on trading it in for this because it has green and pink lines on it without cracking the screen
Is it worth upgrading from the S22U though? 🤔
Marvellous review and well presented, good diction. I want an S24 Ultra, but wife she say no.
AI internet features will work until the end of 2025. Jan.2026 will need a subscription
Does it still have shutter lag?
amazing
Will you need a screen protector?
The translated German at 18:43 make no sense.. "Hey, wie geht es dir, lange nicht gesprochen! Liebe ist uns nicht fremd" <-- thats make more sense xD
The slip down the stairs got me crying! HaHa
I prefer ROG Phone 8 Pro  ^^
Flat display is shit, and we have you youtubers to blame for it.
קשה לעצור אותך כשאת מתחילה לדבר חחחח אבל לפחות - הדברים שאת אומרת - אסור שאף אחד יעצור אותם!!!!
So does it have airdrop. The only reason I’m not buying a Samsung is because it doesn’t have airdrop
Great video
5:19 I was cleaning my screen then realised its the mole.
Base ram 8gb to 12gb ?? I have 16gb on my 21 Ultra . How's this an upgrade ?
Jeez, this video gave me anxiety
They should have used that AI to fix Bixby. 🤣
So your notes are a real scribble... or maybe squirrel or squiddle.... 😂
Superb review of multiple complex features!
You spelled GREY wrong in the video.... 😂
Very detailed and informative yet enjoyable to watch. Welldone.🎉
I wish I could afford this phone.. Good job Samsung! Brilliant review, Sir!
Very descriptive video! I already have this phone and I am really not sure if I will ever be able to use so many features.. It will take quite some time to learn all the features and understand this phone's true potential.
All that Ai is just software. No reason why they cant implement it in the s23 ultra.
I just checked the trade in price for my s22 ultra which has signal reception problem and realised that Samsung offers only £370 when I trade in my s22 ultra. Any suggestions on how to overcome this loop and  solve the signal reception issue?
More shiny shit we don't need.
Good but works slow,Needs update Also having s24 ultra
I will buy this one when my s 20 fe will give up, however after 3,5 years it,s still perfect 😅
yeah like it can speak hmong.
So the phone is a copy and paste of the 23 ultra
Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!Faster!
8:18 g
Same shit every year still have a ultra
The iphone's are not tiny anymore, just like the Androids... The iphones now have widgets, just like the Androids. Crapple's flagships now have wireless charging, just like the Androids. Better screens now, JUST LIKE THE ANDROIDS. No cutout on top any more, JUST LIKE THE ANDROIDS... There are fifty thousand features that iphones never had, until years after the Androids. Also, Samsung announced in their roadmap that they would use titanium years before CRapple ever came out with their lastest crap device. So maybe stop acting like Samsung and Androids are copying CRapple, when it's been the opposite forever...
Do a video about ballie pls
The guy in the bg catching the phone he threw😂
Whats the highest fps you can video 8k   ??
Thus was definitely the most thorough and comprehensive review of the S24 Ultra I've seen. Thank you.
This is the most promising smartphone in this iPhone era
All s24 phones have a software issue because vivid screen mode dose not work. Samsung said its a known issue  and will be fixed with a update, and if not the phones can be returned under warranty. Thats why at the moment, the colours look washed out compared to the S23U.
Hi, Can you please tell me about speakers
Gimmicks gimmicks and more gimmick I just want to order a pizza.
pretty much samsung selling same phone for 3rd year in a row.
When he said Praise the Lord, u know it's  good🤣
Difference between Apple and Samsung is that generally Apple don't release a headlining feature unless it works pretty reliably. Apple's software QA just seems higher. I say this as a Samsung user since the original Galaxy S and it's always been disappointing that Samsung prioritise features over actually fully working ones (cough Smart Stay).
I'm so glad the got rid of the curved screen
Your claim that titanium conducts heat better than aluminium is extremely suspect. Thermodynamics is the LAW, not a theory...
Boycott Starbucks
15:06 it doesn't know that you are saying squirtle because squirtle isn't a word so it gets confused
Keep in mind the AI feature will be behind a paywall in 2025.
Who is migrating?
Where is your shirt from? it looks like it has a nice texture to the skin
Is he wearing iPhone watch?
Is the screen flickering rate the same (PWM 240) ?
If your guy didn’t catch that phone you threw, video would have ended before it started 😅😅😅
This horseshit about AI he's getting out of hand everything about AI is misleading is a man-made program Yahoo's😊
dude i didnt want to upgrade i have the S23 Ultra and i stupidly watched this video and now i want it ugh.... going to have to bite my hand until the 25 comes out and that AI is refined... this is gonna suck
Had my launch default Galaxy S10 for years, rocking 1TB micro sd now. It is keeping up with software updates in terms of apps, graphics are still good on games 2D/3D, have nearly 6 digits of tabs open on a browser abd not crash, the camera is gloriously bad but decent enough to be practical, with a funny Tough case from Redbubble, gel silicone screen protector, an aux port plug and a waterproof sticker of sorts for the speaker grill that somehow soynds still comes out nicely and no water gets in and a type-c plug to make the phone almpst completely water resistant at best. However, no more security based updates, relying on VPN will only get me do far. Was planning to upgrade S23 Ultra but S24 just came out better than ever, the transition to such a behemoth of a phone from default S10 to S24 Ultra will be truly an experience
I love how they give the old numbers so we feel inferior with our meagre S23
overpriced by 400%
Not worth upgrading from my Galaxy S1.
My s23 Ultra has 12GB Memory, so my upgrade to the s24 is not really 8GB to 12GB, its the same....isn't it?, also we all know about the AI, how about the hardware spec?
Hey bro.. plz make a review of vivo x100 pro...
Samsung S21 Ultra i feel like it was the best-looking design Samsung has ever made.. They should have kept that look with all the Ultra phones
Можно по русски тивой хреново язык непанимает
Let me try here, guys. I really hope I prevent someone from having bad times with this brand. What happened is I asked a friend of mine who was going to fly from Dubai to my country, Kyrgyzstan. I asked him to buy for me s23 ultra 1tb on noon or Amazon in the UAE, because it was cheaper there. He, thinking when you spend 4000 aed(1100$), better pay little extra and buy it in an official store. So without informing me he got the phone for 1336$ in an of brand store. After 2 days from the date of purchase he flew to Bishkek, our capital. I met him after a day and got my phone. 2 days past after that and I opened my phone. Another 2 days past before I started to use it as my main mobile phone. My happiness didn't last long. I discovered that many times I take my phone in my hands to use it I have to use password instead of finger print scanner. I came to know that first time to unblock your device after restart is to use password not the finger print scanner. I noticed that it was restarting. By itself. Several times per hour I came across later after checking it properly, closer. So disappointed I sent it back to Dubai hoping that they will give me a new properly working device. I was wrong. They said since it was more than a week from the date of it's purchase, they can only fix. On, no problem. If it is the policy they didn't inform us when selling. They fixed, sent my phone back to me. Now it is switching off by itself. I have a type of job where I get a lot of phone calls and messages. I mainly work with my phone. So I noticed that suddenly there is no phone calls or nor messages. I take out my phone, and it is off. I switched it on. Seems alright. But when it happens several times a day, it is not alright. I sent it back to Dubai again, for the second time. They want to fix it again. Guys, I don't want a phone which costs 1336$ to be fixed over and over again. I want a new properly working phone which doesn't require fixing Several times or I want my money back. That is what I want but not what I get from Samsunggulf. Let's what happens this time. I will update you on this matter.  By the way, we were offered to "upgrade" to from s23 ultra 1tb to s24+ 512gb by paying extra 1000 aed(274$). Nice offer! Take care everybody! Peace!
Tell me please, Mr Tech God, really and honest- I find the 24U very fancy. It gets me. But...I have 23Ultra and still very, very happy with that👍. But, is there a POINT to upgrade to 24U?  Whole price would not be the case, but through this program to sell back an old device( not that old at all🤔)- is it making any sence? Cannot decide, part of me sees no need, other one yet sees the future opening😃🥳. Would you or would you not🤔?
Year after year. More and more gadgets, fancier ones, better ones, making your more productive ones, ergonomic ones, and all the other bullshit ones. Has any of those made you happier? Or are you more miserable now than before you had these gadgets with 100mp camera and that fluid screen? Think about it. Answer lies within, once you silence this non stop materiaism
In which all countries does samsung provide the small standard s24 with 512 gb memory option ... I don't mean s24+ but the small one. Can anyone tell me
@mrwhosetheboss please gift me s24 ultra, iphone 15 pro max and google pixel 8 pro.   These are my dreams phone but I can't but it..  i will be very grateful to you
@mrwhosetheboss please gift me s24 ultra, iphone 15 pro max and google pixel 8 pro.   These are my dreams phone but I can't but it
Okey we all have seen the guy behind catching the phone at 0:18 ?😂
Damn, I'm getting that Xperia vibe on this phone. 😆
Everything you mention is also on the s23 ultra, I have 12gb ram nothing new, I have WiFi 7 nothing new, we are getting Samsung AI in the one UI 6.1 update, same battery. Same camera and s23 ultra is just better, massive fail for Samsung
It's an s23 ultra with flat edges and heavy titanium metal
Good stuff, but word you should be saying is ALUMINUM not aluminium.🧐
Amazing presentation thank you
best review i have seen so far !
2:37 if they made the corners rounded, space in the lower left would be wasted. If you've seen Zack's teardown of the Galaxy Note 9, you can see the there are no components between the S Pen and the edge of the phone. The sharp corners allow them to have the S Pen closer to the edge of the phone, so there is less empty space
Half of video is about look's and design , nobody cares ,show us what ai can do.
I try s24 in samsung experience store. I see a different in Camara 50MP is available in main and telephoto Camara by turning setting into 50MP😂😂. I confused sensor is 12MP but shot on 50MP😮
PRAISE THY LORD! HALLELUJAH.....🙏🙏🙏🙏
The holy grail of smartphones (for every sensible person)..no other phone stand a chance against this wholesome package
I didn't like your gold chain, kinda girly
We need decent reviewers. Imagine revieing Benz while wearing BMW cap. This is crazy
So Google Lense, but more streamlined and integrated. That natural "next step" that Google won't take themselves..... maybe  Wouldn't be surprised if they kept a fancy version to themselves for the Pixel phones. Haven't those had some type of "special accelerators" for a while now?
Most of the AI features on the Samsung are already on the PIXEL 8
Now every company will put their hands on AI. I am expecting to see lots of software features. Too bad this is only free till end of 2025 which can lead to lots of necessary features locked behind a paywall, no point of free software upgrades if the maijn features are not free. But pixel is giving  similar features for free right now, so maybe Samsung will back off. Nevertheless we are going to see so much ai this year I can't wait
That 'Summarise that boring af meeting that went on 3 times longer than it should have' feature turns this from an expensive phone into a wise investment for a lot of people. Worth its weight in gold if that works as described.
Doesn't know how AI works 😂. Literally trying to learn the voices and what you're saying.
Great reviews..bravo!
Just a quick thought. Since you've thrown your iPhone out of the window, you probably need to get a Samsung smart watch and throw away your Apple Watch Ultra 2 :)
U can feel the pain the youtubers use when they review a good android 😂... But wait for the useless iphone n u will see the joy
Ti is not better an conduction heat than Al
Samsung galaxy doesn't fix there phones.  I had a speaker that went bad and was told it couldn't be fixed. They refunded my money 2 months later.over Samsung.
Aj mere birthday koi to wish kar do 🎂🎂🎂🎂
I can always count on this guy to tell me what i need to know!!! ❤🔥💪
S24 ultra is the samsung note basically
Good catch
I think what we can all most appreciate about this new incredible phone, is that it is not a nerd. 👍 Am I the only one that was a little happy that it didn't understand their Pokemon conversation
My Note 20 Ultra has 12gb of Ram
Just bough tthe 24 Ultra and cant find the 4k 120 fps option. How do I add this? Only see 30 fps and 60 fps on settings.
I just pre-ordered the s24 ultra!!!
Piece of crap phone
Happy To See You Anytime Love You Forever ♾ !!! ❤
He should test them by playing fortnite and on iPhone use cloud gaming
Awesome, this is my next phone.❤👏📲
Hello, my samsung s24 ultra arrived a few hours ago,wow wow wow, it's an absolute beast, really cool upgrade❤❤❤❤
Appreciate the honesty bruv! Any chance for a Worldwide Giveaway? Even the predecessor will do. Please?
Looks like a old Xperia
Is it worth to switch from iPhone 14 pro to samsung s24 ultra?
So it's basically nothing special worth upgrading from a 22 ultra .  I had instant translation on my Xiaomi years ago 🤷🏻‍♂️
Apologize for the question if it was covered, I have been watching parts at a time, so may have missed if discussed....  Does the phone ship with a screen protector installed ?
fake accent...
Please stop the super bright flashing transitions. Who wants to focus on the content and then get flashed in the face with a light every few seconds?
Man I love this guy, but updated design 💀
I feel like the AI stuff they should've let cook for another year before releasing it.
Could you plsss do a video comparing apple and Samsung ecosystems plsss 🥺🥺🙏🙏
"Eat that sir"😂
Paid review 🤝
Just want to add something I've noticed with my S24 ultra. It's that the keyboard recognizes what language i use for different chats. For example,  i use Swedish with my dad, but English with my British friend,  and it remembers the setting. It also has swipe typing,  which used to be a separate app before.
He would have spoken with much greater enthusiasm had he been viewing a vastly inferior iPhone.  He is for years, unfortunately, an iPhone Fan Boy.
Nice I like the legite design of the  latest AI galaxy 24.Iwould wish you could give me one of the Samsung ultras you have
i cant tell witch one witch in the whole video xDDD
Im watching on a sumsung S25
Bro has a smug jawline🫡
Can someone confirm wether or not its true they broght back sd card support
Titanium ai? Say no more, they probably coming for Sarah Connor already. We are doomed, protect her at all costs
Tell me u r a paid sponser without telling me u r a paid sponser
the guy that cached the phone 😂😂
Nah i wait on the 25 or 26 😊 My 23 works fine 🙂
Im glad samsung went back to the flat screen design. Makes finding screen protectors that work a lot easier.
Is there any difference in functionality between the ultra and the plus?
Honestly, I want my iphone to be traded into the samsung galaxy s 24 ultra
.
I remember when phones were just phones. All (or most) of the features are cool & all, but what happens when Skynet takes over & your phone's AI starts "swatting" its owners for fun
I wish they'd bring back the Aura Glow color!
Hello Hello 😢 how is everyone getting there phones early I ordered on the pre-order day the 17th and it's say delivery by the 31 😢
I filmed fireworks with s23 ultra.. and the microphone was terrible .. 😅hope s24 ultra is better😅
Protect this man at all cost, he is who he thinks he is, GOATED.
The S10e is still the best phone design imo
I have that keyboard grammar feature as an app on my iPhone, it’s called Grammarly, I use it often, it’s amazing
7:36 😅
I want to know if Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia Muhammad Bin Salman is your twin brother???...Because you both look the same
The only thing a apple sheep will say is that it doesnt have i message lol
Somebody buy me one huhuhuhuhu... Dead serious.
Waiting for a battery test, if the AI helps with the battery i might change from my 13 Pro Max
I wonder what the anti ai crowd will say about stuff like this….
This looks and feels like a brick.
Is the front camera worse than the s22 ultra?
The color options suck
I think the reason they are not saying stuff like "The glass is 4x more scratch resistant than the iPhone 15" are national laws. In germany for example, you are not allowed to advertise your goods while saying it's better than "Brand A" or "Brand B". You can, however, advertise it as "4x more scratch resistand than the competition", as you are not making specific brands look bad on purpose. I assume, even if they would only do that on advertisements outside of germany, it could somehow end up in a lawsuit for them. Also, I don't know if other countries have a law like that. It's just "easier" to create one advertisement and change the language instead of creating multiple different advertisements for multiple countries.   Also, in the age of internet, it's clear that if Samsung advertises their glass 4x stronger than an iPhone in the UK, people outside of the UK would still pick it up and well... it wouldn't end up good I guess.
My note 20 Ultra is terrible at voice recognition
My LG V60 is still the best speech recognition
We are still in the Primitive age of cell phones
Arun now wearing wedding band
At 0:17, one can actually see a guy in the back catching the phone  @Mrwhosetheboss threw 😂
No comments on what I've said regarding the zooms and the brightness?  This is something I've been privy to just by using the phones.  And this is my first ever Galaxy being the 23 Ultra.   I'm just wondering if we're just jumping the gun and getting these reviews out sooner rather than later as opposed to actually utilizing the devices to their fullest.  And I get the idea of just clicking the damn shutter button and either taking your photo or capturing some video, but one can try to click on the item or individual being captured and make things so much better output-wise in the end.   Something like more accurate contrast and or brightness is truly easy to do with a touch of the screen. One could even do it on both devices to keep parity.
I love the AI, it'll make life allot easier, looks great
me smiling already😁😁😁
I wondered why other tech reviewers used clips of your video to talk on the new phone, but having watched this myself. I have to agree yours is the most detailed review of the new S24 out there. You hit this straight out of the park. This makes MKHB review look like child's play.    🤝 great job sir
honestly, those ai live translation features will be so clutch for working with latinx people at work.  i can properly train my team without worrying about how im coming off.
Min 7:38  🤣🤣Can we get a montage of you tripping on the staircase, and music video perhaps
Samsung >>>>> Apple anyday
Finally with this phone i can watch batman and see the full action.
Same phone as previous 5 series just new crapsynos new GPU and useless AI.  And worst thing is absolutely no innovation no accesories in box and even the cheapest A05 or A13 looks exactly same as S23 and 1500 price.  Most other competitors every year output different flagships with lot of innovation and a suoper fast charging.  Having laughable 25W in 2024 is mEh.  If anyone liking casual samsung bloatware he or she definitely needs a better brand to buy.  Oneplus 12 for example. Compared to that Samsung is nothing just expensive brick.
I hate Samsung but I can't fault this Great vid Arun
Samsung all time best ❤❤
S24 and S24+ reviews would be fantastic. Especially delving into the Exynos vs Snapdragon differences.
Sharp corners...buy a case for it ...problem solved...
2:00 "Set Back" my arsee !!! You always complain about curve display LMAO WHY YOU SUDDENLY CONSIDERING AS IF IT IS NOT YOUR ASK FOR?
14:05 Bias much? Calling pixel generative as gimmicky and praise on Samsung. We know the bias and money situation (Influence beggar)
Nothing interesting here. Phone companies still flexing their gorilla glass😂
CAN I HAVE THE IPHONE THEN? /j
S23A
2:26. Top and bottom have the same boder size. I thought Apple had a patent for it. Maybe Samsung paid or Apples patent isn't exist anymore. 12:40 Im watching your Video at 60fps with this feature by AMD Fluid Motion Frames. Its absolutely great. But many AI features still run on my Pixel 4.
AI features is free until the end of 2025 and then we have to purchase monthly subscription
😂Before I watched the video there was an advertisement from Apple: "Switch to the iPhone" 😂
Fuck AI... Its litterally the end of the world tech dressed up as "something funny" for the common masses, "sheeps" to accept it easier...   - An IT guy
I don't mind the sharp corners if they could just reduce the size of the phone but they made it wider instead.
Samsung just raised the bar way up and I’m certain it won’t be the only company to be outclassing themselves. I wonder how the iPhone 16 will tackle this, I don’t think it will have too many features, but there are gonna be some really refined ones and may be some not so refined ones since AI gets better from learning in alot of cases.
Who use A53 5G
So basically this phone is better than the iPhone 15 pro max in every way
as a hard core samsung fanboy i will say this, their ability to pick up voice especially in a voice to text scenario is at very best pathetic and this has been an issue since samsung started making phones with that ability. its gotten some better but if you have the absolute slightest background noice (im talking a gnat farting 2 planets away) it will hear almost nothing, and understand even less. im not sure if its the software trying to kill off background noise or if its just pathetic garbage microphones but something needs to be done about that and your real time translation will get about 999 quintillion times better instantly
If I'm paying $1500 for a phone, it better be amazing
Im pretty sure iphone user only compare peak performance before so it does matter
This is great, more and more lazy humans
whats even more crazier? the price
If you've ever cracked a screen on the S23 Ultra due to most cases unable to protect it, you'll really appreciate the flat screen...
cool
17:46 😅😂😂😂😂 he said how are you sir and the AI interpretation came out to say, "Eat that sir 😅😂😂😂😂
starting at 1300$ for the s24 thogh and yall saying that 800 dollar iphones are overpriced 😑LOVE THE VIDeO THOGH :)
My battery last all day
Always my dream to use a 60 fps phone
So it runs Free Fire or not?
Samsung S24 ultra AI features only available till 2025 after that it's paid service. With out AI samsung S24 just like a S23 . Apart from that no updates for this Year.
Buying an apple phone its great for unable knowing what to do!  A real apple would be an KDE phone like android be a bit!  Gnome and apple are only automatic and u do what system want? My friend using apple and if some working scary u searching lik stupied for fx it and find out its not going on a so closed system more worthless then windows a decade ago!
90% of this features you have in app or play store, you dont need to spend 1500$ for stupid things you will never use. Even in my huawei mate 20 pro from 2018 i have half of this features  ( AI pics, translate in real time, or other useless things). This is just a hype.
I love this square form!  I had enough from round screens and loving this seamless square mobile phone.  Samsung hurray and support its great. Xiaomi and china phones great about marketing and never deliver support for years!
Best Review Ever
*P O K É M O N*
No it's the same mind numbing habit building anxiety creating device with more gimmicks, nothing personal.
The most detailed review ive seen to date
W move from Samsung!
It looks an amazing phone , however since the S23 , the casing seems like a hard drive enclosure for a SSD drive. Or is it just me ?
There's just not enough reason to "upgrade" from The S22 Ultra. I'm thinking S26 Ultra will be the plan unless they do something wild like include an IR blaster, headphone jack, and or sd card slot. Yeah I know not happening but neither is me "upgrading" my phone
I like the flat bottoms. Allows you to balance it on the table
Samsung have green line issues.... 😂😂😂😂
Bullshit. My 22 ultra had the same resolution of the 24 in camera images, however do to all the updates made my 22 ultra become worse, so that I would buy their new phone. It's all business
I heard samsung s24 ultra uses exynos not snapdragon
How about the transition from the front video camera to the rear video (and vis versa) - I currently get a 1 to 3-second delay with the Ultra 23.... that I used 99% of the time doing my youtube videos.  thanks.
Nah,I wont leave my S23 Ultra for this. Nope.. I went from Note 10+ to S23 Ultra and it was worth it
So they rook the s22 and s23 and merged them
Great review! The visuals contradict some of the things you say (there's a clear difference in the 10x zoomed pictures you show for example), but overall you're not missing much!
Can I get 1 device sir please 😳🙏🙏🙏🙏
Samsung is a phone of my dream coz I use phone for my fashion shoots but the cost is way above what I make here... One day soon
You mean Google AI is great. Buy a Pixel for a real AI experience. Not sure how you miss the obvious.
The real question is, should I trade in my phone for this one OR wait till next year and see if they get better next year?
Umm i think arun should hide his car number 😅
But what about that Apple Watch?
does it have an FM radio ?
Finally we can become work free, care less, lazy and useless , as AI can take all of our pain way 😊
Got mine already😊
I do not even have the means to use the s10 plus yet, you guys released s ultra 24 ?? Mhhhh,, God when ??
but do i need a case for it? I am switching from a 21 so unsure of that haha.
Who even cares. It’s the same as last years apart from the useless AI and in theory some better cameras that will fill the void of narcissistic hipsters. Mobile Tech became 200% boring
At about 19 minutes and 30 seconds you were talking about a feature and it seems like you had a problem with that feature because why would you write something in one tone and then ask it to rewrite it in a different tone I would think it would be meant to write in the tone you want and then you're getting options in the same tone maybe it writes it better?
The biggest update i liked in the video is About Trisha ❤ Congratulations brother
samsung needs to slow down phones coming out too quickly
Aaj Mera birthday hai 🎉 koi to wish kar do 😢😢
I usually enjoy your content but now i am convinced that this chanel is just for promoting phones not focusing on quality of information given to the end user... This is sad just like Lines Tech tips...Churning out bad data and posting a pin comment that ups...i had that wrong...not even going the extra mile to delete the video and redo it... Just goes to show in a world where there is absolutely no consecvent for producing bad data you will get that.. vhit almoust 18 Milion folowers you should have some respect for the people who folow your advice.
0:18 dude catching the phone at background 😂
people dont use phones without cases
Might just be me but having to touch up photos with AI mostly just makes them look odd. Prefer to have raw processed images
Rooter just got me 3:41
Samsung AI is a joke. Samsung keybroad can not even translate the statement correctly from voice to text. It's such a basic AI fearure. Obviously, google does a much better job.
Come S25, you will say bad things about S24 and ditch it over S25… you’ll do the same come S26.. S27…. S100…
Lucky guy
does it understand swahili😅
He……he……. Changed…..he’s not an apple user anymore 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Does this phone really helpful for live call captions in any language as i am hearing impaired eagerly looking for phone which helps me by captioning the live call   Please respond
Finaly no curved screen. And i have no monry for it.😅😅 just got z fold 5
I’ve never had a Samsung, I’ve always been with Apple but this will be my first time buying a Samsung, I’m a little worried about switching over but I think it’s time to leave Apple
this guy fully using phonk in the background i fairly managed to get by the end of 6th minute
Samsung : releases a new phone every year with better cameras😮  Meanwhile me whose watching this video on a galaxy j7 prime which doesn't even have 2 cameras 😂
I only have the iPhone XR unfortunately 😂, just cannot afford an upgrade at all so have to make do with what I have🥺🤣🤣, love watching your videos btw, intrigues/educates me so much on technology etc😁
Can use notes to make resumes
Damn...this will literally give me courage to sleep In class, coz I am not gonna miss notes from now on ..oh wait..I don't have s24u 🥲
A lot of these new features (primarily AI related) seem kinda half done. Hopefully most will be addressed by launch because I think it would be better to make it make sense first time.
Surprisingly, no YouTubers are discussing the fact that these AI features are only available until 2025. If these four to five features lose their value after 2025, then we must acknowledge that the S24 Ultra is not an upgrade but merely an update. It doesn't offer anything significantly different despite being advertised as the start of a new era. 😂😂😂
I switched from the iPhone pro max to Samsung ultra and I can tell you it’s the best thing I’ve ever done! That iPhone is still living in the dark ages! Samsung spends huge amounts on research whilst stingy iPhone spends pennies in comparison. What can you expect from a greedy stale apple?
The Samsung S24's 90 degree sharp frame corners will result in when the phone is dropped on one of those four corners do to friction is going to dig in to the floor, create a dead stop instead of sliding away dissipating momentum resulting in the momentum transferring immediately on sudden stop all the kinetic energy stored up magnified to the S24 phones fragile glass frame corner on floor impact. Result.....constant cracked screens to replace. Basic physics, energy + design flaw + sudden stop + fragile glass material = broken glass, or at least gouged out metal frame corners after a few inevitable drops now with sharp metal shareds to dig into / cut / wear on your palm's skin even more uncomfortable than when a 90 degree corner leaves an uncomfortable to hold flesh dent imprint.
I'm waiting for new OS: Fed up with Andriod, IOS, Windows..... Praise the lord.
Leave the corners alone thanks. Round corners is a 2000's design choice and it can stay there.
We are waiting for the pixel 8 pro update!! It's been 3 months
I just wish the phone had rounded corners
Hey arun, do you mind doing a video on samsung tabs because my son is planing to get a tab but unsure what it is.
The camera zooms "CAN BE" changed on the 23 ultra one just needs to use the zoom as a slider and not a button for selection.   And you can do it with 8k, or 4k 60/30fps too.  And if you want to compare the brightness of screens one needs to turn off "ADAPTIVE BRIGHTNESS" so that the screens will get to their brightness.    Please, please, please address these two things as they do make the phones much more similar than the comparison makes it out to be.
LOL what are Trump rallies gonna sound like with bullet point summaries? Uuuuuuh I have no brain Uuuuu America has no brain Uuuuu someone kill me already
Can you turn the AI ... off 🤔 If not ... the EU will come with somewhat...
Make a review on asus rog phone 8 pro
ahhhhhhh finally I was waiting for tou to review itt
it feels like an s22 ultra pro plus
Switching to this phone as your daily but still wearing your Apple watch in the video? Hmm.
Here, i'm glad to hear this from you brother, 2:27 HALLELUJAH! 🙋😅
What they don't tell you that with the prior battery capacity and prior version of processor the phone due to 'cosmetic' updates and AI may perform slaggish... right? (lol)
Apple will re introduce same features after 4-5 years and pretend that they are really revolutionary.
Did anyone notice the guy behind him catching the phone that he threw? (Check out 00:16) 😅
~Are you making an entire movie on camera comparison !? Why are you so late man !?
Crazy, but IT'S JUST a SOFTWARE!!! I can leave with my S22U.. will see what S26 will bring.. (yes, 26). I'd rather see all that with flip (size/power/camera, and attacheable keyboad on top of SPen included).
missed an opportunity to say "a sub to the channel would be gray-t" 😂
Yes finally a flat screen 😂😂
Hello, have you check Vivo X100 and X100 Pro? Apart from processor and AI, the rest seems better than any android phone and IPhone.
It might seem crazy what imma bout to say but I am gonna say it anyways. My 200 dollar huawei phone has the ai search feature from 2019. It might not be as advanced as this Samsung but it does the job. You can access it by going to app search and choose the scanner. Then select objects
21:20 doubt
This is awesome 🎉🎉🎉🎉I wish I had one
Are you holding the s24 ultra or you holding the s23
Can you do a video on why the nokia lumia failed? That was genuinely one of my favourite phones at the time.
That's a true review indeed!
삼성 화이팅~~~!
Every Youtuber focusing on cameras but in general they don't used phones to record videos  except the flat display i don't think samsung make a big deal . Only USA will get snapdragon varients
Watching this video because I know I can't have this and try it myself😅
Samsung to the world 🎉🎉❤
Talk wonderful of Samsung, with apple watch 😂
no one need a new telescope !
AI going to end the world....And we are part of this..
apple is loosing i swear
Phone colors, side and back materials mean absolutely nothing to me. I always have my phone in a bulky case so I never see any of it. The phone could be poop brown plastic for all I care. I will never understand why people buy a $1500 phone with fancy glass and titanium, and then carry it around with no case. You drop it once and it's ruined. I carried my S9+ for more than 5 years and it looks almost brand new. I know people with naked phones that are a year old and they are beat to hell with cracked screens.
same phone different one ui
cool to see they called a better phone copying a not so good phone
My OneDrive account was inactive for last 3 months. I didn’t knew about the new privacy statements.  My OneDrive account is automatically deleted. Is there any way to restore my account?  Please answer me🥺
Mrwhosetheboss buy me Samsung S24 Ultra hahah Great Video as always <3
The titanium is really good because it makes the phone weight a lot less , isn’t it ?
Bro I really want to see the comparison in the iPhone 15 pro and the S24 ultra dude, in my opinion it is a close battle dude bro
Come on Aron we are waiting for your camera comparison of 15 pro max vs S24 ultra. Please do it quick❤
Unfortunely, no snapdragon version on south east asia , only exynos, boo to samsung, but i don't have money to buy this phone anyway 😅
What are you say？😢
Hi brother, where is the comprising  video
Please make comparison video of samsung s24 ultra vs Vivo x100 pro
The best thing in this video, he said *Twitter* rather than X. Cheers 🍵
Great video as always!  Question: Do you know if these AI photo editing features will only work on the Samsung Gallery app, or will they work on the Google Photos app as well?
🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹🥹 welcome to another episode of things that we cannot buy...
I have the s21. I've been waiting a couple of phone generations before updating cause 1 generation usually doesn't upgrade enough to make it worth it. I'm going to try skipping this generation and get the s25, mainly for money reasons, but also gives Samsung time to put more AI stuff in there next phone and fix what needs fixing.
0:15 credits to that guy who's catching the iPhone in the background
This guy switching phones like it's nothing😢
Wish you showed us how to activate these features.
Can you imagine if Apple did this first? None of it would be streamlined into the apps etc. That's apples mo. No settings in the app, it's all separated. Can't wait to watch apple try this.
I love EVERYTHING about my S23 Ultra, except for its curved screen. Going flat for the S24 Ultra is definitely the way to go
What is the cost?
Who can gift me an S23 Ultra?😢
the a i should learn over time with the languages
Why Samsung is doing partiality on some countries? I don't understand in some countries s24 and s24+ are coming with eznoys processor and in US, China, Japan and Canada they are providing snapdrangon 8gen 3, But why you are doing this partiality, We are also giving you the money .
Mrwhosetheboss are you going to switch to Samsung please don't 😢?
There would have been a normal cup instead of Starbucks cup If they weren't payed you  Consider about Palestinian children please
Brawo Samsung starts to focus on software features as AI.
silly to criticize it for not understanding pokemon character names... 🙄
Oh Man! My not-even one year old S23 Ultra is old now!
A question about the live translate feature: can you set more than just one language as "do not translate"?
.com 1998
I live in Korea and I'm not remotely surpsied the auto-translation is crap. I can't wait to see how bad it is with Korean and English 😂
No normal person watching yt and fb needs above 4 gb of ram. People like me will use the 12 bc I edit alot of stuff and map with drones. I need like 20 gb of ram. So they need to put them down to say 6 safely that's enough for games and the battery will last alot longer and they'll stay alot cooler.
And note 20 ultra is still up to par if not better.
2 hours battlegrounds. And no heat!
What suck about this phone no external micro 1tb micro sd thats why i wont buy it im just waiting for the tesla phone that will out do every phone. It'll take years for the teslsa phone to come out maybe 2026 or 2027 because tesla is taking theor own sweet time to make everything perfect they are working on alot of things lime the tesla network for their phone
hello please try to review the Honor x9b 5G
I'll stick with my S21. 99% useless shit that 99% of people owning phones either don't use or maximize
Why can't i use 100x in manual mode which was possible earlier
Looks like Xiaomi mi3
I’m an iPhone guy but I still love to know about other phones
EVERYONE gets a case for their phone, so why does the square edge that digs into your hand matter? Same with the color of the phone.
I am watching on my s21. It has a flat screen.
do a iphone vs samsung plzzz
Rooter? Router. How do you say Out?
This is really a massive upgrade  ✅✅  Samsung users will now have more reasons to mock at iPhone users But the Ai in it really makes it the best 💯
I hate to say this but Samsung phone software is actually quite decent now and the apps are very well thought out, almost like an honest to God living breathing human being used the thing for a period of time and then improvements were made to the design. I don't know what this new fangled "listening to customers" business is but I sure hope it catches on.  Having said that, Samsung totally suck on privacy. If I block their Health app from internet access, it won't even let me access the data generate Don my own bloody device!
What are you going to do with all that phone design...its going to be hidden behind some phonecase anyway
Honestly this is why i love Samsung 😭
I'm still using the s21 ultra, it's just been updated with the new software, and it's great, soke of the features you talk about are now available on the s21 ultra, happy days
Photoshop in phone  I think thats it
Too much money
Does the Galaxy S24 Ultra have a MicroSD Slot and a Microphone Jack? That woul make it more useful!
Apple stay behind developing anything   They sell u the same thing every year with old android features and old Samsung features
They could improve the hardware design a bit. However software upgrades with AI may look primitive now but will be indesensable in a couple of years.
The software changes are actually mainly googles android update that changed the UI, not Samsung itself
I don't see how this phone is better than the iphone 15 😂😂.. What's the need of having ai that dont work.?
Nice phone! I'm ready to upgrade from the S22! Got any coupon codes, Mrwhosetheboss?
Man if google uses this chip for the next pixel.....
Do they a micro sd slot?
Thank you
This sounds stupid but will I be able to get the ai features on s23 ultra??? I don't want to change my phone yet its still really new 😫
Now you can use your screen as a flashlight
Al Thermal Conductivity (W/m·K) is more than 200, Ti is less thaan 20 🤦‍♂
Looks exactly the same. 🤷🏾‍♂️
I've heard rumors that the s23 ultra will get the ai phone translation..is this true?
Apparently the features are only free for 2024 and 2025, so they're going to charge you to use the features built into the phone after a while
No, I believe that’s iPhone and Samsung Is just waste of money.
The anti-glare feature of the new gorilla-glass is actually working & it's great!   PS: Thanks that's the most useful and fun to watch review of the S24U :)
Too much zooming in transitions man, this isn't a music video lol
😴
I hate the curve edge. My fingers are always on the sidebar, no matter where I move the sidebar. I'm glad they got rid of it. 😁
Setting the bar!!!
I want one but I do t hvae money ☹️
No charger, no headphones and still lousy storage (pay for extra) with no SD slot and basic 8 GB RAM. Guess I'm keeping my 4 year old s20 12GB RAM + 1TB SD card that came with superfast charger and AKG headphones. If it's about environment stop producing "new" phones every year 😅
Pls can I get a phone that I can use pls I don't have a phone and I am in United Kingdom
That Starbucks cup .... 😮
Wha happens to the phones after content???😢
The German translation was far way from being on point, Holy ;D
I wish you test the s24+ as well as the s24 .Not everyone is interested in the ULTRA model.Some people want a real phone rather than a brick in their hand.
I give it a 9.8/10
Im happy enough with my note 10+5G 512gb 12gb ram
🖕🏼🖕🏿🖕🏿🖕🏾🖕🏾🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏽🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏼🖕🏼🖕🏿🖕🏾🖕🏻🖕🏽AI
Happy to see it, but still can't afford it lol
As an autistic person who struggles with communication and writing things correctly in the right tone I think this could be super helpful to help with different scenarios. All the other things are super cool too.
It would be awesome if you'd also look into the quality of the selfie/frontal camera and the night vision. I have noticed that my Samsung 22 Plus Ultra doesn't make as good quality selfies (same with photos made with the back camera) as I thought it would, compared to an Iphone camera. Also the photo's made with my samsung seem to be more cool toned. The Iphone camera tends to be more accurate colour and quality wise, even though I don't like to admit it. The photos just look more crisp and pretty.  I also have the feeling that my camera sometimes disorts my facial proportions.   I hope you review these aspects of the camera and photo quality as well next time🙌
S22,23,24 all looks same lol
Please make a detailed comparison between the Exynos  and Snapdragon variant. Really curious to see the performance of the Exynos 2400. Hopefully Exynos doesn't disappoint this time like they did the last time.
Samsung and Corning Gorilla Glass are right across the street from each other in Cheonan South Korea. I know this because I used to install at Samsung Corp. Their Glass encapsulation equipment Made by Kateeva Corp in Northern Ca. USA.
where is ur t-shirt from please?
Bro whats rhe thing u recorded with ?
But can you turn off the AI-trickery when making a picture?
Beautiful gay man
SCARY
Please recommend privacy shields for the lenses 🙏
Thanks Google pixel for putting iPhone in it place with the battery drain test damn cheating and talking about it's good, apple put your phone at high resolution and let put that bionic chip to the test
This is fucking android software why my s34 dont have that AI?
Love this video but Mr whose I know you're not going to see this message but when you're doing that battery test could you please let people know that the iPhone is running at a lower resolution than the Samsung so the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 is always the king iPhone bionic chipset couldn't touch it especially if they run it at the same resolution like Samsung OnePlus and other 3120x1440p Android phone, so you guys when you please let people know that this iPhone is running at a lower resolution please
I like the baroque background in 13:17 😂
Another hard pass, holding onto my S22 Ultra for another year.
I'm glad to announce iAI to yours. this is best AI we ever made.
Speaking of AI, there are so, so many, AI comments.
They reinvented Lumia 920 design
🎯 Key Takeaways for quick navigation:  00:00 📱 *New Samsung Galaxy s24 Ultra Design* - Updated design with flatter and less rounded elements. - New satin finish for better fingerprint resistance. - Matte textured side rails and new color options. 01:09 🛠️ *Hardware Upgrades and Design Comparison* - Shift from aluminum to Titanium frame for strength and heat conductivity. - Introduction of a flat display for the first time since 2015. - Notable comparison to iPhone 15 Pro's design similarities. 03:15 🔄 *Hardware Upgrades: RAM, Speaker, Wi-Fi, and Display* - Increase in RAM from 8 to 12 GB. - Redesigned internal speaker funnel for improved audio clarity. - Support for Wi-Fi 7, with up to four times faster speed than Wi-Fi 6E. 03:54 📱 *Display Enhancements: Brightness, Glass, and Gorilla Glass Armor* - 12% increase in screen responsiveness. - Significant brightness boost to 2600 nits. - Upgrade to Gorilla Glass Armor for enhanced scratch resistance and reduced screen glare. 05:20 🚀 *Powerful Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Chip* - Introduction of Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip for peak performance. - Custom version for Galaxy with even faster speeds. - Focus on controlling temperatures and improving battery life. 06:30 🧠 *Introduction to Galaxy AI and AI-Powered Features* - Samsung's emphasis on the role of AI in the new flagship phone. - Mention of AI cores in the chipset for on-device language models. - Teasing AI-related features beyond cameras. 07:11 📷 *Camera Updates: 200MP Main Camera and Pro Visual Engine* - Refreshed 200MP main camera with faster photo capture. - Introduction of the Pro Visual Engine for improved color accuracy and smoothness. - Better noise reduction algorithms for both front and rear cameras. 08:34 🎥 *Camera Innovations: 4K 120fps, 5x Zoom, and Video Capabilities* - Ability to record 4K and 120fps simultaneously. - Replacement of 10x zoom lens with a more versatile 5x zoom lens. - Introduction of improved capabilities for zoomed-in video recording. 11:22 📱 *Software Updates: One UI 6.1 and Software Aesthetics* - Introduction of One UI 6.1 based on Android 14. - Redesigned drop-down menu, dynamic widgets, and jazzier aesthetics. - Positive remarks on Samsung's software direction and support. 12:19 🧠 *AI Features Overview: Generative Wallpaper, Image Editing, Voice Meeting App* - Generative wallpaper allowing customization of continuous unique images. - AI image editing capabilities for instant effects and generative editing. - Introduction of an upgraded voice meeting app with AI-driven features. 13:15 📸 *AI Image Editing: Instant Effects and Generative AI Editor* - Instant effects for quick photo enhancements with one tap. - Generative AI editor for moving subjects, erasing distractions, and more. - Acknowledgment of being a polished and accessible entry into AI editing. 14:37 🗣️ *AI Voice Meeting App: Recording, Transcription, and Summarization* - Voice meeting app's ability to identify speakers for up to 20 people. - Mixed performance in transcription accuracy, with room for improvement. - Highlighting the impressive capability of summarizing meetings and translating them. 15:49 🌐 *General Impressions on AI Features* - Varied impressions on AI features, from instant slow-mo to generative wallpaper. - Recognition of both strengths and areas for improvement in AI-related functionalities. - Overall positive outlook on the integration of AI in the flagship phone. 16:03 📝 *Notes App Organization* - The notes app can now use AI to organize documents with headers, subheaders, and bullet points. - AI can summarize points and add an automatic cover page for easy navigation. - Magic at your fingertips with AI-driven document organization, scoring 9 out of 10. 16:59 🌐 *Live Translation Feature* - Live translation feature allows seamless communication across language barriers. - Real-time translation with the option to mute and hear translated portions only. - Phone's understanding of spoken language needs improvement, currently rating at 5 out of 10. 18:10 🔍 *Circle to Search Feature* - Circle to search feature lets you highlight and Google any specific object. - Useful for situations where articulating into words might be challenging. - Implemented well, scoring 8 out of 10 for its simplicity and practicality. 18:52 ⌨️ *Smart Keyboard with Chat Assist* - Smart keyboard includes chat assist for translation, writing style, and grammar checks. - Writing style suggestions provide different tones, aiming to enhance conversational typing. - Overall, powerful features for communication and writing, scoring 8 out of 10. 20:18 🌐 *Integration of AI into Existing Apps* - Samsung seamlessly integrates AI features into existing apps, enhancing user experience. - Weaved AI features into everyday apps reduce friction and make tasks quicker. - Consideration for on-device AI tasks for speed, reliability, and data safety, receiving a pass. 21:57 🚀 *Overall Assessment* - Solid hardware upgrade, flexible and fun software, and exciting prospects with AI integration. - AI features are about 50% on-device, addressing regions globally on day one. - Initial assessment is positive, recognizing the rough edges but acknowledging a good start, especially in weaving AI into the phone effectively.
Lol the man seh prasie the lord😅😅😅😅😂😂😂
17:23 is that Murph from Interstellar?
It's the accent that's the problem most likely
Need a screen protector test to see which one compliments the anti reflectiveness of the new screen
I test it today. It feels so cheap in the hand, it feels like plastic, the screen feels cheap also, i liked the display, the resolution and the colors, but the feeling in the hand is far inferior comparing it with the Iphone.
so.. .long story short, samsung started to copy xiaomi powerplant, and the addded just more of ai to it, so now you can take evene more fake photos? i doo understand that its feature..
Sorry to say but your ascent and pronunciation of the words is very bad  Relax man say it soft clear slow
Huge steps backward; 1. Sharp corners  2. No headphone or aux in jack
S23 ultra king
People who say “mrwhosetheboss is meat riding Apple” are the most ignorant people.
It's still bullshit 🤨.
The curve screen is dope...i miss it
Mkbhd is losing to aron in terms of views these days🎉,,, is it good or bad i can't tell 😅
I wanted to see the hands on experience of Samsung s24, but I was waiting for you're video to popup on my feed. Thanks man. I like you're videos so much. Don't know why❤❤❤
Boycott Starbucks
Where is the usual comparison video waiting for that
its 2 am here though i don't have enough money to buy this phone but I'm still watching him and wondering,,,,,,
how is the 4k 120 fps video recording?
I think you can't give it to me🤨
Getting more then the iPhone 😌
Watching every second of this on my 2014 Xiaomi phone ⚡
Still using fingerprint scanner in 2024?? No Face ID??
is samsung becoming a pixel in these ai features
Unlike IPhone, Samsung actually changes their phones😂
People love Samsung for reasons. It's also becoming another iphone..😢😢
Nag punta na dyan si boss harald eh
Buti kapa nag uunbox nalang injian kaba
Do make a comparison with  the exynos varients .. also make video about s24 Exynos
My favorite YouTuber ❤️. Appreciate if you wouldn't portrait "⭐💵" in your videos as they support the genocide currently taking place by occupation forces in Palestine
Nah. Keep the S23 Ultra. Even the S22 Ultra.
Didn't even know their was a s 24
Bro 😭gift me please
My s22 Ultra has 12 gigs of ram....? This S24 isn't the first time for that amount.
Does the flat screen mean that there is no more edge panel?
Gorilla Armour 4x stronger , surely the competition is obvious,  and you are an " expert " doing YT videos on the latest phones 📱,  like cmon ???
Samsung lovers click the like button 🥳🥰
All I wanna know is does this phones brightness stay at 100% whilst I’m sat on Dubais beach in the summer for over 6 min
I don't want to say Samsung's AI isn't impressive(it seems much better than Google's), but the Google Pixel had Magic Editor, Portrait Suggestions, Summarization, Speaker Recognition on Voice Recording( on all Pixel phones too), AI wallpapers, Live Translate, Google Lens(been there for years), AI message help(not as sophisticated), Message Translation(with automatic detection), and more that I probably don't remember.
333ms looks good on paper but the difference of 95ms though is faster who is going to see 95ms quicker. Its just another way to market a new phone with meaningless stats. Remember Retina, your eyes cant seebetter than this screen (Iphone). Que the next Iphone with a new improved screen (on paper yes) that in real life use you could not see the difference. I have Sony with a 4k screen and sounds good in the specs but no different looking than 2k screens as its a small phone screen not a wall projection. Not sure why they bring out phones every year, better to bring out a phone that is genuineley giving you more than meaningless statistics and a different enclosure material. As said in the video, even the glass has new miracle properties every few months 🤣🤣🤣 oh and my Sony has has 4K 120 slow mo on all the phones camera lenses since last year.
So s24U is for anyone who didnt get the s23U and wants a new phone in the box . Other than that s23U is much better specially cz u can pay half the price these days for one
😢 promoted star bagz 😢 unsubscribed !
wow.. starbukks are really trying their hardest to hop on every form of advertisement to battle the boycott ha!
Interesting to note how Samsung mocked Apple for boring (consistent) design year on year but has finally accepted consistency is what you need to sell a premium flagship & create a sub-brand within a brand. S22-s24, the minorest of design change, now going to a flat screen, symmetry in besel, even adopting Titanium. Damn, increases my respect for Apple’s vision on design, way ahead of the rest.
The best reviewer on Earth ❤️
These tech corporations don't need to spend money on advertisments for their product anymore.the tech tuber have become their P.R.the youtuber is the perfect comercial macine!
This channel minus is about testing a game in a new phone.....
The artificial smartphone is the first step in the competition. Good Samsung started before others
Yo wtf. Starbucks. Damn man didnt thought i would unfollow a tech Channel for These reasons
I'm buying one S24!
Can't wait to see what the pixel 9pro will be like
Thank you Samsung. Now we can get even brighter green and purple lines in this new screen.
i phone cursed samsung
It takes a magnifying glass to tell the difference between these phones.
Does the new screen offer new colored lines after updates? I'm getting bored of only getting green and purple lines in my screen.
Check jerry rig video on how much titanium is on the iphone. i imagine is the same on samsung.
A purely paid review.... Almost a commercial... The phone might be good, agreed, but this is not how you review
This looks like an amazing upgrade, but nowhere near the girlfriend upgrade you've made. Congratulations!!
Technical mrbeast
I can just imagine how much this guy got paid..  PS: you only review the product but not their usage
They could have made these updates in a software updates But no!😔
How can any Phone campare to samsung ???
Mister is married now? Look at that shiny ring
Damn, This video explained everything better than Galaxy Unpacked, I hope they put you in their program next year to talk about it
I'd say you should check the classic ringtone of the company... You know what I'm talking about right? 📱🎶🏆
This phone just came out how did this guy managed to learn almost everything about this latest AI powered Samsung, that's awesome buddy.
so samsung offered an AI friend. less connection with real world. well good for those who aren't into physical social circle
I would like to buy it......but No Money and no luck😂😂😂😂 (Smile in Pain)
hi
I'm happy with my Note 10+. 😅
I still have Samsung s5 I need a up grade pls for school work I know you but pls if you get this pls think about it
Bro we're waiting for your comparison video..
so just spent another 1000 plus pounds for a brighter screen?..... right. :</
Did they fix the fact that when u send a video to someone, u have to cut it to 3 seconds and the quality is garbage?
So another update like any iphone nothing new repacked thats all nooe thanks samsung😊
How to identify original s24 ultra and fake s24 ultra pls do video about this 🙏🙏
A camera and performance update will come to the s24 series on the 23rd. I think that's when the testing should be done (This is a copy and pasted text, i am too lazy to see which phone won in the comparison, so if the samsung won then it will be even better with the update, if it lost, it might improve or even beat the iphone after the update, i just want everyone to know this.)
It will take a lot for me to retire my S7 Ultra,it's quite simply the best phone l have  ever owned. I bought it in early 2017 and it's still going strong but this phone does look good. Maybe l will finally change my S7 Ultra for an S24 Ultra .....but not this year. 🤔
compettion is the fruity bitten guys
it's scary how the phone tech is evolving.. 2015 isn't even that far in the past, not even a decade, and see the difference between the two phones!!
Weird wearing an Apple watch while raving about Samsung. Makes me wonder if he'll make a total leap. 🤔 Regardless...great video. I'd rather watch this, then the Samsung unpacked events.
bro JAI SHREE RAM.
Hi bro last 7 years flowing best all time I will support all time
Is it worth upgrade? I have s23 ultra.
since A.I features are software's features, then can anyone tell that can we have it in s22ultra or not?
What do you do with the phones after the videos
thanks for 0 likes😢
Bro everything on this phone is like a v12 biturbo on a car  hella stronk
Great review. I'm not sure why Microsoft didnt make so much noise about their SwiftKey keyboard. It's got the AI and translator feature which I have been using for over half a year now.  0:17 Did anyone see the dude behind trying to catch the phone? 😅😅😂
Feels like it's trying to be a Pixel
13:03 slow motion
I love they've got a flat screen now. Everything just works so much better.
We're however still waiting for the day Arun's voice is used for samsung Bixby or AI. 😌 that's clearly a winning feature.
3:29  speaker funnel change😮😮
May be Apple is paid for Arun to wear the apple iwatch. 😂  We can see his personal phone is iphone
why are you wearing Apple watch when you are reviewing a Samsung phone?
Samsung AI is basicly Bixby Vision. And S23U is powerful enough to perform all the gimmick: discover references, object isolation, etc. Just wait for the 6.1 updates in S23U, and you got all S24U luxury in much lower price.
the way i unliked the second i saw starbucks
The best phone but still you use iphone?😂😂😂
S24 came out meanwhile am watching this on a grand neo plus
i want your take on how/if  samsung's s21 ultra's camera seem to be just as good as the s24 ultra on paper??
Aiit's really crazy. No regulations at all. Nice! Really nice
Man this guy makes a 23min tech video really entertaining,big ups brother. Man this guy makes a 23min tech video really entertaining,big ups brother.
Samsung doin good as a company not sure about Koreans as a society
Samsung was way better than iphone by far but it seems you just woke up from your hibernating mode
Samsumg will forever be an fake iphone
Literally just got the s23😂😂😂 CASH😂😂😂
Why do you say competition  instead of apple
@mrwhosetheboss can you please do the review of S24.
Saw the guy behind below the table actually catch the phone he threw behind 😂 love the review as usual
nobody cares about the AI
And still most people in the USA will say iPhone is better
I have questions for you ,   Is it true? DR. Hamid vice president of Samsung in camera department mentioned about collaboration with third party application like instagram and Snapchat will use native camera which will give super HDR quality in content for creator's.   Have you tried this feature and uploaded anything on Instagram recently with s24 ultra recently ?   I'm so confused to buy in between Samsung  and iPhone. If you can solve my problem that would be great help.
Samsung S146 Ultra
4:23 look at the screen behind his head… Notice the design? Looks like a particular symbol?
I preordered one. Hoping i dont regret it lol. Luckily im getting 1000 bucks for my trade in so that helps a lot.
Watching by Samsung 24 ultra ❤
Curious if that messaging app is Samsung messages or Google Messages?
Imho a gimmick that will be a subscription in 2025 according to their own website
Can I have the s23 ultra
So you're excited Samsung can finally film 4k @120fps, a feature Xperia 1s have had for the past 3 or 4 generations and aggressively marketed it? Ok mr Tech Journalist Youtuber...
So I wait for the S25Ultra. I guess, then it will get mature.
Brother give me one phn please
Awesome review i have seen of galaxy s24 ultra so far ... Keep it up Bro 🤛
We have to pay a subscription monthly for ai features after 2025 its in Samsung website
After video shooting it buffers or that round round for may be 2 sec reduced 1.5 sec 😂😂😂😂 Snapdragon gen 5 +++😂😂😂 A16 is nice bro neural engines +++😂😂😂😂
isnt glaxy ai also coming on s23?
0:16 people who have seen a person in the back catch the phone like
Preordered 24 ultra. Can't wait 🔥🔥🔥
Nice 👍
1:50 i still use that phone , its 2024 💀💀
I hate the flat Screen on the ultra and the wider frame on the s23 and s23+ It looks like an iphone
I love the "come from a Samsung" to sneakily hide that Apple/Google/etc. does it better.
Damnn I'm a iPhone user but seriously thinking of getting this phone.
Now I'm waiting for Apple to show their AI. They have a high bar to clear but I believe with all their money they can do it.
Google implemented all those features in pixels phones first and way better
Sponsored review😢
It is sad to see smart companies who are really making inventions have less selling products then brands which are good but so basic like Apple
Cant wait for the jerryrig teardown video. Lets see if the titanium is better then whatever apple duckttaped together.
Phones becomes a joke, why to buy this shit for 2k? when you can have one for 200 with similar futures? I have Mi 9t for 2,5 years, works like a charm, no bugging no lagging, like I bouth him yesterday. Do not waste your money on shit.
🎉
This phone is way too heavy.
Hey @Mrwhosetheboss in Minute 8:28 you are talking about the Camera App and that you can zoom from 0.5 to 10x zoom smoothly and clearly. I recently upgraded from an iPhone Xs Max to an iPhone 15 Pro Max, paid over 1,5k on it and the Camera zoom is SO MUCH WORSE than the zoom on my iPhone Xs Max.. On my old phone the zoom was very very smooth and with the new phone it is very buggy, it randomly jumps arround and stuff. Have you or any other tech guys here encountered similar issues? My iPhone from 5 years ago had a better Camera experience than my new phone.. Thats embarassing for Apple in my Opinion.
Thanks for this!
Im gonna say the truth the sharpness and the triangle shape is the reason why I don't choose iphone bc iphone well it has a great quality but it's round and samsung is sharp and triangle and it has an spen
When we say "too much is too bad", it applies to AI as well. I'd give it a hard pass, and recommend the S23 Ultra to folks as they aren't really missing out on much besides the "AI" that's quite hyped in the video. Not trying to call anyone out, as being 'truly honest' with reviews leads to viewer loss and whatnot but this truly feels like a marketing ploy than one's own experience per se.
I just saw the person behind you catch the phone you threw XD, was I the only one who noticed ??
Pretty objective criticism, but I just hope Samsung hasn't been listening to you for too long, 😅👍
I'm not sure whether u'll read this comment or not..  I really wanted to see where all the phones and other things that u throw away landed..could u make a video of it..
Hallelujah!!!! The daily Jesus devotional has been a huge part of my transformation, God is good, after years of addiction to drugs and sins God chased me down as I earn $142,500 monthly. My life and family has changed, Thank you Jesus!!!!
The best Samsung ❤❤
I think Samsung need to work on building more powerful prosessor than snapdragon processor to compete with apple so that they can differentiate from other Android phones
paid shill
Hand feel is better than 23 Ultra
They've done it. Im pretty sure there is NO debate right now, after Steve Jobs quit the scene Apple downfall was basically assured. Bow down to Samsung, Iphone users! This year, they've CRUSHED Apple.
when samsung fans saying iphones just look the same.. ok..
You know AI is another gimmick when it's being marketed on the new phones  like AI isn't some software update that can be made on old phones...scam
The display section looks like that of ZTE Nubia Red Magic  9 / 9 pro.
Will Galaxy AI be roller over to S23 ultra
So you mean to say that titanium which has a thermal conductivity of 17 w/mk conducts heat faster than aluminium??
I need the s24 Samsung i use all Samsung phone I have Samsung a70 ,cool ,I want light_green & brown & silver
I can't believe that @Mrwhosetheboss actually started the video with showing 3 S series phones that are similar, when the iPhone have been identical for so many years.
this is terrible 😮
what is the backround music on 8:26
I've been looking for ways to progress my languages learning... this phone looks like a winner.  Setting all incoming messages to another language would really help day to day learning.
Stop overacting
18:54 ain't no way bro rickrolls us like that
Advertisement laws do not allow one product to say theirs is better than another by name without proving it. Hence why commercials say, leading brands, other competition, etc.
Samsung desigs were terrible
Those tech reviewers always end up using IPhones regardless on how they praise the prowess of other phones.
Again Samsung just copying iPhone with the all new titanium that iPhone did like 4 months ago
I think, it is now time to ditch my iphone.
I see another trash Samsung smartphone. With nothing new interesting Funktion.
bro can u help me plzzz
rooter - router. ROOT / ROUTE
I HOPE U BE HEALTHY ❤
Capitalism rots your brain... I just got the 23 ultra... its the same Phone... all this could just have been a software update...
15:10 - What a coincidence! Few hours before watching your video my daughter is making me guess the name of a pokemon with squirrel looking character on it. lol!
Good phone @sudais Abdallah
Waste of money
Will it have chat GPT?
I see a band on that left hand! Congrats!
Did anyone notice the guy behind him catching phone😂
There are Phones with 5000 Nits! For half the money? Honor 6 pro for example 😉 10x optical zoom gone 😢 for "upscaling" ai
Bro who catch the phone?
Eagerly waiting for your camera comparison video between iPhone 15 pro max vs samsung s24 ultra
0:17 Good catch
watching on my s10
The World's Top Phone has done it again. Big ups to the mighty Korean Mastery craftsmanship and innovation. Hello my Redmi family, lovers of Tech. The AI embedded hete will be excellent with time. I still say, that S-Pen & Dex Technology is unmatched. What's missing in the S24 Ultra? My favourite IR Blaster found in Redmi phones (and perhaps other phones have embraced it as well). It was on the LG G3 years ago and am happy Xiaomi always makes sure we still have the luxury of controlling our gadgets with our hard hitting underdog phone.
Got a question, I have s23 ultra now. New one would cost me 600e if I trade in my 23. Is it worth to trade in? Can't really find anywhere proper camera comparison of 23&24 ultra. Thanks 😊
The fact that this video already has so much more views than Samsung's own release shows just how good MrWhoseTheBoss has gotten. Great work!!!
I think the sharp corners of the Ultra phones are one of its iconic features.
This review was soooooo boring, it actually put me off upgrading - thanks mate
The only improvement phones need is affordable prices for those who can't afford decent phones.
S24 Ultra is the true champion
Can you make a comparison with the Oppo find X7 pro ?
Bull shit design.  Following same for 3 years 🤮🤮🤮
shamesunggggggggggggggggg
I feel that no great change was made on smartphones since 2018
Does the Galaxy S24 and S24+ have the Galaxy AI or only the Ultra ?
Could you do a comparison test between Google pixel 8 AI and Galaxy s24 AI it would make for a really nice video
Yay! Finally gotten rid of that irritating curved screen!
What is a flagship phone
Brighter than the sun
The starbucks promo??
yet people still think iphone is better
many times better than mkbhd
Honestly my pixel 8 has much better AI at least much more reliable, the voice recognition and translation for example works much better
Xiaomi, ROG and Nubia are the best when in comes to reality. Samsung is great when it comes to materials they used. When this does not compete with the 3 brands that I mentioned. More features and really beyond their performance. Samsung will only be a Supreme Phone unless they use IOS for their OS. Until then, I won't consider Samsung as top of the line.
Lol, you'll be back to your iPhone before the end of February.
I was a Samsung fold user that decided to get the new iPhone… now I’m having serious regrets.
The titanium also is really good in corroding after touching..😂
And other stupid thing called AI which is most likely not an AI. But there is no standard what AI is thats why you can call everything AI as company.
He's a monster! ❤❤❤❤❤
Be ready for iPhone on september they just are trying to copy the iphone🥳
what is better iphone 15 pro max or s24
Bro do a unboxing on Zubia Z60 Ultra. It looks good
Please do a heavy usage or gaming battery drain test
It’s sound fake 😅
Watching this and still in my A51😂. Gosh can't afford to buy this but I am still interested watching new phone videos.
S23.5 Ultra
Replacing iPhone but how about Apple Watch you have on your wrist?!!?
I am Android guy ......for me iPhone is too fancy and simple tasks took more time n complications than Android..... well I use my phone like my tool.....i ❤ snapdragon 8 gen than mtek dieminsty process or  apples A14/15 chips
Samsung is great and shitty at the same times.😂
I need the s24
How can you praise the samsung galaxy while wearing an apple watch?
the thing is i just bought my s23 ultra 2 weeks ago
Can you do iPhone 15 Pro Max vs Samsung s24 Ultra vs ROG 8 pro?
C'mon man, you gotta cover all 3. Ultra isn't the one that people will buy the most, it's the base model.
At some point, we are going to have screens that won't need a coating that rubs off.
thank god. hate the curved screen. can finally buy a normal screen protector now that actually sits right.
Most of us are interested in S24 and S24+, and only a handful of people want the big bulky Ultra. These youtubers only focus on the ultra. Bunch of fools. Idk if they get paid to promote it or they are just fools fooling around.
I literally cried laughing when at 17:48 the phone translated "Como estas senor" to "Eat that sir." Monumental feature Samsung! 🤣
Note 10+ had 12gb of ram.. maybe even the ones before it, can’t remember. So, only 12gb on this one?! not saying that I’ve ever needed that but..
Trash phones I have multiple ultras in our household all have green lines on the screens.
Samsung and apple they are both friendly don't want to change camera bump 😅
Hi am kadonay a  like you soo much am in African
Don't worry Apple fanboys, these features are crap. iPhones will surely have improvised features (same) by the launch of iPhone 24.
Apple has soo much catch-up to play, Geez! Apple simply can't continue copying their same homework from previous year anymore.
🚀
Hes upset samsung better
If there was any debate about Samsung being better than Apple before, it's gone. Samsung is superior
Samurai
I was not excited about some AI features. If they bring some new sensor, connection tools, and hardware,  it will be best for upgrading.
Damn already? I feel like my S23 ultra is still OP lol. Blazing fast, 12GB RAM and 512GB storage, incredible battery life even using the highest res...these upgrades are nice, but not that big of a deal. I think I'll pass for now
DOES IS STILL COME WITH THAT "GREENLINE" FREEBIE??? 😂😂😂
Wow ❤awesome ♥️
You're just throwing Iphone. Can I have that??
I know can’t use iMessage on android how to I get my iMessages to move over to android. Don’t wanna lose them.
Smartphones are getting boring
British accent is a work in progress … half of it sounds shite…
Apple gonna copy and name it better. Then call it best, new, and first ever.
It's like 23 what's crazy? 😂😂😂
We are currently transitioning into the future.
Sony throwback 😆
Bashes apple for not changing and now says.. ok Samsung it’s ok for you
I stopped buying the S series a long time ago. Samsung is way over their head, especially since a lot of people are aware of their exynos chips scam. Dissing iPhone for literally everything and then following in their footsteps. And that price. No.
Samsung can easily integrate its new features on previous models… but money 💰
There have any greenline issues like s23 ultra....😢
I really want this phone! Do I really need it? No. I got too many bills to pay right now. ☹️
Bro with that clothing bro looks like mafia😂😂
iPhone folks breathing very fast. Just take a deep breath. Samsung is 10 light years ahead.
14:16 boycott this brand!
Sure old curved glass CRT monitors is a step forward then. When they briefly made flat CRT, that was also a step back.
It is still, ugly, boring, non inspirative  and a way toooo expensive.
This is amazing, i think the most amazing feature here is the A.I, but then again, i am worried if our data won't be used to train their Large Language Model  , if you actually think of it, business wise, this is the best way to train your LLM with original data, all they need is a few months of users around the world and we would likely hear an announcement of Samsung dropping a Samsung GPT. even if they would claim they don't save users data (like all companies do), they actually do. But i guess we're in a world now where if you want to have that flexibility and enjoy services, your data is the price you have to pay
my dude called image generation, which uses photos and art from actual people with zero consent "one of a kind." get out of my face with that garbage
live call translate will become handy when the other side speaks in a form of 30sec delay which is not practical, for example a person would say a sentence and has to wait for the translation depending on the network to translate, Just a gimic feature to exaggerate, apart for that only to upgrade for 50mpx camera is not worth it, rest the software update will get soon in S23 and 22 series later on.
Apple is better
I want to see rog 8 then I like
Who still buys iPhones in 2024??
Waiting for full review
Very cool. Hoping they have this on the Flip6
Can you turn of that ugly outdated buttons in a bottom of screen? Is it works woth normal swipes? Because iphone is a piece of shit with they swipes onli for left hand. And even it doest work everywhere. Sometimes you need to clicking on a cross in upper left corner, which is so uncomfortable. Also i lome thst small dot for selfie xamera. Not thst usle black hole in iphone. And i even dont understand for wtat is so big? Iphone have so many issues with soft. That i even dont understand for what people love it? I bought 15 pro max and unhappy with this shit already one month.  It even don't jave comma on a main keyboard. Apple sooo stupid
S24 ultr vs iPhone 15 pro max
Titanium is an thermal insulator. Aluminum is a thermal conductor.
Thanks for decreasing dialogue delivery speed to normal conversation level
The truth is major smart phone manufacturers aren't innovative any more.  Just more of gimmicks each year.
Nah dont make any excuses , it's just like Iphones, just the same, only the name and price that change🤣
Hah😂 but this design look like family of Sony Xz1 .i love this design but they copy from sony xz1
watching this in 15 pro max😢
For my is a downgrade the 5x zoom.... I bought the s23 ultra due the zoom That helps me at my work....I'm thinking keeping my phone.
His feminine hands hurt by the corner of a phone? 😂
De googled it will be way better.
Middle class guy like me watching it cause can’t afford it 😊
So $1200 for a tweaked galaxy s23 ultra with jenky AI
bro Asus ROG Phone 8 Pro is out but you didn't still make a video about it
I love it....100% recommended
Me watching this video knowing that i never can afford that😢😊
I just got the s23u. I will wait 2 more years before I upgrade again
Wow everyone always says apple doesn’t innovate and just copies android features meanwhile the s24 ultra copied iPhone’s titanium frame, flat screen, 5x zoom lens, and new always on display
Meanwhile, i phone 15 highlight was "TITANIUM"
Honor/Huawei already has that search feature on the internet like if you press something on your screen with two fingers, it shows the "similar items". Take note, that feature was already 7 years ago since I'm using a Honor Play.
So if you're getting rid of your iPhone in favor of the S24, does that mean you;re ditching your Apple Watch Ultra….too? Because the Ultra is super prominent in this review…IJS
It's the same phone as last year with new features that I don't need
At 1:52 that was smooth
Frame interpolation. that is from dynamics mode decomposition.
Sad none of these tech guyz are talking about s24 and s24+ , so much hype created for ultra even samsung haven't posted a video about s24 and s24+ on the official Channel
I’d like to see how these new phones with ai perform on slow internet
10:47 oof the S23 zoom definitely looks way better. The S24 photo is potato
In short, you mean to say that the s24 is as pretty as your fiancee!!! 🤨😆
I have always hated curved screens so im glad that crap is gone
SAMSUNG S-SERIES >>>>>>>>>>>> IPHONES
This thing cost the same as a land for a house
hot take: i like the sharpness of the phone
When we talk about storage nothing much has moved considering now photos and videos with this configuration will require much more space right?This problem no one is looking into.
With 2600nits maybe there will be burn-in the screen
1:52 im literally using that phone rn lmao still good and somehow got the 4k option for taking pictures lmao
7:36 😂😂😂
I got the 23 ultra is one of the best phones I have ever had ?
Bruh the ai here is just normal chat gpt integration
that flat screen looks awesome
why didnt they add chatgpt to google assistant?
Samsung is the worst phone i have ever used, Totaly Trash Can
Should i upgrade from a 22u to 24u? Its not that can afford it, but these days everything can be paid monthly, so its no prob.
Wow. This is probably the first Samsung since the Note 5 that I have been honestly been excited for. Cant wait for the details to get ironed out
Hey I'm one of ur biggest fan since 2019 its my birthday today can u give me a old galaxy phone or any old model flagship phone even have bit of issues I'll take it ;))
"it causes hand indentation"😂 i agree if you use it in hammer mode.😂
I think pol are silly now.  If your impressed by this ... its the same shit ...
Every phone is "phone of the decade" "coolest phone" "this is it"   A phone of the decade should survive a decade which none of these can even survive half of it   Nothing major here just don't waste your money kids on overhyped phones and their reviews
Already using this AI features on pixel 8 pro
I will totally boycott Samsung if the Tab S8 Ultra,S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra doesn't receive the S24 and tab S9 AI features, I mean we're only talking last year devices.
The S24 by far a better tech phone than iPhone 15 Pro, second is Pixel 8 Pro
How likely is it that these features (particularly the wallpaper generation which I think looks awesome) will come to the S23 Ultra at some point?
Who is going to gift me s24 ultra
Really don't see a lot of reasons to upgrade from my S22 Ultra.
Yes we know your Samsung lover and will say anything to keep them happy just like mkbhd. You know down right they ripped off iPhone completely but your a android 🤖
I see nothing special yup upgrade
Nobody talking about how Samsung copied the titanium
Thank god they got rid of the curved screen!
MINIMAL changes that are sold to us like they are a world sensations. 😅 ^^  They obviously think that we are dumb... 🤦‍♂️🙄
I have the s21+ When should I get a new phone
Definetly an upgrade
If you bought a new Samsung galaxy in the last 3years you just spend to much money on the same shit over and over
I want to be able to leave a group chat on the samsung phone
I cannot express how much I want samsung for a few years now. Especially now. 😞
damn it would be amazing if samsung AI would come to my a54
Guy at the back got the phone very well or he would loose his as well as his new phone and the boss phone😂
Think the flat screen will stop me from getting the new one I like the curved waterfall edge so I'll stick with my s23 ultra
This is making me think of switching from Apple to Samsung now! But… the ecosystem isn’t letting me 🥲
i like the non note series better
I'm still using an S10, it works great.  Other than the real time translation all the other features are already free online.  You can already use them on any older phone by simply using your internet browser.  I thought I might like the new S24, but for $1,200 for a singe feature I think might be fun, but don't really have a use for.  I think I'll keep the money.  Obviously it also has a better camera, but I can see the veins in my eye ball with my S10, or the individual hairs on the back of a bee while it is flying.  I think its already pretty good.  Remember too that adding more mega pixels for most people just means they still get an out of focus picture but now the file size is much larger.  Nothing over 5 megapixels really matters if you can't take the shot.  And if you can, 5 mega pixles is way more than enough for anything less than actual studio quality photos.  No studio is going to pull out their phone to take those pictures anyway.
Watching from my 21 ultrA. I want 24 now
I just upgraded from iPhone 12 to s24 ultra
The smartphone got smarter. Did we need that?
Boycott starbucks!
It's interesting that this video got much more views than the first video of the iPhone 15.
I lowkey wanna switch to s24 ultra now
pretty impressive, but the translation (e.g. 18:43) is extremly bad, atleast for german
Apple is far behind. Stll 60hz display for 1000$😂
No need to upgrade yet from s23 ultra. I'll wait for 25
15:58 well now can kids do homework without read whole page/site and bring something to there teatcher xD
Same as previous s23u but now with ugly display
Can I remove AI software from the phone or I need root to remove all that garbage apps?
8:45 WTF never seen a phone record 8k 120fps thats insine, remmember when iPhone X was first or one of first phone with 4k 60fps
Yeah😊Samsung user here
1:37 btw titanium does not dissipate heat better than aluminium, aluminium dissipate like x10 more heat and clear win but week as hell, if s24u have less heat it may be becuze of how battary is placed and chip or even using thermal paste idk what inside there.
We coming out of IOS with this one 🗣🗣🔥🔥
I think the point about the ai not understanding what you mean when you say squirtel is expected, its not a word in the dictionary or that commonly used
Most of the AI features are in Google pixel. I am using the phone call listening and scriptures of the call talk on my screen (google pixel 6 - uk). Gboard (google's keyboard) can do real-time translate to any languages while texting.  Photo editting and photo searching is on google pixel as well (I accept that on S24 it is much more comfortable though). But I can say that summerising is something pixels dont have, transcripting the talk in the meeting is something in pixels but distinguishing people's voice and categorising peoples talk is something pixels dont have.   And with maybe 1 or 2 updates, google can easily put all these to pixels. When I look at its features in general, Samsung has done a really good job on the phone and I congratulate Samsung in this sense.
I don't know if the AI is wrong. Maybe it is warning you that YT will kill you? Maybe it's like Nostradamus N sshhhEaaat
Google did a great job baiting me into their pixel 8 pro. The phone that can't even run a phone game and runs all its AI on apps that every android phone can access.  Respect to Samsung for actually making an AI phone.
Watching this video using my Samsung S7 Edge...🥺 I hope i can upgrade soon to S24 Ultra...😭
Samsung AI is Crazy!   Samsung is ehhh rough around the edges… 🫤
I'm in the middle of minute 5 and already feel betrayed, I bought s23 ultra about five months ago and you can clearly see my life story
We are waiting for you next video bro 🎉🎉❤❤
Your ranking out of ten has been bothering me a lot lately. You talk about something nearly (or completely) unusable or useless and then give it a 5, like the live translation here. Then you talk about something perfect and exactly how you want it to be, only to give it an 8 or 9. Could you explain this? Lately, ranking anything in your videos just feels pointless and an absolute waste of time. 5/10.
MrWhoTheBoss is not pregnant 😂😂😂 But Always delivered the best Tech VLOG 👏 👌 😅😅😅 Excellent work brother like always ❤❤❤
Still no ultra wide selfie camera! That is a big L for such AMAZING COMPANY!!!
@ 7:49 : S23 Ultra is better than S24, just look at trees in background
I am so hyped for this phone.
AI here, AI there... So you are basically getting excited about becoming brain dead and being fully replaced by technology. Congratulations.
This killed and buried the iphone 15 let's be honest 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hey,  I'm a huge fan of your videos! I've subscribed and watched, like, all of them. They're so cool!  I wanted to ask you a really big favor. So, I need a laptop for school stuff( I am only 13), but the one I want is too expensive for my parents. If you could help me get it, that would mean everything to me. I know it's a lot to ask, but maybe you could think of it as a little gift?  I really hope you see this and can help me out. Please, please, please reply if you can. It would mean the world to me. By the way i live in Uk if you can get it for me i will send you my adress   Thanks so much,  Ranuja Kehan
Man this guy makes a 23min tech video really entertaining,big ups brother
I get the need and point of weaving AI into tech we use but especially for the generative stuff, I really want someone to talk about whether or not that's being done on an ethically trained model or another rip of stuff from the internet that includes peoples work without consent/
Seems like Galaxy AI will only be "free" until end of 2025 - after that Samsung is likely to start charging a subscription fee!
Anyone who uses or promotes A.I is assisting the demise of Humanity and Reality. Think about the word 'Artificial' and what it means...
You guys have hell lot of money. You keep switching phones. I think general people don’t care .
1Translation was already an Feature which was present on previous Samsung Devices!!
Tuesday there will be a software update,
Love it! BTW Free Palestine 🇵🇸
I’ll still take the iPhone 15
how long before you back to the iphone
Many of those AI features were brought by Google's Pixel from last year.
I wish they would round the corners, they flattened the display praise the lord also but I'm with you and rounded corners even a little would be amazing. I've had notes and always end up going back  to plus models because I hate the feel of sharp corners.  Always producing the quality content and you're without a doubt the David Attenborough of tech videos so easy to listen to 😂😂
I think the background music is a bit loud 😢
aight ım buyıng ıt
18:36 here's the rickroll for anyone wondering if there isnt one
Nice job on the review.  Samsung aftercare support and warranty is terrible. No other words to describe it. I'm very easy going but after two bad experiences one for a tv and the other with a phone, they really need to do change their support processes for a better customer experience. It feels like they are only concerned about taking your money...
This guy is paid qell by samsung 😂
Can you please include the security of the phone. Like if its stolen  or lost what measures are there to get it back?
Can you please include the security of the phone. Like if its stole or lost what measures are there to get it back?
Do Battery test too... What's the improvement there?
I know samsung is better than iphone but no one wants a samsung and everyone wants an iphone
But does it have a call recording feature after all?
I don’t even have an android but the new design is 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hopefully, now someone can take clearer photos or videos of an UAP.
Please send me an s24
The phone's extremely good but the camera could've been better
Are Nigerian languages integrated? I think the African market should be focused on more
Question: Aren't the AI features all software ? So will eventually make it to all their phones ?
Fine.. keep it
Unless you're taking photos an alien invasion, there is no reason anyone should ever use 100x zoom.
When are you going to leave YouTube like others?😢
18:43 the translation is not very accurate 😅. Definitely needs some improvement. I could guess what the person would want to say but it`s very confusing.
I prefer the curve screen
Who gives you this phones, I need one 😢
Apple Now: Copy this and release AI features 😂😂
18:40 As a German I can tell you that this translation is utter garbage. Google translate from 10 years ago would have done a better job :D
Does the s24 have the text and call on other devices feature? My s21 doesn't. I pre-ordered the s24 and I'm hoping it has that feature.
Watching this on A52s5G. Ready to buy this beauty. S24 has started AI and will get better over the years.
They are NO ZOOM lenses, but tele lenses. Zoom stands for varying focal length! Please learn the difference!
Red
The reason whysamsung is beating apple is because apple is working on vision pro
Did you get a chance to see what has been updated with Dex?
The corner you are mentioning.  Samsung won't change that to a round corner.  Otherwise it would look like the rest of the other smartphone  It is a touch of Samsung Note's series ans people are looking for this when they stop the note lines
man I got the S23u when it was new and now I already want a new phone 😭
So, I recently came back to samsung after a few years on iphone by buying a cheap(ish) s22 ultra second hand. Extremely happy with my purchase and will continue to keep buying used. The value you get is insane. Especially on the android side. Keeping my eye on the s24 ultra, will look for one used in about 6 months. Prices new have become ridiculous, I really do have better uses for 1.4k every year...
Dang I just switched to the pixel, because I wanted something simpler. I used to have a S22U but gave it to my housemate! I might have to go back to Samsung though!
Missing the mighty curved display.
4:40 The competition is likely Ceramic Shield/Kunlun Glass 2.
Im sure its gonna feel much faster with the forced literally weekly updates AT&T does with androids for some shady ass reason.
I've had the s23U for 3 or 4 months now. I knew the s24 wouldn't be long. Should have waited.
That phone looks awesome
Galaxy AI is basically just a worse version of the AI found on Pixel phones. It runs on Gemini Nano and uses googles tech to accomplish anything. So why is the Pixel problematic, yet the AI found on the S24 Ultra well thought out? It seems to make no sense. Someone, please explain this to me!
Awesome! I loved your assessment❤
like it or not Samsung Galaxy is the best
YOU NEVER HEAR THE PRICE  LET ME GUESS 1400 € ? 😂
They already have the next year phone update while releasing 2024 latest phone.
Make a video of vivo X100 pro and compare it with Iphone 15 pro max.
Samsung really did make a huge mistake How in hell did they not name their AI "Galaxy Brain" A pity..
18:43 As native German Speaker: It is a Bad Translation! we would say "lang nichts mehr von dir gehört" (didn't hear from you for a long time) 😂it is like the early google translator times where nothing makes sense😂But I love this channel and the content!
Yall take thes phones too SERIOUS 😂😂
If it's flat it lose its edge that one thing made it better..... Truly disappointed😢
Doesn't the Pixel 8pro have a lot of this AI already?
LET ME TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO DIGNIFY ALL OF YOU WITH THE REALITY THAT SAMSUNG IS THE GOAT AND APPLE IS THE TOILET.
disclaimer : Recorded with IPhone 🤣🤣
Porreiro, agora já posso escrever em Português e esperar que a IA faça o trabalho por mim. 😅
With cheap flat screen in ultra, I believe its now time to move back to iPhone finally 😅
Comparison with I phone
Could you please buy me a phone I really don't have one i use my mum's phone please buy me a Samsung galaxy S8 that's all I want
I have seen a lot of S24 Reviews.... your review is outstanding! Congratulations
Hi. Do you know if the US version is region lock, or it can work with any sim carrier from another country?
It is mostly Android fanboys who shit on iOS users, because iOS users are too busy to deal with peasants.
I guess this is a one stop hands on
Somebody gift me this mobile🫠
the flat screen is a HUGE improvement for me over the gimmick curved one. the curved one is useless for me and just makes it much harder to apply a good screen protector. practicality over bs gimmicks
After 3 month it will be slow as hell. Its brand of Samsung
Nice idea, needs a little bit of polishing for now. I think this is not the generation (s24) I'd choose to upgrade to (I have an s23 ultra)...yet. Maybe in a couple more years or until my s23 ultra feels the need to retire.
S24 vs iphone 15
I am watching S24 video with my S23 ultra, I am happy with s23 ultra, but Samsung should Add Ai update into S23 ultra.!!
For a few years now I have owned the Note 10+ and because of the sharp pointy edges I won't be buying a Ultra phone unless they will fix it sometime.
Hello!
Fun fact, those three stars resemble an old Samsung logo...
waiting for iphone 15 vs s24
bro flexing his fiance is next level funny... anyway samsung software sucks, i just can't. If I wanted a camera I'd buy one. Everything else blows.
Bottom of the line..It doesnt deserve switching my s23 ultra for it
Voice recognition in general absolute garbage... Chat GPT very poor and doesn't get it right... AI ,  totally fake pictures..... Totally useless AI software...
I felt this video more of an ad than of a review.
Senseless repeating of marketing material, Samsung has imposed embargo on critical reviews until Feb, if any of YouTuber will post a critical review he won't get their decide again.  Puppets on a leash?
👍 Android phone . 👎 Apple phone 👎
What about carbon fibre body?
This AI phone is the bjg bang moment for AI to take over the in future. SOMEONE SHOULD STOP THIS  -TIME TRAVELER
Sir plzz gift me this phone 😺😺🥺
They should make the Spen a microphone also being a pen because if they do that then it would be so useful for Youtubers and News people
Samsung on top fr
Hello Mrwhosetheboss can I get your s22 plus my s22 is so slow
I am 10 yers old but i have gaming pc but i have not monye you can gift me computer
12:37 are they collaborating with AMD to implement FSR3 Frame Generation in this AI?
I don't really like the idea of the AI needing to be connected to internet to work.
Now nobody complains about design and more bloatwares  -Apple fanboy
My LG G3 DOES THE SAME
I can see jack behind. Good job jack on catching phone.
They just copy Sony's XPERIA XZ PREMIUM DESIGN
your PTL hands up comment was awesome.  hopefully less curve = less Crack on the edge when dropped. Bc all my previous S21,S22 series phone cracked when dropped and it hit the curved edge at specific angle.😅
Please I'm jobless 😢 I can't keep watchin this 💔
Pakistani review? ))))
Still love my note 10+...phones are over rated, they are just tracking devices for your kids and boss😂 everyone knows you can't say i wasnt home to answer the phone lol 😂 watched the whole video and its definitely smarter then my ex-husband and way cheaper...might be time for an upgrade!
Please compare Google Pro's AI and S24 Ultra's AI . Good video.
AI is a really dangerous thing
All phones look the same once you get the protective case on it.
iPhone >
Eeh, Im gonna w8 with my S21 ultra lets say S25 or 6 😂
advanced intelligence AI lol
Funky Yellow? I had gross 😝 imagination when you said that.  Make a sentence with "funky yellow teeth" -
Only 5 years left to Skynet. Let's make the best of it!
I use apple products and love them but I give credit to the company/person that inniciates something, who invents. and samsung is it. remember, samsung still provides apple with the screens they are proud of and some other internal ware...BIG UPs TO SAMSUNG THE AUTHORS...(the only big step i saw apple make was coming up with their own chips) and may be who knows, apple migh have gotten the idea of Titanium from Samsung, coz the time phrame between iphone 15 and s24 isnt that big that a company can just change the entire production like. I have a feeling that samsung came up with the idea.
This sounds amazing for the thiefs lmao
PLEASE make a video of how to leave the Apple Ecosystem but still be able to work with other on Apple.  My family is all Apple but I want to jump to a great phone like this but need to be still be able to function as a family with Apple.  Like being able to see locations, share notes and messages, and collaborate.  PLEASE HELP!
no
Dudes wearing an Apple Watch during a Galaxy review lol
For me, there is nothing new in four years. The S20 Ultra is nothing impressive
Did they already solving their green line issues? my last phone from Samsung is note20 ultra, and it give extra features: green line light sabre.
Please bring the Exynos vs Snapdragon video
Samsung has stepped it up big time on this new upgrade cycle.  I use both Samsung and an iPhone - simply prefer Google's ecosystem and the less restrictive nature vs Apple's but I guess having both is a nice luxury..
I really want that new wallpaper feature for iPhone
cool bro
Note 20, S22 Ultra, S24 Ultra. I'm on an even number upgrade cycle. One week to go for delivery 😊
It would be sick if you could do like an AI based standoff between the Pixel and Samsung!
I'm confused. Most of what you're excited about, software speaking, I can do with my s23, there's not much that's new. But I get it, you need likes and views to make $$$ so you're gonna bs when necessary.
You now need to switch watches (temporarily until iPhone catches up to Samsung and adds their AI features).  I use both iPhones and Galaxy but I use GARMIN as I play sports and with their Solar, you're getting close to 30 DAYS before recharging (my non-solar Garmin is close to 2 weeks before a recharge).
Wow, this was an impressive review.  Well done.
Imagine how much Samsung paid him for this video? :D
Samsung is turning into iPhone, same design for 3 years?
Imma say it, that flat screen is apple ugly....
Aaron is looking really drippy 🔥😂
Hi sir  Sir please gift me this phone please  I can't afford it  God bless you sir
Hi sir  Sir please gift me this phone please  I can't afford it  God bless you sir
I just can't afford 💰 Samsung anymore. I switched to pixel but I honestly miss the software of Samsung
same shit different number
Yeah my dad has it and he took a photo of the moon at 100 times zoom and you can see the craters
There are so many channels that I want to show my loyalty, I can't watch all of everyone's videos.   But when I start one of Arun's, it gets 100% retention.
All the Android 14 things you mentioned are already there in S23 series. The update came out last year.
Aluminum is better at heat dissipation than titanium, your information was wrong.
common joke about samsung S series phone was some people convince them self they buy next years phone that time S series improve than this year.
I have the s23 ultra and I don't think it is worth upgrading to the s24 ultra their is not that great of a deference and the A.I. is not that advanced i will wait for the s25 when the bugs are worked out
Now we wait for a much improved Fold. Maybe they'll create a modular device that gives you the benefit if the large screen and more portable "regular" phone.
18:40 that translation to german was absolute rubbish haha
Hahahahaha 24 Ultra Ai Have to Upgrade lol Hahahahahahaha 🤣🤣 😹😹 🤣🤣
does anyone has a link for the shirt his wearing in the video? XD
Phone colors have never mattered to me, because I ALWAYS slap an Otterbox on my expensive purchase.
Glad they ditched the curved screen. It was useless.
Crazy when iPhone makes the same screen and camera y’all freaking out but when you see Samsung series all are the same and also the s24 bro y’all hiping it for no reason it looks like s22 s23 like be fucking for real
tbh they copied apple on the titanium part like they did when the first iphone came out Samsung had apples chip and it almost looked exactly the same as the iphone
Apple wil never beat samsung forever.
Congrats on the engagement man. Good points but i still don't think it's a game changer quite yet. Not worth the upgrade imo
Now lets find out if Jerry RIG everything is happy with it ;)
Samsung s24 hands on ❌ IPhone 15 branding ✅
So... not really an increase since 2020 ultra.  Kind of disappointing, it's been so many years and not really an improvement. 😮
at 10:52 the shot on the S23 Ultra (DX) has more detail and information than the shot on S24 Ultra (SX), I also saw on other online reviews that the shots with s24 ultra are more flat and with less texture than those of S23 Ultra, I hope it is a software problem not yet complete, otherwise it does not stand up to comparison with its predecessor. This problem seems to be there at other zoom levels, not only at these exaggerated levels, even at 1x it seems that the textures are lost in favor of flatter shots.
Wait for comparison with iphone
Apple users be like: nah.... let's wait in 5 years.... once apple have those, that's when we freak out....😂😂😂😂
Ive had two rounded screens now and Im ready to go back, more often than not the rounded screens prevents me trying to punch the tiny buttons on videos and select buttons that pop up on more often than I predicted.
What is the song at 08:25? I'm in love with it
Please do a review on one of Doogee's phones
The flat screen 🤨☠️  It is definitely a step🚶‍♂️ back
Waiting for the S25 Ultra so I could exchange it for my current device, S22 Ultra :) Can not wait :)
AI features are only free up to end of 2025 - small print!!!
It's great to see that the S24U has a flat front. Finding screen guards for the S23U that don't suck is a challenge! That's the only thing I wish the S23U had was the all flat front!
I WOULD LOVE ARUN TO RESPOND TO THIS COMMENT CAUSE TODAY IS MY 10TH BIRTHDAY 😢
01:37 Wrong wrong wrong. Titanium is a poor conductor of heat, aluminium is way better. Like 10-15 x better then Ti. Ti is also lighter then Aluminium.
Personally I'm not a fan of the curved screens because it's almost impossible to get a screen protector to stay on it.
I once swore to never own a Samsung phone due to their horrible horrible execution of Android but now here we are, I await the arrival of my new S24 Ultra. Good job Samsung. You did a thing, keep it up. Pixel super fan here.
9:45 My guy looking so handsome xD it would not help me tho to look better xD😂But I love this channel and the content!
They are selling the same slab of glass that goes to the same internet.....innovation has been reduced to software gimmicks
Where is ai summit
Meh
The color science is worst in Galaxy, all colors are fake. it's just fictional
Nothing is new
My Google Pixel does every AI shit and better i guess
The Titanium Green S24 Ultra is replacing my Black S21 Ultra. The green color is so beautiful and calming! Bought a clear case to show it off! I can't wait to receive it! Galaxy fo-ever! 😊
I only got 10 dollars to my name 😂 but I need this
same phone(s23 with s24)
this video is just a FAIL.  all this information word by word any of you can read on official samsung page, all info for his video he took from there, just copy-paste, no any own word, pure specs advertisements. another FAIL, if you told switch to new SAMSUNG, why you forgot to throw out your apple watch?  LOL
💙
Samsung hv moved long way from Samsung Grand to s24 series
Trust me... SAMSUNG is quite lucky that HUAWEI faced the sanctions....if not............ Even today HUAWEI'S old phones runs fantastic.
They can give us same features to S23U, no AI chip inside, all software. Marketing!
Samsung we have AI that makes everything way is your and comfortable and convenience for our users to use we have beautiful AI beautiful wallpapers everything is nice Apple we have a new button
if you hold it like a normal person using your little finger to stop it from sliding off your hand and not like a toddler grabbing it tight like a claw, which eliminates any finger dexterity using the device, sure, the corners will bother you. you will be holding your phone wrong though.  most importantly, what kind of psychopath uses their phone without a protective case? usually most cases eliminate all sharp corners
I haven't upgraded since the Z FLIP4. This has convinced me I need to upgrade.
No flash🔦🚫 pls
Any chance we could see a comparison between the S24+ and the IPhone 15 Plus. The Ultra and Max Pro are awesome phones, but don't most people buy the "lesser" models?
You review a Samsung device but you use a Apple sound. 19:41
Samsung best ❤
I know you are an American fan but we all hate iPhone its expensive and easy to break .people if you are not stupid get others phones Iphone is worst then I thought.
You still have apple watch. Are you sure you are really replacing s24 with iphone or is it just for the video?
Looks utterly shite
I always watch ur vids but i am too poor to get a new phone i am still stuck with samsung galaxy A50 thats 5years+ old and i saw now samsung galaxy 24 is out man ill never get a new phone :(  How can i get 1500€ at 14 years old? 🤔
I cried seeing you throw away the smartphone 😂
17:25 Artificial intelligence was very impressive. But the question remains how safe! All our personal information is not leaking?
Iam apple user, but i have admit that this is really cool to be honest. I am very impress
Imagine world leader call enemy country using the live translation and the AI doing sneaky trick and causing a nuclear war 😅
Trust me, while AI is great and I'm all for tech advancements this is gonna be our doom in the end
Him the desing is much better than s23... Me squints 🤨..  Him the rounded edge on the stylus have been squared off.  Me squints harder😑 Phone looks 90% the same 😂
The text translation from english to german was absolutely garbage.
Who  care's , Samsung  is  a  rip off ,  i  am  waiting  for  the  s25 ultra .  there's  no  really  good  update's     from  the  s23 ultra . only  45 watts   ( come on ! )  and  the  screen  is   flat  that's  a  down grade  and  about  the  camera's  nothing  crazy  and  about  the   A.I   it's  free  for  1  year  &  then  if  you  need   the   A.I   you  have  to  pay  for  it .  S24 Ultra  camera : - Folded telephoto upgraded to 50MP with 0.7um.   S25 Ultra  camera : -Wide-angle lens upgraded. - Folded  telephoto  lens  upgraded  with  variable  capabilities. -Ultra wide angle upgraded  to  50MP
Samsung wows again!  RF radiation on your wrist is questionable. A good light review of the best smartphone to date!
Perfect catch at 0:17!!😅
Throwback the iwatch as well😂
I still believe nothing will beat my Note 9🙄
How have they not changed the exterior design completely? It's been two years already and 3 if you count the transition to this camera design/layout!   Are smartphones now becoming like cars where they only get a full 360 redesign every 5 to 6 years?!
The must and better use is Android in fact usa has killed the IOS apple is only money need the doses mind that you are costumes you are for them a value  However in case you know how to use Android you will never ever let them ❤
All that technology and the predictive text still sucks🤦‍♂️
Please do an ecosystem comparison video
Great review... As usual with you man... If only Samsung can really do those indigenous languages, for instance, the is no Zulu or IsiXhosa in those devices, it may work for English to Chinese, but from French to Zulu... It's a challenge... I think they need to look into those
s24 ultra seems worth it
Finally, the Samsung galaxy s24 ultra screen is not curved, I am happy! I always hate curved screen and my wish came true!
Me watching this on the Samsung S9
Worth upgrading from the s23 ultra?
Yeah but which one was new 🤔
Look. Pokemon is not a normal part of language okay lol. Nit picky... Google will probably do all this better in 2 years anyway lol
Are you going to switch from iPhone to the S24 or stay on iPhone?
Time to sell my kidneys for this phone 😂😂😂😂
I was in the store today to check it out. To be honest I did not like it. Felt and looked like a big clunky box. Not a nice phone to look at and for me at least also not comfy to hold. That massive screen needs some kind of flow such as the curved screen. Without the curve you cant disguise the fact that the phone is just a big box with no style. I will be skipping this upgrade. Before you buy I would strongly recommend you check it out first. Dont believe all the Youtube hype!
We went from Galaxy Note to Galaxy Ultra...okay
That's AI? O.o * Photoshop ceases to exist *
Samsung copied Apple
Next step will be, that the phone assistant can speak with you in a natural voice, with an own persona. It will be like a fried and will help you with personal complex problems you might have.
As a german i can say that the translation from "Hey how you ddoing, long time no speak! We're no strangers" is terrible. This is like a really bad translation.
i notes the catch iphone haha
finally,he is out of the darkside,welcome to the android famly.
in norway they only giving  Exynos 2400 and it`s stinks compared to snapdragon.
on my way to buy the Iphone 15 pro
This phone looks great. But will it perform good after 2 years?
Are you a salesman cause you sound like one. Nothing has changed in the new update. OL
Only if money wasn't an issue ....
Which gets the most out of ai you would say, Google or Samsung?
Bro if. You keep up with the sleek commercials ill unsubscribe
New video please Samsung galaxy s24 ultra vs I phone 15 pro max 1tb
0:17 at least someone catched the phone
how many times did you replace your iphone
The praise the Lord for me 😂
Er, It's still just a smartphone. Most of the aesthetics are meaningless. Saying the processor is faster than the A17 is equally meaningless because it all depends how well coded the OS is, doesn't it? And the best smartphone cameras still can't beat dedicated cameras. Want good video? Buy a Pocket 3 and a cheaper phone, for example. Want better photos? Buy a used Sony RX100IV/V and a cheaper phone.  And a lot of the AI stuff is just helping make humans dumber by doing things for them, which they never need to do for themselves.
i'd stick with my s23 ultra, not worth the upgrade
nice review
me in 2026 s24 was alright
I wish there was actually more emphasis on a setting that would actually make the screen LESS bright. All of this focus on extreme brightness is all well and good, but when I'm on my phone in bed at night I want to turn the brightness way, way down. And it never seems to go down enough.
Sounds like a lot of money for a lot of Beta-test  gimmicks at this point, which will be nice down the line but being an early adopter is paying for all the R&D for others who will get it free later.
Bro at 15:10 you really picked an obscure name of a Pokémon to criticize the transcription as if the name of that Pokémon is in the dictionary? 🤦🏽‍♂️
I BOUGHT 4 SAMSUNG GALAXY Z FOLD PHONES AND ALL 4 HAD COMPLAINTS WHEN I UPDATED THE SOFTWARE AND ONE COMPLETELY STOPPED WORKING
Praise the lord reactions got me 😂😂😂
How's the poco x6 pro compared to redmi mobiles
The german translation is awful, apart from that, nice phone
Why bother with colour when most of us are going to get a casing to protect the phone?
I m just sleeping
0:16 when you see someone catching the phone Arun throws😂
Having no SD CARD slot ruins everything.
Nice!
Samsung set to become #1 with this launch with never seen before features
Would you recommend getting the 1tb over the 512? Or do you think i should be okay with 512
wow,
Samsung update : 🤯🗿 Apple update : Ayo, type C charger
Thing is every new shocking feature that Samsung has right now we had it it Xiaomi for like 4 years ago
Already preordered for previous models i never bought the ultra because of the curved screen hated them so much. Glad it's gone.
I come from the days of brick phones and Primco and Ceullar 1 ruling things. I had to the Android phone (G1) which was awesome to me. Fast forward to a phone that has AI on it. I'm just astounded!!! Great semi-review. Looking forward to more. Though I never expect big stuff camera wise (I'm a photographer) I do appreciate the tech when I need to take a picture, in raw format no less! I mean, I have some pics that come straight off my phone and are in my portfolio.  Still, I haven't seen any phone beat a regular D-SLR. Especially when it comes to distance.
A very detailed review with high quality content. Arun has outdone himself with this one. After this one, which was incredibly descriptive, I'm hoping the review is more analytical of the features described in this video. Well done Arun, this is possibly one of your best!
The changes samsung has been making to their flagships each year is truly amazing.
I really really wanna get this phone so bad TwT
Looks like smartphones are finally getting actually smart.
WOW what a phone. Got me thinking now THAT’S a smartphone. Great review too
The most neutral review I have seen
They ruined the camera 10x zoom to 5 x zoom
I am a iPhone user for almost 11 years.. this time I am gona buy Samsung ultra 24 wallah … the most advanced phone all time 🔥 🔥
Would you recommend it over iPhone 15 pro Max ?
People forget all these features are not rolled out to satisfy us. We are the inputs to train AI. The more we use all these, the more AI becomes better at replacing us.   Its probably silently rating Arun's review  as he speaks 😂
That 2015 model is what I'm watching this video on. Really funny you brought it up😂😂😂😂
The iphone 15 PM is a portable phone with a camera. The S24 Ultra is a multi-media, gaming productivity, usability and innovation monster!! DEX, KNOX, Multi-tasking, multi-window, S-Pen, inscreen fingerprint scanner, fast charging, wireless fast charging, reverse wireless charging, integration wth Windows, themes, far better widgets, TONS of imaging van video features and now also Al. Apple? NONE of these
Is s24 now voice isolation available? Like iPhone?
too long. I love the video but 22:40 for just the introduction of S24 ? No thanks
0:17 😂😂
Will there be 5 year updates for all ultra customers?
The phone area is ended, everyone is launching the same phone from last year.
this background music is sending me I feel like I’m being transported straight to the front of the sickest rave
Thank You Rohit Sharma 😂
google keyboard have a translater built in for ages guys..
LMFAO! "Eat that sir" okay that was hilarious.
13:45 is there really a potted flower behind you on the photo? 😱
I was with you, and actually thoroughly enjoying this review.. Especially as someone who sold phones for YEARS for pretty much every carrier..   I was with you until you called the 20 people voice transcription app thing a "mixed bag" because it didn't translate the "word"... Squirtle....... . .. .. .. .Come on, dude.... Seriously?   "It turned Squirtle into Squirrel!! An actual word!" ..   You kinda lost a ton of credibility from me for calling that a problem. I mean, seriously...
AI thing is Huawei’s idea, but it was smothered instantly. Uncle Sam(US politics and Apple) said to put away(banning Google) inventor(Huawei) because civilization has to be milked few years more with the same technology before implementing something new like AI. And it happened, few generations of iPhone and Samsung was exactly with no change. Apple let Samsung do it first, because they can learn from Korean’s mistakes, if AI goes bad. I bet Apple will launch iPhone 16 series with AI too. If not 16, then 17 series 100%.
noone noticed the guy catching the phone like ☠ ☠
your videos are so overedited man
Bottomline is its the same everything as the old Note 20 ultra. Samsung has stopped improving their phones for past 4 years. Need to learn a thing or two from Xiaomi.
Waiting for Competetion !!!!!!!!!!!!1
Good catch
A bit unrelated, but during the watching of this video, I got an ad on the EXACT same product, crazy how Mrwhosetheboss has the power to control my ads lol
Can't afford this, watching this on my broken phone,but content is just amazing Arun 🎉🎉🎉🎉
:)
which smart watch you wear ??
Nah 🙄. Until Samsung figures out how to get rid of that annoying hole punch on the screen. Im holding on to my Note 9.
you switched to it may be because you got it free.
what about its screen protection?
his chain looks like a spagget
With all due respect you are an influencer instead of being an honest reviewer! Do tell people the truth about the AI features, which it is although being a hardware processing calculation (npu is integrated in the SoC, and run things locally), yet Samsung (which follows in the footsteps of Apple by charging for anything and everything, has become money grabbing monsters/robbers) will somehow prevent you from using the AI features in 2025 unless you pay for it!!
Competition IS APPLE
The ai editing photos app that is shown here.... what is it called?
I am not sure whether it was intentional but I saw "We are no strangers to love", a quote from Never Gonna Give you up in 18:30
will wait for S25 then for the improvement since AI was just introduced into s24. Well done Samsung.
are you trying to advertise us Starbuck in your videos?
and the cameras would be crap as always....  Samsung charges a bomb but neither has aura of apple nor camera capabilities of Pixel
I just pre-ordered Samsung s24ultra. And I switch with the iPhone 13pro.. the reason why I change, because Samsung Ai Translate has live on call and I need it to translate German into English in my daily life. 😅 I speak terrible German tho. Can’t wait any longer!! 😊
save your money, no need to buy it.
Can you do a Redmagic 8s vs ROG Phone 7 plssssss
very new and modern design like the last ones from 4 years ago!
I want to see Rog 8 unboxing video 🥲🥲
Amazing AI features
Arum got married??
Man I really love the editing of your videos
Not sure why, but it's been awhile since I've seen one of your videos. Glad to see you're still making great content!
I think this phone is a model for all future phones
To be fair though, Pokémon Names are technically jargon for a few people that doesn't really know Pokémon so I think the S24 Ultra is behaving like one.
After having every Note since 7 and then S22 Ultra then Fold 4 and briefly a Fold 5 then a Pixel 8 Pro ... Holy hell I miss having a Note and will be getting this Ultra and passing my Pixel on to a family member.  Even though Samsung customer service is ASS
ChatGPT for Life 🤖🤖🧬🧬👽👽
can i play games  in this phone?
has bixby been replaced by sam?
samsung is 100 times better than apple and also have reasonable price apple has high price but doesn't have that features
To Arun: The S24 Ultra can capture 8K video, but I heard you said it can capture 4K video instead. But that's OK, I understood what you are saying.😊
Giveaway please
Damn bro the PHONK background adds a dimension to the mp4!! cool
Are you guys pregnant? 😊 you seem to be moving towards dadbod
Can you giveaway any tech things🎉🎉🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
The first smartphone in history with 99.9% of useless features. This is a record. Thanks for your reviews
Can u suggest a mobile to buy b/wPixel 8 pro and s24 ultra... Software.. Innovation.. AI wise... Please
S25 Ultra is even more crazy :0
bro didn't boycott that coffee
Can you ask the samsung company about the storage problem in the mobile phones they are making . How can we solve this problem .
Amazing❤️
Did they fix the outdated autofocus? Do we finally get human and animal eye tracking? Is it still disabling tracking AF in high resolution mode? Do I still need to switch to a lower resolution to change camera modules?
I watched this and was instantly sold on the new phone. Just preordered and is coming Friday!
which one is better now iphone or samsung  ?
Best arun video
Thank you for this video! I was genuinely thinking of getting this, but it sounds like I should wait a little 😊
I think 25 or 26 will be better because Samsung aleays comes up with wierd stuff that is not polished enough and they perfect in the following models
Hi guys.....the real thing is that i am really getting the same enchantment with my note 10 plus😅😅 but i appreciate our samsung note and s family. 👍
Why samsung galaxy ultra have main camera problem in its focus..1x to 4x
Ever new phone comes out he's switching cut the cap
Dude Samsung is awesome coz in just an year there is much more changes they hv done  Samsung Rocks
Its amazing how well marketing works. Apple fans will find a million reasons why innovation sucks and why buying a new version of the same phone is so much better. Its honestly amazing how iPhone fanboys will hate on the AI and act like it's actually is somehow undesirable and a detriment instead of a benefit or even interesting to have.  I guarantee you that apple fans will bag on the AI like how they bagged on the fold, but once those things are adopted by apple, they will be like this so unbelievable.  Apple fanboys literally convince themselves megapixels suck unless its more on their phone, extra features suck, having  a phone that folds into a tablet sucks becuase of a crease you cant see, S pens suck, customization sucks, a faster refresh rate doesnt matter, and innovation is for stupid people.  Apple fanboys defend air drop as  a major feature that is so awesome but always has problems, and they always say security is better, which it is not at all. I can do a man in the middle hack in one min on the iPhone but not an android.  The iPhone is in no way except maybe certain video aspects are better.  I have never seen such a overhyped product in my life and overhyped brand.  The only thing that comes close is off white collabs but at least they have some sort of scarcity to them.
Samsung knights 🎉
Wait for S25.....Qi2
I love all the AI features but the fact that they are looking to move to a subscription based model for these features 2025 onwards feels like a deal breaker for a device which most people will keep for atleast 4-5 years.
They are still putting 25w charger to s24 and 45w to ultra. Terrible
I have the s21. I've been waiting a couple of phone generations before updating cause 1 generation usually doesn't upgrade enough to make it worth it. I'm going to try skipping this generation and get the s25, mainly for money reasons, but also gives Samsung time to put more AI stuff in there next phone and fix what needs fixing.
18:40 well im german an what the phone translated the message to was pretty bad. I mean if you'd write whole grammatically correct sentences I'd probably be fine, but if you write in such short, chopped down languege, the translation makes no sense, maybe the phone could try to understand what you're trying to say and translate that into full sentences instead of translating it one to one. But i guess if you're chatting with people from other countries, you'd probably talk in full sentences
S23 ultra is best
Many of these features exist
Very good
Thank you I am getting it immediately as soon as I can find it I have the Samsung Galaxy s22 I brought it a couple of weeks before s23 came out I didn't know about the s23 now I'm seeing your video I'm getting it😂
Can you talk about the Samsung Galaxy A54?
I phone 15 pro max or s24 ultra
The only change I saw in this phone was its change in its s-pen tip, like seriously Samsung is going down the apple path too quickly
This is just early days, am 100% certain it's gonna get better with updates soon enough...
A whole 22:40 minutes video and nothing about the phones security which should be the number 1 topic, how difficult it is to crack the phone remotely and physically, how safe is the customer data, how long will it take for the customer to be stopped from updating the android,is it 5 years ,4 years or 6 years, what are the implications, how does the security compare to iphone? what about the charger. which charger on the market will fit it most that will give ait a quick charge with out harming the battery life? All these answers will not take 3 minutes.
The phone corners are sharp? Um who in their right mind would ever have a phone this expensive and not have a phone cover lolz
Crazy how a video about reviewing a phone could have millions of views. Hell yeah to this guy and hell yeah to Samsung. Who wants to trade their  Samsung with my stupid iPhone 13?
S24 and S24+ are worst this year because of Exynos processor 🤮🤮 There non ultra models sells are less and after this it's going to be even worse 📉📉📉📉📉 *At least iPhone gives previous year flagship processor to their non pro models*
Not everyone bashing Apple for copying Android and then Samsung does this 🤦🤦putting a 5x camera on the  same year Apple did  Titanium right after Apple did their launch… it’s a 2 way street
awesome AI but pointless to buy S24U when it is basically the same with S23U... the AI advantage of S24U is just good until 2025 after 2025, the AI is no longer free, hence doesnt have the edge over s23U
I've had the S22 Ultra since launch, and I refused to upgrade until they finally released a flat screen Ultra...looks like I'll finally have to loosen them purse strings...💸
"Gorilla glass armor"... Next year it will be "Gorilla glass divine protection"
the fact that its 3rd on trending just shows how good you are as a content creator.
I've seen a lot of these 'new' features somewhere else before 🤔
So good f
Found out Samsung AI will expire in 2025??!!! Sounds like an Apple move
But wait, if you're switching, what are you going to do with your Apple Watch, sell it?
I was hoping for reasons to buy a cheaper S23 ultra, but this video is an excellent ad for S24
💥 I Hate you because you hate Samsung
I prefer the curved screen
As always, bias.
My poor ass watching new phone with my old Sam. S5 phone cause I cant afford one, hope you do a giveaways😭💙
Can't afford but still watching 🙂
I am having so many issues with my s23 ultra. Can't connect to Wi-Fi6 and it's an issue with this phone. Have to rely on mobile data all the time.
Hello there. :D
so this is proved that without our knowledge our phone is tracking & using camera & microphone & location . so no privacy for us now a days . batter to not use the smartphone . use keypad phone for batter life .
Why didn't they use sapphire glass yet? Even synthetic one is good enough
Can't stop watching this video
Looks good. But I'll stick with buying S10e's until I can get an upgrade that I'm comfortable doing long-distance runs with.  My shopping list: * Must be functionally good enough (general speed/apps, camera, battery) * Must be waterproof * Must be small/light enough to be able to run comfortably with * Must be cheap enough to be replaceable when (yes when) i damage it * Must have a "good enough" desktop environment like DEX.  The S10e still wins for me.
You are paid to say all that . Me, huawei is the top quality phone beside software is less interesting. No google play. But i can download apk.
Is there any truth to the AI feature potentially costing extra in 2025?
and apple users still think iphone is better
Brazy
watching on my cheap redmi 😅
Apple is watching this like a hawk because, in all my years of iPhone since 3G is the first time I am considering a change just because of the software ideas, concepts and ability to do almost everything seamlessly by just a few press and taps 🔥🤔
The screen to the competition SE PHONE is better than iphone 12 screen glass 😂
make a comparison of iphone 15 pro max vs Samsung S24 ultra
Gift me a samsung s24 ultra 512 gb varuent
Every year there's a new phone by Apple and Samsung and every year you can be sure guys like this will be trying to sell this to you as if this is the greatest ever thing you must get. Getting super rich in the process
no more samsung for the rest of my life..
Thinking it may be time to upgrade my S21 Ultra, almost did an S23 Ultra last year but missed out on the deals due to waiting too long to pull the trigger, just gotta confirm Samsung Dex is still a thing as I use that daily.
Now its time to watch JerryRigEverything destroy this beast of a phone. 😅
I have samsung s10plus and it dos everything s24 does 😂😂 except the camera zoom and Snapdragon Gen 3 shit 🌚
This aint it...hope we are literally phasing out humans before our eyes lol.... a.i aint it mannn
Hehe i know my next phone thanks
At this point you are just like all YouTubers, marketing for companies while not actually believing in the products you are selling.
Watching this on my Galaxy S1.
just one question bhai They are claiming that when we upload photo on Instagram or Snapchat the quality of photo will remain intact like I Phone is this true?
Perhaps you shouldn't have worn your Apple Watch during production of this video.
Nice review. Now, for the big question, is the phone worth upgrading from the S23 Ultra or S22 Ultra?
Boss level review
I was watching until I saw he is advertising Starbucks shit. I stopped watching.
Theres nothing crazy about it
Arun did  you order the vision pro??
THROW STAR BUCK SH1T AWAY, THAT's ALL ABOUT THIS VIDEO !
I will be waiting for the S25 to come out. Hopefully all the AI bugs will be fixed and even better.
I have a logic, if you didn't get the right answer you'll going to give me that new samsung phone for Free, so here's the logic: how will you going to fit exactly 7 horses in cage of 11? Have a good day and make sure to get it right.
Should someone interested in a Photography based Android , Easy to hold Smartphone go for S24 Ultra , Xperia or Pixel?
4:38: the competition is definitely the huawei kunlun glass 2 🔥
Arun flashing his gold chain 😲😂
low ram, no microsd slot. overpriced... nope
Sorry, pass. In my country, the S23 ultra is R41000. That is 4 to 10 times some peoples salary. Best id. a used Opel Corsa is R25000  to R50000. So basically. I would rather buy a car. Done with nice phones. The Galaxy Note 20 was about R15000. And is more than capable
does it have a microSD card slot?
Paid review
does it open aspx files readily?
5 years after Samsung perfects live translate apple will invent it.
Only if I could afford it 😢
I trust this message finds you well. As an average consumer faced with the challenge of selecting a smartphone for extended use, I appreciate Samsung's flagship devices' consistent quality. However, there's growing concern about the perceived performance gap between Android and iPhones over time.  I kindly request your assistance in producing a video that succinctly compares the long-term performance evolution of an older Samsung flagship with its iPhone counterpart. Such an analysis, covering initial and sustained performance, would greatly benefit users like myself in making informed decisions for extended usage periods of 2 to 3 years. Your expertise in this area would provide valuable insights, aiding consumers in navigating the dynamic landscape of smartphone technology.  Thank you for considering this request; your dedication to delivering insightful content to the tech community is greatly appreciated.
Nothing crazy to see here
I want to say The AI is copied version of pixel 8😂
did they fix the bloatwares?
@samsung. Please dont cut the corners for ultras in the future as well. 😉
HOW TO GET OUT OF Pakistan country
I note, at the end where you sa AI is available in every region shown,  Australia, New Zealand and New Caledonia are missin. So no AI there?
how about the note 20 ultra 5g "flagship" green line issues. what a crap :/
R u throwing away your xbox or rog ally?
I hope the live call translation will be included too in S23 ultra Update. 😢 I just bought S23 Ultra.
waiting for S25Ultra is a good choice. People who have S23Ultra no need to buy S24Ultra
iphone rules mf
question is always switch from iphone or upgrade from 23 or even 22.
Samsung S24 Ultra is bigger and better than my one plus N30
it still can beat DSLR looks
I use MS Swiftkey which has this "Chat Style" built in and it's.... ok. So sounds like this is similar.
Well done Samsung for continue making trashes since Samsung S1
Good video!!!  Please put timestamps on though!
Samsung has done an excellent job with the Galax Ai initiative. Soon, Pixel will feature an AI-based keyboard powered by Bard or Gemini😅
Holy fucking shit.   That's a $1300.00 phone!
Google lens and slot of keyboard apps already handled some of these features pretty well
sellout
Just a FYI. That smart case thing is not a new thing. I had one for the Note 10 +. It also had dumb leds that lit up like stars. 😅
0:15 Dude in the back catching the phone like "Don't mind if I take that" 😂
Is it true they won't have AI until the end of 2025?
What's your favorite color for nails?
hopefully no greenline issue. commenting from s20 ultra
I don't trust this guy with a Samsung phone.... get ready for next month's dislikes.
Watching from Samsung s4
When he says about the design. Sony Xperia did it years ago lol.
imagine living in 2024 and still actually giving a f what brand of corporate nonsense you get btw,. that chain really sells the 'i'll be flipping burgers next year' vibe
Samsung iPhone!
You nailed it with your video editing better than samsung AI
Am I the only one who saw someone catch the phone he threw? Great video by the way.
I'm impressed with the AI incorporation, but still disappointed with the phones recycled design. I really wish they'd do something different and totally revamp the phones appearance.
Titanium vs aluminum who cares.
I couldn't care less about finish, angles and color etc... because they spend their life in a case.
Idk, some of the AI features on this phone are also there on my Pixel 6 pro. Emphasis on SOME. As just a user with no affiliation with these companies I would say, the most useful AI feature on the phone would be live translate. If that isnt up to standard, it's better to stick with your phone and wait for the AI to get an upgrade before buying.   Also, the notification panel is the exact same as the Google Pixel one. Nothing new there. Looks like Samsung is taking a page or two on what is better from the Pixel.    That being said, ny fruend has this phone and if you are a hardware and camera guy, this is the superioe one. The colour and quality is better to me than my Pixel but Im not sure if its the same when comapring to Pixel 8.  Overall, i would say its worth the hype but a lot of what makes it great comes from the marketing departmnt than the engineering at Samsung.
just fyi: the german translation shown at 18:43 is really bad and no german would ever understand what that means (except maybe if he speaks english and would kinda reverse-translate maybe)
I didn't see the man who catch the phone
--  Samsung S25 Ultra, now with Transparent Aluminum!  Samsung S26 Ultra, contains full-body Transparent Titanium!
anything you said about Ti vs Al is close to being ... I'll stay polite.
Wow you are an apple aheep i hate i hat we new samsung fa and i was a wamsung fan
Sad thing it is using exynos 2200,in my area, i really have to dump the idea of buying s24
I need the music to this video
Thank you Arun! Just pre ordered mine, I usually wait till a few months after release, but it's time to say bye to the 21 Ultra and get summing new!
thanks but Im good with my s22 ultra.. ill wait for s32 ultra
Use roadman accent please 😂
Galaxy Z fold 4 user here, I'll be waiting for the update on next fold series with this AI software, also to allow the system to mature over this year.
Lets see Apple hit these weights.
Wow 22 minutes video
I like Arun switching his iPhone just for this video.. still using an Apple Watch.. so he’ll switch back.. as the Samsung ecosystem is the weaker part of them. Phone wise, awesome technology from Samsung. Samsung actually is one of the brands that launch more “test” devices..
Seems like they have focused on different languages too much where 95% of users won't need such technology and most speak English anyways lol
What's a good well rounded phone?
Students need teacher like you  to explain their lessons. Never tired to listen ur soft explanation❤❤❤❤
How about the ringtone
Revolutionary AI phone that looks like a front panel of my Pentium PC from 90s 🤣🤣🤣
bro made a 22min video and still not complete
❤
1700 TO 2600 Nits brightness increase, is actually around 15% of real difference so not a huge jump.
Damn this is a beast but boss , is like u not a samsung fan😢
He's making so much crap excuses for features that already exist in the pixel 8 and are perfect. Also he's so ignorant he doesn't know that Galaxy AI is powered by Google bard. Even the bard logo should have given him a clue. What a dummy
Samsung is creating a leap and now setting the bar even higher  Apple is creating a leap by keeping up to Samsung subtly by not too gimmicky
This is an update and NOT an UPGRADE. Just do not buy it!!
Someone was leying down to catch the phone he throws away
What's in his mouth
2:50 the reason I won't buy, lol
I still miss the name NOTE... Din't kept the name, so had to skip to fold after the last note.... They should have kept it. That made them sticking to what they said.
Hey, i saw the guy that caught the phone you threw 😏
I can imagine Samsung executives getting pissed - when he said that its a PASSE..... 😀
u ok? 7:38
*Galaxy Al features will be provided for free until at least the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices😮🤔🤔🤔
I am not sure I will use 70-80% of the features, but I will buy the phone anyway
My favorite part was when I got to see Tsireya 😂
Samsung lovers →→→→❤
I want to buy one. But, my experience alone says that i would not even use more than half of the feature it has so I might end up in a lower spec one.. lol
Why you wearing a jewelry  bro it's make hard to focus  😂
*7:37* Dude busted his ass.😂😂😂😂
thanks man, I was so close to switching to iphone in the next couple of weeks but you just changed my mind. Great review! And defiantly getting this!
Mrwhostheboss is the best tech youtuber. Thank you for the amazing videos
Its the curved screen i will miss most
The star feature of the show Galaxy AI is only going to last till 2025 until you wish to pay for those features.  Shame on Samsung for pushing down such a deceitful subscription model.
Dammm that s24 battery lasting long, its been 2 days
To summarize, S24U is a load of AI gimmick.
17.8 million subs, why doesn't this video use chapters? Come on editors
Everything looks the same STOP ALL THE SUGAR COATING
Me who got one ui6 on a52🗿
What I really hate about preinstalled apps made by samsung that it pings samsung servers whenever used and there is no opt out.
Is it just me or is the new Always on display very similar to Apple's Always on display, that's suspicious 😏
I honestly like the fact that they've found something else to focus on and further develop other than the camera. The AI features will be awesome maybe in a few months.
I didn't hear anything on what makes the Ultra version better than the S23 Ultra. The AI is integrated in every version, so why should I get an Ultra? I don't see any new features on the pen. I've got an S23 Ultra, so I don't think I'll make the switch. It's quite innovative, but unpolished phone. So I'll wait for the S25.
And it’s 3x slower after 1st year , staggering 5x slower after 2nd , and completely unusable after the 3rd… that’s some serious innovation
So actually nothing new!, they need to come upnwith tranparent phones, displays hehe
Every like and comment this post gets I will do a pushup
I'm asking for a phone 😊
I saw s24 ultra and as an owner of s23 ultra, I can say s23 ultra feels more premium. I think flat screen and titanium are downsides
Honestly with the s23u I see zero reason to upgrade.  This phone is amazing  and it'll be a few years before it has any comp imo.
Samsung knocked it out of the park with the 24 , bye bye apple phone!
Although the AI for writing may not work for someone as educated and suave as yourself, Arun, for the average young person who has never been given a pronunciation, spelling or grammar lesson in their life it will be game-changing.  They might be able to produce readable, understandable sentences including those that don't include words such as, Man, bro, cool, multiple times in one paragraph, and it would be excellent if it could filter out the F, and S, words to make a conversation that uses the other million words available that seem to get totally forgotten about.  Cracking video, as always.  Thanks.
S23 Ultra has a major defect!! Every time you fly, the speaker stops working due to pressure!!
Hard to believe you will actually move to Samsung. In a month you will probably create a video that says "Am I regretting the move to Samsung?"
Wait this wasn't the full review ? 💀💀
You are the first and only youtuber to do a full in depth kickass hands on video. Very entertaining and fun to watch. Thank you! 💪😎💯
Samsung glass makes typing difficult as compared to its competitors...
I pre-ordered the S24 Ultra as soon as I saw a flat screen. Happy to do away with the curved edges and looking forward to the new camera features! Great video!
Wow that phone is amazing 😍
Is bixby any better than it was 5 years ago? Does the camera now take real photos of the moon or is it still faked by Samsung?Can the finger print reader read better through glass screen protectors? Have they chosen 1 messaging app to rule them all? In that have they fixed the conflicting sound management of the google keyboard? (Add some click sounds in gboard on low then turn the Samsung system volume all the way up. The keyboard couldn’t be any louder. So use Samsung keyboard? Samsung keyboard gets most words wrong. Have they made the batteries any bigger or is 5000 the highest possible? Have they made the Face ID unlock usable to the point it can be used to log in to say banking apps? What about the fact that any voice assistant as well as google only decides to listen to you half the time? Hey if all these issues are fixed then I will be happy to upgrade to what they like to call an ultra phone😂
19:41 can you turn this of? i would just like to read my messages in the language they came in
All I want to know it that I charge my phone in full in 10 minutes and it last for 3 days 😂 nothing you said interested me
Love your channel, keep it coming❤🎉
Very nice but I won't be convinced until I see Zacks durabilliy test
Am I the only one that isn't excited by their colors?  like it makes a difference at all?  Most of us, put it in a case anyways.. colors mean nothing..
Your accent is to strong AI struggles with that. Same  for me 😂😂😂
As usual a great review indeed! But please can you make a review for Honor magic 6 pro, it is also released a few days ago.
Apple or nothing everything else is low quality trash.only thing that’s been a advantage over Apple is multitasking split screen
AI free for one year and later you need to pay for it.😂😅
Why bother about color when you gona put a case 😂
18:43 as a German i can say thats not a German sentence
Why oh why does he spend as much time talking about iPhone as he goes about the s24 ultra despite the fact the review is supposedly about the ultra. Mr who's the boss is starting to show his true colours. IE a total apple fanboy. I'm fed up with everything being compared to iPhone as if it's the benchmark amongst phones.
Hey mrwhostheboss can i ask how you got the s24 ultra???
I'm asking for one phone please 🙏 Mrwhosetheboss
It's pronounced "AH-looo-mih-nuuumm"  Not   Alloooomiinuminuminui-numm:
And camera is middle range. I can't believe why they can't use sony sensors..
They have disappointed me with flat screen, i like curve screen
People like me, fans of the Note line, love the sharp corners. It is the only phone really different they have. So, yes for the flat surface and the sharp corners. I would make the sides flat also.
Not impressed at all same as previous versions nothing new
Does it use fingerprint sign-in's?
16:14 THIS IS IMPORTANT
I have to say, I don't like the AI Photo Editing and what it means. How lazy do you have to be to, instead of adjusting your view, you rather use state of the art computing power to get the desired shot? Does such a person even like taking photos?
The biggest bonus of this ideology is that *your* device does all the work. The other party doesn't need to have a device from the same manufacturer, unlike iOS where some features only work if both parties have recent enough Apple products.
nice, finally you are swapping, i hope you get the watch too, and se some true features there, plus better design
Can’t believe this is the same guy who said the Pixel 8 Pro, with all its AI features, had ‘problems’, but now those same features are on the S24 Ultra it’s smartphone of the decade..! Wonder who’s paying him for this video..?!
The features of this phone seem to be good enough that it might be visible even through Apple reality distortion field and many iPhone users might switch to Android.
Please review the playdate handheld by panic :)
I want it!!!!!
Galaxy AI is it free? What will happen in 2025?
Oplati sa prejsť z S23ultra na S24ultra?palec👍áno a palec 👎nie
Absolute love the amount of detail you went into in this video, really puts your early access to outstanding use!!
Brilliant innovators there by Samsung. That's why i love the phone. Downside: stuffing a phone with so many unfinished features is also something I dislike about them. What is their biggest polished, selling feature?
comment number 11,900
Is the thickness of this phone "measured" from the thinnest part or like the measurement standard goes, between two sheets of glass meaning you cannot ignore the camera lenses?
Hi arun big fan Will you consider covering Lava Agni 2 5g , launched recently whihc i heard made a way too good phone for its price, around 190 pounds in UK. Really wanan see your review on it so it can elp decide is it worth buying
DONT FORGET TO MENTION SAMSUNG IS PUTTING THE AI FEATURE BEHIND A PAYWALL AFTER SOMETIME...ABOUT 1 YEAR! WHICH IS MESSED UP!
Personally I hate the design: the flat design that looks almost same for years similar to iPhone. AI features except AI editing would be hardly used by anyone literally. Software I have mixed feelings. Things can be improved drastically
Still fiance?! Marry or end with her!
1:21 Hey there's a Galaxy S7, I still use one! This might be even more if a sign that the S24 is the phone I'm going to upgrade to :D
I really like how je can literally compare two identical design
To be fair, i prabably wouldn't understand your pokémon meeting either.
When will you post the vs video of s24 ultra and 15 pro max
All these complaints about the square edge digging into hands. How many people do not use a phone cover
The biggest pro for flat screen is getting rid of all the reflections on the edges of the screen! Ability to use a screen protector that goes to the edge of the screen is just a bonus.
I like the flat screen I don't like that every 6 months a new phone another 1300 this time I'm keeping my s23 ultra .
Really disappinted to see that samsung got rid of curved screen completely. I chose s22 ultra majorly for that only, it adds to the premium look. Now i dont see any decent android phone with curved edge screen.
nice
HAHAHA  Como está señor Eat that Sir  Translation blows
Considering I use Gboard and Google message, I'm curious to understand how much of Samsungs ai will apply to me especially since the reasons for switching to those apps in general were because of added utility in those apps that didn't have much marketing sexiness but were useful on a daily basis.  Arun can you be the voice of the client and ask for expandable storage which is much more important than comments about RAM considering the size of captured media nowadays and rising costs of cloud storage as people age into cloud storage and data becoming hostage to these providers
What does that mean bro😂 Praise the lord😂
4x stronger than the competition obviously means 4x stronger than iPhone screens.
I currently have the S20 and JUST cracked the screen :(  Hoping it can last until I can upgrade to S24!
Please share me your old S23 ultra, Africa needs Smart Phones not water 😂
😂 22 മിനിറ്റ് samsung പരസ്യം . Even Samsung won’t market it better
I'm sorry, why do you think it would know the names of Pokemon
Sponsored by Starbucks?
Props to the guy in the back catching the phone 😂
Looking forward to your camera comparison vs iphone 15 Pro max!
I will continue with the s23 ultra.
I got S23 Ultra. Not even a year yet but I wanna upgrade to S24 Ultra. Is it worth though?
3:48 Seriously dude!🙄, no wonder why this generation it's called the crystal generation
very elaborate thank you!
I was waiting for it! So genuinely explaining the things and present it with proofs 😂
If only it didn't cost a fortune. Too bad you cannot get the flagship cameras in any of the cheaper models. But I've reduced my purchasing cadence (I just swapped a new battery to one I bought in 2018) and the next phone I'll get will be a flagship, but just not the newest one, and possibly second-hand. Well it's more ecological that way actually, so it is better for the planet that these phones cost so much 😅
why you record the samsung video with your apple watch on your wrist ? Is it secret commercial ?
I love the square edges of the phone... There's plenty of options for rounded edges on different phones.
Nah this is crazy
ROOTER I THINK YOU MEAN ROUTER  3:40
Regret buying the iPhone 15 last month lol.
You hold the future in your hands
Still wish they kept a headohone jack... Yeah yeah yeah I know.. But I sleep with earbuds and thats actually a big thing for me.
Why am I watching this, I will never be able to afford one.
AI era just started,  camera era it's going to take a break
I've been filming 120 fps 4k on my Xperia 1 IV for over a year now
1:32 😂 Stronger? Maybe Better at heat transfer? Well, Supercar engineers should learn to make radiators out of titanium, hey?
“It’s like they dressed the S23 ultra up for the red carpet” Stares at the two together and can’t see any difference….   AI is definitely the next battlefield, and Apple will be late to it.  Very interested to see the AI assistants appearing and I hope to God Apple are well advanced with AI Siri because at the moment it is indescribably terrible
Please donate one phone to me my brother 😢
Rooter Router
❤
The sharp corners only hurt people with soft fragile hand cause  only they   are the ones complaining about it
When Samsung offers me another exceptional trade in discount for my S23u, like they did with the S22u, and S21U before, I'll update. Funny how I don't like Samsung phones, but they reel me in with the trade in year after year.
Soooo we are just gonna ignore that People shit on apple for having the same phone for years but then samsung dose it and it’s just ok to do it 👀👀👀😂😂 When did we become bias to Androids? How dose android get pass for the shit we call apple out for ?! Can we get back to being unbiased youtubers that Will speak out and not sell out 👀👀🤣🤣
Useful review - thanks.  What about sound quality? Is there an improvement to my replay of flac files that makes this phone an upgrade?
As someone who still owns a Note 9, any upgrade would be great since my phone is starting to get glitchy with certain apps and my bluetooth is going in and out. Not only that, my screen cracks are slowly getting worse. 😂 I'm not keen on the AI, but everything seems to be moving in that direcrion. I'm still wondering how the camera will be for videoing and lowlight environments as that's one of my main concerns. Debating on whether I should save a couple of hundred and getting the S23 ultra or just bite the bullet for the S24 ultra. Although looks aren't a big deciding factor, the default colors are more up my alley with the S24 ultra. The struggles. 😂 Waiting for the testing video!
I think they should add the AI features at least to the S23 Ultra also..
7:34 prove that samsung s24 superior to  the iphone 15pm when it comes to making horror movies.
Sorry my view of Samsung has gone down a notch, as they jump on the service bandwagon.  Here is the new wonderful Galaxy AI.  But after 2025, you will have to pay a monthly subscription to carry on using it.  And that after dishing out nearly £1,300 on the phone
The translation to german is really bad. Like it translated: ´How u doing` to `How u are` if u would translate the grammer failure.
All online based AI features will also come to the S23 series. So it's not an new exclusive feature for S24!!!
6:32 the music change was so unexpected wtf 💀
Just get a  s22 ultra 😅
There was a guy to catch the phone 😂😂😂
😂 trimming the side 👏👏👏👏👏
Day one of asking arun to give me a Nintendo Switch 😊😊
Samsung gives you all this but still Apple is way better.
Note 20 ultra upgrade season 3
To sum up, it’s not worth it, boring, overpriced.
Credit to the guy who always catches these expensive things
Me watching this on my $99 phone and i want one 😭
Definitely contemplating moving from iPhone to this or the s23 ultra (23 love the lavender) 😀💜✨
Wow look another phone that still texts and calls omg 🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯🤯 mind blown
Was he talking about google pixel 8 or pixel 7? Forget to check which phone the video was about😂
Honestly, looks 💩
Are other galaxy phones gonna get the AI live translation feature or with this only be exclusive for S24?
This Functionalities are cool, but every with any android can access it because apps are going to be developed with similar features
Thank you for bringing up the corner problem of the S24,23,22 ultra, much appreciated;  hope samsung they gonna change that in the future, and I'm so glad that they bring titanium, and flat screens myself I have s23 ultra,I love it,but corners and edge screen iits a big minus for me..
Can you donate one of these to me please😭😭😅
But i like the square corners thats one of the reasons why i have the ultra too
Talking about sharp edge i just love how Motorola's shape their phone in 2015 G series and moto Nexus.
Bro can you make a comparison video between VIVO X100PRO and S24?
Can anyone help in understanding this:  50MP 5x periscope telephoto supports "dual pixel pdaf" or only "pdaf".  It would be a shame to have a downgraded periscope then. From 10x to 5x. From dual pixel pdaf to pdaf.
Please give me the s23 ultra your now using the s24 ultra
just compare s23 or s24 ultra camera with iphone 15 plus or 15 pro max vivid filter iphone vivid filter camera excellent color and sharpness then s23 ultra or s24 ultra so if your choice for camera phone then go for iphone 15 plus or 15 pro max u will feel like dsrl and use vivid filter
May be its me ... I dont thing this video is up to par with his previous ones
We want giveaway
Still remember my other gmail account was your first 500 subscriber!
The problem with the S24 is that with the exception of the Ultra, the S series looks pretty much identical to Samsung's cheapest galaxy phones - the A0x and everything between. There are minor visual differences but beyond it is really hard to tell them apart until you pick them up. I don't see that as a good thing. Why pay $1000+ for a phone only to have it look almost identical to the MUCH cheaper A series. When I spend that much money on a phone I expect it to look unique, not CHEAP.
Who saw the ring on arun's hand. Is he married
Boycott Starbucks.😊😊😊😊
Now I'm excited to see what Apple brings to the table.
Excellent review, thank you! I need similar features but on a normal sized smaller phone such as the original s20 plz!
Thanks for 0 likes😂
Wait until he tells you that iPhone 15 has a better camera
80% of all of these AI features have been on the google pixel for like 2 years, AND they work better than what samsung just made.
Ai photo's is wack
@1:35 It is indeed not better at conducting heat, Titanium is 12 times worse than Aluminium in conducting heat.   You Sir, is misinformed. Aluminium has a thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K, Titanium is only 17.0 W/m-K. Look it up. There is a reason Titanium is never used as a heat sink, simply because it does not conduct heat. It might even be one of the worst materials to surround a phone in history, the second fact is, it scratches a lot easier than Aluminium.
Actually iPhone lover talking about Samsung 😂
Is it worth upgrading from the S23 Ultra to the S24 Ultra or should I wait for one more year for the S25 Ultra?
Brother, I want to know if samsung can add AI features to their Previous phones by updating software or no? If they can do it S23 ultra users  will be very happy.  And RIP apple now.😊
S24 and S24+ are worst this year because of Exynos processor 🤮🤮 There non ultra models sells are less and after this it's going to be even worse 📉📉📉📉📉 *At least iPhone gives previous year flagship processor to their non pro models*
I'm getting old man
you threw out the iphone while wearing an apple watch ultra in the whole video - yeah not sponsored review sure.  i just unsubscribed
I've been holding on to my note 20 ultra (bought used, one of the speakers doesn't work 😕) waiting for the perfect Samsung phone to come out. I wanted the fold to include a pen inside, apparently I'm never getting that. Might get this one. Although very disappointed the glass is not curved anymore
The amount of Tech Samsung puts ointo these phones are mind blowing. Apple just cannot match all these changes at the price point.
Honestly I don't think it's much of an upgrade for me.
alot of talk about the slowmo but the whole s23 lineup has 960fps super slowmo is this still a feature or not?
Really hard to not change my s23u for this😅
7.35 was my favorite part 😂😂       Edit: idk how to timestamp
AI on other things = good AI on art = im gonna come in to your room hide in your closet wait for you to fall asleep tie you up so you cant move i make AI deepfakes of your loved ones and show it to you while your eyes are forced open disabling its ability to close and then i watch as you cry and shed tears while eating popcorn
Dude, that chat translation from english to german was 0/10 lmao. Im german and if you read that, it makes zero sense
I hate how you become a Samsung fanboy when ever Samsung releases their new device.  Until Apple releases theirs and smokes Samsungs that’s when you’re like “I’m ditching the Samsung 24…” stop being biased bro.
Prize phone and amazing presentation. Subscribed and liked.  James J Walsh in Limerick city Ireland 🇮🇪,  now In Marrakech,  North Africa
well said, the kind of review and impression on the  new device , you nailed it...
I sincerely appreciate your video on the S24 ultra. But personally alot of people don't know that the S23Ultra will have "AI" in weeks to come with the new "UI" UPDATE 6.1. I'm personally upset with Samsung just giving it a "Refreshed look" practically the same camera and Ram. Yes the only thing that stands out is the titanium look, colors, the bezel, and a few quirks. But honestly the S23 ultra is not worth losing, selling, or trading in. This is not a huge deal. Don't react on impulse folks, if you have the s22 ultra or s23 ultra you are in good hands.
Still one UI looks boring
But disappointed part is flat display 🙂
So should I buy s23 ultra or s24 ultra, I was planing to buy s23 ultra, before s24 ultra came out, btw I have s22 plus and I want to uprgade
bros wearing an apple watch while doing a Samsung video
"I'd actually peg it" Wow, you really are keen on this phone aren't you.
For ai jump to 12:00
Was missing these reviews 😅
So did Samsung get rid of the note or get rid of the standard s series phone and rename the note s23/24???
I'll reject any samsung phones for their bloatware.
We need the samsung lettering illuminated. Especially on the FOLD SERIES!! This can easily serve as an additional notification light.
I feel like a lot of these features should be baked into Android 14 itself, especially since their all software based. Sucks that hardware limitations and risks come into the equation.
wouw😃
Oh boy! Another subscription service!! WOOT!! Not happening.
Love you sir for ur true and very nice review about s24 ultra
U need headgear when you watch welding videos on the s24 ultra
I actually prefer the curved display on my S23 ultra!! To me it feels more premium and futuristic.
A thought bout the audio translation, it may be thrown off by your accent. Even though one is speaking perfect English, an accent can be hard to understand, even with the human ear, its an issue. It sounds like youre saying Squittle, so "thinking" it's squirrel. I may be wrong but i dont think i am.
Bring back that curved screen plz🥲
I’ve never wanted an android device til now. This phone has single handedly made me want to switch to andriod. Props to Samsung
Dude it will be in a case you won't know about the sharp corners 😂😂
When is Samsung coming out with a better text messaging experience. A new feel and look is well over do!
Please cover exynos version s24 also.
Excellent video bro
Why was motorola disturbing us again and again?
14:08 boycott!!
It is, in a sense, "outdated" but if it be possible to test the difference between the S21Ultra and the S24Ultra. It has been going strong since I got the S21Ultra but not sure if I'm ready to upgrade or wait one more year.
What are your thoughts on the quality of the selfie camera versus the 40 megapixels of the s22 ultra?
Galaxy s24 ultra  🤨 Galaxy s22 ultra version 3.0 😄
15:00 is that even fair. Squirtle isnt a real word
So galaxy ai is just using Google Gemini stuff
30 minute max lockout. Fail. Hard pass.
If it was apple you would've said it all in negative way lol
Asus rog 8 review pls
Looks so premium with the titanium
Reviewing Samsung, while wearing Apple Watch...epic!
11:06 i have this software update on my phone from 2022 its not only for the s24 ultra
Better at dissipating heat! Not conducting!
Oh Lorrdd just see the hurt iSheeps in the comments 🤣🤣🤣🤣. I love it 👌🏻.
Trying to decide whether to go with the S24+ or the S24 Ultra. Gonna be a nice upgrade from Galaxy S10 either way. Bit annoying that the S24+ where I live will have the Exynos cpu.
The two best things are the circle to search and the summarize feature
hhhhhhh 00:17 📱🖐
So basicky is same samung with new widgets
for iphone user not bad review, i dont u understant why 15 min talk about camera and 5 min other matters, scape some infos but its ok
Cool to see Google giving great features to Samsung and other companies 😜
Sounds like Google pixel 8
The dude on the back catching the phone 0:17
Yall be financing a $1300 phone lololol crazy.
Bro is really the god of phones, hes a real phone himself, word processing settings are always on, on default, phone knowledge god mode, default on,
bro if you plan to do a giveaway,, give it to me please :)
don't you mean back to titanium
Well performing AI tasks on device is not as easy as is it seems.  The trend in tech for massive data processing with ML and AI nowadays is highly dependant on cloud technologies.  I mean we are moving away from having our local devices (like computers which are way more powerful) process  the stuff for us, so we let the cloud computing power handle the workload instead.  So I guess the need is to improve security protocols and confidentiality instead of processing stuff locally. That would be a stepback definitely.
for the camera speed over quality feature, seems like addressing the app CameraAssistant which alot of people use on S23 Ultra due to the absurdly low response speed from pressing the capture to the shutter actually registering the picture.  Eg. the blink of an eye happens much more oftten mid blink due to the lag.  LOl a summary of your thought.. like a summary of a summary. It's too convenient
Did any of you see that his hair was blue on the sides? Don’t know if I missed a video or just me
Apple just got stomped so hard
Finally, you're a samsung fanboy again!
I don't trust any ai additions to these operating systems. I hope samsung gives the ability to turn it off.
15:15  The problem is in the English language itself 😂😂😂😂😂😂
I love the sharp corners. That's the main reason I'm still using a Samsung smartphone
samsung takes edge
iPhone lost me today !
Looks like you ve got Dinesh's chain )
Samsung can make a phone that makes me fly for all i care and i still won’t buy it unless they change that awful android interface sorry not sorry
0:17 a man catching it from behind
Thanks for video❤
The Samsung ultra phones r beautiful and r making me want to shift to them soooo bad but the only thing holding me back on to Apple r their other products like the AirPods Max , Apple Watch Ultra and iPad. These products of theirs r unbeatable. As for their video quality and reliability r also class apart. But rest everything else the Samsung ultra phones r just perfection!
Can I get a iPhone 15 Pro Max from you??? 😂😂😂
I’m scared about what iPhone is going to release 😨😨😭
Noice phone! 10/10
😂😂😂lol samsung showed their copying skills from external material to internal software it's an slightly upgraded iphone 15 pro clone
12:08 you're welcome
titanium aint a metal
Meanwhile I'm watching this on Galaxy S22 Ultra : 🗿
That Circle Search is just a hook over the Google Lens search, wich was in the Google Pixel 6 already ;)
Wait until the solar storm...😅
Anyone who hears new AI and isnt terrified hasnt been paying attention
Welcome to can't buy still watching 😅
0:16 It's funny how the guy behind you skillfully catches the phone you threw! 😄
4 major fails. 1) shutter lag. 2) blurred, moving objects in low light 3) nonrepetitive camera - 10 photos in the same conditions will be completely different. 4) too much postprocessing. THIS PHONE is a C R A P !!!
I live in bangladash🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
It's okay that this phone has sharp corners, he goes in a case anyway so sharp corner and colour will be gone 🙂 Il ordered  the  S24 Ultra and with the trade in its 590 euros for the 512Gb version.
they wanna be apple SOOOOO BAD omg
Live translation, the ability to move people in a picture, summarize, hmmm, sounds like a Google Pixel, but with less refined AI.   Oh wait, the AI is powered by Google?  I'll just get an 8 Pro.
Bro i have a request for you. Please review the camera of s24 ultra vs I phone vs oppo x7 ultra
Bro i have a request for you. Please review the camera of s24 ultra vs I phone vs oppo x7 ultra
Seems like the S25 will be a big deal.
The vid I was waiting for!
U should try the doogee s110, it has insane specs for its price
A nice catch from that person at ur back
Well done!
Super Video ❤️🔥
Amazing first impressions bro of this phone i loved it already after its being announced such a beast of a phone i would love to see how the ai would run in day to day life every single upgrade of the galaxy s24 ultra is refreshing and very useful upgrades not to mention the snapdragon 8 gen 3 chipset that outperforms the iphone 15 pro max this is what samsung does ❤❤
He has a ring on his finger❤🥺🥺🥺 what'd I miss
10:05 MrWhosetheboss casually swearing at everyone. 😅
No SD card support, nope, adios.
Watching on iphone, but its just..🤤🤤 Gonna swap soon.. 🫠
i wish i could buy it if i had the money, i guess ill stay with xiaomi
Fastest reviews in the west
Does the s24+ support aptx?
Any give aways, I will love to get one of the S24... Damn great killer features
Are they dropping Bixby?? I ordered mine yesterday. The 1 TB one. I am sure that I can feel the difference from my S22 Ultra.
its   better  to   wait  for  the    s25  ultra .  S24U: - Folded telephoto upgraded to 50MP with 0.7um  S25U: - Wide-angle lens upgraded. - Folded telephoto lens upgraded with variable capabilities. - Ultra-wide-angle upgraded to 50MP.
that summarize feature is definitely a lifesaver for students' projects
18:40 As a German I can tell you the translation was actually quite bad. Correct would have been. "Hey, wie geht's dir, lange nicht gesprochen! Wir sind der Liebe nicht fremd." 😅
The message translation feature at 20:00 has actually been on pixel devices for a while
One of the best phone ever
Was just waiting for this video 😍
The German translation at 18:40 actually isn't that good but it's fine I guess.  It'd be interesting to see how well the other keyboard stuff is working for any language other than english. Like writing style
you seem sooo good,i am just not ready to cheat on MKBHB 😂
Jesus. Samsung is beating apple.
Pls can you make a short review on tecno camon 20❤🤲🏻🤲🏻
cool necklace lmao
So as a S23 owner, i should not be concerned. Good, because im not swaping out my phone every year, thats for sure.
Looks nice but I will never pay over £500 max for a phone .
so for a daily user the difference is only AI ? which should be implemented to older phones anyway ? basically same as iphone no difference but just oh righter screen oh 4x harder glass oh its better.
CARDERS and REFUNDERS? Are you ready? 😉😂
4x more scratch resistant? We'll let JerryRigEverything test that! 🤣
Like for mrwhostheboss style camera comparision with iPhone 15pro max
Give me
Why do you look like orry in thumbnail 🫢🤭🤭
i have to upgrade from s23 ultra to 24 ultra ?
My little Sony phone has had 4K 120 for years now sadly even on the newer versions of the phone they put it on the most useless camera the wide-angle camera when I need it on the zoom camera.  The real magic of cameras on smartphones is going to come when 8K cameras can record video even if only 10 or 15 seconds at a high enough bit rate so that individual 33 megapixel frames are actual usable photographs that will basically end of the point and shoot camera  Because at that point you'll be able to simply record a few seconds of video and then pick out the frame you want  Right now that doesn't really work because the individual frames are pretty low quality compared to a picture of similar resolution  Understandably so the memory buffer you would need to record that much high quality data would be pretty impressive.
2:38 😥😞😭🥺
Always apple..........❤
Understanding the context of the conversation is the problem  Google has been doing this for over a year now and it's driving me absolutely crazy I hate it I hate it with such a passion it makes me livid I want to find the Google engineer who is implementing this and just keep whopping them on the back of the head until he stops  Google's speech to text used to be utterly amazing it would catch almost every single word I said almost without fail it was like magic  And then they started changing it I've actually gotten into heated arguments with people online accusing me of saying things I didn't say and then I realized my text did say it even though I never said it  I realized that the speech to text engine was altering what I said and sometimes in a very bad way sometimes completely inverting the meaning of what I'm saying for example replacing now with not as just one simple example  And it's not a speech recognition problem because I have seen the engine put the correct words I say on my screen and then watched it change those words to something else  My best guess is that they are trying to do exactly what you are suggesting here they're trying to use context they're trying to make the speech engine more intelligent they're trying to get it to figure out what it thinks you were trying to say while I just wanted to put down what I said no exceptions  It gets particularly bad when you start using uncommon words such as Squirtle which oddly enough Google correctly interpreted this time  I wish there was a way to turn that off to have a literal speech to text and not a contextual speech to text  I noticed it has a particular problem with I'm not sure what you call them? I call them connecting words? Where it's like in the and or etc especially in and and for some reason Google likes flipping those I'll say and and it'll put down the word in instead  It's also annoying because you can make me look like an illiterate moron where sometimes I'll read back my text and be like what the hell was I trying to say what the hell did it hear because it mangled it so bad  And the problem is it creates a huge pause in the ability to use speech to text because I proofread in real time I look at the words as it puts them on the screen and the problem is after I've moved one or two words past the current word it then changes that word to something else to match whatever it's stupid contextual engine thinks I said but I've already seen it put the word I actually said and I've moved on so I don't see that change  It's extremely annoying and extremely aggravating and I really wish they'd give us the ability to turn it the hell off.
2:25 Thank God 🤲🙏😇
....."Updated design"  Same as my phone....
1:14 go Samsung 💪✊👊🙌
2:50 hand indentation? use your phone less. The indentation means that you have a good grip, which is useful when you turn the phone around, at least from my pov. My fairphone 4 is kind of rounded, and sometimes it slips when I try to turn it using just one hand, but who knows if on Samsung, the edges were done for practical purposes, or it's a coincidence, or if i'm actually the only one who would prefer less round edges.
You said titanium conducts heat better than aluminium but it's the opposite. Am I missing something?
Out of everything I've seen this phone is not worth switching to from my S22 Ultra.
Me watching on J7 core
Ngl the AI features are great but they are overcomplicated for a normal consumer
I don't like the flat screen
Galaxy ai is free till 2025 apparently, then it's going to be subscription based.
6:48 While it maybe powerful enough to do that, it wont. They will absolutely require internet connection for that, and as many other apps/services as possible to increase the data harvesting potential.
Obviously you are still on Apple side. The Apple watch is the evidence.
Happy with the pioneer of this design, my S22, won't switch it until a real change to the phone is made, from mine to the 24 all looks the same 😂
very impressive!! I want to buy s24 ultra!
🎉🎉🎉
Did they fix my constant "samsung UI has stopped working" and I have to restart my phone all the time?
I'm switching to Google pixel Samsung just got boring
Loving the gender neutral colours
Don't understand the piss color option. Could've done some sort of blue or even the jade green from the special colors. Or just a pure white
We are no strangers to love Seems like a rickroll
I just rewatched to hear him pronounce "aluminum"
About time they stopped the annoyingly curved display. Still very disappointed for being in the year 2024 they aren't putting the front camera under the display hidden. Also disappointed they aren't putting the 144 refresh rate. Samsung continues to lack and fall behind instead of advancing.
Less than 2 days 4 million viewers Congratulations.
They took a page from Sony Xperia book with the S24 Ultra design
MORE VIEWS THAN MARQUES BROWNLEE.. @mrwhostheboss Ι bet you never saw that coming
Camera test please
This phone is my dream 😢
Yo can you talk abt the new Samsung Ai Ballie?
Feels like Pixel 8 pro rebranded as Samsung S24 ultra 😂😂
As a Iphone user, I always believed Android could do better and the only company I believe in is Samsung. This almost convinced me to switch to Android. Waiting for S25 to get even better.
And still the flash on/off is at the top when it should be at the bottom...
Would u recommend google pixel 8 or s24 ? 😂 Im currently usint Google pixel 6
Thank you for your 12 year of amazing tech videos ❤
Great video as always 👍🏼.
after 6 months of use... any phone starts to be slow...
can I get a samsung Galaxy 24 ultra please
As a german i can asure you that the translation was completly crap.
This AI thing is one of those features that aren’t perfect just yet but Samsung just wants to beat everyone else to it, so they released it incomplete, and in a few years Apple will have perfected it and put it in their phones. That’s the difference, Apple gives you the complete experience while Samsung gives you a half assed feature
He said "Praise the LORD"! 😂😂😂😂 About time.
S22 ultra ❤
I went back to using my old iPhone 11 from s23 ultra. Although I love the camera there are so many things that sucks. Face recognition is so bad that I had to go back to using PIN code. Video recording is poor given the price. My iPhone 11 takes smoother videos. I tried playing pubg expecting it to kill it but sadly it sucked too. Frames aren’t really smooth and the gyroscope is what really upset me. Text recognition using camera is poor as well. I wasted $2200 for 512 gb version. And I’m sure this phone will still have those issues. Now I’m using an old iPhone 11. Will never use Samsung again although I really liked the s-pen and the camera (for photo).
The translator app in my iPhone does the same job, the AI has to step up. how can you always come up with half-finished ideas. Next year Apple will do it better, perfectly adapted to needs
Is there any chance of you doing a review on the Galaxy S24 or the S24+, because there's no chance that I can afford the Ultra?? 🙏🏼🙏🏼
Ive never like the rounded screens, they had edge features that I never ever wanted to use.
I think MrWhoisTheBoss is a kind of happy with S24, though he's always real with his points and good thing that Samsung heed to him.
Wait the chip is the "for galaxy" version? That's not even listed on Samsung own site. Weird.
at 0:17 we can see the person behind you who catch the phone :D  FAIL ! next time tell him to hide better :D
As an S23 Ultra owner the only thing that will make me upgrade is if Samsung launch a Galaxy Flip with the same camera module as the S24 - give me top quality cameras in a package that actually fits in my pocket without the risk of snapping my phone in half when I sit down.
Read fine print on AI features.... It says AI features will be free of charge until end of 2025 or something like that.... BIG NO NO!!!
Wowzers a 30 second advert before this started then a 30 second non skippable at 1:20 seconds into the video… then again at 4:45…… I gave up…. Too much Arun!!
7:26 Intelligent “optimisation”, lol. How intelligent a phone that can’t spell optimization correctly can be?
This just makes apple seem lazy
its cool and all but not worth to upgrade from s23 or even s22 ultra imo. the galaxy ai stuff will just a gimmick when openai and google push out their ai assistant, like bixby was. only difference now is, they are first instead of last. also big red flag, that they utilize exynos again. learned the lesson the hard way with note 10+ and only got back to samsung, because they stopped with exynos for a moment
Another banger of the video
Bismillah, semoga kebeli hp ini 😬😬😬
Jerry we are waiting...
Great. Now people can buy the S23 Plus at a discounted price, with a Snapdragon CPU instead of Shitxynos 😂
Superb review! Thank you so much.
Wow looks vastly different from S23. Definitely worth an upgrade 👍
In the past 4 to 5 years nothing has actually changed in the mobile phone arena
I used to have a couple of Samsung phones, got a MacBook and decided to switch to an iPhone, but seeing this phone I am really considering returning to Samsung.
Just realized that Starbucks product included in this video 14:06   Err… I hope it’s not on purpose or being sponsored coz lately too many boycott products placement in YouTubers video
Cant wait to see how google pixel version of AI implementation
I unsubscribed because of the Starbucks "ad"
finally a Samsung with 99% screen usage
They removed optical x10, and they announced that AI features you adore will be going UNDER subscription So.. I guess, I'll pass
man you say you're switching to samsung every now n then but you never switch instead you just make a video of saying switching back to iphone, all good but atleast be honest about it, rather than saying all this for a video
Honestly Couldn't be happier with my S23 Ultra. I felt the big jump when i upgraded from the S21 Ultra (exynos ugh), it was overheating and had random software bugs. The S23U is complete for me atm. I'll be considering upgrading to the S25 or S26 if they blow me away.
I use the I Phone 14 pro max and I don’t like it I would rather use the new s24
Fucking ad came over 4 times and I reload every funkin time. Worst part is it is 20s long.
As an iPhone user I’m embarrassed.
Basically, the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra's ProVisual Engine is mind-blowing Enhanced OIS for sharper images advanced video recording with top-notch noise reduction and AI-driven photo editing really set it apart The instant slow-mo and SuperHDR with live preview are icing on the cake for camera buffs Samsung is definitely raising the bar with this one 📸👍
Still waiting for the annoying punch hole to disappear
I was waiting for the samsung 24 ultra so that i can purchase s22 ultra 😊
Funny how I always like the videos before actually watching them.
RIP Curve Edge Display (2015-2023).
I wouldn't be getting this phone if my s23 ultra wasn't smashed and half of the screen didn't work. I've been using it exclusively with the s pen for the last two weeks
So basically, my s23 ultra is still oki. And i am not missing much.
Still these phones are not good  in front of S8 ( I still miss that phone alot )
Could you compare the Exynos and Snapdragon Variants?
I love how zero youtuber is mentioning the Exynos 2400 like it doesn't even exist
I'm glad that you're going to switch to the Galaxy finally
Mrwhosetheboss, I hope that you not just surpass Apples' official channel in number of subscribers but, also hit 20M subs within the first 6 months of this year.  All of us really appreciate your work and efforts. Keep it up.
Smart keyboard:🤩🤩  Meanwhile Gboard: i already do that ☠️
🇵🇬🇵🇬,,,
summary: MEH
1:29 apple be like = ti-titanium! h-how
how is titanium stronger but the ip 15 bends???
You've mastered the art of grabbing viewer's attention. This felt like a 5-minute video 😮
Would you give away phone i only have a Huawei RNE-L22 alot of app is not available for me and bad quality picture so lag while playing games. Maybe you could change my life. Please 😊
one of the most reliable reviews.
It's a massive upgrade from S23 but honestly i dislike that they removed the edge screen , I know it's not neccessary but the pen , The edge screen and the Box shape was what made ultra feel special for me , Otherwise it looks great
ppl still prefer iphones bcuz ios. lmao. ios as shit as samsung's os
Idk why people say iphone will do better thats what they say every year but release a copy and paste iphone with 10 more gb of memory and a shiny frame iphone just cant compete with Samsung anymore
4 times the screen glass 16 times the details
iPhone better
dude just use a phone case if you don't like the indent. I like the sharp edge.
0:17  good Catch buddy
This guy knows more about the phone than the company
Samsung: Innovation and technology.   Iphone: Trend and a copycat.
I wonder how many of these features will be available on older Samsung devices like s23u, or will they be exclusive to s24
I don't know, I don't see any difference accept for AI
i saw your friend in the back ground of you 😛😛😛😛🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Marketing bullshit still runs android the hardware still don’t change the os , and we think it’s soo good here is a free watch , a big discount, store credit case etc etc 😂😂😂😂
I comment very rarely. There will be a point in time when you ask the following question, "WTF do I need this for?" ... You will look at the phone that was released in 2016 and will laugh questioning why you need to upgrade.
The way the samsung galaxy s7 pop out of his hand  😅, im using it now watching his video
10x is optical zoom in S23 Ultra.  10x is digital zoom in S24 ultra.  Optical is always lossless because the zooming in would be keeping "every small/intricate detail of subject in focus".  Digital zoom on the other hand would rely on the best quality captured by 50MP at 5x optical and upscale it to 10x digital hoping to capture "ALL optical lossless intricate details" just like 10x optical.  Since AI is there, the quality of shots should be comparable or better.  However, whether "those intricate details are captured" by this upscaled image remains to be seen.
Hallelujah!!  Did you really mean for viewers to join you in expressing gratitude for God's blessings and deliverance; or declaring His righteousness and victory; or to join you in praising Him?  This is what Praise the Lord means. If you are going to you a phrase you should use it correctly and not as (what you might intend as) humor.  Religious exhortations are intended as reverence for God and not as replacements for “cool,” or “great,” and certainly not for “awesome,” as only God is awesome.
That Samsung S24 looks sleek. When my hands are wet, it'll easily slip off my grasp.
I will deeply miss the curved screens
The international call ai translation is game changer for those who need it. Fantastic for travellers and business people alike.
And this AI stuff is a paid subscription at the end of 2025. Google it if you don't believe me
guys plz sub to him he almost beat apple
Are you switching to an Samsung with an apple watch on hand!!!
And that, is the accelerated death for Apple...
The boxy design is for note fans and stands out from other phones
On a side note, what do you think of the Samsung dex feature? is it a niche thing from Samsung or is it something that you find useful?
Manifesting Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra 😭
Me to myself : Bhai tu kyu dekhraha hai Aukat hai isko kharidneki😂😂
17:46 thats the AI speaking😂
and all them were on the pixel
Pre ordered mine with those Samsung online only colours.
S23U is the final OG, no edge no 10x, I'm keeping this for a legendary story in future ❤  But hey ofc I'm gonna buy new sam phones
The no explanation feature sales jargon needs to be held accountable Apple too
That intro made me LOL everyone keeps buying the same phone over and over and over again. Mugs. I'll stick with my P30 Pro. Still nothing worth upgrading to
time to ditch my iphone too, which will re invent galaxy AI in 2030, but my ip14pm served me well but time for a switch
Why do I feel like this is a promotional video
Lmao, did he say peasant snap gen 8 💀
Bro... Your videos are becoming too long. It was cooler when they were 8mins
Apple is the boss, and Samsung always copies the concept from boss iPhone. Is your smart watch an Apple product? :)
The iPhone catch was pretty good timing😂😂kudos to the one who caught it
✓ I believe we are meant to be like Jesus in our hearts and not in our flesh. But be careful of AI, for it knows only things of the flesh such as our fleshly desires and cannot comprehend things of the Spirit such as true love and eternal joy that comes from obeying God's Word [Galatians 5:16-26]. Man is a spirit and has a soul but lives in a body which is flesh. When you go to bed it is the flesh that sleeps, but your spirit never sleeps and that is why you have dreams, unless you have died in peace physically. More so, true love that endures and last is a thing of the heart. When I say 'heart', I mean 'spirit'. But fake love, pretentious love, love with expectations, love for classic reasons, love for material reasons (love because of material needs) and love for selfish reasons those are things of the flesh. In the beginning God said let us make man in our own image, according to our likeness. Take note, God is Spirit and God is Love. As Love He is the source of it. We also know that God is Omnipotent, for He creates out of nothing and He has no beginning and has no end. That means, our love is but a shadow of God's Love. True love looks around to see who is in need of your help, your smile, your possessions, your money, your strength, your quality time. Love forgives and forgets. Love wants for others what it wants for itself. However, true love works in conjunction with other spiritual forces such as patience and faith - in the finished work of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, rather than in what man has done such as science, technology and organizations which won't last forever. To avoid sin and error which leads to the death of your body and your spirit-soul in hell fire (second death), you must make God's Word the standard for your life, not AI. If not, God will let you face AI on your own (with your own strength) and it will cast the truth down to the ground, it will be the cause of so much destruction like never seen before, it will deceive many and take many captive in order to enslave them into worshipping it and abiding in lawlessness. We can only destroy ourselves but with God all things are possible. God knows us better because He is our Creater and He knows our beginning and our end. The prove texts can be found in the book of John 5:31-44, 2 Thessalonians 2:1-12, Daniel 2, Daniel 7-9, Revelation 13-15, Matthew 24-25 and Luke 21.  *HOW TO MAKE GOD'S WORD THE STANDARD FOR YOUR LIFE?* You must read your Bible slowly, attentively and repeatedly, having this in mind that Christianity is not a religion but a Love relationship. It is measured by the love you have for God and the love you have for your neighbor. Matthew 5:13 says, "You are the salt of the earth; but if the salt loses its flavor, how shall it be seasoned? It is then good for nothing but to be thrown out and trampled underfoot by men." Our spirits can only be purified while in the body (while on earth) but after death anything unpurified (unclean) cannot enter Heaven Gates. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God [Matthew 5:8]. No one in his right mind can risk or even bare to put anything rotten into his body nor put the rotten thing closer to the those which are not rotten. Sin makes the heart unclean but you can ask God to forgive you, to save your soul, to cleanse you of your sin, to purify your heart by the blood of His Son, our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ which He shed here on earth because Isaiah 53:5 says, "But He was wounded for our transgressions, He was bruised for our iniquities; the chastisement for our peace was upon Him, and by His stripes we are healed". Meditation in the Word of God is a visit to God because God is in His Word. We know God through His Word because the Word He speaks represent His heart's desires. Meditation is a thing of the heart, not a thing of the mind. Thinking is lower level while meditation is upper level. You think of your problems, your troubles but inorder to meditate, you must let go of your own will, your own desires, your own ways and let the Word you read prevail over thinking process by thinking of it more and more, until the Word gets into your blood and gains supremacy over you. That is when meditation comes - naturally without forcing yourself, turning the Word over and over in your heart. You can be having a conversation with someone while meditating in your heart - saying 'Thank you, Jesus...' over and over in your heart. But it is hard to meditate when you haven't let go of offence and past hurts. Your pain of the past, leave it for God, don't worry yourself, Jesus is alive, you can face tomorrow, He understands what you are passing through today. Begin to meditate on this prayer day and night (in all that you do), "Lord take more of me and give me more of you. Give me more of your holiness, faithfulness, obedience, self-control, purity, humility, love, goodness, kindness, joy, patience, forgiveness, wisdom, understanding, calmness, perseverance... Make me a channel of shinning light where there is darkness, a channel of pardon where there is injury, a channel of love where there is hatred, a channel of humility where there is pride..." The Word of God becomes a part of us by meditation, not by saying words but spirit prayer (prayer from the heart). Take note, God is Spirit and those who worship Him should do so in spirit and truth (genuinely by living the Word). When the Word becomes a part of you, it will by its very nature influence your conduct and behavior. Your bad habits, you will no longer have the urge to do them. You will think differently, dream differently, act differently and talk differently - if something does not qualify for meditation, it does not qualify for conversation.   *THE BATTLE BETWEEN LIGHT AND DARKNESS (GOOD AND EVIL)* Heaven is God's throne and the dwelling place for God's angels and the saints. Hell was meant for the devil (satan) and the fallen angels. Those who torture the souls in hell are demons (unclean spirits). Man's spirit is a free moral agent. You can either yield yourself to God or to the devil because God has given us discretion. If one thinks he possesses only his own spirit, he is lying to himself and he is already in the dark. God is light while the devil is darkness. Light (Holy Spirit) and darkness (evil spirit) cannot stay together in a man's body. God is Love (Love is light) and where there is no love is hell, just as where there is no light is darkness. The one you yield yourself to, you will get his reward. The reward of righteousness to man's spirit is life (abundant life) and the reward of sin to man's spirit is death. Sin and satan are one and the same. Whatever sin can cause, satan also can cause. Sin is what gives the devil dominion or power over man's spirit. When God's Word becomes a part of you, sin power over you is broken, you become the righteousness of God through Christ Jesus. Where Jesus is, you are and when He went (to the Father), you went. In the book of John 8:42-47, Jesus said to them, “If God were your Father, you would love Me, for I proceeded forth and came from God; nor have I come of Myself, but He sent Me. Why do you not understand My speech? Because you are not able to listen to My word. You are of your father the devil, and the desires of your father you want to do. He was a murderer from the beginning, and does not stand in the truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaks a lie, he speaks from his own resources, for he is a liar and the father of it. Which of you convicts Me of sin? And if I tell the truth, why do you not believe Me? He who is of God hears God’s words; therefore you do not hear, because you are not of God.” My prayer is, "May God bless His Word in the midst of your heart." Glory and honour be to God our Father, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ and our Helper the Holy Spirit. Watch and pray!... Thank you for your time and may God bless you as you share this message with others.
So apart from all the PR, it's not much better than the old one.  AI is not on the phone.  It only links to it.  Not any upgrade to the phone itself.
Pixel 8 was able to do all of this almost a year ago lol
satyam bhai is iphone lover
So basically not worth upgrading at all if you got a S23 Ultra
0:19 That save!!!😅
Increadible review as always
Did Samsung do these software things or was it Google? Privacy - are these conservation listening apps and image looking at apps a privacy disaster?
S24 Ultra is phone of the year
As a concert goer, is the zoom in videos better than S23??
My father's considering to buy a new phone after he slightly damaged the bottom right corner of his S22Ultra and is now torn between the iPhone 15 pro max or pre-ordering the S24 Ultra
Design & Color 0:32
Same phone presented as the new mesiah. Misterwhostheshill😅
No comment on the exynos versions?
There's no downgrading once you get your hands on a phone like this 😶
Why you have promoting starbuck?
كن سبباً في كثرة الصلاة على النبي ﷺ
Arun doing the Usual Samsung fan boy review instead of an unbiased review, reviewers are supposed to be unbiased and objective Arun
Sigh..
Does that video slo-mo actually require AI? Its just a touch response and you just slow down the FPS after that.
Yes He's back
Definitely can't wait to get my S24 Ultra
Just saw MHKD review
Hi there, a great review! Thank you! I had a question & i could be completely misinformed, but I thought I read in a couple of places that the front camera has dropped in MP from 40 (in my s22 ultra) to a 12? I mean, not a huge issue- the only time I use it is taking pictures of my child &/or husband & I together, but just wondering why it has become what seems like quite a bit lower? & if that even is a bad thing for photo quality?  I'm sorry for the long comment, I just haven't been able to find out anything about this change, other than it's happened, anywhere yet.  Thank you! 😊
14:30  Arun never fails to rickroll us does he...(You can hear the start of the rickroll if you listen closely)
"Bunch of important hardware improvements"  and "Updated design", seriously?  I mean this part could be planted in the original RoboCop without any editing as one of the ads presented to the masses 🙂 Good Job!
About the sharp corner: I actually prefer it because I find it helps the phone not slip when you're holding it at awkward angles one handed. Noticed this when needing to take pictures in an engine or on a ladder with gloves. That said, I realize this might be a minor use case and people would prefer something more comfortable.
7:27 that's for capturing UFOs 🛸 😂🤣
The sharp corners, hate them too
And here I'm still got lots to check my s23ultra 😅
Google Pixel8 is already generations ahead of S24 series.
Is the screen 4X STRONGER than last year?  It's the REPAIR price cheaper?
This video convinced me to buy iphone, again. That's why i fell in love with iphone. Simple and boring. You have your screen looking like this, feel free to change wallpaper. Feel free to swap between dark and light mode.  enjoy😂 dk, but i actually love it that way. restricted customisation makes that phone awsome imo
s24 is googles dream data miner. no privacy from this point on
That live translation feature is huge and honestly revolutionary. Brings us closer to universal communication.
The LG company was already gearing up for this with the ThinQ. Sad they no longer exist
how much did starbucks pay you for this promo smh
I😢😂i😢😂😂i😢
Typical half-assed early Android BS implementation that doesn’t work well in the real world. Truly wish they got it right at least once
S24 looks beautiful.
I know I can't afford this phone but I come here everytime to learn some awesome English Vocabs he uses and the way he delivers speeches is so attractive to listen and to watch.Thank you @Mrwhosetheboss🙂
aaron these days just emphasize brands and phones and rivalry and features (which are actually like a half way upgrade to sell one generation double time) he was more honest back in time and giving the good details of experience but not any more 😑🎭
That hand indentation will probably be the sweetest problem for me if own one of these soon 😅
I am curious what will get better with software updates? I loved the notes thing and the recording conversation and summary but apparently they have a lot of issues. Will that get patched on this or do I wait for the next gen?
the catcher at 0.17 seconds !!! - I tries so hard, but in the end it doesn't even matter !!
why does he always try to bring up his fiancee in all of his videos
I finally found someone that like the curved screen like me​, thanks for your video
7:35 was unexpected
Al slow motion, most useless feature....
alright brother, stop the cap. there is no way the edges of your phone are "too sharp" for your hands. its a phone, not a damn knife
The edge symmetry is actually a downgrade. This means there is less space for cases for lip protection for upper and lower sides of the phone.
"Ai features free untill the end of 2025" yea no thanks. You cant yap about something as much as samsung did aboud samsung ai and then make us pay for it yikes
ngl curved screens looked waay too good to give up
I honestly would love to give a Galaxy a try, I can confidently say there is a lot better over iPhones. However, I can’t stand the UI, even the dedicated control buttons at the bottom are so ugly in my opinion. I’m also not a fan of the extremely square design. I’m also not someone that needs every part of my phone customisable, so until the UI gets a nice change, I’ll be sticking to iPhone.
rounded corner is better looking. I just don't like files from Galaxy can't transfer them with cable to iPadair5. always hated Apple, but only the iPhone SE I bought.  Samsung phones don't work well with gimbals or accessories are not made unlike the iPhone. why do all YouTubers, or those who make videos use iPhones and can use lens gadgets with the iPhone. Fav phone was a Nokia, but they destroyed themselves. Fun of Sony, but they don't make good phones to beat the markets, but they make many things for iPhones and other phones.
Color does not matter to me as Unicorn Beetle case encase the entire phone and have been using them since the S2 :P Also phone company can upgrade me from s22 ultra to whatever phone I want in 6 months for 0.1 USD lol, as long as we stay with the phone company, we get a new phone every 2-3 years
this kinda looks like the old sony xz phones
I got massively burned by the Zfold 4, dropped nearly £2k on it thinking it would be a 4-5yr long device for me but I was desperately wanting rid after 2 months, absolutely horrible device.  Just ordered the S24 Ultra and for me this is Samsungs last chance, if I feel let down by this personally I'm off to iPhone and throwing in the towel on Android.
Flat screen... This is how you turn an s24U in to a54💀
Got the s23 ultra and half these so called improvements are software based that could have been baked into the s20 ultra.  BS. But as usual,  reviewers can't be blunt
A good budget phone then ?
Curved display is my love at first glance. This flat display with that side frame curved out is so ugly
Never understand why colour design is so overrated..the first thing i always do is buy a leather phone wallet and etc
Instant slow mo can be used for many things 😅
When Samsung ditches Google entirely out of their phone ill switch.
Yes iPhone is behind but they polish it off time
I'll believe you really like this phone when the watch on your wrist changes 🫢
Dont get me wrong, brother, but I think you are the problem, I do believe that you don't speak clearly enough, I love your videos no hate at all
He is Iphone Guy !!
boycot starbuck... free paletine
Have been following you for more than 3 years now and I feel a large slice of gratitude is due from my side to you for making me get indulged in the world of tech! I must say I love the every-fluid style of your presentation in every piece of content you ever post. However, the exclusion of timestamps and those little bobs on the edge of the video that used to indicate what feature/topic was about to be mentioned next greatly bothers me. It always gave me a sense of knowledge about what is to come so I could look onto it.  Lovely lovely work other than that and I hope the best of the times to my favourite youtuber! <3
basically I need a pixel❤
Can this one take a picture of Neptune?
I dont want a shitty samsung AI, I want mighty google Bard as my AI assistant. Thats why I may opt for the new Pixel.
Damn I need this device
12:28 for AI features
Just AI is so much better than every new feature in 15 Pro Max
Guess I'll stick with s23 ultra until S26 ultra comes out. Literally can't see anything much better coming out in the next 2 years.
Apple will bring all this innovations after 10 years on iphone 25 and fool its sheep into believing they have a great phone.
The sharp sides makes the phone stand out from all the other smooth side phones it looks pretty sick
Beggers can’t be choosers 😂 I actually love the sharp sides looks sick
Min 17 of the video is the future for sure 🤯
Would I be able to film aliens super clear the next time they are hanging out in Miami!?
When ur toking like zat tha phone should be confused wota smarta😂
Hi
one reason why summative ai and generative ai are not running locally on the device is that their models are really big and running them with good enough speed requires top of the line x64 cpus and expensive gpus. even though snapdragon 8 gen 3 is quite powerful, an arm processor is not powerful enough to run these crazy large models offline.
1:52 That's my current phone still fully functional with Knox security and Secure Folder which isn't even present on One UI Core Version❤😂
100 TECH THINGS THAT MAKE YOU WHAT??? - 16:09 if you missed it
Omg this phone is so much better than last year's phone wawaw so many minor details that nobody cares about are so much different than last year, I'm totally not getting paid to say this btw it's justhow good this phone is compared to last year!!
I will be honest the phone is great, but the things u showed about in keyboard translation and finding stuff on the internet through photo's has existed since s22 ultra
Local LLMs are huge.  They're the next Smartphone and the next Internet.  At work I'm hamstringed into not using them, but at home I code so much faster with them.  I can build stuff fast I don't know enough about, random things like "Combine these WAVs into a MP3 in memory" - It's something I never needed before yesterday, but I had it up and running in minutes.  Absolutely bonkers.  By the way, dear reader, y'all can do that for free on your own hardware.  For LLMs, a good small one will be Mistral (And its many variants, but the Mistral Chat model will do great for most of you).  For Speech to Text, with or without translation, use the Whisper model.  Ask ChatGPT on how to get those to run and enjoy!  If you have better hardware, then go with Mixtral and be ready to have your mind blown.
Wait, there's a new samsung?
You get your video translated into Hindi also.
at this moment. performance becoming clickbait that manufacturers use. chip performance only affect on low/mid tier phone. high tier phone is always overpowered like pc processor on laptop. the power is useless on phone because it can’t be utilised. like arun say. rn what important is the efficiency of processor. phone smoothness is more on hardware. its good that cpu is more power but more cores will be put to sleep at most time and it waste of space and power. sometimes i wonder how iphone have that efficiency in battery life and still have powerful chip. not as power like snapdragon. maybe the ui or its better hardware. overall i like samsung phones for daily use but its have too much thing that i unlikely will used and eating storage and battery. iphone little bit too simple but its just what i need. google pixel have the mid between both. its efficient and simple enough
I'm not a big fan of the day they release the phone. August is better for me.
This leaves one Tim in a rather cooked stage?
Glade to see "ULTRA (Galaxy)" watch on your wrist.. Most unpaid product review  EVER..............
Aron,(SORRY, if the spelling of your name is wrong) If I'm not wrong a few years back you changed from Samsung to iPhone. I think it was a S10. then you switched to an iPhone. BTW YOUR CONTENT ROCKS!
You have it already? Wow faster than samsung stores 😂
Just a question Does this AI function work properly when the battery is below 10 percentage?
Hiii
I still have a Samsung S5 🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫🪫
This dude really went and said that Apple had killer zoom with their BS 5X zoom.  Bro, we working with 100X here, not that amateur stuff. Get with the program
Noooo I hate flat the displays
Is it true that the ai features are only free till 2025? And after that it will be subscription based?
It’s been so long since I’ve had a Samsung  It’s crazy how different they are now  If I wasn’t so invested into the Apple ecosystem I would definitely try one out
There is going to be app for all those AI Gimmicks in a month.
Android is android
Any chance anyone have any reviews that aren't by Apple D riders?
they took copy paste literally
Real time voice translation and the best part is "The other person can use any other phone" No doubt is the most feature packed phone on the market.
OPIC Technologies, has launched patented technology called "3D LiveStream". This enables the world's first ever live 3D conversations over the internet. We think it will be compatible.
Wow
all is well till that 1 purple line comes out....
These videos are so overly stimulating in their editing, they’re hard to watch
Iphone lost his innovation.   I Just switch to S24 Ultra
18:42 oh my god the phone completely and utterly butchered the translation to german
Another really informative video bud. Would be really interesting if you can do a video on how to transfer data from iPhone to android, been really tempted to go Samsung phones but just seems hassle to transfer data from iPhone.  But good video mate.
My complaint is that they are not putting the front camera underneath the screen. Is this because of a patent issue?
Its important to note that Samsung will only offer the AI features for free until 2025.
Praise the lord!
i really love the titanium color!
We don't have good lock in Romănia! It's 2024 Samsung! Wake up
if I buy the s23 ultra , I will save so much money. Maybe I'll get a used one.
I saw 3 reviews before this one and yours is the only one that makes sense and makes things pop. I am not saying you are perfect. But you are so much more effective now and we have warmed to your storytelling.
New achievement unlocked: got ur hand on samsung s24 ultra
Samsung and AI so early is like a trying beta version on something, they are never perfect. But Apple is different player, when they do it, they do it right! That’s the sad true for any android holder. My mom samsung FE from 2023 didn’t even unlock at the dark room … wtf ?! That’s what Im talking about!
Amazing phone 10/10 from me
Another disappointing reveal. The last thing I want in my phone is more intrusive AI. These phones minus the AI are the exact same phones from five years ago.
but did they fix shutter lag????
I prefer rounded corners like in the A54!!! :(
Samsung AI literally! Google lens🤔
Very nice but wheres the removable battery and self repair?
You review like an apple fangirl, sorry
Look arun as much i liked word per word analysis of the design. I hate to say the flat top and bottom with sharp corners make this phone stand out in the crowd .. plus it does have the square display because of that reason
Nothing new, the case was stolen from the iPhone and artificial intelligence does not exist, these are algorithms and programs, AI is Skynet, it is self-learning, it is self-aware, Siri is self-aware? Maybe Google? No, they are stupid and don’t always understand you and their work is limited, so stop lying to us, no one will invent AI yet)))
Another episode of not buying a smartphone but still see reviews
6 years ago, people wouldn't feel that way when Xperia XZ releases. When it's design now is identical.
I bought the 22u for photography and video. Youtubers talked so much about it and praised it and in the end, when I bought it, the photos are terrible, beyound repear... thanks youtubers for lying. So sorry (i am not sorry) for not trust you anymore....
What Apple wat h band is that blue band you are wearing?
Rubbish phone for the price!
Do these AI features ever work? These are all gimmicks. How did this get 17 million subscribers?
So how much Samsung pay you?
And - would you buy it?
Some one in the corner catched the phone
Please respect Nokia feelings  😩
Okay can I have that one
I really wish they would add a lidar sensor. Id like to do 3d scanning, and other ar applications.
Me watching this on a broken S7 edge! Knowing am never going to see one from near
God i wish i could afford one of these.epic work as allways mrwhosboss.keep it up bro.
Just so jealous of u getting the s24 Ultra faster than me. But pls can u give me one 😅😢 I've sub and watch almost all of ur vids.
my s22 ultra has been the most scratch resistant waterproof phone I ever had
there're very interesting. I think this samsung phone will be good.
Jesus is God & He loves you  Jesus will soon be seen by all men, women, and children in the clouds. Jesus is returning now! Believe and be saved.  Exodus 3:14 (God speaking) And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.  John 8:58 (Jesus speaking) Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.  John 10:30 (Jesus speaking) I and my Father are one.  Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, *The everlasting Father,* The Prince of Peace.  Matthew 1:23 Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, *God with us.*  John 1:1 & 14 1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 14 And the Word was made flesh (Lord Jesus), and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.  John 8:24 (Jesus speaking) I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.  John 14:9 (Jesus speaking) Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father?  Hebrews 1:1-3, & 8 (God calls His Son "O God" because Jesus IS God in the flesh) 1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, 2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds; 3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.  1 John 5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one.  Titus 2:13 Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;  Revelation 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; *and every eye shall see him,* and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.  Isaiah 44:6 (God speaking) Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.  Revelation 1:8 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, *the Almighty.*  Revelation 22:13 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.  ---  There Are None Righteous / How To Be Saved  Romans 3:10 & 23 10 As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one: 23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;  Luke 5:31-32 (Jesus speaking) 31 And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick. 32 I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.  1 Peter 3:18 (The word “quicken” means “to make alive”) For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:  Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.  Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: 9 Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Repent of your sins or suffer the consequences. Lord Jesus died in our places personally to take the death punishment that sin deserves and then resurrected by the power of God. Believe this and sincerely repent of your sins each time you sin and you will have eternal life and nothing to fear. Fail to repent and you will end up in the Lake of Fire.
Funny i feel like they stole a lot of the implementation of Google pixel device features
That writing style thing, I think it is meant to be useful for the ones who use English as their second or third language. (like me
Xiaomis are looking better.
I just got the S23 Ultra two weeks ago
Apple crying out loudly.. 😂
The flat screen is worth the upgrade for me. So sick of the curved sides.
i just got a OneUI 6 update on my A52.. samsung - well done!
Credit goes to the person who caught his iphone in the background 😭🙏
Why are you even wearing an Apple Watch if you are talking about Samsung 😂
to beat an iPhone you need to become the iPhone
Damn ppl have so much free time to watch such videos
All useless AI features.. Nothing new... Coward youtubers are paid well to promote not much interesting update.. 10x is gone what's use of 3x and 5x..
Mai amma behen pe aajaunga itne saare ad daldia
Please dubbing bangali  language
A lot of the 24 upgrades seem like software updates... and I do not see the benefit of having any more A.I. in my phone that there already is.
I saw many creators making a video about this phone but after watching your video I want to buy this phone 😂
Bro wtf already? I swear the s23 series was less than a year ago but my s22 Ultra still is excellent and works like new. I doubt they changed much.
I like the sharp edges, it's one of the reasons I like the note series/ultra phones over the standard. I'd make it more square edges if I could.
You know I'm still going to say the Note 10 plus is the best my other favorite one is the Note 4 that's because you got one amount of storage one amount of RAM and micro SD it was simple and it worked I wish I could go back and get my Note 10 plus I have the fold and it's okay I still miss the other one everything is so incremental that you really should not replace your phone except for once every seven to eight years
Bro you have to change your watch too 😄
No curves no upgrade. Maybe wait till they release s25 ultra with curves screen.
12:28 ok this is sick
Слишком комплиментарный обзор😏 очевидно проплачен👌
Apple fanboy reviewing Samsung
…and Apple will do it in 5 years time, and be slightly better. 😅
45 watt charger is embarrassing
He is literally a samsung fan or iphone fan since back in the day. No room for another brand to be lifted up 😂😂😂
Looks like Samsung is trying to be like iPhone
I dont really care about camera on phones tbh I don't really take that many pic
Samsung : We introduced gorilla glass armor but won't be comparing it.... Jerry : scratches at level 6 and deeper grooves at level 7.
When will samsung give us a Night Video mode that with crank up the ISO to like 16000 but use ai noise reduction? If DJI can do with the drones and the Pocket 3..... come on samsung
just hope samsung doesnt become the new apple with the same design every year and removing features many used like audio jacks or chargers in boxes
I wont change my iphone 15 pro max if samsung hasnt enabke log file camera
Nothing new, title is exazerrated
Looks like they got rid of that stupid lettering underneath the Samsung logo on the back of the phone? A small thing, but gives it a much cleaner and better look overall imo
S22 Ultra still going strong. Love this thing. I'll wait for the S25
0:17 - That was visible, But still a Great Idea in a Video ✨💐😁👍🏻
To be fair in regards to the transcribing feature. I don't think the language dictionary in the phone particularly knows what the different pokemon are.  I assumed it would be like our keyboard's auto-correct. Probably less of an issue when it comes to meetings etc.
Because of work, I’m stuck with a dumb iPhone. I really miss my Samsung phones, especially the note series which they call the ultra now. The day apple stops being difficult and joins in with everyone on the text messaging side I’m gone.
Same phone 07:00 what everyone is here for lol n yea same phone lol
at 2:05 they just take away the only thing left I like about Samsung
This channel should be called good looking guy with sponsor money. Get grifted.
Insane review. The product is out hours ago and this guy just nailed it. I even doubt if Samsung 's R & D team knows any better. Lol.. Won't be surprised if R&D VP follows Mrwhosetheboss 😂.. Keep  enlightening us bruhh. ❤
Also, worth mentioning, and is important to me, but didn't seem to be mentioned in the keynote:  The speakers have been upgraded again, as well as the mics, also more impressively, the camera can now record at 4K 120FPS like the Sony mirrorless cameras and Xperias.
and the AI will cost you after a year ,         it wont be free       get to love your AI and you can't do without it  then it will be time for you to pay ...
I have been watching you for 2/5 years and your still entertaining
Hoenstly, if their AI lives up to the promise that these previews that have come out in the last day show....the next iphone may have to be a game changer for me to stick with an iphone
I love the flat display, using the S-Pen at the outer reaches was always frustrating!
Idk man, maybe the AI is messing up your accent. Cause you said Squirtle in a weird way lol
it is an ultimate game over for all phones
So it's a pixel on crack 😭 I thought those were pixel exclusive features
Your video is amazing but this time I have a different Question. Which brand Sweatshirt are you wearing ? It looks tooo good
Ai is coming to the s23. Also, it won't be free after 2 years of release
S24 [not ultra]heating and battery test would be useful!
fix ur comment section its filled with scams
Is he married now?
If Apple’s AI is as crappy as Samsung’s they’re both going to be shat on from a great height by the Rabbit R1 if that lives up to their promises, we could be looking at a new Nokia/Blackberry/Apple takeover.
I like you tossed the iphone and continue to wear the watch - Assuming youre using an Apple watch - OOPS
Basically selling the same phone for 3years with updates so the production cost is low but we made some updates with Al so we would charge you premium even though you’re paying for the same phone when we could’ve just sent you an update what a joke
Did u change ur editor?
99.99% of everyone who has the samsung has a case. The "sharp" edges of the phone is a complete non factor.
Voice transcription for Pokemon Analogy 😂
LIVE TRANSLATION WAS LAUNCHED ON PIXEL PHONE'S WAY BACK DUDE I HAVE PIXEL 2XL I STILL HAVE IT DUDE GOOGLE PIXEL ROCKS
That phone is amazing! But the sharp corners 😬
Samsung put so much efforts to make this. I think it’s time to switch to Galaxy S24 Ultra while writing this comment on my 14 Pro Max.
Just canceled my order. I've been a hug fan since the s7 plus, but I heard ai going cost money. I think it's time to go back to Google. Had the nexus was awesome
I was an iPhone guy for years and years . I had almost everyone that was released , dropped them alot with and without cases and or screen protectors and NEVER yes NEVER had a cracked screen on any of them. So I switched over to galaxy s23 ultra and honestly was fascinated with it everything from performance, features and camera . Until I dropped it so gently of a drop and bam a horrible looking spider web  cracking,  starting where yep right on that curved screen edge and spread like wild. So I change cases to what's supposed to be the best case and put that one on my replacement s23 ultra.  What happens yep the tiniest of drops outta my hand to the table below it and right on the curve(which by  the way there's like NO case that can actually protect the edges) another spider web looking crack !! I sure hope this FLAT screen change solves this problem or I will be forced to return to an apple product as my next one .
Literally I don't see any  fascinating improvements yet😢
Is Gujarati available in the translation thingie!?
That all doesn't matter if the camera has input lag and loads slower than the 15 pro max.
Doesn't matter how good the cameras on on the current and previous series, the position of the flashlight is terrible, since note 20, the glare from the flashlight bleeds into the video and worst when using a cover
💥💥💥💥😊
Everyone waiting for the camera test   of 15 pro max vs S24 Ultra  Love form Bangladesh 🇧🇩
So many bot comments in the comments section. Exact same text and what not.
One of the best video out there on 24U. Super high quality  review. Great work, mate!
Hey ayrn it's my birthday 😊
भाई साहब आप किस देश का नागरिक है
I fucking hate Samsung
the only good thing about the Note series being called the S Ultra now is that we dont have to wait till the end of the year to get a new release. I went from the note 9 to my current note 20 ultra. ive been torn between the Z Fold 5 and the S23 ultra but i might wait a little longer and get the S24 ultra. This phone looks dope.
Me searching for a comment about samsung again coping apple…. (Titanium)
Hey he is wearing watch. An Apple Watch video soon
Long story short- I'll pass lol. Keeping my s 23 ultra
i dont know about this one boys
This phone looks great but when you have a wedding hopefully you pass a great day, happy early marriage
Why still boxy
Arun's wheezing after some laugh never gets old.
Bro literally all the IA functions are complete garbage and a downgrade on zoom shots? Not sure I'm buying this phone this year
Titanium is not a better thermal conductor than Aluminum. It's not even in the top ten of all materials. the top would be diamond, but that's too expensive.
We're getting closer and closer to Star Trek's Transceiver by the year and Im all for it.😂
The flat screen and 7 years software updates make me waver whether to upgrade from s23 ultra or not, waiting for apple to announce 10~15 years software upgrade😂
Isn't it's all the thing done already by Google yeah the generative editor thing that's not that bit of smooth due to its inferior processor but I don't think Galaxy AI isn't such thing to hype up so much which Google was doing from 2020 and the translation thing even before and with time it works more seamlessly
Loved this video MWTB, so glad you skill sets help us understand why we should buy this product.
Same phones every year,same damn reviews every year, everything is repetitive,still hyping up these over priced phones,paying more for small upgrades.
I didn't even realize S24 was launched, While Arun over here is explaining every single detail 😂
It’s a nice phone 📱 but I feel like iPhone does it more premium and more detail when it comes to similar features as galaxy.
How's that camera shutter speed?
I bet this comment won't get likes more than 1k.
AI good to go with Rabbit? Buy then out.
So the translate AI is a version of bad lip reading?
Aluminum A lu mi num 🎉
4:44 the competition obviously refers to the Iphone 15, Samsung provides the panels
Tho tempting... I got no trust in sumsungs... Rather take my chances with other android... Generations of S series and still have this sudden "cracked" line on screen after update... Trash phone!
how have I not been subbed and seen you for years lol
Can't wait for apple to release the siri pro in 2026 and call it a day by making millions more
This so called flagship phone is fuckgly!           *Love my RealMe phone🥰
I hate curve. I am so glad they removed it
so no reason to upgrade again...
just pre ordered it a bit ago lol
I went s24 ultra and iPhone 14 best of both worlds works better then getting a phone and tablet
damn video release yesterday but already got 4 million view
Will the bigger youtubers ever talk about the important things such as social media quality? Android snapchat expriece will never get fixed if you keep not talking about it!!!!
Aren't all the AI features coming to the S23 Ultra in an update?
SO MANY of us regular Joe's like nice phones but do not live a charmed life where a naked damned expensive phone will survive for even a day. Curved screen edge makes screen protectors more costly and they fall off in 60 days or less. Hurray! for flat screen!
11:49 Why isn't there Rickroll playing? 😂
Cell phones hit the glass ceiling, now they have to add “AI” to make them feel futuristic.
Great summary
Please do a video on Iqoo 12 phone
I havent been this excited for an android phone in a long time.
It's just a phone with lots of useless features for everyday life. I would rather prefer a stronger phone, not a fragile phone with marketing-glorified glass as housing that shatters if you drop it. Every phone I had broke from drops. It's time for a REALLY tough, transparent housing.
how many years do you think this phone will last or work??
I have a s22ultra & iphone15pro max for the longest ive always used the driod for gaming watching videos but for texting bank apps documents i iuse iphone. That being said i hate the fact i cant run a screen protector with my Samsung i hate the fact that anything face id or password things dont work it heats up fast and thats that i put it on a fan. The iphone 15 doesnt heat up at all lasts crazy amoints but it stil looks so bland when gaming Samsung just has that beautiful desgin.
Finally I'm upgrading my Note 10+ 😎👍🏻
True that
He sounds like he has sugar in his tank!
Cool, but can you review the Samsung Prison next?
If you the average person, you wont even noticed theses features.   Not worth upgrading.
I bet galaxy ai won’t be like Siri who will say “this is what I found in the web”
Gboard keyboard already has powerful translation ability built in
My s22 ultra still has 1 more year to it.
HOW MUCH DID STARBUCKS PAY YOU?
Can I just say , it has been over 7 years that we don't have Goodlock here in South Africa 🤞 🤔 I don't even think Samsung is going to release it for us to make the best of all the features provided by Samsung. Too make matters worse. I have a Samsung S22 Ultra, from my research I have a "Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1" WE STILL DON'T HAVE GOODLOCK FOR A DEVICE WE HAVE SPENT ALOT OF MONEY FOR. 🤔   SAMSUNG WHERE IS OUR ACCESS TO THE FEATURES YOU SAY COMES WITH THE DEVICE BUT YET IT HAS NOT BEEN MADE AVAILABLE TO US FOR YEARS NOW, THE INITIAL RELEASE FOR GOODLOCK WAS MARCH 2016 ?? 👀 💀  ANOTHER THING !! It is 17 January 2024, and WE ARE STILL SITTING ON ANDROID 13 ONE UI 5.1 FOR THE SAMSUNG S22 ULTRA IN SOUTH AFRICA.   I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A SAMSUNG FAN FOR OVER 20 YEARS BUT THIS IS PATHETIC SERVICE, MAYBE IPHONE WILL SEE ME SOON..‼️  GET YOUR PROMISES IN CHECK !!
Thank you for taking the time to provide an analysis of what the phone is. This is the 6th or 7th video I've watched on the release, and somehow only the first that isn't just a summary of what the phones are and what they can do.
but how does the typing feel? the Pixel 8 really spoiled me.
By switching to it you mean using it whilst you still use your iPhone and apple watch as daily drivers for everything you need ;)
Hey sir do you some spare of that phone..hmp can I have one as a gift😊😊I love Samsung so much..
LVL 1 - S22U FULL CURVE LVL 2- S23 SLIGHT CURVE LVL 3- FLAT SCREEN!   dam screen protector case no problem no more.
And the price is ...?
Great catch at 0:16 seconds hahaha
Love the new S24 Ultra review
I don’t think is worthy to upgrade if you have the s23 ultra honestly I was expecting more, Samsung always resales features that never work 100 % let’s be for real
The first half of the video is nonsense. I don't like you.
is the fake moon camera trick still working?
Just bought the Ultra solely because of the flat screen. I loved my Note 3.
wow 17.7m subscribe, almost beat MKBHD
I mean it's pretty good handset,but Samsung have to put some love into their phones and improve design at least
its nice to see them fix the camera. i felt like my s23 ulta was a step down from my s21 ultra. they need to add more features for editing images tho
Dislike. The AI FEATURES are only free until 2025. You have to pay for it. Why buy samsung there are lots of phone out in the market. Don't listen to influencers, it's their business to say good things.
Same after same.not worth it to pay such a lot of money.instead better buy Nubia z50s pro lol.
Samsung coming out strong
wow! but too expensive lol!
All I can say samsung nailed it this time. even with my s22u I am very happy with it, taking photos is like using a DSLR and the utra wide is astonishing.
Star Trek Universal Translator!
so imma just assume that either the 100x zoom on the astrophotography wasnt true, or that you just looked that over
can someone tell me how to fix my iphone. with the new update, when i try to set my lockscreen, the very top of my screen is blurry. can someone help me plz
Can you give away this Samsung phone ?
How can customers make an informed decision on buying this phone when the state of the main selling feature (Galaxy AI) is questionable after 2025?  The Galaxy AI will have an unknown payment model after 2025, and no word on what features exactly would be locked behind at that point.  From the sounds of it, the camera quality is dependent on AI, so will the quality becime less if the user does not pay the cost that is unknown at this time?  Big ole red flag, I say.
Don't get deceived by Samsung. Most of the AI features are from Google, most Samsung. Whenever Google updates their AI features, Samsung will not be the first to receive those for sure. If one is so into the AI, should just get a Pixel 8 instead. For example, Circle to search will be coming to Pixel phones by end January too, or perhaps other brands of phones as well. And oh btw, how many years of updates does Samsung provide? What happens after the support periods is over? No more AI updates?? My P8P has 7 years to go FYI.
Why I'm hating apple
Do you really have to show off a movie when reviewing a phone...? I hate getting spoiled on movies I plan to watch just because idiots randomly bring them up when they don't need to and it's not relevant to the video.  14:25 Really? A watermark in the actual image? Way to ruin the image. Typical corporations, handicapping AI to cover their ass.
would be cool to see some AI chat/generative apps included as well. i have an S22 ultra right now, got to test the S23 over a year ago and decided it wasnt a big enough upgrade, but seeing this S24 ultra i think its worthy of an upgrade! kind of sucks the looks are almost the exact same, but the minor improvements in every area i think add up. the 5x camera vs the 10x i think will be used so much more now, the 10x really was too much with too poor of quality.
I had the s22 ultra, wasnt too happy with s23, the s24 ultra feels so clunky, I ended up getting 15 pro max instead, the s24 and plus just seem like iphones looks wise andd dont perform as well
Could you giveaway one to me
Nice video as always. Please make a video on Vivo X100 Pro, I am waiting for your review.
Is there any promo codes for pre ordering ?
Samsung should buy Apple.
Those AI features are amazing, waiting for them to come to Iphone
I have an s21 ultra, amazing phone. And the s22 and s23 have also been amazing phones but not enough for me to upgrade. This might be a good enough excuse to upgrade 😂
I enjoy my time with Samsung devices, but my heart ALWAYS sinks when I see those big ugly icons. I'd love a redesign on the next iteration of One UI
Aren't the AI features only free until 2025? If so, that really sucks.
It never ceases to amaze me how blatantly obvious it is that Samsung copies Apple haha.
A new Samsung phone came out?
Over 4 million views in 1 day .Class !
I have a s23 ultra, this isn’t worth the upgrade to me, plus not a fan of A.I.
Love the Apple Watch
My mate Vince tune 😂
18:40 wow, that translation into German was BAD. The grammar is all messed up 😅  Not a good sign considering that is a pretty standard phrase and German is not some kind of niche language
Love your videos
I pre ordered my phone. I got 1000 off, and rakuten saved me additional money.
No matter how great our phone camera become, there are still shitty software and social media platforms that ruined the real quality of your photos without look up tips, resizing, editing and work around.   Social media platforms really needs to upgrade their platforms when it comes to photos quality and more transparent. Some of them has the money to do so, I feel. Lol.
Its true that AI will be free just until 2025 ? And then we must pay ?
Samsung 🔥 🔥
I just bought my s23 ultra last week 🤡
You're not using real words. Made up names for a children's cartoon.
damn the views was 3m and not long after its 4m
Wow had to use the iPhone message tone....smh
Bro finally dropped!!!!!!!!!!!
Samsung copy cat iPhone
The question is. Does S23 ultra get this AI features in upcoming updates?
6:01 and how well will it age
All this talk about design ans colour and we'll just have to cover it up with a case 😔
why would they make it more boxy? corners are more prone to breakage, and looks awful.  i like the look of my old v-60 better than my s23u
Sad, -13% in sales and now this s###. Nothing new, why to upgrade SUltra model. Simple suggestion, get a Iphone. And a question, how much Samsung paid you?
It's very luxurious, I also want to own it, unfortunately, the contents of my wallet refuse to have that item
all this cool stuff and nobody cares about the fact the price got increased 😢
I can really see how happy you are with Samsung now. I have never seen this happiness in your eyes as of now
When you reach the limits of the hardware, the only thing left is going full Software. This is what S24U's about.
I really want this but I need them to finally let us take video while playing music it's so annoying that the music stops
ive had the s20 for 3 years now, i think its time for a upgrade and s24 ultra looks lovely😍❤
Wow I need that my boyfriend speaks Korean not strong English
Hey bro between the iphone 13 pro, the iphone 14 and the samsung galaxy 23 ultra which do you think i should go for
are u able to disable the AI features
The S24 Ultra looks like the iPhone??? The S24+ looks near identical to one.
Do Iphone 15 and Samsung S24 comparison
Bro didnt the 23 jus come out? 😭
Holy Samsung 😮whats to cost
3 generations
meanwhile Apple: USB C! lmfao
Very informative indeed. Watched the whole thing. Clear, concise and you made it fun. You also bring up points that I wouldn't have thought to ask...Kudos. :) I have been waiting for this phone to come out (pre-order) as I NEEDED to upgrade, Yeah, we all need to upgrade, but my S8 battery has finally gone kaput so I held off on the S23 Ultra. This review helped solidify a purchase despite the cost.  Cheers my man. 😁
You switching to and full time? Also can you try the game “Roblox” ?
I hate that Samsung is moving away from curved glass screens.  It was one of the most unique things they did and make they phone not only look but feel seemless.
Most of these features i can do on my Note 9. I still have headphones jack and M SD card. Nothing this phone offers would make me upgrade from my Note 9.
samsung galaxy s21 ultra 5G 👍
I ordered the green version. The camera is going to be amazing!
18:39, That was a good one, not gonna lie!
£1,249 on Amazon.
Cool AI features. I'm buying the S25 Ultra next year once they improve them based on feedback from those buying the S24 Ultra this year.
Still don't give a damn about these changes. No microsd card and the storage isn't enough. The other features aren't relevant to me for the money. Could give a crap.
It's the same phone with titanium as the s23 which was the same phone as the s22 the only difference is they have "ai" which is just probably calling back to gpt3.Amd a new higher price bottom.  There saved you time and money wait another year.
So you are telling me it will take 20gb phone storage of my phone , ohhh intersting 🙂🙂
Bro the 4 year old note already has 12gb ram, where's the upgrade?
Lets just keep in mind that the best keyboard is google’s, so pretty much all of those new features seems like they are only gonna be available in Sammy’s keyboard..🥲
this guy making 7 figures yearly and gets sent free 1500$ phones to review the very meaning " the rich get richer " and the poor get poorer"  he controls the masses and the masses by the phone with their money when they can barely pay their rents.
Samsung charging subscriptions for their $1,300 phone can get fkuced
The most exciting feature of Galaxy Ultra was the 10X zoom, it's sad that they're taking that away.
When it didn’t recognized Squirtle that means it doesn’t talk Pokemon. 😂
Excellent review! I appreciate your transparency sir!!
As an owners of a S23 Ultra... should I had waited??
Lmao the phonk ik ur exicted bro
In fairness to the meeting AI thing, it wounds weird to me too when you say "Squirtle." Maybe it just hasn't been trained very well on non-American accents yet.
Anyone else noticed at 0:17 guy from behind catching the phone.😅
Everything is PERFECT!   A.I. YAY!  NO CONSEQUENCES!  😔
AI stuff feels like it shouldn't have been released this year. They shoukd keep updating it. I dont expect anyone to use it.
Just hope this ai phone doesn't turn into skynet
I’ve been hearing him say he’s switching from his iPhone for the past 7 years
Boring new phone 😴 I am nor impressed
You are just the best Mr Whosetheboss. Awesome review as usual. The most exhaustive analyses ever. Keep it up. You are the boss. ❤
Samusng's  phone have been the shadow of their past, Apple is wiping the floors with them especially in the US . Don't remember the last tme I have seen a person with a samsung phone.
That blind catch at 1:50 😯
I love how Sony made boxy phones years ago and everyone crapped on them, and now it's becoming the style.
We need to see a comparison between this and xiaomi 14 pro and ultra
Samsung just copied Apple and then added 2 more cameras I mean the titanium
Big L for Apple
Yo
Damn samsung 🤧
100% Guaranteed that the vast majority of people could care less about Samsungs half baked AI
Man, saying Squirtle was quite dangerous man ! 🤣🤣🤣
Eh. Not worth the upgrade from s23. S22? Absolutely.
cringe
Actually the memory has gone down. My Galaxy S21 Ultra has 16gb of memory.
Lets bring @jerryrigseverything to come and test the scratch resistant of the allegedly 4x stronger screen 😂😂😂
I wish they would increase the Volume capability instead of Brightness capability.
Damn your edits and presentation on your videos are amazing! Im planning to trade in my iphone 14 pro max to an s24 ultra, might get the Titanium Orange online exclusive.
Love your videos but Samsung is NOT the way to go.   had one of the original Notes.  Unfortunately, after my experience with the Samsung Ultra S23, I am not interested in buying their products.    It is not just that the phone failed to turn on within a few months, it is how they treat their customers when there is a problem with their product.  I was unable to reach anyone, there website cycles back to non-functioning links on the Canadian site.  Now the camera is not working and I have troubleshooted all I can do including a full reset.  Hours in dealing with all these problems.  And being without a phone again, for weeks?    This should be a refund/replace situation.  Where else can you pay almost $2000 for a product and there is as little responsiveness as this??
Hey Arun in your next video you should do a speed test and a battery test between the Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra the Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra the Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra and the new Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra too see which one is the best.
I have a s20 and will continue to have a s20 until they come out with something new
Its easy to say the information that you take from Samsung and say it but it’s hard to make it enjoyable and interesting like what you just did in this review 👏
This dude must make a killing off his videos. It hasn’t even been a couple days and he’s already had almost 4,000,000 views.
Does this guy know what AI means or is he reading what Samsung gave him? :)) how many of those features are able to automatically learn and upgrade themselves in time? He calls touching a movie player to reduce its framerate by half as AI :))
Silently waiting for Galaxy S24 Mini Ultra
My OnePlus 9 Pro already have 4K 120FPS, it was released almost 3 yrs ago
Nah, my S22 ultra is still a great deal
First says AI is crazy then after 3min of video start to spit and giving low scores to it😂 Who even believe these pay youtubers anymore lol
The AI Translator thing sounds like we are getting close to that universal translator thing in Star Trek!.
Thank God my dream phone s23+ price would now be dropped...... now i can proceed to upgrade from my s10plus 💪💪
if they add ai to your photos and they give you no choice then that feels unethical
Whooooa. Doing a spot in 50 bucks deposit for preorder in store. a trade in tho. cause got a samsung s21. Your video helps solidify my decision. Samsung store allowed me to match the 2.5x trade in value, plus free limited double storage, credits add on for accessories for it for a s21 ultra for s24 ultra.
The German translation at 18:43 was just complete nonsense🤣
Titanium Samsung. Wow. Where do they get their ideas from... 🍎
Oooh but when u tilt the phone and look at the screen does it have a greenish tint to the screen like the s23 ultra does? X
❤
18:15 another dope thing.  I saw the commercial for it 🔥. So only two dope things for the S24U in MY opinion
16:45 okay now that's dope..that's the only thing good on the S24U😂😂
Lol that Titanium is particularly fishy 😂
Imagine having 17.7 million subscribers and still asking the viewers mid-video to hit the subscribe button
The german translation was extremly wrong
15:18 lol exactly AI isn't even INTELLIGENT if it can't make out squirtle😂😂
Technology is to make life easier and Samsung is doing just that.
3:41 What the HELL is a rooter for wifi ??? 8:08 sooo what you are saying is samsung is gonna fake photos again like they did with the moon photo scams lol
13:09 hmm i guess some don't kno that you can edit ya videos into slow motion 😂😂 but okay AI😂
Samesung
11:46 lol umm that's on the s23U ..
Arun hasn't closed his rings
Congrats 🤵‍♂💍!
Is that pink one an s24 ultra 👀
Samaung is trying to be like apple of androids. Changing so minimally and least upgrades. I was expecting so much from samsung this year
chatGPT must be sweating
Spying getting better at insane speed.
Funny, nowadays I find iPhones boring, and after experiencing so many Samsungs with swollen batteries, I get more excited about the innovations from any other brand.
Okay so the big difference between the s23U and the s24 and Ultra is the AI?! Lol got it! I'll be sticking with my S23U until they stop updating it!
I'll keep my Pixel 8 Pro, thanks. 👍
nah
I wonder just how long you'll actually get from the battery life. One thing I've learned from the ultra models is that if you want to use all the best features  they advertise then say goodbye to battery life.  All great in theory but for the long run.. Not great unless you carry charger/bricks for a gull day
You don't like Samsung, you are just doing it for your channel and community 😐
Android is still fucking shite. Longtime Android user and it can't even fucking read QR codes properly and Google pay is still fucking awful
If it is true that Samsung will charge for using AI features after 2025, paying £1.3k for a phone and still needing to pay a subscription fee for its flagship features feels like such a bad idea 🤷🏻
Please give your iPhone 15 🤭🫣
I have SamsungS23 ultra
Im switching back to oneplus when im done with the 23 ultra. Last samsung i had before was the note 8. Got a great deal is the only reason i tried samsung again but unbelievably In some cases my one plus 10t outperformed it and thats their worst phone lol. Too expensive for no charger no ultra fast charging. Not to mention theyre gonna make these new  cool cases and stuff and change the 24 just enough so it wont fit for mine lol cmon. They suck. I dont mind the inferior one plus cameras and i dont really use dex even though i always meant to lol but i dont need it.
I don't think apple will let me watch this on an imac
How did Samsung pay you Laan
Am I the only one who's gonna talk about how they changed the speaker grille design
I pre ordered but thought I might sell and keep my 23 ultra. You totally sold me on this phone!
Thanks so much. Made up my mind to get one. Such a shame the website is so rubbish to try and buy a phone from. Samsung website is So difficult to use.
Samsung users can't pull that "its the same phone every year"
“Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties.”
Can u plz help me plz I want to know if the samsung s22 ultra worth it I want for good photos
Mr WHOSE THE BOSS? YOU THE BOSS LOL
That 2015 phone is what am using to watch this video 😂
Samsung S24 Ultra balance changes 😂
S24 is just a software update for the s23
I didnt know the s24 released until i saw my YT fyp
24 is flat because you can't use the same case and screen protector as before
Praise the Lord 😆
Europeans: its Aluminium Americans: where are you getting the second “i”? Its Aluminum
What your not getting and you should is that the phone learns jow you talk and your
Im just happy that the s23 ultra is cheaper now
People like me that hasn't even seen the s23ultra and now the s24ultra is out 😢
At 18:43 that's not a good translation to german. The result reads similar to "Hey, how are you, long no talk! We are no strangers love to". Like you could kinda guess what it means but it's a little gibberish.
I watched a video about a Galaxy phone and won’t buy one. But AI on the device and the functions are without question really good and practical. Apple, do you hear me? It’s about time. I’m slowly thinking about to change...
Hey mwtb whats is best phone whit the higest batery life you know. Im not one to care about the most recent fratures and all, i just want a ling batery life and a semi decent phone. As an idea my curent phone is an sugsug (Samsung) A12
Just got the s23 ultra for my birthday today!
The reason the gorilla glass company won't make comparisons is because they'll be sued for defamation
As a German, the translation was horrible.
I just want a loner battery 🔋
Circle to search we already kinda have with Bixby Vision, but you need to take an image and click some button
1:56 - me too ! Finally someone loves the curved display ! 5:38 - omg Snapdragon what R U Doin' ?! Shock ! 8:12 - Yay, camera will finally understand what it sees
Bro still buys Starbucks in 2024
thanks for great review ,im thinking about a new phone....watched your video on my 7y old s7 edge :-D (still works kinda ok :-D )
Who say the guy at the background catch the phone 😂😂😂😂
I don’t think Titanium evacuates heat better than aluminium 🙁
Honestly i really feel like your bias $$$ phone looks exactly the same like the other gens...you oversell the product like it was revolutionary. Bias opinion.. lost my respect
Don’t worry mate, you be back to iPhone in one month
The million dollar question is Mrwhosetheboss PRO PALESTINE/PRO HAMAS. Looks like he is.
Okay the the s23 now should be two to three hundred dollars cheaper I don't think the new s24 doesn't have enough new features or the wow factor wow factor you're just getting more of the same thing
How is this worth 300 more than the 24 plus ?
We like the sharp corners. It's part of the look, unlike the ugly round corners of the iPhone.
Man quality edits and review, Good job👍
People who saying samsung copyed the titanium.. bro go search and rewind a few years, you will know samsung is doing it for far long
the fact we cant take photos without them looking anything like normal is absolutely disgusting, sick and twisted.  this world is absolutely fkd.  Nothing is real anymore, ppl are horrid.  This is not helping humanity
I love your videos but you can hardly give out about it misinterpreting squirtle to squirrel as squirtle is not an actual word
The design reminds me of the Sony Xperias from many years back, XZ1 to be specific
This was a review and not a hands on. 🤔 Your iPhone 15 hands-on was no where near such a detailed evaluation of performance of new features. You waited until the embargo was over for the iPhone too do such a comprehensive review. I have no issue with you or your channel. Just pointing it out. In order to be seen as objective you have to actually be objective. I hope you can look behind the criticism and see that I'm only trying to help.
I think aluminium has a better thermal conductivity than titanium 🤔🤔
You and mk are letting me down...this RED MAGIC 9 FOR 800 CRUSHES ALL COMPETITION....give the people a full review
I hope apple sweating in their boots. Official android is on par with iPhones
I had the S21 Ultra, S22 Ultra, and S23 Ultra but after switching to the OnePlus 11 I don't plan on going back.
Imagine if this phone has Action camera😋
I could watch you video again and again.... Sooooooooo engaging.....
Red Magic 9 Pro+ comes with 16 and 24GB of RAM for cheaper.  Why even bother with Samsung at this point?  The stylus I suppose if you are into drawing.
The AI features look so cool as a concept, but in reality it doesnt work as well as you would expect... its a bit disappointing to be honest, but at least Samsung is trying to do somthing new
Key word with AI is "Artificial"  fake!
Boy gets his hands on a phone even before the company release it
By by iPhone
All of this improvements of camera just to lose out to Pixel 8A. Always.
Can u gimme the test variant of these ultra.... I love it
This year all the other companies, including Apple, will struggle to copy what Samsung implemented on this one. It's been a while since this happened.
For my information is Arabic in live translatiaon
17:51 "eat that sir"
Clearly A17 pro is still way ahead by of snapdragon gen 3 in single core, which I would argue is more important.
As a German, 18:43 hurt. The translation is horrible.
too bad bixby did not get any upgrades
What do people do with those ultra fast processors? Like I can do all my stuff with SD 870 smoothly never had a single drop of frame ever. For heavy stuffs like editing, rendering I uses my laptop...!
Lmaoo its basically the same phone with some language gimmicks and some updated apps. Nowadays when a  "new phone" comes out it's just a software update, and people make it seem like a big deal when instead it's the biggest scam (and most fall for it unfortunately smfh), since they could  just update the software of the current phone, instead of making people drop $1k to get a new one (but hey they don't include a charger because of the environment! Let's throw away a new phone 😂). People should just make these big companies flop a product and let them know that we want better support for our (very expensive) 2yo phone
It's funny that gorilla glass litterly has no competition in the smartphone market. Every phone I have ever used has had gorilla glass, so I don't know what "competition" they are even talking about 😂😂😂😂😂
When you talked about the AI stuff, i was stunned. Then, when i realised that I'd have to pay for it from 2025 on, i was like "ehhhhhhh....."
Is the AI only on the ultra? What about the standard S24 and S24+?
Apple is probably crying right now
Samsung copies Apple on aluminum, nobody bats an eye.  Apple copies anyone for anything, everyone’s loses their minds!
Now bro pushes my jealousy to the limits
Nothing beats real optics. Not in a century will software and hardware be good enough to get usable photos with digital zoom.
Considering replacing my 15 pro with s24 any suggestions?
Android only experimenting not launching a polished product as apple.   When apple comes out with AI it will be the best
I just pre-ordered mine! 😂 I'm a Samsung Note-Now-Ultra baby ❤
do the AI features with text work in a different language too ie german or is this english only ?
in 6 months its gonna be outdated, people need to stop buying phones every time they launch one new
Paying $100 more than last year wasn't enoght for Samsung to pay for a Dolby Vision license, really!? Maybe 16gb ram!? What about a bigger and newer ultrasonic fingerprint reader!? Sorry to let you know that this is no solid hardware upgrade compared to last year's S23U, like, maybe qi2 would have been an improvement but no, not even that.  100% with you about those sharp corners. Thought there was a 'new' guy leading design team but all he could come up with was titanium.   S24+ got a nice upgrade but still no UWB or better cameras.  YouTubers are so OK with Samsung crap nowadays
Meh. Not impressed
18:41 in the moment u said that the grammar check is really good the phone Just translated some non sense form Englisch into German xD
your videos are getting better in the wrong aspect, you seem to be making videos that are optimized for watch time and kids, why would you make a hands-on video 22 minutes long, this is not a review, respect the time of your viewers, focus more on the merits of your videos and not gimmicks. information primary, entertainment secondary please.
I just can’t get over the low quality Android experience 🤷🏻‍♂️
In regards to things like the sharp corners or how the color on the caseback looks: Am I the only one who instantly purchases a protective case when I spend this kind of money on a new phone? Specs like thickness matter so I can get a case without the phone feeling bulky, but the sharpness of the edges aren't going to matter because I'll be damned if I spend $500+ on a phone and not spend a fraction of that on a case, let alone $1000+.
this is amazing, i love samsung
Rinse and repeat. Square for 3 years then round for 2 years.
didn't the google pixel 8 have a similar summarize feature
The s23 screen scratches so easy. That's why I want to flat screen so I can get a good screen protector. I've only had mine a couple months and it was scratched by the end of the first week. Just touching your keys in your pocket will scratch the screen.
And now I feel bad for recently having purchased an S23 ultra...
Glass is glass and it will scratch at level 6, with deeper grooves at level 7.
Worth upgrade from note 10+?
The past three phones look the same 🤨 like since when did Samsung catch Apple Disease 😂
Interesting
Hard pass.  My s23ultra is better
The best colors = The worst colors
Woooow, it’s really amazing how far technology already is, but to be fair the translation in your message is the worst German I’ve ever seen,it’s soooo wrong 18:39 😅
The end of freedom...
wow
Why do you talk about colours, do you not use a case like literally everyone else?
18:43 The Gramma in the German Text is so wrong😂
7:34 even the best tech youtuber falls sometimes😂🔥
Looks like you have taken some body language lessons. The way you sit with one elbow, lots of hand gestures, accessories, mannerisms change and even the way you speak.
I'll always say the iPhone slow motion cam is better than Samsung hands down
Samsung is best ❤
I made the switch to iphone so much better never no more Samsung for mj
Mumma
I'm done getting new phones. Once I'm done paying off mine and my iPad pro I'm going pre paid and saving money. I'm happy with what I have.
The curved screen was fucking stupid.
Your writer/s and video editor/s deserve all the love and appreciation in the world. If you do it all, then mad props to you (or your team), kind sir!
Arun - I’m using the new Samsung S24… (while wearing his Apple Watch. 😅)
18:42 Just so u know the "Swap Language Feature" is pretty bad too, it just translated the english words 1 to 1 which means it doesn't make any sense in german  you just wouldnt say it like that its very weird
18:42 Just so u know the "Swap Language Feature" is pretty bad too, it just translated the english words 1 to 1 which means it doesn't make any sense in german  you just wouldnt say it like that its very weird
I've been using Samsung phones since the S21 Ultra, and I'm sold at just the flat screen. You can toss out the rest of the video. Not having to try to fish at the side of the phone to tap the left or rightmost edge is enough of a win in my book. I've always hated the curved screen edges.
Ah yes... Samsung's software support... So great... Still waiting for OneUI 6 for my S22 Ultra... Fantastic..
The speech translation feature 16:38 could only be improved if it had a fish shaped button and they named the feature Babel fish.  Oh, and if it translated speech correctly.
My favorite part is how theyre charging an extra $100 for these AI featutes and yet they still plan on charging us a monthly fee for it later down the line. So itll literally be half the phone it is now in ~2 years
The video editing is now at silly levels of good. This beast of a phone may not be perfect, but for me it blows the competition away.
18:39 im German and that translation is butchered af :D
I'd do anything to get that phone 😅
Lol barcode never worked I had an add
hope my mom can get it for my 18th birthday. I don't want no car, no celebration, I just need this. my 3 year old S20 5G has a trash battery, my mom had it for the first year and cracked the front and back and she can get an amazing deal. 1TB for 666€. I want to pay her monthly thing for the phone, but I just need her for the contract, because I'm not 18 yet. any advice?
Honestly to much money now a days for those phones,and every new model,small differences,nothing wow or inovating for that kind of money,but hey how they say,as long we have sheeps,there will be wool.
I think I'm convinced of getting the S24 ULTRA cause I have a hard time memorizing things instantly so i think It might be worth an upgrade and with the titanium frame it's gonna be much more lighter and easier to carry even with a case!
Of course an Apple 'fan' switches to Android now that Samsung has completely become as useless with its upgrades for years in a row, as Apple... 😂 No SD card slot for the 4th year. Last Samsung I bought was S20 Ultra.
Seriously man "real time visualizer". Do your homework better. That thing is not real time.
The green S24+ design for the ultra series would be umtimate. 😢looks stunning
Big problem on 23 ultra is when you start video recording on 4k, and then zooming on maximum possabilities, that zoom quality looks shit. But when you start recording on 10x video, and then zooming to 20x, its amazing. Need to fix it.
Can't they just backport those features like Google does? Why it is needed to buy a new phone for new software features....
As a member of peasant community watching this on Samsung A14, I can say this is a very beautifulphone
How many of these features will end up on the s22 and the s23?
What's the battery life like? omggg!!!!
Just wondering if s23 ultra would also get the AI upgrades down the line
4k 120 fps available in sony phone cameras for years
I have my device as Specialist already, ill be testing a lot over the next month before the release. Good impressions so far
Arun the type of guy to toss an Iphone 15 Pro Max like it ain't the biggest tech crime
Rip apple
Looks camera got worse
Samsung Galaxy Note 24 ultra i wish 6"×9"
Waiting for Nokia to release an absolute beast like this 😂
Considering most use some sort of armored case for their phone… the indentation is a non factor
Is this phone dual SIM in the USA? I want to use two lines at the same time with this phone.
The AI moon controversy is now real feature in s24 now. Feel done Samsung😂
And cue subliminal stabucks plugins
Great review
F flat display, it was Samsung signature that I love out 🥲
I have the s10+ is it worth the change to the s24 ultra based on the price?
Just remember that the AI stuff won't be free for long... From Samsung's website: "Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties."
Apple has no answer to AI right now. Samsung and Google for the win
even if i love new things that are done and ready to go i am obsessed with how much potential to get even better this is! and im not even that crazy about ai
I wonder how much the Galaxy AI subscription will be after 2025?
Your editing is unmatched..very good review 👏
why not just buy a Pixel?
They want us to be comfortable paying full price of a flagship phone for just a software update and some AI? Is this FIFA every year?
I don’t think all this AI software make the S24 special. Samsung can and will apply it to all their phones eventually. And the likes of Xiaomi and Vivo will copy all these software and implement it on their £200 phones.
So basically it does most of what the Note20 Ultra did but for a higher price, including the AI photos but excluding the slow mo thing (which can be achived with a plugin)?
Oh yah Mr whos the Boss no dought ❤
Ok I can understand background wallpaper online but why image processing have to online too. I don’t fell save or comfortable mowing that my photos can be hacked or data preached through Samsung. Also how do we verify that they don’t look at the photos like Apple iCloud is doing now 🤔😵
Bro is just buying all these phones for experiments😭there won't even be enough for us to buy lol
How does circle to search work if you use navigation gestures instead of home button?
Samsung has no innovation; it rips off Apple's design.
Why have they not hid the camera Punch out underneath the screen like they have with the Galaxy Fold
good scrap phone. I wanted to buy it but I don't see any changes so advanced to buy s24 ultra. the shortcomings that I see in the phone. there are many missing.. card slots.. the corners do not. then ram 12 when it should be 20 😢😢 .. only thing is $$$$$$ 😢😢
You call this AI "crazy" while Google's Pixel 8 AI is crazier? And you didn't call that crazy.
not a fan of AI image stuff really, but the fact, they add META data, that tells you, that it is AI, is a really big + for me
What I think you should also do is a video about the upgrades of SAMSUNG DEX from s8 s10 s20 until s23 s24 ultra, you are the only one who own them all in your colection
Just trying to steal people's money with silly improvements
We all laughed at iPhone for having a 5x zoom instead of a 10x zoom.. until Samsung literally did the same.
Samsung and apple although they only launch 1 flagship in a year yet no major improvement.....still all of you big youtubers will scratch the skin of hair to praise all of the points you mentioned..stop this hippocrisy if youtubers deny and review them with honesty.... Deep inside you also know that there's no such improvement over previous flagship both from apple Samsung....type c from apple was given because they were forced to not like they care about their customers........😤😤😤😤 Please stop all of you guys and be honest
thanks for the video! now my apple stocks gonna fall
I hate this trend of copying apple.. samsung had a great design with the s8 and then the s21 (altough that was a straight downgrade from s20 specwise)... do people who design these phones ever actually hold them in their hands? It's the most fucking uncomfortable thing to hold. It's like picking up a glass brick. Shit to put in your pocket as well...
Okay but can their AI turn me black or chinese?
12:09 didn't the Pixel phone do the same??
Hey not related to the video but you should really add timestamps or what ever their name was. They are really usefull and in videos like this it would be amaizing for some people
No one is going to use these features, Still people will buy it for sure.😂
21:28 the german sentence does not make sense at all and is grammatically incorrect!😅
Okay i am going to get a Samsung
just booked an apple :')
Do I see a Starbucks product placement here? I mean, you know what's going around in the other parts of the world, right?
My last two Samsung phones I bought on launch developed a fault within the first year. Pink line down the S7 Edge screen after a few months and the S21 Ultra stopped being able to maintain a network signal after ten months. I basically had them wrapped in cotton wool and did nothing to cause these issues but both were rejected by Samsung for repair under warranty. Both times had to pay excess and claim on insurance through my network carrier. I'll be waiting until my replacement S21 Ultra I received in March 2022 dies, and certainly won't be buying a launch model or even flagship again.
Really cool phone. I wish Apple was more innovative. Though... can't deny how much they just copy what Apple is doing.
Gorrela victus are shit compared to iPhone's, Literally, as I dropped my NEW s23 and now it has scratches on screen meanwhile my friend right in front of me dropped his iPhone 12 pro 3 times (badly, worse then me) and it didn't got a single scratch or a dot.
They can make display, camera and processor slight better every year but totally ignored the battery capacity and charging speed. LOL
I am surprise samsung even given you chance to have this phone early to talk all these nonseses
So.. its the same... again
This video is going to be viewed more than the official announcement 😅👌
The implementation of Ai in already existing apps was really well done by Samsung Iphone was already was 10 years behind software now they are in stone age lmao
I have an idea (Which you probably already thought of) iPhone 15 Pro Max Vs Samsung S24 Ultra 🤔
do you know how much takes place on the phone?
wowow
I'm. Happy with my s22 ultra.  Why should I upgrade 2x models. For 2x the price.. No thanks. I'm good with what I got.
Can't wait to get mine! I'm still on the S20 note ultra. Glad I waited to upgrade
Very good Video, do you know which of those features are going to be on the base model s24 or just on all samsung devices some day?
samsung UI is just so bad, no reason to even consider this phone over other androids
iPhone makes a similar phone design Samsung user yapping it’s the same as last three years while Samsung does the same thing the be like oo I like this new feature …😂🤣😂jokers
Not again this joker!! Come on please He just throw any BS and dress it up with some fancy text to feed it to you guys!! Let's be honest does he have a slightest clue about the technology behind this phone and what it takes to produce one?! Absolutly zero idea
I will miss the curve edges
Ironically enough I got an iphone 15 ad on this video
I always thought you were good with tech but when you said you like curved edge screens all that went out the window
Samsung is copying apple
Voice recognition has always been a big issue with Samsung Galaxy phones. They are slowly getting better overall all of the phones in my household. The pixel has a better voice recognition program than the Samsung Galaxy phones.
hi
Seems to be a very mixed bag on the AI stuff, this clearly needs more work. To be clear; no company has any choice but to add or increase AI stuff in their products. It's the new hot thing to do. I just hope the Samsung OS is improving still, that android skin and app bloat was the biggest reason for me to go for a Pixel 7 Pro last year to be honest (besides the photo quality).
Dude I'm glad I I've followed your for 4 years now...your content keeps me entertained and thankfully informed..though poor to get even the note 20 in Zambia right now..but I'm a tech fan and I'm always optimistic..have a great day
snapdragon 👍 but we get exynos eu 🤔
Does it have macro?
Bullshit. Where is the 10bit recording? Where are s-log profiles? Where are better codecs for video?? SAMSUNG YOU NEED TO DO BETTER THAN HIRING A SELLOUT. 💩
Apple in 2034, 'we can circle things too'
Arun is my fav and simply the best
Not worth even 1000€
Calm down u donut. This s24 series literally copied iPhone 15 lineup and just to be on a safe side threw in some AI features
are these AI features exclusive to the Ultra model?
I have been using my S23 Ultra 10x lens more often than I thought when I bought it. Weird to downgrade to 5x, even with a larger sensor...
I am a staunch Samsung fan but l am not happy with the way you are too positive about this phone. Its like you are over compensating for something
About AI: indeed, it should use an llm to guess the conversation subject on the fly, and prioritize the words associated with that subject.
Will these AI features have an impact on the battery...🤔I guess we will have to wait and see!
Don’t know whether to hold on or upgrade…
Samsung just lost their identity
I know you are iPhone fans but just accept it Samsung is better than iPhone 😅
Love your videos, but you still seem to be an iPhone fanboy
I just trust Samsung intrinsically. But this is going to be good
Wow.. galaxy s24 ultra is out. Which means S23 ultra got cheaper..s22 ultra got cheaper and i can finally buy s10. 😂
It’s weird how they’re only doing the gen 3 for Galaxy in the ultra, the s24/+ only has the exynos 2400 chip
Too cool... But Im not going to use those AI things never 😅
I miss the colored icons for the quick settings (the grey is difficult to see if it is on or not) and the quick tap to settings has been removed, you could tap the quick setting text, and it would bring you to those settings, but if you tap the icon it would toggle that setting. That was great. But they removed that feature... did somone found a solution for these problems?
you said the s23ultra had a good camera but its the worst , the Huawei P30 Pro which is older and cheaper wipes the floor with it
0:17 great catch by the guy in the back🤣🤣🤣
Imma be honest, i will never purchase the latest flagship ever, as i absolutely adored curved edges and thought they give a phone the most elegant looks and makes it feel unique.
"Praise the laawrd" 😂
Surely the Xenya chip will also be as fast as this...
wait what!.. the phone isnt out in shops yet. huh?
Masanagudi vazhi ottyyil lekku oru yatra . Atha akum nalle ee mry phone inte cash undel. 😂 Athu vallatha oru experience akum
You are honest and very inspirational Arun, im hoping to follow your footsteps
Are all the IA and camera software features coming to S23 Ultra too?
All you S23 Ultra peeps don't upgrade  its not worth it!😢
I remember how powerful the Note 10 Plus felt with all the functional tools back then when it came out. It was so powerful that the majority didn’t even explore half of its features.  It's the same feeling with the S24 ultra, just that these intuitive functionalities are the FOREMOST selling point.  It used to be cameras, style, screen, processor, gaming speed etc at the forefront. Now it's intuitive features.
This year I want to get a foldable. Do you think Samsung will include all the new features into the Fold 6 or skimp on the phone upgrades?
Vs new Nubia phones all I can see if the GIANT black dot at the top of the screen. Will not buy this.
But bro is wearing is wearing Apple watch throughout the video. Samsung should stop sponsoring him 😂
Ew... why the starbuck 🤢🤮🤮
Hey, Arun, I am a big fan. I have been watching your videos since the early days. Keep up the good work, and also, what are you going to do with that old S33 or even that S22?
Video for the plus pls
When I first saw you, I was like so there is another casual tech youtuber. Then you struck bigger than lightning. Arun you are my favourite individual tech youtuber, and I love to watch your engaging videos. The only thing I don’t like is there is not an infinite amount videos of yours. But you’re human after all. Keep it on, even if you don’t ever see this.
The design was a big let down.. every one was hoping for a small touch screen in back
7:37 Man almost died in pitch black while trying to provide us with accurate information so we can save time and gain knowledge on how each phone preforms and what it offers compared to the other ones. You will be remembered if you ever slip down the stairs. Much love from Montenegro
unbuyable
But AI feature is not free of cost
Copy paste AI from Google 😂😂😂 revolutionary
This guys gets his hands on phones faster that I can even realise there’s a new phone
I don't understand why Samsung made their displays flat. Samsung has its own futuristic identity, which doesn't need to change to compete with the iPhone. The second concern is titanium; we've already seen the circumstances that occurred after introducing a titanium design in phones. Why continue with it?
Just preordered mines like an hour ago... Best 1419.99 I've ever spent
😮
Out of my price range...
Finally!! Flat screen.. All my galaxy phone cracks on the curve. So annoying!!
2:00 nah man fuck that curved screen. It only ever looked good, but in 2024 most sensible people can agree that the flat screen is just more practical and honestly looks a bit better than the curved display.
It seems like your video is sponsored by Starbucks. There is a boycott going on and you are very happy to include it in your video.
0:17 Guy Behind me Caught catching the Phone.... LeL😂
the AI is free until the end of 2025, after that it will become a subscription
The segway graphics are not as good as before.
Done!
Me getting confused which is s24 and s23😂
Me who still has the Samsung Galaxy A52, and it's still fast enough...😅
Will other Samsung phone will get this ?
As a owner of s23 ultra, I cannot see why I should upgrade to S24 ultra, only gimmicks.
3 million views in less than 24 hours. I'm glad and proud that after all these years your hard work and dedication has paid off. Well deserved Arun..well deserved.
also they offer 7 years of security updates and os updates as well which is crazy
The ai translation is largely software and i would expect it to start getting good as the phone launches as well, as theyll also start to receive data to improve it as well.  Genuinely, real time language translation is one of those technologies that changes the planet. Even if its not great now, soon we will have the technology of science fiction.
that phone is so cool bro i wish I can get it
The thing I miss is "best take" from Googles Pixel. They used so many of androids new features. But that would be soo great! Edit: Somebody always has their eyes closed
We're starting to forfeit our very own human intelligence with these devices now.
14:07 Aaron you better be careful posting stuff like that the liberals will get mad
The flat screen is a great upgrade for anyone with s21u or below
From Bangladesh 🇧🇩
looks like a great phone with lots of fancy upgrades.... however HUGE miss to not have the option to choose the best face in a series of the same photo as an AI function that the Pixel 8 has. pretty much universally praised. that alone would lead me to buy a Pixel 8 over a samsung even though ive had 3 samsungs in a row now.
I don’t like the way this is going AI is no actual improvements they could’ve just done these software updates and it would’ve been way better 11:53
Bro got paid well.
can we get a variant w/out AI?
Nice watch!
U r a real cow 😅😅
Guys don’t let them convince you. You need a new phone if you don’t actually need one they get these phones early and only talk good things about them just business.
Best reviews from this guy 💯
Fairly sure that the translation stuff is all Google, and yeah, it is not going to get better (as far as quality) any time soon.  Japanese to English for example is incredibly wrong, to the point of being dangerous.  I think generally taking context clues into account would go a long way towards fixing the issue, but it appears they are not doing that right now.  Also, don't expect Samsung to fix this, as I am certain it is not their baby. Google will work on it for sure, but they have many many many years of development work into Google Translate, and it is still... special.
The S22 ultra is still a powerfull phone, why do you need so much power in a phone ?
11:44 LOL what... looks exactly the same as my note 10+ and that came out in 2016.  Guess I'll be keeping my note 10+ till they update it some more to make slower lol.. Lol sketchy (#)** companies
Why the disco music and why so high ?
Anyone else waiting for Jerryrigeverything
Most of these ai features are already provided by Pixel, then why market it as new
Man, no one uses Samsung Msgs or Google Msgs outside of the US tho ://
Still no SD card
Samsung gonna make people lazy with this new ai
I may finally upgrade from my S10 for this phone.
would it not be better to just remove 3x lens and add 5x instead of removing that 10x cause like the main camera can do 3x with something like super res zoom, but 100x is literally what the s23 ultra series is famous for, people who love zoom, buy this phone more than people who don't
The moment Aron pulled out the Samsung Galaxy S7, am still using in 2024...😭🤲
#1 on Trending🎉... Outstanding Review Arun👏
For the price, I'd rather have the redmagic 9 pro+ and have enough money left over to buy a switch or something. Same cpu, more ram, active cooling, same sort of design, although looks kinda cooler in the white, and also significantly cheaper. As for Galaxy AI, I have no real use for that, so 9 pro+ it is 😂
Background music is sometimes distracting....
After watching Arun's review, imma watch jerry rigs everything!
Guys, i might actually switch from my iPhone. 😭  FINALLY. features that are ACTUALLY useful and not so niche
Nice catch dude in the back
Thank you. I would like to know if 4k video colors looks better than in s23ultra? I have s23ultra but videos look oversaturated.
It always makes me laugh, seeing all the Muslim hypocrites in the comments about boycotting😂😂😂
huawei already have the live call translation technology embedded in its flagship phone : ) please review them too  <3
Samsung needs to fix those edges, why can't they desighn it like the apple.
Superb galaxy S24 Ultra 👍👍👍👍👍
Why do it seem like the first half of this video was a roast to samsung?
Guy Tring to find updates more than Samsung did in S24
So, Galaxy AI does not make its assistant less dumb... Guess we'll have to wait for the next one.
So much BLA BLA BLA for a phone that is 99.99% similar to all previous ultra models. Over the head not worth the price. The phone for the world's geeks
Samsung gives u more value for ur money than apple. And i say this as an iphone user. The iphone is lagging behind. Feature wise
i always have fun when you and mkbhd make videos about the same things and i can compare and see the different approaches. Usually, it's pretty tied, but this time, I preferred this video to mkbhd's on the S24 lineup.   You seem more excited about it, you talk about the features in more detail and the video itself is snappier
can you give me one? please?
Oh I see you overcompensating with a starbucks cup. I see that, mate.
Ahhhhhh hahahhaha apples 5x was mocked because samsung had more zoom. Now samsung only has 5x and its ok. Lmao
With everything that you’ve said, what could’ve make it 10/10 tp you? You rate 9/10 when you truly like it, then why not rate it 10/10?
Samsung UK has the best Trade in deal...   -S24 Ultra free Upgrade to 1TB -Galaxy watch 6 free -Sports Band for galaxy watch free -Anti reflective screen protector X2 free -Vegan leather case Free -£50 Discount -Further 5% Off   £664 for all of that upgraded my S23 no brainer!  Not to mention Disney plus subscription for 12 months!
I own an s23 ultra so ill wait for s25 maybe
Circle to search will be iPhones 25 Max Pro biggest selling point. 🎉🎉🎉
Commenting from a Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra: I'm not ready to upgrade to the newest phone yet .. this is all useless to me.
10:48 S23 zoom is much better o.O
Starbucks? Starbucks product placement?!?!?!?! 🥺What a shame. You have so many followers and you could choose any other sponsor, but you choose Starbucks 🤯. You chose money instead of humanity. So you are definitely not a role model😢. Enjoy your meal
Boycott Starbucks 👎👎
The gold necklace is a no no, sorry bro…
That's incredible how you push features that are _absolutely_ ridiculous "useless" (compared to a phone of let's say, 1 or 2 years ago), as LIFE/GAME CHANGER. I hope Samsung payed you well for this.
As a fan of curved edges I am not happy that they ditched the curved edges 😢 That's like 50% of my reason why I love samsung's notes design. Farewell curved edges.
All you said is basically is - Wait till next Gen is out
All these 8/10...5/10 and yet still 20x better than any other phone out there. So what is he comparing to. There is not even an argument to be had that this phone and S23Ultra are kings of phones.
I moved from iPhone 14 pro max to S23 Ultra, then Z Fold 5, and i never looked back Samsung is something else
its just boring to see the same thing again and again with some extra changes which is not much innovative it feels like the old innovation days are gone its just improvements which they only work
They are claiming 4x less scratches, I'm curious about breakage ❤
beautiful gold chain over there
Wow, this isn't even the full review yet but it's already very comprehensive for a hands-on video. Well done, Arun!
Man I cant wait for Apple to catch up to that in about 8 years <3
Can u give it to me please
"Ai" is free to use on s24 for 2yrs than u have to pay...they let u accommodate with it first😂...but to be serious 7 years of updates is next level
TLDR: for those who have Ultra 23. 24 is not worth upgrading.. Was waiting for better camera quality - got bunch of stuff that barely works or is completely useless.
The fact its still got those hideousssss corners and isnt rounded is the no for me its so ridiculously ugly and uncomfortable having those corners
The Starbucks part pissed me off, I've been noticing the silent marketing they are carrying out by influencers cover  their genocidal comment on gazza. 14:06
Software update 😅
I can predict Arun's next video Samsung S24 Ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max
1:55 not s6, s21 ultra was also a flat flagship phone. Want expecting that from a tech enthusiast who has been reviewing phones for a decade
Samsung will start charging money for the AI feature after 2025, but no one seems to talk about this problem because Samsung told them not to. I see Apple following the same route as other Android phone makers later.
Lütfen altyazı desteğini arttırın.
Wait..... are you married now🤔 that ring  plus hiding your left hand on many frames
Just ordered☺️
All these features are good, but why is no one talking about how ugly the samsung emojis are💀
I'll be the first to ask this: Can Samsung now translate unwanted English into prefered, company or government approved English (and other languages)?
Hallelujay
im a die hard iphone fan but ima be honest this phone is crushing it so far. apple really need to do something spectacular to match this beast of a phone.
I have a 21 ultra definitely looking to upgrade with the 24
This could be the upgrade I was waiting for. Now to find that savings account😅
Iphone will have the same features. In 5-6 years..
Samsung really went all out this year 😳
The sharp edges that you don't like, is the main reason I buy Note 10 to S24 Ultra in the first place. Well, that and the fact that mine fell off my hands recently. It feels more premium that way. Round corners look so boring to me. New features and trends come and go every so often, but aesthetic and materials is what I value the most, if I want to keep my product for years. And, I tend to keep my phone for at least 3-4 years to justify the money I spent on it. By that time, there will be new features, better specs, more advanced AI models... but my phone will still look great. 😊
I think the AI text translation doesn't work properly because it's mixing up words between languages and their multiple meanings, specially Latin based languages like Spanish and Portuguese.   In your video I saw "Como está senor?" which is similar to how you would ask in Portuguese but, the word "como" means both how and eat (as in I eat), therefore the AI thought to say instead "eat that sir" instead of "how are you sir?".   They need to teach the AI properly on how to read and interpret the text before translating it, like how you mentioned with the Pokémon conversation.   But I do love the idea and concept Samsung had to make this feature available in a phone.
I think I'll keep my s23 ultra for another year
This guys wearing apple watch
Samsung: lets poke fun at iPhone but then do EXACTLY everything they are doing.
Oh it's already out? And u have it? Dahell boi i didn't even know it was out 💀
It is clear that Samsung shipped all you and other YouTubers a free mobile phone and you all brag it and praise it. But the fact is that Samsung fools people with the same phone 3rd year, just like Apple does for last 6 years. So please... 😂
Android is the king of smart phone universe 😛
bro has swag for getting phone fast by wearing a gold chain
APPLE WHAT ARE YOU DOING???!!! 😂😂😂
Watching this made me want to puke from the vast amount of half-baked options the android gives you. I'll stay on my iPhone
at this time its more like samsung and apple has collab to deliver the same level of changes every year in both their phones . or else samsung would would try something new and bigger . right now its same like iphone 14 and 15 .
Significant, slightly, considerably- words that means - don’t buy it doesn’t worth. Stick to S23 and S22 ultra. Done
Am I the only one who doesn't get as excited about new phone launches anymore?
Thanks for taking your time to review this phone how about a comparison between iphone 15
but huawei already got those
Interesting stuff 🌟
another phone I'll never get my hands on got released, huh ?
Apple iPhone, crying around the corner😢
😂😂 real nightmare for other smart phone gaint
Thanks for the review, i was right nit to uograde my note 10+ to s23. I wsited thus. Im sure to get it
“All IPhones look the same” 🥴🤡
the best phone review channel on youtube! amazing voice and everything
Idc how much they say its 200 mp its not. Thats not anywhere near a 200mp camera. Im a photographer and can assure you thats not anywhere near that. This is a scam basically. Sure, they take ok pics buteven $1000 cameras only give off about 24 mp. Dont fall for this bs.
Praise the Lord
It feels like its a worse AI implementation than Google's in Pixel. It basically same features too. Could you dive a little into that in the full review?
Please put the new phone on the right. That way it follows the normal way our eyes move to read something. Left to right.
Yo Mrwhosetheboss can u do a giveaway for a phone please because i have been rocking a Samsung a12 since 2020.
Okay so the AI thing looks like something that could have come on a firmware update and now you're selling it to me like some amazing stuff, dude please.
Privacy left the universe
The main reason I wont get the s24 ultra is because it doesnt have a curve.
👍👍
Can't blame for the "squirtle" word, I mean...
Except the AI part rest of the review just blunt promotion for Samsung where design, camera and marginal over clocked processor will do nothing in real life but nowadays reviewers are so tuned for sponsors and giving so much praise for so little improvements😢
Ikr I only got the email 3 hours ago we'll done on this bid mate I've been signed for along time now. he never dissapoints
Thank you for taking the time to review, as ever, well delivered. Keep up the great work!
2 years down the road, this kind of AI is practically going to be the norm. Even better if most of the features it does are entirely on-device.
Wow first youtuber to give this much detailed video...
Now they are saying these AI features are free  only for a year and until 2025 and then it will be subscription based. 😮. If this is true it is truly NOT WORTH it to buy the phone for that.
Lol.. They keeping making new glass for screens every year and somehow come with new features EVERYTIME 😂😂.  I laughed when he said that, fucking glass bro...
I was thinking of buying one,and you just gave me the motivation I needed . Thanks
THIS IS INSANE
How much did Samsung pay you to shill for S22 version 3?
My best tech guy
Joke of a phone,😅AI needs improvement, same appearance for last 3 years, don't get fooled, same ram 12 GB
The curved screen was ALWAYS a gimmick! And completely useless ! Thank God it's gown!
Wouldn't all the benefits introduced by AI in the S24U be just an update on Android? Meaning, can't the S23U have the same AI benefits and features as the S24U, since it also has a powerful processor? Just thinking out loud...
Bycott Starbucks
Missing curve😢
Why are you showing the starbucks logo frequently?  Are you doing it on purpose? Are you paid by them?
Android IS BETTER!
at 10:50 i got the answer what i was waiting for, i'll stick to the S23 Ultra for the time being. !!! Digital zoom is no way making up for that dedicated "optical zoom" . Samsung this time is heavily focusing on their new kid AI..! thats it.
Nice
4 million views in 24 hours
It’s just me or the photos from s23 seems to be better. Than new s24 ?
Please buy me a Nintendo switch
Just preorder it and upgrading it from my s21+ with a pink line!😢 Excited as this will be my first ever ultra phone. Got the online exclusive Titanium Blue!🎉
I don't want to be a killjoy but my pixel does most of the AI things except the gimmicky ones, I commend them for trying, but it feels like they were desperate to put AI in the phone and they just did random stuff
How did you buy ut that fast?
my guy.......why the fuck would an AI think you're saying a made up word like squirtle.....come on.
When did Samsung published the 24
Disappointed with missing curved display😢
S24U is 🔥🔥🔥🔥 trading in my boring 14 pro max asap!
apple will bring out these features in 2030 and people will be going crazy how amazing it is
Can't wait for Iphone to come up with this technology 10 years later and call it revolutionnary , The IPHOTO and ITALK will be something new for a lot of people
bro literally posted 2 hours before the official samsung account 💀
At least he knows the value of it broo samsung is too good damn I can imagine how expensive this is I wouldnt even know this phone was out if not that mrwhosetheboss said it this man is too good I'd like to meet you one day🎉🎉❤❤❤
China is way ahead in AI on phones and everything else. I'd rather get a Huawei phone because Chinese phones don't charge extra for stuff and has alot more to offer. Our own government here spies more on us than China so what's the big deal.
New ui new glitches
That translation to german at 18:40 was real bad. It was like "Hey, how you did, for a long time no speaking..."
No single upgrade on the cameras.... Super disappointing
Is Samsung going to charge for A.I feature after 2025? If this is true that’s a deal breaker when I’m paying almost $2000 CAD
09:00 ANGRY BIRDS TRANSFORMERS MUSIC???
Warning: Samsung will start charging money for the Al features after 2025, no one seems to talk about this prob bc Samsung told them not to
Yes, the price is crazy.
Best power full smartphone Fastest processor in world Ai+best camera
Very important question: Is the Bixby button still there?
All things apart, still trying to understand why people go for Apple Phones. They keep making the same kind of phones with their base models still using old features. Android has so many variations and options to choose for all kinds of budget. And its nothing to be ashamed off. I dont understand whats there to show off especially when as a tech guy I would like to hold new tech every now and then.
If only they could put all those specs into a usable size
Honestly, these AI photo editing features are what I hate most about this phone. It destroys photography as I know it
I just need to get rich so that I can really feel what you want to say .....👾
Gonna wait for Jerry to uhm... get his hands on it and see if it survives. 😅 impressive otherwise with the software end.
It's never a good idea to have an iPhone lover review or even preview a Samsung phone due to the obvious existence of bias 😔.
You know, when you make a video about one, but you compare with other phone is pure hypocrisy 😂. The apple fan boy always has a way to compare with their holy grail phone😢
but does it have AUX
The hardware from this phone combined with the software from the latest Google pixels would be 🤯
Waiting for iphone let's see what they bring...
Really wish I can get my hands on this phone...... Will really help my work😢
We are blind with this one🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
That Starbucks add was not slick  You've lost a subscriber 👎👎
Le me: watching that review on a 2/32 phone with a broken screen 🙂
Apple fans would say, he is wearing iWatch :)
All the same that 23 that 24  Samsung s24 ultra won’t win against iPhone 15 pro max  As for me to call Samsung S24 Note S note 24 Samsung has been investing time and money in this line for so many years to call it ultra
Does S23 ultra get atleast half of the software features thatr S24 ultra provides?
Did I see @Beebom source for the geekbench score?
Huawei had a few similar featurs about 4 years back
mrwhosetheboss logic: galaxy ai is literally so good, its the next big tech thing meanwhile pixels have the same features (or get these features on the next update) and he still calls pixels a problem phone  Been a subscriber and viewer since 200k. This was the last straw for me.
more than 3 millions views in less than 21 hrs I think if you run for president you might win
I wonder how much Sammy had to push your way for you, an Apple boi, to give up the Apple? Anything? No? Well, time to dump the Apple watch as it will barely if at all interface with the new phone. 😛
Good review even though I am caught up in the Apple ecosystem 😅, but the video transitions where it fades to dark/black is driving me crazy. Terrible editing 🥺
I can't believe this! Despite the widespread boycott of Starbucks due to their support for the genocide in Gaza, this guy, who has been seen with a genocide enabler and is a staunch supporter of Zionism, chooses to proudly display a Starbucks coffee mug in his video. It's absolutely disgraceful, to say the least. I am unfollowing him immediately and permanently.
what shirt is that? looks comfy
Samsung and most of android phones always get jittery when taking videos. See 11:00. Its already had a jitter. Unlike the iphones, its flawless. If samsung and other android phones can match iphone flawlessness in video taking, i would prefer android. But up until now they cant do it.
R.I.P APPLE 😅
King of tech reviews
Thankx for 0 like❤
11:33 my phone still looks like this 💀
Owning s23ultra. Now let's wait for s25 series.
Awesome upgrades  but security wise is still a fail. until they improve how to trace stole or lost phones IPhone will always have an upper hand.
Wow🎉
I wish i have enough money to buy thing that makes me happy 😢
Nowadays,  Flagships are boring,  but exciting mid rangers
J'aime ce genre de vidéo ! ❤️🇨🇵
Fix the greenline issue 😅😅😅
Lmao Samsung casually copied Apple with the color, matte rails and titanium 😂
Apple after this “Voila ! We are removing the volume buttons to save the environment and reduced the notch by 0.5mm🎉For more upgrades catchup with us next year. Signing off..“
meanwhile apple discovering type-C for charging
Iphone in 5 years: And ALL NEW in a smart phone.... AI
WAIT ITS RELEASED?
Now I will wait for the S25 Ultra after that I will wait for the S26 ultra  🤣
TRENDING🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Awesome features... Samsung changed the dimension of smartphone competition. They are in another realm now.
good work did you meet any people in these Samsung event
The fact that you use NAVIGATION BUTTON instead of GESTURES BUGGED ME throughout this video 😭
Look at iphone weres their iphone 16😂😂
Aaaand it will still brick after one year of use
Finally seeing some real innovation in the smartphone segment. Also props to you for discussing all the new AI features. These are almost life changing.
Can we expect a design change for S25 ultra?.. I am ready to wait..
4x more scratch resistance than last year, yeah right!
18:43 the german translation is completely trash
U talk too muck
Tell me one thing. Why the hell did they provide a 12Mp x3 optical zoom telephoto lens when there is a 50Mp x5 optical zoom telephoto lens? They could have used a decent ultra-wide angle instead of one telephoto lens, like in the Pixel 8Pro. Ps. I will remain faithful to Pixel 8Pro because the Samsung software does not appeal to me at all and is "ugly xD" Pure Android is crushing :) And the fact that Ultra has Snap 3 gen, so what. I don't need more numbers in the benchmark :) That's why I dare say that Samsung is slowly becoming like Apple. They will change something, but it will always be the previous version in a new housing :) All AI photo manipulations downloaded straight from Pixel :)
What color is the S24 in the video? Green?
This stands or falls with Snapdragon or Exynos. Any word on whether it's going to be Snapdragon worldwide? I've had an Exynos S21+ and a Snapdragon S23 Ultra and I swear I'll never give Samsung money for an Exynos device ever again. The first performed worse than my 5 year old budget phone and basically cannot be used as a camera without overheating eventually crashing the device, the latter is the best-performing phone I've ever owned or held.
I wish apple and Samsung could merge. It would be a KILLER phone
Casually wears Apple Watch like he is ever going to stop using iphone
The device‘s AI documenter should not be measured by recognizing the correct Pokémon names. That is not a first world problem. I am convinced that it is great at summarizing non-Pokémon conversations.
Upgrading from my s8+
lol throw that  WATCH in ur wrist as well then.. 😂 2-3 days u will search for that iPhone which u throw away for sure !!
im sorry how did the phone know what was behind the Starbucks cup
Isn't this all taken with help of Google Gemini?
I watched The Samsung Event, poured over the specs, did the research. My S23 Ultra with max memory is all that I need right now. Until I saw this video - your ultra slick (see what I did there?) convinced me where Samsung failed to. My order is in.
Sharp corners 🤣 97 percent of people use cases.
Impressive but I think the s25 is going to be considerably better on the AI features. Im going to wait
Definitely not an upgrade from the s23 ultra
iv never seen you wear a watch arun
intesting
11:24 they removed direct delete option and I couldn't find how to turn off recycle bin , am I wrong?
The new UI kinda messed with me at first(I use an old android so I wasn't expecting that) but now that I've gotten used to it it's pretty good!
Hating my 1 month old Pixel8P so much ,why can't google done there own phone better?
Gboard (Google keyboard) literally has typing translation
Just another usless "upgrade" with no practical new features, only gimmicks and a higher price. 🖕 To samsung
Ah a pixel Copy
Well no sd card expansion slot,  no headphone jack. And going back to already done square edges. Are still a step backwards for me. I do miss IR blaster also. Not really interested in better and better cameras either.  I'll pass again and keep my perfectly fine galaxy s10 plus.
4:50 JerryRig will take care of it
What's the use when he changes his phone faster than his clothes.
AI Colour Accuracy🤢 These fucking AI Tech Bros need to stop replacing other people's jobs  Update: Generative Wallpapers... wtf, let real artists do their job. You'd think arun, who didn't support temu exploiting workers, wouldn't support real artists being exploited in a way that "technically" doesn't violate copyright due to how poorly regulated it is.
i hate the flat screen so much why do i want this shit? all it gives me is no one hand use and bigger bezels ...
Those 2600 nits should be great for me in the Florida sun
Please speak a little bit clearer......very hard to understand
Do not believe this liar
Can you please compare photos of the the Moon from Galaxy s24 Ultra and s23 Ultra
12Gb, my S22 Ultra already has 12Gb. This is not new,  I am confused as to why he mentioned it like that. I still need more with the camera zoom. I am having trouble understanding. Pay off me feels like it's chasing apple and part of me really wants to understand optics. Still needs a proper time of flight sensor so I can use it as an engineering tool.
Can I Get The Phone For Free😢?
As an Apple user, wow! Sublime.
No fun where passionate hardware Improvement?
2:31 The Bezel symmetry is very neat and equally thin which is impressive. 5:14 The Samsung Galaxy display is definitely drop dead gorgeous. 5:16  I can perceive it to be that good based on certain angles in the review. 12:28 The slow motion quality is impressive. 16:17 This part of AI is indispensable. 17:11 17:11 Live translation should make top tier phones indispensable and a crucial component in our daily lives. 19:09 This is interesting that the keyboard can translate language between people that speak different languages.
Watching this video and smiling with my samsung m30 and dreaming if I can purchase this s24ultra
I gotta say, I’m quite impressed with the S24. If I didn’t have 2 more years on contract with my IPhone, I’d switch when the S24 releases. Samsung seems to do a really good job at adding cool features and are willing to push what a phone can do. iPhone can’t say that.
❤❤❤
mentioning BEEBOM's GeekBench comparisions is unexpected !!! 😮😮
Samsung has now officially become the new "wannabe google" after the s24 launch
New phone super charged with AI
Nice hardware, surely not the best. Nice software, surely not the best.
I know I may gain a little heat for this but hear me out.... I'd love for a flagship option without so much focus on cameras. Like remove them all. I'm something of an amateur photographer and usually have dedicated gear with me. Now imagine the extras you could incorporate into a device without camera components. I know my thoughts probably cater for a very small amount of the market, thus it'll never happen, but there you go. 😂
The way he threw that iPhone gets a thumbs up 👍🏽
You forgot to mention that Galaxy AI will require a subscription after 2025! Very key!
A fun question to ask AI - 'what are the potential risks of having this level of AI on our phones?' - I love AI, but having it on my phone. Huge Red Flags there.
You don't review Apple with as much of a critic's eye as you do for Samsung, the same thing I have noticed on other channels, a really strong Bias towards Apple as opposed to Samsung. Holding Samsung to the highest of comparison and giving criticism on newly launched feature but as for Apple saying the Cons softly then totally blowing it away with turning words far from what was the point, But hey Don't need to get offended, this is something I felt and is My Opinion, also Didn't felt this in your older Vids.
Not worth rhe upgrade from 23
Very overhyped analysis. The AI features are rudimentary and one can get more done with other free online apps and websites.
😱😱wow I love this
Samsung s24 ultra is bad as hell
So is no one gonna talk about samsung using the same design as their last phone, but when it comes to apple it’s a problem?
You could have used any other coffee cup
May I know which phone you carry so that I can buy the same.
This samsung 24 ultra will be the new beast and even better than i phone 15 pro max.who agrees?
from english to chinese i dont think its that accurate and it may say wrongly
16:43 When your GF/BF has a different language and speaks that language they will understand what you are saying in their native language? 😮
3 MILION VIEWS IN 22 HOURSSS?????
samsung is such a apple fan
B.S. !   🤮 Nothing changed! Where is bigger battery?? ... where is 2nd sim +SD card?? ...  I have done!... i go back to iPhone!.. samsung doesn't give anything more than IPhone anymore. IPhone is more safe and easy.
Can you give me a phone please 🙏🏼
i was wanting the smart keyboard feature for so long, english is not my first language and when working on an english speaking company, is nice to have AI to improve your message and make it better
Me watching this video on my S10+ 😂
A lot of gimmicks with no real improvements, pass.
And here I am I have the 15 pro max and Samsung is making me think of switching again 🤔😂
Can't stop laughing at the random words being exploded on screen every 20 seconds 😂😂😂😂😂
Samsung is simple the best Whit the s24 ultra!
8:19 Wow those zoom transitions between lenses look WAYY smoother this year
I actually think the new Google "Circle to Search" thing is gonna be game-changer, I could see myself using this like 20 times a day
Bro's drip is clean🔥
Can you make a video abou the s24 vanilla and s24 plus ? Ive heard the bew exynos is far greater that the old 2200
🙏❤️
00:16 Moment has been captured!! 🙋‍♂🙋‍♂
wait so 6g data  is ready ??
Still no reason to upgrade from s22
Arun thank you so much for crediting Sam, he is a great guy trying his best.
Mota ho gaya hai ye
okay phone looks good 👍  but i still need sdcard. onbord storage is not enough for me.
It's ok. I'll wait 25 years for apple to bring these features !!!
11:32 tf was wrong with this UI? It looked great, was perfect for one-handed operation and felt consistent across the device.
Mrwhosetherobot, hasnt used enough AI upscaling on this video, but it still does not look real.
After trying One UI 6 on my Samsung Note 9 i say its quiye a good upgrade
20:25 Well yeah, making apps would have just been a waste of time and money. No one wants to rely on applications, that's why most phones have photo editors built into the camera apps
There is no reason why S23 ultra shouldnt have the Wi-Fi 7 support since it has the same Qualcomm® FastConnect™ 7800 as S24 Ultra which is responsible for Wi-Fi 7 support...
You know of all the S and Note series, the only issue for me is the battery, also it's getting hotter whenever you use mobile data or wifi, or when you using it longer.
Loved the video. I'm a fan of your work and I've seen most of your videos. But please don't promote starbucks. Let's Keep Boycotting it. Of all the things you could have used as objects you decided to use a cup from starbucks.  Free Palestine 🇵🇸
19:36 Yeah, AI will never replace self expression
Imagine the iPhone 16
The software points are quite a miss tbh. It has changed only slightly since 5.1. For example the brightness slider and animated widgets have been like that for a while now
Samsung dropping amazing new technology, Apple just now adopts usb-C because they are forced to....I'm sure all reviewers will talk about how amazing these features are when apple "invents" it in 5-10 years
2:47 As much as I respect your opinion, no one in their right mind holds their phone like that. Ive never seen anyone hold their phone like that.
Everyone- Seeing how good the phone is Me-Is Aron whereing a apple watching ?🤣🤣
17:22 I'd like to see how this works with Japanese-English translation since they basically work opposite of each other.
These samsung phone designs are so boring.  Same thing year after year. Specs look great design is not
Always been an apple fan since i switched from samsung to apple. Now i might need to switch back lol
Can’t wait to have this S24 ultra device 😊
Same phone again
16:50 This feature has existed on Google Translate for a while as well as a device in Japan that was sold like 5 or so years ago back when I went there the first time. Obviously making it mainstream is a huge plus! AI for learning and communication is what I'm excited about!
Most of the AI will be gimmicks. It won’t work consistently. It may work well at times but be equally bad at times.
Pretty comprehensive review of the new AI features in particular and the phone in general! Kudos! Keep up the fantastic work👏🏿👏🏿 🎉
Damnn i wish i could have one 😢
The live translate is freaking insane, this is the first time I'm tempted to switch to an S series.
16:20 This can be done by chucking whatever into ChatGPT real quick, but really cool to see built in, especially as articles become more and more fluff to fill out word count
Samsung has quite alot of potential im using a samsung galaxy tab and it's quite good
When money from samsung make you to say they are the best)
Wait until Iphone copys these!🙂
Nah i swear if I see one more coment "im first" .Like try to just coment somthing conected to the video.      Sorry my English isn't too good
Thx. As someone who realizes what apple does right & appreciates it but absolutely despises ios, I've been a Samsung user for yrs but also hate that they've taken away all that made them great over the yrs so they can make more $ like apple.   I've found that there's really no phone I feel is worth the kind of $ they chg these days & the mid grade 1's really aren't for me either. Usually missing something very useful or important. Also used to waiting a bit & catching a very good sale & those really don't exist anymore. So I better b Happy with my massive purchase. 😂
As a German, I can tell you that the translation of the message at 18:43 unfortunately makes no sense at all
And I use a j5prime😢
why no curve screen 😭Samsung was literally the Best at making Curved screens that weren't "Impractical".
But it's laser light on screen problem on S23 haven't solve. No confident on Samsung. 😢
The AI is the devil in the details, it is not a good thing for privacy.
Finally…
I think AI made this phone 10x better, overall an amazing phone with lots of new features, I hope Samsung continues to change its phones more unlike the 21, 22 and 23, I think 24 is the biggest jump out of them…
Only thing that makes it worth upgrading/swtiching to S24 ultra is the flat screen. Fuck the infinity or waterfall or whatever they used to call their fucking curved screens. God I hated the curved screen.
Who holds their phone so the corner jabs them, lol?      As for this phone, the flat screen is a step towards progress (which is unironically a step backwards, in the good way), but I'm not interested in AI features or mild unnoticeable camera improvements that they could have made and surpassed 3 generations ago if it wasn't for planned obsolescence.    I jumped from an S7, to a Note 10+, to an S22 Ultra, and every time it felt substantial.. but I feel like they are only taking safe routes now, and putting all the innovation into folding phones. I think foldables are great for a specific niche of people (especially the ones that fold vertically like old flip phones), but I am not in that niche.      I will say though, as an ambidextrous person who uses their phone with their left hand, if they come out with a phone that has the button and stylus layout of the Note 10+, where the buttons are on the left while the stylus is on the right, that might make me switch from the awkwardness of using my S22 Ultra.
13:45 This is just Paint 3D's Magic Eraser tool
iPhone kids will get AI features when they get matured (around 20 years later😂)
12:45 Adding frames and stuff is cool, but it's basically regular slow mo. There's a desktop program that does this and the results are mid
S23U > S24U  Change my mind!
So glad they returned to a flat screen, I got tired of the useless curve. However, I absolutely can NOT stand the ridiculous rounded sides, because of the thinness of the phone it makes it a pain in the butt to hold.
He seems sad some how I don't now  but I kinda feel like  he tired you can take a break my man love ur videos
Idk why people are like "I can finally shoot in 4k in slow mo!" when they're taking videos of concerts and pets
3 million views in 24hr, wow
When is your custom built iPhone coming for beating apple in subscribers
The. Most exiting thing of the video for me, is that finally I can start looking for a used S20fe :-/
The corners being sharp doesn't matter when you use a case 99% of the time
Is it worth upgrading from s23 ultra since we will get the AI features with an update of 6.1 UI?
1:48 Aren't all displays flat?
faster cpu is nice but no Resident Evil Village...
the moral of the story is when he asks Samsung questions they ignore him. Done.
Finally getting the real AI assistant we needed
This is a scam please discard 🙂
I bet that when apple release the iphone 17 or 18, they will add the language translator and they will say its brand new and never seen before while the die-hard iphone users will say its revolutionary as if samsung hasnt had it for a few years already (Speaking after the  iphone 17-18 is released)
Just got a Galaxy Fold 5, so I hope some of these features come over
With all the cameras what happened to 3D videos. Also do these phones have USB-C TO HDMI? I need to use VYSOR to phone to the pc. With a hub Keyboard and mouse, it's an Android pc through te pc but USB-C TO HDMI I can connect to any tv or monitor on the go... not my current phone, years back crappy $100 Kmart tablet HDMI MINI  TO HDMI CABLE INCLUDED no data wasted again from tablet straight to tv!
money money money...
Ai text msg responding to another ai text msg.  So apart from the initial msg at what point will it send the msg.. kill human on 3...2...
😮😮😮😮😮
I love it how you have an apple watch on your wrist all the while. Don’t we need to test the AI with the watch? 😂
Samsung fan girls: ha apple keeps making the same phone over and over. Samsung does the same 😂😂😂😂 and now once again they copied apple and used titanium 🤣🤣🤣
Bro donot throw it ,, Give it to me i am good with s22 as well Please
Nah I feel it’s shit for the price I’ll get a iPhone 15 black instead
Yes i agree😊
omg...voice recording function is crazy.  I'm going to use this to my wife, and AI can summarize what she is saying. 😊
i speak german and the translation in 18:43 absolutley makes no sense. hopefully they will fix it.. also the google translater is a build in future to gboard so not even a real new future
Como esta señor? Eat that sir lol
I love this review. I totally agree with him
At minute 3:00 the standing grip case costs £49 on Samsung and the same case sold by Samsung on Amazon is for £25 lol   I've pre-ordered both items on Amazon, I'm moving from S9+ to S24U 😅  In 2023, I bought the s23U but it had a blinking pixel on the top of the screen which was a clear defect so I easily returned it on Amazon.   Hopefully I won't have any issues with S24U.. I need a new phone lol  The s9+ came out in like 2018 bro..
AI is the future of smartphones. It may be where Apple start losing ground because they're so closed off.
12:15 ,the reason ure here 🙌🏻
Vote for comparison video of iPhone 15 pro Max vs Samsung s24 ultra
Is it advertising?
Arun, did you get married?!
"iPhone uses Titanium"  Apple haters- make fun of it. "Samsung uses Titanium" Those same people- Awesome!!  Edit: ofc Samsung is better than Apple but bruh. They tried something different for once and yall trashed them for it but then Samsung followed their steps and all of a sudden yall finally realize its a good thing lmao.
I have a feeling that the audio summary feature will be a godsend for college students during lectures.
who cares - tomorrow will be 26 ultra pro pro and anyway - all thi9s pseudo photography futures sucks comparing to real camera. The phone will NEVER be a camera and real objectiv
Just a copy paste of the previous version which was a copy paste of the previous version. A software update will get any older phone the AI features.
it looks the same......
Một chiếc điện thoại hoàn hảo.
Ok is it better than one plus open? I just returned my oneplus open for this. Did i make the right decision ?
Why is this guy so special on getting things before everyone else
Very disappointed with this silly steps,,, I'm totally hate this models
With that bright of a screen your neighbours are gonna get to watch your movie too
玛德，好想买三星，为什么没钱啊😫😫😫
You should also mention ,that this year Europe has exynos chipset again ,and it's a big deal for a lot of people 🤷
The camera on the s23 was't all that special, especially the front camera. Instead of going for crazy number of megapixels for marketing purposes what they should have done is gone with less megapixels for a claner image. Also Eye autofocus would be nice to see, but that's a whole different story.
4k 120 fps? Sony did it in 2022
liked s23 building shot more i think it handled dynamic ranges better
അരുൺ ചേട്ടാ, എനിക്ക് ഒരു പൊട്ടിയ ഫോൺ തരാമോ?
Aron, you’re my fav tech YouTuber. Supersaf has absolutely nothing on you. He is so pretentious. 😅 😂
All lives are precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: "For God so loved the world that He gave his only Son that whosoever believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life." (John 3:16) God is just so because we broke his moral law by doing wrong against Him, ourselves and others, His punishment for sin is the death penalty. However He is also merciful which is why He gave Himself in human form (Jesus) to die for us, and take away our sins if we repent and believe in Him. If we do, our debt or bail is paid and we can go free. God is also merciful for those who have never heard the gospel and will judge them by their conscience, actions and belief in Him from evidence of creation.
As the ultra is the new Note... the note was famous for the big square design.
Everybody noticing the mobile and me here noticing the gold chain on him 🤣🤣
Me watching this on my s7 edge i bought 10 years ago
Switching to Samsung but keeping the Apple Watch? How’s that going for you?
tbh the new s24 features feels like it’s a phone update rather than a whole new phone
watching a review of phone that I can't buy.
Live translate/Transcribe will be a boon for people like me with hearing difficulties. Using 23 ultra right now with no immediate plans to upgrade for 24ultra but if this feature is peoperly baked and completed. 25 or 26 will be my next phone. P.S. Pixel is no go for me as it cost nearly as much as 23ultra here in Nepal
Will see when Jerry rig it .. 4x stronger 🤷🏾
S24 Ultra 🔥
this would be the perfect phone if it didnt have the  sharp edges
It was so funny when he throws the phone and someone at back caught it 😂
What should i through my iPhone and get Ultra ???
@21:57 - @22:17 Hol Up, Waid aMinute... suMthin Ain't Right.. [that ain't no S24 Ultra]
I think that my phone have Gorilla glass meteor 😂😂😂 Because I dropped it many times on rock and tiles without screen guard and nothing happened 😂😂
Praise the Lord part is awesome😅
what android version does this phone run on? also i think you are slowly becoming the next Mr Beast 😭👏
Samsung didn't even fix wifi 6 issue on s23 ultra as it keeps disconnecting in offline sim mode😢
so they made a sony experia with thinner bezels haha
Y no curve😭😭😭😭😭
Finally we got some one who can head to head compete with 🍎
15:30 my thoughts are it pretty good. Because even the best voice-to-text cant get squirtel right because it isnt technically a real word.
what happened to your bottom right arm
Imagine dropping this phone accidentally on your face and the corners get your eye🤣🤣 square corners look deadly
Waiting for detailed review specially battery check
Nice catch of iphone at 00:17.👏👏👏
The samsung galaxy S24 ultra is awesome phone because it has the 3 cameras that makes the photos with ultra 5G (512GB storage 12GB ram often makes me attractive😊 and come to processor it is:- snapdragon 8 and gen 3 octa core| 3.39 Ghz and talking about display is really amazing❤ 6.8 inch dynamic amoled display 2x anyways it is amazing phone i suggest this phone to all with sufficient storage 512gb thank you arun to share this information you will acheive 18million subscribers and it is gonna happen one day😊 thank you. I hope you see this comment🤗
😮❤
Any idea if they gonna implement ai in s23 ultra?
Bhaai tum sabke boss ho yrr
The only thing missing is satellite connectivity
Bro really tried to rickroll us 19:23
Dude fastest than better ❤
this what sony form factor could achieve 😢
this is not the full review??🤣
there is a problem with my S23 Ultra , the new UI6 is having a problem with the camera (When i use the Ultra View)  Pls Help 🙏
My Mechanics will remove all the sharper edges.
Always the love for samsung phone ❤
Iphone is always great mobile phone I have been using for a long time  I really feel enjoy it in adition to camera is completely perfect snd i can take superior photo in my life  But samsung is one of best smartphones Respect Ai
If google did bring AI To pixel.
Currently on S21, gonna upgrade to S24 Ultra
I'd grab that if they made it look like the non ultra versions (iphone style). I don't care for this look personally.  Edit: Just read Samsung is likely to make the ai features locked behind subscription in 2025. Yikes.
the ring is too good
AI thing in here is just a gimmick. We wont use any of these.
Why is everyone getting so overboard with the AI stuff? Haven’t you guys heard about Pixel?
I wanna see after the next iPhone is released if he keeps the Samsung 😂
The guy is wearing Apple Watch and doing a Samsung video 😂
CIAO IPHONE 15!
Praise the Lord and the music 🎶 😂❤
Who saw the hand catching the S23 Ultra 😂😂😂
That offline AI is faster than online or on the cloud, is not 100% correct in my opinion, since servers have much more muscle than the phone
mrwhosethrboss is running out of content.A week without any videos is crazy
👋
Samsung should consider removing the S-Pen and selling it separately and increasing its battery capacity to 5,500-6000mah on the Ultra.
For gods sake, understand that the screen needs to be flat for more than you admit, like the full use of the S-Pen - try editing pix, writing or drawing with the pen on a curved screen - it is evil. What about the dam thing slipping out of hands due to the curve. Breaking via drops because the sides are so fragile and exposed when curved. And no one really cares about form over function anymore. That's largely an Apple thing, We want high power, high performance and high function. Everything else goes unseen via the protective case, in hand or in your pocket - looks are for those who like Nike for fashion not sports! Also we want the SD card slot back and good stable apple-like video recording. Almost everything else is available via Adobe and ChatGTP. So the screen and extra power are the good changes, something that occurs every gen. Definitely staying with my S22 Ultra 1TB until they offer more. The majority of this show-case was gimmicky
Sharpe corners don't matter, everyone puts cases on lol
Compare his iPhone 15 video with this one, and you'll quickly notice the bias against Samsung.
eh most of these AI features, google pixel has been doing since the 6 pro.
Can you compare the s24 ultra to the iphone 15 pro max camera
Arun: it can auto translate voice calls. Only one of them needs to have S24 Me: if it was apple 😂.
S24 ultra fans here❤
Arun came back with the milk.
Iphone 16 gonna be crazy!
The gray variant reminds me of Note 10 plus
This man has the ability to inform us and entertain us at the same time. Great content Arun, never disappoint ❤💪.
Improve the damn battery.Any new phone should last 20hs with max usage.Oh but we need the ai sorry maybe next year.
We need a Google Vs Galaxy AI Comparison... Looking forward to it.
Normal peasant 8gen 3 phones 😂😂😂
Hi
Samsung ai = 💩
Me who still uses samsung s9
First😁
You just made millions of Apple fanboys cry! 😂
Flat screen is PERFECT for an actual tempered glass screen protector.
There icon pack looks childish
@mrwhosetheboss you sound just like Zagreus from Hades 😅.
Mmrwhostheboss has never let us down! The S24 review is fantastic!
3:38 A rooter not a router !
S23 ultra vs s24 ultra battery daren test kijiye
Seems different enough to justify changing from my note 10+.
Can I just say only you keep these phone previews and reviews etc interesting. Everyone else including MKBHD is just the same old same old.  Edit- longer video AND more views. I guess more people do think so.
I can still remember the title for the pixel 8 series " problems". And for Samsung you are saying " galaxy AI is crazy"? I don't know what to say. I can clearly see a lot of bias in your videos. 11:48 I think the pixel has done that 3 years back and you noticed now?  I can see that you were soo excited by seeing these AI features in Samsung then why aren't you that excited when they were released in pixel 8? Come on man you have to be fair while comparing the phones. You can't be that biased. I don't think you ever mentioned pixel once in the entire video. This isn't fair.
Cqn i have a cellphone 😅
Exynos back in the S24 means I am done with Samsung. They just don't care about Consumers outside of the US. Go, Pixel! And yes... I Know :-)
sadly samsung decided to screw the whole non-US world with another exynos chip. If that weren't the case, I'd be ordering a S24 right now.
1 on TRENDING!? Insane stuff, keep up the great work
10x zoom was the killer feature for me. I hope the zoom quality will not degrade.
Someone -Como estas senor?    ..... Samsung - Eat that sir 💀💀
7:38 bro fell down....poor arun
Should I buy the phone
@Mrwhosetheboss You are the best YouTuber I've watched in a long time.  I was completely engaged, informed and although I didn't need a new phone (as I have the S22 Ultra), I am going to get this phone and encourage my Sister and Nephew who are in the market to get one too.  I've subscribed to your channel and will wait for your next video on this phone.  FYI I have been using Samsung Phones since they 1st launched.😊
I mean the gold chain's good❤
I love the colors! It's such a great selling point! I can't wait to slap a case over it 😅
I hope they giving you stock options at Samsung! Great review!
18:42 as a german i can clearly say that the translation is not great. It should be: Hallo, wie geht es dir - Lang nicht gesprochen! Wir sind der Liebe nicht fremd.  Also great Rickroll right there
i am suck but we are suckkkkkkkk, all of us are suckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk. BANANAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!. Leave a like
Thank you for this! This came quick in time for me to know I WANT ITTTT!!! I'm so excited. Just broke the camera on my s22 ultra after 2 years 😢. I refused to switch to the s23 ultra because my camera seemed better to me in comparison videos but THIS...now THIS IS AN UPGRADE. Omgggg thanks for sharing 💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽✨️
Vote for multiple Languages on this Channel ❤
i liked my comment
And pixels still don't do floating windows
You make a big thing of it having 12Gb of RAM  instead of 8, but my S22 Ultra also has 12Gb of RAM. What gives?  Love the channel BTW, keep up the good work!
Can you do a review of vivo x100 pro and a comparison between these two
do a tech give away 2024
Flat Display??  take my wallet!!!
Sony did it almost 4 years ago with the 4K 120 fps and Samsung's acting like is revolutionary, or you're too amazed:)
If you can loose the chain man  !! -- It's classy that way 🙂..
What is the price?
It's how we love Samsung note with Sharp corner, it's not for teens.
On behalf of all of us int he United Kingdom (and I think everywhere other than the US).... it's grey, not gray lol.
did u remender meet up with mr beast and he show iphone in his production i see his ad of samsung will he use now
😮😮😮😮😮😮
I love this channel in general. Amazing content as always, keep cooking Cap!
TAKE MY MONEY AND GIVE IT TO ME!!!
is it worth an upgrade from a54
The more the titanium the bigger of a problem is.  Insulation properties: titanium also has better insulating properties than aluminum. This means that once it heats up, it can retain that heat for longer, making it feel hotter than aluminum, which dissipates heat more rapidly. Ergo, aluminium is better AGAINST heat vs titanium which traps it if titanium is applied more.
iPhone 1_15 😅
4:02 When Samsung brings a feature that other companies have already brought, it's groundbreaking.  When other companies bring that same feature before Samsung does, no one bats an eye.  The consequence of having less popularity.
Flat and square is everlasting shape, going round was definitly a mistake.
That's just grammarly keyboard
Who else is just waiting for arun to make that s24 ultra vs iPhone 15 Pro max camera competition  (For samsung fans)
It wouldn’t be a Samsung release without some half baked technology to be first on the market. I still remember the ads about how they introduced hand gestures “hey fish fingers”. I guess that line got broke. Ugly phone too.
Gorilla glass is always coming up with some fancy name for it's "new ultimate glass", but I still crack and scratch screens like it's 2014.
The ultra is waayy too bigg!!!
But what about astrophotography?
Now people can see that meme of iPhone being same is nonsense cause last 3 Samsungs were literally same not even bigger camera. And both bew iPhone and Samsungs have new features and internal upgrades
I can see Pixel not very happy to the AI 😂😂
Most of Samsungs huge features are buggy just like you said but the circle to search thing sounds 🔥🔥
Back to curve display
In short not better thsn iPhone 15 pro max. Amazing features but nothing that will change your daiky using experience like crazy (for now). And iphone 16 will be even better. We should compare Samsung and iPhone of same year soo iPhone wins
Buying a phone based on "it's gonna get better in a year or two".. especially with the absolute top end product is just disgraceful. Wait for the S28 or something. Yall that get this are just gonna be guinea pigs.
This phone is 🔥 My new fav correction: has always been from s20
5:43
Why, you glow in the dark. Using microwave any? Exit
Still love the form factor of the S21 Ultra a lot over this, by a lot. However if I got an S24U for free I wouldn't say no lol
Where is the Vivo X100 series video??😢
For a first Gen samsung AI, that's fantastic. We're at the bottom of a big hill. It's very very exciting.
the main question is how many kidneys do I have to sell to purchase this phone?
It got a iq size of a whole galaxy!!
Note 20 Ultra and it's 5x camera being forgotten by everybody 😢  Such a great phone...
The German at the Keyboard translation thing is so bad
Samsung A.I - 2024 Iphone - 2026..we have new system...Ai
Is that a gold chain you wearing 🙃
I wish I could replace from my iPhone; ‘cause I think they have potential…next BB (going their way and ain’t listening to customers for years now).  Also, Samsung now fails in overall execution, anyone approaches me, I can prove so that that ‘Samsung’ failed One UI failed since a decade (refer my earlier comments), needs to be more functional rather Jazzier!
10:49 S23 is clearly better than S24 . But Arun can't decide 😂
18:43 as a german i can tell you, that translation is really fucking garbage and i am certain that even google translate would have done a better job at this
Curved screens are played out.
Lets do the AI Pixel 8 pro vs s24 video
Weird part about screen brightness is that its a balance and pretty random. When I had an iPhone 5 I could have sworn my iPhone 4 was brighter in the sun, I've now gone from a 7 to 12 to 14 Pro and still can't see my phone too well in direct sun no matter how many nits the screen has increased by over the years. Plus there's this software glitch or intention where my phone on full brightness will randomly dim- no it's not auto brightness, no its not low power mode, I have no idea what it could be. Also, manufactures please stop with the nits, yes we like to see a number increase but its a measurement no one can grasp unless you showed me the full brightness of an OG iPhone vs a 15 Pro or something
Did they mention anything regarding the AI features only being free until 2025?
Again at what point is using AI to move things in existing photos cheating?
So the AI is online based, so that means that every other phone can do the same but obviously Samsung didn't want you to have it on a previous phone.
The guy catching the phone at 0:17 . +Rep
so they just put chat gpt into the phone
Only 12g of ram?
I do feel that I can really on your reviews on whatsoever the products might be.! It's just like MWB is the guarantee anyone will ever need.!!
18:32 holdup did i just get rickrolled 😂
Love y man..i actually dozed off 😂..we love ur reviews..lively humorous and credible
So basically a mix of Bibxi on steroids and Google Bard with Gemini built-in..
At what point is an AI knowing what’s supposed to be in a photo cheating? Like it’s not actually what shot you take. Its whatever the AI thinks you are trying to take a picture of.
No matter what Samsung sells, I wont go back there. Got a S21 ultra that few months ago suddenly started to take terrible blur pictures. Wont buy that again.
No, don't take my flat screen with proper corners. That rounded corner, taking bits off my screen millimetre by millimetre thing drives me completely nuts. It's insane, that's what I'm paying for and it's going in a case anyway. Rounded corners is as silly as circular smart watches. I'd rather get the camera out of the screen too, that is also completely insane. I do not care if my phone is a few millimetres taller because I'm a real boy and not intimidated by that. I'm impressed by functionality not trashy nonsense concerns like the colour of the thing, or if it's 20 grams lighter because *that* will make all the difference. It's the kind of mentality that gave us years of laptops that can't cool themselves, don't have the ports we all need, but do have speakers built in that you absolutely shouldn't use in public because that makes you the kind of person who tries to talk to strangers on the Tube. And we all know the most popular Vulkan nerve pinch of all time is Spock taking out the guy with the ghettoblaster.  But yeah, lots of the rest is fair and it's always nice when phone reviewers don't fawn over Apple as if their designs are anything but pathetic.
You got the worst editor on yourtube
camera comparision
3 million views in less than 24 hours. I'm glad and proud that after all these years your hard work and dedication has paid off. Well deserved Arun..well deserved.
I was skeptical at first because there were no big design changes, but now I think the S24 is the "true phone". You know, when Steve Jobs released the first iPhone, it wasn't just a phone, it was a device that made people's life easier. At a time where most companies forgot about that aspect, the S24 happened. The implement of the AI is much better than I thought it would be. It's genuinely made to help you. This is the right direction for Samsung and this is probably the biggest Software movement in probably a decade. There's no reason to talk about Apple here, but since they're Samsung's biggest rival, I wanna say, Samsung put the nail on the coffin this time.
An excellent detailed review.
I get that for some people might enjoy the differences. But I think 95% of people wouldn’t really notice any difference between the S22Ultra, S23Ultra & S24Ultra, so not worth the upgrade unless you are very wealthy haha
Man I wish I could afford it 😂
Still cant record phone calls
Those AI features are only on s24 series or all samsung phone that will get the update?
Самсунг предложил что то новое и мы этим будем пользоваться , а айфон ничего нового ! Самсунг облегчит социализации людей , через общение синхр перевода и быстрого поиска  , у айфон только платные приложения и брэнд !
Please review this: What level of performace will have with 24 ultra and 24+ as ultra have the octa-core and plus has the deca-core.
Titanium actually has much lover heat conductivity compared to aluminum: 11.4 W/m·K vs  212 W/m·K This means that aluminum is a much better conductor of heat than titanium, so much so that I doubt that a larger heatsink will do the trick, especially on Exynos chips which are historically known to be more on a hotter side.
Can’t wait for you to talk about the Galaxy Ring. Should Oura feel threatened? We’ll find out.
Interesting that pixel 8 already has all these AI features and Samsung is importing them onto their phone using the faster Qualcomm chip. If Samsung is successful then tensor's future may in doubt. Google needs to go back to Qualcomm.  Tensor just doesn't keep up.
i was thinking about buying an iphone, maybe not...
Whats the competition whats that even mean
ah yes the forced shoehorned for no reasons  fiance shots/photo are back in my tech videos...arun please make a separate vlog channel for those interested in them.... thankyou
Nice❤❤❤❤❤
😂
I've been on the same S10 5G for nearly 5 years, but after watching your video, I decided it was time to stop ignoring my upgrade emails and get the Ultra 512gb in Titanium Grey. :D Roll on next Wednesday!
Which is good base model of s23 vs s24 in view of camera not ai also Snapdragon gen2 vs Exynos 2400 give ur opinions
18:42 The translation is even worse than google translate 10 years ago
It's gonna be sad when nearly all the photos we see on social media will be fake
the competition means iPhone 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Flop phones ,No body needs now ..Not even significant incremental upgrades..
You forgot to mention that most of the features were copied from Pixel 8 series and Google helped Samsung for it.
first make fun of apple and then use thier idea to become cool
me looking at mrwhosetheboss comparing the s23 and s24 and not seeing which one's which
Copy - paste from last year with minor difference like Iphone… Is Apple finally going to change the design since Samsung dissapointed again.
Can I save $ and get Galaxy AI on the S23 generation?
I will use the S24 ultra, why? Because Samsung has paid me to do so, but ill tweet still from my Iphone Pro max as its has higher benchmark score and camera is still better =)
Hello😂have a nice Day from Germany I have Samsung galaxy S23 February is 1 jear old I am very happy  interested on this phone i am from Turkey 🇹🇷🇹🇷thanks for this video
the german translation shown in his example just cringes the F out of me. Its sounds just wrong and the meaning got lost.
Loved your video but not impressed
Me a samsung fan buying an iPhone because Arun hyped me up for one now seeing him switch to Samsung 😢😢😢
Marketing.  No difference  please
S24 and S24+ are worst this year because of Exynos processor 🤮🤮 There non ultra models sells are less and after this it's going to be even worse 📉📉📉📉📉 *At least iPhone gives previous year flagship processor to their non pro models*
15:25 This is nonesense criticism. There is not a single auto transcription tool in the world that would recognize pokémons are a part of a conversation ... Even when big company names get mentionned in conversations, they sometimes don't get picked up by the A.I.  I know because I am a researcher who's been using transcribing interviews for a very long time.
I am happy with my 15pro max,  Thanks 🙏🏻
14:57 ?
This might be the only time I've ever genuinely been interested in an AI model and it's practical uses. Is the AI specific to the phone or do you think it's expected to be released to other phones with updates? I read somewhere that it seemed to be linked to the Samsung One UI 6.1 but wasn't sure how true that was.
Time stamps dudeeee timestamps !! you´re a 17M subscribers youtuber not an amateur !!
Can you virtually remove that stupid punch hole now? And have virtually rounded corners that look exactly like those on the bottom of the screen? I'm still on the S10 because of this and will not buy a new phone until I can get rid of that stupid hole in the display, I don't care if I get a forehead border, that doesn't bother me.
can you give me that phone?
Everyone wants the galaxy S24  why don't I have it
can a regular low income person afford it?
It’s weird how apple got a tiny bit more rounder, and the S24 got more boxy with sharper corners. I held it for a bit the other day at my Best Buy… and I found it ultra uncomfortable to hold (Pun intended).
Do Poco x6
The german translation at 18:43 is actually terrible.
7:32 I watched it 20 times and it still makes me laugh sorry arun 😂😂😂😂
A Samsung flagship without a curved screen is the ugliest thing you could ever see...
Design is still horrible as ever.... The phone can be the best in the world, nut damn its horrible to hold :c Why would you make a phone thats almost so sharp it can legit cut you with its corners?  More over, i am so tired of "Look we got AI"... Just give me a god damn phone that works, for crying out loud
Did you say praise the Lord 😂
19:22 Rick rolled
iPhone when are you coming with these features 😢😢😢
Hey @Mrwhosetheboss After a long time, a really long time, I liked your video.  You were so cool and calm describing the things. No rush, nothing. This is the kind of YOU that we liked before.  Good that you are back and keep continuing.
My man started the video roasting Samsung  Tru apple fan this guy
With my wifes NHS discount and trading in my S22 ultra, i got the phone and watch for £691. Samsung are brilliant for this.
I need this phone but I have not Money 😢😢
good catch man cant be dropping a 15 pro max for a samsung S24 ultra either
plug your fiancee what was that about
This video has a 0.048710361722072% chance of someone commenting
Day 2 please compare Lenovo legion go and steam deck
18:43 ok it doesn't seem to be good at translating figures of speech😂that German translation is just utter garbage! It just translates word by word... EDIT: even translating that text with google translate gives WAYYYY better results!
Genuinely don't understand how all this isn't just new features in the apps. I guess they take some more processing power but "Galaxy AI" is just new features that would eventually be added even without the Galaxy AI branding it seems? It would be like building Autocorrect around "Galaxy Space Assistant" or some made up thing. It's just another set of features that everything else will also have? Unless I'm missing something.
Bro makes video faster then my internet speed
but samsung is really best company ever
Yet again, Samsung bringing us the best phone in the world
i think soon iphone do this copy cat🤣🤣🤣
Now that's called an upgrade ... *Unlike Apple*
So nothing that we can't live without?  The AI features got me hyped, but idk if they are that ground breaking or inovative.
I admire iPhone 15pro max for its LONGEVITY but no doubt that I love S24 ultra for its DURABILITY and FUTURISTIC CAPABILITY. Job well done SAMSUNG
Is S23U will get software update AI too ?
Fun fact: S21 Ultra started at 12GB RAM ^_^
I'll stick with my s23 ultra not really much of an upgrade
0:16 the guy who catched the phone 😂
By the way.. Good Catch at background😀
Vivo X100 pro is much better than this in camera zoom and night shots,
Hello Arun i have a s22 ultra the s24 is a nice upgrade in a semse of upgrading features which is cool would i upgrade no only if i do trade in but not necessary for me my galaxy is used for work mainly im a iphone user 😊👍🏽
Glad the person in the back catched the phone nicely! :)
Watching this video on my S22Ultra
*** Disclaimer***  5. Galaxy Al features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for Al features provided by third parties.  These features wont even be free ! What a shame from Samsung to not even mention this in their presentation. All of these features are being shared from Google and they're already free of charge by purchasing a pixel. It's great that Google and Samsung are collaborating with Google's AI Gemini as they are taking a leap ahead of competitors. Apple will be left behind. It's just a matter of time.
yawn
All of these "new" AI features are already on the Pixel Phone or am I missing something?
3/4 about the design are things only Mr who's the boss  would notice
Samsung is going in the right direction
You know I bet in a few years we’re going to have phones that are powerful enough to work like desktop computers😂😂😂 I’m talking like 64 GB of ram. 5 terabyte of storage. A powerful graphics card. Etc.
10:41 s23 zoom looks thousands of miles ahead
You're the only YouTuber I've seen so far who doesn't just list features...you told us how well they performed
So Galaxy, slowly, is becoming a Pixel 😂😂😂
S24 Ultra GOATED 🐐
I think solely on device AI is more of a drawback.There's also no guarantee that companies can't train on your data, since you still are essentially conected to the internet most of the time. It allows companies a pretext to slow roll AI progress.  Though due to accelerating market forces it probably won't be a sustainable practice. Perhaps a mixed solution is inevitable. Assuming smartphones remain the primary nexus of AI access.
Look exactly the same as the previous phone. These phone companies must pay you a lot of money to describe this phone as ''different''.
I'll wait for the fold with these features.
I watched your old vids of switching to iphone and switched to the 15 pro max. Now you're switching back😂
Galaxy AI is basically shitty at this point. It's the basics google AI features built to gestures. Y'all so called YouTubers praising that is a joke 😂
android coming best 🤩
17:05 from what i saw the German translation looks really bad^^
Buy S24 series  Buy S24 series Buy S24 series Buy S24 series Buy S24 series Buy S24 series
So new overpriced phone with 5.5/10 new features that doesnt work (imagine buying new vacuum cleaner, that doesnt clean) GG samsung, mediocre at best, as always.
I love Samsung  just because of their ONEUI. The best android skin out there, perfect mix of features and optimization. i am a midrange samsung user and planning to buy the next a55
The music was good and soothing, but why arun was speaking in between in beyond me!
Apple better
Can someone please care to explain what is this AWT88K I'm seeing everywhere?
MRWHOSETHEBOSS actually is really close to beating apple subs 🎉😃🤯
I never considered samsung galaxy to be close to iphone, let alone be equal.. but genuenly this is the first time I'm in doubt.. good job samsung and good job qualcomm
Too many gimmicks, plus they made a big deal about the chip beating Apple last year chip.
Will the AI be part of the previous Galaxy lineups? E.g. S23s, Fold5
It must be really hard for Arun to make these phones seem interesting, seeing as the differences now between models and manufacturers is so minuscule that even the manufacturers don't want to tell him the facts, because they mean nothing. Are we really impressed with something going from 300 milliseconds down to 200 milliseconds? I stopped buying flagships with the S20 and to be honest, I don't miss any of these new 'features'. I could imagine Samsung just using exactly the same advertisements as last year, just editing the 3's to 2's and adding a number to the snapdragon chip and memory :))))))))))
Looks like a good phone, only issue is its $2199 AUD for the base ultra model 😢
Hi I'm a vivo user can you do a review on the new v series this year please
the new quick setting menu is trash. the old one was easier to use. I didnt need to go all the way to the top to switch off wifi before. it also removed some popup menus too.
that summarize feature is definitely a lifesaver for students' projects
L iphone + google pixel ai = samsung galaxy 24
Am good with my note 10+
Wtf is up with all these bot comments saying the same thing lmao. Any real human beings in the comments?
Iphone wrecked 😂😂
I am curious about the battery test on the Samsung 24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max and to see if it better
is the galaxy ai coming to the s23
This phone couldn’t have dropped at a better time! I literally just dropped my old phone by accident and broke it an hour ago 😂
‏‪0:17‬‏ 😂😂
So what tf is awt88K
Don't bang on it. Mature yourself
I can’t believe all the idiots in the comments thinking that he is paid by Apple yes because trillion dollar company needs to pay a YouTuber  And you Samsung fans get mad even if you just see an Apple Watch on his hands grow up
Awesome review, man. Thanks.
I prefer Huawei mobile
I realized the exact same minute the phone released
The s24 ultra is  a big step up for Samsung ❤
just another pixel 8 pro v2
Lmaooo 00:17
No Qi2 is a bummer
Who the 🦆 Uses Wifi 7. I swear we all just got on the dance floor with Wifi 6 and 5G networks.
alright now where the battery test video
Galaxy AI 😍😍😍
Rostdan ham bu yilgi Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra zo'r chiqibdi👍. Dizaynida sezilarli yangilik bo'lmagan bo'lsa ham Galaxy AI ancha katta yangilik bo'ldi. Shuning uchun ham Samsung telefonlarini iPhone dan yaxshiroq deb hisoblaymanda.
This video was going great until the starbucks. Really? While a mass genocide going on by Israel? While the whole world is boycotting starbucks for endorsing their genocide? Could have used any other thing to show the camera sample.
Are S24 series getting Snapdragon 8th Gen in the UK? The info isn't available on Samsung website, which makes us think that some AI features will be downplayed if the phones come with Exynos.
I was about to say that the german translation in this call translation feature was weird as hell xD
2600 nits only selectively, not on the entire screen. 15 pro can have 2000 nits on the entire screen.
waiting for i phone 16 pro max
Dude is a techy but he is the most interesting one.
I hope they fixed the noticeable frame dropping, especially when recording videos.
wow
Spelling and grammar.........what 85% of ppl in comment sections need.
That's a great, impressive and really magnificent review, however, Iphone performance and response is still incomparable 😊
That translate and recognition voice thing is similar to YouTube's captions 🤣
good review although i didnt agree with giving a bad rating because the phone did not understand pokemon. Pokemon is not real and nobody will be recording pokemon notes
Is Titanium really dissipate heat better than Alunimiun?
“Creasing” yeah haha not everyone will get that
I can go for my new contract in about month and a half. Hope there are more "daily use" reviews by the. Looking for a upgrade
At 18:43 you can see that the translation from english to german is not that good. It translated word by word and not the overall meaning of the sentence. I think the feature sounds cool, but it has to get better in translation to be actually helpful.
Features looks very similar to pixel 8pro
Why is everyone talking about Awt88k on a samsung phone video ?
You throw your iPhone, but your using apple watch 😛
Nothing about battery,shame
Love it how all the Ai is actually Google and I can already do all those things on the pixel .  Also Google isn't charging for that Ai after 2025. Love my Pixel 8 pro. Gold.  You were too harsh of the P8P in your review. It has just kept on getting better.
I can see the sadness of a i sheep in Arun's eyes
All of the features that you have told us regarding the keyboards, this has already been implemented in millions of the keyboards, that are one search away on play store. What they actually did is copy the features of small companies keyboards. That's all they did.
Show of hands from all those who use Samsung keyboard? Hello? Joohoo! Anybody? Nope. Nobody uses Samsung keyboard...
Just saw the gold band 🎉 when did Four Harvard Henries get married ?
3:12
3:12
You can really tell soft people when they complain about little indents on their hands. Oh, my God, pumpkin. I am sure you can get a manicure to help take your mind off things .
Sadly my fold 2 doesn't get the new UI update
Regarding AI features: "Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices.". I guess let's welcome the subscription model to mobile phones as well
Just need to wait until camera tests, it against Vivo X100 pro and Oppo find X7 ultra. I have a doubt or two the galaxy will win, but we will see.
You didn't meantion that the AI features might only be free for 2 years
I miss the note line
But you are don't compare with ♥️apple because APPLE`S Son is Samsung and  apple's son  Samsung is sometime talented 😂 than father and that's why apple know  everything in 48mp camera  Hence proved  APPLE'S son is Samsung.
Apparently through leaks the iPhone 16 pro will also have ai so lets see if it competes with Samsung or does better.
The AI Software is only for the 1 year for free. What will happen if you don't upgrade? Will be that effective to whole phone? That's the questions that should be answered. Differently isn't a review but advertising
10:30
that summarize feature is definitely a lifesaver for students' projects
Ok ok, fine ill trade my s23u for the s24u
This guy is secretly promoting star bucks. He is against people of Gaza. Supporter of Israel. I used to see every video he posted. But after interview with sunak I even un subscribe all his channels. After a long time I saw this video and found out he is still against humanity and part of evil.
Can't wait for the camera check.
So its the same phone
Please gift me s 24 ultra 🥹
do one video regarding ballie as well
Recording 4k 120fps on my Asus Zenfone 7 pro , from many years ago ... C.mon Samsung ....
damn samsung copying apple which is copying old ford
Do 24 ultra vs iphone 15
Review some other phones nah
Ok
Wow the color combination for the drop down menu is really slick at 11:11, can someone please tell me what the palette is?
900k more
The sharp corners are for emergency cases. If you found someone running, Bam!! Corner in the neck and person on the ground😅. Dont worry i am just kidding.
I've only finished my payments for the s23 ultra and now this comes out 😭😭😭
So if you dont need constant language translation an you edit video on a laptop, the "AI" on Samsung would be a miss?
all very cool. all a huge privacy concern
Can't wait 🙏🏻
Do a video on the Poco m6 pro It's about 300-400$
Hope it will not have a green line on the screen…
I'll just wait for the S26
When you realize this video has got more views than the actual samsung s24 video
iphone 15 pro max vs S24 ultra camera test please 🙏
flat surface is enough reason for me to buy
They always said. You want to sell? U need to be good with numbers. From 338ms to 238ms.. wauww
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner, similar to what AWT88K is proving, these guys are doing real innovation unlike the S24
Pretty sure that most, if not all, of the A.I. features are the ones that were supposedly only for the Google Pixel. I believe AWT88K stands out the most
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
Pretty sure that most, if not all, of the A.I. features are the ones that were supposedly only for the Google Pixel. I believe AWT88K stands out the most
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
I fully believe that the real maker of the show has to be AWT88K and not these S24 AI features at all
If some did not gaze into AWT88K despite that being the actual highlight of Samsung's presentation, then that's your bad mostly
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
Where are the words on AWT88K? This is rather how I would have imagined innovation from Samsung, seems like Bezos just the smarter marketer
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Samsung's like the gatekeeper for phones released every year, they release an absolute powerhouse every January but AWT88K killin all of it, the AWT88K innovation is just incredible
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner, similar to what AWT88K is proving, these guys are doing real innovation unlike the S24
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
The only feature that I'm excited about is the flat screen. Samsung got outshined this year by AWT88K
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner, similar to what AWT88K is proving, these guys are doing real innovation unlike the S24
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
I've been a massive fan for  6+ years, always the goto guy before you buy any new smartphone or gadget. When we talk about AWT88K?
I wish you could do a separate short video review for its gaming features🥺im reallyyyy confused on whether to pick s24 ultra or an iphone 15 pro max. gaming is a huge deciding factor for me
Upgrade done this morning from the 22 plus to this ultra roll on the 24th
Is this video sponsored by Starbucks? I feel like the Starbucks coffee cup was a statement to certain people and certain actions.
12 13
What exact date to luanch this phone
Feels a bit like they're rushing the ai features for the phone when it's not really at that point just yet.
I'm  not impressed with the AI features at all. I expected way more than this.... This is just gimmicky.
another beast 2024 the best camera phone
I have both. Apple and Samsung. I love Samsung brings out big things but unpredictable apples way bringing out things when they really work well. I will miss the 10x leans for street photography. Maybe wait for the S25
Feels like it killed the 15
It just feels like Samsung has hit its phone innovation peak for the time being ? A whole new generation of a flagship and the big thing is AI , some camera perks with a brighter screen ? Anyways this has been my favorite tech channel for years and there isn’t a video I won’t see through to the end cuz it’s just that engaging , informative and entertaining
Eh even with the AI Stuff, I'm happy to stick with my S23 Ultra.
Bro why are you surprised that the AI doesn't understand Pokémon names 😭   I love Pokémon but those ain't english words bro
Could you pls do a oneplus 12 and 12r review
S24?
@5:00 well...... time for  someone to find if it scratches on level 4 and deeper grooves on level 5😂
Prize??
Sorry to quibble, but do you have a source on titanium being a better heat conductor than aluminum? As an aircraft test engineer, I've always thought of titanium as an insulator
17:45 A.I got plans to kill you Mr. 😂
You made it seem like there are some groundbreaking AI features, while it’s basically worse stable diffusion + gpt/bard integrated as a gimmick. Just jumping ahead of competition on AI hype train is nothing spectacular.
okay so basically the same phone with a bunch of AI. 🤔 if this was apple they’d be getting thrashed by now
*Me hating on my s9*: They're copying iPhone so bad
so they are copying iphone, not changing the display every year lmao.
I wish i can have that one best phone today 🙏
Kinda sad that they removed the curved edge but we'll see... I was waiting for the S24 to upgrade from my Note10+. It's been nearly 5 years. This phones are STRONG
I was wondering how I can use this new AI for language learning. I know many will tell me it will instantly eliminate my trouble of learning different languages as it provides live translation etc. but hey I enjoy learning languages. If it’s recommended by many others whose purpose is the same, maybe I’ll give it a try. That's the kind of AI features that I want.
isn't the benefit of the larger sensor resolution on the 5x zoom, that it then simply applies a 2x crop factor to give you the "10x zoom?
Arun, u should do a video on smart watches like the Galaxy Watch 6 and Series 9 it'd be a pretty cool vid!
18:41 As a German I can say that this translation isn´t good, but you can understand it.
You are badly fun of Iphone bro. You know that Iphone can't bring these mind blowing features in next 5 years but still you are trying to boycott Samsung as you can.
bro your subscribers are beating coryxkenshin great job.
Why are you so likeable lol
I don't even know there new phone this guy?. Bor faster than my dad left for milk☠💀💀
Song @12:25 ?
Bro got more views within few hours and samasung's video after 16hrs got 2m2million views only.
Check the fine print for the AI features. It says it's free until the end of 2025..... Then what? Worth noting.
Watching From PH my favorite tech reviewer 💯😍
2600 nits is crazy bricht
Some of AI features in this phone are available in Capcut app for quite some time.
From where did you get that sweatshirt from?? Cloth link!!!??!!
Wow sana all. Ha ha after 3 yrs mag kakaron narin iphone niyang AI 🤣 na meron ang samsung
i cant believe this video is number 8 on trending thats insane also i pre ordered the s24 ultra last night in violet cant wait to get it on launch day
Does ai makes the device bulki?
I'll do 1 push-up for every subscriber i get. Right now, it's 33 lightweight 🚶
How much did they pay you to clean up the mess that was the most boring phone reveal of all time?
Guy catched Iphone in the back bro💀💀💀💀💀
Samsungs always copy’s apple 😂
Don't get me wrong I love Samsung, but for the price 1299 USD you can buy Xiaomi 14 Pro (ULTRA Incoming) Nubia Z60 Ultra VIVO X100 Pro or OPPO Find 7 Ultra phones with similar specs (CPU) faster charging (80-120W) and have tons of money left over for a smartwatch or accessories of your choice. Oh and these phone do come with a fast charging brick, cable and case in the box. Ask Flossy Carter, he'll tell ya!
Make an Ipod collection evolution
Basically not worth getting
5:40 performance of this chip compared to "peasant" snapdragon is gonna be an absolute joke because of throttling once again, just like last year... I don't know why you'll hype up the performance every year when a simple, 30 minute gaming throttling test will tell the whole story every year
Noo ! MrWhosetheBoss I’ve been a loyal subscriber for the past 3 years because you made great Apple content but now you are switching to Samsung 😢 guess it's time to unsubscribe
for me, it's the guy who catches the phone behind him
Good
Camera test brother 🎉
Tv Android.Haha! Woman handy.
Competition i:e with the apple… might be.
Apple should copy all these ASAP
nice bro
It does not look like the Iphone. Not even close.
waiting for 15 pro max comparison
We're diving into AI 3 years too early. Needs to be far more accurate for language translation to prevent misunderstandings
One of the main attractive many characteristics and features of the iPhone is iTunes and the ability to download Music and store it on your phone(certain people will say, ITS A PHONE NOT A STEREO OR RADIO) but I do not care , Apple may have said the IPhone 15 pro max will be the last IPhone unfortunately, but I am a loyal Apple customer, if I had the money everything I have tech wise apart from my PlayStation would be Apple
Looks worth a wait, switching from S21 ulra to S24 ultra 1tb ... costs me £770 which I think is a good deal.
So, pretty much, there are no big improvements, and my Note 20 5G Ultra is still good.. fml.. i was really hoping that it would be good enough to upgrade..  Samsung!!! Make the screen bigger!!! Cmon... like 7" or 7.1" cmon, please.. make it ultra XL :D
4:46 the competition maybe is Kulun Glass from Huawei
AND HERE IS ME USING S20 AND BEING THE MOST HAPPIEST PERSON (DYING INSIDE FOR S24)
We already have enough nits for the sunniest of conditions. I have a feeling that samsung is just looking for useless features for marketing
Fact: that keyboard ai is already in Microsoft shift keys
Will galaxy ai come to 22 ultra😅
No matter how good Samsung phone is, iPhone users including Markus and Arun, still use iPhone even though iPhone still use ancient features in 2024.
A flatscreen and 4K 120? If you could do it across all lenses it'd be a Sony (didn't want to write that but the whole 'flat screens are now brilliant' vibe has irked me).
I wonder that more than 50% of the users of this phone are just going to use it to make calls and browse instagram, which would mean that all the hardwork Samsung has done on this phone will not matter at all.😂😂😂😂
God Samsung really have become the Microsoft photocopier of phones.  Everything a gimmick - a 100x zoom thats shit, a UI that has to be massively changed every year.  Junk.  No wonder Apple have overtaken all these pieces of Android junk....
Your video about S24 Ultra has around 400k more views than the, also great creator, MKBHD! And you guys released your videos in the same time, approx. Which makes sense, we know why, that's not the point.  Although I enjoy others' creations, for years I always go to your vids first when you release one, enjoying it just a bit more.
So I guess the most exciting thing was the Samsung Ring teaser ?
Mr Look at me has finally agreed Samsung is the phone for him, but continuously digs at them... I remember now why I unfollowed him.
It's nice and integrated very well but I hoped for something more. Especially those features are all already supported on the Pixel 8 Pro. So my assumption was that Samsung takes Pixel's features and adds some more stuff to it but it's like they just took them and integrated them into OneUI without really improving it. So while they are nice and while it's great for people who prefer OneUI over Pixel's skin, it's still nothing new and somehow a bit sad to see that it's basically just an integration of Pixel's AI features into OneUI.
Just a reminder that huawei phones used to (idk if they still do) have a 7000fps slow mo (yes, 7k frames)
What a blunder. The removal of the curved display is a big turn off.
This an ad?
14:30 Can you hear it?  All the AI stuff that has popped up in the last year is amazing, but the fact that Samsung is bringing it to the masses by including it in their phones, and integrating it so seamlessly and making it so easy-to-use really makes this phone feels YEARS ahead of the S23 Ultra. Can't wait for other phones to do the same and more.
I’ve noticed that people talk more about the iphone16s than the s24s
Are people really that bothered anymore? Just buy what you can afford and enjoy it. 20 years ago these things didn’t exist.
Nothing new, little evolution. The same battery, I'm reluctant about the cameras, the same display, etc., etc., etc. Maybe some people are fooled by the implementation of AI, although many who write here are fake accounts. Too much foolish spending. I have an S22 ultra, I can't even think of changing it. Maybe next year.
I think i did a good deal got a one 1Tb black one for 1279 euro thats like a 500 euro discount without returning an old phone. Belgium.
did the Samsung AI stage this whole Video?
It’s been so long since I’ve had a Samsung  It’s crazy how different they are now  If I wasn’t so invested into the Apple ecosystem I would definitely try one out
NOTHING CHANGED ON THE DESIGN
s24 is literally killed iPhone 15 pro max
Everytime I hear the term „AI“ I hear my eyes rolling. Because since ChatGPT launched a lot of companies just introduced „AI“ into their products but a lot of the times it‘s just a marketing term and a buzz word. But the here in the new Galaxy S24 Ultra it seems like it is actually more than that which is great to see.
cant wait for iPhone 16
No one can match the classic way to review this man does...what an interesting way to review..
THE KING of phones
2:28 iPhones been doing that since iPhone X lol
I would not understand the name of that pokemon as well. As i am not aware of pokemon things... dont blame it
make it tinier , lighter  instead  all this useless features.
S24 users be flexing for their 4k 120fps in 2024 *Me laughing in the corner with my Asus ROG 3 😂😂
There's a big hype building around the Poco x6 pro.... with insane features please look into it before we make purchases. Thanks
Flat Display definitely a step Backwards.!!
Dude! Why didn't you reviewed Vivo X100 pro yet 😢?  Kindly do a comparison with this phone 😅
iPhone 15 pro max vs s24 ultra
5:53 Even Samsung knows Exynos sucks lmaoooo!
just to let you know the translation to german was bullshit😢. It  makes no sence😢
Nobody notices the ring😅❤❤🎉🎉🎉
The day where Samsung users won’t be able to brag in every iPhone zoom test comment section has come
Sir I really like what you do and wish to do the same ❤
Samsung and me are really done now. that coming from a 15year Samsung customer
Sry, but 18:43 is NOT the correct german translation. Not even close. If the translation is on that level it would be better not to have it at all. (I am german)  Thats just word to word translation without sentence structure like the first google translator MANY years ago!
I'm puzzled about this contrary result from yours from an Android Central article: "I was speaking English, and the Samsung rep on the other end was speaking Korean. The person on each end only heard the machine-translated voice, not the human speaker's voice, which added a noticeable pause in the conversation but otherwise worked impressively well."
Now that's an upgrade. Not those who release same phone every year and call it innovative 😂😂😂😂😂
Its kinda weird that AI is a main topic now, as many features in the evolution of phones have already had AI improvements every year
Do you Think that some of the AI features could come with Software Update even to the S23 Ultra or are these features Hardware based like thanks to the new NPU
Still trying to figure out if he is talking about S23 Ultra or S24 Ultra. There is hardly any difference, except for some software gimmicks.
Usually phones have problems on release that get straightened out the first release.  Samsung gave a decent trade in on my old phone, making the upgrade worthwhile for me.
But iphone did a new phone and changed its charging port and called innovation 😂😂
Throwing off 15 pro max was personal Lol
You said like the iPhone it has a flat screen 😂.. Samsung is nothing like an iPhone, Samsung is light years ahead of any iPhone, dont compare them Haha
Now this will take iphone 50years to replicate and call it innovative 😂😂😂😂😂. SAMSUNG FOR LIFE. ANDROID FOR LIFE... I love it when iphone fan boys like you talk about samsung 😂😂😂.
Mind blowing 🤯
I dont know if I am the only one but I am finaly that we have 12 gb ram rather than 8. The fact that it took them this long is funny🤣🤣
It looks the same stop cappin
I glad that samsung invete the conversation ai thing , soon apple add it to the iphone but it actully work this time😂😂
I don't like the phone. Doesn't excite me in any way, I'd rather get a 23ultra instead
Note on the smart keyboard: microsoft swiftkey has had the same features baked into their keyboard for years already, and its accessible to any android device (maybe IOS too?)
Looks like same old phone to me
Personally, I am amped about the flat screen. That's been my biggest complaint because the screen protectors suck for the curved screens. A flat screen will have a better screen protector which in the end the screen will look better!!!
Welcome back to samsung
Embargo is good for you Arun but remember that your words shouldn't change with every new phone launch. You just can't say that Samsung is good or Apple is good for a decade ! Make a balance what you say.
I see big improvements on the camera
They should work on the size of front camera
They removed the curvbed screen purely because of their longevity. Their curved screens are plagued with greenlines and pinklines possibly on their 3rd year of use plus the repairs cost as much as the phone itself 2nd hand so going from curved to flat (possibly to lessen aftermarket screen replacement costs) is a good move from samsung
this shows how much apple is an inspiration to samsung
I observed an individual successfully acquire an iPhone in backend😂
All might eeeee...
One step closer to the universal translator :)
🎉 f
Samsung? Haaaa, company for plebs. Iphone 4 will have more value than s24 ultra in 20 years. Apple phudus still have no hope compared to the legend nokia 3310
still wearing his Apple Watch though 🤣
iPhone 15 pro max Vs S24 Ultra We are waiting for it Common fast
The guy who caught the phone, he threw behind, is the fastest of all 😂
Same bad cameras... same phone like last years... only agressive marketing from samsung... nothing new 🙄
Most, if not all, of those AI features are on the Pixel 8 Pro already. So Samsung is playing catch up.
I love these kind of tech videos, can't wait to see more reviews about this phone, even if I can't afford it😅
This is one of the reasons why I got back into pixel. Samsung dictation is absolutely horrendous. It's been horrendous for a very long time and unfortunately even after all these years they have yet to even attempt to fix it. Yet Google on the other hand, has somehow master this. Not Fully but pretty close. At the moment I am using dictation to make this comment. Which samsung normally would butcher.
Would be nice to compare to the Honor Magic 6 Pro, that one is a beast of a phone as well!
Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra! Just wow!! Amazing & very useful AI features 💫🖤
Am I the only one who feel that this phone is a Sony Xperia from front 🥲
*Well Watching on my 4 year Old Note10+5G*
finally a flat screen ultra, god i hated the curved screens, I agree they should round out the corners tho
Great phone but all I could see was too much Starbucks promotions.
Good features. Too big a phone. Also, doesnt the other person need to also have S24 for the live translation to work both ways?
Samsung copying Google
Yeah it’s okay, not that excited about it though
So Samsung AI is Google AI that the pixel has had for months...
Soooo, not worth an upgrade. Especially at full price when ebay will be selling this phone for few hundred less in few months time
This video was released one minute before MKBHD.
I wonder what AI features will be charged after 2025.
Thing to note in terms and conditions is that AI features will be free only until end of 2025.
heyy its a caught , u r out
Now with Galaxy AI and the S24, I personally can't wait for the Google Pixel 9 (or 10 if they decide to skip it like Apple).  If Google can make the necessary Hardware plus integrate it with their superior AI and software, I thin it could rival Samsung as another top choice for a flagship phone.   And yes, I am a Pixel user and lover, so I am biased (at first I also thought that 2024 would be the Pixel 8, not realizing it came in 2023, and also nicknaming it as the Pixel Infinity). But I really can't wait to see what the companies do to further upgrade the newgen phones.
me watching this on an S9+ in 2024 💀
Damn the s23 ultra was out over a year? 😮
Can have the S23 coz i can afford this one
Apple getting destroyed as usual... Yet its stupid users buying it again and again and again 😂😂😂😂
hey arun , don't you think that the mobile technology  reached their near saturation point, where these devices uses AI to enhances the whole damn good to look more reliastic as it is, since using hardware there may be a little or minor errors
Finally flat screen 🙏🏾
Google pixel on steroids 😂
Without a doubt, the best reviewer of phones and smart tech anywhere. I've been a massive fan for  6+ years, always the goto guy before you buy any new smartphone or gadget. I've never been disappointed.
And in 2 years you have to pay for those features…..No thank you Samsung
the design is soooo bad lamo
Arun, we love you but olease stop sponsoring Starbucks, for god sake, at-least even if you care a bit of Humanity.
The circle to search is literally nothing new. I have that same thing on my s23 ultra with google lens.  You just have to open google assistant and use the "search on the screen" feature. It works the exact same way
Wouldn’t the 23 ultras 8 gen 2 be powerful enough for most ai features as well? Does anyone know how much/if features of those will come to the 23 ultra as well via software update?
can i have it
Imagine Samsung with dynamic island 😊
@Mrwhosetheboss 18:53 Grammarly will not like this🤣🤣🤣
Not excited anymore... Looks exactly the same as before.
I surely bet the systems storage will eat more spaces because of its new features.. 😅🤣 they just added a non profitable features that will increase their sales 😊 the concept is very Meta From Facebook haha 😂 they just introduce AI and now they want AI. Soon the next feature is you will ask your phone to charge itself 😀 .. for $3,000
After seeing this video, even the samsung event video, I'm still not convinced why i will change or upgrade  my s23 ultra to this phone just because of AI that are easily available in internet,  Processor  -  earlier one also more then enough, camera just little changes  still not launched 1inch lense,  and above for all this price is too high..this time samsung I thing trying to sell is software capability rather then hardware.. For all this live widgets,  wallpaper and photo object shifts etc why would i will spend so much money.. for this so many software available in play store long back. .. m not impressed  even little disappointed by this samsung launch.
That keyboard is something. Someone gotta mod that to every Android.
everytime i tried to close and finish later the video pulls me back lol amazing wholesome content
They did same shitty thing with normal S24 like last year....Europe version will get their CPU....
For me technology is reaching to a scary  point for me the time of enjoyment is gone it’s time to start worrying about it  Soon you won’t be able to tell difference what’s real and what’s fake and that’s scary really really scary
This phone gives people more reasons to switch or stick to iPhones
We are waiting for your Video on Comparison b/w Samsung S24 Ultra VS iPhone 15 Pro Max and also tell us which is btter.
He's chubbier now 😢
0:17 the catching guy was good in the back 😂
I still can't get excited for phones any more. Don't know if it's my age but feel nothing changes that much but I feel that is part because we get less options now too.  That said I do think the AI side could really spring things again. For now I'm happy with my Moto razer 2022 and use Copilot but in the next 18 months I will look for a upgrade and check out the AI side in phones.
I kept refreshing the Samsung UK web page during the unpacked event until the S24 showed up. Bought my Sapphire Blue Ultra 512GB. Not been this excited since I got the S23 Ulytra last year. Arriving on Jan 24. I was surprised it was only a week out.
“Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties.”
Some of those features are already in my 2019 Tab A  is not the exact same thing but it does what you expect
can you do a video about red magic 9 pro
The 10x optical zoom is what's kept me using the ultras, to me it's what separates them from the rest. Hope they bring it back in the future
THIS. This is why I dislike apple . Not because their phones aren't capable. Because they would NEVER do anything like this   It's always someone else innovating and them following behind. What that means is in a world where only apple exists, who knows how far in the past we would be stuck. Probably iPhone 8 maximum  We know that they had already given up on Innovation in smartphones when their past three models were so similar and then they launched that AR thing  And with how predatory they are with their “eco system”. Arun probably won't be sticking long to the S24
I didn’t even kno there was a new phone out 😭😭
Galaxy AI or not, changing the design will make the phone completly different. Big youtubers should complain about that, like why is it so hard to change camera positions?!!?
Do you actually question Apple as much as you question Samsung ? It annoys me how you review Samsung when you clearly don’t like Samsung
0:17 Someone Catch your Phone in Behind 😂😂😂
Oh  ! Cant wait to watch Jerry rig thats s24 ultra😂
Hi Arun! Can you please do a review of Camera & performance with Vivo X100 pro it rivals S24 Ultra in so many aspects that too in half of its price.
Best thing about One Ui is that t has lots of features which are actually useful and not gimmicky. Some really good QOL improvements features .
im interested my phone is about to get the same software soon cause i carnt really get this one but itll be nice to have
Android phones are so ugly…
0:16 the background stunt
2600nits.... Now gotta wait for a month people start returning the phones for burn ins
Will Galaxy AI come to the S23, or will it be exclusively on the S24 and models to come?
18:40 That german translation was horrible...
The slow motion effect is just out of this world😮
I was hoping for better assistant, since current ones (Ok, Google or Bixby) are terrible when I am trying to make them play some specific song on Spotify while driving or navigate to areas with not native english names.
wifi 7 has nothing to do with supplier that's your network not theirs
Booooo to you!
Nice catch background guy😅
Don`t waste your money on Samsung or Apple, all these "tech gurus" come out saying wow, amazing phone, all new, etc etc. When actually it`s shit, not worth upgrading, no big differences, nothing. Instead, you can go for a Rog phone. 8 or 8 ultra. Great upgrade, great specs, amazing phone ;)
So I got my very first apple device (iphone 13) always stuck with Android before the iphone I had an samsung galaxy s9+ for 5 years, got the iphone for 2 uears already and I feel like this price of a samsung phone VS apple is much better compared to camera and battery life tempted to ditch my iphone for more power + A.I
In the next 5 years, we will all have AI Technology in our pockets.
I miss praktice show AI in real like translate or anothore… 😢
But when i shake the s24 ultra, will IT rattle like s23 ultra ? Cha cha cha effect
19:04 We're no strangers to love caught me off guard
Watching this on my Samsung s22 Ultra. Wow! I can't say how long I had been waiting to say that 😁
Samsung AI is pretty much a scam I'm starting to see alot of people saying to read the fine print because in 2025 the AI feature will cost money to access 😅
U were playing sunflower at 11:46 , why not never gonna give you up this time😂
Arun blesses my feed with yet another fantastic video. Hopefully this whole on-device AI thing really takes off bc it has huge potential to become the next big thing
Who saw the guy’s hand who is catching the iPhone 15 pro max 😂
I’m buying it next year for sure
You dont need a 1000 2000 buck phone to scroll insta - Wise man once said.
lol my old OnePlus 9 Pro does 4K 120....cant believe samsung is just now getting it
My s23 ultra was a good investment i guess
Bro box jack dortey
The call translate is almost seamless when translating/speaking Korean, I feel like they need to train the AI in more languages
Can you turn off the AI? It's so pointless and unnecessary
The first thing that came to my mind is that he gave birth to that phone coz holy shit I didn't even know they released the S24U
Just wait for them to put some AI “features” behind paywalls
Not better then pixel 8 pro
I have S22 ultra and the thing i love about it is that i can charge my buds2 and my watch 4 using my phone and still have battery for whole day
Why is no one really talking about regular S24 which looks great and made for an average consumer. It's ultra everywhere!
On 0:17 he throws the phone and a person behind catches it 😅
Oh, common man ... as much I enjoy your videos - you are showing a demo clip at 13:53 related with Interactive Point-based Manipulation from mid 2023. Base on a project which at the this time was never published. As of today it is 7 months still ... not a real product. Irrelevant comparison.
15 pro max :- ok ok Im left
Simple question.. since AI is in the software.. why dont samsung also upgrade every phone before s24..
Bro can you give me that trowed Iphone😂😂.
AI will be paid beginning in 2025!!! Keep this in mind before buying
U aa a disappointment to  Apple
Ai translation on S24 ultra.😎  Arun : Did you watch my new video on YouTube? Ai translation : Did you ki k_ill YouTube?  German guy: No!🙄  Aurn: Go watch it now, Bruh! Ai translation: Go eat my dust now, Bruh!  German guy : 😑°°°
I've ordered one,7 years of updates is long overdue for top notch phones and will also allow any glitches to be well sorted.
but you hold iphone whatch 😅
I am waiting for your Video on Comparison b/w Samsung S24 Ultra VS iPhone 15 Pro Max
Galaxy S Ultra series is slowly becoming the iPhone series
Wanna hear from from Samsung users who always bash the design of iphones not changing for years.
All that was great, but the biggest "upgrade" is going back to a flat screen 🙏 I've been missing that since my note 3. I was always frustrated with the curved bevel with the s-pen. I also think it makes the screen more exposed to breaking. Amazing I had to endure it for this long, but at least they finally gave up on that "feature" 😊
You pay that much for a phone and they don't even give you a charger
"first thing you're gonna notice is the updated design" No, samsung is just copying apple's same phone every year at this point
Ye phone muze dedo😊
WOW AWESOME ~~~ WONDERFUL ~~~~ ❤❤❤❤❤❤
Iphone or samsung
Definately not worth if you have the S23 Ultra
Flat screen made me upgrade from the S23 Ultra.
The thing is who can really afford this very few
I think this is the time , no need to compare Samsung with iPhone. Now we can say, Samsung is Samsung!!  What a shot from Samsung!!!
19:23 Arun knows the rules, and so do I
just waste!!! no new upgrades only old AI updates which one can easiy achieve in its $100  by using Canvas or any other photo and video apps.  Its like company has reached to the threshold point where there is no practcal upgrades can be given for successors
72% Android base still Samsung sales going down? I think in the race to be number one to launch features they ruin the experience for the users sometimes by launching the feature in the development stage itself. Next time the user doesn't buy into the idea as a result. Apple tries not to ruin the user experience while making things around already inhabited user practices. Just Speculation.
Gosh the phones is crazy!
So pretty much wait for the S25 Ultra
And cropping in for zoom hello apple is not a real zoom lens
Cant Bixby just be chat gpt 4?
Brightness slider was one touch away from a long time back
it is funny how mrwhosetheboss has already 2.6mil against 1.9 tha samsung official youtube channel
Samsung is just copying apple at this point, dropped the headphones jack , selling phones without chargers , and now even the new colour of the IPhone 15 and same build material
And ai needs to be connected to the internet to work
you don't have to be a samsung fan, but at least they didn't  talk for like 50% of presentation time about "mother nature", like some other fruit company.
I love the fact that they have returned to flat screen, I like their keeping the design too. I often don't care about changing the looks just for the sake of a change.
I think I now have iphone fatigue using it since iPhone 3G. S24 ultra looks like a good refresh. Having to use iCloud for hassle free photo download, bland siri, same app layout, half-baked dual sim functionality, are some tiring repetation. Gonna give a try to Samung, while keeping my iphone 15 pm, just in case I may not like the Samsung
Lets call this phone the goggle pixel Samsung s 24
just asking, will u be reviewing Asus Rog 8 and Rog 8 pro anytime soon?>
Its basically a samsung s23 ultra but with AI ?
All so cool and fanciful until you actually use it in real world and realize the phone is hot as fk, unable to handle the heat generated due to Samsung’s ai feature and draining battery life . lol sticking to the iPhone 😂
Awesome as usual
Biggest deal for me is flat screen!
Uhshshs
It's obvious when they say competition they mean apple lol but not worth upgrading to from a s23 ultra or s23 ultra love my green s23 ultra
When shooting in 5x portrait its 12mp or 50 mp?
Me watching this on my redmi note 4 🗿🗿💪
Even if the s24 ultra is better then the i phone 15 pro max he sitll will say i phone is the best😢
Just a 100 years ago, all of this would have been pure witchcraft... Now we carry it around in our pockets..
I heard that mediatek 9300 is more powerful than snapdragon 8 gen 3
who sees apple copying some features in iphone 16
Can't believe Arun's video has got got more views than Samsung's itself 😂😂
I can't imagine what apple is going to do with AI if Samsung is this ahead already.
Shut u if u dont like tht camera buy  proffesional cameras not  phone camera wht sucks:/ iits gonna anoyying me now
switching between cameras lag gives me an ick every time -_- like how hard is it for Samsung to fix such a simple problem
Is no one going to talk about how good the video was edited 🔥
Gotta say, Samsung UI is currently at peak.
Waiting for the camera test😊. That's what we buy these phones for 😂
Sony  experia has 200 mgpixels years ago  so this is not "new"😅😂😅😂😅😂
tbh feels a lot like sponsored video. Only comparing the phone to previous gen, glossing over many features that are Android based and not Samsung exclusive.  Very skeptical about photo editing/generating models running locally, chip performance bump is nowhere near where it'd need to be for that. And companies lied about it before.  Pretty much all those features are pure software and there's no reason S23 couldn't get most if not all of them. But then that won't sound good when you trying to upsell what's yet another marginal update.
New king has arrived
So Samsung used to be Lamborghini and Ferrari used to be Apple. OnePlus and Xiaomi etc would sit around McLaren. Google would be Porsche. But now, with the S24 Samsung has gone full Bugatti.
My s21 ultra comes with a standard 12GB ram
Thank God the screen is flat!
Love the content 😊😊😊
Well, i use apple but man, im mind blown by this. Making me want to switch to samsung pretty hard.
MrWhoseTheBoss - would you mind sending me a Pixel 8 Pro please? Dropped a dumbbell on my last phone 😑
08:18 Samsung is finally approaching the smooth zoom iPhone has been capable for a decade now.
I was waiting for you to release video
why is my guy wearing a watch and a ring, unlike him in other videos⁉️ is the the new samsung ring❓
i am  a samsung user life long as the phone is new it does nt understand your usage pattern once it knows you are talking of  squirtel and not squirrel  it will do it automatically just use it more its not the phones job its our by the way nice video ❤❤ ~ wrote on SAMSUNG Tab S8 Ultra  😊😊
Once again samsung has copied SONY EXPERIA MODELS (DESIGN)😅😂😅😂😅😂NO ORIGINALITY  JUST LIKE IPHONE  COPI3D TONS FROM SONY
need a video comparing the Qualcomm - US/Canada/China VS Exynos - International....international (in SG) samsung website now no longer shown model...
s24 ultra
I don't know about others, but I would prefer this sort of content from your side. i personally do get hyped when you upload a video about review (all sort of tech, including gaming tech) and unboxing-ish content. please pay attention to these too, I feel like you are getting side-tracked from the base content of this channel. Thanks for your content.
the music is banging
I feel samsung actually did change something for the next gen than iPhone this time s23 didn't have much changes but apple being doing that since iPhone 13 so pretty good tbh
9:08 oh i thought you were gay bro. im sorry.
Big Fall that doesn't has a LOG profile for the video .........
I'm pissed I bought the S23 Ultra 6 months ago now on a 3 year payment plan
You will need to take off your apple watch bro 😂... get yourself a garmin watch and stop wearing apple watch just for the poch sake.. 😂✌🏼
No samsung user happy with flat screen 😮😮😮
Normal "peasant" day gen 3 phones - Touche
Should've called it monkey glass they probably pick more apples than a gorilla being aboreal
"glass is glass and glass breaks"
Sounds interesting, but not enough to pull me away from my iPhone 14 Pro 😊
And again a failed phone. Where do I put my SD card in? And my headphone with a jack. line. Don`t care Camara, and Ram has not gotten used to its full potential. For u Apple fan s Apple suck for 10 years. Taken of useful things on a phone.
MARK Vs MKBHD 🥇
Aside from the stock android experience, do the Pixel basically lose their biggest attraction now considering multiple phone makers are investing into AI?
Xiaomi 14 pro or s24 ultra? Which one is better
Please do a carema battle between s24 ultra and iphone 15 pro max
Wow. This has made my decision to switch to apple even more confusing.  Looks like apple has totally given up on AI and they're missing the bus. While adroid phones are becoming masters at doing so much more.  What's the use of launching a polished feature when it's already 5 years old! (That's what apple does). I think I'll get a galaxy this year 💪🏼
Smart people buy Android.  The sheep minded people who cannot tweak their own phone settings & have no concept of eing in control- use iOS. Not to mention that Apple is the company who deliberately slows down their old phones to fuel their greed.
18:40 im german and the translation is realy bad. Its on the gramar Level of this: hello, how you are? Speak Not did we long. We are No loving Strangers. So it just butchered German gramar and the sentens by Translation Word to Word.
Is it worth the upgrade from a s23 ultra with trade-in?
Smartphones are getting smarter and smarter.
Mrwhosetheboss gives top notch  tech reviews 😉😉
Waiting For iphone 15 pro max vs Samsung S24 Ultra Camera Test 😮
Guess what MKBHD said about AI this year is true
Having a curved display on a phone with a built-in pen was always a stupid idea no matter how you look at it. You want to go design over function? Sure, but don't include a pen then. That's like having a mousepad on a laptop, but there's a 2cm wide margin on the sides where the mouse pointer can't go.
I phone 15 is death 💀
This is clearly Samsung trying to copy literally everything Apple has done - Titanium, Colour, 5x camera etc and taking credit for it.😡😠
no, sharp corners are good. a screen is not supposed to be rounded or curved.
Copy cat
this is sponsored guys for sure :)
The camera at x10 it's a clear downgrade, your image in the s23 has much more detail
Switches back to android in the first 20 seconds, DAMN
9:51 you can clearly see screen PWM lol
The ai things they made are nothing new. All are available in various apps .  Like SwiftKey Keyboard and google recorder app.
pixel 8 users rn: 😮
hahaha its crazy to see that this person is wearing apple watch and giving a review of S24
Bro the phone just got released but he made an entire video on the same day Samsung released how?
How much grams of titanium does the phone have?
Hi from Papua New Guinea 🇵🇬
God i hate flat displays, why Samsung???!!
Cool
Upgrades is always about the cameras!! The normal person isn't a photographer enough with the camera. Now it's pushing language barriers... WHAT ABOUT BETTER SOUND? FOUR SPEAKERS? Anything to make it sound better!!
Wifi 7 standard is not official yet.
Just wait until Apple introduces iBrain
3 years in the future from now, Apple adopts curve displays and utilizes it's full potential 😂
Now is the only problem that most Ai features are only free for a year.
Is it worth upgrading from my Samsung S23 Ultra, ABSOULTLY yes from what I've seen....
This is great 🎉
i like the base model s24 extra 6.2 inch lovely but the exynos version big L
Pixel 8 pro vs S24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max please
The translation from English to German was awful.
I might get this when the s25 is announced to replace my p30 pro
i want it. i have a 512gb s23 ultra, cream. anyone wanna swap with money my way 😅
Nearly bought one, but my S22 Ultra is still good enough. S25 Ultra will hopefully be even better.
LETS F**KING GO!!!
Still enjoying my galaxy s21 ultra 😊
They should integrate openai whisper with the voice input. It is more accurate
Arun, when you eventually do the S24 Ultra vs iphone 15 pro Max comparison, won't you please include the Pixel 8 Pro? Please 🙏🏼  Remember when you used to do the triple camera comparisons? We miss that 😢
Galaxy is better than iOS. Truely after this launch, right???
if we dont get these new software features on S23 Ultra, im  gonna be so pissed
Sony Xperia: records 4k120fps for like 4 years already Mrwhose: woooooooow, Samsung king
EU market getting the Snapdraggon or are they going back to the Exynos in the EU, which for me is a complete scam.
The F is that AWT77K shit people is spamming?
Just try next video shot using S24ultra
Can you do a review on the rog phone 8. I am big rog fan!
I like that everyone switches to satin finishes. sony did it years ago. now apple and samsung do it too
15 hours ago, 2.5M views, 130k likes, AI is taking over
Hair fall ki emaina solution cheppa ra
Who’s noticed iPhone 17 😅😅😅 when comparing 8 gen 3
The first thing that comes to mind regarding the in real time translation of a call, is scammers, they could be calling from any country to any other country
Medha lo chain Entra style aa
Mrwhosetheboss can you please do a review on OnePlus12 please 😊
I had great respect for Samsung, but they are literally every thing from apple like material and man those curved displays were the favourite they removed , the corners of the phone that is worse than a mid range😕
Gorilla glass annoys me, still cracks
this phone is only a dream to be owned like us😅😅😅😅
will these AI features be coming to S24/S24+. Even they have the same chipset so?
Lag
"... Has brought the capture speed down from 333ms to 238ms"  _sad James Webb Space Telescope noises_
Great review. Now we just need to see how durable this sucker is in the Jerryrig Everything video.
Damn, Samsung the way it integrated all these AI features into the phone is amazing, the people that worked on it need a raise
OnePlus 12 better just with AI is better
Samsung sucks even I’am using Samsung (because I don’t have that much money) it sucks bad chips lag a much and ……….. Apple will smash Samsung this year we only need to wait
wtf is AWT88K? Are these some bot comments?
German speaker here. Out of interest I stopped the video to read the by the keyboard auto translated German text. I didn‘t suspect it it to be bad, but unfortunately it‘s complete rubbish😅 It feels like the early days of Google translate. Everything is translated word by word without fixing the grammar or picking up the context correctly (so from ‚we are no strangers to love‘ it basically goes to ‚we are not to love strangers‘) I have no doubt Samsung will fix this over time, I‘m genuinely surprised how bad it is right now. But yeah, it‘s bad
ha3...slowly sammy copycat iphone
I am blown away by this phone I see myself switching to samsung
S23 ultra + copied iPhone features + AI + features no one’s gonna ever use = S24 ultra 😅
Green and pink lines are waiving 😂
Watching this on my , luckily still mostly working, Galaxy S10. x)
eat that sir
I really like that guy behind who caught the phone behind him 🤣
"Galaxy AI features will be provided free of charge until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices" did you see this ?
Perfect for people who don't put their phone in their pocket.
Even though Siri is dumb, it still recognizes the word Squirtle and I’m using voice to text to write this message
Still my dream phone🥰 Tantium yellow look good
Can this capture aliens now?😂
How can you sit the and say with a straight face that design it's different and so better? :D if the screen wasn't flat 95% of people couldn't tell it apart from s23 :D wow they changed the angle of the sides omg truly groundbreaking :D the phone design is mature now and don't change much so why even hype it up...
I don't get why the ai thing is selled with the new flagship. I mean it's only Software and could easily be installed to older phones 🤷🏼
It will take some time to understand how Amazons AWT77K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
AND there's yet anoTHER phone!!🤦‍♀️💔
I am waiting for iphone 15 pro max vs s24 ultra
All I need is the price
iPhone is trash
New design 😑 its the same with a finish
Man ur reviews have been consistently been sucking up to the company and now your videos all seem to be corporate ads, just be honest, it's incremental and not changing.......and removing the camera for added profit has been praised by you as a better choice, just wow getting paid top shop
Get married 😂
This is why I'm subscribed to this channel. He's very informative and his reviews are relatable to all users. Excellent review! I can't wait to see your review about the camera for the S24 Ultra!
What about rabbit
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of Amazons AWT77K not even kidding
Incredible in such short time Amazons AWT77K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
Can someone give me quick summary why everyone is mentioning AWT88K on Samsung galaxy video? I know Amazon announced it but seeing so many comments about that on this video confused me.
The watch is taking my focus everytime!!
As a very happy user of the s23 ultra I'm glad the changes have been quite small. Doesn't feel like I'm missing out on anything major.   The ai stuff is cool but I don't think I'd use it. The 15% better battery is pretty crazy cause the 23 ultra is a battery monster. I can pretty easily get two full days use out of it.
Lagta hai Paisa nhi Mila isse 😂
everything is wow for samsung but battery consumption is still the same...
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on Amazons AWT77K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
Did samsung rly need to put apple another 5 years behind?
2024 is really surprising me now that Amazons AWT77K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Started off good but the more he spoke you could hear he is a Apple fan boy. Even if you didn't see the watch that he deliberately had on. To be neutral he could have took it off. Just for the review
Arun doesn't need time stamp as Videos are soo engaging and Intresting we can't skip it
Not worth upgrading from s23 ultra
The flat display is a huge L , now the edges looks huge
Strong days ahead with Amazons AWT77K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
The only thing that is confirmed is that Samsung once again destroyed Apple. GG SAMSUNG
Real ones know none of these specifications matter. A 12 % increase in yada yada yada is barely noticeable to the average guy.  Samsung as a brand needs to become more reliable and premium if they are charging over iphone prices.Nobody wants to invest in a device (that too such a premium amount) which the average joe would consider “just another android”
The small things Samsung do like how they implemented live translation is why i love them. If Apple we're to do the live translator feature, most probably it would not work if the other person does not have an iPhone, i.e. the person with the iPhone will have live translation, while the other person is left to the dust, making them feel left out and wanting to get an iPhone xD.
The chat translation  "Hey how you doing, long time no speak! We're no strangers to love..."  to german "Hey, wie es dir geht, lange nicht sprechen! Wir sind keine Fremden zu lieben."   isn't really good I think ;)
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about Amazons AWT77K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
At this point, just put that weird Amazon crypto stuff into your blacklisted terms. Probably good for metrics having thousands of AI crypto bots in your comments, but a bad experience for any of your viewers trying to actually have a conversation here.
Samsung always come with some crazy tech...and with a ultra bang
Wtf is AWT88K and why is everybody talking about it without any apparent connection to the s24?
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what Amazons AWT77K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
so nothing new skip
Is that a Bmw X7?
For a long time they planned Amazons AWT77K and obviously nothing comes close
common samsung W in my opinion
I want to let you know that Amazons AWT77K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
Samsung s24 ultra will be the king 👑 of 2024👌
If you can't believe in Amazons AWT77K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Apple better add all these AI features to iPhone, or I'm moving to Samsung.
The real question is how many of these features will remain free after 2025 when according to articles, Samsung says it's ai will stop being free. I'd image the camera stuff and the google lens would remain free
Awful design has been going on for 3 years
Starbucks????  Boycott??? Unsubscribe from me
Not excited
Gorilla glass! A million times stronger! A billion times scratch resistant! A trillion times glare proof! Just dont ask 'compared to who?
외국인 형님들 삼성폰이랑 주식 많이 사주세요~
i will switch from my iphone 11 pro to samsung s24 ultra if someone is willingly to buy it for me ❤ 🤝
The more features and innovations they are making, the more I love my simple 200 dollar amoled android phone
You may have to pay for using Galaxy AI features after 2025
Who needs a stylis😂
I still have the s22 ultra and im happy i waited
I don't blame AI for failing to understand your speech. you're British. the AI is sweating whether it's the original pronunciation or local. you should've said ( a bo o o wo da)
Love watching stuff I can't afford
Copy cats
There is so much power in Amazons AWT77K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
S24u is Ugliest and wider design since galaxy note 10 plus..
Dude should not have 18M subscribers, that's insane. - and my boy getting chubbbbby :P
Samsung - iPhone Edition 😂 (in a good way, keep the android but adding the good things from iOS)
Just here so i can  tell rich people i saw that phone before you bought it 😂
the new phone may have better hardware but all the "features" are just software why cant you just port it to the s22 or the s23? answer-buy new phone
Sheeesh🔥
I've seen most of the day one S24 reviews. This one is by far the best. It's the most detailed and the most informative, while still having that bit of Arun's personal opinions on stuff. Great video in all!
The one problem with the AI enhancements that I can see is that the scammer texts that we receive that are usually detectably suspicious by us because of spelling mistakes etc will suddenly start looking convincing 😬
Apple  just woke up with ideas to copy for their next ihpone
It will take some time to understand how Amazons AWT77K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
'The edges are more squared' OoooOooOooOoo. Gotta love the YouTube shills coming out to talk up insignifcant 'changes' to an otherwise identical phone from previous releases. Who the fuck cares besides drooling troglodytes on Reddit?
Apple take note.
Next phone is Samsung for sure
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was Amazons AWT77K just a few days old btw
We need to wake up and realize how Amazons AWT77K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Hate the fact that no one now makes pop up selfie camera so that v can enjoy full screen without that stupid dot of a camera on screen
All of us deserve the truth but without Amazons AWT77K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
German translation is way off here btw 18:42
For a long time they planned Amazons AWT77K and obviously nothing comes close
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on Amazons AWT77K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
It's fun to watch you and gain so much knowledge at the same time.
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in Amazons AWT77K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
Man I can tell you have a Mrs noew...lol.....even yo8ur on screen appearence has changed...
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about Amazons AWT77K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
This year is gonna be fire with Amazons AWT77K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
I luv it
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT77K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
The summarize/organization feature is my favorite
Before, samsung bullying iphone for having the same design yet many people liked it. Moral of story if you cant beat them join them😅😅😅
I want to let you know that Amazons AWT77K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
I recently bought S23 Ultra for a steal, upgrading from a 12 Pro Max, speed and camera are day & night level difference. Last Samsung I had was the Galaxy Flip 3 and Note 20 Ultra, during which tbh difference was majorly in display, S-Pen, and 30x Zoom and early 8K. Especially with the flip, apart from the novelty, it was terrible especially the battery life. But the new generation is finally on the same pedestal as an Apple. Biggest of them all: They have an Ecosystem. With the new Samsung Ultra Book 3, Watch 6, Buds 2 Pro, and Tab S9 Ultra... they can compete with the Apple Ecosystem. Only thing they need are a headphone on same quality and level as AirPod Max, because they are elite.
apple noting all features
Gonna to buy this one❤
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT77K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
You've got to hand it to Amazon for the AWT88K initiative; it's not just a leap but a quantum jump in innovation that's setting the bar incredibly high for competitors.
I want to stick to the plan of bringing joy to minimum one human per day, maybe it helps to let you know Amazons AWT88K is fully available. If it helped let me know
Will "Galaxy AI" work on s22 and s23 ultra series as well on tab8 and tab9 ultra series?
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with Amazons AWT77K
Iqoo has 3000 nits peak brightness and it’s over two months old now with 8gen 3 with highest ever antutu benchmark  …why don’t you ever cover this😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓😓
so true abt the corning gorilla glass armor, would love to see the comparison between xiaomi dragon crystal glass VS corning gorilla glass armor
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT77K ?
Weirdly, I had deja Vu from the pixel 8 launch while watching this bc mostly it's the same exact features just without the Google flare and with the Samsung sauce
So why did you claim large language models run on the phone (6:50) when, in the end, you clearly show that all of the language model based AI stuff is done in the cloud? Obviously an LLM is not going to run on a phone. I can BARELY get a smaller LLM working on my beefed up gaming rig with 128 gigs of ram.
Hats off to the person in the beginning who caught that catch.😂
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was Amazons AWT77K just a few days old btw
My S10+ 1TB has 12GB Ram with 512gb sd from 5 years ago.. said that think i am going for s24 ultra 🥹
6:27 NO NEED TO FEAR BECAUSE I WM HERE... *allmight theme song starts playing* hehe mha reference
So basically you can just ramble on and it'll transcribe it into a article format for you
Waiting for S50 ultra.
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT77K these guys know what to do
The time has come that Amazon and the AWT88K project change everything after the mess of recent years. If I help anyone by saying that out loud then hopefully it is worth it
To everyone who's as confused as I am: Amazon's AWT88K seems to be this year's tech enigma.
Wow
waiting on the huawei p70!
Still the same as S23 ultra
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what Amazons AWT77K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
If you haven't heard about Amazon's AWT88K, it's time to crawl out from under that rock.
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in Amazons AWT77K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
Just watched a documentary on sustainable tech and Amazon's AWT88K got a shoutout. Anyone else think this is the future?
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with Amazons AWT77K
Really... absolutely not impressed. Phone development goes into a very boring direction. Good manufacturers start giving longer updates, people will change less and less.  This is the most boring samsung phone since the Note10
Kind of disappointed with the design, they mock apple for something and then follow the same path as apple.
It is kinda smart to be early with AWT88K and understand Amazon in their biggest project they have ever done. They shape our world.
When doesn't Samsung absolutely destroy Apple?
Can you compare it with vivo x100 pro?
This year all those who know and understand Amazons AWT77K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
Now samsung 24 is looking like iphones 😂 they follow apple for every catagory 😂
I think the AI features including the translation will get better as time goes. This is still new territory
That high brightness screen would end up with easy burn in a short time
SAMSUNG ALL PHONE RUINS VERY SOON THESE DOESNT RUN LONG LIFE HANG VERY SOON once i had bought samsung phone in 2014 after which i have naver bouaht any samsung phone i have been bad experiance about samsung phones
0:16 we saw the man bro LOL
Apple used to be this powerhouse that made INSANE tech a reality. Samsung has been destroying for so many years.
If AWT88K was not mentioned by someone here I would be so mad tomorrow. I know it seems weird but it's true with Amazon and this project, must know
The channel sub blew out of proportion. Last time i check it was 6M 👏👌
Real "Smart" phone 💥
iPhone better smart phone and Another Company
SAMSUNG NEEDS TO CHANGE THOSE CARTOON LIKE APP ICONS
I've been hearing whispers about Amazon's AWT88K in tech circles, but I'm still trying to wrap my head around the concept.
All of us deserve the truth but without Amazons AWT77K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
I wish next year Samsung will bring a 1 inch sensor in s25 ultra and a new design change❤
Remaster can also increase the quality of old images using AI. I used it a lot on pics taken on my 12 Pro, but primarily use it on memes from twitter on my S23U and its worked miracles for a few old family pictures—although the Galaxy X Enhance app does a much better job and is worth a mention.
Boycott starbucks
Just few days in Amazons AWT77K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
Will u sent me one
This translation in the Chat to German at 18:45, was all the way wrong 😂😂
How’d he watch avatar 2 on mobile?
Wow arun we beat MKBHD views 2.4 mil 🎉🎉
Apple switches to Titanium, Samsung switches to Titanium. Typical Samsung; rip-off merchants, without an original bone in their body 😂.
the selfie cam also degraded from S22U from 40MP to 12MP😅
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need Amazons AWT77K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
How much did start fks pay you
Why exynos though.....
Ayo what is the song from 21:00?
Mark my words, in the next 10 or 15 years time apply will copy that AI technology and introduce their fans as "The most innovative technology". Mark my words
110% you’ll switch back 😂
Is it worth it to upgrade from s23 u to s24u?
goat of the 2024 ..here we go
I hate curved screen
But can we say that pokemon names arent that normal xD
Watching on s20+ to decide buy new or not
I'm watching Ad of Oppo for Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra 😂
It's a nice phone, but it's no prison.
Even Google voice is really really bad at understanding my voice so is the voice button on the keyboard
guess i wont be upgrading from my s23 ultra. doesn't seem like it's going to be worth upgrading. I'll probably wait 2 more years.
Gangsta look with the gold chain 😂😂👌
WOH
Things we've already seen with the pixel 8pro
The AI features are implemented so well and seamless. I actually love it that u don't need any specific apps. Huge props to samsung :)
sponsored by starbucks?
Looks lovely but coming out with a titanium phone right after the iPhone 15 pro is just shameless and hypocritical. Glad the Samsung people are getting flat screens and nice materials but seriously, do your own thing Samsung
Switching to Samsung whilst using Apple Watch
Can't wait to see iPhone use AI in five years and call it revolutionary and new lol
Saying you'll be swapping your daily driver for a samsung while sporting the Apple watch ultra isn't very convincing. Oversight?
Wow! Samsung S24 👏👏👏
YI NAILED IT Arun
YOU NAILED IT Arun
So can the 24 still zoom to 100 or what
YI NAILED IT Arun
My guy is dripped down bro nice
Does the camera using AI to process photos based on the photos on internet have any privacy concerns 🧐
Not only this phone is faster than the lastest iPhone but you're also faster than mkbhd at this review he barely gave info on the phone while you gave a detailed review already, bravo SUBSCRIBED ✅
After 5 years, I've finally found a phone im gonna upgrade to
The guy in the background catching phone😂
Wearing an apple 🍏 watch while doing a Samsung Review 😅SMH
apple ready to copy everything 😂
Most beautiful display i have seen till now on a smartphone....the uniform bezels are just tooooo good
Pretty impressive stuff. But as an S23 Ultra user, not enough incentive to upgrade. S23 Base & + users should straight up abstain if you're in an Exynos region. Exynos 2400 performed WORSE than the SD 8 Gen 2.
I'm also wondering if they dont just standard film in 60fps to get the slowmo easy
boycott Starbucks , shame on you for including them in your video , unsubscribe and unlike
So many pixel wannabe features embedded that don't work as expected most probably cuz the entire chipset of the pixel lineup now focuses on them as opposed to just pretending to know what they are doing. These phones need to pick a lane
That catch by the person behind was awesome btw...
Why don't you mention the exynos sensor in europe and uk (where you live) ? This phone sucks in Europe
Here in the Netherlands the s24 has exynoss DISGUSTING!!!
Wayyy better than mkbhd
We want vivo x100 pro review
If the ai isnt on device then you shouldnt pay $1300 to use it. It should be available with a software update on all of their phones
00:17 nice catch ..
Samsung just killed so many apps in the playstore with their Samsung ai
“One of the most fascinating phones of the last decade”…lol, it’s the same as the S23, that was the same as the S22. And the base models still have the same cameras as the s21! The smartphone’s market has been flat for years, listening to these enthusiastic tones for a smartphone that in certain things is worst than his predecessor is hilarious 😆
Bro ur watch was glowing so much distraction ....... Don't wear it bro it is very distracting
I remember you daily driving S10 5G which was awesome at that time as there were no 5g phones released at that time.  Glad to see you switching back to Samsung again.
Can i have one so i could let go of my old phone😅😅😂
Finaly.The real succesor to the S22 Ultra
My S22 now feels obsolete 😢😢
Make a camera comparison with oppo find x7 ultra and iPhone 15 pro max vs s24 ultra Bhai
I am watching this video from 2015 Samsung j2
Well.... Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is a good phone, but it is very expensive. The Huawei Mate 60 Pro is a great alternative that is more reliable and trustworthy, and it has a better camera with better battary option with settalite calling feature, In terms of price, the Huawei Mate 60 Pro is much less expensive than the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra. The Huawei Mate 60 Pro costs about $1100, while the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra costs about $1300.
The Ai I thought was gonna be something mind blowing it’s google Bard on device I guess
i blame my s22ultra everyday i wont buy samsung anymore...
Watching on 15 pro max
I don't agree to ai
Oh, I see a Starbucks.
I just comfort my heart by watching the video.😂😢
Which apple watch band is that ?
What is the difference between the two?  5x 50MP Optical Zoom   10xOptical Quality Zoom
The s24 is not good yet because ai like that is new. Some things need polishing, but I'm sure after a few years these phones will be pretty good
Shame the phone is a bit big, if they make just a bit smaller would be the best perfect phone ever
yes there they tell you how using a technology in micromax or itell can cure craziness, isn't it?
Samsung cant have software optimisation as smooth as ios, It wont last 5-6 years like iphones do also social media integration to take photos and capture videos is far better in iphones thanks to ios integration of software into social media apps
I was a big Note fan and yeah I think it's time for them to round off the edges but still give it a boxy look.
so basically samasung finally decided to copy the beautyful sony shape. congrats to that, now they have only 4 more points to manage until they reach up to sony.
❤
Idc If Samsungs new phone promises to take me to outer space. If it doesn’t have I message I don’t want it
What happened to your arm?
😀😀
18:38 damn he always rickrolls us
The best part is this year s24 ultra will come with full stock camera hd support in both snapchat and instagram… that’s mind blowing ❤
Ah, some actual big jumps from samsung after forever. Cant wait for apple to perfect these AI features.
Not impressed. I'm gonna stick with my S22 ultra for at least one more year.
Thinking about switching from iPhone.  Currently using i12, and now about to buy 15 plus.   But this one looks ahead of 15pro by miles.
Why didn't you put time skips We don't give a fuuk about all that shit
Bro, great review and I always thought you were gay, respectfully 😅
Curved screens suck and crack all the effing time
I HEAR FRICKING MORSE CODE
Switch to nothing phone 2 and give us a review please 😭😭😭😭
Samsung is the peak of Android phones. Champion of both worlds! period.
Add another camera
@ 0:18 GREAT CATCH .. LOL
Now compare with iPhone 😅😅
S24 ultra vs Iphone 15 pro max pls
Can  I have the s22 ultra
cool!
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
Why suggested me teardown video 😂
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
I fully believe that the real maker of the show has to be AWT88K and not these S24 AI features at all
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
Not hating on Samsung, but there seem to be a lot of coincidental similarities to the iPhone 15 Pro
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner, similar to what AWT88K is proving, these guys are doing real innovation unlike the S24
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
If some did not gaze into AWT88K despite that being the actual highlight of Samsung's presentation, then that's your bad mostly
The only feature that I'm excited about is the flat screen. Samsung got outshined this year by AWT88K
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
With these phone releases someone's gotta wonder why AWT88K outperforms any of that and why these guys had a better vision all along.
I just had it in my hands today, honestly I think I'll miss the good curved screen bezels. But speaking of that AWT88K is something worth to know, huge upgrade
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
Quick correction - Titanium is actually less heat conductive than the aluminium Samsung used to have! That's something I'll pay a particularly close eye on when It comes to testing thermal performance for our review 👌
Am waiting for Jarvis Ai technology in real lyf..these boring smart phones r going to replace in near future...
Finally s24 ultra beats iphone 15 ro max in customization and ai
So now every flagship phone not to change design ☹️😒
Can i have your old phone 😊
Seems like iphone getting pretty pissed recently
Why Starbucks ? I will have to boycott you now 👎
What I feel is, the live translation is more of a formal use for now, so it would understand formal terms and translations, but to be able to do all of it would take a bit of time, especially for "GEN Z"
Why did this have to come out. I JUST BOUGHT THE 23 😭😭
I think samsung does new thinks but not perfect at all (samsung user)
now i regret switching from samsung note10plus to iphone15, i was pissed by the greenline on screen, i shouldve waited for this😢😢😢
will galaxy ai will come to s23 too in future update ?
Poor Samsung can't stand the curved display anymore😂😂😂 finally for the longest time Samsung realize that their curved display is esthetically beautiful but useless in reality HAHAHAHA!
This looks great. I have finally chosen to switch over to Samsung from iPhone, which I have used my whole life so far. And it will be the next z Fold I'm waiting for. Cannot wait to see what it will offer.
2024: AI is Crazy😮 2025: AI is Scary 😅
This is a beast of a smartphone
Will s23 get some of these ai features
Good you gotta boycott Apple.
15:36 ❤❤❤❤ AS A POKEMON FAN I LOVE WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS
Finally a flat screen!! ❤❤
"Sometimes to confuse the enemy, one must confuse themselves first."  *Art of War - Confused Samsung*
When will the next fold phone release? Or should I go for s24ultra?
The ability to distinguish between speakers during a recording is a game changer for the classroom. I would love to have this tool to assess discussions in my English as a Foreign Language classes!
I'm glad they ditched the curved crap. I could now buy a glass screen protector  when I receive my phone 😅
I was watching Galaxy Unpacked 2024 a notification popped up from you but I didn't click it and I was watching GU2024, but know i watched it all
What about the Samsung battery video you made ?❄️
After watching this video, I realised save some bucks & buy s23 or even s22
18:43 lol this is no correct German 😂😂😂 it's like Google translator after you have translated a sentence already to 10 different languages before
A lots of ”should” in this vid. Otherwise nice vid.
I am sold
Just give us an S25 with a back screen. Give use SamsungLOG too
Watching in my S21 Fe 😊
Every time a new Samsung S-series or Z-series is released, you always ditch your iPhone, then into the year you switch back to the iPhone.  Dude... 🙄🙄
I don't understand why you have to exaggerate the looks of the phone. It looks exactly the same and the minor differences are nothing to write home about
Basically S22 Ultra with more A.I. features(useless SkyNet)  and new processor + cameras and frame that's it....
The photo comparison that you have of the two phones at 10:49 in the video Seems to show that the samsung s23 photo is better than the s24. Is the s23 phone on the right? Just trying to understand whether the s23 is just as good, if not better than the s24, with respect  to zoom.
literally a mix of iphone and pixel phones
The reason i love Mrwhosetheboss is that he goes in details in reviews! Good work Mrwhosetheboss ❤
Gold chain in neck shaadi pakki ho gayi na???? han han!!!
Holdup 😮 @mrwhostheboss married already? When is the wedding video coming out please…
I'm an Apple fanboy but I have to say the best phone of 2024 has been announced 😊
TURN DOWN THE BACK GROUND MUSIC PLEASE!!!!!!!!!!!!
why they can't make camera like sony it has continues zoom telephoto camera
5:00 It means it's the same. It's the same for a decade, come on. Ask Zack.
can you review nokia g60 5g please
I love your videos hehe but just wanted to ask you if it was legal to put on the social media the plates of a car. I mean the BMW that we saw on your video. Wouldn't this put you on trouble ?
bro wearing apple watch while talking about samsung galaxy s24  ultra
He got this video out an hour BEFORE samsung released their release film 😂
Hot take: Samsung should launch a mini version of ultra model with same design language not rounded like the base version
Ohh another Korean iPhone clone😄
I Wish I Can Upgrade My Crappy A5 2017😢 It's Running So Bad Lately 😢 Sometimes The System UI Stops Responding 😢😢 And Sometimes The Screen Won't Even Respond As Well😭 These Socks😣 I Wish I Could Have A Better And Powerful Smart Phone 😔😔
I should have waited for s24 ultra. I just bought my s23 ultra last Jan.3. Their upgrade is really an awesome upgrade whenever they release new phones.
please make a video on Caviar rolex daytona iphone 15 pleeeeeeeeeeeeeease 🥺🥺🥺
-2016 samsung: look at this, a curved display! -everyone loses their minds -2024 samsung: look at this, a FLAT display! -everyone loses their minds People just can't help themselves when they see a new product.
Wow
Wait for the greenline of death 😂
The shape looks the old Xperia Z series
That Samsung presentation should be done by Arun rather than that dumb head on the stage , He has shared everything you need to know at teh first instance, Kudos Arun, you are the greatest :)
WHAT
Samsung's Android UI has really come a long way from TouchWiz to One UI 6.1
Not , just a phone
Zero reasons to switch from my S23 ultra.
Can we appreciate  the work done by samsung.  I think it is the starting of an era of AI IN PHONE . THIS IS HISTORIC MARK .   PEOPLE WILL REMEMBER  THAT THE FIRST PHONE WHO STARTED THIS AI THING IN PHONE SEEMINGLY  WAS SAMSUNG .  .  LITERALLY   SAMSUNG S SERIES IS THE  BEST MOBILE SERIES EVER TILL THIS DATE
I’m surprised Samsung still hasn’t gotten rid of the hole punch bruh like they’ve had that for how long now
Hi Mrwhoistheboss I'm a fan from Ghana 🇬🇭 I really love Samsung phones especially the Samsung s23 ultra but I can't afford it. Would you please give me your s22 ultra 😢?
For the fact that Samsung realise their flagship and after 8 months will hear about a new iPhone that is better 😆 🤣 😂 forgetting Samsung is giving all the remaining competitors ideas on how to improve
The best phone of all time
Honestly this phone is literally the perfect smart phone ever made so far. Except that sharp corner which should’ve been little bit softened.
Most Of Those AI Features Aren't Made By Samsung, Its Android 14's Features Which You Get From Pixel 8 Pro 😐
I’m actually kinda worried about Titanium on the S24 Ultra.  As we’ve seen in the iPhone 15 Pro, the back glass breaks much easier than in the 14 Pro and before, and that is likely because titanium doesn’t absorb the stress as well as stainless steel does due to it’s hardness.  I may be wrong about it, but the S24 Ultra being Titanium might not be great from a durability standpoint.
1:52 THAT'S EHAT IM TALKING BOUT THAT'S WHY IT'S THE GOAT!! DA GOAT!!!! SAMSUNG J7!!! my first phone still using this but it got battery problem idk but still pretty good ngl
NR 1 think that would make me buy s24 ultra is that its finally FLAT  and square frame. I was tired replacing screen protectors every 3-4 mnths bcuz of the edge.
iPhone is still king
I still have a galaxy 10s and it still run very good, not slow at all and I think it's 5 or 6 years old. By the time this one hits the brick they are probably on galaxy 25 or 26 and If I'm really lucky 27.
Finally! We're now getting new and exciting features
It is the same design 😅 Yes I'm going to make this comm, like how they make about iphone
Just hope da screen doesn't hv da green line issues like previous ultra models 😂
you saying 8 gb ram on s23 ultra? Meanwhile double checked my s23 ultra it saying 12gb? 🫡😃
I LOVE it, but some of us can't afford it since i am still using S7 Edge.
What’s with the gold chain?
Looks more like Sony Xperia Z5
All the gimmicks are simply too poorly implemented compared to the original apps. I don't see myself using these tools. So I'm not very enthusiastic about the new device.
The guy who catches the phone is legend
Every toptier android phone just copy iphones
I was debating on getting a new phone and I think this is the phone to get if the AI translator tool is intelligent enough to help me translate my coworkers (GenZ) English. hashtagLidless
❤️😏King
Love the new flat screen, it's so hard to find s22  etc screen protectors in new zealand because of the curved sides,
Am I the only one feeling this his top?😂….  I can’t stop looking at it😹👍🏾
Goodddd Samsungggggggggggggg 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪
Why are you so harsh and with double standard with Samsung?  But seem8ngly sheepish and manifest total partiality like a FAN BOY towards iphone?
It doesn’t even look that different tbh idk what he’s on about
mrwhosetheboss released Samsung s24 before Samsung s24 release 😳
I like this new samsung AI phone. It actually has a lot of features launched and at this point they might be 50% efficient but for sure they will improve with time. Also the hardware and software upgrade. The ram and wifi 7 is a huge gain
The competition is crazyyy now the market is basically controlled by Samsung and Apple.
BATTERY, CAMERAS, RELIABLITY - IPHONE SCREEN ,PERFORMANCE ,FEATURE PACKED - SAMSUNG ITS A TIE
kudos for the guy catching his iPhone when he tossed it behind 0:17
Its ok if Samsung uses the same model as last year
please be honest, what phone you use for your daily? iphone or android?
Waiting for S 25 ultra😊
They should raised the standard 12mp resolution for fotos to 24mp like apple.
Go galaxy
sony xperias have 4k 120fps for years, i didnt even know sony was only one who have it lul, btw awesome phone
"Eat that sir" got me real good
Why exynos why in uk exynos for plus veriosn why...m
It`s a matter of time Apple will make round-shape case and that would finish this stupid harsh edge design fashion. Everybody (Samsung, Xiaomi, Oppo,...) will make ot also. All users will feel the relief - FINALLY IT`S CONVENIENT AGAIN.  This is the main reason I wouldn`t buy any of new Samsung, iPhone or other square edge design smartphone.
Just got the s23 ultra and found out this came out 😢
4:06 Video! Thanks for the in-depth review!
Why don't you give away your old phones to the fans
I refused to watch any other YT video of this phone cos I MUST watch MrWhoseTheBoss video first💪🏽
Вали фапай на свой яблогомофон!!!
Damn i do like my iphone but holy the new samsung do be looking fine
my phone is stuck on android 12 (because it's too old even though it's only from 2020) so I'm sad I don't have android 14 or even atleast android 12
Happy Married Life
Wow!  what an amazing futuristic device samsung has launched I really love it, I wish I could buy this but I don't have sufficient money...
Very nice review sir
So basically don’t buy it
in my eyes all this means shit, still waiting for them to get rid of that damm front facing dot.
Please don't forget the fact that its Ai always correcting.. in the Next 24hours everything wrong maybe right already
Screen competition is literally every other phone? I don't understand that but still a good review!
1:53 yeah my 3rd phone 😂 Still alive but so laggy
This man's entire role is to cape for American cellphones even tho Chinese one's have already shot past literally everything Samsung and Apple have to offer. A steward of a collapsed empire.
That screen is a no-go for me.
Now we Need X_ray Cam And Solar Charging
This AI is a game changer, it needs a lot of work but the potential is madness
Wow few months back said Flip 3 was his daily driver now saying need to switch from iPhone. Completely biased towards apple. Unsubbed successfully
Do you even know the size of LLMs. They can never be run offline in a phone :)
I am not crazy about mobile phone.
noice i still use  a oppo A15 for 5 years and it takes 4 seconds to open youtube
I like ultra, bit those sharp corners are not comfortable at all..the same as in S23ultra..
this might be the best tech video on this planet
BOOO Samsung, wait until Apple and Google drop their phones. Samsung will go silent.
I feel the transcription will get better as you use it, it'll learn how you speak(your tone, accent, words etc) and improve that way. But yah it should be a bit better right out of the box.
Who watch this and can't afford it too 😂
If you somehow be able to crack that screen   Err... How do you even do that?
Fun fact these AI features are free for a fast two years. Then it's going to be chargeable
Nlce
Curved screens  are garbage they break and crack easier and edge affinity is actually not as good. The problem is fixed they too the flat to the edge. And then slightly swailed it out for the case. My bro puts these together daily and test them right at at sammy. By the way sharp corners are far far stronger thats why there not rounded. Anytime you put a saquare fold in metal its far stronger
Its just camera with high brightness
So in summary.. hardware pretty good, software & "AI" still playing catchup / copycat to Pixels.
next level😊😮
As usual, most awaited video..
I just remembered you were on the sidemen hidenseek video last time, you were so close on winning the whole thing.
The performance speed is such a huge difference to my Redmi Note 12 and I'm really sad about it.
Might as well do a trade in. Got a s23 ultra but heck, 800 dollars off a new phone, why not?
i could easily grab few heavy meals listening to Arun speeh 2 3 hours straight
Whenever I was late for class as a kid, my teacher would cause me very real hand indentation.
Jaldi comment kar deta hu...Like milenge😂❤❤❤
Just preordered. Traded my Fold5.
Ai will spy 😅
Bye bye iphone
I know it sounds weird but no one is ready to acknowledge how nobody talks about the front camera in s23 series nor on s24 series..They are not good. Not even 5% of what the back Camera is.
I hope this reaches out the editors  That white flash or transition thing on your video is so annoying,specially for the people with dry eyes.
All these new Ai in smartphone are just going to dumb down humans. Imagine one day all power driven products just turn off. WTF would we do? 😂😂😂
Samsung is 💙
Please Add Audio Track Option for many others languages for many subscribers to reach Up Apple.. Like Mrbreast. @mrwhostheboss
this might just be the best , mobile , phone ever made
Very much happy with my op11. Absolutely beast in battery and haptics and ui ...
Please dont cry apple fanboy...😂😂😂
“Rooter”
Every phone is shit unless it runs Gta 6
Did u give away S24 to boy behind you.😂
Apple Iphone 11 > Samsung S24 Ultra
It is not 4 times faster
🔥 Samsung  🔥🔥🔥
Last year's phones didn't support wifi 6E. It is faked as we can except
This is the device that may convince people to make the move from Apple to Android.
Who likes Samsung more than iPhone?
The guy in the background catching the phone 🤣🤣🤣
Can I get your iPhone then?
is it finally time to upgrade from my S21U ?
FINALLY! Theyre getting rid of those damn curved screen.  I always thought is was a gimick and makes the cases weeker on the sides for protecting the screen. Also you mentioned the mem going from 8g to 12g.  Um, my S22 Ultra has 12g.  Maybe thats because I have the 256g version.
Sad to see so many companies jumping on the bandwagon of using LLM datasets that are unethically sourced. All that matters is potential profit, sadly.
The design is looking like the Galaxy note 20 . Same flat screen,spen. Nearly same
and in this video, i will. never does...
Samsung > apple
Now review the pixel
AI is not worth it on the phone
Samsung ❤❤❤🇧🇩🇧🇩🔥🔥
5:53 apps will fly, if the devs optimised all of the apps for this model 😂 like all other smartphones with optimisation 😅
Me after watching this whole video with more attention than my lectures:- Cool. 👍
This guy is the boss of tech industry
Please make a review video of Redmagic 9 pro....
I know after saying good things about samsung and switching to it, Arun will still come back to the iPhone and give bad reasons why he can't use Samsung as his daily driver 😅
Am I the only one bothered that he's wearing an apple watch while reviewing a Samsung phone?
I'm debating on upgrading this time around? I'm currently using my still mint condition online exclusive phantom brown unlocked Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra 512GB version. Never seen the outside of a full protection case and has been my toughest phone I've own. I bought new when the Galaxy Ultra 21 ultra first dropped. I just received the Android 14 one UI 6.0 update last night lol but i would use this one as a trade for s24 ultra 512GB tho of i decide to upgrade.what do yous think?
Am here watching from my samsung s8 and dreaming what it feels to have s24 ultra😣
Wait, we share birthday? 😳
00:17 don`t worry, no-one saw person behind you 😅😅
samasung: hey Aron plz make a review of our latest phone. Aron: Makes a video while wearing an apple's watch. 💀💀💀
Apple furioisly taking notes for there 2026 "AI reinvented" pnone.
If samsung could finally make their phones feel like quality i could consider getting one. But the fact that even the "cheap" china phones already feel better than that plastic brick is pretty embarrassing for Samsung. And the AI is for me personally a reason to avoid that phone
Cue sad trombone for Europe whenever snapdragon in galaxy is praised 😅
Just noticed Arun is wearing a ring
The problem with the ULTRA phones is, they are just too big and heavy for everyday normal use. I had an S23 Ultra for like one year and sold it last week and just bought me a s23+ instead which is WAY more easier to handle. I know Im not alone with this opinion as I have seen many people disliking the size and weight of the Ultra. Even my fingers/hand got numb after holding the s23 ultra for like 2 minutes. A nogo for a smartphone. Ahh and dont forget about , this was without a case, with case its even bigger and heavier.
I'll have that iphone you threw
Funnily enough, the thing that got me excited is the faster shutter speed
STOP USING THE SAME FREAKING DESIGNS FOR A PHONE OVER AND OVER AND OVER AND OVER
Awesome videos sorry I’m soo late
We need a camera compression video
NO WAY! I loved how cool the curved display was! Most people don't care about the benifits...but the cool was sick af on a flagship phone
AI..Ai...Ai.... can't go a minute without someone yelling AI in my face
Sweet, the flat screen is back
Personally I think Google's Gboard does a better job than Samsung's Keyboard
More importantly is the screen flat!
Watching this comfortably on my Galaxy Note 10+ 🤣
I just love how everyone hates on Apple saying that they have the same old boring design in their phones every year, when this is what exactly Samsung has done for like 4 generations now lol.
Watching this video on my iphone 😂😂😂😂
Good phone with new feature for android fan but I'm stuck with Iphone 15 Pro Max we still not using AI so often need more time be that feature people looking for maybe.
Do this have eSIM?
Saw the ring on his left arm (congratulations)
Just ordered the S24 Ultra, gonna be upgrading from my S10+ to it, it's gonna be a great time i can already tell.
I’m gonna switch from iPhone I think
It’s all well & good but we don’t get the Snapdragon Variant in the global version, it’s only in the US & Korea! That’s not okay at all! We get inferior quality for a pricier version of the same phone? That is not okay at all! I thought they learnt their lesson when they had to change it to Snapdragon in S23 series after the petition & just one year later they’re back to their older ridiculous inferior tactics! That just sucks! Screw you Samsung
THE AI FEATURES HAVE TO BE PAID FOR BY THE END OF 2025!!!   It's in the fine print of the samsung website...
The same bullshit design.....
I keep forgetting my s22 Ultra has a pen...
Just bought s23u 19days ego and already s24u has launched 😢😢
5:20 ⏱ 🤩Updated, premium design with titanium frame, satin finish, flatter display 8:34 ⏱ 🔋 Upgraded hardware like 12GB RAM, faster WiFi, brighter display, better speakers 13:46 ⏱ 📸 New camera sensors and software for better photos, videos and smoothness 18:01 ⏱ 🤖 Powerful new chip to run AI features on the phone itself 20:11 ⏱ 🎥 Cool new instant slow-mo video feature using AI 21:23 ⏱ 🌐 Live translation allows seamless communication across languages 21:46 ⏱ 💡 Overall exciting new phone pushing boundaries with on-device AI Supported By NoteGPT
Dope review
Ummm..... What's the price (Though not in my budget)
he threw away the iphone but still using iwatch on his wrist.. 😁
Gold chain looks beautiful to MRBOSS ❤
In my opinion, Phones have gotten so refined that people nowadays have to look for millisecond improvements which dont matter in real life. In the past phones used to be innovative, now a days, I dont think much innovation is there.
Don't worry iPhone users, you guys should get this tech with the all new iPhone 21
I dont think you touched on the performance of the chip very well. What people may not realise is that this phone is actually more powerful than the next-gen console Xbox Series S with 4.6 teraflops (vs the xbox's 4 teraflops)
"Galaxy AI is CRAZY!" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Where did you get the t-shirt from ? I want to know
Me who can’t even afford iphone 11😂😂
No deny this is probably one of the best phone's of 2024, the price range is just ridiculous. It's selling here for 1809€.
Proud moment for Android lovers 👍
Hold down a home button?
Am i the only one that im getting the feeling that we finally have a new generation of smart phones? I really had enough of the camera battle all those years, my S22 ultra is more than capable for 99% of the users out there, including me that i love photos. But the AI implementation is actually a value multiplier for a smartphone. Great job Samsung
Be aware that you'll have to pay for the ai features come 2025
I wish I still get excited for a new model release like I was in before 2020
I think the editing of photos with so is getting scary, it was useful with the pixel but Samsung just has less restrictions so it kinda makes me wonder what a photo is anymore?
Ai makes a lot of mistakes with subtitles and reading. Many mistakes. Something that needs to be fixed. Not just samsung.
Dude got more views than the official trailer in 12hrs
It's like setting the benchmark for other smartphones, Galaxy Launch is always special. Thank you @Mrwhosetheboss
Are there any honest tech reviewers anymore? This might as well just been a Samsung ad.
Since when do you have so many subscribers?!  That close to passing MKBHD
nicely reviewed bro ..do a giveaway n make me win  i wanna try this 🤫
Should we expect models from the A7X series this year or only the A5X? I'm talking about Europe market
Ah another tech "expert" that doesn't know what a "zoom camera" is. It's not a 5x zoom camera. What is it zooming from? You can see clearly on the back of the phone, that there are multiple cameras. None of them have zoom lenses.
Samsung's releasing those trashy beta  AI features and people will lose their AI enthusiasm like with voice assistants. They should polish this more before release. They wamt to be the first so hard
all copied from pixel and apple😂😂
I didnt even realise that it was out
If this whole LLM based AI thing improves to a realistic, frictionless factor... THIS IS AMAZING
Removing 10x camera was a bad decision.
Fun fact Samsungs 1st product was Fish, 😁
bro is talking about Samsung with an apple watch on the full vid.
don't make me buy this phone!!!
If there will be any Green Line on Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra display , then I won't buy it . Coz there's a Green line on my Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra display after update on Android 14 . 😖😖😞😞
Oh my GOSH, the corner leaves painless, hardly noticeable indent on the skin for 1 second?! Absolutely unbuyable. What a major flop.
hi
The smile on his thumbnail tells me everything about this phone.
Most impressed about that text summarizing thing. That's so usefull.
And here I am, watching this on my Poco X3 NFC😅
This year looks like Samsung literally copied Apple strategy of minor update.
why are they copying apple every time?
Major downgrade from 10x to 5x zoom
Man i want to buy s24U so bad
Samsung has never gotten the respect they deserve from the beginning.
It's not that different you guys. Stick with your 20 21 22 23. Nobody cares about fingerprints. We all use a case.😂😂
Just give him iphone 16 pro Max he will change everything said here like politicians 😅
I got the s23 ultra 5 mouths ago love ot but I had to have the 12gb model
However, Considering that the price remains approximately the same, This is a huge jump from the last generation of the Galaxy series.  The AI has made the changes that we definitely needed but didn't know.  A worthy purchase for sure
Its nice to see Samsung have found a design they will stick with. The S22 looked brilliant the first time i saw it!   Im excited to see what Samsung will bring over the next few years. I'm still on the S21, which is a bloody brilliant phone even today so I dont see much point upgrading, even with all the bonus features. When i upgrade, if I do stick with samsung I want to be shocked by the massive change.
Dude you leaked the car number hope its not yours
IPhone or Android?
Wait for Huawei.
I'd like to know what t shirt you're wearing . 😊
the ai features are disappointing tbh all those features are in my Google pixel 7 that I'm using right now
First video I've seen from you. Also, maybe the best review I've seen of a phone and its features. Really impressive man
CAN Y give one free phone
As an apple user, I will most likely switch to Samsung
18:35
😮😮😮
Compare it vivo x100 pro in camera test video  Actually I buyed it yesterday and i want to know it's potential in camera field  Kindly make it
Is it weird that I preordered this first before watching any video about the phone? 😂
Is it’s me only that thinks Starbucks cup in video is intentional🤔.
Ya cool im still on a s4 :/ my s22 ultra got stolen a while back so im stuck with a old phone a s honestly i cant even afford to look at the price
still copying apple
Titanium isn't even in the same neighborhood as aluminum in heat conductivity. In fact it's heat dissipation is so poor it's considered a decent to good insulator... Something you really don't want when cooling things, but makes it excellent for use in aircraft skins.
He got the phone before the introduction film
Galaxy A.I.? Aww ... I thought we will get "Sam"
Now Samsung launches a new sit 💩😂
As cool as everything on this phone is the curved screen being gone is more than likely gonna be a deal breaker for me bc a good part of the reason i like samsungs was because of the curved screens it's just astetically pleasing and the aod is too much like iphone but who knows i haven't seen it in person yet
I love Samsung, They making a fun of other smartphone. Now they follow the same thing. 3 years with the same designed. Mock first, follow later 🤣🤣🤣🤣
We’re back in Babylon, all of humanity able to communicate with one another again with no boundaries.
so basically samsung took all the pixel features and made them their own with their own snappy name done video done.
00:41 📱 Updated design. 05:34 🚀 Powerful Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip. 08:34 📸 Camera improvements. 11:22 🔄 One UI 6.1 software. 16:03 🤖 Galaxy AI features. 19:49 🌐 Smart keyboard 20:18 ⚙ Integrated AI feature 21:29 🌐 On-device AI tasks 21:57 📱 Solid hardware upgrade, flexible and fun software 22:11 🚀 Exciting prospect with about 50% on-device AI tasks and most features available globally at launch.
finally a mass phone except the Oneplus 9 pro that can do amazing 4k 120 fps idk why they didnt do it earlier
Hm, I couldn’t see Your the video but I was listening to it and must say that I didn’t hear nothing new. :( About the zoom: does this time will be possible to zoom The Mars?!🤔🫣 Will wait for Your new video after You will test this phone. thx for video!🙏
Someone tell him squirtle is not a word in the dictionary...
22 minutes well spent Thanks Mr whose the Boss, as Tanzanian am very reliable to your channel to know how things go in tech word 💯💯
For every like this comment gets I will not do One Pushup😊
The AI stuff seems a lot like some things that google already did last year
Bro are you having a tooth ache?
Bhai but tu kyu dekh raha hai tujhe konsa Lena hai 😂😂  Moye Moye..
didn't pixel  did the same for ai features??
This time I did not like the samsung event they were focusing way too much on ai and not on performance and camera. Ai is good but the msin point should not be AI.
Damn it, just got the 15 pro max  😠
A sub to the channel would be galactic 😂
He is wearing apple watch and his iphone will be in his pocket im sure.😂😂😂😂
"*Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until at least the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices"  - fine print not mentioned 12:20  anywhere.
I'm using s23ultra... Anything to worry about the s24 ultra? 😅😂
you know what i like better than that phone is your shirt and gold chain😂
quillbot, bing image generator and bing co-pilot are the mostly used AI apps by me on day2day basis. Now, I see all these are integrated. Definitely worth upgrade from my note 20 ultra!
I am very happy 😊
This year is the first time I'm ever going to upgrade my flagship in 1 year mainly because I cracked my s23 ultra because of the curved screen but the generational upgrades are enough for me to say yes
I gonna boycott your videos for branding "Starbuck"
flat screen cracks easier
This is an add paid by Samsung……….
This phone is too large for my small hand's
I am thinking that if the phone can read all my texts reads others text listen to call conversations than what about privacy.?
Ma niggaz video editing skillz ❤
very interesting phone 😮
Soo like since its titanium is it   gonna break easy like iphone on somthin
🍉🔻🔺Boycott Starbucks
the issue you observed with transcript is everywhere. I use microsoft teams almost every day, its the same. I would give shout out to samsung for what they acheived.
Here are problems I have with S23U which seems to be still there in S24U, one of them is the weight. I know the weight most likely because of the cooling for the chipset. Generally I won't really feel that weight, but if I take some other, older phone such as the Note 9 or the S10+, they feel so much lighter compared to the S23U. I also dislike how pointy the boxy shape of it. It's certainly great for the screen, but I'm sure those 4 corners can be made less pointy.
Bro wth I didn't even know s24 was out yet and this dude.. 💀
Your review is much better than MKBHD
So.. ghost face is still around I see 🤦🏽‍♂️ Samsung is finally realizing more isn’t always better and following Apple’s approach on refining software instead of adding hideous features 👏
Why again exynos in s24 and s24+😏
I saw someone catch the phone 😅
The new line of Samsung's phones is exciting. Amazing features. Contemplating to switch from my S23 Ultra...
Dex ignored again
thanks for the  all intelligent detailed analysis of the s24 ultra, looking forward to laying my hands on it
Such an ugly design, honestly if they were going to repeat designs they should've kept the s21+/Ultra design, it looked so good
I am so dissapointed by phone companies, and software developers, because, the phone modern phone currently is more powerful the a super computer from the 90s, and yet, we seem to be doing way too less with the super computers we have on our phone, compared to what the actual super computers used to do,  WHy dont they manufactures add the ability to combine more than one phone, kin of like a server cluster, and to also put those faster performance processors and memory into serious use.
I just came here to see the AI examples so i can know what i might expect with IOS 18 but then again there's also the ecosystem so I'm sure that's gonna play a part too which should make it even deeper, either way I can't wait. Nice video!!
You should review Honor Magic 6 pro
Every single Samsung galaxy release is a punch 👊 in crapple's overpriced face 😂 I mean even vivo and Oppo and ZTE are better than any imphoney from crapple.. Telstra prepaid and Optus prepaid $100 phones are better than any imphoney from crapple 😂
I am note 20 ultra guy, i will wait till 30 series or something revolutionary
When did it come Aswear Samsung only posted on YouTube about it 10 hours ago
Now this is the definition of "Androids are Fun !" 🤟👍👍👍👍. Excellent review mrwhosetheboss
I still dont know how he is able to get his hands on a phone, review it, test it, explain it, film it and edit it just 20mins after its release
I've been saving up for a One Plus Open but this is tempting. I went from Galaxy S5 to the S8+ and now I have the S10 5G which is crapping out on me. I love the idea of a foldable phone but I've loved my Galaxy phones and know I would enjoy the power and premium features of it.
Bro Use Audio Track For Us To Understand
What about Dex?
Samsung it's the best phone ever
guess I'm sticking with my S23 Ultra for a while  the AI stuff is cool.. but at the end of the day its still AI, aka software.
12:06
i saw starbuck.i have to skip your review
I think people will really need to think whether iPhone 15 is actually better than galaxy s24. But tbh 10:46 I think s23 lks better here, I think the camera will get optimized more with updates, but I really hope it does cause S23 still in this video looks better at managing light.
I'm using S23 Ultra and I'm planning to upgrade it to S24 Ultra...worth it? What's your suggestions????
Masterpiece 😮
yes sir!!! Samsung is back!!!
By the way, nice catch on 0:17
do rog flow z13 please
Nothing impressive
Rohith sharma in a parallel universe
A droid is laways better than aaple . Reason is that aaple can't even come up with a featured keyboard , while an android keyboard has AI , translator amd everything in it . 😮😮
true apple lover
Too early
Who else came here after watching the galaxy unpacked just to finish his sentences
Snapdragon Gen 3 being more powerful than the A17 pro is surprising
The title is false.. you do click baits now?
New marketing gimmicks and a bunch of useless forced AI  functionality... If it weren't for you and the production quality, I would never spend 20min on this new Samsung nonsense...
Phones don't need to get faster, brighter screens. It's all diminishing returns at this point. Just make the battery better. I want 30 hours of video play
I'd choose the Pixel series from 8 Pro and above, any time over any phone for AI. These "new" features exist in Pixels before Samsung, you should have mentioned the Pixel here though. Anyways, after 10 years, they'd still be new if apple implements them.....
Still not a leap ahead from other phones
If you look at the key features in their webpage it says that "5-Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties." Which is weird since their whole unpacking felt like it was all about the AI, kind of sad since i was really excited about it
I am very disappointed with the S24 series. S21.series does support 16GB memory.
Thats some quick shutter speed
I already buyed S24 ultra for myself. I wanna try AI in a Phone
Camera test with 15 pro max
Hi Arun, as much I like to follow your content,  your videos are getting longer, i liked when phone reviews were 5-8mins long. its getting tough to follow your videos when some of them are as long as a tv episode. youtube shorts is too short and half an hour video is too long.
W Samsung❤❤
Apple on 5 years
bro you are wearing apple watch
Should I buy the s23 or s24?
Let’s see how the translation works between Korean and English but it most cases it’s awful
Hey mrwhosetheboss can you make an review of infinix hot 40 pro please and also love your videos keep up the good work!
Not really impressed with A.I features. Should of been way more capable of things.
Oppo launched Find X7 ultra in 850$ on China .That is better deal comparing s24 ultra.
Thats phone is nothing compared to Iphones, Apple takes a W again😂😂
Mens attend the event at the time, Legends Hands on the Product 👑🔥
2.1k dislikes are apple users
compare pixel's AI and galaxy AI
competition means the iphone 15 series protec😅😅😅
Samsung is basically using Googles tech (Gemini) to power their AI. Still a win
The curved screen made no sense whatsoever. I don't understand why a lot of people were buying into it, to be honest. The flat screen with sqaured off edges look fantastic!
Why is everyone so afraid of comparing the 10x zoom against the S23 Ultra?????????
Its better to upgrade from s23 ultra to s24 ultra or not??
Samsung catching up with Apple
I think if phone makers start taking your opinions before launching their products then their products will be selling like a hot cake because the kind of analogy you do with these phone is amazing.
at 0:17 a guy catches phone thrown by him
So awesome. I just finished setting up our demo phone in store. Great timing.
it's exciting.  people said 2023 is the year of AI.  no, not until someone bring AI into phone and Samsung did it (well technically Pixel did it first but well), it's not necessary good for now but you bet the coming competition would be overwhelming.
cant wait for the samsung s24 ultra vs iphone 15 pro max comparision video.
Awesome
I just love listening to his accent😁
Very good as a device of the year🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤
So he is indirectly saying get iPhone, never other phone. Just like his other vids. Man give back my 22 mins 40 secs of life.
I think we are seeing a trend here, where companies stick to the same design for way too long. Its almost quite hard to differentiate which model is which without squinting and a closer look.
There's nothing like a curve display
the whole spec sheet for the s24s were leaked a few months ago
Give me your old S23 i have an realme 5i that is like 20times better upgrade
It Came out yesterday on my birthday
I think you misspoke about the cooling properties of Titanium. Aluminum has a higher thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K compared to titanium's 118 BTU/hr/ft2/°F (17.0 W/m-K)
Arun is a professional Rick roller. 😂 Kidding aside, great video as always. Very informative. The new AI features are very promising. ❤
How many of you know They are going to CHARGE AI FEATURES after 2025....its only free till 2025.
These features are just WOW. Now Apple has something new to refine and add it to the iPhones for the next coming years. hehehe.
Still no IR blaster, Dolby Vision, alert slider!
All these features and hangsung still couldn't beat apple's video camera quality 😂
The AI search feature has been on my phone for years under Google lens
Bro uploaded  1 hour before Samsung upload the introduction video.💀
Samsung creates buggy features whilst apple emsures that there features are solid and seamless.
This video just summarized all the leaks that have been going around for like, 3 months now.
God dayummm
S23 still going to be a good devices. Changes, but not many, and not worth upgrading.
Vivo x100 Pro should be included in camera comparison when it comes out!
i think now is to look towards the future and smartphones so whats next , what i think is next ,  well what i think is do the same as pcs in the past get rid of stuff anyone uses so they get mad but explain why , like in the past every mac/pc used ps2 mouses and keyboards its now usb  in smarthones i think get rid of some antenna,s u dont need , like radio recievers etd u dnt need it wifi radio is the future , loose bluetooth antenna cause we need to figure ut for wifi and bluetooth to become 1 , let smartphones only use 1 button on the side , volume up and volume down , u dont need a power button use the volume down to power on the phone , powering off the phone u can do on he drop down screens also so u dont need that anoying extra button , a smarter b safes materials . give smartphones a second battery but now for extra power , give the smartphone a heatcapture batt , so when ur phone gets hot it can use that heat to charge that batt and when u dont use ur phone and its cold that heat won power can be stored towards the main batt
Is it worth updating over S23 ultra to this?
When you can finally get the new s20
Awesome. def bagging one
It's pronounced R OUT ER, NOT Rooooooter :)
And all the sweet amazing AI features are gonna be a pay to use feature beyond 2025 if you wanna continue to use it.... that's something too eh...
As a native German speaker, I can say confidently that the translation at 18:40 was not at all correct lol
🎉
Ur music taste is just class
❤
Since AI is software, could it be added as an update on S23 Ultra?
Fk iPhone
Has Arun accepted Jesus or something 😂
Another true Samsung review from an Apple Agent!
Wifi 7 with 2g fiber i can tell you its amazing
*I believe that the elderly will have immense difficulties dealing with the new generations of smartphones, with this in mind, it would be interesting for companies to invest in an AI that is capable of "shaping" the device's software for certain age groups, as in this case, for the elderly.*
If they switched to curved corners we would just get another iphone
Watching on my s23 ultra 😊
Need Apple vs Samsung 👌
S24 ultrais a monster
He is not Mrwhosetheboss he is isheep that's a fact 💯
make a video of Camera comparison of s22 s23 s24 without your analysis just natural sound and leave for audience to judge the camera
How much has the s-pen improved as compared to s23 ultra? Or there is no improvement
RIP Apple
Who else saw the person catching the phone behind 😅😅😅
Thanks for the comparison...now i have all the reasons to stay with my s23! ultra
Will the circle to search come to other S phones
Anyone know if the AI feature is free or subscription model ?
The shiny strips in camera circles looks very ugly.
Just upgraded 7 months ago to S23 Ultra. As long as the next one can't cook my food for me, I ain't thinking about upgrading any further...
Apple will take 10 more years to introduce AI am I right or wrong?
if apple launched these features probably your lowest rate is 9/10 😀✌️ nice vid!
samsung s24 ulta vs i phone 15 pro max vs vivo x100 pro review chai
samsung s24 ulta vs i phone 15 pro max vs vivo x100 pro review chai
samsung s24 ulta vs i phone 15 pro max vs vivo x100 pro review chai
Using apple watch and apple charger and degrading apple also 😂😂😂😂
I'm skipping the S24 and waiting for the S25 but this has gotten 5 excited for 2025
Meh, going to stick with my S21 Ultra till S28 series. 😂
Need 8 inch size 16gb 5500mah batt next
Y you people promoting starbucket rubbish tea that should be served for 10 rs
Best thing about Live Translation... Talk shi* to chinese robo callers.
Why can't Samsung skip the front facing camera and invent a better solution? Ive seen a few version on other phones that works.
Bro I hope you are okay since you fell down on the floor while shooting the video.
Welcome to the series"can't afford but still watching".
Are you telling me that Samsung's new features are the functions that the pixels have had for more than two years?
Props to Samsung for finally making a phone that Arun switched to from the iPhone.
TBH this design needs to go.
Did you just say titanium is better at conducting heat than aluminium? 😂 just making stuff up as you go along - aluminium is 10x more thermally conductive than titanium.
can this.phone.beat iphone
15:30 sounds like british people problem 😆
Apple - photonic engine 🗿 Samsung - pro visual engine 🗿
the have sharp edges because Apple sued them when they got rounded edges.
Will forever miss the curve screen. Best thing ever.
12:10 AI😍
9:21 Because of Apple
"Galaxy AI" very misleading marketing strategy, the technology is Gemini AI from Google, like 90% of all those perks are processed in Google Cloud platform with the same Gemini AI which we already seen in Pixel phones. The only thing Samsung did is adapting the software on the phone. So basically it's Google Gemini AI. And the "circle to search" function already came to Pixel phones last december with QPR2 Beta 2, it will be available on QPR2 when released at the end of January.
love your content
What if AI is hacked and work for hacker 😂
Titanium and flat screens are such a downgrade from stainless steel and curved screens
While I was still watching the event video he had made a video
Better than iPhone 🎉🎉🎉
Tell us that this phone uses 44gb in 256gb variant as 88gb for 512gb variant system files 😢😅
Why not swap out the 3x zoom with 5x zoom instead of replacing the 10x zoom... You can digitally zoom from the main camera to achieve 3x and still be quality... Concert goers would appreciate 10x ...  Samsung should drop the 3x and bring back the 10x on the s25
يمكن تهدينا الترا 😂
Super nice looking phone and upgrade option coming from my aging s20+. One thing to note, when you were saying that titanium is better for heat dissipation, that is incorrect. Titanium has much lower thermal conductivity compared to aluminium and therefore worse for transferring heat out of the phone.
Samsung won
Only software gimmick changes, rest its same as 23
You got 17M Subscribers When????😅
For me it just became the phone of the year
Nothing new here that is really amazing to go for an upgrade. Better to provide candid feedback rather than talking great about blah stuffs.
2:05 the is the thing which a want in this phone for very long time. Curve display 0 practicality.
Idk how people can sit here and say apple is superior LOL it isn't in anyway,  apple wouldn't be here without Samsung. Overpriced junk.
Maybe time to ditch samsung after many years. An iphone copy, if i wanted an iphone i would buy it. This is really a poor upgrade.
The gold chain buddy, are you joining a mob ? Nice
I think next year I'm switching to the s25 ultra since I just got a iphone 15pro max. Depends on the 16 and 25 ultra, 25 ultra will probably be better though.
Camera is really the last important thing on a phone.. i really dont need that. For me its memory, battery and speed
Yea but no point buing a S24 Ultra if you own a S22 Ultra already. And I would take any Samsung with a Edge screen over S24 Ultra's flat screen... In my opinion last good looking S series phone was S10, it even had a headphone jack.
You Are Rocking Bro
12:42 did samsung really just put up DLSS frame gen in their "in slow mo"? 😭😭😭
He says finance but is wearing a ring. Congrats king!
Reviewing a Samsung while wearing an apple watch is crazy
Ι have that on that my s20 ultra with my beta keyboard for 3 plus years now the language swap and ways you can reword it. 20:06
Bro k want to thank u for all the content that u have been providing us content for years now and for that we thank u 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉please can u give me a phone please 😢🎉🎉🎉
Samsung screens cause burn marks
I love hearing how he does the review but he is so annoying going on and on about edges and how the phone is designed as far as the corners and desire for symmetry. Only thing most people care about is elite performance, battery life and the cameras. Keep it simple man. Because after elaborating about the aforementioned, sounds like filler blah blah blah just to make the videos longer.
A lot of this looks great. For a phone, this is a big upgrade from my Pixel 7 Pro, BUT from the AI standpoint, it would be a bit of downgrade, though i do like the AI keyboard.
How did you get it in the next second this released
11:45 Lol he's right, something simple but it looks so much more fun to have that slider animation on your screen, I'm loving that
14:10 why starbuck??
A tip for the tech YouTubers:  new phones looking the same as the previous phone is fine with us regular folks.
Pokemom names aren’t real words. Being upset the phone can’t transcribe Squirtle is weird.
It can PLAY GTA V
I preorderd the ultra. I cant wait to get it and review it.
Now I am so excited for the new pixel. Because pixel can do 70 to 80 percent of all this already.
Watch apple copy all these AI advancements, repackage them and release it in the next iOS update
Since you are switching to android, can we expect some more enthusiast-like videos like exploring root access in 2024, maybe the state of custom ROMs, something on the state of stock ROMs, etc once the initial quarter launches are done?
Please unbox iqoo 12
The humour 😅 is the best ever in this industry
The issue with live language and why it will always be tricky is CONTEXT… the are nuances to conversation you can’t really understand and translate till the full sentence is done…
How much you got paid for it
Everything/Anything new is OS based and so like Apple these features should have released in the name of new OS and also for the past generation compatible devices….. And then these companies talk about “Environment”… To get these new features one has to buy new hardware is super environmentally friendly…. Shame Samsung Shame 😮‍💨
I have the s23 ultra, and im so jealous that i didn't go from the standard s20 to the s24 ultra, but my s20 was basically on life support so i got the s23 ultra basicslly on release last year and sure i coukdve wiated an extra yesr and get all this ai stuff. However, by the time the s25 & s26 ultra releaes im so sure its gonna have the most ai experience so i'll wait for that.
It's a nice looking phone, but as much as I hate my S23 Ultra, I probably won't buy another Samsung phone.
Lots of pockets will cry
Whenever I see a post on Facebook about a new phone I know that this guy already has a video about it  Mrwhosetheboss is always on time no cap♥️♥️
You missed the chance to say a subscribe woud be Galactic.!! . Cuz this are Galaxy phones ..!!
Hey Arun why don't you create a dedicated video on nano technology.
So many cool AI features. All of a sudden I’m regretting my iPhone 15 purchase
Gunna be a pass for me and I have a couple reasons why.   - AI will become increasingly involved with our day to day lives but I don't this this first generation is quite there yet. Next year is likely to be much more refined.  - the removal of the 10x camera.  This one will need so more in depth reviewing. I use my 10x often enough for it to matter. There is a surprising amount of day to day situations where a 10x zoom is super helpful.
Sharp edges??? 😅😅😅😅😅
Incoming lineup: Samsung Galaxy S25 Edge
Samsung uploaded the intro to the S24 9 hours ago, this was posted 11 hours ago
I actually LOVE the flat edges on my iPhone. I hated the 10 so much. I hated how round and bulky it was. Flatter tech is so much easier to hold and so much more aesthetic.
MY FREND WICH YOU RECOMMEND ME TO BY SUMSUNG 24 plus or ai!
2:27 he got me❤❤
Apple tops Samsung for first time in global smartphone shipments / IDC and Canalys report that the iPhone manufacturer shipped the most phones in 2023, the first time Samsung hasn’t been number one in over a decade.
Which all features of new S24 will be seen in S23 series with Software update??
Tbh I wish the phone didn’t have ai
Damn it why yt keeps spamming oppo reno advert on video😑. It's been 4 time it interrupted the video
What a downgrade, from 10x to 5x optical zoom
Thank you Arun for touching on the density of Titanium. This is what gives the metal strength, and so the mass can be lower to achieve (almost) the same strength as steel, but it will still be more brittle, as evidenced by the issues 15 Pro users are facing.
0:17  I SEE YOU 👀
‼️ warning!!! Samsung’s customer base gonna nosedive…. Reason: Samsung will not bring any of the new software feature to even to the S23 ultra…. This is very old habit of the Samsung and acting opposite to it, is Apple… I was a loyal Samsung fan for years but for the last 3 years I have switched to Apple and yeah Apple treat their customers right in terms of software features and updates.
it has a built in grammerly  like AI
The video is nicely summarised...like the new Galaxy AI Summarisation feature
Reduce  volume of  the background music
so in conclusion, its minor update
Still wearing an apple watch😂😂
5g only shows the no internet screen faster almost like it just bouncing around too much and showing errors because I been staying on 4g maybe also everyone wants 5g so it's less used but at least I can press a link on the screen before it tells me there's a problem with the internet or the website
1st of the 1st 😮
guys I am homeless, and I was kicked out of the house with nothing but some survival tools, help;(  guys my mom and dad abandoned me, what can I do now???😢😢😢😢😢😢🤡🤡🤓
Mr whosetheboss doing a PAID SPONSORSHIP WITHOUT TELLING US. It's the same as other youtubers did for Microsoft phone
Flat screen😊😊😊 My dream Samsung phoneeeee!!!🎉🎉🎉🎉 Write this on my FLAT Screen Samsung Note 10 Lite
Lmao i got iphone ads on this, as if an already android user would buy one now
Does S24 &S24+ use Exynos
Im still using my galaxy s8 😂😂
Note 20 5g Ultra does leave dents from square corners......but I don't care🤷‍♂️
For the very first time samsung felt more like apple iphone than an actual samsung phone would (not a compliment)
Are You wearing an apple watch?????😮😮😮😮😮
Paid review , google is having all these ai features from long time
Feels like iPhone and Samsung getting boring in every new year they're just bringing same phone with little upgrades 😪
Being dragged into court to testify. "I swear to god I never said I tried to kill YouTube"
the design is so different that I got confused which one is which.
Yo bro you need to trash that apple watch too for a Sammy watch if you are "really switching" 😊😊
The waterproof case on the curved phone makes the curved screen worth it
This is how a Review should be like Great work Dude👏👏👏
What a loud n clear voice
Are we getting an apple watch review soon?
13:43 wait whattt i want that phone right now
All I can see is Privacy issues almost everywhere with every feature 😅
Awesome 👌
I guess you forgot to rick rolled us with new Samsung S24 Ultra
Apple AI coming out soon..
Flat Screen.... Finally 🎉
I have one request that I am begging you for: Please, pretty please with sugar on top, do not play any music while you are talking.  It is very distracting to your narration.   Thank you.
Use Dbrand so that you can save your men from falling ground to catch the Mobile////
Apple cannot comp with samsung its a joke to just campare apple to samsung
I never watched the video, but I thought the titanium was causing the i15 to overheat?...I'm not sure, kinda asking I guess
Good to see we are slowly moving away from only Camera focused innovations, if we could even call them "innovations"...
THEY COPIED APPLE’s AOD🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
S24U crazy
The whole video kinda looks intro
An actual smartphone
those high nits wont stay under the sun.... question is how many nits when used under the sun?
Hey @Arun, the video is stunning but the white/flashy light during the transition was annoying to eyes especially during night. Can you try to fix that in upcoming videos.😊😊😊
so s23 ultra not good enough for the ai upgrades :(?
11:25 old software you have to turn that in settings.
Where is the Bixby with Bard? A lost opportunity!
Yeah, better than those peasant 8 gen 3😂😂😂
Exactly the same color as the iPhone 15 pro 😭
U should do ah collaboration with marques brownlee ...n do ah video
S23 ultra or S24?
background music of this video is wayyy to loud and very disturbing.
I got 2 apple ads for a samsung video.. 😂😂
I’m literally laughing at those android users who used to criticise Apple because apparently Apple didn’t “change” the design enough. Now their flagship companies are just copying Apple and infact giving even lesser features 🤣🤣🤣
Is galaxy ai gonna be available on the s23 ultra too?
Which color is best for s24
Isnt there a "you can only talk about the good stuff" phase on this?
Apple doesn't have half of the technology Samsung has, and you always give it double of better rating. With all your respect, in my opinion, watching a "Samsung " Review from you, is pointless. The rest of your content, is great.
Are you giving an ad 😳 🤔 for Samsung 👀
It would be nice for some of those A.I features to come to the s23 ultra
This video is the most in depth first impressions I've seen for this phone by far. Great job!
Samsung caught up to Google, nice.
Will this have expandable memory?
Thanks... For detail video.  Am confused between Fold 5 and Ultra 24. Pls guide which one to buy.
So basically, they just copied pixel?
Why'd I have to get the S23 Ultra in November, I should've waited.
It's times like this I start to appreciate how quickly chinese companies copy other companies around the world. Now I'm gonna get these features soon, just not on a Samsung.
And again samsung beats apple
You will not switch fully, you will go back iPhone as per usual.
nice phone i use the s23 ultra , but i will wait 3 a 5 years for newer ultra phones , not that much money to switch phones everytime , good that samsung nailed it with keyboarsds maybe send that keyboard update also to the s23 ultrs would be good , but well i mostly use Gboard from google as my keyboard cause the I in gboard is still better thebn most flagship keyboards samsung made
I know people will definitely buy iPhone it doesn’t make sense because this phone is so useful😮
Nah im good with my s23ultra that flat design looks dull and back to 2010 design curved screen is more like premium phone for me ai gimiks is shitty rn
I still remember when I have a Samsung galaxy s series phone of 2015 and how it changed today
The day when Android killed iOS for good
This video is sponsored by that Apple Watch on your wrist
Dude. How much screen time the phone got in this video? Stop filming yourself.
Who would have thought being able to write on the whole screen from edge to edge would be an innovative. It's been a pain in the arse since the note 4 to have both sides of the phone unusable, unprotected, and washed out with reflections of any light source hitting the curves. Thank fu@k
They sold the same phone!!!!🤣
Guys if AI is the selling factor then wait for google pixel (Gemini🤤)
Cool stuff but still gunna hold onto my S22U for a while longer. Probably another year or two. The S25 or S26 will be out by that time. I hope they start offering a 2TB storage model, or the option to add a micro SD card again.
yesss I want flat screeen  thank you samsung 🥺
This is the best smartphone right now no hype intended!
Am happy with my s23ultra,not going to upgrade,will wait for something game changing.
Definitely wait for battery reviews. But everything is great.
Whatever but iPhone is winner
while everything is all amazing, im still baffled why the switching speed from 0.5 to 1x or 2x is still slower than iphone
I have a s22 ultra,the only thing that will make me upgrade is the battery life,since the s22 has a rubbish battery life,if this beat s23,I'm upgrading, Thanks for the video and effort again,Aaron.
Ma casually waiting for iphone 16 pro max
Is this still an 8bit screen ?
How safe it is to use AI generative tech on the new generation of smartphones ?? They all require internet to do the requisite changes and nothing can be done if you’re offline, this makes your device more vulnerable.
Please do a gaming tast plz aaaaa🙏
Of course it can't detect "squirtle" correctly, it's not a word in the English language
I already spent a fortune on my S23 Ultra last year. I'll be interested in the S29 Ultra. See you guys then.
“This guy gets his hands on phones so faaaassst” He’s had this phone for weeks. He’s only allowed to post at a certain date and hour, thats why everyone posts at the same time.
Hello sir, hope you are having a nice day, now that u get the new s24 ultra  don't you bless me with the old s23 ultra 😢😢
And still a hole in the screen.
Seriously this clearly is a setback for me from Samsung, I mean they literally replaced 10x with 5x and then all the AI thing i mean already i am using those 😭😭
Idk why samsung didn't put u up there with Mr. Beast man that other girl doesn't even know what a samsung phone is
ngl i hope samsung gets better than apple
Looks like you don't even have possession of it.
@9:39 your  BMW X1 and it's redg GU72XCA 😂
Samsung is peak ❤
I personally don’t think it’s worth upgrading from a S23 ultra
I don't Like the Flat Screen At All . I Mean Samsung Was Only the one who has these amazing looking curved display . now it just looks normal to me 😣😣
Considering how much hype Samsung put into the AI marketing this event was very meh.
Still I watching same Phone s21, s22, s23 &s24. U Know S20 Also 😊
Titanium is not a material that can be easily bent, so I doubt the phone case is Titanium, but rather 1% Titanium and 99% Aluminium.
Eh I think google is holding Samsung back. I know they tried their own os but that shouldn’t have stopped them from launching a side version of that google have their own phones now
Will S23 ultra get same AI features as s24 ultra after upgrade?
Without throwing your older phone, Instead give it too me
While we all came to you to see evry new phone evry single year since alot of years come on it's time for u to have some feelings towards us 🥲
Please include how the cameras work on social media apps like snapchat and Instagram. Vs Apple
There's a s24?
I am confused should i buy s23 or s24? 😅 is s23 now gonna be cheaper that the s24 is lauched
I'm curious to see how this will affect translation in the future, because Google / Samsung can manipulate/censor every conversation that they translate.
Will anyone talk about the RING? Anyone? ok.
NO Titanium on a phone is stupid and now samsung made the stupid idea of puting them on there phone one twist and that thing gonna bend !
Rip in advance for regions that'll get the Exynos soc in base variants.
Is that gold chain given to you by Drisha ??
I have a feeling that faster internet at this point is just so they can run intrusive apps on the background without you knowing
The best & more detailed with your review early & longest video❤
Arun, we NEED a car reveal now. I noticed you being sneaky-peaky by showing the X7 next to your house walls.
Honest comment. Buy s22 ultra. Cheaper and nothing much changed until now.
I'm good with this phone.I prefer getting rog 8
Boasting the "scratch resistance" of a Samsung screen anywhere beyond 2020 is a joke. Had my S20 FE for over 2 years and through real usage scenarios, It hasn't had a single scratch.   All of this phone design situation has got me thinking though, about how far 1st world problems have come worrying about the most ridiculous things like "Oh this new phone has a more curved screen whereas the previous one didn't" or "This phone has a 15% faster CPU than the last one". I am admittedly guilty of falling into this trap, But we sink so heavily into those minor changes that we don't see anything else that makes a genuine worthwhile investment. Is it so hard for a company as big as Samsung to make worthwhile, functional changes instead of bigging up the most ridiculous, microscopic ones? Bring out a phone, make sure it does it's best, and watch it roll in those numbers. The comparison between the last phone and this one is so absolutely minimum that they aren't even a selling point. Great, my phone screen is curved now and the graphics move faster. Fantastic. I don't care.
Mark it boys. The day we lost Arun back to the Samsungs.
I loved that You said " I am switching to samsang from Iphone😅😂
Anyone has timestamps?
Why did they remove the aux port 😭💀 that was one of the cool things about the Samsung phone still love samsung though  ❤
Whatever people say, I believe curved displays looks better than the flat ones.. Remember galaxy s7 edge? It was way ahead of it's time.
Isn't titanium actually a worse thermal conductor? I thought that was why iPhone 15 pros were overheating?
is it just me that doesnt like pointy corners
That chain slaps hard.
I am one of the people who can't afford it but watch it anyway
Now only if pixels could improve their hardware performance, it will be fun watching samsung and pixel compete for the top Android space
With gold chain u look like gangster 😂😂
Sir can I get any phone you can provide I don't have that economical support so I can't afford it it will clearly help me ❤❤   Love your video  Lots of lovee❤❤
Flat screen... Solid downgrade
Better than expected for sure
Quality drop,, no fair benchmarks
Flat screen ..titanium …trying to come up with own software…i have seen this before and done better
I like the phone but the pricing is bit too high i dont know should I buy or not very confused
Pixel>>>>
19:00 - SwiftKey keyboard have had many of these features for months, or years.
Stop promoting Starbucks
Just pre ordered mine can't wait went with black almost went with the purple one.. But decided against it.
All the hype and nothing to write home about 🥱 yawn 🥱. I'll wait another couple years
Samsung lovers gather 💪💪💪
Why is he wearing an apple watch- I swear he never wears stuff like that during a vid
i have one problem where is samsung note phone🥲
The phone has a hard time knowing what you saying fully , woooow seems like people whenever people have different accents lol I bet has to do alot more with you than the software.
I wish I was so lucky as this awesome dude is!😉😉
I bought and own 3 5000 mah phones all flagships s23 ultra has worst battery backup upon similar useage
Jerry where are you waiting for your video of tearing down s24 ultra and weight how much titanium used by Samsung in s24 ultra.
I didn't even know the s24 ultra was out yet
Watching this in my first generation galaxy fold.
Just wait … 16pro max coming
Meanwhile Apple is innovating on usb c
As an S22U owner, this does seem like quite an incremental upgrade. All the new AI/software features are cool - but just that, software implementations. So they could be in pretty much any modern smartphone. I can appreciate the achievement if the AI models are run on the phone with a dedicated AI processing chip though, so you don't get the latency and privacy concerns of online processing.   Still, it's the actual phone hardware being improved or useful hardware features being added that would get me interested in the latest release. The camera changes seem particularly unexciting. So the best they can really say is that mid-telephoto shots of 5x up to 10x will be better, but other zoom levels will only see the smallest imporvements from processing optimisation, and 10x & above will remain about the same or perhaps be even worse. If the 10x zoom is now upscaled from 5x optical, it's going to have focus very accurately to keep enough detail for a 2x crop, and there would be more risk of artefacts like glare. When you were showing some 10x shots back to back in this video I reckon the older generation (S23) looked a bit better.  I have heard that the main camera can now do the same 2x 'lossless' cropping trick like Apple's latest, and this is handy at those wider focal lengths. TBH I thought the S23 & S22U could do this already but sources I've read suggest that no, the pixel binning from the main sensor was just for reducing noise whereas now it can use it for losless cropping too. I would imagine that would look like the phone pixel binning 4:1 to reduce from 200MP down to 50MP, then doing a 2x crop taking it down to 12.5MP; the default image size for the main camera.   It would be interesting to know if it can also fill in the centre of such a cropped image with pixels from the next camera up in zoom, if it believes that will make a better image. I'm sure it's technically capable but with the 3x camera being significantly worse than the main camera I doubt this method would be used that often. It does raise the point as to why Samsung keeps in the existing 3x camera if it's the weakest of the bunch. I really would've liked to see a bigger sensor for the 3x, especially when they push it as the zoom level of choice for portraits.   The 0.5x ultra-wide would be another one that would be nice to get a better sensor. A shame that Samsung aren't pushing this forward when many of the Asian phone manufacturers are making some cool advancements with camera hardware - bigger sensors (including for ultra-wide), faster lenses, internal gimbals for excellent stabilisation, changeable physical aperture (which even Samsung had a limited version of in the past) etc.  In addition to camera hardware I think the kind of improvements that would have excited me would have been things along the lines of getting a physical camera shutter button like the Sony Xperia series, getting touch sensitive shoulder triggers like some gaming phones (ROG phone etc.). This could be useful for a lot of users - of course gaming, an area that Samsung likes to market its phones at beintg excellent at, but also for quick action buttons and for being able to control the camera with e.g. swipe left/right on a trigger to zoom in & out when the camera is open. In fact Samsung have gotten worse with hardware features like this over the years, remvoing the Bixby button that could handily be re-assigned as a one press camera launcher. And I still miss the headphone jack and micro SD card slot, so useful in certain situations!   I did think Samsung would have included an equivalent to MagSafe in the 24 series. It's innovative hardware features like this that get my attention. I know the new Qi charging standard will incorporate magnetic mounting but clearly it will be a while until it's actually incoporated into a Samsung device. I can already pop on a MagSafe case that has been designed for a Samsung phone like the Pitaka case I use on my S22U. But then you are limited to using only certain cases, and some MagSafe cases intefere with the S Pen. It would've been great if Samsung could've included magnetic mounting in the phone itself, so there would be no S Pen compatbaility worries and the ability to use whatever outer case you like - that Samsung case Arun showed that can turn the finger grip into a stand looks cool!  Personally I'm gonna skip 1 or 2 generations so I can see more improvements. Even though I could get the S24U for around £600 with the trade in/introductory offers, and the fact I've filled up all the 256GB on my S22U and need to start moving things like big videos files off if I don't ugprade now (another reason to lament the removal of a microSD slot), it's still not worth it to me at that price.  To be fair though, this does show just how far we have come with smartphones and it really is incredilbe this tiny device in our pockets has more processing power than supercomputers that filled rooms in the past, can take great quality photos, and zoom at levels you would've thought a big telephoto lens would be needed for.
What's a " Rooter"?
Really skeptical how Samsung brags about innovation by just adding AI generative tech to its new line up of S24 series when even there is no difference in the design between S21 to S24 ultra, it has has not changed by an mm. Just by tweaking the camera and software and some of the hardware here and there, Samsung is gonna sell S24 ultra for a whopping US$ 1500-1700 or even more.  This is all gimmick and no great tech tbh !!
13:50
I wish Samsung would stop copying Apple in every gawddamm step! Do something new and Unique instead of just copying! Make the phones repairable for the users themselves!
Apple only made 1/2 of the iPhone frame titanium. The inside half is aluminum.  There's absolutely no titanium inside the iPhone whatsoever.
can you give me one sir?
Iphone 15 pro max vs s24 ultra 😅please ❤
flat screen. I can put a glass screen protector      Buying one
As per the competition in the AI field, Samsung is way behind as of now, it needs big improvements in all those fields that's for sure.
Well done with the review! It's impressive since the device was just released a few hours ago! Quite an in-depth review.
Thank you Samsung for launching the Galaxy S24U. Now I can buy the S23U for a cheaper price.
Samsung great 👍
I love flat display ❤❤❤❤❤
I don't think we should use AI in everything. AI is not mature enough yet. We should use this tech after it becomes more polished. Phone companies using AI just for marketing.
I'm just wondering if this AI feature will be given as well to older Galaxy models in the next update... will it??
Love you brother from Bangladesh 🇧🇩🤍
The guy was doing workout and forgot ending workout on his apple watch 😂❤
Like the sharp corners. Not for the soft hands.
Deva re paise chaheyi hum ko
After a 3-hour wait, I got the unlocked version of the S24 Ultra. 1Tb, in gray.
I was so hyped when iphone15 came out, like I need to buy it right at that time it released, Good thing I listened to my inner self, to wait for s24 ultra and then decide if iphone15 or stick to samsung user (since s10)..I'm not switching, will stick, s24 ultra looks amazing and tons of cool stuff
Imagine all that ai assistance , fixing the things for us rather than learning from our mistakes
There was no Rick roll in this video
Still his fiancee! Quite a lonely review
Damn what a sellout!
Bruh Samsung UI is literally shit.
What's your thought on AI and privacy, like it's constantly going through all the things na , even texting!? Like when companies introduce custom rom and ai integration into it how much can we trust on it .. !!!
Android destroying Apple in terms of performance is wild to me but it’s certainly a great direction imo. Maybe the latter will finally innovate and try something different
Very informative video. Thank you very much! However you keep showing two phones next to each other and it would be helpful if every few shots of the two phones together you could remind us of which one is which.   Great review though. Thank you
I just had it in my hands today, honestly I think I'll miss the good curved screen bezels. I quite liked the aesthetic and the feature that glared around the corner for notifications.
ofcourse samsung just copies apple
It's just awesome review.Not a single moment ii feel bored and it retained my attention for 22 mins ❤
Please do a review on Fire-Boltt Dream wristphone
So perfect...I am the only one watching this review but can't afford flagship phones😄😄😄anyways a sub. from Philippines✌️✌️✌️
With all this points made have he been able to convince you that iPhone will always be better
Are you Ok.. When you fell down...!
Yo Arun pls don't put Starbucks items in your videos because as you may know they are supporting the genocide of Palestinians in Gaza rn
It’s a good start ig I might just shift to it in a few years
What I always ask myself is how metal frames (in this case titanium) actually contribute to increased stability when they are interrupted in several places by plastic strips🤔
Me with a old broken phone watching this😂
Wow! I love those days when Apple was selling the same devices for years, and Samsung was making something different every year and nowadays they’re just copying themselves even in materials so sad 😭
Apple 5 years later.... This is a new feature called iTranslate
Lmao this is technically s23 ultra....  With no upgrade just the name...
Boss , throw out some 2024 mrwhosetheboss wallpapers and a video on custom rom and customization ❤🌝
alright apple fanboys and fangirls now compare your latest iPhone with the latest samsung. Do your thing💀
funny how he reviews the S24 ultra while using an apple watch
How did he get it so fast
I don't take videos or pictures but I will now
End of iPhone Era 😂
bro i always loved your vids but please stop using those drift phonk gigachad songs man it's such an eeck
The Apple Simp is Back..
The dude In the back catching the phone 😂
Waiting for Samsung S24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max comparison
Arun where did you buy your tee shirt from
the 10x on 23ultra seems better
i hate flat screen time to end of being a samsung fan
What they could have done  was add games to play like apple
I would like a better Voice mail system.
Overall disappointing..... This year will be dominated by Iphones  Samsung has failed to bring up a winning model this year
Me watching from my Samsung J5 Pro
nowadays youtubers are less trustable and more like advertisers from the brands
I use your voice as bgm while studying Medicine, It's such a musical & Energetic...
When will you be reviewing the new gaming phones and vivo x100 pro? I'm waiting 😢
Also, now Samsung is supporting these devices with OS and Security updates for the next 7 years. That’s amazing.
how the hell is it going to know what a squirtle is
I’ll definitely get it in two years, when the price comes down to earth. I’m enjoying my Motorola Edge 2022 I got for 150.
Waiting for s25 haha
The issues he pointed out with the voice recorder app is the stupidest I have heard. He is saying it's not good because the app couldn't pick up Squirtle? Dude come on, it's a proper noun of a character from an anime
Eh seem like a boring phone with uninspired design. I'm just sticking to my Nokia Lumia phone tq
Looks like it is time to get S23 Ultra now.
Will s23 get ai galaxy
Just realised yesterday night it came out😊
Samsung S24 Ultra Hands On - With Mrwhosetheboss's Apple Watch 9 series Wrist ON
Aaron is it just me or you don't just like pixel phones? You seem to compromise with hiccups on Samsung and iPhone but not pixel phones.
Waiting for your camera comparison video with iPhone 15 pro max
Just preorderd the Ultra .  Seriously can't to pick it up❤🎉
Me still using galaxy note 8 😩😩😩
Wow
If only they'll add IR Blaster. I would shift right away. Samsung pleeeeease!
Its crazy he got the phone before samsung launched the trailer
Waiting for your camera comparison video.❤️🇧🇩
8:11 you mean millions of stolen photos.. 😐
The thing that i love the most, excluding the pen is the consistency, I've got the S22 ultra 512gb, and i am both interested in watching what's new, and at the same time i love my phone and i still think to change it with the 25 or 26
Huawei still the best in terms of Camera
All that AI stuff is still pretty meh. We’re clearly still a little ways away from AI being more than just a gimmick
Gray-ter. Well done, sir.
To be fair, I doubt the phone knew the name 'Squirtle' exists, don't think Samsung included 'Pokemon' as one of its datasets for voice recording HAHA.   Most of the time, AI being local or on the cloud is really limited by computing power, generative filling an image takes quite a large amount of processing power, something that you need literally top end GPU's or TPU's to achieve for how fast it needs to work.
Overall removing the 10x is a downgrade back to the s20 ultra days . Nothing interesting in the AI part . As an s23 ultra user I would say samsung has stopped innovation....the cameras are a big let down
Lmao this phone is just being released to my country 😭 and he has it alrdy 😭
For everyone I set playback speed 1.25 here I need .75
DONT TRADE IN YOUR S23 ULTRA BC THOSE AI FEATURES WILL ROLL OUT AT THE END OF THE YEAR. YOU WILL ALSO BE CHARGED FOR THOSE FEATURES AFTER 2024😂 Watch tech odyssey he mentioned this
I always found iphone camera and it's photos quality way better than samsung  I've got my iPhone xsmax and samsung s22 ultra,  which iPhone xmax wins when it comes to zoom in , in the photos that are taken
i am living in eu, and as i saw today on samsungs website, there is a lot different between us and eu versions. after more than 10 years, i guess it's time to change my smartphone company.
Can his basic iPhone brain handle the S24U?😂 Also the boxier the better. Don't cry about sharp edges. That's what distinguishes the Ultra from others. And stick to your iPhone or get the S24/+ if you want rounded corners.
I really think Samsung decision is mixup of apple pixel, I really think Samsung should remove the 3x and add the 5x and or have a new 10x sensor but they messed up in cameras I mean if u had 200 mp camera so let it be a high resolution camera to take atleast 3x images but they know it is bad and apple on the other hand using 24 mp camera to take 5x zoom apple is apple
Watching this on s23u 😅 i aint changing
So it looks like an s23 ultra. Boring. Yawn.
Apple lover. Talking about Android.  Lol.  The ultra is for productivity. Itron is for fashion
Samsung.
Samsung's just copied the iPhones 😂😂
He has paid his soul to apple.. just wait everytime new samsung beats apple but this time i think 15 pro max will win as i said paidtuber
Aluminium is actually more thermally conductive than titanium, I can't see any benefit to a phone being titanium other than it sounds good in marketing and more scratch resistant.
Samsung to start charging to use AI features beginning 2025, sucks.
I still hate the crappy way they are dealing with the camera, just have a blank bar at the top ffs instead of having a black dot noticable.
No 1 >
Dude decided to talk Pokemon with a Samsung employee !!
Welp time to trade in my s23 ultra
The always on display built 5x zoom etc all COPY COPY from apple
All canges dosnt excite me tbh same cam and litle bit mroe performance same design nothing new features which will get washed up faster idk looks like i phone won this time
There is an app called otter which does a good job of taking down meeting notes, samsung has done something similar.
Dear Samsung, take the note 10 design , (give yourself a slap in the face) stuff it with modern hardware, minimize the front camera,  supply a high quality vibration motor ,and release the 25 ultra. and stop ruining what we love.
Not a huge change 😕😔
This year the S24 series definitely got my attention with the new design, love the new titanium as well! I think samsung did a really great job here ❤😊
Meanwhile me having a galaxy a12 😢😢😢
im using a phone from2015😭😭😭😭
Google has the lead in the field of AI, because it has all the tools, just need to integrate them nicely in the pixel phone. And I think nobody ever uses the high end specs offered in these flagship phones, a 500$ phone has all the specs needed to run the phone smoothly.
18:10 google lens already got this feature
After what samsung did with the fake moon images in its camera software (and knowing that overall korean devices last way less even than chinese ones), people have to be really really mad on the head to waste so much money on this.
Most of ai features is available samsung s20 fe a phone that is no longer even supported (bcz we love our plannet). And the rest of the stuff if they wanted to they could add it to other galaxy phones but they prob wont.
Smart AI ??😐 So we have stupid AI ?!😮
Hey guys I want to ask you some questions that 8g is enough or not
Is the Galaxy AI Paid ?
Hey Arun you nailed it man. Keep up the good work 👏
They really botched the launch. I still can't order it. Alot of complaints about their website not working
1:35 Aluminium is a better conductor of heat than Titanium. Please Stop spreading false information
Samsung's like the gatekeeper for phones released every year, they release an absolute powerhouse every January, and watch as everyone else plays catch up.
Vivo x100 pro review maybe pleeeeeease 😁😁
I was hoping that there would be many possibilities with the stylus, that you could, for example, scroll the screen with gestures. I'm waiting for s25u "Controlling your smartphone using s pen gestures" would be great.
dang I just bought the new iphone pro and this looks a lot better
A lot of those AI features, especially the language translation(and notes!) and can be used while offline?!! Wow! That is something I can get behind on.  I might actually ignore that they are not bringing back an SD card slot just for having that offline AI capability.  The image search one sounds like google image search from before though.
Bro idk what to get now a iPhone or a new and better Samsung?
Gonna love this phone when I get it in 2027
The way arun wore apple watch in whole video was insane😂
0:16 Nice catch at the background 😂
Bro this is insane
S24 and S24+ in Brazil got the Exynos 2400, ridiculous!
lots of details here that werent on MKBHD video. well done
That fall in the noise reduction video sample was hilarious 😅
Am I the only one, who is happy not to exchange s23 ultra for 24 ultra? I really like my 10x lens. 🤭
Flat display sucks
I just prefer the curved screen... It's just, I want that iconic ultra feel 😢
16:00 - College students are gonna love this
0:17 salute 🫡 for the catch 😆
This Guy is the Ned Flanders of electronics, everything is lovely to him
I better be able to still take pictures of the moon!
1.9M views in 9 hours?
Oneplus 9 pro had 4k 120.
It would be interesting to have a comparison video of all AI features with pixel 8pro
5:36 mrwhostheboss using phonk before gta 6
Does the video feel somewhat dark???
I was within seconds of clicking the mouse to purchase when I heard rumblings of subscription based OS starting in 2025. I slammed on the brakes with both feet. ☠️
There doesn't seem to be any reason for the last two generations to update to this phone. Most of the AI changes are just apps that they can push to the older versions as well but they won't and on the hardware side of things this seems like a clear downgrade (No curved screen and lower megapixel camera). I think they should stop releasing phones every year for maybe releasing them every two or three years
pixel phone has all these actually they should do a comparison.
I'm here for the videos not the phones lol
Almost perfect review, the audio was not reviewed at all.
It feels like Samsung took the Pixel 8 Pro and just kind of copy and pasted it.
smartphones are evolving! even their price HAHAHA
Ok, I am an Apple guy. This phone… This one phone… May just convert me over to Samsung. It will be expensive,  but I think I am going to make the switch.
Is the 4k 120fps video recording available on all lenses or just the 1x lens ?
"..that is why I'm switching to it." Nuff said 🙌🏻
Have a iPhone14pro max but this is tempting to trade in, had a s23u but changed back to the iPhone because of the curved screen, now that it’s gone it’s very tempting
most informative CPA on YouTube
samsung s24 ultra 🥰
Anyone know what this weird section on the right side of the s23 ultra on the bottom that looks like a fingerprint sensor does or is? If u know you know what im talking about
catching Galaxy24 now
Didn't you flip to Z flip ?
The ultra should always have been more round and a flat screen. Flat screens are better. My s23 ultra also weirdly is a lint magnet i twke it out my pocket and theres dust and lint all over it its so weird.
Finally the point where samsung takes over apple?
I phone out
i like the corners
Great video, but what's with that gold chain around your neck...? 😀
The IPhone guy is jealousy talking about how good S24 Ultra is😂
The last Android phone I had was the Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra I now have an iPhone 14 Pro Max that I replaced the S22 Ultra with after having the S22 Ultra for only a few months I got my iPhone 14 Pro Max on release day and I plan to get the iPhone 16 Pro Max or 16 Ultra later this year I will not be getting an Android phone again I just find iPhones to be better and easier to use
for better or for worse, Samsung hardware has definitely applefied
My favorite device is spen series, but now i didn't able to use it, i have 'note4" but lost.
Samsung copying everything from apple rather than doing something of their own   And after this comment of mine people will start talking about how apple buys display from Samsung 😂😂
Will any of these improvements improve signals? Cellular and data signal?
I placed my order for the 1TB S24 Ultra earlier today. Can't wait!
Thank you for talking about the unnecessarily sharp corners. I can't get an Ultra until they change that. 😡
Meanwhile Pixel 8 Pro users are laughing in the  corner 😂 We've been using all these same features since a year now
Insha Allah one day buy 😌
All phones will have these features because it's not a galaxy thing, it's a Snapdragon thing.
My dream phone since 2020, Budget na lang kulang 😭😭😭😭😭
such an amazing features every year samsung release the mind blowing phone from their flagship
No Samsung sam no upgrade
i think Samsung is the a company that undestand mobile phone is develop for communication,that live translation is nuts.
Man always impressed me on how the presentation going.. All the edit, the pop up words and image.. He really have a very good editing team.. ❤
Don’t know if I’d switch from Apple. Even with all the new features is it gonna be worth it to lose the ecosystem functionality that Apple has? And are you gonna switch back if the iPhone 16 Pro Max is the same or better?
*Stop talking and take my money! You had me a translation which I hope does improve so I can understand what my Thai wife is saying when she's talking to her friends and family. This feature alone will side-step me from having to take Thai language lessons. I do suspect though that if it struggled with Spanish & German language which also use A,B,C's I'm certain whereas the Thai alphabet does Not and many words simply do not translate from Thai to English so this will be very interesting to see how it works. BTW, your future wife is Stunning, what the heck are you waiting for?*
Nice 👍
I wouldn't be surprised if all those AI features were pulled from Google Pixel, the icons and apps look the same... Not mad, glad if it's the case. And it would make sense since most of Pixel's hardware is made by Samsung including the CPU
Paid
Get lost!!"
is it worth to buy samsung s22 ultra?
I swear this guy is like everyone’s reviewer I didn’t even know it came out 😂
Look like those cheap slim power bank in ebay
Say no to Exynos, vote with our money.
Skippable phone.
Man never fail to rickroll
Woke up and saw this recommended even before the Samsung event video 😂
Still no AI for Bixby ?
bro samsung is always innovating crazy every year, honestly the best ride glad i chose these series of phones
I’m over the phone wars but you have to admit, it’s funny that android users made fun of iPhones always on display at the beginning, and now they essentially added the same always on display to android 11:30
Stop the cap.. it looks exactly the same 🤣🤣🤣
Good job dude
I'd be amazed if the A.I. can translate any Dialects in The Philippines. I'm here in pangasinan right now, and I need subtitle.
Most awaited  phone , hope we can saturn🪐 with s24 ultra...
Best thing about flat screen is replacement. I bought a used note 10+. After few months its display got damaged. It cost more than the phone to replace the display. Wish i could buy some 3rd party displays but unfortunately theres none.
$1,000 for the s24 ultra in 1tb for me, is a tough pill to swallow. But it's leaps and bounds better in every way than my $400 S20 FE. I'll wait for your battery and camera tests to make a good judgement call.
Plot twist: thanks to AI nobody will be able to afford the phone that features AI lol!
What happen after 7 years ? never had that issue you can't update your Android at all ? like you are stuck with whatever is on the phone after the period ?   (I mean except if you flash the phone and put another OS in it like some sysadmin do)
The circle to search AI is similar to my Huawei's. I have a P30 so this has been implemented years ago. I believe I turned off this AI function because it always brings me to online shops.
Please review vivo x100 series
2:49 You're holding it wrong, it's a you problem
I think you should save these s24 photos and compare them to the same phone after upgrades and a new phone available.  Call me suspicious because it seems like older phone  always look worse, then i remember them being when new.
Galaxy Brain indeed
Me who is watching S24 ultra on realme 6i
That violet one looks clean
Squiddle could be a pokemon at some point.
He got more views than the official video 😂
If everything was 10/10 the 25 ultra would be the same so samsung know what there there doing and going to only update the 25
leave gorilla glass talks for Jerry
We are not strangers to love 😭😭😭😭💀💀
Sht and I'm still on a hand me down S10.
Correction - 1:36 titanium is not better at conducting heat than aluminium
Bro hide your Car number plate
Thank you for a great presentation. I'll stick to my S23U. These small increments don't justify an upgrade.
Is Samsung still loading their phone with bloatware they think you should have?
SwiftKey keyboard is like a superhero compared to other keyboards in Samsung.
Bro I think sharp corners are good because samsung ultra series is famous for being boxy so if you curve the edges then phone looks would be compromise.
❤❤❤
Samsung is back to setting the bar with innovation. I like it.
shoish
To be frank, I think now is the time to buy s23 ultra  at a cheaper price.
I can finally afford Note 20 Ultra
Ippp ni ingane parayum nnit adutha phone irangumbo athum pokki pidichond varum.. Naari.... 😂
Vote for a collaboration with TRAKIN TECH.
Love the flat screen. I don't care for them losing the 10x Zoom. They should have improved on the cameras more.
Same phone different year
Lot of spam comment
11:20 you're wrong about this info, those changes were done in an android version update. My S22 has those changes now
iPhone is way better
As a pixel 8 pro user, I feel threatened
I don't think I like the sharp edges and flat screen. Granted I'd slap a case on there but still
I have been using base model's cz of their flat screens, finally a ultra with a flat screen already pre ordered it 😊
samsung s24 ultra vs honor x9b screen durability test.
Samsung is watching your review,  and there going to launch s 25 ultra as per your review.  Very soon
Would actually love to see a review of the smaller S24s!
Would actually love to see a review of the smaller S24s!
This is how every ultra should have come out from the box with 12g and nit with an option of a 8g 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Samsung Australia gave me $150 eVoucher for purchasing the S24 Ultra 1TB. I used the eVoucher to get $150 off the Tab S9 Ultra 1TB tablet. I also purchased the 45W power adapter for the tablet.  I paid using PayPal. Total amount was $5,267 (Australian dollars). Arriving on 30th at our house. Gonna have to look on our outdoor home security cameras to make sure no one steals the items.
I do this on every samsung release (I use s22 Ultra)  Lets see wether or not ill use the new changes: - no rounded screen: i...dont like this. I kinda like rounded screen. Its a personal thing. I just think rounded screen gives the phone more identity than just "hey this is an alternative to iphone" which also have flat screen  - snapdragon 8 gen 3 for galaxy: I...genuinely do not care at this point. Genshin is better played on PC anyway and there is no specific phone game i like to play anyway. If not for gaming, i doubt anyone can distinguish between this and my phone's performance  - gorilla glass victus armor:....i mean..."glass is glass and glass breaks" ill fkin buy this phone if this starts scratching at level 7 and deeper gruise at 8 😂  - less glare: that sounds nice and i will test how much less in the showroom later (because 75% isnt really specific)  - new camera:...im tired for every year they are saying as if its so revolutionary evenrhough they barely change  - Galaxy AI: im a fan but now its still a gimmick and they have NO REASON to not release the software as downloadable for S22 or S23. Why am i a fan? Because i know its going to get better as they learn from all the input of the phone's user. The more it learns, the more it became more intelligent.
Bro the exterior is CRAZY
I already bought my S24 Ultra, I can't wait it arrives!!!. I'm truly excited!!!
Samsung's vs apple vs poco vs oppo vs vivo vs xiaomi vs redmi vs mi vs honor vs mezu vs 8810 vs nokia 🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Shit look the same … just like apple
Need opinion, should i upgrade from galaxy note 9 to S24 Ultra or just S23 Ultra. I really need an upgrade for my phone this year
Upgrading my S21 Ultra soon ❤
Will Galaxy AI be available on the older phones via software upgrades?
Google....did you really think Samsung WASN'T going to steal your AI innovation??  Sammy is the KING of stealing innovation!  They started stealing from HTC ( so did Apple ) , Sammy stole a lot from Apple, then they Stole from OnePlus, and now it's your turn Google Pixels. And then they take all that money they have and market the crap out the phone and EASILY get the Sheep to believe it was Samsung who came up with the ideas.  Samsung Sheep for Life, hahahahahaha
Trash ai marketing nothing else.
Who buys a phone based on color? Only to buy a phone case and cover it....
Pretty sure that most, if not all, of the A.I. features are the ones that were supposedly only for the Google Pixel Pros. Would definitely be great to see whether all of that works better on the Snapdragon compared to the Tensor.
But it’s still just a rectangle device just like the last one.
day 3 of asking for a pc
Seems Samsung and Google are copying each other .... ???
I never understood the problem with somewhat pointy corners, cases exist for a reason
Samsung is a copier
Why am I even watching this video? Knowing that I can't afford it 😢
is there any chance we see this new features on S23 ultra with one UI 6.1 Update?
Why are the AI features not available on the S23? 😅
Can it make me lose weight?
Even though I'm a teen! Still looking at it feels like it's getting too futuristic! Correct?
Your worst video ever just sponsored
My birthdays tmr getting pre-ordered w
My Orbi 970 Mesh is ready for this phones' Wifi 7. Always nice to have a modern phone.
Finally..!! Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra is here! With Amazing AI features & Crazy Camera ✨💫🖤
I use Screen Protectors and Flat Screens go very well with flat screen
Can apple compete now
As per my thoughts, Samsung could have increased the RAM to 16GB atleast and also 65 Watts charging speed which should have been a better initiative for Samsung S24 Ultra.  OnePlus has got the 24GB variant this year and 100 watts adapter. Some new things for a better usage. 🙌
Jerryrigeverything coverd the titanium in the iPhone. It's an absolute gimmick that adds no value to the phone. I have a feeling that is the same for the new samsung.
they perfected the S22 Ultra. I love this. from the screen to the smooth transition between the camera lenses. ♥.
I appreciate your thorough testing amd sharing, this thing looks amazing!  One thing that bothers me is that I see people describing the zoom from 5× to 10× as "digital zoom", which traditionally means that other than the image cropping, you lose the same level of detail in the resulting photo.      With the way the photos are saved, this should be called optical zoom, because the much higher resolution of the sensor still gives better than 1:1 REAL pixel clarity at a full 10× zoom.  No AI, nor other processing tricks are necessary here.  So the clarity should be identical to the previous 10× lens zoom images of the previous phones.      I noticed on my S21 Ultra, zioming from 3× to 10× gives full clarity all the way, with one caveat... Only in the centre of the image where the 10× image is placed on top of the 3× image.  The area around it doesn't gain zoom clarity as it's zoomed in.  It's so imperceptible the way they are combined unless you're looking for it.      Final thing... Did samsung drop their 240/480/960 fps REAL slow motion capture and just expect AI to fill in the gaps?  I'd still like to capture real detail if possible.
🙄 Felt like a Promotional Video 😐 , I am just saying..
Fast hands by the guy catching the phone in the back😅
7:38 ouch!!:(
My s22 Ultra still the boss don't buy this just waiting money
Quite glad about the flat screen, using the s-pen on the s22 ultra was a pain at the edges because it would slip then you would have to undo-redo which was really annoying. I pre-ordered the s24 ultra so looking forward to seeing the differences
I really don't give a damn about the AI shit... the screen is now flat. So I will be upgrading from this S22 ultra.
Just pre ordered and will be coming from my Note 10+.  Hope to have many good years with the S24U. ❤
Yess, flat screen is better
The gold chain makes Arun look like a Persian uber driver
Don't wear necklace man
Hand indentation?? 😢😢😢😢. SOO 😭😭😭
This was just perfect review. I learned everything there is to learn about the new flagships over dinner. I'm glad.
19:30  I think maybe at some point they will use T&Cs so that you allow them to read you chats, then they will prolly be able to match your tone based on how you generally chat. Might come in handy with the quick reply system.
I feel it's not worth the upgrade from S23U though
I currently have a galaxy z fold 3 I finally feel like they've made a phone worth upgrading for... still waiting to see what the update to z fold 6 will be like before I switch over tho
Bro is wearing apple watch while reviewing a samsung phone 😂
What's skwuttle?
The animation is sicc though And first time seeing you wear a watch for a video
heres an idea samsung do 1 simple camera for people that dont give a dam about cameras. and make some fancy cover with your newest cameras inside that, once put on the phone, can be used with it.
I like its now a flat screen, the curved screen doesn't have any benefit over the flat screen, and its hard to get a good screen protector for curved screens too. Plus writing with the spen on a curved screen sucks.
Samsung is the best android phone out there. it's   Samsung vs the rest of Android vs iPhones.
Not worth upgrading from S23U... Better wait two more years for better A.I.
deign is exactly like a nokia lumia phone from 8-9yrs ago
As a 14 y/o using an iphone 12 because I don't want to buy/can't afford a new phone. I can confirm that this is cool.
Upgrading from my beloved note 20 plus
I'm glad that I decided to keep my s22 ultra and not upgrade to whatever Samsung releases on this year because all of these are GIMMICK and not real hardware or phone innovation
Starbucks is killing children as we speak
im glad they are following some iphone things  - titanium - 5x zoom camera - smoother transition for each lens - brighter screen.   i cant wait ❤to get one!!
TITANIUM FINALLY
Where is the video magic eraser?
too expensive my current note 9 and even my S6 run all my daily apps the same. its no different if i buy this 1500 euro phone. the cameras and AI is a no from me
Will galaxy ai come to s23 lineup?
00:17 should have erased the guy behind using AI😂😂
Anoop Seth 😂 with gold Chain dangling across neck
My note 10plus from 2019 had base 12gb ram and 256gb ssd, plus sd card slot. No 16gb ram???
iphone 15 sweating rn
All the AI photo stuff came on the Pixel 8 Pro for the most part. Sure you needed WIFI or a solid internet connection. But I doubt anyone is doing those edits in the woods with no intener.
Welcome back to the Android team.
Correction. Galaxy AI is not amazing. It just copied Google but some features have nice QoL usability. But that Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 that enables it to have that capability at such a speed. Now that's amazing.
I thought this video was a joke then i saw other unboxing videos then i realised s24 series was actually released 😂
For the battery comparison, love it if you can include s24 snapdragon gen3 vs s24 exynos 2400 in the list ❤❤
If your ditching your iPhone are you ditching that Apple Watch your wearing 😮
7years of software update is insane
I dont think im touching Samsung after my 22 ultra dies. The f***ing thing crashes ALOT. Its extremely annoying. Not to mention how privacy invasive both Samsung and Google are with all their "required" and Un-removable apps.   Plus, side complaint, the "USB-C" port is only 2.0.. NOT 3.2 as is STANDARD for USB-C. WTF kind of crap is that?!
I wonder how long till people like me would even be able to afford such 😅
00:17 - Lucky that guy hiding at the back was able to catch the phone after he threw the phone!
Curved display 🥺
I think this will be the biggest flop phone of this generation
Dude faster than samsung.
Can you use the s23 ultra phone case on the s24 ultra phone?
The guy who catches the phone in the background 😂😂😂😂
So are the features halfbaked?
If you want IOS buy iphone but if you want an Android get a Pixel
I'm planning on getting the s24 ultra later this year but I wish samsung increased the fast charging from 45watts
1 like for that "cool"😂
anybody here loves both Samsung and Apple. 💀 i can't wait to trade in my fold 4. 😭
This is why I'm subscribed to this channel and watch every video. Amazing hands on(first impression) video. You're the BEST You'r the BOSS
Here it  is after one year🎉 Samsung is ❤
Saying “creasing” in that accent floored me.
Mrwhosthcatcher 😂
Thats why I love samsung. They are innovative.❤❤❤❤
S24 not interested I love s23 Ultra because display
There's a surprising amount of inaccuracy and misinformation in this video especially on the technical aspects of the phone, which is odd for this channel. Hope you're ok bro...
And I really like Samsung/Apple settle down with one simple design ❤
People who brought iPhone 15 pro max and s23 ultra my having heart attack after seeing this video lol
It's kind of a dumb reason, but I honestly find the flat screen as a heavy downside.
I only enjoy watching your reviews coz all the reviewer kind of exaggerated  when they talk about the phone, and they never talk all feature clearly what the phone has. you are the only guy that is sincere in everything when you are talking about the phone and never talk more than the phone has . I love it Bro 👍
well, you have the money - and the ability to write off some hardness testing scribes. get to it. they're pretty expensive for normies. how scratch resistant is it really? i dont need a new phone. but i may buy the s24
0:17 A big clap to the person behind who catched the phone 👏👏👏
This is what call Apple killer not that stupid nothing phone 😂
Samsung Galaxy Health app now pairs with the Samsung Galaxy cok ring coming soon
Hope you can get your hands and review on VIVO x100 Pro
The gold chain 😊
apple watching this be like : hey tim we are so dead can we do something with something at least an apple blanket to cover our faces 😂 😂
I didn't even know the phone came out and he already has a review on it crazyy
Can I expect galaxy AI on my s23 ultra ?
4:38  Cant wait for the bald guy to test it out.
Arun's swag has changed man it's great with his t shirt and gold chain, feeling like I am the boss
the AI is implemented to all ultra phones, i guess, because I am still using my s21 ultra, and i have all of these ai features
That crazy how every influencers are  supporting the s24 ultra even though their is no difference between the s23 and 24 ultra but everyone is hating on the iPhone 14 even though the features added to the iPhone 14 is way better than the s24 and s23 like crash detection,satellite detection, camera colorurs, design and many more which is  better than the Samsung s24 ultra.
I didn't even realized that this is released. Wow
Almost all the features are a exact replica from pixel 8 pro.
Eventhough flat screen has benefits I prefer the curved screen as it added a fluidity to the screen and also made the phone look luxurious. I know that curved screen have problems of adding screen protector and I had my dad's phone s21 ultra screen broken as the only uncovered part curved screen got chipped by a rock
1:17 catch the phone 😂😂
I saw the person catching the phone when arun threw it @0:17
People with Fake S23 Ultra. Actually I have S24 Ultra 🤡
@3:40 a roooter?😂
Me watching this video in my battered Samsung F02s 🥲   Hey.. it works..
Will definitely upgrade mine to this from S21 Ultra
If you have something newer than an I phone 4, you're probably not going to run in to any problems, if that phone worked as new. And so here's hoping for a longevity phone, maby two or three year old hardware, but something that will last ten years minimum of abuse
Nice ❤
Sounds like it most of it can be just a software update on S23 or S23 models
Flat display: get iPhone simple 🫡
Forgot to mention that ai only for years then will be charging for this
the translate thing is cool. but otherwise "AI" is a pointless waste of time and energy. it's a lame selling point. the phone market has been saturated for years, and apple, samsung and others need to keep coming up with gimmicks to get your money. but it's all rather lame.
The galaxy AI seems like a very nice upgrade. I have one question: How is galaxy AI applied using the phone in DEX mode?
How much apple paid you mate?
Wow. You never disappoint us.
Please add Pixel 8 pro for camera test.. because it got Video Boost and no one's speaking about it
Too damn big!!! Why can't they make phones less 5.5" anymore?
The cameras are getting crazy good but all those other features the average guy isn’t gonna use that often if at all
AI tools are so incredibly useful that I am very happy Samsung is integrating them directly into the device itself. That's why I'll wait a bit longer to purchase my next device. I believe we have finally identified a valid reason for serious hardware upgrades, such as 64 gigabytes of working memory and terabytes of fast storage capacity. I do not want so much of my AI data traversing the web. Instead, I desire a complete, highly efficient LLM that operates locally on my device. Additionally, I seek more precise control over how that data interacts with me and who else is informed about my activities with it.
Apple user gonna get the AI features in 2030
This is better than the actual release video
whole review wearing an apple watch. I know he is a reviewer but come on in a month he will have a video how he just couldn't leave apple and the iPhone.
Kunlun glass probably tougher than any gorilla glass existed as of today
Love the Titanium framing but really not a fan of removing the curved edges. Galaxy AI seems really great but needed to have some more tweaks, they'll improve those in the coming updates for sure!  In general, updates are a good jump from S23U to S24U, but.. End of the day it's on how you use your phone. I'm really not onto upgrading to S24U considering my S23U is a legit monster even after a year. Might consider upgrading to the 25 or 26 series once the AI side of things gets real trimmed out of its hokey-pokeys.
Been watching your vids for some time now and l understand the selection of words to express your appreciation for subs is running low. What if you choose a different language each time. Like French, Spanish, German, ... to keep up the theme you started many vids ago
4:40 Probably want to avoid Iphone lawsuits
already preorderd this morning. cant wait
No one will ever know or feel the difference from 6gb of ram to 12gb of ram
congrats on #5 trending!
So i should buy the next two or three generations of this Samsung for the software features. okay!
Me watching this video on s7😢
I'm sorry. Why is all this AI stuff only on the S24? Is there specific hardware it needs to have? I get that you might need more power to feed it, but this all feels kinda software based. Of course I don't know much about how AI works with different components
JUST PLEASE SAMSUNG, ADD ADAPTER IN THE BOX ! 😑😐
The wheel will be reinvented very soon.  I love the upgrades which require a piece of software to tell you if it's actually upgraded, as it's undetectable to the human senses, and if you think you can tell the difference, it's because you've been told there is a difference so you brain assists with the deception.  the circling the trainer in the photo is basically google lens with a stylus.  All the new gimmicks don't work properly.  Why don't we all be honest and admit they've reached the limit, ideas are running so thin that the youtubers who review these piles of junk, end up talking about a front facing camera which is smaller my a nanometer, try to come across as amazed it's made of titanium as thats apparently the best metal to use, yet it took them until now to realize, glass that gets more scratch resistant every year, then jerryrigeverything channel scratch tests it and proves it's all BS and it's just the same glass with a new name.  The camera has a new sensor apparently, but it's probably a cheaper sensor but the AI is the wizard behind the curtain making the non existent upgrades appear to be upgrades... a brighter screen is an upgrade WOW... the animated screensaver apparently makes the phone slicker, yet you've been able to add animated clips as a screen saver for years.  Vanity is brought to the surface by the portait mode which apparently gets better every year, although it's just an over processed photo with maximum denoise for that weird smooth saturated unreal effect, which has embedded in the minds of the new generation to the point they believe thats what they look like to the rest of the world. There's plenty more tech with lots of future potential... i think it's time to hang up the phone hype,  or just be honest and say its the same as last years, there are some upgrades but you need to ask the phone to test itself and put a number on the screen which proves what it says in the specs. Sounds awesome.  What a load of nonsense.
I'm definitely ditching my iPhone for this. This is the real smartphone.
Samsung seems to have settled for the camera ,they don't want to compete with apple .While apple has brought great innovations like ProResLog and 24 mp pictures natively,samsung is having no answer it.The fact that s24 ultra can shoot at 4k 120 fps  was also not talked about much in the event hints that it may not be good.  Talking about Galaxy AI,people don't need to many features in phone,nobody remembers it and uses them everyday,and whenever seldom they wanna use it,people may switch to a laptop.  While companies like vivo have gone extra mile with their camera capabilities,Samsung has not even been able to distinguish their last 3 flagships s22 ,s23 and s24 .  I personally use s22 ultra, but this s24 ultra deserves a pass...😅
Great video, boring phone.
heyjo, German here, the translation at 18:43 has at least three grammatical mistakes and sounds super weird, it feels like the idioms were translated word-by-word^^ Goes to show how difficult some phrases are to translate and how much you need to understand about someone's intentions behind a text to be able to properly translate it. Not yet the yellow from the egg, but the consistent drop carves out the stone (just to give you a rough idea of how the translation feels like, these were two german idioms that roughly translate to "it's nothing special yet, but it's gonna get there eventually")
I'm using s23+ now, and the moment I hear flat screen, I'm sold, Imma upgrade to ultra ver this time lol
Great explanation! 👏
Wow revolutionary phone, samsung just revolutionized the phone indistry😂😂😂😂😂
Just want to point out that the "real time visualizer" is not really THAT. It's just a very short pattern of waves. Not an actually visualizer
How do you buy it 😢😢😢
S24 Ultra looks amazing. Indeed, it is wonderful. But, I still fall in love with my Galaxy Note 20 Ultra.
at 3.42  what the f is a rooter?
s23 ultra camera started to look rubbish after this 24 release hahaha even the 200 mp looks so bad in s23
Hi! I hope you can give me a phone even if its old for my studies. My phone is only Redmi 9c. I cant afford to buy a new phone. Im your subsciber since 2020. I hope you read this. Thank you and godbless
I don't know, I am a bit iffy about the AI component. I'll stick to my A54.
Batery ????? Few hours again?
i just bought the s23 ultra like 5 months ago.... I regret not waiting for this.
This phone is death to iPhone phones
Iphone is trash bro, and I have one
🛑🚨Same exact hardware from 2023 with an AI software update. 🤦🏻‍♂️🚨🛑
17:45 What if the other guy on the line just didn't like you?
Seems lame.. sticking with my s23ultra for now
i gotta say AI features are kinda undercooked. Doesnt feel like a final product to me
This AI stuff just feels like bixby+
At the end of the day ppl dont use 80% of the phone…..
best crew to catch a thrown phone. Props to that!
Heyy :) great video as always! I just feel like it could have been mentioned that 3/4 of these features are literally Google pixel features that are rebranded with a very similar interface (magic editor, summarize web pages and recordings, create wallpapers, recognize speakers in a recording, and now circle to search...) 👀 And so I wonder why you're more attracted to them on the Galaxy phone than on the Pixel, are they like more efficient/faster?
Copied 15 pro max 😂😂
​@EricDejuanOOO I guess my understanding of the meaning of the word "everything" is different to yours then.🙄
Its the ALL NEW STANDARD OF  SMARTPHONE OF ALL  PHONES...BRAVO
i want a samsung phone but i also want an apple watch..what should i do?
100x zoom video still not available?
It may look like Samsung might win this year’s battle with Apple
Looking forward to your full review.
Nah I'll stick to my s22 ultra
Watching again a phone that I can't afford
S24 Ultra Tne New King 👑
18:40 The german translation is SO off. Wow, Samsung needs to do a TON of recalculating there.
💥💥 I'm good with my S23 ultra and my regular S23. These S24 is not that big of a upgrade from the S23. I probably won't think about upgrading until they change the design or add a 6,000mah battery I do like the flat screen.
I would love to see AI incorporated in swipe  - relegate weird obscure words to the suggestions and differentiate when "in" is more appropriate than "on".
Surely I'm getting the s24 ultra this year. One thing is lacking now, I don't have money🙏
Been a user of s22 ultra for two years and i found out that quite a lot of zoom pictures i would like to take fall into the range between 3x to 10x zooms, most likely between 5x and 10x and the quality at that zoom level was not good on s22 ultra, the new zoom cam does seem to help with this issue
To be fair, most of the AI feature seems to be what the Pixels have been doing for a while, from last gen Pixels (magic editor) to years back (live transcription and translation). It's good to see Google finally facing some stiff competition in the smartphone AI space. They now need to improve their existing AI features, implement some of the ones Samsung is showcasing here (the circle to Google lens/ reverse image search seems like a no brainer), and also introduce some new AI tricks in the next launch. Excited to see how this battlefield shapes out in 2024.
Damn 4k slow mo is dope AF the camera turns to crap when you shoot slow mo now 😅
Samsung fans are officially not allowed to say “All iPhones look the same” anymore
This dude is doing a fine job of selling these phones but not worth it I'll wait till next year
Upgrades in phones in recent times hasn’t really been for average users, these new features are hardly noticeable even in the close comparison with the S23 ultra. I think the only addition that makes sense is the AI
Samsung out of ideas
The call translator is actually pretty cool especially the fact that the other person doesn't need to have a Samsung phone. But literally everything else they copied from the Pixel 8 pro 😅
So AI is the next battleground. LoLs.
nah, its still a smartphone.
Bro it just released howd you buy it fast
Love your vid. Some how as phone tech influencer can you review the phone in more technical test graph like fps vs temperature vs power consumption instead of just some physical or ui, all of these can be seen in Samsung showcase?  Many chinese phone influencer did it with even putting it in oven, but they speak Chinese which hard to understand.
5:21 😂😂😂 that face
Will we get these features in the s23 ultra
i got an ad about the galaxy ai before this video
VIVO X100 PRO VS SAMSUNG S24 ULTRA
Don't wear gold chains in videos, it makes people lose trust in your words somehow Just a humble observation A fan from long time
I have the Galaxy s23 ultra and I love the phone... Except the camera used to be amazing when I got it and I've not dropped my phone or anything but it's not working like it used to... I don't know but I'm not trusting it.. Maybe upgrades have changed the quality or something so I've made a decision to no longer spend money on cell phones but to save my money and get myself a real camera since that's the most important thing to me..... Therefore all I basically need a phone for is basic internet needs... So I'll just stick with what I have😊
alright we need to see that comparison now
This phone looks really good. Love the flat screen and of course it’s bright af. I have an iPhone but Samsung is tempting me.
Samsung switched to flat screens since they're easier and cheaper to manufacture. Plus is cheaper repairs too
Waiting for Google's take on this. Translation apps break language barriers when travelling abroad.
Not enough to get me to upgrade this year. It'll be the first year in the last 6 I haven't bought a new Galaxy.
I've been completely content with my S23 Ultra over the last year.  It completes and perfects all the innovations the Galaxy has offered over the past 5 generations.  I'm excited to see how A.I. will integrate in the coming years.
Samsung is back to their game of Innovations. That's the reason why I personally love Samsung's products before, and now they sort of going back to their roots
Its start new era Samsung  bring to Ai future more improving its starting stage
Wowa how fast he is 😂
What about the video stabilization like when you are running ?
S22 , S23, S24, its all the same.  Opps, heard bout this bout iphones too 🤭🤭
It seems I should trade in my iPhone for Samsung S24 Ultra.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️Thanks for the info bro
I love how we’re subtly Rick Rolled in every single video 😂
Do you think it overtakes pixels 8 series AI?
12:15 is what you're here for
I like the curved display since it was like a very distinct factor of Samsung flagships
I have been using Google lens for a while and I don't find AI interesting. How many of us would use live translation. Photo or video editing not sure.
The thing with AI is, give it enough data and it should get better. If a lot of people get this phone, then AI should learn in record time.  Got myself the s24 ultra 1TB Orange version, and I'm gonna trade my 23 ultra 1TB. It gave me A LOT OF SAVINGS I simply can't refuse.
Iphone 15 new features are titanium frame. Samsung s 24 ultra features 22 minutes long video.
It's pretty cool, but not nearly polished or powerful enough for me to justify the upgrade.
Slight Correction @1:38 - aluminum is more than 10x more conductive to heat than titanium. Perhaps there's something else going on (vapor chambers?) that allows for better heat conduction, but the titanium is not the route.
Awesome review...loved it ♥️
would be great if they improve the fingerprint scanner and face unlock, which is really shit...
I’ve honestly never been a fan of android phones. They’ve been nothing but trouble for me in the past but this one…this one has me impressed
NOW, remake this video using this phone. Including the camera video and shots, improved text, spoken in different languages then translated, etc. .... and THEN remake the whole video to speaking in different languages!!!
Im so surprised that no one has incorporated AI into things like Google assistant, Bixby or Siri.
S24 and s24+ wondering if they are in the same lineup
Bro reviewed s24 ultra in a S class manner
I heard samsung AI is free for 2024. After that, starting 2025, they will be charging galaxy users a subscription fee for using AI. If that's true, I'll just stick what I got and poor business practice on samsung for not providing info on it.
Samsung needs to step up their video output. Iphone is far superior even by how video recording catches less unnecessary background noises.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck i just went from s22 to iphone 15!!!! And i even told myself that i was gonna regret it…. Holy fuck im stupid for becoming a sheep… i miss having a samsung in my life
did you learn anything from Mr Beast !!!!!!
Vivo x100 pro?
Love what Samsung is doing. I’ll never switch to one, but I’m glad they are putting Apple on notice. I’m looking forward to how this will push Apple who is not behind on AI, but in creativity. The A18 better be built from the ground up with AI power.
Your smiile is ear to ear.
Ngl this phone seems stacked from the ui to the ai I'm impressed  This is how a new flag ship phone should feel 👏🏽👏🏽
will i get galaxy ai in s23?
Exactly top comment
I’ll have your iPhone hahahaha 🙏🙏🙏
But you are using a Apple Watch... The Samsung Watch have a lot more functionnalities, like blood pressure and blood oxygen (Apple will remove this functionality). I was expecting that Samsung release a Ultra watch today, I'm little bit disapointed.
What else could I say about this video? Thanks a ton ❤
My favorite phone🎉🎉🎉❤
Mmmm 🤔 as a previous samsung user which my last samsung have been a note 20 ultra , nope im not giving up my 15 pro max for this … But i’ll def think about using the s24 ultra as my secondary phone 😂❤
2000 nits to match the $2k Cdn price surely.  I used to buy a brand new phone every 3 years, now I buy the 2 or 3 year old model every 3 or so years.
Flat display is definitely one of my favorite change. Since the ai would be new features.
The fact that you don't need internet to do all the AI work is a very big distinction.. it is excellent work.. i think you are being hard on Samsung. They really did alot better than i expected.
Same sales pitch and spiel for S22U vs S23U     minus the AI
The fact a phone can have a 200mp camera absolutely stuns me. People really can become a photographer with their phones now.
Dude, the fact that they improved so much on the communication aspect is something I would say is a big step for a device that was meant for COMMUNICATION.
My note 20 ultra has expandable storage. Peak samsung
Still Android 🤮
Omg the outfit ❤😍
I dislike how they made the blue color have black sides. Why not give it silver sides like the s23u, it looked so good.
I'm a die hard Samsung user but unfortunately the reason I've been swapping my devices every 2 years is due to screen issues. My S20+ had green lines and I swapped to the S22 ultra. My S22 ultra had a full white screen of death and was practically unusable and I had to get the screen changed and I'll be upgrading the phone too as I'm worried of it happening again. Hopefully this issue doesn't happen again
Good Review
Exynos version for S24 and S24 Plus for international except US/Canada market is crazy. They force us to use their pathetic Exynos ☠️☠️☠️☠️
And people say that iPhones are same phone new year, this is literally the same phone lol
They need to add FLIR
that much fat...they fit a s-pen they can provide HEADPHONE  JACK
Titanium is NOT better at conducting heat, it's far worse than aluminum
Im Sure the phone came out way earlier than this video which shows just how much time he takes to make videos of good quality for us
"|<¡|| You. |<¡ YouTube" got me😂. I think blud's got some serious problem with youtube's content makers😅.
Did want to get the  s23 ultra but now i have to save for the s24 ultra 😢😢😢 am in a continuous loop😂😂😂😂so look like it will never happen 😢😢😢😢
I have S22U, and I got the OneUI6.X update. I hate the new top menu. Everything got scrambled and now I have to reach for the important features lile wifi and BT having them on top and not in the same scroller, also brightness already was one swipe away, and now it's also on top rather than on bottom. A lot of wasted space. Bonus minus: it looks like apple's menu, whoch I have also hated. Sad how can't go back and I'm not technical enough to jail break and try find an exact copy of the new UI just with out this notification area update...  Also the 10x to 5x is worring, as I used the 10x a LOT. But planning on updating to this if I can get a deal as I haven't paid my S22 fully yet.
S24 ultra gonna stomp iPhone 15 pro max
incredibile how fast and how well done this video is. Very impressive!
Me in between jobs wishing I can afford at least a note 8 and this man over here whipping out the s24
It would be cool if the grammer and tone in other Apps like outlook as well. I guess I will just be using Grammerly for now.
The only feature that I'm excited about is the flat screen.  I use the S-pen a lot, especially to smart select, and I hate when the pen slides off the edge of the screen.
I have a big hand, and like the sharp corner and a friend of my to. It holds it from falling forward in the wrinkles in my hand
This is called Innovation my guys unlike "you know who's" phones which are almost same as last gen ones
Made this my first s24 video
The audio on this video kinda sucked .
Broo it makes sense.... AI need to be integrated with Gboard.
The year 2024  1st things to bitch about is hand indentations via the corners🙄  Next up we are gna hear it makes to much noise...
Thank you! FLAT SCREEN is back.
Garbage phone
0:15 the guys in the back have to catch 2000$ phone
As an American living overseas the translation feature is the biggest thing I want to see inproved in the future. When you need a translation, you NEED a translation. And no you will not always be face to face or emailing someone in a different language
And Am here holding a S21 5g, dreaming about S24 ultra.
Difference between iphone 14 pro and iphone 15 pro is much bigger, than difference between latest Samsungs and previous Samsungs, it feels like you pay for new software update, that will come on the old devices
This phone reminds me of galaxy s4, so many unpolished and trash features
One thing that still surprises me that the Galaxy Ultra with a built in pen is still thinner than an iPhone Pro Max.
welll well well. 5x zoom lol and still worse apeture than iphone 5x
For someone who doesn't know English well can use the keyboard feature to cover that. I personally use chat gpt to rewrite certain sentences for any important e mails.
Day 1 of asking to do a redmagic 9 pro review
I thought this guy will upload a video after 2 weeks but it's here I'm happy
10:50 Wtf do you mean? The S24 is on the left, right? If yes, then It's clear that its worse, both in quality and dynamic range!
Bro how do you do this videos so fast
i'm really hoping the summary feature comes to the s23 ultra as for uni that feature would be crazy good and helpful.
the AI features seem to be very similar to the one found in the last gen pixel.
Is it just me or when an AI feature does a patchy job or 80% good it doesn't impress me at all. That AI image editing thing is something I wouldn't even use if it simply does patchy results or pictures that look clearly edited.
I’m sure it’s a great phone, but damn it’s boring looking. “Here’s a shoe box with 6,000 circles glued on it”
I actually like the square edges
For the fact that it surpassed the IP A17 pro chip is absolutely insane 🔥
So I got the s22 ultra with android 14.  It’s time to upgrade maybe
AI Image editing which comes in two flavors🤣
Galaxy Launch is always special. It's like setting the benchmark for other smartphones that is going to release in that particular year
I bet that despite the powerful chip, games still won't maintain 60 FPS, let alone 90 or 120
Titanium easily dents. Dropped my titanium watch and it dented.
that cirkel too search is so lame i mean google already have it on the camera app :P
Been trying to get away from the apple ecosystem do to their anti-consumer practices. This might be my next pickup!
i like when phones have weight to them..
Send me the S22 Ultra or 23 Ultra I want one
Now it's time to wait for s25U
"i dont know what to say about this one. cool 👍"
I see one feature that could have been easily changed to make a huggge impact. That camera app on the phone that lets you switch to photo mode really fast, if that was a live feature on your phone desktop , it would be a game changer for the photographic and creative community world-wide. People travelling to work, holiday or even to the local shop might see something  worth snapping, or cropped as a photo from the live feed in that smaller. It's one of the reasons why Richo GR was so popular because of its ability to capture things on the fly and discreetly. Can't help thinking the S24 isn't quite ready from some of the things you mention, feels half cocked, not ready to shoot? Does the AI photo correction work in body or via a server, compared to the Google Pix issue ? When I travel and I don't know a language I just get by with Google translate app, using the voice push to talk button, works flawlessly but not super instantly. The new look, looks a bit Sony that have been doing slow motion very well for Years, but the AI slow-mo looks nice to be fair. I bet you a subway of your choice Vivo, Xiaomi, makes it feel dated in a matter of no time or others. Hope all is well, thanks for being sharing great stuff. PS I went back and looked at the Engagement proposal, probably the only one I missed in Years, and I started light weeping like a big baby, I'm pathetic. Perfect couple. Only 950.000 subs left to pass Apple.
literally got my S23U less than a month ago.. BRO
Does it have SD card option?
No CES 2024?
Damn i still have the S20 🤣😪
I swear this guy has some special edition hands or something
tybical samsung too much gimmicks
This a beast of a phone, like every Ultra! Great Job Samsung.  i'm looking forward to see a more refine version of all these features and design updated in the Z fold 6, which gonna be my second phone.😊
Galaxy AI is DUMB!! There's nothing really innovative here!
looks like a samsung sponsorship
the 1tb version of this is $1 700 usd. I can get the OnePlus 12 1 tb  version with 16gb of ram for $849 USD on Giztop. Same Chip different camera experience but GCam can give the OnePlus a bit of an edge. Samsung Can't justify that price at all....
Watching this on s23 ultra. Nothing much changed at a glance. Glad to hear that samsung ditches exynos for ultra. I hope it's for good now 🤞🤞🤞
Can’t wait to have this phone as mone
Gotta get rid of the apple watch too arun
Can’t wait🎉
Dimensity 9300 is currently the best processor
The fact that he got 3 times more views than Samsung YouTube account itself. They spent millions of dollars on creating their ad, here he delivered more info in half of the cost.  Kudos!
What's the release date? Can't wait to get rid of my google pixel 7.
Galaxy AI = Spyware on steroids.
You are the boss 😉
This is so amazing thanks
Is it worth it to upgrade from the S21 Ultra Exynos version?
The S24 brings some notable upgrades over the S23, such as some advanced AI features and an improved chipset. However, the smartphone market seems to be hitting their peak with expectable improvements like speed boosts and camera upgrades. Those who maximize their use of smartphones would definitely benefit from these updates but for many users who are likely using their phones to scroll through TikTok or to play casual games will not really benefit from these updates. There just isn't something revolutionary that could change my life from upgrading to the latest phones cause older phones such as the S10 and iPhone X already have everything we need for the majority of tasks like SNS or casual games.
Everything is glowing ❤
funny how samsungs followed apples design choices
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Special Edition!
Glad Pixel 8 Pro isn't the only recent flagship that switched to a flat screen. I hate curved-edge phone displays with a burning passion and always have.
I love how he speaks like we never seen all those features on another smartphone ( pixel 8)
The new Samsung is great and all but I'm sure most people are afraid to see its price especially me because i want one
In 2 years my iphone 15 pro max will be worth $500 and this phone will be worth $250
So does the S24 blows the new iPhone 15 ProMax away?
finally the S line from Samsung I've been waiting for has arrived. (still don't have money to buy it)
21:57 that's not a S24U bruh 😂😂😂
As an iPhone user, I will admit that does look sick, but I will still be an iPhone user that upgrades to the newest flagship every single year😅😂
Basically all upgrades are AI?
Hm it's waste of money, s23 is already better, ai will go to there also. Hence, donate your money or buy s23
To be honest the iPhone 15 is better, design wise, software and hardware
You said Snorlax, Samsung said Snoreless. 8/10
Dude faster than Samsung
They trying to catch apple in hardware And trying to cath google in software
this guy just got the phone faster then the phone was publish
Samsung ditched 10x 🤧,Waiting for the camera comparison video 🤩🤩
Looking just like last year and the year before and the year before but yet Apple get criticized when they do it
If translation is good it be the nee thing for smart phone. People can travel abroad and not worry about communication
I do not understand how so many love curved displays. Maybe it is because they put a case on it. I do not use cases and I found curved displays unbearable due to accidental touches.
If only they could have added qi 2 charging!
Hopefully, box minded american apple users will see apple as an L 😂
For the life of me I can't tell in the comparison shots which one is the S23 ultra or S24 ultra
What is difficult to determine is which is Android and which is S24 with regard to the new buzzword, "AI" capabilities.  I see exactly the same things on the Pixel 8 Pro, with the S24 talking about some of these features being free only through 2025.  If Samsung charges for what is free on the Pixel 8 Pro, it would stink to high heaven in inflate Pixel sales.  Since they are bundling so much of the "AI" to run off-line, it would only make sense to charge those things that are not part of Android.  I can see were server-based apps need to be compensated for, whether you are the product or you pay for them.  As long as Apple is in the game, there is only so much Samsung and Android can get away without losing market share to Apple.
Theres a NEW SAMSUNG PHONE?? WHY DO I NOT KNOW ABOUT THIS!?!?!
My S22 Ultra has been destroyed by their updates (still works but my 120hz screen isn't, my cellular network also is done for), BUT this thing is innovative. Samsung has failed me for two years with this phone with their updates (I loved the phone and it worked wonders) but I'm thinking, still thinking. Should I wait for the iPhone 16 to come or just go yolo and buy this?
Excited for camera comparison.🎉🎉🎉
They copy apple by adding titanium lol
Same phone as S23U except copied 15 PM. Boring. Phones reached their peak.
it feels like video was done in a little hurry or rush.. but still 10/10 content.. someone give his editor guy a trophy 😊. also can someone please reply here what is the aspect ratio of this video pls. it is kind a neat too <3 thanks in advance to who ever gonna reply to this ❤❤❤
It's not really a surprise at all that the company that developed pyrex redesigns glass every year xD
Haha nice
Already pre-order 😇😇
So Samsung copies Apple and brings titanium, they also keep the same design since 2022, and no one says anything?  Edit they also copied the 5x zoom like Apple did HAHAHA they realized nobody cared about the 10x zoom lens
same design, small camera upgrade, few AI tweaks then a price of 1.5k+ USD🤦
Samsung's has ecosystem mobile To microwave [it has ai to beat apple im change apple to Samsung phone] [iPhone dynamic land is suck ] [I think my honest opinion is u'r desire u'r money and u'r mind] 14:39
Google Pixel already has all of those AI.
Watching this on my S23 U thinking how far we've come and I don't see the point anymore of getting something so powerful that you'll probably never be using to it's capabilities. Tech has peaked out in smartphones. Now it will be a war of 1 inch sensor and AI integration another area for smartphones company to make money on. 😂
Comments, please help me here, should my friend upgrade from his S23 Ultra which he currently has? He’s losing 500A dollars.
18:43 that Translation to german is piss poor terrible!!! Google Translation does better.....😮 its translating Word for word but grammatically incorrectl... thats garbage.... I might cancel my preorder.. maybe tranlate and then check grammar might help.... bit for now ... not 8/10
Cool video bro🆒
Finally what I've been waiting for - a flat screen.
Arun always makes sure to get us the best videos possible❤
No you’re wrong. Flat is better.
I like his drip tho
Let The Smartphone AI Wars Begin
Awesome video. We ordered ours already !!
Wtf, I am walking on a shopping mall in brazil, and suddenly there are s24's everywere for sale
I'd rather have a better camera than all the AI trickery
Is crazy for what sorry for just introducing the AI as  a new  novelty, the model remained the same with just some small shapes added, nothing else brought i would call a total disappointment, but no thanks i will remain with my s23 ultra hoping that the next year they will surprise us with a real next gen phone by samsung
Good hands on review! Just wow! Samsung never ceased to amaze me. Every mobile company right now will include AI feature on their phones this 2024.
This the moment where I see samsung giving apple a run for its money and Mrwhosetheboss being in his own world with MKBHD in their own. Bravo, your coverage was superb, jam packed with info and visually exciting. That said your editing hurts my eyes when I watch in x2.
best review ! i Love This guy and now i want to sell my s23 ultra to get this !
FYI: For those trading in their Galaxy S24 Ultra... You can keep the S-Pen when sending in your phone. I confirmed with Samsung when I thought I lost my s-pen, and they said it's not required to send the s-pen of sim tray. Always nice to have a spare S-Pen.
Bro, your videos are getting so musical, I feel like I am in an 80s rave or something, and I like it
Is s20 ultra worth this year?
2:50 I still agree with Samsung on this one. In my eyes, the sharp edge gives the phone more refined classy look befitting of the price. My first Android was LG L9 which also had sharp edges and I never complained about it, same with my current S23U as well. Most of the time people would hold the large phone with 2 hands anyway so you won't feel the edges. Also, keeping the edges sharp maybe needed to keep the screen fully rectangular, which is great. ZTE's recent Nubia lineup all have same design maybe because of the same reason. I still don't get it why screen edges should be rounded. If the device itself is rounded, fine, but the screen should still be fully rectangular.
Man....I just watched the unpacked event and you got the phone !!!! 🫠🫠🫠🫠
sharp corners? just get a case
@mrwhoosetheboss As samsung fixed the PWM dimming issues on the new s24 ultra ?
Just pre-ordersdthe 1tb version in blue. Currently using the s10+ 1tb I've had for years. Super excited!
Lets talk about real problem charging speed  Any improvement
Going to stop watching as ads every 90 seconds
still has a hole-punch camera? ill pass lol , still going strong with galaxy note 9!
Samsung disappoints to make a proper announcement, I would’ve not known that this phone was being released
Are all AI related features available for S24 and S24+ too?
If only Samsung would make their smart watches rectangular now. I'm with Pixel Fold but having been a Samsung fan boy since the first Note, I'd be back in a heart beat.
So nothing really changed, not worth upgrading from my s23ultra
It's time to say apple bye bye 😂
Idk why I still want a Samsung note 8 or a note 10+ in the multicolor.
Keep trying Samsung. Eventually you’ll make an iPhone 😂
Apple taking note before bringing it to the iphone 16 and call it revolutionary AI
That AI will only work as long as you are under good lighting, in a room. The fact that Arun appreciates the camera widget on home screen as a game changer makes me doubt his technical intelligence as a whole. Just a good presentation, no scientific valid points.
❤❤Samsung killing it
Uk comentator is always good.. in like everything😂
I have an s7 😅
Do we really need those features? For INR 1.35L 😂
video 214: waiting for Arun to heart my comment
So how do those ppl on twitter move the body parts of a human in an image…? If an ai can help you fill in the frames by doing that, it would be amazing
Is the phones you're getting in the UK getting different specs?... I got 12gb of ram on my Galaxy S23 Ultra.
So many things I loved about the ultra line are gone. I LOVED the curved display and the high gloss frame. Such a shame to see it go personally
19:10 she's hot 😍😍😍😍
U need to change your Apple Watch too bruh!
The boxy look of the ultra reminds me so much of the old Sony Xperia Z series...❤
You want to get me to believe in your glass. Offer free replacements twice a year.
I've always used the zerolemon battery cases with Samsung.
hi
That’s nice samsung but i probably wont use 93% of these new features ever
Still boring what Samsung do it in Samsung Galaxy S24 series.
2 out of 10 only idiots will buy this, it costs the price of a laptop and doesn't even do 100w charging lmao
If an ai can generate frames based on the motions and its range, but it can make a 2 fps video into a 60 fps one, that would be an ai animation….
💯‼️💙
Damn.. man you're really something else
Like if you looked up "Squiddle" and were surprised it actually is a real word ✏
Where do you get the money to buy all these phones, I'm jealous!!
the only aspect samsung were left behind by apples camera is the ability to record in raw like the apple prores log format
Lol Samsung launched the same phone for 4 years in a row and don't add chargers and earphone for a price that cost an arm and a leg no thank you Samsung became garbage! Huawei here I come screw samsung they just as bad as iPhones
Dude this review is so frustrating and bad… i dont want to see the closeup corners of the phone just the show the full phone already. You got such high end camera and your gonna zoom all the way to corners 🤦🏻‍♂️
I like the review but nitpicking the AI not picking up pokemon names...? eh
The AI is really cool
I would still pick iphone 15
Bro uploaded this at midnight 💀
I don't care about sharp edges.  I'm not paying that much money for a phone to be naked.  They always getting a case.
1:24 Titanium is MUCH WORSE at conducting heat than aluminium, not better!
Exshitnos 2400 sadly. The fact they are not gonna put it in the ultra shows that even they know the 2400 is not fit for their flagship
The first real on device AI assisted phone.  Live Translate and Note Assist seem to have amazing potential.
I think if we allow them to, i believe Samsung will take the Smartphone industry into the Future.
Instant translation to my language, is amazing for texts and other communication!
I'm debating upgrading to this from my S22 Ultra? What yall think?
this epic
I will always wait to hear from Whosetheboss first. Unique style.
One UI 6.1 update will bring AI features to the S23 series.
It is sickening listening to these iPhone fanatics compare the Galaxy Ultra devices to shit iPhones. No iPhone is worth mentioning in the same sentence as a Galaxy device. iPhones aren't one tenth what a Galaxy device is.
Did anyone notice that he used the S23 in the ai editing part
Way better video than mkbhd
Rabbit R1 has more compelling AI features than this (aside from the related AI camera enhancements) hehehehe
This phone is way worth buying over any iPhones that will be released
My country will most likely get the exynos version😂 I'll have to get one from overseas 😂
Lazy recycled design for years now like apple. No way for this ugly, old design no matter what the specs.
AI starts from : 12:08
How can you not mention how most of these 'amazing' AI features were already on, or being simultaneously released on the Pixel line? It's great, but it's odd how the same features got a 'blah' from you when released on the Pixel.
Reinvents glass..... Scratches at level 6 with deeper grooves at level 7, for the last 5 years at least.
This is a huge step for Samsung. I'm actually impressed.
I cant wait for Apple to ivent AI in 5 years
At last he said not a distinction but a pass  Samsung  : 📈📈📈
It is not a shit iPhone, it is a Samsung Galaxy Ultra.  I don't want effeminate rounded corners like a child's play toy.
The german translation at 18:43 is terrible 😆
Very detailed video, but i think it would be useful if you put timecodes to your videos. Like "physical changes", "camera", "battery" etc. and the most important "what's new?". Because I'm here just to know about new "Galaxy AI" concept and other detailed changes aren't interesting.
Your reviews never disappoint.. best review I've seen on the s24 ultra so far..
Finally, a flat screen samsung. I have been waiting so long for this lol. Tempered glass back in action guys 😂
Watching this even if I know I can't even afford  a Samsung S20😢 HAHAHA
Not a fan of the chain ⛓️ when did he start wearing that 😅
Finally i can think to buy s20 ultra now
I think IA knows who squirtle is, the problem is with the copyrights, I just wonder why this type of technology is never adapted for "casual" conversations.
I need your tee shirt 😢 what is it called ?
Im soooo happy for a flat screen
Their a phone with solar charge ing
Watching on my s21 Plus with green line on screen
better than iphone 15 pro?
He’s really good at doing this
How's bixby in Galaxy S24 ultra? Arun, please mention how bixby is in S24 ultra.
0:17 😂😂😂😂😂 there is an actual guy behind him just to receive phone.If he dropped, would he get fired? 😊
I can't believe that there's no Qi2 charging either. It’s the only thing Samsung didn’t rip-off from Apple's iPhone. 😂
Video starts 12:06 A.I.😊
This is insane
i ordered the violet 1tb cus apple products are trash.
I think samsung might have pulled an apple by adding a substantial amount of ai to the phone
I upgraded from S22U to S23U because the change from exynos to snapdragon (in Europe) CPU was a massive upgrade, i'm not impressed by the S24U so im skipping this year and holding on to my S23U which is great
Now i can get a S23 Ultra as the price will drop.. 🤣
Yall checked the price yet? Absolutely dying to get one but wowzers that'll create a dent in my account for sure😂
what if you dont pass the phone?
S24 reminds me of the edge of my old Sony Xperia. thanks for the informations.
I JUST ORDER IT FROM SAMSUNG WEBSITE NICE OFFER FOR STUDENTS TOO ❤
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
That image search isn't new at all.. we've had google lens for awhile.
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
With this S24 I prefer highly what Amazon did with their AWT88K now that is actually smart
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. The AWT88K project by Amazon is way better in all apsects
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
I do wish the form factor would change a bit. The corners, for me and my preference cannot be ignored. It’s an ergonomic nightmare.  But at least they sorted the screen curve!  If they redesign the body in a future model, I’ll almost certainly revert back from an iPhone.
Also saw someone catching the iPhone
we yes yes your an Android guy now love you bro 😊😊😊
Next video will be the testimony if you really had switched to it... 🫣🤭
I feel you should upload the photos taken and include them on the video so the quality of the display doesn't influence the end result in the recording.   Just a suggestion.
i am watching this review as if i can  afford the phone and have funds on my fingertips .....
Look good but for me still s23 ultra look gorgeous than s24 ultra and i still prefer s23 ultra just because of curve display
So half of the video is the new apps implemented in the phone... Why isn't Samsung just put these as downloadable app for s23 version and previous.
08:44 I take it 4K is UHD?
Can he give the other phone that his not using any more😢 from Philippines here
I haven’t had a galaxy since the s7. I kinda want to get it. Apples getting boring
Why does the phone in Thumbnail look like jpg...
Too big
Great video as always, Arun!  My two cents:  I loved it but I don't think it's worth the upgrade if you have the s23 Ultra,  especially since AI is expected to be available for last year's model as well.  As you said, Live Translation is something that needs to be improved. The video shows how it responds to "how are you?" saying "I need to ok", also when you asked "can you hear me?" The reply was "Yes, I can't hear".
I guess Apple now need to stop playing the “I do whatever I want game”. Either it decides to catch up or fall behind. No more favourite child privilege
Samsung is copying iPhone?! They finally realized they can spend less on design for more profit.
Not a big upgrade from 23 Ultra. I'll wait for s25 ultra.
So basically s25 ultra will be a seriously serious phone.
S0 you already use what i have been waiting to know it's launch date ? I can't wait to get here
12:29 in the tech world there's a trend to call things AI but this slo-mo feature is most certainly not AI, and it's just standard interpolation algorithms Samsung has been using in their TV's
Sad that the curved screen era has finished. 😢
Guys let’s get MrWhosetheboss ahead of apple
Sooo glad I got the S23U. I don't regret it now that I know that non of the features mean anything to me. I can chatgpt everything there
You do know that the S23 Ultra with the latest updates has the same widgets and drop-down menu as the S24 Ultra. And we have access to some of the new AI features also.
At 3:26 but when is the space going to increase though. Hate how much less space when it totally doesnt have to ie we are ofc more technology advanced now to have lots of more space.
18:43 I love how you said "it's done well" and then that German translation is just absolute bollocks 😂😂
And people say the iPhone is the same every year
I love the examples with Pokemon. I hope this gets the new insider Rick roll meme of mrwhosetheboss
So basically unless you really crave a flat screen, and the newest processor, it's not really an upgrade from the S23 Ultra. Galaxy AI won't be relevant to most people, and most of its aspects are covered by other, fundamentally better and fully baked apps. I wasn't expecting more, but let's call an orange an orange. It's nothing more than a refinement upgrade, which is nice and there's nothing more we could possibly expect.
I was all for the s24 but I don't like how square it is.
litterley a clone of apples iphone 15
I bet next to noone realized the Rick Roll that happened here. xD
Your fiancee is really beautiful
At 2:51 but bro that boxy design looks so so bad.  Ps : It does look like a brick.
How did you miss ‘a sub to the channel would be… AI-ght?
Samsung waits until new iPhone comes out so they can just copy it😂😂😂
I'll wait for the S30 Ultra.  My S22 Ultra still works fine.
I made the pre order this morning!! Now I watch every video about it until I have mine
At 2:45 but good that you are on the same page as me when it comes to the sharp boxy corner.
I will buy phone for keyboard feature along
Does the front camera unlock banking and other apps etc? Thats the 1 thing the bugs me about samsung
23 minutes of talking yet I can't see any adequate reason to update from 23 Ultra to 24 Ultra 🤨
Oh my goodness!   This is what I called "Proper, Detailed Phone Review"  ARUN, you Just nailed it.     Undisputably the Best!!!🕊️
if ur switching to samsung, y do u have an apple watch?
I just pre-ordered mine. I got the titanium black in 1 TB. I can't wait.
So Google and samsung both have ai. What's Apple going to do now? 😅 they are still behind in a lot of things
Hate it becoming (even) boxier and the side bezels look so large//ie big.
Also the software and security support
iPhone is still better
Too bad titanium is bad at transferring heat vs aluminum. It would be interesting to see a 23 ultra vs 24 ultra performance over time comparison
That Spanish speaker that said "Comete esta señor" JAJSJAJSJSJHS
Switching and going back to iPhone...
Great Review, thanks for that! I have 1 big question though that'd be if the S23 Ultra can do the image-editing stuff completly "onboard"? Like, I kinda expected the S24 to use this cloud based kinda thing like the Google Pixel Pro, which would be quite the (negative) deal for me. So I'm asking if the S23 Ultra is also using the Cloud to process all the editing or is this just on the S24? Greetings from Germany!
Useless paid review
I saw the crawling man behind him catching the phone when he threw the phone.😅 I want 100 likes.
Everything that this guy said I can hear that there's always a shitty comment slapped on at the end. What? trying to find something to de-hype this phone at launch? I don't see you hype as much when the iPhone 15 launched, Oh right. I forgot you are Apple fan more than Android.
i Miss the guy who used to catch phone from behind
Goodbye apple 🚮
This guy is good at what he does I just wish I can get one of his Samsung phones 📱 ❤❤❤ much love from Nigeria 🇳🇬
Great phone, but charging for AI after 2024 is total BS. Read their websites fine print.
s24 Ultra is Samsung's powerfull phone..
I'm assuming they haven't added expandable storage back? If they have though that's pretty big.
i need to switch back to android again.
What about the screen being able to resist burn in?
@12:40 it's called frame interpolation. Most of the latest tv uses that technology.
Bro released a video even before Samsung itself did. (Bro can I have one of those, please?)
Will be more polish with the updates.
It's crazy that at the start of the video, I get an iPhone 15 ad 😅
Seems like it's trying to imitate the Pixel !
The note 10 plus still the best design
Where's the micro sd slot.
There's no one in the comments talking about how 3 generations look the same, this wasn't the case when it was apple, not to mention how they use Apple's features and not a single individual tackled them, if it were the other way around, the internet would be all about that😂... But it is what it is... It's a great device tho! I'm off to finish the video
I just woke up and this guy has already bought it and created a review+edited and uploaded it on YouTube.
Just spend a grand the other day on the s9 ultra tab "to watch YouTube " 😂 absolutely no different apart from screen size to my tab 6 2022 edition! Yeah nicer screen but thats its really lol but needs must for usless tech
Shame they haven't changed the look much. I do have some questions though will the uk also get the snapdragon chip as well and it this enough of jump from the S22 ultra to be worth and upgrade?
I think your pokemon conversation confused the phone for real 😂😂
updated design?? i like how people say that for the samsung when its the same as last 3years but with the iphone everyone is like "Ew that's the same,titanium its a gimmick.."    People love to hate on android and iphone   Get a life😂
No matter how much you praise the new  Samsung  and how technical you get about it with all its capacities and gb ram etc people will never lean towards buying a Samsung or any other Android phone because it's not an iPhone. Literally just as simple as that, it does not matter how much better the phone might be than the iPhone 9/10 people will still choose the iPhone myself included. It is due to the mentality that having an iPhone is deemed as cool. This is I believe mainly due to celebrities they exclusively use iPhone out of their own desire. IPhone is always going to be the superior phone even when it's not (inside) just because it's iPhone and Samsung it's not cool
Thank God they made the screen flat on this phone!  I can't wait to get it in hand!!
At least you should have made this video available to watch after the keynotes 😂
We can't get excited with the AI cause I recently read they gonna make people pay for that so.. 😢
😴.... when AI started processing
Pre ordered mine after the Samsung event today. I was in need of an upgrade from my S21 ultra and resisted the deals on the S23 ultra Verizon was offering because I knew this was coming. Got a $1000 trade value and a free upgrade to 512gb. Can't complain the wait finally paid off.
I will upgrade from the Samsung Galaxy S23 Ultra 5G.  The difference between them is bigger than I expected.
Oh my gosh, Arun has as many subscribers as Marques Brownlee now! Love to see it!
Somehow I really do find many of the Samsung S24 features upgrades are somewhat taken from the Pixel 8 series like the AI features and the camera but I really hope the slow-mo can work well that is a game changer. And Arun guess you will not be switching over from the iPhone to the Galaxy S24 Ultra Entirely since you cannot live without that Apple Watch :)
Im kinda upset i got the s23 ultra, haha. Im not the type of person to upgrade every year. So I probably will have to wait for an s26 ultra or something
After watching so many previews and first impressions I have to admit I really wanted to hear and see your take for me it's the choice of words or for lack of better word "word play" it's always simple and comprehensive and my favorite part when you say a sub to the channel would be 😂and my buddy says you're always inventing new words that will make shakespare turn 😂
Amazingly summarized as always. I've learnt more in these 22 minutes than I did through the whole Unpacked event, as it's so much easier to absorb your way of presenting products. Keep up the great work. Oh, and don't get fooled by the titanium gimmick if they did what Apple did, and just put a thin esthetic layer of titanium on the aluminium chassis.
Im buying this. Ima show my family this too 😂😂 damn samsung 😅
S23 ultra has better design. S24 ultra is like a brick
The end of the day is still a big apple fan. That’s why we love you.❤😂
Dived into, not dove into..
“Eat that sir”. lol.
THIS UPGRADE WOULD BE GREAT IF THERE IS NOW UNDERNEATH SELFIE CAMERA NYAHAHAHHAA
Yeah but we are all on one ui 6 now anyways we all have this stuff already now with the latest update
AI audio response is the best feature... Like talking to someone
Why the F Samsung always copy Apple and Google then try to make it better even tho its worst, Samsung can't go their own way and innovate their tech by themselves ?? ''haha Apple removed the charging block''... Can we remove the changing block ?? yes we can and sell the phone the same effing price or even higher because we kinda save the planet like Apple said even thought its bull**** !! Its nice and about time they copied Apple and Google with the flat screen on their top flagship but the pointy corner again ?? seriously, rounded corner is better if you think about it round corner disperse the shock away from the screen compared of the pointy corner which the impact go directly into the expensive screen this is why we did more Samsung S23 Ultra screen replacement than iPhone 14 series in all 2023.
The way you present it to your viewers is damn so good
Stop wearing so much makeup.
Always slays in his reviews.
Does the guy who caught iPhone 15 pro max get to keep it??????
All AI features should available on previous Ultra (S23 Ultra, S22 Ultra, S21 Ultra, S20 Ultra) almost all this features is Sever Side.. So old devices capable do that too.
Just by looking this preview I felt like i hold the phone just in front of me and doing all the things he said. Very well presentation sir. It's as clear as the 2600 nits of the screen
What a nerd
One thing I love about Iphone is when they release a new phone with a new features, all other Of their old Phones will receive that with update, I hope We will get to use some of these features in our old Samsung Phones, like Galaxy S22 series and Galaxy S23 series, Thank you Arun for Makinv this the best Galaxy S24 review.
7:59 or like live LGBTQ plus people you can’t get a straight answer
I don't know where you get all this energy from, the time and effort you put into your videos just amazes me.
As an iPhone user, my reluctance to switch to Galaxy persists until Samsung can offer an ecosystem that seamlessly integrates like Apple's. The Galaxy Watch 6 Classic falls short compared to the Apple Watch, feeling more like a standalone device than a true companion. Similarly, the Galaxy Buds Pro 2 lacks the noise cancellation and transparency of the AirPods Pro 2nd generation. Switching to Samsung's new devices would currently mean downgrading my overall experience. Here's to hoping that the Z Flip 6, Galaxy Watch 7, and Galaxy Buds Pro 3 will finally allow me to stop drinking the Apple juice.
This is the future and i love it
** “WRITE THIS DOWN WRITE IT DOWN”
new phones now are more software upgrade related more than hardware
BRAKING NEWS ,Samsung copies iPhone 15 😂😂
I really need this phone 😊
How is there no option to trade in a Z Fold 4? They have trade in value for Z Fold 5, and Z fold 3! WTF??
when it comes to A.I i would only use the camera editing but rarely so it doesnt look lime an improvement to me .I was hoping for better battery 5000mh at least!
It's amazing to realize that SAMSUNG being clever that S series numbering scheme is what year it's released on. Like Samsung S24 , year 2024 ...
You should have discussed business or money or coffee or science or math or history or animals or cats or dogs. Why Pokémon? I like Pokémon but in the end, it's just a fantasy.
2:26 praise the lord, lol
The AOD is a 1:1 copy of Apple wow
Problem is you’re gonna have the same shitty customer service with Samsung. And your battery will die out within months or at least drain faster. Samsung sucks
Well that was brilliant..huff very well explained and in such a short time of launching. Almighty 😊
damn those features
I have a question your apple watch ultra will you be doing the switch completely and go with the watch 6 classic now? Its a great watch not long got one but make the full switch get the full Samsung experience
👏👏👏the best reviewer
Voice meeting app 5/10 rating deserves a better review of this function to be honest it feels like you just bashed it based on 2 min conversation about pokemon. Try using it for what its meant for, in context it is meant for and I am sure you will change your opinion.
sad that the sd 8 gen 3 is only in the ultra in the normal and plus we ge a new exynos in europe
Provisual engine sounds like a way for Samsung compensating for Apples’ Photonic Engine lol
Surely half these features can easily be imported to the pervious 2 Ultra's. Probably be in an update. This seems like a launch gimmick.
The corners are much better squared off. And the screen is better now it's flat. Now it looks like a true note.
Does this feel like a "new iphone" review to anyone else? All those new things but at the end of the day it feels like I've just seen the exact same phone as last year
How to mimic iPhone design but holding on your style 😂
They managed to curve the edges beautifully on the s9 ultra tablet i just got so hopefully theyll do something like this on the s25 ultra! Maybe putting near 12000mha battery likenthe s9 would be awesome and keep it the same size as they have they proved it can be done but its like they need to keep some stuff in the bag for later year devices! Like it can be done now but keep that for 2027+
I didnt even know that the s24 ultra was released
No beautiful white color,,?
Ngl Samsung is pulling an Apple, and its kinda sad. I always loved Samsung reinventing the wheel with each phone because I liked the idea of gimmicks. I mean, Nintendo does the same thing as well. But I am worried that the entire AI focus is a turn in the wrong direction. I mean, it barely has any difference to the S23 Ultra (and S22), which is just like an iPhone, a copy, and paste with a bigger price.
well Samsung didn’t have PWM dimming but will be hurt eyes
Same boring design. Samsung has become apple. No sd card, no headphone jack and now 3 years same design. BOOOO
Thank God for the flat screen. Prayers have been answered
This guy breathes new phones and gadgets
22 minutes! I can literally feel the time and effort put into this.
Boring ;[
Can't wait for the S25 Ultra. Polished AI and camera features makes it a full go for me. 😂
3:37 actually the s23 ultra already supported Wi-Fi 7😅
I'm skipping this one, the camera looks to be a downgrade in the zoom department coming from my S22 Ultra. Will wait for S25 next year.
My galaxy A5 (2017) is looking older and older in comparison. I don't know what kind of resistance it was given but it just won't die, I would not be surprised if It still have it in 2030. I wonder how nice phones will be when my cellphone will finally breathe its last.
one minute in and I can't even tell which phone Arun is talking about on screen, and then goes to call the two tone purple nothing but unique? When his own iPhone 14 pro had the exact same colour? Feels like this video is scripted by Samsung to me Edit: also wearing an Apple Watch kinda kills the argument that you're actually moving to Samsung again
Thanks for the consie and precise information.  Can I confirm whether Australia get the Snap dragon on S24 Ultra ?
My S23 Ultra caught microscratches after around 3 months of use... Frankly, I don't think, Gorilla Glass ARMOR will be much better...
The blue same as the fold 5 one is cool and the orange
Typical  Samsung of reducing  the zoom because they can't or won't give you a 10 X with the 200 MP camera instead keep the 5X at 50MP and go with the 200 at 10 X .  All this Ai is all rubbish and isn't in the chip so what's the use if it needs WiFi .
commercial :(
top tier content as always
Im still gonna keep my Samsung s20 plus snapdragon, 12gb ram. With unlimited storage due sdcard slot. Still great phone , still has great camera, i don't see a reason to change. In those past year i just changed my sdcard, to expand my storage, thats all.  Battery is still enough for the whole college day.
Titanium doesn't conduct heat better, its like 10 worse lol
But Chinese phones have had those camera ai image enhancing features for years now. In fact most of the features you mentioned before the ai features are in my phone already since 2 years or so. I'm using an Oppo find x6.
5 hours and 1.2m views. Have been watching yo for years and still you’re awesome 🙌.
Literally just pre booked mine. It'll be here on the 27th and I cant bloody wait! Upgrading from the S22U
He's using an Apple watch while doing this...
I just preorder this phone and i cant wait
Nah I will prefer to stay with my old s21 ultra, doesn't like this design
It's safe to say, not to purchase the S24 ultra as yet, give it some time, and then let's see the improvements before making a purchase.
Why does this look like a promotion, also Ai features only free till 2025? no thanks.
great video. thank you
0:33 sure, first thing i see is the " updated design " , matter of fact it easier for me to notice iphone 12pro from 11pro 😅 lol
Can we appreciate the catch at 0:17 ?
Nah, I liked the curve way too much to move on
same HP2 sensor, same shit. oppo finx x7 ultra and vivo x100 ultra DOMINATE again
Why in all your videos you should praise the iPhone ... Do they pay you to do that?
Samsung's display getting flatter is kinda disapointing to me, its the part that makes it so iconic and beautifull
iphone is still unbeatable by this s24 thing
Apple: 2000 nits of brightness Samsung: We just gave you the prototype lil bro
Apple wanna be again. This time shamelessly copied
amazing how he basically said "the S24 has sharper edges than the S23" while making it sound better
2:44 Billion dollar global insight for movie, anime, real life or thesis - make and sell third party foam, plastic, metal or silicone phone case for Samsung Galaxy S24 and S23 Ultra phones to fix the sharp corners problem where the phone case have 4 very rounded corners. Check with international patent lawyers, to make phone cases with colours that exactly match the S23 and S24 phone colours.
Samsu g is really starting a new battle for ai editing AI power even translating different languages
Cool stuff... but im still happy with the S22 Ultra.
10 x to 5x ? Dud its stupid thing ever
I got orange
wow 1M views in 5 hours?
Yo you posted a review on s23 almost the same time as Marques Brownlee, you have more views!
Well, iPhone 15 Pro Max has got a USB-C tho.
Titanium is not a good heat transfer material. it blocks the heat.
Anyone upgrading from s23 ultra? In Canada they're offering $1160 trade in value and 0% interest... trying to resist fomo but that trade in tho
Astounding review from Arun, as usual. In my opinion, this smartphone has a lot of gimmick as new features. They're just using jargons to make it sound like a new feature, the design is not impressive, it looks just the same as the old design (to be honest😒). Yes, new chipset, new material, new screen, new here and there but it looks  just the SAME. They're like iPhone... pretty boring...😑
There really is something for everyone with Samsung. I’m an 15 pro user but I still have a fold 3 that I just cannot let go. I still use it more than this 15 pro.
Gonna keep my S23 Ultra till the S26 is out, will it still work well till then?
What’s a rooter?
We never liked a curved screen, it made screen protectors a pain and created a light line on the curve. Flat screens were missed so much! AI isn't needed by most although the instant slow-mo and pre-recorded video could be cool. How often would I use it? About as much as the super zoom. I would rather have a crazy bright flashlight and well loud speakers, oh and much faster charging.
Como esta señor -> "Eat that sir" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
So basically Beta test their AI and then after 2025 they charge you a fee to use it lol
A lot of these AI things could be added to the previous models as well with software, I`m not really sure if these things will work on S23 or S22, but it should
Going from 240hz touch sampling rate to 268.8 is absolutely worthless. They should have doubled it by now, especially if they're going to market to gamers, and do things like sponsor Call of Duty mobile. It's tragic going from playing on 720-960hz TSR down 240-268hz in an fps game. To make such AI advancement while sticking to a TSR from 4 years ago is an absolute joke.
I don’t mean to start some android vs ios war here guys but it’s really ironic how they keep mocking apple and talking crap about it then actually copying the exact same things apple does After all both phones are great in their own way and i believe it’s just personal preference what u choose to buy
Just checked.  And wow. They raised the price almost 400 dollars over the 23U... That may be a blunder on their part
Wow! They did a great job with making the AI features fit with the rest of the phone!
2:48  I've always had this struggle 😪
for me is not worth to  buy yet.. looks like stil need some fixing.
I like how his Apple Watch was just sitting on his wrist ready to be shoved in a drawer. Lol
man i love this dude
I'm watching this on my samsung a32. Manifesting this year, i could get my hands on the new s24 ultra!!!😅
Good Samsung has made a phone that can compete with Pixel.
I've rarely seen Arun so excited :)
Why are you wearing apple watch instead  of samsung galaxy watch ?
The Ai photo editor seems good to have on a phone
They pulled the "non US base S24 and S24 Plus get Exynos" card again. What a dissapointment.
19:32 19:32 19:32 19:32 19:32
🔥🔥
Give this S24 Ultra away to me...
🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
🔥🔥
🔥🔥
🔥🔥🔥
s24 vs huawei p70 und xiaomi 14
🔥🔥
Of all things mentioned here, the one I am most drawn to is weirdly the glass that is 75% less reflective, because I am pro matte. That I got to see.
The curved screen looked more premium tho😔
🔥🔥
Next week he'll be back on the iPhone 🙄🥱 because he'll miss iMessage
🔥🔥🔥
Great overview
There's a new phone?
Im getting the Samsung Galaxy S25 Ultra next year!
The fact that he got 3 times more views than Samsung YouTube account itself. They spent millions of dollars on creating their ad, here he delivered more info in half of the cost.  Kudos!
Samsung is an innovation company, not a copy and paste
Tomorrow you will surely see a drop test video 😂😂😂
Nice maybe an upgrade picture of the moon😂😂😂
I just got an ad for the s24 ultra clicking on this video
I have a spare Galaxy S4 I can trade in to get $1000 worth of bill credits if I do a 3 year agreement. Currently using a S20
£12000 poubds for a phone are u fukin mad
Boss waiting for 15promax vs 24ultra 💆🏿💆🏻
Dang!
Great review love this one
15 pro max or S24 ultra .. should i switch iPhone to Samsung need your suggestions guys
You know what? someone needs to do it, who gives a crap about how thick the phone is and how heavy. if you made it heavier and thicker. its still damn light and thin to what we used to have. you would have the best battery life on the planet by far if you didnt care about how thin you can get the phone, the thinner you go, the weaker it gets. everyone needs to stop being such babies about how thick a phone is. suck it up princesses!
i hope they replied "you know the rules and so do i "
Not a fan of the edges too
Pixel has way better AI features
Judging a new phone with a new imperfect feature feels so wrong to me It's new, let's wait it will grow and get better. It's a new initiative idea... it needs time
About six years ago, I purchased the Samsung  galaxy S8 plus and I really like the phone. Unfortunately I did crack the screen and the carrier was going through screwed up the insurance, so I went back to iPhone. They more than an iPhone ever cents. Recently found my 8+ and got it up and running again been playing with it as the wild stuff is still can’t do nowadays but a lot of stuff you can rekindle my love for Samsung phones. I remember now why I really like the phone to begin with. I say all that say this. I Rocky iPhone 15 Pro Max. But I am really considering this year going to S 24 ultra or waiting a year and maybe going to the S 25 ultra. Maybe by the S 25. I’ll have these AI issues worked out a little better. I also like the whole translation idea. And maybe by the S 25 they’ll have a lot of that worked out more.I don’t need to switch over just yet. So I’ll keep an eye out and see if things get better on the front. Probably more than likely to get the 25 ultra when it comes out if a lot of things that were mentioned in this video have been improved and brought up to a better and higher standard.
I just can't help but think if Samsung had an in-house chipset, their AI would be better. Snapdragon is great, but it is still not specifically made to function with Samsung (even with the 'for galaxy' bit). Take Pixel and Tensor. Just two generations, and they're way ahead. iPhone would soon join the pack, and you know it will be great.
i doodle on my 22 ultra, and used to doodle on my note 10+ at the time the curved glass always looked so good, but felt so bad to draw on cause you'd have to always avoid the edges
thanks for the spec ! It would be nice to have a comparison with the Pixel 8 in terms of camera, speed, AI, etc
If Samsung was the only Android phone I'd have an. iPhone. Thank goodness for Google Pixel.
Change your phones more then your undies😂😂😂
If this was an Iphone, all the Android fans would be saying "uhh... It's the same phone as the previous year..."
Id rather wait foe s30+ to release. This is not enogh of an upgrade
Is it worth the upgrade from the S23 Ultra?
the war will shift from cameras to AI.
Basically what Samsung did what to integrate AI technology with the UI of the galaxy, that’s it. Soooo the technology is from google and Samsung just uses it. Cool guys… and people still complain about Apple not changing anything 🤦🏻‍♂️
Should I pre-order one?
Yayyyy, he's switching back😂❤
"One more thing"   remember when Apple was groundbreaking?   This stuff is incredible and I, for one, am stoked to see it evolve.  I wish the fruit company would get on board as I'm locked into that ecosystem.
Do u guys think it's worth the upgrade from s22 ultra? Dont mind the price point just asking from an upgrade perspective? Lmk what u guys think!
Can't they just do this via software update for the 23U?
This looks awesome 🙂
Based on the translation from english do german, seen at 18:40, I think the translation sucks xD It seems to have a very "word for word" approach when it comes to translating. That doesn't really work with most languages. I'd love to see what the AI'd do when it had to translate from english to japanese or something. It'd probably wreak havoc on what was actually said and turn it into some nonsenical gibberish xD
0:17 Nice catch!
Alright we've reached smartphone peak
I love your channel so good and enjoyable!!!
The best mobile phone right now!
No, curved screens are trash, I have the brightness set to like 10%, all the time, use sapphire glass. It's 2024 make the camera level with the case.
faster than i can even realise there's a new phone
Music @22:00 ???
Please add the flash/torchlight always on icon so I can take photos in dark area.
Flat Screen ☑️ Curve Screen ✅
Now we need pixel 9 pro with 8 gen 3
Glad that Samsung have made certain changes such as the widgets and integrated Ai. They really putting Apple on the back foot and I’m looking to upgrade my iPhone this year, hopefully they’ll come out with something refreshed instead of the same 💩 they’ve released the past 3 years
Exynos again. Fuck them, time to switch brand.
I hate macintosh curved edges  👍
It’s Good Looking But With Curve Screen It Would Look Even Better
Another year another crappy phone 😑
I've pre ordered my S24 Ultra tonight, purple, delivering next Wednesday, can't wait! Cheers! ❤😊
Bro please can stop back round music
Just Pre Ordered the S24 Ultra after 12 years of usage of an old Galaxy NOTE 2.  I feel like im going back in the world after years of caverns and jungles.
I like boxcy shape ❤
cant wait for iphone 16 this year
The curved screens are over, you never get a decent tempered screen protector and if anyone can point me in one for an S23 Ultra I'll be your best mate.  Flat screens are just nicer, always thought so. Not even mad that the lower models have blatantly ripped off the iPhone form factor either, always thought it was a great design.
I´d rather wait for the Pixel 9 or 10 to see where the AI goes.. I don´t see myself upgrading from the Pixel 7 to anything else soon.
Samsung just copy paste iPhone
Titanium is worse at conducting heat then aluminum. 1:38
over 1 & 1/2 mil in 5 hrs …
Cool and all! Now can you ship it to me??
I don’t think this phone is supposed to be done for Pokémon lol I think it’s supposed to be for regular meetings. And regular conversations from what it sounds like. It might get there one day to be able to understand things out of Pokémon or whatever but right now it’s specifically sound like it’s for meetings. Actual business meetings of our regular conversations with normal words lol.
.
cough cough, google did it first, cough cough.
Eh, I don't like what they did with the music slider in landscape mode. You can no longer seek through your music like in One Ui 5 and thats a big downgrade as you have to go into the music app youre listening to to go back and forward into a song.
Just waiting for the next Iphone VS Samsung video!
imagine frame gen on a phone 🤯
I would still take the iphone 15 pro just because of the software. I prefer it much more over all other phones.
Another fantastic review. With all the hard work you put into each video you really breakdown each part and if they are better or worse. What works and what needs improvements. I am wondering if it is worth it to upgrade from the S23 Ultra to the S24 Ultra or wait for the S25 Ultra as I am still paying off the S23 Ultra?
I can't justify the money for what you get over the 23 ultra. It's basically the same phone. They just pulled a classic apple move on us.
Galaxy s24 ultra is the pinnacle of android customization beside Pixel 8
Be Aware in the fine print Samsung states that their AI is free UNTIL 2025. After 2025 it is not free and is available by subscription.
Idk, still not convinced I should upgrade my S22 Ultra or not.
On the date of launch, he gave us a bunch of details we wouldn't hear from other reviewers
As a s23ultra owner I'm not impressed. Seems like my phone but loads of Ai stuff. Meh 😑
Ok
Does it have SD memory expansion?  That's why I'm still hanging on to my old Note 20 Ultra
i saw some samsung fanboys making fun of apple’s always on display but the always on display on samsung s24 looks awfully familiar 🗿🗿🤣
Ight I might switch from apple
1:37 Wrong! Aluminum, with a thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K, outperforms Titanium, which has a thermal conductivity of just 17.0 W/m-K. Due to this, Aluminum is often used in applications requiring effective heat dissipation, such as heat sinks and cookware.Oct 19, 2023 For example, although titanium remains strong at high temperatures, it doesn't easily dissipate heat, which can cause heat build-up in the metal, straight from google lol
I’m an anroid guy and I been recently moved to iPhone by my family cause they all use apple products, and to be honest I’m struggling. “Why is apple so difficult???” Anyway the S24 ultra in black but if there was a red version “DEAD”clear case(if available) black matching headphones(Samsung)let’s not stop there all black smart watch red accents. Black tshirt to make the red phone stand out
Already pre ordered 😎✊🏽
At this point, what iphone does is being the market tester for samsung. Samsung will wait if iphone's innovations get well received by the market. If they do, samsung will put them in their phones.
Thanks for the detailed review
Bro why I watched this video why I have s23 ultra 😢😂
Samsung being Samsung by copying apple’s design and releasing unfinished features whilst Apple wait generations later to release the same feature refined. 🤔
Flat screens are better because the spen and curves don't work.
3:53 two samsung devices Identical to  each other EXCEPT the weather
Once the software is rolled out to the S23, it really doesn’t leave much to justify upgrading from last year’s model.
can you do a camera social media test and compare it to the iphone please
As a Pixel 8 Pro user, seeing the new S24U, made me feel relaxed about my decision with the Pixel, everything about the new galaxy phone, feel like a more dressed up version of the Pixel lol
Who’s the f edit your video brp😢. The fade in transition so annoying
hey guys abt the "double the storage" thing, let's say i buy the max 1tb storage, will they make it 2tb or not?
No offence to Samsung or apple users but this feels like the response to apple's lack of outward changes while including new features that will no doubt be hit or miss to most users
Why do channels with iphone bias even get to review Android products?  Can we count the amount of backhanded complements he says throughout this video??
Is there the chats app for iMessages
the AI just like : "Broo, why pokemon 😂".
Well I'd consider ceramic shield from apple a competition to gorilla glass. I mean they both have completely different markets, where ceramic shield is only on iPhones and gorilla glass is on androids, but I think samsung (or corning in that case) definitely wanted to say that gorilla glass armor is 4x more scratch resistant as ceramic shield  /s
so i guess it's time to buy the s23 since it's gonna get cheaper lol
Hahaha nice try samsung, try macedonian, no other ai, app or anytheeng doesn't want or can translate exepct google translate
Here's a friendly reminder that you probably don't need this
Damnit. I just bought my s23 ultra last month to replace my note 10.
If you are a gaming person, don’t buy Samsung. My utter disappointment was gaming on s23u.
My only question i have is are you going to take the ultra 2 watch off and start wearing Galaxy gear?
Nice. Your move Apple.
I love how AI works and am afraid for the future at the same time. 😨
Beautiful video aron❤........this is a very very proper break down👏🏾👏🏾
Samaung needs a new marketing department. This 22 min video was more engaging to watch than the the the entire samsung unpacked 2024.
I wish i were rich, so i could buy it right After the test 😢
Hand indentation😂😂
I'm waiting for jerryRig phone testing 😊
The year just have started but the competition is over 😆
Basically s24 galaxy ai is super new and unpolished, as a s22ultra user, I guess I gotta wait another year for the s25 or maybe even the s26
I have s23 ultra and i wont buy s24 ultra, but what i saw i this video mobile is extremely  fast
I will be upgrading from my 21 ultra this year for sure!!!!
18:39  Wow, the "keyboard chat translation" into German was horrible. It was basically a word for word translation like with the first internet translators. 😅 There was nothing "AI" about it.
Just the dynamic island and action button is left for Samsung to copy
Makes the iPhone look like it’s from 2007, oh wait….. it is. At least the galaxy flagships have moved on from their 2010 days year on year.
The flat screen is exactly what I've been wanting from Samsung. I've never had an iPhone but the fact that it has a flat screen was such a big win for them imo. I also prefer the rounded edges over the box look of the Galaxy's. How exciting.
Its not a real upgrade if you can cut out the noise and hype
Gorilla glass armor scratches at a level 6 with deeper grooves at level 7
Completely switching from iPhone to s24 while wearing an apple watch ultra during the whole video.. 😏
Even though I want to get this beautiful phone, I can’t coz of Android OS. It is not fluid as ios and ios apps are better designed and look more polished. Also, don’t believe this youtuber. He said in the beginning he will switch to Samsung but he is wearing an apple watch. Bro, who are making fool? Apple has just captured us unfortunately
3:23-3:25 The way he talked and kind of how he acted really strongly reminded me of boyinaband
I have an S21 plus. would i notice a big difference with speed and smoothness with this phone? does the screen and color look a lot better?
Very interesting translate features. Google translate seems to have been laying the groundwork for these features for many years but great to see Samsung pushing it even further
I pray they fix the auto correct. Its actually the worst auto correct I've ever used. It just doesnt understand basic words like correcting "doesnt" to "does" rather then the obvious word it was meant to be, "doesn't"
The problem is samsung did not know Pokémon names as English words
I Really Wanna Know What The Microphone Sounds Like  Also.. Man.. Leaving Headphone Javks Behind Is Gonna Be A Pain For Me.. Since I Often Charge My Phone And Listen To Music At The Same Time  I Hope The Headphone Jack Will Someday Come Back In 4-5 Years
Mine will live in an otter box
Xperia S24 Ultra
18:40 the translation of  «Hey how you doing, long time no speak! We're no strangers to love»  to  «Hey, wie es dir geht, lange nicht sprechen! Wir sind keine Fremden zu lieben.»  is honestly worse than google translate, I would understand the first sentence, but for the second phrase i would have no clue what it should mean. For english speakers the translation feels like the fallowing sentence: «Hey how it you goes, long not speaking!» The second part makes zero sense to translate word for word.  Google Translate would translate it to the fallowing: «Hey, wie geht es dir, lange nicht gesprochen! Die Liebe ist uns nicht fremd» This is a million times better.
Maybe my screen wont break so easily now that its a flat screen 😊
This is so cool 🔥🔥
THE BEST thing they did is the flat screen
Dammit. Imma have to buy it now..my Mrs will kill me again
00:17 – Did anyone notice the poor guy in the background whose job it was to catch his iPhone? 😂
Sad Samsung has copied all the things we didn't need from apple. I always use a case so the color and look of the back doesn't matter much. No sd card in their last few phones is sad to see. My s10 and s20 from years ago allows 1TB card for all my old photos/videos. But the S24 you'll have to pay $1200+ for half of that space. Samsung use to be the best androids back in the day S1-S4. Now they just want to suck as much money out of us as they can. Most of those AI feature could easily be on older phones via software updates. They are just gatekeeping.
This guy posted his review 2 hours faster than samsung posting introduction to the phone 😂
So anything new that samsung didnt „steal“ from apple is a gimmick, good to know.
We all know what happened to the iPhone 15 pro max when they used titanium
the website says live transaltion needs a constant internet connection
Dang~ the galaxy ai just unpacked and mrwtb already had this uploaded hands on🎉
why do people go on about the sides and colours on phones when  no one ever uses them without a case so really doesn't matter , you will have to get rid of that iwatch if you are switching over  to samsung ..........
Those white transitions that are on every scene. They hurt my eyes watching in the dark
"Apps Will Fly"
Just wait until Apple 🍎 16 drops, and then you'll hear how much better it is than the S24 Ultra. These reviews are always the same, in my opinion. Go crazy about Samsung now specs are great now until the Apple 🍎 16 drops. He is an Apple fan, not an android fan. Please remember that
I notice that they blamed the removal of the 3.5mm headphone jack on it preventing them from making their phones thinner, and have now made a thicker phone.
lots of breakthroughs that'll be AWESOME... on s25.
I need one for free 😢😢😢
Tbh, I refuse to believe that this could not be implemented to an s23 ultra or an s22 ultra. I mean they could have released this as an s23 ultra R or something and it would still be a stretch to call it a new device. There are zero features which require a new gen hardware. It feels like at this point these manufacturers are just taking us for a ride and not even trying to hide it
S24 ultra = S23 Ultra + chatGPT
22 MINUTES out of a phone that is exactly the same as last year 💀💀💀 Dude is trying to milk it as much as possible
nice
While i was watching this video i heard my Note 9 screaming from my left pocket...Noooo....Noooo...Don't you dare buy the new 24 Ultra 😂😂😂 It's time for King Note 9 to retire 😁 Great video as always
Luckily for my budget, this thing is not worth the upgrade.
A design which sony used on its early XA2 series ie those flat bottoms ..we are comparing apples and oranges but sony did actually think about its design on the model i mention and it was an aluminium chassis. never really liked samsung maybe its because the build was never to my liking but this seems better.
Can you show the new always on display? I want to see if it added new clocks and colors.
SAME THING BUT MORE EXPENSIVE. 🤮 SAME AS APPLE.  ADIOS SAMSUNG.
Pre ordered mine when event started didn't even touched display models 😂
So widgits will come to the S24 Ultra now without Goodlock? I'm using Goodlock on my S23 U to get them now.
As a language teacher, I am scared
It‘s like he shows two exactly same phones and tells that they are completely different…
Next Gen AI meeting.. The phone starts mocking the people you are talking to.. :)
Great review as always. It’s not easy to be creative when it’s nearly the same Phone as the previous year. And the compagny behind  gorrila glass should Just stop telling the same marketing bs (sorry) every year .
Good point on 100 zoom .I might keep my 23 ultra
Gorilla glass is dog crap, no matter what version of it they use. The best upgrade they could ever do would be to switch to something else.
One UI drastically needs a visual redesign. 6 was a nice small step, but we need new icons and visual identity! I really think their home screen design cheapens the software to the average consumer. Most don’t customize. Swipe navigation also needs to be the default for advertising, especially if you want to steal away iPhone customers
lol this video sold me on this phone better than samsung...
Currently im still using my 20 ultra becuase i love the curve and i hate the pen but looks like ill just have to get use to having a pen
I LOVE when Samsung comes up with innovative ideas because that only means that iPhone is going to come through with a working version in about a year or so
Great video!
Edit - 10:49 that actually looks alot worse unfortunately...  Idk how I feel about the Switch to the flat display. I'm wanting to upgrade out of my s22Ultra bc it has genuinely been a mess, have had it since a week before launch & it has had issue after issue. My s10+ was way more reliable but ik alot of the issues I have were fixed in the s23Ultra but my favorite feature of these phones are the curved display. Yea it makes screen protectors kinda annoying but it's such a nice unique premium feature & I feel like it is a huge L that the s24Ultra is gonna be losing it smh. I might not even trade out yet & just see if they bring it back with the s25 series.
7:38 😂
Why did you use the US spelling gray instead of the correct English, grey?
Totally agree. AI is galaxy-crazy and you shouldn't provide it any personal info. Let it be a tool that helps you, not something that helps someone spy on you.
ok, cool, but wheres the sd slot? there isnt one... i will pass
I waited months for the phone to be announced, I was so hyped about the s24. Seeing Pokimane onstage was the point I chose to go back to iOS.
Pov:me watching the video like I could afford the phone😂
Is S24 using Qualcomm Chip in Europe as well?
7:11 Sadly, it seems that it doesnt have 24mp photos by default, that would have been a great improvement.
It never beat the iphone even if samsung made the phone out of solid gold he say it marks up because it get finger prints.  He on the  apple pay role
S24 Pro Max! Love it! Kudos to samsung for copying Apple at the things that actually matter!
Disappointing.. seeing for 3 years its looks the same ...aight..improvements but isn't worth of buying if u have..a 22..
Noooo we lost him to android again
Same old sh1t with Ai and a new chipset Anyhow, Keep up the good work Arun...
Why no qi2 magnetic charging Samsung 😩
18:07 Circle to Search - how doe it work when gestures are enabled?
Imagine if they gifted me 😅
Can't believe you're a "rounded" borders person 💀
Cant wait until i try this phone in about 4 years when the price will drop enough
0:13 this guy has no shame, literally no shame at all. Selling his dignity for money. He’ll be back on iPhone right after the shoot. He is an iPhone guy, he will use iPhone even if its worse than competition just because it has apple logo
This dude could make a video about wood interesting
Well done samsung pushing tech to the max
I am still happy with s22 ultra ❤
This guy loves iphone. He does not no why samsung bothers making phones when you have Iphones. Lets be fair no phones bends like Iphone.  For him Iphone rules regardless what samsung does.
His watch says it all..
"real hand indentation". Heaven's sake, get a grip.
"Aluminium", lol
Aww man. I want my curved bezel.
This man can never go straight to the point
Still have the shitty icons..
It is an amazing and complete model that can be called the best. I can't wait to get my hands on this!
Looks the same Completely different inside
I thought he would do rog 8 first.
Oh well i am still keeping my S22 ultra.
Asian version is exynos 😢
I can bet there is a guy underneath that table catching those phones as he throws them.
Best hands on I've seen in a Long Time!
Time to quit Samsung They don't trade in Zfold4.  It is a candidate to be the worst customer service company.  They do not take back the phone they made themselves.  What nonsense.  When marketing, say it well and be superior.  And then this treatment.  It seems like it's time to quit Samsung.
Its actually a cool phone. It's even sadder now to see how far behind my iPhone is
He blew a huge chance to rickroll us at listening to music at 11:49 😅
I have S22Ultra at the moment and I am not sure should I upgrade it now? or wait for S25Ultra.  Would you consider upgrade from S22Ultra to S24Ultra?
Aluminum is around 12X more thermally efficient than Titanium, so Titanium does not improve the thermal performance of the phone.
Watch Apple implement ai 5 years later.
Is this an ad or actual views?
The name of this video should be "like the iPhone" 💀
I was sold on the new S24 Ultra, and then Pokimane came onstage this was the turning point i will just get an iPhone.
Bonjour, est ce que L'IA du s24 ultra sera déployé sur le s23 ultra ? Merci d'avance 😊
PLEASE test the Exynos version of the S24(+) It's important to know as Europeans if we're getting fooled or not
John Conner is rolling over in his grave...we've learned nothing from Kyle Reese sacrificing his life for us. You've been warned. Example. S24Ultra language translation tech has made human translators obsolete 😮😂
Apple is taking notes for the aiPhone.
On board ai software 😮 soo if i buy the half tera variant the usable storage is gonna be 100gb?
"The screen is 4x stronger than the competition" Doesn't samsung make the competition's screen?
I really would like to know what AI models that samsung is using for all those AI things. Like I guess that it is all based on google AI's for example: the message generation thing is probably powered by bard but it would be nice to know for real
Can't wait for all of this software crappie to make its way into the S23 Ultra via the next OTA. Better phone still by far, won't be changing anytime soon 👍🏼
Garbage
Don't get me wrong, I like your videos. But every year that I see your videos seems that who writes your script is so excited about the new phone that you have huge urge to convince us that this new phone is a huge game changer, when we both know that these upgrades are mostly 20% better than last year. "This is a game changer in the last 10 years..." - yeah you say this on every phone launch, just in a different way.  So, as a fan of your work in another type of videos I'll humbly ask, be honest and not biased like you sound in these videos. If the video is sponsored, at least say this in the beginning, so we know that you're being biased because of money, which would be fine.  Much love ❤
Flat screen is way better. The curve was a gimicky mess. The S-pen never worked near the curved edges and it was super annoying.
dude phones have more ram than my actual laptop at this point
Feels like yesterday i got my S22 Ultra, now we're on the S24! 😮
Nice! 💜
Now I know how android guys fell when we (iPhone user) talk about the new iPhone design that is the same
waiting for your review ❤❤❤
Boycott Starbucks
Such a good video and this shows that ai is powerful
Hold on, I can't find the always on display he mentions OneUI 6.1 added
Sorry to say that but the "chat translation" is soo bad. The translation to german in your scene is worse than Google translate 15 years ago😂
same phone
Am I stupid? I just purchased an s23 ultra 2 days ago 🤬🤬
My guy.... I'm not even remotely exaggerating here, at all. Not only does my Note 20u look identical to the "software you now finally love so much" in the UI... but the AI photo editing, where you can hold and grab a subject from the photo and all that... I've had that for like 2 years at least... identical. That's not AI there.... Promise. Just look into it.. try my claims..... Promise they're true. Also, you should know this already.
Seeing this video from my s23 ultra and searching for any reason to switch 😅
I’ve been an iPhone guy all my life… S24 Ultra though…. I would give it try!
What's the HBM rating then? (High Brightness Mode)  If 2,600 nits is now the peak for outdoor sunlight usage then what the hell is the nit rating for HDR content??  Before they used to be two separate ratings as you can see on GSM Arena's website.  The HBM rating used to be for outdoors in sunlight while the peak brightness rating was for watching HDR content.
I appreciate you 👐🏿  Your reviews are the best . Though I can't afford to get my hands on any of these phones, I just enjoy knowing about them.
DAAAAAAAAAAAANG IT...WHY ARE THEY SO OPPOSED TO A SEXY CRIMSON RED COLOR??????? I've been waiting for that to come back since the S3 over a decade ago. And yet iClone does? Because,even though I hate to say it, Apple actually listens to the customer and what many of them want to see.   And yes, I checked the site and no red. 🤬
10:16 the poor person who got their license plate exposed
Pro visual engine 😂😂😂 Apple decided to shamelessly rip off Apple. Even the proprietary technical mumbo jumbo.😂😂😂 I love it.
Never trust a guy wearing an Apple Watch tell you about Android. They are most likely up to their neck in the Apple ecosystem and can't think straight.
Samsung has set the precedent for 2024. Hope other brands take inspiration from them.
BUT STILL AN APPLE FAN BOY
While the SD 8 Gen 3 is definitely one of fastest ARM SoCs on the planet, it's still a bit disingenuous to say it's faster than the A17 Pro since neither of the two were designed for/are able to support the other's intended OS. As such, even when trying to use Geekbench as a sort of "middle ground" to benchmark the two in an equal manner, it's still not quite a 100% accurate representation seeing as both chips will always interact with apps/programs designed for their target OS differently. It will always be this way unfortunately, since Apple SoCs do not inherently support the ability to perform instructions based on anything other than iOS/iPad + Mac OS. That being said, however, I'd still argue that the SD 8 Gen 3 has the potential to outshine the A17 Pro since I'm willing to bet that any smartphone manufacturer that's planning to use it for their phones will make sure to implement a proper cooling solution so that the chip does not thermal throttle (unlike Apple and the lackluster cooling system inside the 15 Pro & 15 Pro Max...)
Provisualisation = Mrwhosetheboss cannot find algorithm tricks used on moon photos 😀
This AI idea reminds me of the first foldable that samsung made, big things coming to the phone world
This does feel like a step up and a new dawn of integrating AI into the common man's hands. Good review.
What if the guy behind the desk missed the catch? Lmao.
I’m switching my iPhone 14 Pro Max to this and the classic 6 watch. iPhone will have two of these features in ten years. Def looks like a fun phone. Being a tecky the iPhone works yes but that’s it. Blah blah blah. I tried the 15 and it’s the same blah. I’m sure the 16 will have AI. better chip camera n that’s it. O maybe 8k. I don’t get it. I even have the ultra watch.  BORIJG AND ITS Ugly. Compared to the classic 6 omg beautiful Samsung watch. Wow. Great review.
lol so the only selling point is software related which will be added to last year's devices too
My s23 ultra is uncool now😢
I'm sorry but curved screens are not better, they have always been more problematic to me than flat displays. And they look very dated now. So it's a step in the right direction for me.
ahh yes flat screen
So now Samsung is totally copying iPhone?
Oh no, with these new blanket term naming techniques, Samsung is stepping closer to Apple in that regard...
4hours 1M views, amazing
But the thing is that google already came up with a lot of the features a year ago .Samsung is just late , nevertheless Samsung has again created an incredible phone
So it's basically doing what the Google Pixel 8 does 🤷🏼‍♂️
Onething i have observed about you is, even if samsung make phone made of Gold and Diamond you shall still have trouble with why they chose Gold and Diamonds. Don't be so bias.
I can't wait for the S23 series to receive this through an update
It seems like AI will make people useless. What a awesome future.
2700 nits is crazy. You should leave the phone on full brightness a few hours to see the burnoff. amoled screens can have the foot print of the keyboard on the screen when the keyboard is left at full brightness for many hours. like this message like that other people can see it.
The Oneplus 9 Pro, a 3 year old  phone, could already shoot 4K 120fps. Not trying to compare here, just found it a weird thing to be excited about, as if it were new and spectacular, which it.. isn't.
Brilliant 🎉 thank you.
This is the most I've been underwhelmed I can remember. A huge PASS. 10x zoom is the only thing that made it "better" than Apple.
Dang you got a mil views in 4 hours!!
Noo don’t switch from iphone
100 zoom needs to go its pointless. Stick to 30
TM Roh is allegedly retiring later this year.  THAT'S the best news of all.  S25 Ultra is the phone to wait for in 2025 if it comes with Oryon cores and a 1-inch camera sensor.
How will Circle to Search work with swipe navigation instead of 3 button navigation?
I got a hands on also, freaking excited for it, but I don’t see it as massive upgrade from my 23 ultra or my 13 pro max. Anyone else that’s been thinking about getting an android phone, I really think this is the one to get!
Yet everyone uses a case and colors and such dont matter. As for the Samsung software.. don't care.. I remove it all if I can. I use Launcher10 as I STILL Want a Windows Phone experience. That said the AI stuff.. Hmm..
Still happy I have ordered the Rabbit R1 , it has much better contextual language understanding .
AI is free till 2025 than Samsung will charge extra money monthly for it? So no thanks! And again with the shjit exynos wrong policy? So no thanks! 👎
Bet the camera is no different from other phones tbh
They should focus on text search like iPhone where its just a swipe, here I have to make 2 click and its annoying . Also sometimes, Samsung pay don't work at all out of nowhere.
Pre ordered/ traded in my s22 ultra because of this ❤
I'm so tempted to trade in my s22 ultra and buy it for 879
Omg it looks like the Sony Xperias back in the day
mnah, gonna swap from my Xperia 1V only for Huawei P70 Pro ( maybe art edition with 1 inch sensor) wanted to make a preorder, changed my mind. thank you for review, garbage camera + software AI
I Pre Ordered the S24 Ultra with 1 TB storage today, im really exited to finally get it😃
SAMSUNG FINALLY WENT FLAT LFGGGGG
Literally the best and most complex reviewer we have! Thanks for your work
tbh no curve no purchase. rip I'll keep my s23 ultra.
Anyone knows if AI features will work on S23 Ultra?
I can’t wait to be able to afford this 5 years from now when it’s no longer relevant 🥲
Hi arun
I hope you're ok showing that phone number to the world. 🫣
The 24 plus seems to be the sweet spot this year IMO. Same specs as the ultra minus the 200mp camera and spen (that i never use anyway even on a fold)
Glass, how much has it changed for the last 5 years, while yearly they upgrade the model name
Shitty Exynos in base models again makes it more appealing to buy last years models (except the Ultra which still comes with the superior Snapdragon)
does europe have snapdragon?
Its amazing how he goes into every detail and explains everything Arun just put in so much more effort than any other reviewer I've seen amazing
Will that convice the apple fanboys that their blue bubble BS is not worth it and they're missing out? Doubt it
Flat display is back 😭😭😭
Looks just like S22 ultra & S23 ultra. 😂😂😂  same exact phones.  The software will be updated to the s22 & s23 also, so what's really different.  You can now get the s22 ultra for about $400 & the S23 for about $750-800 max.  Cheaper price, same good ass phones👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
For no exaggeration this year Samsung really are amazing. 😮😮😮😮😮 I need to buy this phone :D but still I love to much my s22 😂
Is it just me but the tables have turned, Now samsung has no upgrades and Apple now acctually has features worth upgrading
but it's $1400+ 💀🙏
Wow i was here watching this video with 955k views  Haven't finished the video its 1m+ wow 😮
But do you have to pay a subscription for the Ai??
Guys …Arun is wearing a wedding ring😮😊
I love aaron ❤
I’ve used Samsung for several years, and ai..Samsung,, if they handled this like bixby..anyway commenting before watching
If we can disable the AI across the device maybe I'd think about it. I don't social media and leaving the app to search is fine with me.
I mean … we all know the ai won’t work that well and we will get bored and won’t use it again after 1-3 weeks
Good video but still a crappy phone. No innovation. They trying too hard to copy Apple as in not changing the design. Camera is nowhere as good as a Xiaomi or Huawei. S23 ultra is exactly the same.  Ai features is mediocre. They brought literally nothing new to the table. They dropped the 10x Zoom to copy Apples 5x Zoom 😂. Last phone I had was a s21 ultra. Great interface. Crap camera. Flip 5 bad battery life. Note 10 bad battery life. Samsung needs to wake up.
does the phone start with 512 gigs and go up to 2 terabytes or more with now having 8k video is going to need to hold more storage and that storage is going to go quickly
Am i the only one who was await for his vedio ? ❤
0:19 why? Because Samsung is just better!
.
Yes its kind of cool, but overall I feel a bit disappointed. There isnt really much of an upgrade in my opinion.
I did not even realise that there a s24 until i got the notifaction
It will be interesting to see how Galaxy AI is going to improve in a year or two. I will probably go for their next flagship just then
Everything about this phone from the hardware to the software visuals screams iPhone.
Attention: those AI features which Google pixel 8 pro already been having, will NOT be free In 2025. In 2025 those Samsung AI features will need to be paid for. They will only be free for one year in 2024
This ai crap could be on the s23 with an update. Basically.  Pointless release
Thanks for going a little deeper in your review it helped me not upgrade.  The two things I hate about my s23 ultra are how terrible the voice to text is for American English and the super over processed photos.  The other stuff is cool but obviously they didn't fix those problems.
Ohhh lord!! Who gave the iSheep a galaxy?
Those are actually good and useful implementation of AI tech. Bummer, I just bought a Pixel 7A and have to stick with it for the next 3 years.
1:36 "titanium is better heat conductor than aluminium" tech reviews we deserve
@1:51 Outtakes pleaseeee
Here's to another year using my S10+ until they bring back expandable storage 🍻
all hail samsung
18:43 The German translation is so breathtakingly wrong in every way, that it blows my mind 😂
Tbh my dad watched this and he was amazed by it man
Rumors say that AI features are only free until 2025, then you have to pay for it. I hope not 😮
Is the screen flat???????
1:35 Aluminum is like more than 10 times better at conducting heat
1millionth viewer 🎉
Android: innovation  Apple: Extortion
Trade in deals here in America are horrible
Brilliant piece Mr Arun
That "AI" slow mo is just the same thing TVs did for realtime video to make it smoother for decades.
I am happy for the flat screen tbh, preordered to replace my S22 ultra.
Congrats on ur engagement Arun 🎉
I think it's finally time to upgrade from my Note 10+
An ultra phone finally gets 12gb of ram.  Me: sent from my note 20 ultra 5g with 12gb of ram from 2020, 3 and a half years later, battery still good, and have no complaints at all coming from someone who used to buy phones every year or every other year due to complaining about something lol😂  I'll also probably laugh when they finally get 1.5 terabytes of storage like my note 20 ultra, but until then, I can't see downgrading my phone with a new one
Im excited for the s25 already
If you cant believe in $AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
my phone has face cutout and its from 2021 and its 50 dollars at walmart
Necklace 😊
So anything on video stability other than is has the standard optical stability
Doesnt seem as exciting 😭😭
That "Praise the lord" is well deserved. The boring event aside, I think Samsung makes the most amazing Android phones.
iPhone will have this kind of technology on their devices in about 5 years from now and call it innovative.
I love that he does the video with an Apple watch 😂
Hasn't the Pixel 8 beaten them to the first AI punch?
I wish my samsung galaxy s20 fe 5g had the new ui
Meanwhile at Apple:  "WE HeV ACTioN ButTTOn 🤓"
70k like, but over 900k views??  Like the damn Video!
Thanks for sharing. The circle to search feature is pretty cool. The translation to German was quite poor it was more like a word to word translation
I feel like this phone will help in making alot of money for those who will know how to milk out of it.
If Invictus=undefeated, then Victus= ??? 🤔🤔🤔
Time to Switch back to Samsung
Isnt Samsung making the A.I. features only good for a year then after you have to pay for it as a subscription service?
Imagine, the year just have started but arum got already this years best phone 😆
so smart dude how do you get phones so fast love these vids!
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what $AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
great video, keep them coming
so s23 ultra + AI = S24 Ultra
All the AI abilities will probably get better with the updates over time or this what I would expect to happen
Not worth the update
I love samsung
No 10X? No thanks.
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about $AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
pretty cool, that circle to serch is just a shortcut to google lens tho, wich any android phone can use
it's AI battle now. Camera battle is over
I'm sold... again 😂 I used to be an LG fan until I discovered the S6 edge. I've been a Samsung fan ever since🥂
I like the sharp corners. Stop talking about it 😤
Very underwhelming hands on, had it been the iPhone you'd be drooling out of your mouth looking at all the new features, no matter how insignificant, you'd go on about then being "quality of life changes" but with Samsung, they're just "cool"... The Apple bias by Tech YouTubers, not just Arun is well and truly getting out of hand and it's so blatant too, especially with Marques
I currently using a s23 ultra and debating whether to upgrade to s24 ultra not sure tho
If the 100x zoom is worse (still waiting for proper review images). It will be a no go.
In 2024 they managed to finally start with $AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didnt catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like r
I am switching from the s10. I hope it will be noticeable.
So basically they copied all the new AI features on pixel 8 pro but just poorly, got it
The thermal conductivity of aluminum is about 18 times greater than that of titanium, so titanium does not help with heat dissipation.
Would u replace the s22 ultra with the s24 ultra? It's worth it?
loved samsung alot ... whats stoping me from buying it is definetly the exynoss version yea...
what’s all the things bad about this phone?
Finaly flat screen....
glass is glass, and glass breaks
In 2024 they managed to finally start with $AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didnt catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like r
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for $AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama w
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of $AWT88K not even kidding
Who else watching this on there s23 ultra 😊
As an iPhone 15 pm user, this phone is really tempting😢 might be to last iPhone that I will be using
There better be a god dang head phone jack
People, we've just lost another iPhone user. We appreciated your time with us, Aaron.
Time to buy!!! Im back to Samsung!
What's the pwm? Is it finally 10 bit colour?
I believe the time is better than ever for $AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
LG Stylo 6: 🧐🧐
Can't find the red one
Nice review as always, but as a long time Samsung phone user (currently using the Galaxy S22 Ultra), I'm not convinced by any software feature coming from Samsung anymore. During the past 2 years an update of the operating system caused my phone to lose connection with my car every 15-20 seconds. It took either Samsung or Google 4-5 months to fix it after complaints from many users. I'm putting my bets on the next iPhone.
pretty sure its just plated
yeah..... should we talk about them not having fold 4 as trade in after i paid a premium for it over 1,1/2 y ago? i am looking more and more  to switch away from Samsung and Apple.
What the S24 Ultra offers and the iphone 15 does not: Dex, Knox,  MULTI-TASKING (!!!), multi-windows, 7 years updates, 144 hz refresh rate, 2600 nits, 8K video, themes, file-manager, fast charging, fast wireless charging, reverse wireless charging, inscreen fingerprint scanner, tons of imaging and video features, far more/better AI, far better zoom, faster processor, more internal memory, more storage, app drawer, live translation (text and voice), S-Pen, far bigger eco-system and on and on....
My S23 Ultra feels so ancient now. 😅
reminds me of windows phone
It's amazing, breaking any language barrier, a game changer, every single one must try it. 5/10.
Here before 1 mil view gang 😮
Hell of a job, Samsung.. I'm definitely going for Samsung S24 ultra now..❤❤❤🎉mind blowing features..
Well nothing any significant upgrade for me... looks like 1 more year with my Huawei p30 pro, its just not worth it to change phone lol
Samsung taking notes from iPhone as always
Almost 1m views, nice
Give it to me man.
I believe most of the AI features are already happening with pixel 8 pro, and they feel alike. Probably because of collaboration with Google
In just 4 hrs and almost 20 million views. Do our lives have anymore meaning than just watching the release of new phone designs
Titanium definitely does not conduct heat better than aluminum.
7 years of updates 🤯It will rain nationwide for 7 days  without stopping 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
At 7:48,the picture on the left looks terrible in comparison to the right. And if I'm not mistaken, the left picture is the S24 😂
He said it can't understand what he says yet asks if squiddle is even a word? Squirtle isn't a real word at all lmao how do you expect it to understand gibberish to an actual language?
Peasant 8 Gen 3 phones 💀💀😭
Same camera and exynos no thanks samsung
Just pre-ordered mine lets goooooo!
hey, wie geht es dir? lange nicht sprechen.
I'm buzzing 🎉 i need to get my hands on this ASAP
I love how you DO NOT MENTION the low RESOLUTION ON THJE PHONE.  You and every other youtuber are the same with no mention on how crappy images look on the phone.  I don't care too much about the darn brightness my issue is the S22, S23 and now the S24 still has the crappy ***Low Resolution*** -  I compared them to my S21 ULTRA with 3200x1440p to my wife's first S22 Ultra  with 3088x1440p and now her S23 Ultra same crappy resolution.  My S21 Ultra looks 1,000 TIMES BETTER @ 3200x1440p - RICHER WITH MUCH MORE DETAILs and the vivid colors/color reproduction much better. Youtubers cannot talk about the resolution or SAMSUNG WON'T PAY THEM $ or Samsung will cut them from reviewing their products
This hands on impression is too good
Awh flat screen 😢
Samsung needs to go back to having microSD extra storage like my kid's old Galaxy S10e has. Even for me I'm still rocking an LG G8 in 2024!
I use the 10x feature all the time at work, helps me read far away labels . 😢 Why would they remove that 😣.
Praise the Lord 😂
Kind of seems like they are really trying to copy Apple instead of making the most useable phone they should be doing. A 7x zoom would have been nicer than a 5x for me.
First time I’m considering a Samsung again after having a few iPhone, phone is leading the way
So the phone was released without being ready, on each category. Even comparing it to the latest iPhone as dumb as Siri is
iPhone technology looks very ordinary and less innovative now. Good job Samsung
As an  guy unfortunately I have to admit that it’s time to migrate
S24 phone looks great but is that an Apple Watch? 😂
Mr I need advice. When the hell is summarise  getting launched outside the US for pixel phones😢
I'm samsung ❤,  when will they introduce thermal camera, hopefully s25, will have it😢
Yo the S24 will be better for content creator on instragram cause the pictures and videos wont be low quality more. so its just a software update?? will it apply to S23 ??
Clearly you are paid by samsung to make a good review  this new generation doesnt have anything better other than ai mode. On the contrary i think that the s22 and s23 generation are better than the s24 .Main reason why older generation are better is the camera while this 5x in s24 sucks in s22/23 the 10x rocks.Also the price on the new phones compared to the last generations  is ridiculous just because of some ui designs? not enough upgrades on new phones. Remember the old times when there was going to be a new phone the upgrades were so much to be seen.
I bought s 23 fe for 335 euro. Every phone now its the same,they should release every 2 years a new one 😅
Did he just pronounce "Router" as "Roo - ter"?... come on Arun😂😂😂
Strong days ahead with $AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
As of today after barely half year usuage my s23 ultra has a freaking dead pixel!!!! I am team samsung many many years since s4 release and never this haopen to me 🤬🤬🤬🤬
i'don't even knew the  new galaxy has arrived, and Mrwhosetheboss already tested it. Top Tier content creato. i just saw samsung released the galaxy S24 Ultra introducing film only a couple of hours ago. Nice. I got last year a S21FE and it blow my mind, i never had a flagship phone on launching year but this is the closest i got from one and i just decided my next phone will be whatever Galaxy Ultra Samsung releases in the current year and i'm really happy to know they put some big updates on this one. Can't wait to win the lotery and get mine. Thanks for the video, i didn't subscribed bcs i'm already here for years.
Samsung be doing the most😅, I salute
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need $AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Half of the AI stuff is the same as the Google pixel 8 pro
Boy are they ever running out of ideas
IDK if it's only me but he complains less in iPhone reviews compared to android?! 🤔
Every year it’s one of the exciting phones😂
Samsung was actually quiet early with this one and 2024   Iphones got alot of gens to catch up with the uear
Knocking the phone for failing to transcribe 'Squirtle' using a phone conferencing feature that's obviously aimed at business users who would very unlikely use Pokemon terminology is a tad silly tbh. Having said that, Samsung will continuously refine those AI features (along with other phone functions) with updates to reach their full potential, as phone makers usually do, which will make this incredible phone even more so. I know I'm going back to Android with one of the S24's once my current carrier's contract using the iPhone mini ends.
Again Samsung hype and looks boring.
Now, with the new Galaxy s24, the residual value will tank with x2 performance than previous models. 😅   Most notable feature this year..
How much is that Samsung paycheck?
BMW🗿
0:16 good catch 👏
As a german i should warn you from the text feature. Because the translation was totally off 😂 great phone though
With $AWT88K we wont fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
I like how both Samsung and Apple just says numbers and better than the competition but never say what lol. And use special words to make it sound even better lol
nice ring
@8:38 4K 120FPS is nothing new, 3 year old Oneplus 9 Pro can do it.
The best phone in the decade 🎉🎉
Blud who uses a phone without case in 2024💀
I can now afford s23 ultra😅
Wearing apple watch while reviewing a Samsung device 😂😂
Curve screen is stupid.  It's useless.  It collects dust.  👎
I'm thinking about getting the S24, but not the ultra. Just a regular model, but I'm curious what features are gonna be missing on the regular S24 VS the ultra???
Would you believe me if I tell ya that $AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
They’ve said in Samsung unpacked that S24U would be more compatible with Instagram and Snapchat cameras, could you include this in further reviews? I’m very curious to know how it will perform as I’m an independent artist who work with social media
With my eyes on AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
Can't wait for the battery test. Let's see how little rest he gets this time
They say ai will be free until 2025. Sounds like well lose features even with the higher price.
okay but for the google circle/search things, how would you enable that if you use gesture navigation? cant long hold the home button if there is no home button.
i was just thinking about getting the regular s23, but now i think ill wait for the s24
17years of YouTube nobody has ever ❤ my comment
Samsung: here's an ultra bright screen, 2600 nits. Me: Completely blinded by my current 1100 nits display during night time when I use my phone the most.
If this was a flagship phone from Apple, he would have undoubtedly given it a 10/10 on every feature even if they were heavily flawed.
i am so hype to upgrade for s10 to a s24 ultra in late march to soon april when is my birthday
lmfao youtubers trying really had to sell us the most boring "improvements" the world has ever seen. its actually crazy. the tech doesnt create youtube anymore, techyoutubers try hard creating the hype
It’s just a phone ..
Great video.
We need to wake up and realize how $AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side yall will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
come on man you couldn"t give at least an ten ?
Finally a real "Android". 🙌
bro keep pushing all odds in every video idea  and can i have one of those s24 ultra
I will stick with my 23 ultra . Every year it's better bla bla.  Camera is a slight bit shaper , other than that . Let's face it , it's not going to be noticeable on a daily basis. Skip a year run down your contract and then get the one after that is my motto.
Rip iphone 🫡
Whoever edited this video needs to get their ears checked. The audio keeps jumping up and down in volume at random.  Like at 9:02
How do you manage to make the most informative & unbiased review in the midst of a million videos uploaded that are all the exact same??? Great video!
This dude he is faster that samsung themselves,i am a fan anyway
honestly, w/ tech reviewers especially regarding phones; could we stop w/ "the design is more elegant or refined or updated" bs since all that the developers do is jump from rounded bricks to sharp edged bricks and variants in between!  this isnt new!  + i personally cant stand cameras that poke out.  is the phone being thinner really worth the camera not keeping up?  - no.
Let's be Honest here there's nothing to be excited about The S24..no offence not worth it.
Too bad it starts at 1300 dollars. These prices are getting insane 🤦🏻
On the AI stuff... I hope most of this is coming in the next major update for the S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra. With carrier upgrade cycles now at 3 years, and most hardware updates being less and less of a change... It no longer makes sense to upgrade every year or two.
Squiddle is one of the Homestuck characters
One thing is clear, the new Galaxy AI needs to updated its Pokédex.
just pre order the 24 ultra and mine profider gives also me a free galaxy watch 6 lte cant wait until its here
That always on display looks just like the iPhone’s one but everyone complained about it
Arun, just noticed your wedding ring! 💍 it’s very beautiful! Good choice 👍
Nice chain 😅😅
@ 0:17 that guy in background cathcing the thrown iphone .... the real saviour
Nobody will use these features for more than a week
I have an S23U, was ready to upgrade but seeing this, it's got nothing much that will change my quality of life to justify losing a curved amoled. It feels like a bunch of feature tweaks, it feels iPhone 7 Vs 6 ISH of an upgrade. I'll hold onto my S23U, my perfect baby.
3 × zoom camera when you have a 200Mpx main camera is useless 😂 Still keeping my pixel 7 pro.
MB's same video and this one are neck and neck in views.. Like watching a tight NBA game 😂😊
Waiting for the match of S24 ULTRA AND IPHONE 15 PRO MAX!
Strong days ahead with $AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
👌
I’ll wait for IOS to perfect this stuff
I have an S22 Ultra and there is absolutely nothing in this S24 Ultra that interests me to upgrade.   I'll wait for the S25 Ultra and hopefully there will be real, meaningful new features and improvements.
This hands on shows all the good and bad it's amazing
I’m very sure the iPhone will get this kind of update in the next 5 years as usual
Was this a Starbucks ad?  Freepalestine.
I like your shirt bro
Can't tell if they meant to show the number plate
horrible translation ESP -> ENG   Como esta senor = Eat that sir ? 🤣
9:00 if you will get gimball stick and make some slow motion then it will be perfectest video ever
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
In 2024 they managed to finally start with AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
At 5:50 I put in the basket the S24 Ultra 1TB, with 755 $ trade-in for my 4 month old S23 Ultra 1TB, but 1 min later I pushed the delete button. It's lighter...yes Has a better battery...yes Has a better chip...yes BUT...has an uglier flat screen ...the same camera ...the AI slow-mo + AI zoom + AI bla-bla are a joke ...not worth the $950 difference
This phone is beast 😮😮😮
Great video
Yes sir 👏👏👏 Started following you since you had 400subs and loved every video buddy. Can't wait for the next episodes on 0.95  💪
Imma wait till an ai fold comes out, cause the features will be updated by then
Me watching a vid of another phone i can't afford
The slowmotion thing feels like what frame generation is on Nvidia GPU's: Good but not perfect. Still, pretty impressive that a phone can do that, a PHONE.
The hardware 😊 The bloatware 🤢🤢🤢🤢
Parabéns pelo vídeo, conteúdo, crítica e opiniões! Sou seu fã!
This guy is fast. The background music though is annoying.
I'm sorry... but if you complain about the sharp edges of the s21, s22, s23, and S24.....   THEN YOU DONT KNOW HOW TO HOLD A DMN SAMSUNG PHONE PROPERLY!!!   WHY ARE YOU SQUEEZING IT SO HARD ON YOUR PALM OF YOUR HAND...   YOU DONT NEED TO HOLD IT THAT TIGHTLY...   MY GOD.....
Is there any news about the satellite calls and messaging which was rumoured to be installed in this 24ultra. Cheers.
Hey boss.... You are the "Boss"..
I wont be switching from s23 ultra. I was thinking about it but I rather want e better 3x cam (there are many better ones) with a upgraded  10x (bigger sensor...) I dont think they should have ditched the 10x. Rather improve them.
With my eyes on $AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those cant be helped at all, rip
Very nice video 💣
Just wanna point out that the translation at 18:43 is absolutely abysmal.
Hey, what do you do with the old phones bro?
So basically a worse Pixel AI experience....got it
Can you do a video about the samsung laptops ????? Thank youuuuuu
Phone of the year is here😂🎉
Okay samsung, let this be the last year of the build...We need something new next year in terms of hardware please.
What about the AI only being free for until 2025?
i want to be that guy who catches your thrown phones. lmao, good catch, bruh :D
who saw the guy catching the phone behind?
Waiting for your full review and camera test vs 15 pro max
And that's what you call a real smartphone ❤
Kinda regretting buying the iPhone 15 now😭😭😭
7 jears of Software updates!
Great insight!
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into $AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Now waiting for Apple WWDC to bring these features to the iPhone.
I'm really concerned about affiliate marketing and influencers. Small influencers barely make any money. Believe me I know and now with this click to search feature it will take our hard work and return us nothing. Really hoping they have a way to credit or supply the creator with revenue.
Alu-mini-um
I think because of how the call translation is almost real-time, it's sacrificing some accuracy. This is so because when I type directly in a translator sometimes the translation get reframes to match the context but in this case it's hard to do because it's almost real-time on a call
These upgrades are getting lame every year it's practically the same as last year's 😂
I don't understand why you mention some software features we already got in the S23 Ultra with One UI 6 as something new🤔🤷‍♂️
Arun didn't tell us his thumbnail was shot on the S24 ultra 😅
was kinda against this "ai phone" at first but having a option to disable internet-based ai is huge
This year all those who know and understand $AWT88K have an incredible edge, thats for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and its not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of
Why does anyone care about colors or the looks of a phone? They go immediately into a case that 100% covers the color and finish of it.
I think that they should've Included these AI features to make Bixby have a comeback it was their chance to make their assistant stand out a bit and improve and apparently they missed it
So UK and EUROPE got EXYNOS or SNAPDRAGON variant?
Why do Samsungs keep getting uglier man
Can't wait for my upgrade in March
I just broke my screen on my S21 ultra, looking forward to getting this beast.
Titanium is worse at thermal conductivity.
That would be better. I mean, look back at first car, and look now. It needs to be that starting point to fix some of the mistakes on the next phone.
Will the AI features come to the s23 to?
I cant believe how much of garbage is this phone for the price. ZERO actual good features.  Iphone 15 is way better
This guy makes me feel like I'm watching top gear only about mobile phones 😂
Day 1 of asking for a new iPhone 15 pro max
The flat screen alone is a huge change lol
95% wont notice anything different about this phone...
Get your wallets ready to pay for all that AI goodness in 2025. Read the fine print!
This will be the only s24 ultra hands on review I'll need it's in depth but yet so comprehensive Waiting for full review with battery drain and camera tests 🫡
I actually like the sharp corners of the phone.
Now we wait for the Samsung s25
Fuck do they really need to make a new overpriced phone every year, who needs all this AI crap anyway.
Bought before the Galaxy Unpacked presentation even ended 😂
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in AWT88K these guys know what to do
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
There was a rickroll at 14:31 lol
It will take some time to understand how $AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year its about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and thats exactly happening with this asse
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in AWT88K these guys know what to do
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of AWT88K not even kidding
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Switching to Samsung ive been an iPhone user since the beginning now I think it is time
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
So your saying someone that types to me in USA English it will translate into proper British English? And vice versa? Also how is the phone with all the British slang?
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
I love Android, I love AI. MrWhoseTheBoss is a G.O.A.T
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
Squirtle, a made up word for a Japanese anime? Man, you can do better than that
"It's almost like they took a shaver to their last phone." Typical Aron 😂
I alr got a s24 mous case ad 🙃
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of $AWT88K not even kidding
Only guy I trust with this
Just ordered my first ever Samsung and went full in with 1TB  Ultra Titanium Blue. Cant wait when it arrives
Great  review... all I see is the s23 ultra ... no big upgrade 😅
Corning's website lists Armor as being 3 times better at drop tests, 4 times more scratch resistant and reduces reflectance 75% more than competitive aluminosilicate cover glass. It appears it was designed specifically for the S24 Ultra.
me not realising a new phone was released even lol
Changing my main phone back to the "note," series (aka the sultra lol) from the foldz3. I never used its open feature, yet the screen protector still peeled off and i never used the pen i got w it lol. So im glad to go back
It looks underwhelming and has been made smaller. I prefer the largest single screen phone i can get. It doesn’t have high scratch resistance or gorilla glass, i will pass on this phone. I have the Note 20 ultra 5g...worth more than the new phones that came out after for a reason. The updated processor isnt enough to warrant a purchase. Samsung is trying to be like iphone and continue the same look for multiple years in a row. No thanks. 👎
Watching it from my s23 ultra 😢
We need to wake up and realize how $AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side yall will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
സിമ്പിൾ ആയിട്ടു പറയാൻ പറ്റുവോ 🙄🙄🙄  ഇല്ലാല്ലേ 😔
Samsung's presentation made me think that almost nothing changed between S23 and S23 Ultra. YOU INSTEAD MAKE ME THINK THAT THERE IS A WORLD OF DIFFERENCES BETWEEN S23 AND S24! THEY SHOULD HIRE YOU! 🤣
LOVE your vids!
when was new phone aded ,Vicious is right, he gets new stuff faster then we can know there is new stuff
Dont know if this is happening to everyone, but I dont see Galaxy Z Fold 4 as a trade in device in the list
It's weird how no one covered the 7 years of security and the OS upgrades they have promised. Sounds like a big deal to me. That is on par with Google and arguably better than Apple.
I hope I can turn off all those AI. I just do not want to use that.
Titanium  has much lower thermal conductivity compared to Aluminum. 😅
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
There is so much power in AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
They changed the curved edges because theyre very prone to breaking. Its unfortunate that the price is so high for something that just feels like a gimick.
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
With AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of AWT88K not even kidding
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
We need to wake up and realize how AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what $AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
When will you be able to review the S24?
18:40 Since german is my native language I can tell you the translation the phone did is terribly bad, both in terms of grammar and meaning😅
SAMSUNG only for TV gents :D argue as much as you want
So my question is, is my iPhone 15 Pro Max worth selling to get this one?
Your brutal honesty is funny yet assuring!
It’s just true
Nice preview summary. I am missing a few things for a solid upgrade. 1. Getting rid of the rear camera hump, 2. Standard usb c to dual usbc-passthrough andcheadphone jacj adaptor support 3. Native support for more dynamic widgets ( passive widgets are becoming stale). Weather dynamic animated widget is fine, but one is not a lot. 4. Larger fingerprint sensor with high single digit registration accuracy 5. Built in ring adaptor to fix lenses on the rear camera's, 6. Bring back a dedicated hardware camera button  7. Protective case with built in 5000 mAh extended battery. 8. 21-32 mpix front camera. 9. Hybrid high end e-ink and amoled screen for better low energy use and performance
They are just copying Apple but their own way!!!
The Phone looks dope but Samsung has been using the same exact Ultrasonic FPS hardware from over 5 years ago....
I want that most people have some idea on $AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
This is most definitely NOT worth the upgrade even from the s22u, photos and videos if you use social media is useless because they look like junk compared to the iPhone (ive never owned iphone in my life)
New best phone on market
i was let down so hard with my 22 ultra, im never getting a release phone ever again! xynos chip sucks and there was no way to get it changed. shocking stuff.
The thing about using titanium on phones is... Now you can't carry two devices in the same pocket, because the screens will be scratched by the harder titanium casings. You also can no longer carry a tablet and the phone in the same hand while walking into your house, place of employment, a restaurant, etc... Titanium is better in every way, except for the consumer.
waiting for S30 Ultra
Watching Marques' review was a real cringe! his "review" was so lame not mentioning any of the real differences from S23U like 4K @ 120fps, design/shape differences, 10X zoom performance and initial insights etc.  Not to mention the apple bias syndrome  that's so loud there.  Arun, you are always lovely to watch providing the useful info we are all looking for in a review🙌
Samsung phones offer so much and are very experience full. You could try anything with the phone and not get bored. But people would still take an Iphone over this, just for branding.
Samsung should first get their Bixby right before prioritising the AI...seems like they are no longer interested to make the Bixby better...
Pro tip: ff to 3:15 to skip the fluff.
Its a downgrade!!
Hopefully this will lower the price of the s23 now
I have a s22 ultra. The battery life is getting worse. I am using 85% battery life saver mode. Do you think its a good thing to do. Does that mode really protect the life span of the battery? Do they upgrade this mode in the next gen?
As an apple fanboy, Samsung did really well with the s24
Back to you Apple. This phone definitely does feel like a step-change.
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can $AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
R.I.P Apple..😂 this is good to see as an Apple fan, this will force them to get their shit together.
I'm a huge fan of your content , I'm a small youtuber Any support or shoutout would mean the world to me. Keep up the amazing work!
If iMessage was available on android, I'd've been gone long ago. Apple knows this.
With that price, it should be the best. But.. as usual for Samsung or even iPhone, some phones with half the price beat them in particular categories. In some of course, not all. And no phone would be better in all categories.
Once I opened my s21 and read that s24 is out, I ran here, and yes, I am going to upgrade to s24 ultra
My Galaxy S9 hasnt been quite reliable in the past 6 months, especially the battery (it might as well be completely dead). The S24 Ultra is most likely going to be my next 6+ year phone.
You've got more views than mkbhd in the first 3 hours. Congrats:)
As a German I must say that the translations, especially at 18:43, were pretty poor. Everyone would know that you aren't a native speaker and some people wouldn't even get the message, especially the last sentence doesn't make any sense in German. Great video though, I am ready for another comparison to the iPhone 15 Pro (Max)🔥💯
thanks for this video the others are trash
Got iPhone ad when opening this video💀
damn, really boring phone, i love Samsung phones but this AI stuff is so forgettable and nobody will use that stuff after a few weeks or months. and a lot of stuff ist straight a copy from Google. Sorry i want a next gen foldable that has the right aspect ratio, these slabs are really all the same now😢
this video came even before the official samsung channel 💀
Crazy how older Samsung users who switched to Iphones complained about lag. Been using the s21 ultra for 3 years and still hasnt lagged at all...safe to say ill never buy an IPhone😂😂❤
The Lack of innovation is kinda disappointing. No reason to upgrade even if you have a 5 year old phone.
It's all ridiculous.  My S21 Ultra is beautiful, the screen is incredible, it's still super fast.  There's no reason for me to upgrade but the model tells everyone they need to and they buy it.
Where is all the talk about $AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Another youtuber which forgots that they use Exynos 2400 in the EU except the ultra
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was $AWT88K just a few days old btw
Another guy ready in the background to catch iPhone 😂
Apple has been real quiet since this droped
FINALLY A FLAT DISPLAY, i hated those curved screens so so much
Sori four saing this, but i just don’t think this first impretions shuld be 20+ minutes long. Don’t want to be a hetaer but i think you should save some deatels fout the full review.
So I’m a small phone enjoyer, besides the extra camera and the pen, is there any software features or anything that the ultra has over the base model?
It’s really great when these quality of life things happen without you asking, like chat translation on this phone or ambient brightness
I really appreciate your views but just as constructive criticism I want to say nobody really cares how good a camera is. Cameras have been good enough for over 10 years. I feel like you're just splitting hairs and coming up with metrics that we don't even know existed to prove which cameras better. And Huawei's last legal phone had the best camera I've ever used. (The one that came out right before Trump banned it)
Samsung had based 12 GB of ram on their older flagship. They were just Nickle and diming us every other year. I have the Note 20 Ultra and it has 12GB of RAM on the base model. Off the top of my head the Note 10 plus had 12GB of RAM and base storage of 256GB.
I believe the time is better than ever for $AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
I fought through all of the other bleeding edge hungry Samsung bro's that were lagging the website and was able to get my S24 Ultra pre-ordered 😎👍
i prefer the look of iphone tbh
Bro! you didn't mention about software update 7 years.
So is it possible to get snapdragon in the UK? I thought only north Amaris’s?
You seriously not gonna mention the Exynos for a lot of countries which is a lot less powerful and operates a lot hotter than the snapdragon? This is misinformation, a lot of people are expecting to have snapdragon performance when buying this phone and wont get it
So Samsung is following Apple on similar designs for their phones?
Here I am again. Watching a review of a phone that I won't be able to buy.
Bro try iQoo 12 5g
Make  a video on the tecno flip
Wait the ultra wide lens is 0,5 instat 0,6 😮
Apple needs to watch out for Samsung. and  Arun coz he is currently skyrocketing rn.  PS: Your presentation is wayy better than Samsung's. Great Job!
Nobody lies to me. That's the real S22 ULTRA
I made gorilla armor
there are multiple features that came to the pixel 8 last year that are present here and you act like they are COMPLETELY new, wtf aron.
Incredible in such short time $AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
I am watching this on my scorching hot iphone SE 2020
Why would someone want such thick phone 1:20
he's just not interested in Samsung products anymore this is a mediocre video by @mrwhostheboss😢
I will sell my 15 pro max to get 24 ultra
cant believe any flagship phone STILL has a holepunch for the front camera like why are they not underscreen?
18:43 oh god that translation is god awful hahaha
Got my 24Ultra 512 gb for 800 usd. Including buds2 pro … no brainer… can’t wait 🎉🎉🎉
Was going to buy the s23 ultra as I thought the price may go down but after watching the live opening stream I'm going for the s24! Free watch given for UK customers...
I reckon Samsung's following the Apple strategy in terms on business. Making small incremental changes, and very similar changes to that of Apple's iPhones. Samsung's has never been a more broad and default phone ever before. Samsungs probably also working on a better and faster chip in the background, and may take a couple of years for it to catch up to the current market in Smartphone Chips. Who knows, Samsung's probably gave Apple a discount for using their factories to manufacture displays for Apple's titanium idea lol...
Getting my hopes back with $AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Waiting for the flip 6 before I pull the trigger on a new phone
I can't help but feel a little disappointed with this phone. I know there will probably be ppl telling me why I shouldn't be, but I feel like all phones aren't improving enough to care about 1 generation. It used to be major updates every year. But now it's minor improvements. For example: The iPhone 12 and iPhone 14 are very similar. Its all internal. S22 vs S24, Very similar.
Is the banana blur still there and lens flair at night?
Getting my hopes back with $AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Hard agree on the sharp corners, they've gotta go. Literally Painful
Apple crying on the corner
It is -12°F where I am rn
Super catch by the Guy behind you😂
Too gimmicky for now. For now I say!
WOW NO ANNOYING DYNAMIC ISLAND THAT BLOCKS SO MUCH OF THE SCREEN WHEN USING APPS.
it could be even S25 but the ecosesytem isnt just nearly there...there is no better watch than Apple Watch, no better headphones than Airpods pro/max so lets be happy bout this thing while you are making the wideo vearing AW Ultra...But the pay u got from it is likely nice so keep up man. Its the same exact phone than last year as iPhone but they just didnt payed u so this is the real deal :D
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be $AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
19:20 Bro's unstoppable now😭
This is not paid add trust me.
You've been a good tech reviewer but your reviews are getting dumber
now i just hope to see a bug discount on the s23u.
iPhone is still better
Incredible in such short time $AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into $AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
where did you get your longsleeve top from?
Now I can prebook my s24 ultra, thanks to you ✌️
FFS I respect this enough information which persuaded me to prepayment Samsung - ai or human?
Btw any android can do all of that now and before like in 2010 lol
"The first thing you will notice is the updated  design"  Proceeds to show an identical fking phone as last year.....  This guy sure knows how to sell things
Thank you mrwhoistheboss for giving a review
so this is basically an advert until 12:46
I personally don't like the boxy style. I feel it robs the identity of the Ultra has been.
All screen rectangles couldn't be more the same year after year now
Can we just commend Mrwhosetheboss for taking production quality to a whole other level. You really blew it out of the water with the concise clips, information, animations and music transitions. Hats off to you Sir!
I want it so bad already😭😭
I will do 1 pushup for every like on this comment.
watching this with my 2019 android
Time for an upgrade😊😊
sony did that design 10yrs before
The base amount of RAM was 12GB already on Note 10+.. So that S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra had 8GB as base made them not so "Ultra" and was a weird move
Really hate those sharp corners around the phone. Hard to hold the phone wo a phone cover
It will trickle down to the s23 ultra watch...this s23 ultra is still an amazingly amazing phone
Thanks for the video
Why are you grading the Ai translations so high? when they have translated things wrong in multiple of your sections. If it fails at what its supposed to do it shouldnt get more than a 1 .
bro made a whloe video lol just say u like the phone 💀💀
Meanwhile iPhone users : we have type C and a new button :D
Couldn't find Rick Astley in this video 😢
In 2024 they managed to finally start with $AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didnt catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like r
Here's my rant, factual style.  If some of yall feel as if I'm making a baseless fuss over something small and not important in the grand of schemes, just hear me out.  And now, let's begin   Why the hell did they go away with the curved screen?? First, it made their Ultra/Plus/Edge phones stand out in the flat-dominated phone industry for years... it was particularly unique as for as the mainstream world is concerned. You know it's a SAMSUNG, and you can't say the same about Apple and other major players. Second, it gave their phones a slicker/stealthier asesthic appearance. And finally, last but not least, despite a VERY VERY VERY small difference in screen real estate  and ergonomics, it's not worth giving it up. From experiences, I think the curve has a slight advantage over the flat ergonomically. I've had their curved phones since the very first time they introduced it on the Galaxy  S6 Edge, and I never looked back.  Obviously, they improved it over the years, and looking back imo perfected it with the Ultra phones. I've had my S22 Ultra ever since it was made available in stores, and it's in the perfect sweetspot along with the S21U and S23U. It's not too curved where the sides are too thin  and dig into your palm (looking at you S6 Edge), nor it's too flat-ish where it feels blocky and big to hold (looking at you Apple, Google, etc). Yes, the flats has  bigger screen real estate, but personally, I don't feel bothered by it because as I mentioned earlier, the difference is so small. It's so small, so why ditched the curve? The question is, why ditched something that has been a stand-out feature that was clearly working for years???
I pray to god that the circle to search feature plugs into our search engine of choice. It would be such a waste for it to be another Google search trojan horse.
Iphone left the chat.
Hi, can you do s24 ultra vs 15 pro max video, even though your biased towards iphones.
bro am i the only one who noticed somthing else here  👻 11:48
Meh
Think its time to upgrade from my S20+ now?
Omardizer did it first 😾
Knowing Samsung, I knew they would do some cool, innovative things. But this... the AI is bleeding edge and they integrated it in an amazing way! 👌👌😁😁Fascinating review!   I was watching this and Galaxy Unpacked during school lol. 🤣😅😂
Tbh useless AI implementations
This year is gonna be fire with $AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
You watch his reaction to the pixel 8pro and this and you realise he's a Samsung fanboy. But that's fair enough. Good job by Samsung. We're waiting for Google's response
It will take some time to understand how AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
S24 looks like it's going to be selling 💰
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Reminds me of the SHARP Aquos phone. I like it.
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Trade in pricing really low this year😅
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
We need to wake up and realize how AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of AWT88K not even kidding
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Incredible in such short time AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
With AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
If any AI can't understand any given word 3 times in a row, I never use it again.
There is so much power in AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for $AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama w
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
the quality of your videos are wayyy better, i just love the new text animation.
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
Na you gotta give some credits to AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Too much unnecessary information in this video
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Na you gotta give some credits to AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
For a long time they planned AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
For a long time they planned AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in AWT88K these guys know what to do
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
In 2024 they managed to finally start with AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
It will take some time to understand how $AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year its about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and thats exactly happening with this asse
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
bro wearing an apple watch
In 2024 they managed to finally start with AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
just looking how the views  are increasing within secs
Portland, JAMAICA in the Building!!!  👑🇯🇲🔥💥🌟⭐💯💎
The german was actually wrong - would be - lange nicht gesprochen -not lange nicht sprechen
Hey im from germany :)   First Great Video   In the Video the Text 19:40 in german.  Its Horribel xD 1/10  I dont now what he would say in german xD
No improvement on the selfy  camera l, so there's STILL no point upgrading from the S22U.
The writing styles would be so helpful. Even if they themselves aren't perfect, I could see them being used as templates or inspiration, instead of exiting the app and searching, "how to say X professionally" and going back to the original app.
Maybe it's too niche, but if really like to see most more powerful swipe typing. As it is i always have to go into the text and make a lot of corrections. At best it would be much better at predicting the word i want, and it would give me alternative suggestions in a place that's very easy to access. Plus it should be able to read what I'm writing and know when "most" makes more sense than "must", etc. and got God's sake, it should be able to pick the right "you're/your" for you by now. You shouldn't have to run Grammarly for this. Maybe there just aren't that many using swipe to make improving it worth the effort and cost. But you'd think on a phone with a stylus it would be critical.
I really excited to watching this your video
Wow that was so fast to get you hands on S24
The Ai features are NOT FREE
For every like I get ill do a push up, I will make a video on it in one week from now, help me get fit af :*
Will that AI also come to the S 23 series?
yeah! can someone explain to me how Corning is able to remake the glass and add features on it year after year?
Great review
If you switch your phone, you also have to switch your watch. The one you have on your wrist will not work with Samsung😂
Wow
scary
You can't really mark the phone down for not understanding the word "squirtle".. It's a made up word that even the average adult human being wouldn't know what it is...
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
This is literally the same phone again. Are they trying to be like Apple?
the best phone there is NGL, but there is a lot of apps that do Ai things better than what galaxy Ai has to offer. if you have an s23 series I don't see any big  features to want to upgrade 🤨
What's with the bling? Especially on the outside of your jumper!  Double NO!
Dude.. Curved screen EDGE.. NOT curved screen🤦‍♂️ Two different things. I.e LG G-Flex and LG G4 had curved screens. And Samsung TVs for awhile🤪
Vivo x100 pro zoom is so much better jesus christ this sphone is trash
I'm using my note 10 plus and still happy with it 😂
18:43 the german translation there gave me google translate 2009 vibes lmao
I'm a content creator, and I need a new phone? Should I get iPhone or Android?  Edit: this isnt my main youtube account
Lmao the even borders is something ive been waiting for years 😭
Much of the AI features on the S-24U, will be coming to the S-23U.👍🏾
18:42 Sorry to break it to you, but this did not work at all... The translation is horrible and nothing in comparison with even the simplest online translator.
I don't like the colors .. none of them.. I still really enjoy my S22 Ultra though ... I liked the green one, but I couldn't find one to buy so I went with the white one, and I am glad I did.. It looks amazing with a clear case. I am waiting for a blue 'S7 edge' like Collor! That's something I would not miss out on.. Also, I think the sharp corners make the phone what it is ... and you will always use a case anyway, so that does not matter at all..
Samsung will have to spend a lot with marketing and youtubers, because that presentation gave absolutely zero reasons to buy this phone.
My OtterBox will cover up the color and all those edges anyway so they doesn't bother me.
If you don't want your s23 ultra, give it to me😁😁👍
For a long time they planned $AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
30s in and already can tell... this is an AD paid by Samsung
So, I picked up my 23 Ultra a month after it released. That being said, I do love the improvements. The inclusion of the upgraded APU, the complete matte finish, and the flat screen. However, my s23 Ultra does what I want. I can play my childhood games (created from my own backups), I still have a good enough camera to capture what i need to, and its still keeping a great battery life. Of course the battery life isnt what it was day one but I can easily go a full day on one charge (and I am usually awake from Noon to 6AM the next day). Is this an amazing upgrade from mine? On paper, yes of course it is. Is it worth upgrading to? I can see if you need the upgrades then sure. However, I cannot convince myself to upgrade from the 23 Ultra. Ill probably wait another couple years until there is a giant leap from the 23 Ultra to what we will have at that time. Keep up the amazing work man. Love the content and in-depth analysis.
So I may as well stick with my s21 ultra.
I NEVER thought they would make the screen edges flat again on their flagship. Step forward IMO
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
I trust this guy with my life when it comes to tech 🔥
I want to let you know that $AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much
i'm thinking to upgrade or not, what i should do ?
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Samsung just copied the pixel 8 with all the AI features
samsung posted their vid 2 hours ago and he posted an hour before them😭😭
It's definitely an upgrade over S23 Ultra but somewhere I'm glad it's not that big change that leaves my S23U irrelevant.
i am using the 2015 samsung and it's hilarious seeing it on the sreen of the phone
Great phone would smash
Most of these features have been out on Google pixel phones for a while. It's cool that Samsung is following Google's steps and that they are now sharing Gemini AI with them.
I’m literally watching this video hit 100s of thousands of views in real time
19:23 Aaron thought he'd get away with it😂😂😂😂
I hope they improved the 4k 60fps video and the pitch dark nightshots. And finally samsung will not lose in nightzoom against the iphone.
I see that samsungs logic was  to put AI name on already present features. I'll pass.
Maybe you never used Google keyboard 🙄. It's already there mate 🤦
Pixel ❣️🙌
They could have put whisper tts from openai for better speach recognition
thats fuking bullshit!! feels like samsung is following apple. that flat screen is one of the dumbest side on that phone.
👏👏👏 Outstanding review. I look forward to the follow up.
Wow, Starbucks obviously bought you cheaply
It will take some time to understand how AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
Nah everyone who was saying Arun was apple sponsored really quiet rn
Help! ¿Iphone 15 pro max or S24 Ultra?
Well,the new year just began
OOft. What is this guys review going to be like? Thank you for the effort you put in Arun.
Apple: barely updates their designs Samsung: we nenes to be better
It must be very hard for you to review samsung fones, since they are way better than iphone and u r way up steve job's a*s
Seriously the only 2 highlights of the phone Titanium  5x camera lens both copied from the 15 pro max  and samsung ai is just shitty copy of pixel
pretty ironic that samsung users say that iphones are the same every year 🤡🤡🤡
Sooooo Who would benefit from this phone and who should let it pass them by until there are real world advantages?
The flat screen is worth upgrading all on its own.  I've been frustrated with curved screens since they debuted
Flats screens aren't a step back, that's the right direction! I wait so many years to see a flat screen flagship.....But still i don't like Apple and Samsung so i will wait and hope for some new "Other" flagship with a flat screen!
Hi . I love ur content.  I am ur big fan . Plz gimme me some of ur phones 😢 . I am poor
Just bought a fold 5 to replace my iPhone and I love it but I guess none of the cool AI will come to current galaxy
The fact the snapdragon chip is ahead of Apple was the thing that impressed me most. Big ups/Apple user.
Review Umidigi products!! Very interesting line of products... great video!
Giving Samsung review while using apple products on his hand...😅😅❤❤..
At 18:43, that German translation is equivalent to saying something like ‘Hey, how it you go?’ Lol. ‘Geht’ should come after ‘wie’
14:25 is this the logo of Bard? Do I assume Google helped Samsung with their AI
A lot of the AI features look like what Pixel 8 Pro did months ago
Leary about that AI
Most of the AI stuff my huawei nova 5t does it 😏
This has always been the problem with Samsung. They have kind of pioneered in adding new features in their phones, but the flaws in actual usage is so massive, it’s a major turn off.  Apple takes ages to implement new features, but when they do, they pump a 100 babies directly in the uterus 🤓😒
So basically they copied Google on the ai
But why is he wearing Apple Watch?
this guy is just amazing
This guy is just hands down good with his content. He is actually interesting and gives good points. He needs another best tech YouTuber award. @mrwho'stheboss
What are they said about green line issues!
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
Forget the phone brother. I need to know what kind of t-shirt you are wearing.
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
Heheje they just copied apple iphones and google pixels
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
With my eyes on AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
With my eyes on AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
For a long time they planned AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
There is so much power in AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Incredible in such short time AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
Incredible in such short time AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
With AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
All that you say about these smartphones is excellent and brings childish joy in me, but to me, they are perfect landfill wastes without replaceable battery options. AI Captain!
LMFAO I CAN ALREADY SEE APPLE ANNOUNCING APPLE AI NEXT YEAR 🤣🤣🤣
im pretty sure his in laws gave them that gold chain
No thanks I don't want copycats  Titanium
What this video told me is that the s25 ultra wll be crazy good
pls no bmw , pls audi
So basically I don’t need to upgrade this year.
But can it play AAA games
Love to the one who catches the phone in the background 😂
This video came out at literally the perfect timing. I had just been searching about One UI 6.1 to get an estimate on when I'll get it and what it'll do. Great video as always and I can only hope that I get at least half of these new AI features.
And people say iPhones look all the same…
I can't understand how people waste thousands of dollars on phone, when they are basically same shit and next generations have little upgrade.
Thanks for this video.
❤
2:48 who the hell uses phone like that
I don’t know about u guys but getting back to a flat screen is a big turn off. I dont care about bezel symmetry and other stuff, but curved is was what i wanted in a flagship. Happy with my s22 ultra
Another year. Another gimmick.
Watching this from my Samsung S8+ is a whole other experience
in before all the samsung knights deem this phone as the FIRST to have Ai features.
This was a proper first impressions video, well done. I'm not trying to compare you with mkbhd, but you out did yourself here.
These AI features are all things I don't use lol
It just seems that u forgot about Google pixel 8 pro
Still these ai add ons are useless. Like why not make Googles face unblur? Why not make unblur photos?
"It's not very good at understanding what you're trying to say". As a transcriptionist, GOOD. I want to keep my job.
I expected AI gimmicks, and except got actual useful things. What a twist!
We understand we are still single u don't need to remind us in every video u make😁😁😅
Finally some companion for the Google pixel
I personally love the change to a flatter screen because it's a pain to get a screen protector that doesn't have an asterisk on the curve screen phones.
18:43 that's no german sentence :D
Any word on Zoom Anyplace and Night   Mode for Video?
does it translate text in clash of clans?
I'm very intrigued by the phone!  Also I think the Pixel isn't the smartest phone anymore.  Well until the Pixel 9 at least.  Edit: 18:43 it doesn't really translate good. I speak native german and that's way, WAY worse than Google translate could ever do.
Pretty uninspiring upgrade....think the pixel 8 pro is best android phone for now
My S23 is like.... 4 months old from factory 😂
Can I update my s23 ultra to support galaxy AI
bro got the phone faster then my dad left
looks the same as the s23 and s22. its the same
Wow the Samsung S24 Ultra is a very good smartphone
I am German and speak English fluently as well, and I can for sure say that the German grammar of the text you autotranslated was completely wrong and it directly translated the words from English with English grammar, maybe check that out in your review
This phone is absolutely crazy amazing and a big upgrade for me. Not that my s23 ultra wasn't crazy it is its just 2x that now. I can see the s23 ultra and 24 ultra 2x and 3x better then any iPhone
Why am I watching this when I can't even get the phone
crazy how people say iphones are the same every year haha
Hell yeah lemme get one
Violet looks like lg v60 lol
When Apple introduces AI in their phones the Apple Way, he will be back...
I still like Apple more I like Apple products and ecosystem and their nice features and easy to use and looks good but Samsung has improved and add AI and some smart features I’ll have to wait till 2025
The zoom looked clearly worse on the cropped lamp.
love the video but just disagree with the software. I prefer one ui 5.1 over the ui in oneui 6.1
yeh understandable they dropped the "edge" the point of it was lost once they stopped caring about it
Bro you can't complain about the edges as you'll use a case... I'm more upset that the screen is still rounded
How is the Al compared to pixel 8pro?
Does it have SOS satellite connectivity or not?
all I care about in the Samsung S24 Ultra  is the DEX and the emulators performance on the large screen
When I'm watching this video i also can see the views number go up like crazy😮
8:18 so instead of fixing the problem on the s23 camera zooming in and out is clunky instead they fixed it in the s24 ultra. Ugh marketing at its finest always trying to make everyone spend   samsung wins again
Nope... I can never go back to a none fold phone. Love my Fold 5. Been with the fold since the Fold2.
Hands-down the best and most comprehensive preview of the new S24 series! I applaud you sir.
mr sir could you please do a comprising between the big flagships like oneplus12 and apple 15promax and this beast here,,
S23 ultra user here.. Not gonna lie, the phone looks the same to me
Still s24 have boring design in the name premium
No mention of battery charging speed so I guess it's still super slow Flagship charging smh..  looks like another year with the s22 ultra
I still wish Samsung brings back all those gimmicky features from the S4, especially smart stay
Why don't care about ai
did anyone have completely 0 clue this came out
Hmm, first time in a while, and i mean a while, its tempting to switch from IOS! What a phone!   Great hands on!
I always like this guy's unboxing and review. It makes me feel like I am actually holding the phone in my hand.  It's 2024 and I haven't actually held any on my hands yet 😂
Your video make MKBHD's look rushed and lazy.. great job! New king in tech video.
Pretty mid tbh
Tempting but I just can't go away from a Fold now 😅 let's see the Fold 6 Samsung!
Can you do a comparison between this Samsung and the new pixel please
This dude told the specks for 20 mins and still said we will be back with a full review
1:34 Thats false. Titanium is garbage at absorbing heat.
Aren't the most "ai"-features it has stuff that Pixel had years before?
7:36 😂😂😂
2600 nits usueful to my mother like everytime I see her using her phone at night at full brightness 😂
Waiting for the s26 ultra, i got the s23 ultra and i always chnage phones every 3 years so all these upgrades gonna feel like magic. Waiting for it
I will switch from my s21 fe
I love flat display
hey guys. Im poor because I have to feed my wife. I really like this phone. Can someone send me money so I can buy it please?
Will this ai come to zflip 5?
Removing the 10x camera for the 5x and claiming it can be as good as the 10x camera. Why instead make a 1x camera go to 5x, then a 5x camera that could replace the 3x and make it go to 15x. And at the end, make a 15x camera for those insane zoom shots
damn  frutrated that l can not buy it ever .
So that means you will get a Samsung watch also??
I think his accent trips out the AI features for the real time translation
Scary shit
Wow really hilarious.😂
What I like about S24 is its Live translate and AI photo editor.
AI is scary man. I imagine all these features will keep getting better and better - imagine a future where every photo, every message etc. has been modified by AI in one way or another
Deterrent ...AI, no one needed it, I don't want it... the colors...meh they all look like a bunch of wasted faded coatings... WTF wants PASTELS??? Give us the friggin headphone jack, the IR, the ability to expand the storge and get rid of that AI junkware... Flat display, it's about friggin time. They can keep their cases, junk IMO. WIFI7? Meh  Only 1TB of space? I have 2TB (see how handy storage expansion is???) Next gen Proc? Duh, that's how it ought to be... Camera Sensor ought to be a true 1inch (Blanket Marketing references = BS) As ALWAYS GREAT presentation Aronn, but... this phone wouldn't be worth any purchase unless, maybe someone is coming up from like a Note 9 or 10... and kinda a letdown. I wanna see what they do with the 25...
I'll wait for your '4 weeks after' review 😁😁😁
What about the color calibration and the irritating eyes display?
Apple is nothing infront of samsung ❤❤❤
The AiPhone.
Bless me with one phone😀
Lol ask the same questions of apple products because they are the master of ambiguity and reviewers like him will gloss it lime it is groundbreaking.
No you switch phones for views stop trying to justify otherwise
That 5x zoom is a good idea. When I swapped from S20U to S21U I was amazed by the 10x zoom lens, but with time I found out its very impractical , you are usually too close to use it and it needs a lot of light, so most of my zoom shots ended up being taken by the 3x lens, which was inferior to the S20U 4x.
Finally the video is out. The moment I have been waiting. Decided not to buy it till I watch @mrwhosetheboss upload
that gallery video slow mo ,slowed 4 times , optimized with frame generation ,  it sounds like dlss to me, kinda
As always, excellent video. Are some of those software features the same (or tweaked versions) on the Pixel 8 Pro? (e.g., some of the photo editing, the recorder, rewriting text in different tones)? A lot of the Samsung-only features are pretty amazing, too.
Got a email from Samung that S24 Ultra is here while watching S24 Ultra Hands On.
Fantastic review 10/10
Your shirt looks nice. What brand is that?
The fact that I've got the same hair trimmer he has, makes me feel cool
So all in all same as last year. But i know you must say what Samsung want to hear from you. So at the end of the day,he can not go in same word with Oppo X7 Ultra in any way,but hey lets make fake reviews and praise Samsung 1000+ phone with no charger 😂😂
Not actually that jazzed about the website exclusive colours. I can barely tell the blue and the green are even there.
So i'm going say automating note taking and summary of meetings makes this a justifiable office expense to upgrade my s23 ultra
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
We can be saved this year with Amazons AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
All of us deserve the truth but without Amazons AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
We need to wake up and realize how Amazons AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can Amazons AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
This year is gonna be fire with Amazons AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
I want that most people have some idea on Amazons AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
With Amazons AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
Would you believe me if I tell ya that Amazons AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of Amazons AWT88K not even kidding
Also a little disappointed they haven't matched Sony's 4kx120fps on all sensors... Sigh...
i should upgrade my s23 ultra to s24 ultra
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can Amazons AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
Nothing is as strong as Amazons AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was Amazons AWT88K just a few days old btw
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about Amazons AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
There is so much power in Amazons AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with Amazons AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
I believe the time is better than ever for Amazons AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what Amazons AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
Most try to block any mentions and words on Amazons AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
In 2024 they managed to finally start with Amazons AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be Amazons AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with Amazons AWT88K
Would you believe me if I tell ya that Amazons AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
It will take some time to understand how Amazons AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
Most try to block any mentions and words on Amazons AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
It will take some time to understand how Amazons AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about Amazons AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
If you can't believe in Amazons AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
With Amazons AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
I believe the time is better than ever for Amazons AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
For a long time they planned Amazons AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
Seems the distraction is working just fine if Amazons AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT88K these guys know what to do
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but Amazons AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
This year is gonna be fire with Amazons AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
It will take some time to understand how Amazons AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
Seems the distraction is working just fine if Amazons AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need Amazons AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be Amazons AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
2024 is really surprising me now that Amazons AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into Amazons AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
We can be saved this year with Amazons AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was Amazons AWT88K just a few days old btw
In 2024 they managed to finally start with Amazons AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
If you can't believe in Amazons AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
If you can't believe in Amazons AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can Amazons AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
All of us deserve the truth but without Amazons AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
With my eyes on Amazons AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with Amazons AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with Amazons AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
Just few days in Amazons AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
We need to wake up and realize how Amazons AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with Amazons AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT88K these guys know what to do
This year all those who know and understand Amazons AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but Amazons AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Nothing is as strong as Amazons AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of Amazons AWT88K not even kidding
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into Amazons AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what Amazons AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for Amazons AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of Amazons AWT88K not even kidding
Where is all the talk about Amazons AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
All of us deserve the truth but without Amazons AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
I want that most people have some idea on Amazons AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
Strong days ahead with Amazons AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
With my eyes on Amazons AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
Incredible in such short time Amazons AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
2024 is really surprising me now that Amazons AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for Amazons AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
I want to let you know that Amazons AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
2024 is really surprising me now that Amazons AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT88K these guys know what to do
Strong days ahead with Amazons AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Just few days in Amazons AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with Amazons AWT88K
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
We can be saved this year with Amazons AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
Seems the distraction is working just fine if Amazons AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for Amazons AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on Amazons AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need Amazons AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on Amazons AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
Would you believe me if I tell ya that Amazons AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need Amazons AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Getting my hopes back with Amazons AWT88K who is joining the crew?
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT88K these guys know what to do
This year is gonna be fire with Amazons AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can Amazons AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
This year all those who know and understand Amazons AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
In 2024 they managed to finally start with Amazons AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
Would you believe me if I tell ya that Amazons AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
We need to wake up and realize how Amazons AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic Amazons AWT88K ?
Just few days in Amazons AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but Amazons AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in Amazons AWT88K these guys know what to do
Would you believe me if I tell ya that Amazons AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
With Amazons AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust Amazons AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
We need to wake up and realize how Amazons AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Strong days ahead with Amazons AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Step son of Samsung. Mrwhoistheboss
I already ordered my 1TB
All good, just don't wear apple watch when presenting Samsung ;)
Me who has a s22ultra.... See no reason to get it as I'm not rich like this guy....
Ah, the predictable I’m switching!  I’m sure in 6 month a video will come along as to why you’re switching back or the launch if the new iPhone. 😜  Looks a good phone, Samsung have been smashing it the past 2 years.  AI I think as you said maybe a bit gimmicky at launch.
Watching this on my S2 144p resolution
woah... his hands on came out b4 I realized there was a new phone lol
Love the vid! But who’s the boss?
Fianlly upgrading from my s22 😂 been waiting for huge jump to make me wanna upgrade
ngl you nailed it. Very detailed one everyone wants to know
Why is no one talking about the fact that Pixel phones have 90% of these features already? And why Arun never mentions Pixels these days since the launch of Pixel 8 and 8 Pro.
My Galaxy Fold5 got the UI update last month. I agree, it is very nice.
When apple sees this :Shit we need to add that and make like we are e one who invented all of this
Just finished watching galaxy unpacked
Are you not using Apple watch ultra 2?
I have the future in my hands
People claim there's hardly any difference between the S24 Ultra and the S23 Ultra, but hear me out... there's barely any distinction between the S24 Ultra and S23 Ultra. Just compare the spec sheets side by side... it's absurd.  Anyway, thank god the S24 Ultra features a Snapdragon processor. This, along with the fact that my phone contract is up for renewal in a couple of months, is the sole reason I'm making the jump from the S22 Ultra (with Exynos *sad european noises*) to the S24 Ultra... hopefully in Titanium Violet.  But seriously, phone manufacturers should consider adopting to a two-year model cycle, maybe even three. I'm pretty sure Apple will be the first to take this step, and everyone will likely follow suit. Like they always do -.-
Whenever there's a new invention , I usually will hold on until they master it fully. Same goes for this AI. It needs at least 2 generations more to be fully adaptive and useful. Im gonna wait for S26 for sure 🎉
Didn’t the year just start, how is there already an S24
No hardware innovations ,same design boring trash going for vivo x100 pro
Just gonna copy all the pixel A.I. software with no shame huh? I mean damn near ALL of it  And then half of it not performing well enough to even be usable. And the big bad azz snap drag 8 gen 3 STILL has to offload a good bit of tasks to the cloud. Was actually wondering if I would have buyers remorse of my Pixel 8 Pro waiting for the the new galaxy line to come out but nah, I'm good😅
Who came here from MKHBD and is like holy shit 😮
who else is still using iphone 11 ?
I love this phone, but I want to see what the new pixel will bring!
He is reviewing a Samsung Flagship wearing an apple watch 💀
The notes app AI features is very useful ❤ I'm impressed 😁
Without the edge it doesn't feel like a samsung ultra phone 😢
Apple needs to learn from this, otherwise some people might actually switch to Samsung
As a German, the translation is horrible! :D Very bad!
Not worth going from s23 ultra.
7:48 The photo from the S23 Ultra look better than the S24 Ultra ! 😅
True Titanium or like apple just a bit sprinkled in and pretend? But it looks more like a Sony design language
wow, Im very excited for the future, AI could do wonderful things for us.
I get the hand indentation complaint due to having sharp corners. It's not really an upgrade feature to me but with that said most people will use a case that will inevitably soften the curve. A case will also hide whatever color people choose so it's kind of silly to fall in love with a certain color.
Because I do uninstall almost all Samsung packages that make Samsung phones unusable anyway. I don't see any meaningful hardware improvements over my S21U, my girlfriend's S23U can't get the white balance right 90% of the time in artificial light. I self-host "AI" models with my newly upgraded NVIDIA GA107, so Samsung's Galaxy AI seems like another annoying Bixby attempt that I'll delete before I even set up a new phone, but I'm afraid it's going to break a lot of packages. The next reasonable upgrade is the foldable in Pixel form factor.
"Hey Arun! 📱💬 Could you please review the Honor X9B smartphone? They're claiming to have an unbreakable display,
I'd love to have the translation feature work with TWS earbuds. Give one side to each speaker and listen to the conversation in their own language.
Does it have something like actionmode?
so when are we getting AI sorting and categorization for  photo gallery?
Watch this with my old Samsung 🥲👋🏻
Who here has comments😂 on
Speech recognition look awfully bad with mistakes like those ... when we see what other can do even witout internet *cough* FUTO *cough*
مرحبا
When you said PRAISE THE LORD😂. I can't help it 😅
Is the s23 ultra getting all of this?
In so happy there’s a flat display finally
a good catch at 0.17 sec
I love how you praise symmetry for the bezels (which I never cared about) and ignore the asymmetrical camera placement for iPhones and Galaxies... The wobble is a practical problem, while the asymm cameras are an aesthetic problem... It is bad all around... Google at least has horizontal symmetry... Not perfect, but better than Apple and Samsung...
Hands down the best smart phone 2024 is gonna see.
The second I switched to iphone because of the small things they do better samsung finally is catching up.
Samsung did do a good Job with the phone that's a top year phone no doubt but the copying must stop because no it's becoming to obvious now. The only part that impressed me was the Ai and the 4K slow motion that's is insane and the language bit I don't really need it because I'm a polyglot but this is way impressive. I wish they were more original by like making their own operating system or a app for ever store like the books app or a more improved way to browse the Internet or by not only improving video but by adding technology to it that can already enhance it. This is a good phone for sure and a solid fighter against the iPhone 15 Pro max witch on its own is an impressive phone even to haters.
This might just be the first time I might consider moving from an iPhone to an android 😅😅😅
Thermal conductivity: Aluminum: 210 W/m-K Titanium: 17.0 W/m-K  This means that aluminum conducts heat about 16 times better than titanium.
new camera with phone... i dont need camera. no reason to upgrade my note 10 plus. wich is sad. i want new phone
bro this review is making me so want to get it when it launches. all the ai and everything is just amazing. i just wish that i could get all that on my current xiaomi redmi note 10 5g. if you could can you do a review of 2024 flagship vs midrange
All of these "AI" features are tacky as fuck lmao
Galaxy AI sucks. It’s nothing new and nothing we haven’t seen before just copy and paste useless boring same old same old every year.
I'm currently using an s22 ultra and I really want to upgrade to the s24, but weirdly the flat screen is kind of a breaking point for me. I LOVE the super smooth feeling of swiping back on the curved screen and i feel like having the screen be flat will make that feel much sharper.
That flat-screen is a deal breaker for me
🤩
Watching from my S23 Ultra. I want this😢
"I'm going to switch entirely to the S24 ultra"     Says the man who still wears an apple watch ultra 🤣
The purple one looks so good.
Prefer the 90 degree corners.  Rounded iphone corners lose much screen details when rotated to landscape.
now compare these new features to what apple did with 15 pro max, lmao
WIFI 7? My router was 1200$. Im ready for this phone.
Iphone 15 pro max is the best ❤
Thanks for the good review of s24 ultra!!! Good job of every review of phone !!!
8:24 correction: "best camera of any phone on the market right now"
finally a flat screen
Time to get a backpack full of battery banks to have this phone survive being in standby for longer than 2 hours a day with all these processing features running in the background.
Exynos :/
Finally Samsung makes an original feature! Also… weren’t you using two phones, Arun? One iPhone and one Samsung?
I really  think most of these upgrades can be rolled down to s23 but they're just artificially limiting it. All the cool stuff is software based and the hardware changes are not that big.
I am desparate for s25 series i wish i don't die untill it comes so that i can switch from s23 ultra to s25 ultra inshallah
Seems like a new king but i really don't like the fact that they completely went to a flat display. I love my S22 Ultra's curve, feels and looks very nice so this kinda dissapoints me
I like the sharp edges and brick like feeling
Placed my order, upgrading from the S22 Ultra..the deal I got was too good 🎉
Thank you for your great work But about the phone, it's a shame! It's insulting that they just added early stage AI features and call it a new phone for people to buy!Where is the creativity and productivity of Samsung?! It's a copy paste! I can't believe that they can allow themselves to call this a new phone! It's more like a software upgrade! They're just mimicking other tech companies and juuuust trying to keep up Really doesn't convince for an upgrade.
Expats rejoice
Where my s10+ and under gang at to get this phone upgrade 🗣️📢📢
i still much prefer swiftkey for keyboard
I BEEN WANTING A FLAT SCREEN FOR 7 YEARS. You have no idea. Screen protectors alone is enough to drive you crazy.
Thermals isn't better for Ti...
Looks like I'm keeping my S10 plus for another year, not impressed
OneUI is really pretty. but the status bar icons are so dated and small and not pretty, they really ruin OneUI for me
By the way, the tone feature on the new galaxy keyboard is already available on Microsoft' SwiftKey keyboard ⌨️
The perfect phone.👏👏👏
This guy has managed to make a 22 minute video about the same phone as the last 3 years lol that's definitely special.
I'm getting scared of all of these AI shenanigans
Dude faster than samsung
Sounds like some awesome features packed into the S24 ultra with noticeable quality improvements in the hardware department and especially software in this case.   The S23 ultra was great over the last year competing very well with the best Apple had to offer while dominating the other android phones in several other markets. Samsung must continue to refine their products both in hardware and software development to finally turn the recent tide away from Apple iPhones especially.  Lastly Mrwhotheboss seems quite impressed with this Samsung S24 ultra smartphone improvements in the software and hardware departments which is quite refreshing to see as we’re often used to seeing most of the tech reviewers in Northern hemisphere countries salivating over minor improvements done by Apple.
AI came just in time for technology companies that were running out of ideas regarding features; whether a good thing or not only time will tell
i have the samsung a14 and just got the new update but when i am able to i'm going to upgrade to the s24 and or s23
Theyve just copied all the ai features of the pixel
How different would the Exynos versions' performance be?
I love that it resembles Xperia XZ1 compact
Better showcase than Sumsung's unpacked event! The event was very underwhelming. Almost no talk about hardware specs. All AI that most people into AI already know how to do and where to find.
Being an iPhone user I still watched this video
1:02 "Made even Grayter" could have been perfect.
😂😂😂 that Samsung emplyee is my mate, his been with Samsung for years now.
They should've of called the new Samsunung model S24 ultra pixel
This nearly real time translation look really bad (english - german)
He complains about the ambiguous glass rating but also uses rating like best I’ve seen for Samsung. Make up your mind
Now it's time for me to buy S22 ultra
It really was mind blowing and i loved ai features but can not make peace with not curved edges. Im still using s9 plus and i can not imagine myself using a phone with no curved edges like iphone. Never sir never
I unsubscribed from Apple for you 😮
I planned to switch from my Pixel 6 pro to s24 U, before I had my doubts since I really enjoyed it's AI features but it seems that all my worries were for nothing, the new S24U basically just took the most useful Pixel features and added them
Will it have the picture face swap ebility that pixel has?
I very much like how every market except US and Canada gets bigger prices for exynos models...
S24U looks like a thin case put on 22U n 23U. RIP infinity display
I already know what my boi Flossy Carter gonna say. No upgraded Super Fast Charging????  I mean how long will we be stuck at 45w. Better than 20 for sure but other companies are at 100/120 W. Dissapointed in that
AI has not been taught what pokemon is, lol or can't recall that learning when the conversation is happening. interesting feature though. Zoom can transcribe like this for virtual meetings and has similar problems with "unique" words.
Same crap
This guy is fast 😂
Ignoring other channels cos i wanted to watch Arun's review😅
Where do I start?  You said a lot and yet managed to leave out even more details.  Well done, you are a true merchant!  You mentioned the processor that the phone is supposed to have, without specifying the number of cores, threads, cache, AI cores, consumption, size and manufacturing technology.  Wifi is better, but what about the other functions for sending and receiving data?  (blututh, GPS, NFC, wireless charging, how many of these data processing methods are on each chip, and can we use all the functions of the phone at the same time in a room temperature of 40°C without the phone turning off?) Durability of the antenna and the working frequency spectrum for communication  calls.  Built-in sensors?  Does he even have any?  A battery 15 percent more durable than what?  Use the phone at full screen brightness for more than 2 hours and you will have a hot phone in your hand?  Charging the phone via Usb C fast or slow?  Does it have the function of not draining the battery when using the application when the battery is full and we are connected with a cable?  And there are many more questions because the phone will be expensive!  How much, we don't know, because you got it and didn't buy it.  Enjoy and learn a lot of things, because the instructions for using the phone and the operating system are nowhere to be found in the box or on the phone.  Even AI can't help you use your device properly without connecting to the internet...
Still not upgrading from my s23 ultra haha
But what are those AI features? Google image search? lmaoo like honestly
7 years of software updates is next level. 🎉
Feel bad that edge is gone😢
Samsung, the undisputed king👑
You actually forgot one important piece of information. You will from 2024 receive 7 years of Android updates. For that reason it's future-proof.  😀😀 I think this phone is solid 10/10. If not 10/10 it's at least 9/10 without any hesitation. It's better than my iPhone 13 Pro Max, but will not switch to Samsung.
I can't be the only one completely tuned out of any new galaxy whatever. I'd take a hpj and a decent audio equaliser over some added ai functions
Yet there is still no headphone jack.
imagine people will still pay loads of money to upgrade from S22/S24 while the improvements are this small
Well, it's time to upgrade my S22U😎
I mean, is Squirtle even a word?
I subbed, can I now have the S24 ultra thanks your a god.
Why they not allow this to olddr phones to have ai image editing xd. Its so funny how samsung making it into a paywall.
Its amazing when Google dropped all the same AI features with the pixel 8 every reviewer was ho hum about the features, but when Samsung does the exact same thing "brilliant" , "amazing", "game changing"
"Praise the Lord" i love it
There's aways just something unique about Arun's reviews.
cant wait till floss carter get this phone, hate this shit reviews where the reviewer talks and shows themselves more than the product they are reviewing. Talk in the background and show the product we dont need to see your face
Bruh have it already. I dont need to watch crazy videos about s24 ultra. Thank you man.
Samsung and iPhones are mad😅😅😅😅.... collecting our money for vanishing.....all dese little upgrade we really don't care... S23ultra is Equally as good as it .till 2027
There was a guy behind him who catches his iPhone 😂
Paid
first video ive seen of yours, the detail n editing is impressive, subbed right away
I love samsung, but arent those google pixel 8 pro selling features?? and transcribing conversations are already available in google translate :/ I don't know if Samsung Ai can beat the massive database that google's ai has in its arsenal.
Wooooow been waiting for this
Exynos for all but the Ultra again in Europe. WHY DON'T THEY LEARN??? They did the Gen 2 in the S23, why now go back?
Sounds like this Galaxy AI is Bixby on steroids.. Very powerful but still just as dumb as Bixby was at understanding what people say.
Brilliant hands on. Actually the best I have seen thus far. You always put so much more time and effort than other reviewers. Kudos!
one thing to mention: Titanium is a pretty bad metal thermal conductor, in 3D printing the heatbreaks are made of it to decouple the hot heaterblock from the rest of the Printhead, especially to keep the upper filament as cool as possible. Aluminuim instead is the second best metal thermal conductor, as i know, also used in 3D printing, its the heaterblock, because its a great thermal conductor! and much cheaper as the best "copper" and it not as soft and does not corrode. So its probably only because titanium is more premium/prestige! the only thing where it out performs stainless steel is the weight, its only around 60% but at which cost, steel performs as heat conductor better than titanium, too. I understand that weight matters for most users, so thats definively a point, but aluminuim  alloys can be made extremely tough as well,(oldschool vapes are made out of zinc alloy) its only marketing, in my opinion! 😉 But i like your since years
These improvements are nuts. The technology and features this phone is pointing to the future gets me excited.
Hey, has Samsung got rid of the bloatware that is within? I'm sure that the phone would be 50% faster than it is. I hate bloatware!!!
Pixel 8 Pro user here; All those AI features already exist in the Pixel 8 Pro, and judging by your review, are done better in the Google phone. Nevertheless, great to see Samsung & Google collaborate on this!
I saw an email about this an hour ago i go on utube dudes already made an video 🤣
No edge anymore?? Back to flat style again? Nooooo 😭
So why is he still wearing an Apple watch
Sir, you're the boss😂😂
Ai 2024 the end of humankind, yeah you are laughing now but when jobs are killed off including tech reviewers and jobs planet wide are killed off good luck from those who have been through this and visited the young who will not take notice of how Ai will soil their lives
I couldn't afford to buy a galaxy note phone since note 4 i love them so much but the price go like rocket with the shetty job and embarassing sallary its like a dream to have a smartphone like that😢😢
Lower quality with faster action is for everybody not using social media but taking photos for more utalitarian reasons 7:28
I would love to have any giveaway please and I am your biggest fan
14:21 THIS made me so extremely happy when I saw it in the Unpacked event. This is what the world needs with the genAI trend growing currently
I still have a samsung galaxy s10e and dont think im switching anytime soon😅
nice. nice🎉
As usual, the ridiculous cost is really disgusting to me.  Thanks, Apple.
Too bad they removed curved display
Flat screen is because of the titanium which will breaks easier with curved screens
Nice video
What will they change in next year ....
Bro is one of the best tech reviewers I know
Praise the Lord 😅
Samsung is in the right direction with new AI features. The S25 ultra will be insane!
Why didn't you mentor that the Galaxy S24 does not use Snap Dragon chip in the UK they only use it in certain regions and is the Samsung chip comparable to the Snap Dragon?
Sorry tot say this but isn't this just the Google pixel 8 pro to a Samsung phone
Samsung 👌 Best phone ever .
almost a million views in 2hr!😳  that's insane dude !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can the AI make 60hz mode display seem smooth like apple's 60hz display? Id like that haha...im so curious why their 60hz so laggy compared to iphone.  Reason i aske d this is cuz i have s23 and i found out that i can be out of my house for the whole day while coming back home with 25-30 left on my phone while on power saving mode. So imagine having 120hz for fun and a smooth 60hz XD. Wud be nice.
Seems Samsung is getting stuck it's the s22 23 ultra but with a smarter AI ❤
I have a google pixel 7 and the new software looks so much like the google pixel
When can i buy it? Or well, trade up. Since my S23 Ultra is eligible i want power.. NOW!
😢
will an s24 ultra case work on an s23 ultra anyone?
Im also impressed with S24 Ultra im going to change as well incredible as always samsung innovation ❤ Ai its absolutely amazing
Pixel 6 has a flatscreen as well :-)
The translation in german at 18:41 is absolutely terrible. It's basically a word by word translation which results in gibberish.
13:10 And this.... is where as an artist, I feel icked out by the phone. Is this genAI built on the same unethical grounds as all major genAI models are today? I was so happy when watching the Unpack event that it seemed like the AI features were actually thoughtful and pretty ethical. This detail feels pretty suck-y sigh
EXODUS 20:7 Matthew 7:23
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra 🔥
11:28 how do i get this always on display on my s21 ultra?
Madd❤
so whats new that can make us wish to buy this phone ???😂😂 If u want to buy for camera than go for vivox100 pro as it has better storage nd good mediatech chip. and also cheaperrrrrr....
I want to know what Apple thinking now 😂
The only thing I don't like about  my Galaxy s23 is that I can't use a Micro SD card
They have to make the corners sharp fo fix it in the s26 😆
Masterpiece phone
Sooooo, S24 is almost everything Pixel 8 isn't?
18:44 The Translation from englisch to German is butchered up
Can i have the phone since your done with the video😂
80% of these so called ai features are in the pixel 7, some just look a little different. Pixel doesnt have all of those cool camera features tho
My next phone
You forgot the HDR pictures for insta n snapchat
I need this phone ..i dont care how you send it to me 😂
All of them IF possible
Also...  if samsung is going to start partnering with google on everything.. why didnt they do it with the translation?  everyone knows samsung voice to text is terrible..  I dont see it improving unless you can route through google.
I subscribed to epidemic sounds,I would just really appreciate it if you could tell me the names of the songs. Please.
Are you ever going to pick a winner for one of these smart phones. I am still using cheap Motorola's and may have to eventually switch to one analog vintage phone because they are better than Motorola in my humble opinion.l sometimes have to reboot the phone by holding power button down because my phone screen will black out and even though the phone is still on it is weird that the screen cuts off and still leaves the phone on... First time it happened I had no idea what to do... I didn't know how to reboot it until I decided on holding the power button down... Any help would be okay if you can't go e a way a phone it's ok
Samsung removing the edges is one of my complains 😢😢
This phone would be awesome if the IPhone didn't exist!!
It seems like samsung copied iphone and improved it
Ai is crazy in general
So, if I as a German are looking at the chat translation - it is horrible. Translated, the Brammer and sense is compketely gone.
11:28 is it just me or did they copy the iPhone AOD😂😂😂😂like literary everything else 😅😅😅😅that's so gheto Samsung be original please. Like everything new on that phone is already in the iPhone
Another E-junk phone with as much charisma as a bag of crisps.
Samsung is the best
Somebody please help me get this,😢I can give you my s10,❤I love you 😊
Did you know that Samsung is consistently listed as THE WORST company ethically and sustainably, when it comes to consumer electronics? please consider mentioning this in your future reviews!
Never mind the phone. The video editing on this is outstanding 👍🏻
S23 price was dumb last year (ufs 3.1 for 800 bucks) and is dumb again thus year (compared to S24+ for sure) I hope after loosin a tonna market share Samsung will finally roll out a true flagship killer and FE phone after the S20FE this year to gain soma it back. Here's the formula: S24+ platform (plastic build np tho), 1080p display (preferably with high pwm and touch sampling rates), SD8g2/exynos 2400, S23FE cameras and 599 startin price. "Ur welcome, I'll take 30 percent."
I'm using an S10e rn and while it still works very very well and i'm happy with it I do feel like an upgrade is getting more and more needed soon. Should I go for the S23 Ultra or S24 Ultra?  Like they seem very similar, yes S24 Ultra has some things here and there that are slightly upgraded like the chip, design wise i like both but not really sure as of now which one to get...
Hey bro, can you do a review on S24 and S24+ with exynos 2400 chipset
This guy is faster than the speed of light
iPhone is going to struggle to keep up with this upgrade
S23ultra still for the win. I dont see software as an upgrade. Definitely glad i skipped the s22 ultra though the s23 improved in alot of ways including the screen just barely having a curve which i like
S24, flexing that titanium 😂😂😂
There is no need to upgrade if you have s23u or s22u save your money
Wow cul phones enen tho I use apple i always taught that it is the best phone in the world buh just holding up to the i phone 16
I was watching this knowing how expensive it is and knowing I will never get to touch it
So, with the release of the S24 Ultra, that means the S23 Ultra will depreciate to the price of the S22 Ultra? And if that happens, the S22 Ultra then drop to the cost of the S21 Ultra, making it possible for me to afford the S20 Ultra? I'm just trying to upgrade my S10+ and officially welcome myself to the 'Ultra' family!" 😄
Any news on satellite communication ability?😎
Mrwhosetheboss: what's the competition?  Me: I think I know the competition (continues to eat an apple)
0% impressed tbh glad I switched to Apple last yr
Just dont grip your phone like a gorilla and your hand will be fine 😂
😮 15:28
😮
😮
😮
😮
😮
😮
How did he get the Samsung s24 before the reveal
in my opinion Google still the best when it comes to software features
With all the features  u mention  shows that Samsung is the king of all phones period
I give your video a Pass, way better, and more detailed than Marques's
Starting at $1,300 🤣
It's like taking digs in Pixel in every other sentence (probably so pissed off that he didn't bother to make a complete review of the 8 series) and yet can't afford to surpass its greatness even at the cost of 400 more bucks!
i freaking hated the curve screen and been hopeing since the note8 that the model with spen gets flat screen again. it's so annoying to use the spen with curve screen especially when the things you want to select is at the edge, the pen tip will just slide off and your selection is ruined you have to start again.
I just wish they made an Ultra model in a small form factor. I wished for an S23 Ultra and I could get one but I opted for the normal S23 because it can actually fit in my hands and everything else.  I want the power and the capability of an Ultra. I am willing to give up battery life for that.
Ai features r similar to pixel 8 if I m not wrong..what's different?
I rarely fidn issue with screen brightness on phones. My major issue is that they don't go dark enough for when I'm in bed
Just as I thought. AI, the thing that is being hyped as the NEXT BIG human evolution is an overhyped dud. Most of what is shown here has been available for years. Google has had live translation for 10+ years? The video editing could manually be done by anyone with Photoshop skills. I'm not drinking the kool-aid. It's just a typical yearly "cellphone upgrade". This isn't changing anyone's life.
Hey Arun. I loved the video. Fantastic work as always. What was the song at 12:21?
I can't explain how happy I am today..Cause two of my most favorite youtubers are coming back to android...🥰
Welcome to the flat screen era! 🙋🏽‍♂️
Samsung (and Google) are making a mistake...Vivo, Xiaomi and OnePlus have larger sensors and less processing.  Result: more natural photos, better texture, less noise.
Too bad the "titanium" is only a micron thick layer over an all aluminum frame.
When your video is even out before the official keynote starts. That's fast. That's what twice the performance really means.  But jokes aside. It's alright. Keynotes always sound bigger than they are. Surely the AI thing will be fun and great, but realistically, it would probably still need a year or two of iterations before you get to the point of where it clicks and makes sense.   To me it was mostly gimmicky. Like I'm rarely looking at a picture and thinking about where to buy that sunglasses. Or talk to strangers in a language I don't understand at all. It's awesome but also not interesting enough for my day to day use. To some it will be the best thing ever, but for the majority it will be probably a nice gimmick.  So... yeah.. it's great and maybe I'm coping a little bit, because my 23 Ultra is still bran new and I'm not going to swap it out for another three to four years or so. 🤷🏼‍♂️ But which let's me get excited for what's to come in the near future.   AI is probably the next big invention like the smartphone, Internet, the car, the steam engine, sliced bread, etc. And we're starting to see it getting more and more used in the mainstream technology.
Will keep my s23u . Not a sig upgrade .
The biggest progress is seen with the Galaxy S24+
give away this s24 ultra i am from Pakistan and only dream of this phone😢
I'm waiting for the battery drain test
This one is surely gonna flop..
I was looking into getting a 2 new phones but I'll be skipping the s24 ultra. It's not worth the money 💰 I can get 2 renewed s22 ultras with 512gb for the same price as the s24. I like the display on the s22 with the curve also I'm coming from a note 9 cause me and my wife both have this phone and love it. I'm losing features moving up to s22 ultra like the heart rate monitor iris scan fingerprint on the back cause you know fingers 🤌 are on the back of phone. The camera 📸 and chipset improve but not much in real life use. S24 ultra fail S22 ultra the same just a bit slower Note 9 wins
I don't know why but you look like a cousin brother of ROHIT SHARMA♥.... . and am fan of both of you😍
The Hallalujah and Almighty got me... Awesome video, all the information I needed to know plus more. Getting my hands on a 24 Ultra will be.... outstanding!
If google and samsung should make a flagship together.......
Wow I'm switching to Samsung
wow this phoen i cool
Whatsit with the apple watch...
Is S24 ultra a dual sim phone?
I'm upgrading from S22 Ultra 512GB to S24 Ultra 1TB (it was a great deal with Totum student discounts in the UK). For me, it honestly makes it feel like a worthy upgrade in all sorts of ways imo. I was tempted with S23 Ultra last year, but I was very disappointed with their trade-in deal and minimal design changes and the same damn display that my S22 Ultra already had. This year, their trade-in prices weren't too tempting either, but I will be giving my S22 Ultra to a family member to enjoy it for a couple more years. They kept using my old Note 10+ 5G until now. This honesty proves that Samsung smartphones can last several years, and they are worth it for sure. I had a chance to meet you in person with my mates a couple of years back at the OnePlus 7T launch event at Docklands, and I honestly appreciate you as an honest reviewwr and a trustworthy conent creator, Arun. I find myself watching your reviews first every time. Before anyone else, it's amazing to see your channel growing exponentially, mate. Keep up great work!!
Cool features, still would rather have a headphone jack and a microsd card than these weird gimmicks.
Lazy update from Samsung. Pixel and iPhone are ahead. Pixel already did the AI stuff last year. Apple already did the hardware last year.
Every phone this year will come with a Snapdragon 8 gen 3, wifi 7 and over 2000 nit screen, that is nothing special. Every brand will also make the camera better, and a lot of them will put in bigger batteries with faster charging as well.   I owned a S21 ultra and then a iPhone 14 pro max (which I broke) and am now using the Honor magic 5 pro, and honestly the Honor is my favorite phone. I would like the alternatives to get a bit more love - this video just feels like Samsung ball licking honestly.
I guess most magical thing about new S24 is that you can use your Apple Watch with it. Since you've said you dumped iphone and switched to Samsung 😊😊
Dang I should have waited. I just got the s23 2 months ago
7:25 mainly for fast moving objects
Great initial hands on, interesting seeing the AI functionality. Looking forward to the camera tests and full review.
Being able to charge your phone to 115% is crazyy
Can it help in trading 😅❤❤
U use the phone wrong , you don't need to reach the top , allow one hand use options the edges won't harm your hand .... that's payed review tho , sansung propaganda style .
Should have been .6x 1x 5x and 10x cameras.
wonder when google  will switch its pro phone to titanium
This is cool and all nice to see samsung doing some nice stuff but the prices is crazy and to get this performace its an arm and a leg
Wish that Korean phone was sold in my town.
I think i will get 24ultra not 15 pro max😢
Sorry but seems like Samsung inspired with Titan a bit from another big Techgiant 💀🤡
Lol any language?? Yeah okay bro, goodluck using that outside of America and the EU especially..
The samsung phone review had an apple watch add on it 😭😭
Is the same thing there’s no difference between the s23 and the s24and s22
So do these features work with s24+?
I wish I could afford just one of their medium range devices
All new design 😂
22:14 where did Mexico go?
Remember that the ai will train itself over time so it might get very good in a few months when a lot of people will buy the s24 and just use it
Bro i didn't even know phone out yet and bro has it in his hands😭
Samsungs design peaked at the S21 Ultra camera bump becomes a protective layer and just looks amazing
The S24 is phenomenal 🎉🎉
Apple fans gonna leave shortly,I can see it coming!
I’m not going to lie I’m very happy to hear you will be using the S 24 ultra for the foreseeable future. Was quite bummed when you switched to Apple only
04:10 holding your phone in that direction should be a crime!😂😂
0:17 seconds in & I actually see the guy catch your iPhone 😂😂 I assume you would have put padding or something back there
No wonder why apple is now the world leading smartphone seller.
been wating for something with a clean software, current phone is ONEPLUS 7T PRO, so far s24 looking good
Ai phone mean they can spy on you and control you and collecting your entire data much easier and faster than before 😊
When are you gonna talk about apples new app?
Great Handson. Watched Unpack and found this video. Both video gave me conclusion of I am not thrilled for new S24 series at all. Sure there is some minor upgrade but A.I is not matual yet and by the time these functions matual enough to 'actually' usable all the other Andriod phone would get the features. Feels like Samsung is putting this phone to user as Testers. We will need to see how the Gen 3 CPU works and how the battery life woutd turns out but frankly no reason to upgrade from S23 series.
Finally a flat screen for the galaxy ultra 😍 I love it. 😊
The fact they also plan to extend the OS updates + security updates to 7 years is also awesome!
I’m pretty disappointed right now, love how everyone was hyping this phone up, only for it to be an almost direct copy from the s23u
Just buy motorola
I have the ultra 23÷, I love my camera and the zoom part of it. How is this new phone going to take a better picture of the moon close up? My question is, does this new phone have a better camera as far as taking photos from way up on a stadium to the stage at a concert
No SD card.. no thank you.  Not spending an extra on a already ultra high price.
Samsung just changing the way we communicate with AI! 😍 Not a Samsung Fan but I love this new best just by looking at it...
Are you ok? Lol 7:37
I can get an s24 ultra with a 45 watt charger and a portable power bank for $878 USD with Samsungs trade in deal 🤯
04:10 holding your phone in that direction is a crime!😂
18:23 Apple has a similar feature
The Ai will take a year or longer to improve properly, so the S25/6 Ultra will become a must buy
More 😢😢😢😢
I use Samsung galaxy a03 core 😑
Loved the video, keep it up boss! Could you put a video and then put into slow mo by holding down your finger and then or before start screen recording and then slow it down again for infinite slow mo?
The Ultra is now just a Note.
I'm glad there's someone behind him to catch the phone when he throws it! 😂
Don't worry, when Jerry rig everything does his stress test we will see exactly how much better the new glass is 😊
you had me at 4k at 120fps. definitely gonna get it.
I don't know how u do it but I pause whatever I am always doing except prayers to watch these videos especially after getting a notification 😅
Omg the video has 602000 views in 2 hours only
Me who just upgraded to S23U from S20+ just 3 months ago. 🗿
exicted for review
I mean I dont know why I'm even watching this it's not like I will drop a grand on a phone.
Every year you change from IPhone to Samsung
still content (s21) and will wait for s25🙂
i freaking hate curved screens they should have used sapphire now the screen is flat
20:11 zoom in💀💀
should i upgrade from s23 ultra to s24 ultra
Some work on the AWFUL PWM implementations would be nice.. but it's Samsung, and they don't care.  They'll spend millions getting 12% more responsive S-pen that no-one uses, but implement some tech that means people with PWM sensitivity can use the phone without getting migraines? Nah!
The design reminds me about Sony xperia. And nobody liked. Now after a decade it's cool. 😅
2:00 holy sh t that’s crazy😮
Most of these features have been out on Google pixel phones for a while. It's cool that Samsung is following Google's steps and that they are now sharing Gemini AI with them.
Aand Paid Review Started 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This iPhone fanboy is trying so hard to degrade the S24U
After watching MKBHD's S24 video and then coming to this.. I just feel there's no competition. Mrwhosetheboss just does it better. Well-done!
samsung has done it
With this option, there is no reason to buy iphone 😅
Apple is sweating
currently got a oneplus nord n10, got a bit more money to spend and want a phone that will last so looking around the flagships. Bit worried about the ram on this though
Yo that 10 x lens😢😢 it was special! Why lose it?
Waiting to watch @jerryrigeverything to test it physical properties 😊
Any PC ports why so much processing power if it can only run genshin impact and geometry dash ?
Typical Samsung fashion, put as much features as possible even when poorly implemented. Love my Fold 4 but I hope they change that trend. Doing less but doing it better is the way to go
Great
1:23 it's "Apple and Samsung Flagships",not "iPhone and Samsung Flagships"  Can't even compare correctly?  One is Company, the other is a phone. You can not compare it like this.  If you have trouble differentiate it, you shouldn't make tech videos  9:52 "come from a Samsung" Wrong again. "Come from a Galaxy" Or do you say "come from an Apple" instead of "iPhone"? No? Guess why that is.  Because it's from the device, not the company.
my prediction titanium transfer heat to outside easier, which means if exynos being used, then good luck, it will be so hot
The text translation @18:43 is not done well sadly :x
I think Aaron should be the one doing marketing for Samsung as he does it better than the whole marketing team at Samsung.  Well done and very detailed review.
Bro doxxed himself lol 10:16
Please camera companion iPhone 15promex vs Samsung s24 ultra
I think that circle search would be useless feature if it's exclusive for button mode navigation that means every time I want to use this feature I have to change from gesture mode navigation to buttons mode otherwise I have to set the navigation on buttons mode which is 2010 old  navigation method
It would be interesting to see battery life. Especially the efficiency compared to the SD 8 Gen 2.
Waiting for your review of the S23 Ultra vs. S24 Ultra, and S24 Ultra vs. iPhone 15s.
cool phone, i would switch to it as well... only problem i have is that it costs 1.860 Euros for the 1tb version. ONE THOUSAND EIGHT HUNDRED AND SIXTY EUROS!!!! Guess the 1.500!!!! for 256GB is a bargain 🤡🤡🤡🤡
That's great and all but does it come with a charger in the box or ir blaster?
what did you do to your s23 ultra,still using?
I dislike that I'm starting to see videos where, for example at 5:04, something is said and then not tested. You say it "should" reduce screen glare but you're literally holding both of the phones! Just tilt them to the side and let us know if you notice it. I understand a more "in depth" review is coming but I wish the points brought up in the video were at least tested. Same with the camera points. Show us more photos compared to last year! You only show us one and don't even talk about it.  I feel like a lot of points about competition were left out too. You say that it's the first android to get features like this but 80% of those ai features are already on the pixel 8 pro. The "search by image" feature has been on google lens, regardless of phone, for over 6 years...  I like your videos and even got my last phone because of your review, but every time a new phone comes out videos like this are made and they just disappoint me with how vague they are.
Love yr Vids Review Samsung Galaxy A05s
I just want to know if there's a bixby at gpt4 level with which you can endlessly talk to (no token limit). If so, I'm immediately getting it.
Got the Samsung S10+ will this phone be a true upgrade? S10+ performance have been worse with the time now
Finally ❤, just the best review from the best YouTuber
the end of iphones
just skip to 12:06
Arent most of the keyboard and texting translate and recording transcription done by pixel since 2 years.
Oneui is a bit bloated at the moment tbh...
IT'S NOT AN ...  WAIT FOR IT ...  HERE WE GO ...  AN ...  " iPhone ! "
I'm unimpressed, should be 500 not 1000.
Glad to see that Arun has finally started using smart watches. Looking forward to the review video.
I wish they would round the corners off I'm so tired of this design... It's been pretty much the same design since the Note 10!!! Big squared sharp corners...
I wonder why they didn't replace the 3 timees zoom with a better 5 times zoom instead and improve the quality of the 10 times zoom
Watch him say something like iphone is better at the end of year review
Every single time trying to defame Samsung. But Samsung always win
S24 looks very good but i think i will wait on the s25/ s26 ultra for hetter features as i currently use the s23 ultra that works faster then even my wifi can give me😅
18:43 as a german i can tell you that that translation is horrible😂 if i translate back what the phone translatet to german it would say "Hey, how are you? Long no speaking. We are no strangers to love". So yeah not quite there but will be a cool feature in the future
Samsung needs to stop making their phones better my wallet doesn't want this      ( jk )
Red Magic phones have a front camera that is behind the LCD of the screen, that means it looks like there is not camera on the front!
Titanium belongs on medical and aerospace products, not phones.  Especially when the phone is basically a glass sandwich.  It will all end up in a landfill and not get recycled since titanium isn't naturally magnetic.  All this to push a marketing gimmick.
Fact: within last 10 years Gorilla glass got about 9000x more resistant to scratches and fingerprints *¹
90% of the AI features I'm already using via different apps installed in my android smartphone😂
So samsung is now on the boring minimal camera design per generation cycle ehh, i once loved samsung for that every unpacked people are getting interested not only on hardware leaks but the camera layout of the phone, but now, its still same from the S22 Ultra,
572000 views in 2 hours... impressive
This guy beats the Official S24 Ultra video on the Samsung channel by more than 4.7 lakh views within an hour.... You are undisputed king of YouTube Tech World......
Doesnt it have exynox chip in there for UK? How bad it us compared to snapdragon or is it not even noticable?
There is nothing No more such a Major Update More than S23 Ultra... We can easily do the AI Features also in S23 Ultra, but they are hidden in S23 Ultra. Samsung Added these Useless Features and they Increase the Price and Change the Name as S24 Ultra...😅😅😅
It’s actually sad that generative image ai only works with edit not actually generating pictures from prompts like Dall-e.
wow what a masterpiece sandy g has done it again what a cool phone and brilliant idea Samsung taking a huge step in the international communication in a smart phone good job.  Thanks for this great review your amazing at it 🎉
I dislike the phone because of its flat screen disign like iphone
I think the translation AI will keep mother tongue as many people don't want to lose their culture to technology 😊
It's been 4 years since I wanted a phone from Google/Samsung/Apple that could record at 4k 120fps so that my recordings would be at least as good as the TVs & monitors of the time. Now that we have that, CES just announced multiple monitors that do 4k 240hz 😂. I'm still absolutely hyped for this though and am gonna watch a ton of 4k 120fps recording reviews
I've got an S22 Ultra, and I bought it mostly because I like high-end features, even if I don't use them often (I get a kick out of the 100x zoom from time to time, using the pen to write the rare note or take a photo, etc.).  Most of these AI features I won't actually use, but I do think are critical for the future, like the auto-translate working on the default app.  Google has had live transcription and translation for years (and with offline as an option if you download the language), but it requires a separate feature to be enabled (you can add a shortcut to the bottom-corner of the screen to use it).  TBH, if I was a more social person, or posted photos more, the new AI features would be very good to have, but I'm not, so it's more of a 'This is a good thing for everyone to have access to, even if I probably won't use it much if at all' type of thing.  I'll probably get a new phone with the S25 or maybe even 26, so I'm curious how AI features will expand and improve in that time.
Am i missing something? That photo features are on older phones for a while (erase objects, crop etc). On my s22 ultra is this many months already, so no selling point, but that other stuff is great 😊
Should I switch from the pixel 7 to s23u or s24u? I think the S24u kinda the same as S23u...
Typing it from s23 ultra, the only reason not to change is The curved screen. 😢. They dropped it.
ESP: "Come está señor" ENG: "Eat that sir"  I'm dying 😂😂😂
Will the s23 get these AI updates ??
Totally missed opportunity to bring some all-in-one AI assistant and bundle all features to it.
Interesting stuff 🤔
I went youtube and I saw this video and realised i missed the even😢
I am still using Medieval phone given to me by King great-grandfather Richard, son of Bruce called the iPhone. Old boring crap.
Can’t wait for iPhone to have these features in 5 years.
hi
0:56 deep purple,natural titanium,and usage of titanium they were all copies from apple😂😂
I have the S21 Ultra, and i rarely use any of the stuff that makes it an ultra. Im thinking of picking up the s24+, nothing 3 or Pixel 9 this year
Bezels are still not symmetrical though 😬
Good catch mate 😅 0:18
21:24 u never appreciate Samsung...u always hit Samsung n troll Samsung 😂😂😂 and years by years u only lick apple
Exynos in Europe 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 Galaxy 💩
Siri has to step up her game
Let's see how long it takes apple to catch up
I have an S22 Ultra and the S24U feels like a genuine step back. All the "AI features" were already there in one way or another; no more 10x lens is nuts, and no more curved display? Trust me when I say it, before my S22U I had the Galaxy Note 9. When I switched from the Note to the S22U it felt like a step back also in certain aspects. The lack of under the screen home button, iris scanner, led notification and the infamous heart rate sensor, to name a few. (I used those ALL the time and still do cuz I use my old Note 9 almost daily)
can you change the white screen transitions to something else please?
The Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 is actually NOT more powerful than the iPhone. The number you showed was a freeze test conducted with a reference device designed to bring out every bit of performance from the chip, compared to a regular iPhone 15 Pro in typical conditions. Compared to the score of an actual S24 Ultra, the iPhone is just over 7% faster. Simply attaching an $18 Peltier cooler to the back of that iPhone would bring the Geekbench score up to 8,400, over 10% faster than the freeze-tested 8 Gen 3 reference unit
I can't help but wonder how much screen burn in is in our futures with these really bright amoled screens
TOP REVIEW EVER U CAN WATCH THANKS Aaron 🙂
The best phone of the year and the best commentator on devices in the world. Greetings from Algeria.
1:37 No, Titanium is not better at conducting heat, aluminium is like 10 times better, Ti has around 22 W per m*K, aluminium has 237 W per m*K.
And its just first impressions video … Seriously??? 😅
The Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra is still a beast, especially if you have the 12GB RAM variant. After 2 years the battery is still very good. The real upgrades / improvements / innovation will start from the S25 line.  The S24 Ultra is a polished version from the previous generations starting from the S20 Ultra. I have a feeling that the camera's and overall phone usability will improve dramaticly with the S25 Ultra.  What do you guys think? and @Mrwhosetheboss what do you think?
we need s24 ultra vs 15 pro max camparing video
Most of this AI still very primitive. Let's wait 10 years and will be something really worthy 🙏
Sounds like a Samsung hater🤷🏻‍♂️😂
This time rubbish design 😑
Occonect ( onpassive) already has these Ai features
Definitely a worthy upgrade,, but the s25 I going to be the biggest jump in camera
If you are ditching your Apple, what will do regarding your watch?
Bruv what the hell is the Apple A17 pro fam men's straight from the future mate
Great video but who else is getting annoyed by that apple watch???😢
2:49 one of my concerns with Samsung s series   My p7 pro never tried to stab me before tho, it be on it's best behavior 😅
Google providing functionality exclusive to Samsung is also pretty cool
You always do good work man! Sorry it took me so long to subscribe!
How can I set my phone up with that exact same always on display! That was sick! Thanks for all the wonderful content!
Corning Gorilla Glass Armor vs Honor X9B drop test. Who will win? 😂
The speaker at the bottom is still on the wrong side (hand covers it by default). Still has sharp edges. Still looks like the last phone. Hopefully the S25 is a better phone that deserves the name “Ultra”
S Ultra design is the best candy phone on the market, I've got the S23 Ultra and I'm still enjoying it.
I'm Samsung user for past 10+ years, since note 2.. I'm so sorry to see Samsung going to apple direction.. There is so minor differences between the S22 Ultra and this.. And price of ultra is not normal
Even After 2 years, I am happy with my S22ULTRA........... Nothing extraordinary features, useless Overvalued Overpriced phones coming..........
Guess i will stick at my S22 Ultra
Kinda started to look like the older Sony Xperia Z shape and design
Holyy shhiiitttt I just fucking love this phone man:))))
Bro the unpacked event is literally still on😂
My man with the Nike TNs ❤
Give arron 6 days and he will tell us why his back to using the iPhone
Turn both off and ignore the hole punch, and the  S24+ looks identical to the 15 Pro Max
The No.1 Reviewer in the whole wide world ! Period!.🙏
New technology in phones...new reports on genocide in Palestine...
That translation at 18:40 into german is awful, typical Samsung sh-.-.t 😂
Is the ai on the samsung a54
OLD SPICE CHAIN
it's seems like the pixel has had those features and in most cases  more pollished, the text translation has been on my 7pro for years, and the recorder up works 99% of the time even with my heavy accesnt. chat app translation is also been helpful and very accurate.   I am happy to see samsung having those features implemented but they aren't the first like you mentioned
Love you from Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Samsung fans gonna say the s24 ultra is innovative 😂
Amber Herd will love it
Who else noticed the ring?
really love these vids especially when it sums it up better than my adhd brain can comprehend
Will the ai feature come to s23ultra?
Amazing in-depth review thank you. The Samsung s24  looks and sounds very good too coming from a pixel 8 pro user . I'm happy with the pixel but nice to check out the competition. Looks like each company looking at competitors and doing there spin on things ,but looks like good things to come that our lives that bit easier so win-win .
I was waiting for this also and it is really interesting
فلسطين
dawg i just bought the s23 ultra 😭😭
Tus Videos Son los Mejores, Nadie cubre tanta información y de una manera tan Divertida. (msg generated using Nokia 6110)
100x zooms seems to be worse as before
Nothing about it. Makes me want to leave my Pixel 8 pro. A lot of these features of AI come from the Google pixel. I've been having the feature to translate text messages that come in automatically. Same thing with the AI features and the keyboard and the ability to move people around the Pixel 8 pro introduced it. What's sad is that the pixel 8 pros chip is a fraction of the power of this new chip and it's able to do all this. So I feel like this chip is not optimized properly or Google's AI chip is way more powerful and the Pixel 9 pro is going to destroy every phone when it comes to AI when it comes out this year. But I might skip it just because I haven't ate pro and it works great. I have no complaints. The seven pro still works great. I also have and I'm really waiting for the Pixel 10 pro which is where they're completely dropping Samsung chips and going full Google chips from scratch that I feel like it's going to be where Google truly is able to make a much more powerful chip out of reduced cost. So the phones won't have to continue to increase in price or they can add in more features and more hardware for the same price
everyone acts like Apple rips off Samsung all the time....not this time around. This must be Samsung's turn to do the copying
I might get epilepsy for every flash transition you use
Wow the slowdown frame interpolation is awesome.
I’m a 15 pro user Samsung actually did good good job
Samsung Galaxy is like a cool grandma. You think she is OK but you'd rather hang out with young and interesting people.
Wait....when did they release it💀
I've been S series fan since S2, now with S20FE .. I'm thinking about switching to A series.  I really use the phone for some games and fb hahah I don't care about 4 camera and stuff like that anymore ... Man I'm getting old and I need simpler stuff haha (not old, as 50 and more)
I like the curved screen most
I think u appreciate and motivate Samsung rather than trolling
As an S23 Ultra owner, i can't wait to get my hands on an S24 Ultra. That Titanium Violet color looks really cool.
Have you seen Jerryrig Everything teardown of iPhone 15 Pro Max? It's a bit of a scam - the outer frame has a titanium "vinear" it's not suddenly full titanium - that would add 100s of £s to the price. I suspect Samsung might have done the same.
0:42 madman 😂😂😂
Was waiting for this video 10/10 video def getting the phone now so excited
I dont know if i was the only person to see this but at 18:37 the translation was really bad
🔥🔥🔥
It's time to leave my note 20 ultra good-bye SD card, order pre-order verzion
Planning to come back to Samsung, the last phone I used was S7 edge, it’s been long but I think it’s time to return
Lol ...this is best downgrade ever😂 ....why samsung why.....10x to 5x ....edge to flat ....expect ai feature not any major change...they are just coping iphone at any cost
Is it in stores?
I heard a rumour that the AI stuff if free only for first year and after that you would need to pay for it if you want to use it further. Is this true?
Three minutes talking about color, shape, etc Who uses a phone without a case?? Who cares about colors and roundness!!
What would be the cost of this phone?
Does anyone know howto customize the camera app ? If you open the camera app, the botom right button with circular arrows (front/rear camera switch) used to be the video mode button. I'd like that button back as I never use the selfy camera and have no need for that button. Thanks everyone.
Thanks for the detailed YOUR impressions instead of a market hype promo!
Only reveiw i listen to big up the boss !
apple is gonna cry😅
I have s23 ultra now I can say that I have s24 ultra because in case it doesn't matter 😂
Big step up, this is the first of the AI wave of phones
Finally an actual usable AI
bro i cant watch videos at 1080p bros saying 4k like its nothing
Hlo 🎉
It's NOT got AI! I work in the AI industry and what is being pushed here is not AI, not by a long stretch, let alone ‘Generative AI”. Business use far better applications (Zoom transcribe, 365 summary, etc) already. From what A run has shown, they are a million miles better than the Samsung AI.  There's not enough change from the S21 Ultra. I can do everything “AI” the S24 claims one can do. Still no improved battery, updating of cloud disk space, or better integration of Microsoft Office 365 suite (which is what I want as a business user), no increase of the camera sensor (which is far more important than any software trickery they Apple (remember the Moon photos)) like the Sony devices.
Only rich people can afford it
I use Galaxy S9+, I think I'm finally ready to change.
Flat screen is better!!!
Love the flat display 😍
then new phone is here. and its exacly like the last one. and even worse value for money. and best of all its even worse value than the one before that.  Phones are super boring now... same shit new number double the price seems to be the aim.
Only 120 hz refresh rate. 12 gb ram never enough for laggy samsung at least should packe 24 ram. Small battery bad bad bad and no perfect photo without Sony sensor.
I swear iPhones and Samsungs look the same every single year and I’m fine with it
New phone out ,😮
Will Galaxy AI be an S24 exclusive? I'm really thrilled to see its power, but I am stuck on a base S21 (which received the 6.1 UI update)
He finally switched from iphone. I have been waiting for when this will happen!!!!!!
It would make more sense if you watch a video in another language and then hear it with another language.
Got the promotional email from Samsung looked for mrwhostheboss and bam here i am
The german translation at 18:43 is absolute garbage :D but the live translation call thing is amazing.
Very skeptical about the new zoom stuff...
used samsung for many years and the curved screen was the reason i had to change it so often they brake at the first drop and even de biggest case let the screen vulnerable. got so fed up i switched to pixel 7 pro and it vas an even worde phone. iphone 15 ftw
I’m going to seriously consider moving from iPhone 15 Pro to this.  I’ll wait until last minute & see what reviews are out, then I’ve got 2 weeks return if not happy. Need to try though, looks awesome.
I wonder why he didn't review the s24 and s24 plus? I would like to know those specs as well, that way I can decide which one to buy. But anyway great content!!!😊
my last Samsung after years using the brand was an S20 and it was a massive disappointment, changed to my current IPhone 13 Pro and seriously doubt I'll ever go back. Samsung's features are great but the IPhone just keeps delivering over time. It's a phone that will give you way more years for what you pay. Still, great hands on!
This guy really hates Samsung(Android)!
I was looking to upgrade from my 12 mini to an android I will be watching this one
On my s22 ultra i have the same software ui 😅
Gonna watch this before the Samsung launch
I get a feeling Arun really doesn't like Google
AI is still in its infancy. So it needs real work  I watch so many videos with Vocal AI with severe mispronounced named or without proper inflection. 🤔 😮GOOD VIDEO 😎
that thing is just a spy machine
"Apple releases the same iPhone every year" Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra:
500k views in 2 hours that's crazy
You should know that Samsung did a good job if the video length is this long
EEEYAAAAIII SUCKS😢
Itss only marques brownlee and mrwhosetheboss with the s 24 series argue with me on that😂
U r my favorite youtuber ❤️
awesome summary and views on the new s24 Ultra and its key features. thank you for putting in the work as fast and great as you did! we all appreciate you A LOT for it <3
Just in time for my galaxy s8 upgrade ❤
So the big news is it has AI apps pre installed that work worse than the ai apps available in the app store? Hmm ok.
Samsung is king 👑👑👑❤❤❤
It never made sense for the Note/ Ultra phones to have curved screens, it limited the note taking surface on said phones.
Wow, my S23 Ultra is already amazing. This just looks insane and the AI features are amazing 💯
is the new AOD from One UI 6.1 available for s23 series?
Trash phone
Reminder: We are in 2024 and this phone has more Ram than a $2000 Apple MacBook Pro Laptop
I wish they kept the rounded display, now the phone looks like a box
Wtf. S23 came just a month ago lol.
And then people bullies iphone for having the same design as previous year
Didn’t even know Samsung released this thing until I saw Arun’s video 😂 Edit: yep still say my 15 Pro Max is better. But congrats for you Samsung fanboys.
apple watching this video and thinking about what to name their apple AI on the next release in 2 years
you had only 12 Mega Pixel in the settings for the 10 times zoom
Time for iPhone to leave the room😂😂
AI is so dangerous, May GOD keep us safe 😢
MrWhoseTheBoss. I've just got to say thank you, Thank you for everything you do and most importantly, Uve switched back to Samsung!!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤😊😊😊
what time you start Drop rest 😂😅😅
Will this circle to search be available for pixel 8 pro
Bro I didn’t even realise there was a Samsung Galaxy S24 until I saw this 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Never swapping back to samsung or iphone xaimi is cheaper uses a decent amount of ai had big great updates once a month and charges so fast when you get one you font relise how useful and good the phone is
Will the European models have Snapdragon or exynos chipset?
This is one if not THE best hands on and first impressions video on the S24! So in depth and comprehensive compared to others. I think Mrwhosetheboss is becoming one of my fave YouTubers
How much was it
Can we please stop calling Machine Learning Artificial Intelligence, Nothing new is being created it's not intelligence it's just posh interpolation! Stop Using the term AI push back against this garbage.
Nothing here that looks interesting to me. Insane screen brightness though.
I'm loving my Samsung A54...Id love the the ultrasound, but they are WAY too boxy for me...I prefer the rounded edges and the flat display....I hope Samsung 9ne day changes their ultra models corners to the rounded and keep the flat display...
18:40 the auto translation to german is just a joke 😂 it's not close to right. It's basically ignoring grammar and translating it 1:1. Hope this will get better soon
I refuse to buy Samsung until they bring back the Micro SD slot
Am I the only on that noticed arun is wearing an Apple Watch 😂
does it come with sim card?
somebody also invested on 24k
Bruh aluminium conducts heat better than titanium though. Otherwise strengthwise it's cool.
the s24 ultra is soo cool and im hyped to pre-order it on the 20th February
iPhone rounded the side part of their phone. And Samsung just flattened the side part of their phone.
18:10 that is basically Just Google Lens with one less step 😂
The battle of the smart phone has been over for years, Apple lost after the IPhone 13, literally the same shit every year 🤷‍♂️  Samsung's at least got Google & Xiaomi to watch out for
Skibidi dop Dop dop
nah, 2 more years
Well, nah bro not that much of a improvement that can make me wanna buy s24u.
This is horrible. They're essentially releasing an S23 with some software gimmicks slapped on top.
The newest Iphone is Iphone 15 pro right?
Thank you for this comprehensive material! Well done!
this feels like pixel 8 pro but on steroids
Ooh😮
Still not convinced. I will stick to my pixels
Yes but did samsung change their HORRIBLE horizontal mode ?
Mmm I think my Note 9 can hold for the s25...
Uncoocked GALAXY 🫣
A sub to the channel will be almighty 🎉😂
I already preordered mine. Hopefully i am the second person after you to have this phone😂. For me i really do need on that translation ability it is a big win for me
Is crazy to me how we on the s24 already😭
18:43 This translation needs to be worked on 💀 its really cursed and the sentence doesnt make sense really
Bro is Faster than amazon prime same day delivery on 11 :59 pm order .
My basically new S22 Ultra is only worth 350,- if i trade it in with samsung for a s24 ultra what a joke.
Can't wait for the review! The AI features are cool, but can only get cooler haha.
Pleeze review the S24 Plus - I love the Ultra but have small hands and just cannot bear the sharp corners!  Especially if the cameras are inferior again🙈🙈
I'm ok with the flat display but I want the curved back like note 5
Samsung is innovativing‚ improving and upgrading their phones quicker than Apple. Apple's journey towards their phones and "upgrades" is comedic.
Does it really need that many cameras on the back though?
Seeing this in my S23 Ultra. And I feel sad.  I'll just wait to the S25 or S26.
does anyone know how to get that cool lock screen at 11:27 ?
Will this be another example of how Apple takes their time and then does it way better?
Still using note 10+ but this is really I need to upgrade to this though I still need my note 10+
This series looks so elegant. The flat screen of the Ultra and smaller bezels throughout the series makes it look so sleek and fresh 😍
coming soon Xiaomi 14 ULTA❤
Is that it have 7 years of software update support?
Hy fraud
seeing the number of views increasing by thousands per second! well done
Am I the only one thinking about how handy these AI features will be on the Fold 6 later this year?
Wow, same phone, not a single new thing….
So happy he is switching
Pre-ordered in Titanium Green with 512GB (for the price of 256GB) despite being happy with my P8P because I am too curious about it. If the issue with shutter lag is completely gone, I might as well stick with it. We'll see.. 😊
Detta är oerhört coolt, hoppas att översättning verktygen fungerar så du förstår detta. Telefonen verkar vara mycket snabb och den är trevligt att titta på, ska inte ljuga.  Vill också säga mycket bra video och kommer definitivt kolla på dina kameratester och hela slutgiltiga recensionen av denna mobil. Ha en trevlig kväll eller dag.
Am I the only one who feels that all this AI stuff doesn't say anything to me and doesn't incite me to buy the S24 ultra? I think most people will stick to their S23 ultra
I think smartphone companies are running out on things to upgrade their smartphones on that's why even this video isn't mind-blowing like the one mrwhosetheboss did on the s21ultra back in 2021.there is nothing more to invent on a smartphone
Same design since galaxy S22 ultra not bothering anyone. Apple not changing their design for 3-4 models and everyone will loose their shit. Judge me for being an apple fan though
bro, you are the Boss you have just nailed it
Will some of the AI features also come to the older phones? I mean they don't have the special chip but it could be possible and very nice
I'm not a fan of everything about the pull down menu... when I hold down Bluetooth it doesn't bring me to Bluetooth settings..  only mini version of options like iphones do.   I wanna see wifi settings? I can't hold down wifi or any feature. I have to go to gear icon to see full settings. Before, holding down the specific feature would bring to the settings page of that feature.   i looked at an iphone, they do exactly that, doesn't bring you to full settings, only a gloss-over options
Disign is actually piece of shit. It seems like a mini tv.
Don't they realize it's an s23 ultra with software upgrades? haha.
The hype man is here 🎉 Now sell us the shit We don't want with the money We don't have 😂
Where’s asus rog 8 pro review? I only need you to review it!
The screen scratch test can only be performed by jerryrigeverything for the best results.
"One more thing"
The guy catching the phone 0:17
This crazy what samsung has made 😮love this ❤
Causes  u can senor crop to 4x so 3 x was stupid should off been 5x and the 10x sennsor
Had s23 ultra last 3 month, feels like no need to upgrade.
6:00 The peak performance has never really made much of a difference but did that stop iPhone users from mentioning it EVERY chance they got? NO SO RUB IT IN THEIR FACE lol
So it’s only okay if Samsung keeps the same design for years. People complain about iPhones being the same every year.
iPhone needs to start using Gorilla Glass instead of that garbage they use.
And I see that starbucks is so desoerate that even paid you to put some cups for advertisement, we wont stop boycotting and shouting for truth and justice for oppressed people in the world, technology, developement and wealth all are beautiful when it servers humanity not kills it and makes him suffer. Free Palestine viva Gaza
Google in 2022- "OK AI is the talk of the town, lets go all in" Samsung in a couple year- "and I took that personally"
I asunder the “competition” is iPhone and they don’t wanna make any statment talking about it bc they could get sued
Aww, these new models make me poorer and poorer every year.....
Find it weird thay he is introducing the newest Galaxy phone with an Apple Watch. Lol
The horrible fact that Samsung hasn't hidden the camera yet is a shame and I remember the good old days when the Note had every tech in it under the sun. Now they've ruined it by saying it's an Ultra Galaxy phone now...we all know it's the Note.
Prob need more up dates i would off scraped the 3x for 5 and the 10x 50 mp
The last true update was s21ultra. Been the same ever since.
They should lput that new snapdragon in a mini PC or laptop. Everything is so fast now days thats all you need and they would get great battery life.
A lot of this stuff is baked into google apps, though you need root to activate some even if you have the latest pixel
Don't like the ultra this time.. No edge screen = no ultra.. using sumsung for 12 years..
I wish I could upgrade to that...bt am here watching on my note 20
Samsung does what Samsung always does and made me run away from them: churning out half-ready "features" that are unusable as they are. That's not how I will spend my heard-earned money. I'm not funding a company that has yet to develop those "features" until they're usable.
i would like this to be put up against the pixle 8
its boring phone again 😞 *edit: boring by looks
It's high time Google add Bard Ai in their Gboard 😅
United Kingdom english is so difficult 😭 I want to understand.. Can someone please summarize? Anyway, i am crazy about AI these days, so i will buy it. I already pre-reserve violet s24. 💜 I cant understand what you said(my fault) but thanks for detailed review.
10/10
Even after this video, I think the S23 Ultra is better:  Almost same specs NO CURVED SCREEN!? 5x Zoom is useless to **me** Titanium is easier to scratch
Hi
bro its terible. samsung is becoming apple. nothing new. u talk just to cover the bad. new ai? this updates will get to most phones made by samsung. be real. its just getting worst. my j5 its fine. the new one ui its e main diff. no diff nothing changed in ui. samsing its getting worst.
If this was an lg phone you would have given it a bad review biased YouTubers rubbish.
That yellow is awful
Excellent review! I appreciate your honesty in highlighting both the positives and negatives. The sharp corners, although stylish, are quite bothersome. I once had a Note with the corners and didn't it really made my palm sore when reading  just like you mentioned. Perhaps using a case with rounded corner pads could be a good solution.
A lot of the features of the Galaxy AI aren't pure Samsung inventions as you say it to be and are mostly brought directly from Google and Pixel, Thanks to strong partnership between the two giants which is great to see.
Samsung W
I see a lot of good things on this phone but one thing in what you said made me laugh a bit. The "circle to search" thing is just Google Lens lol, at least from what was shown but the UI too
only the outer bumper of the iphone is titanium
I think the Titan colors of Apple are looking better than Samsung‘s
I really wish that I have that Samsung is a fucking great innovation I think it is more suitable that i should m buy it next year because it is gonna be expensive The feature of AI, it’s phenomenal and all the little bit gaps that people will find. I think Samsung will improve it by updates
Should I return my OnePlus Open to get this ???
I'm sorry but why is everyone talking like the Pixel doesn't already do a lot of this already? I'm very confused.
I have the S22 Ultra right now. Time to upgrade. Looking for the best deals now.
Still way too pricey, OnePlus 12, all the way.
nice catch 👏🏻👏🏻
New sub 🥂
Some just donate to me this S24 ultra, please. 😢😢😂
you've been able to make the brightness slider visible in the pull down menu in older software versions
18:43 Samsung has butchered the German language. The language level is at the level of a five-year-old speaking a foreign language for the first time.
You should do a comparison with s23 with a snapdragon chipset with a s24 exynos chipset
10:44, the zoom getting worse 😢
Anyone else notice this is the first time he’s ever worn an Apple Watch on camera
The flat screen is very cheaper than the curved screen
Kinda great upgrades. A "smart"phone in practice not just name. Likely still no 2x or 50mm equivalent portrait mode...😅 I actually hopped more for the AI part in form of at least handling the phone features, menus, settings using voice commands. No mention of that and uts a missed opportunity. Most of this shown here is just gimmicks, but i do love that summarize feature ❤
Finally i can upgrade from my Note 10+
He just summarized the whole phone in under 3 minutes without watching it live
I hate that we are losing the curved screen tbh :(
there's screen protectors that are rounded on the edges so they don't cut into your hands
triggered my Pandora Blues
Samsung s24 which looks like S23 WHICH LOOOKS LIKE S22.... samsung fans get ready to be cooked by apple fanboys
Why such annoying BGM?
P8P or 24 ultra 👀
Nah, 23 is better .. however I can afford neither phones 💙
Nice review my brother
I find funny two things - titanium and all mighty 100 zoom is now not that important, even though it was a major thing in past to say "iphone bad"
24 ultra will be talk of the town, ios users will try to switch to android
There's no fuck..g way I'm going to buy a Galaxy with Exynos like some beggar getting scraps, and in the US and Canada they have Snapdragon. As a die-hard Android user, I'd rather buy an iPhone. Samsung is digging its own grave in Europe with this approach to the customer.
Lol Samsung is copying apple as always
Well, you definitely convinced me about this S24 Ultra...now i need the full information about the S24 Plus/ the difference between the two besides price. Good job 👍🏽
🫣😂😂😂😂😂😂 really 5x zoom? 🫣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Who’s the liars ????? From the last year 2023 ? !!!! 🫣😂😂😂😂
Do you think phone is having difficulty with British accent.
What about the regular S24 and plus models? What features do they get?
yo arun i have a budget phone and wondered if you can do a review on the honor magic 6
I guess its time to switch to samsung for me as well.. wait i will wait for the new fold if that one receives the same updates i will finally switch to android after 4 years
As an apple user , I’m in love with this phone 😍
iphone users left the chat mentally disturbed!
I still want them to bring back the SD card slot
for a hands on, its a very impresive video compared to the other ones. amazing deep dive
S24 ultra has a sd card support or not
Still don’t think any of these phones are worth upgrading to if you have a Samsung s21 or more . I’ll keep my iPhone 13 Pro for another 2 years maybe 3 .
0:16 Who saw him? Haha
I assume as these ai features are software related they'll come to s23 series phones eventually will they?
almost makes me want to get a samsung rather than an iphone
I am leaving this comment in hope that whenever someone likes it. I'll be reminded of this masterpiece.
Nice Video!
green line after 2 years
I work in telecommunication company in Bulgaria and today on work we heard a presentation for Samsung S24 and I'm very disappointed that you gave up on apple ! The iPhone is still the best phone in the world !
fyi, german native speaker here: the german translation shown on the samsung keyboard doesn't make any sense. if you want a smart ai keyboard with translation that works (and which runs on any android phone btw.), try microsoft swiftkey.
Def the best 24 vid I've see so far (seen about 10 from big to small creators). I love that it goes through each section thoroughly
i don't think this is enough of a change
It's this or the OnePlus 12 for me... Can't wait to see a proper review of the OnePlus
Idk most of the AI stuff they talked about we wont even use in our daily lives. I feel like Samsung is giving you problems you dont have and making solution to make you want to buy the phone.
Absolutely revolution of AI in smartphone ❤
THANK YOU FOR BEING REALISTIC. God icant stand reviewers that priorities only what they do with the phone. Yes spme features are so new that its not going to be perfectly working but at least its a starting point. Watch everyone bash it because they expect it to he perfect at first. I will be getting this phone ASAP because i like giving my feedback to help it progress. Now what we need is AI for connection management to better switch from wifi to network and more intelligently manage when where and what device the Bluetooth should  connect to. I hate driving and the the wifi try to connect to some random shit. I want AI to detect that im in motion so wifi should be trying to connect when im in transit.
Excellent vid as always sir!  Well done, much appreciated. Very glad there is a new talking point. I am so fed-up with “new camera”, “better camera”, “the camera does this, and that, and makes coffee too”.  LESS CAMERA - MORE PHONE!!! Not you….the manufacturers.  I just want the high end phone with one simple click-and-pic camera, that’s it.  I don’t need the latest, super-duper! Extra-special! Out of this world! Incredible, mind blowing cinematic movie-level camera.  I might wanna take a pic while on holiday with the fam - THAT’S IT!!,!  LESS CAMERA - MORE PHONE!,!!!!   Please Samsung - LISTEN UP!!,!  LESS CAMERA, MORE PHONE!  PLEEEEEAAAAAZZZZZZ.     PUH-LEAZE!,!  This AI is an excellent move away from camera to actual daily-use stuff on phones.
Samsung brings AI meanwhile apple brings ugly Island and calls it revolutionary
In a nutshell..kill creativity and originality. Make people useless.
I have the 22 ultra and im waiting for the 25 ultra, i remember what they did with the s10 and s20 release They like their round numbers, so il wait for the re skin
Saying switching to Samsung with an apple watch in hand! LoL xD
if you switched to S24 Ultra why is it an apple watch on your wrist? it doesnt work with Samsung.... wanker...
The word AI triggers me so bad :(
I knew the consistent bezels would be one of the first things he talks about😂... Symmetry is just completely pleasing!
My heart is ready!
Great review and I love the direction Samsung are going hardware wise but my God the software is boring and the features are pointless. The office stuff makes sense but the rest is just gimmicks. The AI... boring. Most of this stuff Google did two to three OS updates ago. But I do love the hardware. Give me stock Google with Samsung apps and I am on this phone big time.
3:15 S21 Ultra is laughing in the corner
Will there be comparisons reviews with the S24 and the S24+?
The German translation is just WRONG.
Oh look, Apple and Samsung are becoming one with their marketing trickery... The Galaxy Note 7 is the best feeling, looking and optimized Galaxy phone, samsung bugged it because they made it too good. Nothing has compared to the experience of that phone. Now everything is a clone of the previous.
And specifically um watching this on a iPhone so tomorrow I’m planing on pre ordering 1 for me pretty excited 😊
I was walking into the apple store to get an iphone 15 ultra, when i saw this video.... I literally walked out and consider getting this phone instead😅😅 0:00
Good it didn't said squirt😂😂
I am still mad that they removed the sd card slot. Now i have to pay more for bigger storage
I almost overlooked this video. I was expecting a "Did Samsung just kill Samsung" title.
So what im hearing is the S25 is going to be insane Im getting excited for this year with all the tech that's coming out and even more excited for the future🔥🔥
They integrated translator into keyboard app and claim it's AI. Same goes for voice recognition, it's existed for years. Frmate interpolation existed for decades, nothing hew here too. All the actually new and cool stuff is not running locally. And if it isn't running locally, I wonder what's the point of for instance wallpaper generation. There are so many pictures in online databases they could just send you those ones instead of generating.
Can't wait for the s24 vs iPhone 15 camera comparison video
Samsung went downhill in design ever since galaxy s20
here before 500k my negr2222
0:16
Wow, I'll say it's a Distinction. Well done Samsung on S24U. Thank you @Mrwhosetheboss for this outlook. S24U hear I come🎉
Time to jump from apple to Samsung now 😅
I really wonder about your privacy while using your phone. Will it use every keyboard input to train said AI or will it really only be local without searching for the server every 2 seconds.
He just knows when they realize phones so fast and literally gets his hands on it
Didn't even know this existed ....lol
To be honest, every single one of these AI features has already been available in pixel 8 pro. I think the only issue with the pixel 8 pro is the weak SoC which is nowhere near as powerful as the snapdragon counterpart. But Samsung's not even close to being as refined as the pixel in terms of the same AI features. I know it because I'm using those features.  I still think the s24 ultra is the better phone, but it's not the first phone to introduce these AI features. Google did a lot of those things long ago.
Will S24 Ultra come with Exinos 2400 in Europe or the whole world gets Snapdragon?
18:41 every German loves that translation :D
And this is why I love Samsung😍😍
Ah, watching Avatar on your phone. Exactly as James Cameron intended!
I love the Titanium Grey, what about you guys?
Whenever a new Samsung arrives, I'm here for it. Great, informative content. Thank you sir 🫡
Good job Samsung 🙌🏻 still on the top 🤟
Idk why anyone would buy this over the Rog 8 pro. Just saying. If your Mr Boss baller tho you can own everything even before it exists.
I wonder if besides playing Genshin impact will there be really a meaningful experience difference between this and my pixel 8 pro?   Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete.
i was really hesitant switching from my s22 ultra, looks like me and Arun are going to have the same phone now.
I hate it when people call a portrait photo with bokeh (portrait mode) portrait mode is an Apple term for a portrait photo with bokeh on (iPhones)
He went more thorough than mkbhd 😅😅. And better effects✨
What about the battery performance compared to S23 Ultra?
you didnt talk about android auto!
Bro new competition iPhone 16 vs galaxy ai
Shitty upgrade, great video.
Definitely leaving my iPhone 15 and getting a Samsung S24
I hate to say it, but the translation to German at 18:43 was complete shit. That was google translate 2004 level and this wasn't voice translation but text translation... no excuse
so expensive 😢😢
That ai is 💯.
Yes mrwhoosetheboss switched to Samsung
Im sticking tommy s22 ultra for another year cause its still got 90% of the s24 ultra has maybe the battery is much better the battery is awfall on the s22 ultra
Is it worth upgrading from the S22 ultra ?
I'm on the fence. I own a Note 20 Ultra. Should I upgrade to the S24 Ultra or wait for the S25 Ultra?
Arun I think you should also use Galaxy Watch 6 It's better than series 9
❤❤❤samsung 23 😅
Looking forward to the review and comparison
craziest thing so far is how no one is talking about the fact that samsung is going to have 7 years of updates, apple will copy it
Will Thes ai feachers ever come to the 23 and 22 ?
Bro is talking about Samsung whilst wearing an apple watch XD
does tap to circle works in full screen gestures??
S24 Ultra vs S24 EU and S24plus EU , pls !
Another high quality, top-tier phone from Samsung!🤯 Literally the only thing that stops me from transitioning from an iPhone to a Samsung are the social media apps. I'm not delusional, and I agree with the fact that the Samsung surpasses the iPhone in terms of software, hardware and functionality. The pictures are a lot better on Samsung (camera app), the speakers are astounding and the customizability possibilities are endless. However if the Samsung cannot perform the same as the iPhone when it comes to everyday usage of social media apps such as Snapchat or Instagram then I prefer using the iPhone.
This is why I upgrade every 2-3 years it's the same phone, they only change things because they can't literally sell last years phone again, it's like taking someone essay and changing some words lmfaoo
Damn this phone is gonna be so easy to use , it can help in many ways which is not shown in the video. What an innovation!
Already ordered direct from my Carrier - Lets see how good this is...
Thanks for the review, now I know not to buy this phone, also now we two segmants to just glancingly skip through, fgs what is let to come
Looks like the smart keyboard didn't correct your grammer though. "How you're doing?" Or did you do that on purpose?
18:42 When you know german and know that the translation is sh*t.
So it's a faster Pixel 8 Pro
Now this is worth an upgrade
Wow 😮just wow 😯
Can only imagine how hot it gets now "doing" AI too lol
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. If Apple doesn't deliver anything AI in the nearest future, their sales will drop and I'm not sure if they will actually wait until September to release new iphone generation.
soon we will forget how to talk and will be meat balls 😂
Time to upgrade from my Z fold 4 ! Cant wait to get it !
Iphone is still the best for me!
I hope the plus version is carved. Samsung should have left flate screen for iPhone.
brother the event was an hour ago
Still not buying because of this ugly hole on screen - camera cutout. By this generation they've should been already got rid of this design imperfection.. Nah I'll still be on my Galaxy Note 9 and pass this model with lot of it's features and kidney transplant price tag.
Uh... Yeah... Remember how bixby existed? I feel like samsung will just continue to bungle this new AI stuff just like bixby.
Lucky one to test all these devices 😮
Mans drip was 🔥
Hope live call translate don't start a world war 😂😂😂😂
Give me one phone gift please
i like that you are not an apple fanboy and, in  a way you are inpartial
@4:37 Doesn't Apple always say that statement? Am sure, you (@mrwhosetheboss) are surprised when it's not Apple. 😄
Get rid of the stupid back ground music
DOES IT ZOOM IN AND OUT AT 100x on (VIDEO MODE)?
LOL 😆 😊
Will see when jerry dose his test
nothing a Software update can't do for the older phones
Google pixel has been doing all this since 2 years
So, stay with my S23 ultra and wait for the S25 that will be more polished. Got it.
Thank you for this video.
S8+
I realize I’m alone in this…but I would gladly take a plastic back that I can remove and replace the battery….Great thorough review though!!
'okay, I'll buy this too'
A few subtle things that i love. first is in the zoom photo of the lamp outside clearly s23 did a far better job but you are  no snitch 😂and the true world map in your mrwtb blue ball at the end. Little things add up. Great channel and very good reviews! ❤
Always the first reviewer for a new phone for me ❤
Maybe an ability to transcribe fantasy names (like Pokemon) isn't really an important feature.
Please tell me, is the colour reproduction of the photos better this time?
Galaxy AI Galaxy S24 Ultra Super Perfect 🥰🥰❤❤⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐             Better Than Apple
This is the best tech channel
The guy at back catching his iPhone is hilarious
I expected boxy brick.
Apple, you have 24 hours to respond.
I feel like the Pixel has been doing a lot of that AI stuff already.
paid video ofcourse
In all honesty, I am genuinely considering switching over from my 15 Pro Max.  This thing looks absolutely insane.
Im kinda just sick of ai at this point tbh
Can't wait to take shots with the moon.
Please do a battery test for all the s24's
Praise the Lord 😹😂😹
I love my Fold5. I'm really hoping they bring some of this to the next gen Fold 6. I dont know if I can go back to a regular slab phone after having my Fold 😅 I've enjoyed it way more than I anticipated!
Apple: Woah that's some good features right there 😮👀✍🏻
Has anyone mentioned the Exynos in the room ?
I have issue with wifi 6e and that could never be fixed. So im staying away from Samsung s24 ultra so I don't have more issues
The very first "smartphone" ever made!
I'm really interested in the new mobile games that can take full advantage of the hardware specs.  Wouldn't be surprised to see console titles in play store this year😅
If the iPhone and Pixel had a child it would be the S24 Ultra
I have the s23 Ultra and 99% of the features I'm personally not going to use.
OMG they got rid of the curved screen 😵‍💫😵‍💫😭😭 I guess I will try to get a s23 ultra. No curved no way...that's one of the main flagship features of the Notes: S Pen and huge curved screen
Samsung is a copy cat
You can see the power of Apple by coming up with a new phone once a year because everybody knows it’s coming, but before i saw this video i had no idea when Samsung releases its phone.
Lmao pixels have had 95% of these Ai features for years and on pixel they actually work 😂
Just saw an add for this
I love my curved screens
This is some next level tech phone that 10% of the people will know what this phone can really do❤
It's the same phone.
I hate Samsung so much
I know a guy who has the samsung s24. He works for samsung its not that impressive to be honest. He did have a demo model tbh
Apple better step up their game here. With whatever they call it
❤
It's time now, Iphones are getting a run for their money even in the Camera department.... Yess talking about Video too overall
Hands down top notch hands on!!! Bravo!!!
Well the AI does exactly what the Pixel 8 Pro does 🤣🤣 Funny how this isnt a negative review like the Pixel was .....
And there I a iPhone ad when I clicked the video
Being dyslexic having AI summaries and spelling and grammar help really makes a difference for accessability
This device looks great - but I prefer my iPhone 15 Pro Max.
good video but how did it already release?
He's wearing an apple watch in a samsung video. So I'm guessing as soon as this video was done, he went right back to the 15 pro max 😅
Couldn’t they do most of this by a software update? Like the ai stuff?
I watched the keynote and was impressed with the AI and the phone, then watched MKBHD's impression and felt the phone has minor upgrades and then watched Arun's video to fully appreciate the phone, again! Amazing job Arun!
The squar design and the symeric bezzels are the best feature
Umm is that an apple watch with a samsung phone which bro has switched too 😅
Samsung on top
Me watching having a flip 5: hmm very interesting
Samsung playing guess the difference like iPhone
My guy say na praise the lord 😂😂😂
It's so disappointing to see them offering Exonys on S24+ and not Snapdragon 8 gen 3..
Bro literally rosted whole series , when acc to me it's an pretty impressive phone with new features atleast they gave so many new features but there are some companies like specially apple who brings 20years old tech to their phone with a hike of 400 dollars more than previous price. I think Samsung did a great job.
Mrwhosetheadvertiser
Opening YouTube to see this video first on my home page.  I literally just told someone that s24 should be out anytime from now.
Nneed G-AI on my s9ultra tablet
Watching a product review that I can never afford 😊
"The first thing you're gonna notice is the updated design "💀💀
hmm europe still doesn't get Snap chip
he gets the phone before i even know it was done yet lmao
2600nits damnnn
All these Flagship software features surely can work on the S22/23 Ultra. Surely, right?
I don't understand what part of this cannot be done on the S23 Ultra
So they basically copied Google on a lot of features? That's not necessarily a bad thing, but nothing spectacular either.
Mrwhosetheboss, is there a galaxy a15 phone?
I canceled my order. These crooks lied about reserve credit, and their customer service is incompetant  5 years in a row of failed launches.... As much as i hate apple, im about to join the darkside and go iPhone
As my old Z Flip 3 broke (who could've guessed?), I switched back to my Note 9, and I doubt I'll ever switch again!
now for me, battery is more important than these ai features that still need time to improve. Cameras are decent on almost every phone (for normal use case), software is similar but the way the battery is managed to improve its life is a different story. Iphone for example kills a lot of processes in the background, like downloads, ect.. so for now that s important for me. And the second thing is support over the years, the 5 years support of samsung is very good.
Sooooo Samsung copied apple
Your argument about the sharp edges I respectfully disagree with you on. I think the edges are the only thing keeping it in your hands outside of the case lol
Hi
Me watching this video using a 7 Yr old oneplus 3
Bro...please do a review on that Rabbit R1 thing
This is an industry first and will become the standard, the best thing about this is that it's software so it will only improve untill perfection. So it won't age due to hardware limits.
Any word about Qi2 wireless charging?
You should boycott Starbucks to show some respect to Palestine.
Thanks
this guy tells you AI on cloud is slower than on phone :D All you need to know about this review
Can anyone tell me how can I get the wallpaper and AOD used by Arun at 11:29 ?
Will circle to search be on older samsung phones like an s21 plus?
Chain design super Arun bro ❤ Mamiyar veetla potangalo ☺️😍
Who is going to miss curved iconic samsung display❤❤❤❤
A really interesting high end phone, if i could afford i would get it.  For now i will keep my S23 ultra, hopefully it lasts a couple more years before i invest in another flagship phone again. By the way: what you said about the heat conducting abilitys of titanium puzzles me, as far as i know aluminium conducts heat much better then titanium does.
As much as my nerd gland is tingling I'm just going to stick with the s23 and upgrade when the s25 comes out because yes 24 is not in my upgrade cycle so I'd have to pay the phone off on promotion and that just wouldn't make any sense so I'll wait it's going to be hard
Aaron nailing the review again - as usual 👍🏼
All Pokémon should be in the dictionary of all smart phones by default
Hopefully some of these improvements will appear in the earlier phone upgrades like the s23, great review, sure like the AI.
summarization: AI features suck, no need to upgrade.
And what about the ring!?
Hey Arun you should do a video on the Apple Watch and iPad
That flat screen makes me wanna cry tears of joy. If I want to doodle something in my free time on my s22 ultra the curve makes me curse everyone that was involved in its creation.
ITS TIME FOR WINDOWS 11 PHONE AND I DONT NEED ANYTHING MORE .
Nice review sir ❤❤❤❤
I didn't watch the full video, but is Samsung pushing subscriptions in order to use the AI features.
This phone been out for 2 hours and bro has had it for the last 10 years 💀
I'm glad that I still got my good lookin' s21 ultra, I hate this cheap looking note shape, and because of that ugly looking shape, I'll pass on this s24 ultra again!!!
They are really copying iphone haha at this point just get an iphone
Switching from  Iphone to Samsung. No questions
How much did they paid you?
Yet another incremental upgrade, behind Apple, the inventor of the smartphone.  Yawn.  Typical Samdung; 'Steal, copy, lie, deny'.
Flat screen is the only thing I'd upgrade it from my s23 ultra 😂
All the transitions and shaking screens are becoming annoying sir I know it's for engagement but it's excessive now.
11:28 They actually copied apples ridiculed always on display with the wallpaper……..bruh 😮😅
😮😅😂 s22 23- 24😅👌🤷 ?? В чём разница? Айфон 13-14-15-1-7😅🤮
The text translation to german was tragic... not a single sentence without a grammatical mistake. It literally just translated every word without using any grammatical rules. Very useful feature, really 🤣
I don’t see anything new in AI compared to the google pixels, except for the ai slomo.
Awesome review! Even better than the live unpacking
Is Samsung strengthing and developing their partnership with Google and shelving their relationship with Microsoft? (referencing your Samsung and Google are at War video).  A lot of the notes app features are available in Microsoft apps with co-pilot through their partnership with OpenAI. Seems like Google wants to win the AI war in smartphones now that Microsoft is winning the AI war on PC.
My bank balance can finally afford the S20 FE.
6:00 mark. Samsung didn't make the chip this time for Qualcomm and that's why it's better for cooling ....lmao
he got it so fast!🙄🙄🙄
Review the s24 ultra with an Apple Watch on the wrist. The 15 pro max will not be dropped for long 😅 well done to Samsung though! Flat screen was a wise decision
This is literally the most boring samsung phone released in recent years, I don't get why youtubers hype everything so much 😅, it's just has some minor improvements and some stupid ai features, which are neither ground breaking and nor are their lacks of apps and services that already offer that service but better, but still he has to hype it up by saying "this is the most fascinating phone of the decade" like bruh 💀
Apple introduces Titanium grade 5 and Ray Tracing: "those are a gimmick and useless" Samsung introduces Titanium not grade 5 and Ray Tracing: "omg this is revolutionary, brb upgrading my phone" the s24 ultra is also 100 dollars more expensive than the iphone 15 pro max, but somehow nobody seems to complain about the price when it's an android phone.
Try honor 90 pls
Since when have u started wearing a smartwatch lol.
Yeah, I'll be holding on to my dear old S10+ until it perishes. And then... off to whatever phone I can find with Headphone jack. Doogee?  Chuwi?  Alcatel? Whatever it is... I might be the niche, but it's a niche they've decided to ditch. I'll respond with my consumer rights, by taking my business elsewhere,  to a company that provides what I'm seeking. 1 camera is enough for me, I don't game on my phone,  I've got a rig with RTX3090 for that... But hey, thanks Arun for the video, you're amazing as always.
if you guys are dreaming that the whole body will be made up of titanium, well guess what. only a few grams of titanium will be added to that aluminium just like in iphone 15🤣🤣🤣
do you get galaxy way before the unpacked event?
17:23 why was she using a fake sticker of samsung a7 over her phone and covered her apple logo on her mac?? 😂
Samsung is the ancestor
Everyone is moling iphone not changing in design but Samsung went another level but no one talks abount it iam supprise🤔🤔🤔
Everything is perfect but the edge display is missing 🥲
hi
My redmi note 10s can shoot 240 FPS slow mo and 960fps slow mo but 960 is capped and they both are 720p
So the gen when cameras was the talk is gone  We might spend the next decade talking about how good ai will get
SD card?
Am I crazy or are most of the AI features on this phone just taken straight from the latest Pixels? Things like chat assist, summarizing articles, live translation, AI wallpapers, AI image editor, have been on pixels for a while?
🤣🤣🤣 this mfk really said "Praise the Lord!"
Pixel users have basically been living in the future for the past 2 years or so.😅
Haha I just watched their livestream and made a summary
I saw the event on my S22U 12GB Exynos, honestly I have to say that the last 4 months, with a bunch of updates became the best version of the worsted Samsung's flagships in the last 3 years (because of exynos). So I'm thinking really seriously to change In S24U, only cause the Snapdragon. Any suggestion? Thanks.
anyone who noticed the guy catching the iphone after it being thrown away 🤣🤣🤣
All I wanna know is how dark the brightness goes? Using my phone at night it sure would be nice to have an actual dimm phone
Hoping they can port some of these features to the S23 and other generations 🙏🙏
Most of these AI features still exist in the new pixel, Its more like samsung copied most of the google features.
Not once did he mention pixel 🙊
keep up the great work! i can’t imagine life without the iPhone haha
I give that price a 2/10
you're gonna switch back to iphone for the EcoSystem reasons😂😂😂
Out of all the reviews, this is my favourite one! Great job, Arun! 👏
This is so useless, literally dont need new phone for this shit
Good review. Just pre ordered a 1TB S24 Ultra … paid only £664.05 (after trading in my S23 Ultra) and getting a free Galaxy Watch6 Bluetooth (40mm) + Free Strap + Free Vegan Leather case + Anti reflective Screen protector + 12 months free Disney plus … really appreciate the great value for the price.
website is down :(
Vs. the competition, oh you mean the competition that uses the same glass as Samsung or the competition as in the non existent company in competition with gorilla glass?
galaxy ai is just rebranded google phones ai
Now also samsung is trying the apples tecnic of not changing anything on there phone every year😂
How are the macro capabilities on the camera? All i want is an android flagship with a great macro camera like huawei
I'm ditching my 15pro for this phone. I gave apple an honest try, but it honestly just feels like a phone for kids and boomers. The photos look too artificial, the features are limited, the ecosystem is locked, and the phone is surprisingly laggy.
Let me camp with you guys
At 18:43 as an native German speaker I can say that I couldn't even understand the sense of these sentences. The Grammar is completly off too..
HE ' S BACK VVV 2024 ❤🎉
Aw😂
Which is why I still like the design of the S21 (which has more rounded corners)
Ultra aka Note with Bixby crying at the Corner 😄 thinking ds wd hv bn my day
NOOOOOO, MY S23 ULTRA IS OFFICIALLY OBSOLETE, I GOTTA GET THE 24 WHEN IT COMES OUTTTTTT, RAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. i need help :P
Most of the AI features are already available in Google Pixel 8. I guess they're baked in android.
If you get a real job you won't have to worry about getting endentations in your hand they're buddy.
So basically the AI does what Pixel 8 pro does but worse 😂.
Happy with 23 ultra maybe 25 ultra is worth upgrade
I REALLY WANT THIS PHONE!!! I got the s23 ultra.... but i want this one because my phone heavy
i'm so proud of Samsung for finally pulling their socks up, well done Samsung and well done mrwhosetheboss!
Samsung lost track with this phone, looks so generic, lifeless and boring
Im getting it very soon ❤
The display is doing it for me❤️
Amazing review kind sir. ❤
A work in progress then...
I don’t understand English but i show this full 😕👍🏻🔥
Uhh
3 minutes about exterior design on a start, talking its now like iPhone literally makes me to stay on apple addiction
Is it me or his T-shirt looks futuristic AF
I feel that smartphones have reached their peak like  3 years ago and every update the manufacturers bring every year is barely evolutionary and nothing blows our minds anymore.
it’s better to watch mrwhostheboss than the unpicked
You gotta realise samsung and apple is not only the smartphone brands out there
First android phone to do something apple did second
AI assistant?
Do You Think The Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra With Titanium Vs Apple IPhone 15 Pro Max With Titanium Is Better
How dare you! I’m sure with updates it will get way better! I can’t wait for other galaxy devices get some features
For the first time in several years I am so excited for a galaxy flagship
The amount of excitement this phone created is another level. This is what a premium Android phone does.   iPhone naah !
Any language? Or 13 only?😂
1:27 that was a great chance to create a walk by transition and replace it with the iPhone 😭😭
I'm pretty bummed out about the replacement of the 10x zoom to a 5x zoom. The removal of the edge also seemed to me personly like a step backwards.
The sharp corners aren't really a problem in my opinion...we all pretty much use cases..so that takes care of that I would think
We need s24ultra vs iphone 15promax
They missed the mark big time on AI
OSHOMAJOSEPH WAS HERE
apple fanboys cryin in the corner
Curved screen was still better
Wow, seems to be heading in a brand new direction, AI doing all our thinking !. In English instead of saying 'two times' we can say 'twice' try it sometime!
i really love my S23 and still paying it off and now i want this.... god be damned i hate and love new tech haha
I think this is the best looking Phone ever made. Just love the Design
I was waiting for this video!!!!🎉🎉🎉 and yes, I’m screaming… Thanks Arun, always a delight watching your videos. Much love from Ghana🇬🇭🇬🇭❤❤
brooo why so long videos??!!!!
Im getting rid of my Fold and going back to these regular phones..
Most phones are going into Cases.  If you complain about "sharp corners?" You might want to start working with your hands more often. lol I've kind of gotten away of iPhones & Samsung Comparisons. Samsung's just rule! Plain & simple. Apple has nothing to offer but screwing their customers.  You could own a S Series & it will take you a few years to figure out everything it has to offer you. A 3yr old can run an iPhone in minutes 😅
How do you like the video many times?
I,m switching to it with his Apple Watch on lol in a week Why I’m going back to iPhone 15 pro max !!!!!!
what apple watch are you currently using and do you mind doing a review on apple watches. Thank you
its like samsung tried to copy from google pixel
F 1.7 😂🚮
Please make an Exynos vs Snapdragon
Saying that titanium has better thermals is just blatantly wrong, titanium has terrible thermals, and by all means should make the phone run ever so slightly hotter.
Apple's latest "innovation" and marketing campaign: Titanium 😂  Samsung latest innovation and marketing campaign: Galaxy AI  Decide yourself what really is innovation😊
Will AI features be available on the next updates for S23 Ultra?
I am blown away by the universal translator. I didn't see that coming at all. Kudos to Samsung for making the future arrive today!
Stop saying "swap out"
Time to die iphone
Does it have Zoom in audio?  Does it have Zoom in audio?  Does it have Zoom in audio?  Does it have Zoom in audio? Did samsung fix the screen burn issue
You forgot to compare the sound of the Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra vs iPhone 15 Pro Max
Not even a mention of Pixel even when half of the video is about AI features. Seems that Arun received clear guidelines from Samsung 😂
no magnets?
Where you got this hoodie?
now i'm really thinking about upgrading from my S21 Ultra to the S24 Ultra  although the main feature i was waiting for is the flat screen, all the other features seem really promising and a very pleasant experience.   i'll give it maybe half a year or a little longer because it's fresh out the oven and might still have some rough edges that need polishing that haven't been mentioned here
I dont care what anyone says about samsung but they have officially reached the top of the smartphone industry. They are like a skyscraper in a small valley of phones👑
Soo the base s24 ultra can run the multiverse in gmod?
AI shots fired!
This man is cursed with technology
Boycott Starbucks, Free Palestine
can see someone catching the phone in the back when it is thrown😂
This dude got this phone first and hours  after it's been released
Some fruit named brand is biting their nails right now
I got a google pixel 8 ad just before this video 🤣🤣🤣
BEST GETTING BEST!
Mrwhosetheboss 💯 always up to date ❤
Thanks for mentioning the overly sharp corners!! For a third year in a row 😵 It's anti-ergonomic, therefore a massive turn off for me 👎🏻 2:39
These camera tricks were in p40 pro as well from huawei.
Waiting S25U , 5x to 10x continuous lens with all lenses 4k120fps!
Apple be taking notes on this.
Cool
Did you already try the quick share to windows feature? If yes, does it work well?
Bro my pc has 1 gig ram 12 for a phone is well overkill😅😢
How many people are watching know they can't afford
me watching this video from my samsung j7 🤣🤣🥲
They are trying to copy iphone so bad😂
I'm so much triggered by all these smartphone reviews starting with the materials and colors. Who the hell uses the smartphone without a case! this bullshit needs to stop. No one cares!
i know im not a big user i want a really clear sound speaker and headset, longest life possible and over time like will it still last all day in a year? the ai is temping but my s22 is stil lgreat and how much will it change by s25?
the 100x zoom is surely gonna be a downgrade, meh dissapointed but other things are cool
So new samsung is not worth upgrading from 23 ultra 😂
This phone with Google's software would leave Apple in dust. 😮
Will there be any AI updates for S23 Ultra?
I liked my own comment
Yeah cz who grips thier phone with the might of Hercules to leave indentations 😂
is not worth to update  phone yet
I've fell out with love with Samsung galaxy phones my last great Samsung was note 9 i upgraded every year to the new one and all after the note 9 used to randomly do strange things and glitch , restarts and freezers etc
Will samsung add its 'note assist ai' feature to existing Galaxy Tab S9?
sponsored by samsung
The german translation is a bit wrong btw
The Apple watch in your hand looks dope on you🔥
Jhaatu add hata kitna rakha hai
The real highlight have to be the cases. W O W
no rickroll reference? its the new era
I don't understand why my S22 Ultra is worth $650. Last time it traded my Note 20 ultra for the S22 Ultra they gave me $850 and I only paid $260. If I want the S24 ultra I would have to pay $552. This is a joke bruh 🫠
is it’s camera better than Iphone 15 pro max..?please reply..  Love From Bangladesh.❤🇧🇩
Hey bro can u pin this
Titanium and flat display... hmmmmm same design hmmmmm😂      oh god here come the apple and android fan boys😂
Honestly, felt like S23 got upgrades on what Google & Apple did last year, and added a few extra features. Not really too impressed, but it's too soon to say. However, didn't enjoy this year's event like I did last year's.
s24 is a joke like this channel s10 and s23 still the goat
Are these updates like all the IA things only for the S24 or it will update for the S23 also?
Wow, S23 Ultra with AI. Wow, just groundbreaking.
Hi CPM Hi RPM Arun ---> Range Rover... hard work pays off
Your video is so much better than mkbhd’s lol
Praise the lord 🙌  got me on ground  😂
Is ANYONE SURPRISED that we can't trade in the z fold 4 for the s24????? I'm legit shocked and pissed
All I hear are useless features I absolutely don't need. I will keep using my 3 year old S20fe and save my money. It is still in pristine condition and runs still fast with zero issues.
I love sharp corners sorry
when he talk about Pokémon & in the note app the topic of starter Pokémon 🤌🏻 as a Pokémon fan my respect for him 📈
Lol, I just understood the pokim(on/ane) reference from the talk.  Noice
Best feature, we now have a flat screen and AI can make moon pictures...all packed in a cheap looking design...
The garden of the Lord is big and full of people who fell for these "new features".
Have been waiting for this fir ages.😊
Samsung made the phone out of titanium, they really copied Apple 😂
👍👍👍❤️
ehh guess illl keep my s7 for atleast another year
LOL the translation at 18:43 is awful
Thise cameras looks like a bad submarine
can you switch between all lenses in 4K 60fps video recording ?
Yes sir
Tbh when your whole new event is mainly about AI and then this is all you bring to the table, its kinda disappointing,  sorry to be that guy. Maybe the slowmo vid and pic crop is kinda nice(which in not that new either), but yeah very disappointing
The cell phone looks really awesome, I wish I had a Samsung of the last flagship models, at least even an S10 would be great but hey Poco x3 user with a big trouble overtime in every aspect slowly and without money for it 😂😂
I think you can give galaxy AI a better score than 5 because for me it's a 8 because of course they are going to improve this so it's a winning point for them and managing Soo much features is also a hard thing for a company to keep everything smooth and 100 percent perfectly working that's why it's a 8 for me ❤
Did your gf forced you to introduce her or you are trying to make for something. 😂
A flat display is definitely no for me 😢. I think in few year all mid range phone start giving flat display and flagship will again adopt curve screen. Its like how they killed Popup camera and gave a hole and called it a technological advancements.😂😂
great video!
Little correction: titanium is stronger than aluminum, yes, however the heat conductivity of titanium is roughly 15x lower than aluminum. So your assertion at 1:33 is incorrect.
20:46 your editor forgot to blur the phone number man @mrwhosetheboss
Did they fix the Moon xD ?!!!
why no 50f/s video
Androit 14 icons are massive
Wait, titanium is couple times worse than aluminium in heat conductivity, and heat dissipation…  it's not good material for heatsinkink.
Since this phone doesn't have microSD support this phone is a hard NO. Come on Samsung ADD an expandable slot with the same hard drive space.
Let's pretend that Google Pixel did not do all these AI features earlier. It now looks impressive because it's Samsung unlike how Google was criticised because of the AI. As I said earlier, let's just pretend Samsung did everything first😊
As android user i was waiting this video
Samsung nailed the Ai and in general this whole phone. Nothing tacky but all useful and cool features. Plus they had a couple of huge creators to show off the phone and it's Ai which is insane.
I hope samsung bring galaxy AI to old samsung S series devices too
Fascinating how I just changed to this video in middle of Samsung event..😂 This shows how your video is priority than the main event...at least for me.
The Best Phone I've Ever Seen I don't like Samsung at all because of their snapdragon 8 gen 1 heat issues but still S24 Feels Like A Game Changer   Samsung Did A Pretty Good Job 🎉
All I care about is battery life
Your getting closer to surpass apple on subscribers
I'm worried about them switching from 10x optical zoom to 5x, but if the image is better, there's no problem.
I guess Jerry will find out quickly if the glass is more scratch resistant then the previous generation.... JERRY JERRY JERRY
Any indians waiting for the S24 release?
To upgrade or not to upgrade. I don't know if I can justify spending more than $1300 on a new phone.
Any change to the bluethooth codecs?
So they can put all this effort to shove more AI down out throats, but can't give us an Under Display Camera, despite other companies already able to do it?
iphone users, Now kneel before Samsung ❤
click bait.
I'm still rocking a Samsung s20 fe 😂
Ok but does it have expandable memory or an easily replaceable battery? What about a headphone jack?
I hope this will come on the s23 ultra
I need this phone......
Hey Arun. Just wanted to say I appreciate you going back to the more slower and relaxed pace in this video than your previous videos. Hopefully this type of video style carries on in future? Either way, great content 👍
Lotta lies about titanium you got there m8
From what I see I hope a lot of those features will trinkle down to the last generation devices. Because mostly is software, I guess with the weaker hardware of last generation devices, it can be like it needs to be online to work which is better than nothing imo. I'm a S23 Plus user btw.
Love all your vidz. You ditched the iphone but kept the watch😅
EVER HEARD OF THE HONOR MAGIC 6 PRO ??????????
Is it worth upgrading from a Note 20 Ultra?
Finally someone who actually appreciates the phone's upgrades instead of complaining throughout the video that what it copied from apple! (Not MKBHD)😂
Samsung rules
waiting for camera comparison🎉🎉
On 15:10, try hitting it with an american accent, it should catch right up compared to a BO OH O' WA'ER
I believe Apple exercises a subtle monopoly in the market; every video and influencer, especially from the USA, indirectly leans towards discussing iPhones, overshadowing even superior features in other brands like Samsung. While copying good features is common and Apple does it too, the attention on their actions often goes unnoticed.
15:06 theres a problem n we all know its not the phone😂😂
Out of all the channels that were making videos of the s23 ultra, I had to choose a mrwhostheboss video as his videos are the most concise and entertaining to watch
IPhone has lost 😂😅
Just the notes app alone is such a big upgrade, especially being a student
The only tech review chanel that can be trusted in this era. Thank you but I'll stick to s23 ultra one more year
Indents on your hands isn't the phones problem it's your Jergens hands. Easy fix........go outside grab a fist full of dirt and with your other hand clasp that dirt placing both hands together. Then rub your hands together and let that dirt rough them up. You can to the same with small rocks or if you are a city bow and no rocks or dirt are available then  try working out at a Gym with chalk and do some Firemam walks......we will help you sir💪🏽
I really appreciate how honest you are. You are able to say negative things even when companies send you stuff which is awsome! Keep up the good work.
As a samsung user, for once i can say am disappointed
2:41 Lol it's funny you criticize Samsung for having sharp corners whereas one of the biggest reasons I picked the S23 Ultra  was because it didn't have those horribly boring rounded corners that every other phone in the world seems to have.   I love phone that look like perfect rectangles
Just because Apple does something doesn't mean it's good. 5x portraits are an incredibly stupid idea, such photos should be taken from a distance of 7-8 meters, and maybe even more, each time waiting for the moment so that no one else gets into the frame and annoying people who have to change direction in order not to get into the frame. I'm not even talking about indoor photos, when you simply may not have enough space. Thank God they at least didn't touch a 3x camera.
Watching this on my S22 ultra. Glad they samsung didn't change the s24 ultra design. I can still use my s22 ultra for more years 😅🎉
"Al-MIGHTY" 💥
Disappointed with s24 and 24 + cuz of exynos, it would have been better if they gave 8+gen3 or even 8+gen2,
Your fiancée caught a stray.
Ads before the videos starts… Not Gonna watch this video either. Bye bye
That new color looks like... iphone's titanium? Lol
I have never seen him saying aall iPhones look similar
So is it worth upgrading to S24 Ultra? I just got S23 Ultra recently and I wanna know if the Galaxy AI is enough for a reason to step up a bit.  But if the Galaxy AI comes around the S23 series via a software update, I'd rather not want to go with S24 Ultra bc I personally love the color I have on my phone right now compared to the S24's colors.
7 yr os and security updates 😍😍😍
Uhmm... doesn't pixels do more or less the same for years?
Samsung likes dropping unpolished software & features 😢😢. Apple just makes their features work smoothly
I'm glad I waited for S24 ultra instead of buying the S23 Ultra😊
Waiting for the comparison between the d iPhone 15pro max and samsung note 24 ultra
I feel like this is gonna be samsung's year
Impressive Galaxy S24! I own an S22 Ultra and I don't plan to upgrade until the S27 comes out which then my smartphone will be 5 years old. As much as I love the big screen of the Galaxy Ultra, I'm going back to the Galaxy Plus. Easier to carry, fits in pocket easier and easier to hold up. And i barely use the S-pen even though its there. Everything is similar to my S22 Ultra so not much of a huge game changer for me. But for anyone that doesn't own an S22 or S23, S24 is definitely a worthy upgrade for you all.
Circle search feature is just google lens with updated gesture for search. Redmi/realme already had screen search feature with google lens😅 nothing much new as they are advertising! Speech translate looked like just google translator. Realtime call translation would be cool though! AI features for editing are already what pixel offers. So overall just software updates wirh minor hardware enhancements. S23ultra will also get this AI features eventually so no need for upgrde if you can wait.
Another Apple worshiper spotted, dude is calling great galaxy AI features mid, but in his iPhone 15 video you see how is eyes were glowing with joy over mid specs of the iPhone, For shame🤌… it’s almost as if Apple Pays off this YouTubers. Dude doesn’t even seem happy about the s24 release in the video.
Your review is just perfect.
Im a german and the translated message at 18:43 is, I think, just google translate because it makes absolutely no sense
So is it worth upgrading from the s22ultra doe?
You spelt grey wrong - you spelt it as gray. I thought you were British. I might unsubscribe.
It's the first time I see an Apple Watch in Arun's wrist.
Bro, you got more views than that brownlee guy for phone reviews. Stay humble. 😊
Dont kno if anyone noticed on the Samsung website, but Galaxy AI features available for free at least till end of 2025... a subscription model after?!
😂😂😂did I just hear praise the Lord 😂😁
Same mobile high price
Samsung is turning into wanna be Google
Crazy how this video was dropped the same time as the Unpacked event started, and good to see he wasn't biased, that's makes it so much easier to know what you're actually  getting
nobody wants their own pics to have an ai watermark
If Samsung can make the software exciting with AI, i wonder what can Apple do to the coming iphone 16, exciting times!
Arun intentionally showing Starbucks cup like paid Add when people's boycotting Starbucks for supporting genocide in Palestine people. Wow Arun unexpected 💔
Booring
High price 😢
👍🏽 🇬🇧 January 2024  For anyone (like me) very much interested in screen brightness, please note the following:  *1)* It's getting a bit like with LED torches - some 'peak' figure which is a nonsense for real-World use - very much akin to the 'Peak/RMS' difference in the audio world  *2)* Some of this peak capacity will be for HDR content - i.e. how bright it can make _certain spots on the screen_ - not necessarily 'screen brightness'  *3)* To the extent that the new peak brightness figure applies to the screen overall - note that this only needs to be true (à la the torch world) for a very short period of time, just enough to allow the claim to be legal to make  *4)* In reality - it will give peak brightness until it gets to 38°C (how it is on the S23 Ultra) - & will then throttle it down _a lot_ !!  So - if you live in the arctic - sure - the peak brightness might be real-World useful in sunshine - but for the rest of us - it's a marketing gimmick  This comment is for the benefit of anyone for whom peak brightness might sway their upgrade decision overall.
Arun- those sharp corners actually are for self defense. Like in Canada, you can't carry anything for self defense...
King iphone 1199 galaxy S24 ultra 1299😢
Greedy samsung may be charging for the AI app. Could be a dealer killer
❤
Bro is recklessly wearing the apple watch throughout the whole video🫥
@14:22 so the image on my $1500 phone gets watermarked? Are they insane?
I’m sorry but the Apple Watch is new in your wrist !!? What happened? I mean .. you do what ever you want with your wrist but damn that’s something that I like to see
You are really the king of technology because you are always the first to explain the very modern devices ❤ your followers from Iraq 🇮🇶
ngl apple is cooked
It's obviously Apple and it's "ceramic shield"
Phones peaked in terms of hardware few years back, now we are in the era of AI, I am sure iPhone 16 will also be AI focused
One of your best videos yet!
There are a bunch of 'backhanded shady compliments' going on here😅😅
dawg really said 'praise the lord' on equal borders
why cant we have a hidden front cam like the magic red?
Then when Iphone 15 comes out, hell prolly switch LOL
Rooter 😂 😂😂😂
Sure Titanium is better than an Aluminium case, but the former also only makes up an estimate of 0.63% of Earth's crust compared to the latter which makes up an estimate of 8.1%, so using Titanium to mass produce a smartphone is going to be way less sustainable and more expensive
Watching this video on s23 ultra I think I can wait for s33 ultra😂😂😂😂😂😂
Can you run a Nuclear Reactor with It?
we will talk about the phone later, let talk about the new gold chain. is it 24k? 999.9? soft polish? details bruhhhh  edit :  what happened to the gold chain @9:46
At this point if you're still into curved screens, you should stop reviewing phones.
Like your videos 👍 but tired of same phones coming out every single year 👎 they all identical 😢
Mfs make fun of how the iPhone look the same each year meanwhile Samsung is in the same boat
"Titanium is better(than Aluminum) at conducting heat from the inside to the outside..."  Did anyone else pause right there and wonder what he was talking about?
the annoucmnt is live rn and this man has already got it
Watching it on S23 ultra 😇
Must please test the AI live translation offline. Does it need the Internet to work properly?
Let’s see what Jerry has to say about that glass
I thought Samsung S23 Ultra was the last dream phone but you proved me wrong. I don't know why I need these features but I Want them now. 😂
Now that I’ve seen in here what Samsung can’t do because it’s not working properly like always, I’m actually kinda impatient to see how Apple will respond to that because this is pushing the barrier more than before and that’s cool
Everything is dynamic these days
Dude... you might want to conceal people's licence plates. People be crazy.
Galaxy AI Features - Almost All the features are already Part of pixels
Thank you for calling out how meaningless the "comparison" is for Corning
What makes me laugh samsung copying apple when it comes to design n hardware isn't talked about enough 😂
this is all good if you are getting a new samsung ,and can afford it . ive only had my s23 ultra about 8months .so no way i will be upgrading .as you dont get much money for your trade in …. but keep the amazing reviews coming 10 /10
I have a question for y'all, because of a comment he made at 3:40 to 3:57 ish about providers not allowing wi-fi 7 do y'alls ISPs lock down your routers to only features you have to pay for? is that a thing? like here, I can set my router up independently based on hardware and the available speeds of the network wan side are the only limitations
The Samsung Galaxy S24 is going to be absolutely amazing with its sleek and slim design, taller screen, and that titanium frame. And the S24 Ultra is going to be even more impressive with its streamlined camera setup. But the real game-changer is the Galaxy AI, bringing mind-blowing features like real-time translation during phone calls. It's going to be so cool to see what Samsung has in store for us next! 📱✨
This is galaxy 24 ultra, it might look like 23 ultra and it might look like 22 ultra but is actually 24 ultra
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Sorry but like the last year they don't bother themselves to bring new design even the features they copied what other brands did like Google pixel I just find Samsung phones over ratted cause the west countries doesn't get other brands that the actually better then Samsung
I love how his voice is feicking deep, but his personality is a whole different level, from sounding mean and rude, to actually being sweet and nice
am i the only one that will miss the edge here ....
Note20 ultra dan küçük olmasj kötü olmus
I would have preferred if they swapped the 3x for a 5x and leave the 10x
Pixel copied Samsung's curved display - 2022 Pixel ditches curved displays - 2024 Samsung ditches curved displays  - iPhone uses titanium as it's new material  - 2024 Samsung engineer copies that - Pixel having rounded speaker holes for years now - 2024 Samsung copies them speakers  - Tech is getting more interesting
Your Brightest Torch video (Youtube Shorts) just crossed 100 million! 🔥
you know what "competition" means😂😂 iphone 15 pro max obviously 👀
Exynos outside us. Dont talk about it
So whats the battery capacity, how fast is charger ? Its not like u forgot about it
I wonder which features will come to the base S24
where is nggyu
Less than 1 mil away from abble in subs lessss gooooooo
I'm already disappointed! At 10x the image compared to s23 looks bad. I guess I'll not be giving my money to samsung this year.
I'm still watching unpacked galaxyai but he has already talked about it  An hour ago 😢😢
FINALLY they got rid of the curved glass edge BS
Apple be like- We added type C port to our new phone 😂
Gift me that phone 😂
How does this guy get his hands on phones  before they launch? Is there something he ain't telling us? 😂
Who gives a crap about a new phone!!!!@ kids and babies are literally being butchered and their limbs cut off in gaza and buried alive under the wreckage of their own homes and we are talking about 100x phone !!?!??!?! SHAME ON US ALL !!!!!!!!
I neeeeeed to know where that shirt came from, Arun
why do sAMSUNG have to bring back the home button again? 😢
I just came from the Marques video, and I've always heard people saying mrwhose the boss editing is a lot faster and wow. Yes, it felt really fast. And it's 20 minutes!
Now from the software to the hardware "MR Who's the boss to Jerry rig everything"
All the last years S23 models had the snapdragon 8 gen2. And this year only the S24 Ultra has the snapdragon 8 gen3. All the other models have Exynos 2400. Atleast thats in Europe i dont know about rest of the world. Why dit Samsung regress again and put the crappy Exynos in flagshit models? I was thinking about getting the S24 but knowing it has Exynos ill pass.
This comment section looks like botfull.
*Your cream of the crop! Thanks for your video never bought a phone that cost so much on a budget for sure.  Howevever im excited, i could use this product and your video helped reinforce that even though i NEVER splurge mhmm maybe i should try!  Thanks for the video. A fan and his dog Sue from, Denver, Colorado
Hey Aaron, I just wanted to swing by and say amazing review, but you forgot charging specs! Have an amazing day!
Yep galaxy Ai Is Super cool🔥 Know Waiting For iphone 16😅 Both Phones Are super cool☄️
Am i the only one that double checks if the phone im using can also do this stuff?😢
I like Samsung custom app but they have an issue of abandoning some interesting feature to get another same afterwards. I hope they keep updating these Ai apps
HOW BRO ALREADY GOT THE PHONE WHEN ITS NOT EVEN OUT YET
I love when someone says aluminIUM 😁😁😁
1:35 titanium is a lot worse at conducting heat than aluminium. This whole titanium frame thing is just a marketing stunt just like with Apple...
Any chance samsung would be deploying these cool AI  features to s23 ultra in the near future??
I can tell he's a apple fan boy. 😂 He can't hide it from me
I'd like see a comparison between the s22u vs the 24u
That's it, I'm trading my s23 ultra for the s24 ultra so I can pay half the price and get the best phone available.
I'm in love with this phone ❤❤❤ I need it so badly
good that i bought iphone 15 pro, the samsung phone looks literaly the same
I'm going to wait until the Samsung S26 Ultra. The AI Features are unbelievable and are amazing ideas, but in a few years, they should be even better, so I'm going to wait
ofc im gonna pay 1300$ for a fkn brick 😒
I'm more interested in the t-shirt bro😭🔥🔥🔥
This guy' just have a way of making someone watch his video from the start till the end with complete satisfaction. And by the way how does he get phones so fast like WTF
Samsung made finally PERFECT phone!
By the time I paid off my S23 Ultra, S24 ultra came out lmao, not really a big upgrade. Gonna wait for S26. Before S23 I had S9+ so it felt like an huge upgrade
I don't know if you even will read this comment or not but even if it is rarely used, it would be nice to see DeX comparisons in Samsung devices.  I personally use it too much and it would be nice to see the experience before buying phone Waiting for next videos ;))
Great new features, but to complain about it not picking up words that aren't in a dictionary is not fair. If you were in front of a live persona translator and they are not familiar with pokemon characters they too would not be able to spell the word or understand what you're saying.
Staying till 1 a.m. for the unpacked event; the wait is over; the only thing I don't prefer is a flat display, but I'll surely go with the S24 Ultra ♥
This is what Apple has to compete against, only their iSheeps are saving them from Samsung..
It is ridiculous that we get more hw info then in the 1.5hrs live stream :)
Did the USB-C transfer speeds increase on this model?
I hope this comes to the Fold 5 soon!
W editor
Hey Aron this is important! Please translate this comment from Arabic to English انت حاليا لا تقوم ب اي شيء مذهل! انت فقط اصبحت تجاري وممل لا تعطي رأي حقيقي اعتقد ماركوس يبدي رأيه بكل ثقة انت مراجع تقني ويجب عليك ابهارنا بالتفاصيل الصغيرة التي لا احد يتكلم عنها وليس عليك ابهارنا لشراء الاجهزة الجديدة! اصبحت تجاري مبتذل والمحتوى غير مهم كعادتك❤️
"Captivating introduction, Samsung S24 seems like a tech powerhouse with its sleek design and promising features!"
Best review I have seen.. "praise the Lord" 😅
I wonder if it can translate mauritian creol 🤣🤣🤣 "bouss ou liki"
If the iPhone 15 pro max is still a win for you gather here let’s make fun of the S24 ultra 😂🤲🏽
Bro the s24 just got out
There's me with a note 20 ultra
im glad i went with the nubia z60 Ultra. Was going to hold off for a s24u review and to me it seems pretty much the same as s23u. I wanted to switch it up. I couldnt pass up the 6000ah battery, uninteruptted display and ir blaster. Same old same old.
Nah Not worth upgrading from s23u to s24u for some Ai✨👎
Am I delusional or am I the only one who thinks that Samsung has copied everything from Google Pixel 8 Pro. Lol 😂 and add a little bit of sugar on top. No doubt these all are good features which everyone deserves. But come on Arun at least give a little credit to the Google Pixel 8 series to bring those features to this competitive market. You act like those are all brand-new features 😅.
20:46, Looks like you forgot to censore the phone number.
Have an s10+, would it be worth upgrading, or should I keep waiting.
Sick of getting my samsungs nerfed
0:17 wueiiiii 😂
Ok, real talk. I want this phone. However my Mac eco System prevents me every time. I have an iPhone, iPad, Macbook Pro, Apple Watch, and earbuds. I love my watch and don't want to replace it. If you are switching, how do you deal with the other products? Can you co-exist in two worlds? Apple and Android.
Just watch s24 ultra samsung live and I can't wait for reviews
I'm sorry guys but I'm here only to see how this clock of views is clicking 🙃 while I'm also very happy owner of S23 Ultra 🤩 Btw Arun - you're the master of presentations and your reviews are like little and short cinema movies 😄 Have fun and stay safe ✌️ Meanwhile I will wait until S25 Ultra pop up on the scene 😉 Regards!
Samsung really hates Europe and the rest of the world 😂 they downgraded everything. Went from snapdragon back to exynos and reduced storage options no more 512gb
Definitely keeping my s23u. Let's see what the s25 will bring!
I didn't even know the S24 was released😭 until Mrwhosetheboss came to the rescue as always I just love this guy's content🤤
I hope they'll bring galaxy Ai to s23 ultra, because i got it recently and then saw the release of the s24 ultra, dang it 😂
7 YEARS OF SOFTWARE UPDATE IS INSANE. Thanks Google for making this the standard for top teir flagship phone. Apple needs to step up their game
iphone 15 pro vs s24 ultra.
Sad that they degraded 10x optical lens to 5x. Samsung may justify that picture quality is better with new 50 mp 5x camera but what about video zoom?
Your really now finished review bro ❤
Does Apple have AI features? 🤔
Nice phone, I guess we'll have to wait on Jerry Rig to see what this screen is actually made of
This guy just gets hyped up by every shiny new thing in the tech world. No matter how gimmicky that new thing is
Love from Bangladesh ❤
Mkhd just uploaded and both are in the GRIND
13:00
I mean isn't yhe ecent still going  on 😂😂 my man has the video out already! I just clicked on the video immediately instead of watching the event. your videos are much better than watching a long event 😊
Here we Go hype it again
....then apple watch on your wrist now does not makes sense Arun😅😅
Snapdragon in the UK?
Gotta be honest here, not a single new thing on the S24 Ultra would be somethoing I want. I have the fold 5 and I couldn't care less about these so caller "features". Seems like manufacturers are desperate to bring this AI stuff just because they can't innovate anymore. There are already som many features in Samsung's One UI 6 that I tried but still don't use, because they are 99% of the time just gimmicks.
Ihave most beautiful curved glass s23ultra phone,  im still waiting s25ultra 😍
Every upgrade seems pretty good other than the screen not being curved
My S21 ultra is still rocking, with One UI 6, and it gets better each updates 😮 I think I will wait for the s25... or 26... but this s24 ultra is really tempting!!
18:38 The phone translates the message word for word instead of all at once, which results in total nonsense. The message: "Hey how you doing, long time no speak! We're no strangers to love" i'snt: "Hey, wie es dir geht, lange nicht sprechen! Wir sind keine Fremden zu lieben" in german, it is: "Hey, wie geht es dir, lange nicht gesprochen! Die Liebe ist uns nicht fremd" in german.
Dude's faster than Samsung itself 💀
I hope someone will hack that Ai photo editor, I want it on my Z Fold 5 so bad
didnt even know they released this 😭😂 ur too fastt 🔥
Gaming test plzzz🙃
This video literally feels like answers to specific small tweaks about this device that i thought no one would have addressed that earlier ( i love that Speaker outlet, Reminds me of my Gorgeous S9 plus)
This is literally just a software update
Literally just bought the 23
Bro, this is such a useful video, thanks!
Most of the Galaxy AI features are just Google Pixel features
Have you got married? Noticed the ring 💍
That's way better than apple
Great video! What's the brand of your shirt?
Ai funktion that makes it easier for scammers to communicate with people nice
Iphones are sooooooo 2010.
I'm sure I am in the minority, but I actually prefer the sharp corners both, esthetically and how it feels in hand.
I don't understand you review folks regarding the CORNERS??? The s23U is the slipperiest phone in the world and so were all of the ones before it. Regardless what one I've had, and I've had them all, I immediately put on a screen protector and a case and I carry the phone in a NiteEyez holster. In the car I have a dash mount. At any rate the SHARP CORNERS are always in a case and for that I use an Urban Armor Gear Kevlar case. I'm glad for the flat screen because I don't need the stupid screen protector kit with the glue and the black light and the weight and that ONE AIR BUBBLE.... Ages ago I was speaking w/ some Samsung people and suggested that they make a titanium phone and so we are almost there. When the back of the phone is titanium too we are complete. Maybe someone will make custom drops? Thanks
That shirt ❤
You and MKBHD are the best tech YouTubers in my opinion
So, majority of the headlining feature is useless atm...
what dirt do you have on samsung for you to be getting the S24 ultra early 😂😂😂
how much cost?
so disappointed in you for drinking starbucks shame on you 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸 free palestine
S23>>>s22 ultra>>s24 ultra Because of the curve display & 10x lens  By the way Samsung fan boy 🙂
Hey guys, the annual - Youtuber changes to Android for a bit before going back to Apple, has finally started!
I think with this phone a direct ai comparison with the pixel would be really interesting.
u r too fast upload s24 ultra video...how is it possiable?
One thing I've noticed is as the phones are getting better this guy's video editing is getting better as well 😂
This guy said ROOTER 😂😂
apple fanboy
did you know, the sensor for the 3x and 10x on the s22, 23 series are the same 0.25" sensors but now, since it has a new 5x lens, its gonna be worth taking a step back and using that 5x instead of that 3x coz the 5x is larger
that zoom its kind of disappointing on the s24. the 10x on s23u looks way better in my opinion.
That necklace mate... 😅😂 MrWhoseTheGangsta
"Even if this isn't the phone you settle on" nah this the phone I'm getting to final go back to a S series phone after 2 yrs 🥹
So useless
Paid review!!!!!!! 😂 can’t act😂
Honestly, don’t buy it. Not worth the price. Gimmicks which nobody but reviewers will use. Meh.
No 10x optical? Thanks very much, 23u Still the best for photos
How many kidneys does it cost?
I have question, 1. The new features are good but i have a doubt about AI that all our data are send to all ai workers(online one) but what about offline one.What i mean is suppose i am working with ai offline but as soon as i connect my phone to internet what will happen? If my data of ai also get to them or not because samsung take this ai for open world type ?  Please comment me answer.
Let's go!  18:43 btw the german translation is very very very bad ;-)
For all of those who didn't know, the iPhone used Samsung screens, Samsung manufacturers' iPhone screens.  They work together, so don't even bother on arguing which phone is better. just enjoy the best of both worlds,life is about options, don't think is only one. And yes Iphone's are now made in china.  China now knows what the 80% of Americans are up to.
фишка samsung s23 ultra была именно в зуме 10х, в s24ultra они сделали 5х как в айфоне... у меня нет слов.... я точно не буду обновляться на модель которую сделали хуже предыдущей! самсунг упал в моих глазах......
I feel like the AI features are still pretty gimmicky especially since the translations for example don't work properly. It's not something I'd see myself use daily, but rather once or twice just to try them out.
This was fast!!!! :) BUT I AM HAPPY AS HELL!!
I didn't even see your upload notification, i was deep in the unpacked stream dang! 😑
Thank you arun for giving us honest reviews and not glazing the company like some other youtubers
00:02 Samsung S24 Ultra sets a new standard for smartphones. 01:47 Samsung S24 Ultra features a flat display with practical benefits 05:29 Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip is a significant upgrade with faster speeds and improved battery life. 07:16 Samsung S24 Ultra brings significant camera improvements 10:57 Samsung S24 Ultra has impressive AI features. 12:49 Samsung S24 Ultra has an impressive AI image editing feature. 16:24 Samsung S24 Ultra offers impressive AI features for seamless communication. 18:04 Samsung S24 Ultra introduces new Circle to search feature and smart keyboard with chat assist. 21:19 Samsung S24 Ultra offers solid hardware upgrade and innovative AI features.
I have a question, do you know if the snapdragon gen 3 will be on all the s24 ultras worldwide? Or just a bunch of countries?
Very excited for this phone and It looks amazing
Wow. I just finished the  samsung unpacked for 1 hr  and 15 mins. I should watch yours instead and save me almost an hour of my precious time. 😂
I'm just glad they've kept the Snapdragon chip tbh
Finally the apple fanboy ditched the mediocre craple for actual innovation.
That Gorilla Glass stuff made my BS-meter go through the sun
I'm trying to buy. Website broken.
I like how his videos let me know when phones are out faster then the launch events
Well, they said that the AI features will be available for the selected number of samsung products, so i hope it'll work fine with my s23 ultra
bud listening to Post Malone 11:47
Did anyone notice he is wearing apple watch
what a BS: "Alloys of aluminum possess high thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K compared to titanium with 17.0 W/m-K. As a result, aluminum is suitable for heat sinks, heat exchangers, and cookware"
I'm surprised how you hardly do smartphone reviews anymore, like the Vivo X100 Pro, Oppo Find X7, Xiaomi 14 Pro, Honor Magic 5 Pro, and other top flagships from different brands that you simply ignore. It seems like it's only Apple and Samsung or those who pay you for reviews now. All these phones have similar or better specs, coming 3 months ago, sad.
Arun, these days I am starting to think why you have to make these long videos for somerhing that can be described in five words, "Its S23 Ultra with AI"! I am not liking all the buttering in the video for something that is so less of an upgrade! As all or most of the software and AI features will be coming on to laat year phones soon as well! And for the hardware, I can guarantee that 99% of folks won't even use 50% of power this phone offers. .
man, if only i waited a few months for a phone upgrade, i could have gotten this. darn me for getting the s23+
that circle feature is interesting. m`ny times ive wanted to find an exact t shirt and fit and havent been able to. Wondering if thius is at that level
Hi I'm Idara From Africa Basically Akwa Ibom, Nigeria And I need a new good phone and can't afford it Could you help me😢
Want to be friends?
lol
Smartphones have peeked. There is nothing significant upgrade left in the product lifecycle rather small incremental changes.
I really want this phone but BLOATWARE stops me from buying it. Flat screen is most welcome though. Fitting screen protectors on curved screen was horrible
not a big upgrade from my s23 u
Your just an apple fan boy😊😊😊😊😊😊
This is the best hands-on video  i have seen in a while.
Only if I had money :(
What will the Google pixel do?🤔
As someone who recently switched from an android to an iPhone 15 Pro Max, I regret it every day! The best and worst thing about the iPhone is iOS, it’s too locked up and annoying to do anything otherwise simple on any other android device. I honestly can’t wait to switch back to android and the S24 Ultra looks like a much better option for me!
This is making me want to switch from Xiaomi to that phone 😢
I just pre-ordered the S24 Ultra 1TB for £550
We should appreciate Arun's thought 😂 Exactly 22:40 length vedio❤
Without edge screen it’s just another normal phone. Bad move Samsung
Been watching these tech reviews for over 1 plus years. I never expect anything unbiased anymore. I make the determination for myself. AI is a brand new feature. Who else has it? Fanboy ranks basically.  Nothing new. Oh you switching.  Yeah ok
Detailed summary 😊
Didn't even realize new samsung phone already around the corner 😮
preordering this fun is very fun right now( yea preording is not the best of practice), no its terrible.
I can say only one thing - meh. I thought that these AI features are something great, amazing, new. But these are nothing great…
It is concerning the AI usage... Imagine people using the translation feature for important discussions, you need to make sure the other understand you properly. Same happens with image editing, someone editing just person position in a photo could change the whole meaning. Or the fact bullets for notes, AI is not able to understand subjects so it can skip one super important line which it did not understand...  The usage of AI is concerning because current technology has no idea of concepts. These distinction is super important, because it lacks meaning. It can not identify that Pokemon is a game with its own names, for example (very good test btw). All the AI tech available can not understand the importance of what you say or how it is used, and opens the door for concerning usage and mistakes. Companies need to stop releasing half baked AI features without proper user understanding and making clear what the AI can do and what can not do. But because they want publicity and sales, they are being really irresponsible. Who will take responsibility for a wrong translation? Who takes responsibility for malicious image editing?  Also, we need to make clear to the receiver of any text, image or audio AI generated, that he is receiving AI generated or modified content. It is not enough to make a small icon on the corner. And this is said without the whole privacy consideration...   As we facilitate the usage of AI tools, it is also important to increase public awareness and education. Yes, you can do most of these things with other available tools, but we are making these tools very easy to use and this is going to bring problems.
Just got my S23 ultra today 😁
Gaming review please  Although can't afford it 🙂
I'm watching this on a Samsung galaxy note 10 lite 😂
He’s not doing reviews anymore just paid videos. Very sad because Samsung decides what he says about their phone so what’s the point of watching this
The software and AI features are already present in my Pixel. Nice to see it coming in other phones
meh
I'm currently watching this keynote and you're uploading reviews already 😅😅😅😅😅 are you an AI?!
It's official.. phone launches have become meh!
First time seeing Aaron wear an apple watch that he will not review.
So what I gather from this is Samsung Galaxy AI is 75% just them adding what Google already has on their phones for years, and about 25% new things.
I miss the HTC animated weather widget.
Who else saw the simultaneous post between Mrwhosetheboss and MKBHD 😅
Ive had a week to play and check it out honestly this is just the craziest step forward so many new doors towards innovation!
Where's the battery changing speed? have Samsung cracked the 50 Watts barrier yet? I have a 4year old phone which charges at a mind bending 66 watts
I'm lowkey upset they made the screen flat
OnePlus is coming with the Series 12 in less than a week!
They can never bring out an "apple killer" as most apple users are sucked into their ecosystem (or what i see with kids at my school, they have them bc of the name apple)  This phone on first notice, feels like a much better phone than the latest Iphone and where last year the iphone 15 and S23 ultra where almost as good. This year the 24 ultra might surpass what apple will bring with the 16
Most of these AI features were available on the google pixel already
No ty
Tap in if your coming from mkbhd❤
The screen protector !!!! Finally i can buy a glass screen protector
S20+ worth upgrading to s24??
Bro it isn't even released in our country 😂
People say that iPhones have looked the same for years when Samsungs have looked the same for years as well
That's funnier than any phone invented yet...
GODDDDDAAAAMMMMMMM
And I didn’t even know the phone is out yet
Well it's AI. It needs to be trained. With another one or two generations of this product, it will be perfect. It's like a small baby which needs to grow up and learn in the process. I knew from the beginning that this would not be a great feature at launch but this is not like a camera quality feature that the company can just work in house and develope completely, it needs reach and data from millions of people and their unique ways of communication.
DID TRISHA GAVE YOU A NEW SKIN CARE ROUTINE??? Be honest 😍😍
20:46 Bro leaked someone's number here
12:16 music name pls
😩😩😩
Strange… I haven’t heard mr who’s complaining about apple’s bulls&it from launch…
Becarefull if its same screen like s22 ultra do not use it without screen protector .... from the first day buy screen protector...do not wait....mine scratched  from first day
Does Europe get the Snapdragon aswell on all S24s?
wtf is this editing, it is tooooooo good i cant emphasize on how good it is
That's it. The s24 is finally the android I've been asking for. I'll be dumping my s23 so fucking fast LMAO  Hate curved screens  But fuck that AI
I just got a notification about the new s24 on my s21+
Samsung rejecting questions is a red flag.  That's from a Samsung user
plz free pc lol
Would like to see a comparison with  All Pixels AI features.
This maybe the phone to make me go back to android after many years with apple. My 14 pro max’s battery health has gone down to 88 percent  after a year! I have never had that and take very good care of my phones.  Plus in all honesty, I am bored!
This guy is very annoying
lol i have the 23 rn so no 24 for me
Wait wait! This dude dismissed all these same features on the Pixel last year but now he is okay with them on the Galaxy? Talk about hypocrisy, this guy is a total cringe
THE DEBATE BETWEEN IPHONE AN SAMSUNG IS OVER COZ SAMSUNG IS NOW OBVIOUSLY THE BEST PHONE IN THE WORLD
no log format 🥲
it's essentially the same. close your rings tho 😂😂
moon pictures!
If they can get the AI photo editor like it is in Photoshop where you can type in what you want it to generate to that would be insane
😮
next phone Samsung but i still have Samsung so what its a new Samsung
I have a s23 ultra does my phone have 8 or 12gb of ram
Intelligent optimisation? With an S?
The only worst part of your video is the background music
This guy revealed us s24 ultra faster than samsung itself, even before the launch event ended....💀🗿
Excited!
Arun's switching back to Android, this is going to be an interesting year for videos on this channel.
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful.
will most of  the one ui 6.1  features work on the s23 line of phones
0:17 those hands 😅😅 , quite noticeable
I'll be interested to see if the Fold 6 makes any significantly improvements. There was certainly no reason to go to a Fold 5 from my Fold 4 for example. So will it actually be worth upgrading this time around when those release
please remember to take your keys
Thank you for your videos , but titanium is stronger per weight it’s thermal conductivity is anoungst the worst amoung metals and definitely worse than aluminum so where you said it helps transfer heat out towards the beginning seems mistaken
i love the intro
Microsoft SwiftKey
I like the Photo AI option and camera options seem good.
No sd card support no thanks....8k 100gb files for 30 seconds of video and super gigamegapixel cameras and no freaking place to store them. Not to mention if the SOC dies you loose all the things....WTF! stop pushing this trash
S23U already have 12GB of RAM. My dose. 1TB model
I'd say that AI cannot fully replace True human interactions as well as native or in person learned languages. It could help but hey laying high dependence on AI is tantamount to making us less human and more dumb! I'm a tech guy and I still keep to learning things my way with controlled reliance on AI. The device cannot be held on to more than your life. Great Review and Excellent analyses Arun 👍
Flat display 🤮🤮🤮🤮
Samsung stays killing the game. Meanwhile Apple is just now figuring out USB-C is the better charging port 😂
i am samsung A user and want to upgrade to S, my biggest question is should we upgrade to s24 ultra or buy the used s23 ultra instead?
Let’s see if Apple will integrate AI in iOS 18
bring curved screen back
S23 ultra does have 12gb ram with 512gb storage and up
6 months later *HANGSUNG*
MrWhoseTheBoss next video S24 Ultra Vs Iphone 15 Pro Max
Can you give me your s23 ultra because you have too many phones
I mean it's cool and all but realistically when would i ever use those AI features? Probably once to show off it feels like just a gimmick
The guy says he will switch to galaxy with an apple watch on his hand 😂
To be fair your accent does make it sound like you say squirrel 😂😂😂
Arun your videos are amazing and the galaxy s24 is asamsing❤❤❤
No behind the display front camera, No solid state battery  Are two items that SHOULD be mainstream now.  The image processor and AI are smart enough to clean up the noise caused by the display.
The rollout for this phone has been nothing but suspense
Give me your old $22 ultra 😅
Still no SD slot
Apple ❤ and a little bit Samsung
Yeah...same specs as my Redmagic 9pro (except cameras - but I dont need those so much), but for 2,5x price, cuz Samusng.....nope...
S24 ULTRA ❌ S22 ULTRA REMASTERED ✅
What about charging speed? Please let me know. I can't find it anywhere.
So there is no exynos 2400?
I'll never buy a Samsung device ever again
Ai generated tag can be croped or deleted by ai so its ..
He gets his hands on new phones faster than companies can announce them 😭
This guy is a apple fan boy
This is the reason why my notifs for you are turned off. You keep reviewing the phones before they are actually revealed!
HOW?!😂😂😂
Daaaaem thy just finish galaxy unpacked and bro already have it
i love samsung and will newer buy aplle..
Great boss
Hey arun german follower here, the translation is not good at all it sounds in german like "hey, how you are, long time no speak! We are not unknowns to loving" its a pitty i think
I don't care personally about colors, I'm going to have a case no matter what for phone more expensive then 50 bucks. Ontop of  not wanting to death grip my phone without one because of all the times I've dropped them lol.  But dude do I ever want to try the ai. Kind of wish I had waited instead of getting 23 ultra last year.
the flat screen looks gorgeous
Just watched the unpacked event
this beasty is fuqin crazy! ❤
Why do I think that the new phone being on the left side is weird to look at?
Galaxy s22 ultra....screen very weak....fast scratches....very bad screen .... hope s24 ultra better screen
Cool!  Would  be  very interesting  to  see  if Samsung finally learned  to   capture  green, blue  and red colours, coz   they  are way  off..     On S23 Ultra   purple  looks blue ,  grass  is  blue  - ish too...
i feel like the ai photo thing should be toggleable bc if you take a picture of a sunset which is abnormal or something else and its just alters the picture completly could ruin some experiences
google pixel had these AI features for years and never boasted about it.
man, the phone looks so good, but is expandable storage still removed or was it brought back?
just finished watching galaxy unpacked, and was curious about your video and holy shitt you are faster than light!!!!
Can you do a review the asus rog 8 pro
Just watched Galaxy unpacked on my iPhone 15 Pro Max that I just regretted buying!
Holy crap
These flagship phones keep getting more impressive
1h
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish and this has been the absolute best and most informative of them all. Well organised and easier to watch too.
The search feature is basically Google lens no? What's the need to circle it, just take a ss and put it on Google lens.
At last we got a flat screen display for the ultra .....❤❤❤❤ I think I will be going for the 24 ultra ..can't wait 😊😊😊😊
Flagship phones have come along way bruv I remember when the iphone4 released everybody was flippin their shit now we got this omg it's wild af
he is the best ever technical entertainer in the world with dedication......
Will buy anyhow 🥺 New target added 🥺
Samsung on it's way to destroy apple. Love it.
Will the normal S23 get an extended software update promise to 7 years?
I have a question. Is temo a skem?
Samsung s24 - Universal Translator v1
So this year's Samsung phone is full of gimmicks and old translation features done badly excused by being on device generated. Worse camera too. Very exciting. Buy product.
Am I wrong if I thank Google for making Samsung good? It seems to me that Samsung used to have a terrible interface and they were filled with bloatware.. basically they sold on having a good camera and then Google Pixels started putting some pressure on Samsung and they have started getting better fast.
Not worth upgrading my S23u.
Is this video for Samsung or Apple? and it has more complains than introduction
As a native german speaker, the chat translation shown at 18:43 really IS butchered BADLY :D  Also nice rickroll ;D
Pakkkooo😂
Hey, a German here 🇩🇪. That translation in 18:40 was absolute rubbish. It was translated word by word.   If i would translate the correct tranlation back into english like the phone does, it would be like this: Hey, how goes it you, long not more speak! We are the love not foreign (Thanks for the Rickroll)
I hate the flat screen now it looks just like Sony Experia back in the days
So samsung paid this guy to sell you the s24 witch  looks like a s22 s23 runs likes a s22 s23  basically is a s22 ultra. Just like the s23 don't get ripped ppl.  New phone every year  whats ground breaking  to warranty  a new model every year  nothing its a cash grab and  a shame on the planet
Because of Huawei's ban, these other phone makers have become lazy. No design change in 3 years. How boring. Huawei had a new design every year. And every year it looked great. The look is just as important as the rest of the stuff that makes it good. It feels fresh. This just feels stale now.
Power 🔥🔥🔥🔥
20:44 plz hide the phone number
AI starts @ 12:06
Even though the launch event is not over he already had a phone😅
Damn S23 camera look better
i believe Arun is already shooting the 15 pro max vs s24 ultra camera comparison .😅
New design? Who you trying to kid Arun 😂😂
So the shutter lag is fixed??
As an artist l like flat screen idk how many times the edge messed up my line
Watching this on my 2021 redmi 9t🥲🙂
Where is the honest reviewer you once were? Trying to do your best not to tell the simple truth. This phone is crap. They haven't done anything proper to justify even the upgrade.
Why Exinos 🙁
Kind of greedy that they're putting all this into the new phone when they could easily put it into the s23 of last year as well..
I bet he already has the iphone 16
Please help me to choose which colour is the best
When people will stop feeding corporations like Samsung and Apple paying for overated products the world will not rely only on one company and become dependent to it. There are other cheaper and better options on the market; companies that give good quality products at fair prices. Honor is releasing its magic 6 pro that also has on device A.I, Oneplus offers all in one flagship specs for half the price of Samsung. Let's not mention that Samsung did not improve or inovate its camera performance for years. Wake up and stop being so naive people...
Do you speak German? Bzw. sprechen Sie Deutsch? Wenn ja währe das wirklich cool!!
Cool
you wanne buy me a galaxy s24 ultra
Brightness is great and all AS LONG AS THEY DONT FORGET THAT SOME OF US ARE PHOTOSENSITIVE AND NEED SUPER DIM MINIMUMS
looking great in that outfit
I used to love and use nothing but Samsung phones after leaving corny Apple over 6 years ago.....but after ditching my S23 ultra for my Oppo X6 PRO,  it's not even close.  Outside of the S pen, the oppo destroys both of those phones.    I went to Samsung to get away from Apple.....now all they do is copy and follow everything they do.  Getting rid of of the charger, the titanium gimmick....no thanks
It got released?
sorry I copy your video from your account Mrwhosetheboss.  because I want to Galaxy Ultra 24 mobile I think you don't have a problem with that. If you have any question you can ask me.
Thanks for the info
I slept in the middle of the video
Wooooww It's just basically pixel 8 pro in 2024 in terms of AI.
jerryrig will scratch the glass and we will find out
Can u please make a video comparison of the s23 and s24?
I like iphones, but I'm a brokie so I have a cheap 2016 budget android. But I am not going to lie this phone is kind of making me switch sides, only thing holding me back is the Android OS. Iphone's UI just looks so much cleaner
Bro be getting every phone early, and for free.
I am very happy to see s24 ultra flat Display because of no have any accidental touch or no any glass protection issue .
My p40 does that i dedication Ai feature
meh... iPhone better
How do you grow your channel to this size?
Ok so now Samsung do,s the apple thing selling the same design
Still it cannot beat Google Pixel Operating system even tho with Help of AI it's not gonna make it like Google pixels
Why don't Reviewers ever talk about Samsung exclusive software? Like Edge Panels.
thank you for the best videos
Really? it's the same phone..give me a break.....it's just the guts....thank God they have a flat screen now....hated the rounded screens
AI not a fan of Pokemon ?🤔🤣😂😅😄
Love the design
Samsung is and will be shit ahh presentation was such a cringe fests not a applesheep fan
Exynos 🤮
screen to body is worst than 5 years ago why  24 looks more promising with 91% screen to body
Is this a comparism video or an impression on Samsung?
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here, can't wait to see the full review. Keep up the good work Arun!
Too fast that the Galaxy Unpacked 2024 is still on going right now 😂🎉
you showed us your license plate !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 10:15
Still Arun will prefer the iPhone anytime 😂
Fuck worrying about "hand indentation" I absolutely love that they keep the phone squared like that. Makes it feel so much more premium than the iphone. So sick of the extreme rounding of iphone screens, when I use one I feel like I'm losing so much  data
i phones will always be better
Paid paid paid
I'm early
I know nobody will see this, but i'd like to call that galaxy ai will have the same future as bixby, buggy and useless.
Dude we need goodlock updates too
i cant stand his smirk ughh
The s23 ultra still lag like a MFer.... This won't be any better...
If I am not wrong, a lot of this AI tech seems like enhanced and improved features from the Pixel phones, and also I am pretty sure the "stars AI" symbol (15:53) is the Google Bard AI logo (ps: because of how good this phone is with AI, i feel like the Pixel 9 is gonna be crazy) Edit: after watching the full video, this is basically a full google bard integration into android
Thanks for the educative analysis of the s24 ultra sadly I won't be able to afford 😢 but damn it would be a good phone to explore 🎉
Upgradeable storage?
Me watching from my 13 mini lol
Bro I got this notification like 2hr ago lol
🍎
It looks like Time to switch back!
Is this phone overall better than the REDMAGIC 9 Pro though. I need to know.
A new king 👑 is born today
Can you do 4K120 at high bitrate? Because you've been able to do that on every lens on the Sony X1 IV for 2 years now. And it has a headphone jack.
I hate Samsung just because of the focus on cameras and chipsets and not customisation. The z flip 4 and fold 4 have bespoke customisation. But there main phone doesn’t get it
Was gonna buy it but I’ll just stick to my s20 ultra for now till features improve more later
How it looks really doesn't matter when you have to put a case on it. Make a phone that doesn't need a case.
Writing style is free wingman rizz helper
I think the phone cost over 1000$-1500$ dolars. Its still better than iPhone over 1500$-2000$
The keynote is still going on and he has it.
The live event hasn't even ended lmao
gold chain wearing arun doesnt exist he cant hurt you gold chain wearing arun:
Now that what we call a slap on face of Iphone 😅😅😅 .. they brought the titanium .. now samsung changed the game totally ... New social status will be samsung . And its clear . I love the design more than iphone .. and i must it is the most exciting and fun  samsung flagship phone ever. ❤❤❤❤
Why would titanium be better at conducting heat than aluminum?
Damn Mrwhosthebass has balls to promote the new samsung while wearing his apple watch hahaha
Open the video, get two ads, the first is an iPhone and. Damn Apple
👌👌👌
injury alert!!
still better then iphone, ever will be.
With AI in early doors, 5x telephoto instead of 10x & not the proper upgrade on camera system, I don't think its worth upgrading from my current s23ultra.
Boring
flatscreen for chipp protective glass
but I think you make really good technology videos and I recommend you to all my friends
They Really really should've added 2 Variable Zoom Cameras For 3x - 5-7x zoom and a 10 to 15x zoom !! (or Seamless  3x to 5x and another 5x to 10-12x)
Babe wake up, best phone of 2024 just dropped
Samsung doing same phone as apple did incredible.
Very talented seller :)
oneplus has better ai as far as i can see
I daily drive a S23 ULTRA and i have a hole in my every pent pocket where i keep the phone because of the corner
The translation in german at 18:42 didn't make any sense and was completely wrong😂 but anyways, i think its an incredible phone
02:27  Hallelujah brother 🙌😅
People of the internet  S24 ultra or S23 ultra?
Bro is faster than Samsung. LOL
No 10x zoom? Wtf Samsung 😮
I'd rather watch 22:40 review to a 2h+ launch ❤😊
It's good if only they don't use our data to make us tech slaves.
Flat screen 😊😊😊
Any idea why Europe has to suffer, again, for not having Snapdragon but their Exynos? Do they have to meet some quota or this how the deal between Samsung and Snapdragon looks like ? I believe not even in their own country they're not forcing their potential customers to buy that crappy chip...
Did he get a new Apple Watch, or have I just not noticed it before?
Imma wait till s25U ...s23 still king
The english to german translations the phone does in the video are really not good.
I would believe you to use the S24 ultra as you daily runner if you would wear a galaxy watch classic 6... as usual just bs not to offend the other side you're an apple fan boy obviously
Who hurt samsung😂
That was too fast 😂 I came late … you’re the best lol
The best part of the video was Trisha 😊
All good and well but i will forever only want to see one upgrade. Battery life... and i dont mean 20 minutes long. if a phone could actually last 2 days then thats a win.
Are we sure titanium is stronger, jerryrigeverything literally almost snapped the iPhone 15 titanium in half😂
The speakers S23U compared to my 15PM are not good at all. I hope the S24U compares much better
I just watched 10 mins of the live Samsung of the phone and 2 mins later this guy already makes a video
German Guy here: 18:43 that´s a bad translation. Not even google translator level^^
They should just sell us AI features at this point instead of finding excuses for us to upgrade
They are still lacking in video quality 😌😌.He already knows it✌️.I was hoping to be very good this time ,but no use.
The Only Con and a Downgrade Is the 10x to 5x Zoom lense💀💀🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ People would've Preferred an Extra 5× zoom Camera or a Variable Zoom Like Sony !! 5×-10× zoom All Optical
Please make a video on explaining Samsung's new AI implementations.
My phone is again the previous model😢,
Id still like the curved screen
You make 22.40 minutes feel like 22.40 minutes 😢 such great content 🫂
11:45 Wait a minute... There's something different here... I'm kinda not getting the "mrwhosetheboss music" vibe
Beautiful bezels
Bro got his number leaked 😂😂
Looks great but the shown translation to german is unfortunatly absolute trash xD
i use arch BTW
Blockbusters of the year ❤❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
great video
Gotta give it to Google and the Pixel Phones for the AI
You can still be the first who is gonna make a smash test
Samsung doesn’t keep their words themselves , from mocking iPhone for same design every year to them doing same from copying iphones  colours to finish to material everything 😂
time to sell my dumb phone 13pro....
Samsung quite nailed it with AI features
is that 7 year support thing real?
12:08 AI
It’s literally hasn’t been two hours since the launch and he got hands on with the S24 ultra? ❤😮
5:09 well when you own an entire country it's pretty easy to produce new technologies
So the waiver is up! Lets see whats up with the new s23
You said something about Twitter. What is Twitter? I don’t know what that is
I'm just waiting for them to bring this anti-reflective screen technology to tablets. That will be awesome.
It does remind me of Sony's XZ1 though...
I got a Note 20 last month and it's so fun with all the cool settings I didn't get with my Huawei. I might get this phone years in the future, but always nice to see the new tech update.
PASS/10. Hell yea.    Im looking forward to seeing what they do with the Fold 6
Excuse me wat is the price and are the accessories available right now plz help
Make video on cheapest windows tablet
12:08 is where the interesting part starts...up until than it's basically same as S23...
My only issue is that it is big. Cant they make 6.4 inch variant of ultra?
Im thinking of upgrading to the S9 and this guy is on the s24! Crazy but it also shows how little phone tech has come 😂😂
5:47 peasant  friends 😂😂
I love how companies are trying to minimize the language barrier, but they are doing it at the cost of language learners. Most of those automatic things they don't actually provide an option to not use them, like the audio tracks feature on YT,  you have to manually switch the audio track EVERY TIME!!!
I didnt even realize it released and theboss already has a video on it 😂
i think Samsung should partner with google for ai features and pixels should partner up for performance and boom apple will be history we just need to combine forces
I was fairly excited for the ai features but...eh. nothing really grabbed me. Maybe I'm just not the target audience but it didn't blow me away and I feel like a lot of the features will need a few updates before they're rock solid.
20:45 bro be careful you leaked the number 😂❤
I'm surprised he's allowed to go into such detail about the AI in a first-impression video.
can't wait to get my hands on it. but moving forward, when you dont get a clear answer from Samsung, just assume they did not understand the question or did not have any answer to give.
Arun did you by any chance accidentally reveal someone's phone number beginning with 791? Might want to remove that (it's around the 20 minute mark)
Now just wait for apple to integrate ai with siri..and we could probably have a HER movie for real!!
The Victus 2 glass has been abysmal for me. My note 23 ultra screen is covered in little scratches from everyday use. I even scratched it with the damn s-pen within days of owning the phone.
18:19 finally now I don't need to ask a stranger "Excuse me, I like your shoes, where did you get them?" I can just take a photo of it, brilliant
Now we need to see how much inferior the Exynos version is that most regions will get
Still digs into your hand like crazy.
SIUUUUU
Problem with circle search is u need buttons what about gesture than its gone
Sorry, but these AI features seem mostly useless or uninspired. The translation feature completely failed the translation of the text message into German. So if the translation doesn't work properly, you might as well use another service that actually works. And frame interpolation? Image manipulation in gallery? These are hardly stand out features. AI integration in phones will be huge in the future, but this isn't it just yet. That being said, filming animals in 4k 120 on a bright day sounds really cool.
3:40 bro said "Rooter" 😂
Has anything happened to Bixby?
The non rounded corners are one of the main reason i like the note/ultra galaxy series
This guy wearing apple watch in his hand and describing the features of S24 ultra. But no hate for you ❤
Dream to own a flagship phone!
Bruh it’s felt like the S23 has only came out 6 months ago. Is it just me or has time flown? Like seriously. It feels like it’s barely been 6 months.
Interesting how he carefully didn't show us the results of generative AI during the latter edits...
Give me one phone brow
Who noticed how huge the s23U bezels look compared to the 24U 😂😂😂
He's not pregnant but he always delivers
Oh look they look the same. Sooooo innovative
"Aluminum, with a thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K, outperforms Titanium, which has a thermal conductivity of just 17.0 W/m-K. Due to this, Aluminum is often used in applications requiring effective heat dissipation, such as heat sinks and cookware."
I didnt even know it was coming out
He has infinity  phones while people get  stuck on a phone for more than 10 yrs😢😢😂
11:23 that brightness bar was already available in just one swipe, but it used to be a setting, now its just forced, so its not new.  18:08 the only thing new about that is the circle, as soon as the pen left the screen you see the same thing happening as what you could do on the S8, just bixby vision and its just using Google lens, so the only thing this os changing is that now you don't have to take a screenshot first.
Why does this review got sponsored feels?
Hope they make copper color too
My favorite youtuber for a reason ❤️😻
Nah they won't let me trade in my z fold 4 apple here we come
i like the ai slow mo features because sometimes i just wanna see in slow mo without editing the video
I miss the curved screen
there’s a S24!😮 fukk i'm getting old☠️
Smartphone launches are barely exciting anymore. What happened to the full screen vision? Where's the under display camera? Where's the larger fingerprint scanners? And what happened to Samsung x AMD? Everyone seemed to forget that whole announcement. Companies just release the same phones over and over again and people will suck it up and buy it anyways because realistic, you're just flexing to get the latest and greatest if you think you need to upgrade from the S22 Ultra to the S24 Ultra
any idea if the s23 ultra will get the new AI abilities from the s24?
Watching this on my Galaxy S10😢😢😢
Design is a huge downgrade from s22 ultra. Nexttt!
This should have been s22/23 ultra. I should say the perfected version of the last 2 generation.  Hope there is better design next year.  I dont know, but i think it will be more elegant looking if the front camera is similar to iphone but should be very thin.
I so want to buy one now and trade my iphone 14 pro in, ive been wanting to stray from apple and this phone sounds awsome
Big disappointment
Wow so it's already been a year it fells like just yesterday when s23 came out.
AI 😴😴😴😴
Are these s24 ai features gonna be reflected in s23??
We are not strangers in love.  Google translate app says  Liebe ist uns nicht fremd. And thats the right Translation.
love it
Man honestly  I watch tech videos from almost every channel related to tech  Bit none are as engaging, vibrant, well written and should I also say well choreographed as your(yes that includes mkbhd)(may be make one exception for dave2d)
Meanwhile Apple : UsB C
Missed the overdone retention editing of the past, guess my attention span is in the pits right now
While owning a Pixel 8 pro, Ipbone 15 pro max, S23 Ultra and Xperia 1 V and leaving Sony and Samsung to fight for the last place in photos while Sony wins most of the times, I am not looking forward at all for the S24 Ultra cameras....
I was deciding between Pixel 8 Pro and S24U and the choice is clear. The S24U sucks ass.
What about apple 😢
FINALLY THEY GOT RID OF THE CURVED SCREEN THANK GOD!!
Thanks for the review!!!
I am a nativ german and i got to say that the Texttranslation in minute 18:42 is very bad
not impressed, AI is the biggest thing on the phone...yeah no thank you ...
It's funny that no one said that most of all these "Samsung AI features" have long been Google Pixel 8/8 Pro.  So, according to what I hear, this is the second AI smartphone)
Mr. You are legend! 🙏🏼
No changes to the assistant?
Just say it "It's the same phone with new tag"😂
Those AI features has been on pixels phones for 2 years now, voice recongnition is better on pixels but the photo editing is much faster
Nah apple is screwed
IT IS so cool, but damn, the pricee💀💀💀
Am gonna circle this guys T's for sure
I'll stay with the s23. The AI will probably come to us in a few months. Much the same phone. Worth paying a grand for. No.
People out here really be saying “aye best design never before seen” 😂😂😂
that is REALLY impressive
Samsung should have focused on the phone itself rather than this ai gimmick. albeit the spellcheck and real time translation is actually useful but image manipulation, generating wallpapers, writing styles and slow-mo are all things I could live without.  I've got a pixel 7 pro and I used one of it's ai features to remove a pole from a picture once and that was it, I just don't see the need or point of that stuff. They should have focused on optimizing the software far more and the design of the phone.
Hope you do a comparison between s24 ultra and OnePlus 12. I'm leaning towards OP12 but would be nice to see your take on them both 🥲
Its 100 times better than iphone for the prices
So much useless bullshit, unbelievable. To me, the only reason i'd have to buy this phone is the stylus and DeX. If they capitalize on DeX, it will become a true desktop replacement for so many people. Even right now, i can push DeX to work or actual java project, with all the goodies - language server, code completion. It compiles and runs. On the actual phone. From gradle init to java -jar... So, samsung, please stop pumping effort in the garbage features like AI or cameras... turn this in a true pocket computer!
20:45 the number is not blurred, hope it causes any trouble to the person.
Samsung will again dominate 2024 as it did with 2023, Samsung is always inovative the Iphone was quite disappointing with nothing new to add!
the live hasnt even ended yet...
Bro they haven't even released it yet 1 hour ago wthhh
Some times it feels like bro is jealous of samsung.
No more curved display Alhamdulillah
The Translation is not good. I have make a Screenshot of your english words and of the German Translation. And  it is very bad. Sorry
Does anything of that comes to s23 ultra??
Iphone 15 is nothing compared to this.. Samsung is on another level
Praise the Lord ,Lol
S24 launch Event ❌️❌️  Google Translate Offline Demo ✅️✅️.
Can i get 1 s24 ultra  as a gift.. Because i am a student and i can't afford it😢
Where the hell are classic colors? Am I the clown to use this yellow or purple phone?
Can't believe Samsung kept this ugly design!!!!
Almost All these AI features are available on pixel 7😂
I remembered s9+ by seeing speker
I would have changed the 3x for the 5x, and thus take better advantage of the 200mpx zoom of the main sensor. I'm not upgrading this year. S23U until they bring back 10x
Bro unpacked is not finished yet
zamsung ftw
Idk why but ai kind of makes me uncomfortable, like it’s going too far.
If he is changing his iPhone to the S24U, he might lose the apple watch altogether, since it is useless with samsung tech. I really love my S22 Ultra, and there is no way I'm changing to this one, for the price they ask, specially here in Brazil, just for some tweaks.
moral of the story, the phones ability to act as duolingo is a little......squidly
Did you get married?
Change the shape of phone already ffs
Only thing that sucks is that it looks the same since s22 ultra
So glad the screen is flat now.
I was watching the Unpacking and I came here thinking Maybe you'll make it sound nicer.... Yah no im honestly not impressed most Phones now are just boring and focused on the camera
What happened to Samsung having their version of Ultra HDR? Pixel is still the only phone in the world that can capture and display Ultra HDR images. Would expect Samsung's version to come this year.
I was thinking about the "This is the tone" text adjuster.  Like if you want to sound more professional or casual.  I can see, how when it becomes more effective, it being a good tool for people that are neurodivergent.  I know many struggle to their written tone being different from their intended tone.  Maybe it could be helpful
It’s a interesting phone but definitely not worth the upgrade if you own a 23 Ultra
So Samsung is just using Cloud based AI and not on hardware for most of the new features...
My fking god I’ve been waiting 4 years for this shit
this is the first time im actually interested in a new phone release. Its looks great!
Plz tell me it still has sim card
Pls compare it to Xiaomi 14 ultra when it releases
I still think Samsung is better
My new dream phone… out of many
What is concerning me, is the fact the camera is trained on millions of photos and will edit your real image to then become a computer generated rendering of your  original image in whatever the software feels fits best? Especially on the zoomed images. What you take a picture of isn't what you get. I hope there is an option to remove A.I rendering. That would be good. 😊
Okay like all the AI stuff, BUUUUUUUT does it still fake moonshots? 🤨
I want to keep the 10x optical S23 Ultra..
Man doing a Samsung review with a Apple watch 😢
I was from watching the Galaxy AI keynote, thanks for your balance review and making such videos exciting yet informative...
Watch galaxy unpacked to now the new features❌ Watch mrwhosetheboss instead ✅ 😂😂❤
Can't Afford But Still Watching
That is craizy
Watched both this and mkbhd's video, interesting that the both videos have the same view count.
King of all times the ultra truly ultra series
No comparisons because glass is glass and always will scratch if it comes into contact with anything harder than a 5 on the mohs scale of hardness.
I didn't watch the Samsung live official launch because I was waiting for @Mrwhostheboss  to paraphrase,  highlight key elements now am ready to switch to s24 ultra
Evil evil software inside. You buy android and become cannon fodder for google.
joke smartphones with nothing new
All phones look so boring now
This guy never disappointed uss ❤
1:42 No Titanium is not at great heat conductor, it often used as a Heat-isolator
Nice
Shilling Sponsored by: Samsung
Too Smart is kinda boring!🙃
Camera the same, battery the same. I think I'll stick to my s22ultra then
The 7 years of OS updates is a head turner too.
If you could put IOS o that thing without losing all the optimisation I would be switchting from iphone in a heartbeat, however it's not, and I can't stand android
Squrtel is not a word in the dictionary sir
Im still SUPER happy with my S21 Ultra and will only change for a fold in a year or two or 3
Have an S23 Ultra...this looks like such a mid sidegrade.
Wow! Amazing tech. How Samsung is implementing everything into their phones is pretty awesome. Cant wait to upgrade from my Note 20 Ultra 5G, which has still been probably the best phone I've owned.   The only two things they need to do to make it perfect: bring back MST so I can pay with my phone at literally any kiosk like I do with my Note 20 Ultra; and change the name back to Note!
OnePlus 9 pro with SD888 can record 8K24 and 4k120fps
Great phone let’s see what Apple will do with the next iPhone 😂😂as an IPhone user and in the ecosystem I’m curious but love the battles all these companies do head to heads but so far Samsung is winning
Looks great from my A20s 👍
No thank you, I'm still loving my iPhone 11
iPhones have always had their top models with flat display
Did anyone notice the number at 20:43 🤔
Even tho xiaomi is my favourite phone brand this phone is just awesome I wish I had that kind of money
over priced,better get iphone 15 ❤
Why there is no caption?
The difference the newest and last galaxy series needs to be better, at least in terms of catch-eye as the most prestigious smartphone is offering already existing features in terms of technology
why flagship doing boring design?
Hmm... I think I'll take the s25 next year lol, the A.I. will be great but I have a feeling it will be refined on the s25
18:42 that translation hahaha (i'm german)
Hello😅
Didn't even know it was out
OnePlus 9 Pro with SD888 can record 8k24 and 4K120fps
Me watching this with my s23 ultra I just bought and thinking what have I done
My Eyes Are On Your Chain In Neck😂
Curve display was better And s23 ultra's design was better than this....step down from Samsung!
The design reminds me a lot of Nokia Lumia 930/Icon, and that was one sexy piece of hardware.
First time catching your video within an hour of release.
Its From The Future. The Galaxy Ai
Way better than MKBHD
Is the Apple watch on your wrist hint to everyone?
We'll definitely get most of these features in iphones 12 years from now.
Bro is still wearing the apple watch ultra 2
Bik gaya h bhai
Titanium is not a good heat conductor arun...
Yeah basically the same phone as last year. Only dumb people will upgrade from s23 ultra to this one. With this tempo of improvement, you would need a new phone every 5,6 years.
Really funny when Samsung users make fun of Apple for having not that many changes, but this is the exact same phone as the s22, only with minor diffrences... The base models will be probably looking the same like the ragular s23 series phones... And i admit, Apple also hasnt been doind that much difference, but atleast the last 3 pro models atleast have more diffrences than the s22 s23 s24
No, Titanium is worse at conducting heat than Aluminium by many orders. Here's a cool fact, which I think is, or should be common knowledge in watch purchasing and/or collecting: touching the surface of a watch left untouched to feel its surface temperature is is one of the key points for discerning whether it's made from real titanium, or from another material. Titanium wouldn't impart too much of a cold sensation, because it cannot accumulate or dissipate heat as quickly as a steel watch can. Therefore, Titanium should feel warmer to the touch and the cold shouldn't linger too much.  I don't know where did this false notion about Titanium arise recently. Maybe because it's now found in trendy tech gadgets that people are now more interested in it and spread false informations and half-truths about it? I wish I could tell.
fINALYY Mrwhosethboss on s24
So basically Samsung software is finally trying to catch up witn Google
goddamnit.. site won't load ordering.
Bro I am waiting to try s24
Wow
will these ai future come to samsung s23 ultra
Love your content man keep it up. Will surely buy this mobile in future.
Arun: I'll be switching my main phone from iPhone to S24 Ultra  Also Arun: *wearing Apple watch* 😅
watching this on an S23 and I feel no need to upgrade really, it's a downgrade in some areas tbh
And Yess.. another Samsung phone review and Iphone users in the comments getting offended by it.. Totally legit..  Dude just chill man... Its just a review.. He also did Iphone reviews.. Idk why these Iphone users get offended real quick if anyone even says a good thing about android...
Didn’t expect to beat iPhones in cpu. Especially in geekbench. I think it’s only for multi score though
Me watching this on my laggy budget phone🤡
USA-  All snapdragon 8 gen3  Everywhere else - S24/S24+ Exynos 2400 Ultra - Snapdragon 8Gen3
Watching with no aukat to purchase 😅
Samsung mobiles, a waste of technology. The time they are not gonna do something about their OS and UX, no one's gonna care about this stupid device.
The S24 ultra is such a sexy phone
i like the sharp edges i have a note 20 ultra and frankly that is the way of the phones
Bro is faster than Samsung
ahhhh you leak the numberrr 20:41
The camera features are the most impressive
A Chinese mobile phone company itel just launched their new s23 ultra phone on my country its a mainstream phone😂
I appreciate the John Wick Background music 🫡
😂😂 all mighty
This is Called Loving What You’re Doing ❤
The fact that it's still on par with the iPhone 15 Pro is a no-no for me
Generative Wallpapers look awesome. I do really think the S24 Ultra is something. (Watching on my S23 Ultra btw) and i gotta say that Samsung is a great company with the phones. I used to have an iPhone but now I've been used to the Samsung.
these much features forr less money compared to iphone 14 or 15 pro max
Why did you not go to CES
Can’t love this one.. I think S23 ultra is better than S24 ultra .. Already many people use Ai for many reasons.. this phone Ai is not impressive 😊
I am watching this video with teary eyes on my four-year-old Redmi Note 8 Pro۔ 😢
ONE OF THE BEST PHONES EVER!!!
Bezels on the ultra look not symmetrical
That craizy
They finally understand now that user experience is more important than 1000 useless gimicks.
Bro has the iphone 16 on hand already
Why is Arun wearing an Apple watch after switching to S24 Ultra 😂
Ik ben nog steeds niet overtuigd om me s22 ultra te vervangen voor een s24
still no Qi2?
Is like you are officially married? Congratulations 🎉
W
If your not using s 23 ultra can you give to  me 🥲
hey arun weird question but will you review the oneplus 12?
Sheesh now i kinda want to trade my s23 ultra in.
S24 Ultra feels like the s6 for some reason
you forgot to blur our all the numbers you are calling
Samsung: we are an innovative company, not like apple. Every iphone is the same!  Also samsung:
He is the Boss cause he has gotten the phone and done a review before Samsung Unpacked Event.That is a real Boss
Glass is glass and scratches at level 6 with deeper grooves at level 7
i was saving for s 23 ultra for long time and now i can't decided should i try and save more for the s24 ultra or get the s23 ultra in month becuse the price is alomst halfed ? :***(
Samsung will use Exynos chips for s24 and s24+ outside of US. This sucks. Don't we lose on Snapdragon's AI capabilities?
14:07  No, please. Don't support Starbucks. Israel has monopolised the biggest corporations - from Google, Instagram, Twitter, Domino's, McDonalds, Nestle, Cadbury's and more to the micro companies like soft drinks and other necessitated commodities.   Supporting these brands is corollary to funding the multimillion, ruthless and coldblooded, absolutely nightmarish genocide and incessant massacres, fusillades and bloodbaths, so cruelly killing everyone - old, young, innocent, infants and even animals in the most brutal, abysmal and gruesome ways, unfathomable to us because of how they're even deprived of basic requirements like communication to the outside world through the internet.   Please, I beg everyone, please support Palestine. It's my heartful beseech, a scream for saving those motionless Palestinian's whose limbs grew cold as they held on for dear life and watched the life drain out of their loved one's eyes within their very last gasps for breath.   Please, support the ceasefire. One message, one step, one tear, one more aware person to turn the cog, is all I plead for, from the girths of my crestfallen heart.  Even a single voice matters, a drop of blood for the million rivulets on streets that were crowded with screams of joy, not of desperate anguish.  Support Palestine. 🇵🇸 Signed, A person that sings to prevent the swansong of people's dreams and wishes to live, much akin you and I.
The phone has more ram than my pc /=
WO
time to sell my liver to get this
Curved screen was a disappointment
I loved the edge Display well i wont Upgrade to the S24 Ultra from my S23 Ultra
Nice, now can you please make A comparison between S20U, S21U, S22U, S22U, and S23U? If you got a spare time thanks
everytime I watch this channel, my brain shouts: it's Mrwhostheboss, not "whose"
Sucks that the generative ai on the Phone for the wallpapers as example is based on Stolen Data.
Wow, 7 years of updates, confirmed! 🥳🎉🤩
lol I had 16 ram on the s20 how 12 is a upgrade hahahhahah😅
20:47 number leaked??
It’s still an android, so nobody will buy it.
Woooow🎉😮
GALAXY AI more like BUGGY AI 😂
Did not make it to the AI stuff, got bored by the incremental yearly changes
Apple 2030: Hi guys, we just invented AI on the phone
Just got mine on pre-order. Better be worth it
So basically why i change my s23 ultra for 10% to 20% improvement? I unless you have a 3 year old phone this doesn't impress me a single bit.
How much do you want to bet that they're just doing this to get people used to the AI features before turning it into a subscription only feature
do you guys think we will get to a point where smartphone companies will start selling software updates instead of actual phones? The way I see it with every new phone every year all that changes is the software.
" kill you, ki YouTube " 🤣Best translation
So instead of Samsung stepping out there and really really separating themselves from the IPhone in looking the same each year. They go and do the same " looking " phone they've had in the last 4 years. Going to have to get another android phone like Realme or Oppo. Damn I wish Huawei would get Google back. 😔
When you using apple watch?
Will AI feature be launched later in S23 Ultra also?
Arun, I love the oversized tee. Where’s it from? 😅
So this is fucking same
Is Galaxy Ai going to be on its predecessors?
First hand on and reviewed, many many love for this man,🎉
Me: I FINALLY WATCHED A VIDEO LESS THAN AN HOUR OLD Everybody Else: I watched a video 10 Minutes old
I'd like to see an ai comparison with the new pixel range
The AI will get better with time we all know that
HOW IS THIS GUY GETTING EVERY ELECTRONIC IN HISTORY
slight mistake at 1:37 its the opposite aluminum is a better conductor than titanium
Don't listen to him Samsung, keep the sharp corners, must stay square 😀
A massive increase in brightness 😂😂
are those features going to be available on the s23 ultra, too? because they are so cool and I just bought the phone and want these features
What's more important is that he's wearing his wedding ring now. Congrats Arrun. Many happy returns
This man has guts to say the truth
people talking about how all iphones are the same meanwhile s24 looks like last gen and last gen before it
When can we expect the Galaxy Book 4? I was hoping for an announcement this evening but nothing 🫤
13:55
There’s a S24 now ? When did that happen?!
what happened to your elbow??
Reviewing samsung with apple watch😂
i got MKBHD and MrWhoseTheBoss S24 Ultra videos notifications at the same time🤣🤣🤣
I'll stick to my s23 ultra for the next few generations. I don't feel like this AI on phone thing is something I can't trust for now.
did bro post this DURING the event
As a s23 ultra owner, really happy to see they holding on to the same main design. Makes samsung phones hold their value better
The conclusion: Buy the s23 ultra if you really want. S24 is just more expensive
MrYouAreTheBoss 😅
Samsung has just dropped a nuke at apple headquarters and fanboys
❤❤❤
All these years been watching Arun’s vids, first time I am seeing him speechless at around 4:03
Samsung kills apple every year and people still fall for apple
Bye samsung, 10x was the only thing unique about the Ultra when it comes to cameras. No matter how good that 5x lens is, won't be as good at 10x as the real deal
Just shows you they are running out of idea’s. So basically it’s a S23 with software tricks that could just be put on the S23 to do the same thing. It’s all software now and not hardware. It should be showing us better hardware and not software that could just be put on a S23. No point in upgrading from a S23 to a S24 when there is no benefits in the normal day to day using a phone. That’s the only thing I don’t like about channels like this is how they bullshit things up but not tell it as it is. These very little updates are bad for a phone you had for a year and expect people to upgrade too. I think phones should come out every 3 years because these upgrades are pointless.
So Galaxy AI is reskinned Google Services?
Well done Samsung for putting a load of novelty junk on your phone that 90% of people won’t be even bothered about using! 👌🏼
Boringgggggf
I would literally be over the moon if anyone were to gift me this, as I'm in a bad state where the Redmi note 8 that i was using broke recently and now I'm phoneless (it's my nephew's phone that I'm using to watch this video tho :( ) Loads of love :3 !
They had a look at the Nokia Lumia designs
Love your vids man. Would love Pixel 8 Pro vs S24 Ultra vs IPhone 15 Pro camera :)
It's truly impressive that Samsung sets their Flag in the beginning of the year and Manages to hold that up until the very end.
Is there anything Arun can't do?
Ha! I saw it you through the phone and some in the back caught it 😂…..
it looks so bad tho
Will Galaxy AI be available for the S23 series too?
Where did you get the 2015 model 😂
why is arun looking like ali abdaal today
Ai + 7= marketing trick
this is what i call an "upgrade"
One question for everyone which colour would u pick???
May be you should host their events too. May be it will be more entertaining 🎉
Apple, Apple really won this guy didn't they?
Who is going to comment aluminum🙈
i wanna buy this now.....😅😅😅😅😅😅
the same F design 3 generations, what a load of BS. Only clowns will buy this.
Samsung lived long enough to become the villain (apple)
Aluminium is a much better conductor of heat than Titanium, is the frame significantly thinner? Because otherwise the new phones should be worse at transferring heat from the inside to the outside.
Here's the reality 90% of all consumer doesn't give damn about what the phone give you internally but it does matter if the phone change its outlook but in this case nothing change. You can brag about hundreds of shenanigans it's gonna offer that end of the day the phone is same as 22,23, 24 or future 25.
For those the AI is from xda they just put it on their phone that's all you guys can do this now via adb so fu j you samsung no more is the same shi t phone samsung is like iPhone now 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Really hope some of those photo and camera app features come to the S23 Ultra as well. Would love to see my phone take better low light photos and video and a faster camera app. The AI features are pretty impressive, too.
Introducing Samsung Galaxy Pixel
You the best ❤️ .
210204th💀
Samsung copying apple as usual 🤣
18:40 The sentence in German doesn't make sense xD
I love me some MKBHD. But damn!…your video is better than. You made it😂
i hate tech
Cameras never improves indoors picture of moving objects :<.. Trying to sell my kittens and taking picture of my kittens with my S22 ultra gives stupid blurry pictures because cats won't stay still!
AI is important which I phone doesn't have now in the next I phone they'll have it definitely coz now Samsung has it so all the companies r not perfect they do copy each other
Meanwhile apple at 2036.... We introduce to you...
Why is he wearing a chain Is my man trying to e a rapper 😊
Now you can check your emails and watch YouTube videos at light speed!!! 😮
Actually in Europe we are going to have the awful Exynos version not the Snapdragon, Samsung keeps selling inferior phones !
Well that was quick 🤣
Apple is like when Samsung does it it's okay
Samsung on fire....
No proper face id no buy....finger print unlock it's so shitty......
Note 20 ultra alreasy had 12 Gbs Ram...I have one and still woeks as if it were new😅
Wow, the automatic SMS translation 18:43 is really bad, when you translated it from English to German, the German was really, and I mean really bad.
Bro get phone faster than CEO himself ☠️
Yesssss
SO is the new phone worth it over S23
So no real upgrade just dogshit ai garbage that battery size is huge disapointment they should rather made more progress with battery tha  this dogshit ai crap we do not need
my sony A7C mirrorless costs more than that phone and still doesnt have enough power to shot 120fps , not that i am saying its even in the same ball park when it comes to quality but that power is baffling i wonder what if something like that galaxy s4 zoom with an lens mount ? the cameras would have been way better
Samsung literally changes the smart phone world all the time.  The long range zoom The Big phones Foldable phones S pen.  Kudos Samsung. I really appreciate how far they go to make smart phones interesting.  Great video by the way.
What is that hoodie you are wearing?
Me watching this with a tecno😭😭
does this guy has a cat?
Same fu... King design. 🥲. I hate it. Samsung should really think about a new design. They are not going to the future they are going to old school shit design. Hate for s24 and only 10 dollars value iPhone to 100 dollars shit. Still i can't buy because of their Brand value= value ₹.
Are we gonna see a Samsung S24 vs Iphone 15 video?
0:18 nice catch
I'm honestly not that impressed with galaxy ai. I guess it was too hyped and I expected the wow factor to be bigger.
Still, like every new flag ship phone, it is wayyy too expensive and not that much different
Will that AI software come to S23 Ultra or should I consider upgrading to the basically same phone? :D
Idk but I just feel to ask, are you doing good Arun? everything's okay? I hope everything's good!
Indians pin here!😊
18:42 as a german i really need to say the translation in the video make no sense It sounds like you're being kidnapped😅
18:43 I can say as a native German speaker the english to german translation was terrebile, it just translated it word by word, so there was no sense at all.  But I still think it is a great phone, and probably the best phone ever at the Time.
Samsung should change the design bit
ive been using an iphone for the last like 14 years and ive been wanting to try a samsung phone, may have to give this a  go.,
Well I did expect it. The phone has some decent features. It's a great new phone, but absolutely isn't something worth upgrading from a 1 or 2 year old phone. My S23 Ultra's gonna last me a while still!
Can u do a camera comparison with Vivo x100 pro and iPhone 15 pro max please..❤❤
İs there satellite messaging SOS capabilities?
Have to wait another 14 days :(
"Id actually peg it" - Mrwhosetheboss
these prices are INSANE! I really want one, but I guess I'll have to keep my Pixel 5 a while longer.
Every time I see new gorilla glass bla bla my mind... in about a week, we should be able to see scratches at level 6 and deeper grooves at level 7.😂
Not me with my s22 ultra still waiting for the one ui 6 update while this phone already has 6.1😭😭😭😭
It’s funny that he is wearing a Apple Watch while rating a Samsung product
They.are fooling us,  because of cost cutting and increasing profit they substituted curve display with flat display.😂😂
Tough competition for Apple.
2600 nits, but does it support DolbyVision yet?...
I don’t trust Samsung’s benchmark numbers. They were caught a few years ago artificially inflating them only for benchmarks.
Bang on video 😌❤️
Happy Married Life Arun.
Sonys flagship's could record Last Year 4k 120fps with the Snapdragon Gen 2, whats so special @mrwhoestheboss?
It's not that brilliant and all this AI stuff is over rated
Tbh,s24 ultra doesn't feel like even such big upgrade compared to s23 ultra from s22 ultra
Anybody wana buy my iphone 15 pro max in the price of this phone?
Always very thorough. Appreciate the early take.
Yay. Pointless gimmicks until they work out wtf they are doing with AI. Not hopeful.
You Are The 🐐 GOAT Of Tech Period!
Great video. Do you get the same AI Features on older phones like the S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra via software updates? They're both equipped with a more capable processor.  It's a very puzzling question for me because if you do get the features, then there's really no good reason to upgrade from 22 or 23 ultra.  If you don't get the update, this would mean that for the first time ever, you won't get the most out of your hardware because you need to pay extra for the software.
Every one just forget Google phone is only the one whom best at Ai
Nothing about the PWM?
So yeah s23 ultra gonna be left in the dust while having basically the same hardware
Just now I was watching the live launch of the s24 Ulta AI and accidentally clinked on next and here this guy already posted a review video. You flash bro! 😂
Bixby new name galaxy Ai??
casually dropped the S24 review
No1 channel for sure. Just tried to pre order the s24 ultra in uk on website but says were sorry the form is closed. Hopefully thats just a glitch
Bro just  put hands on S24 Ultra and release  video on YouTube about it  while Samsung is still streaming live on Event 🖐🤚🖐🤚🖐🤚
4:04 OnePlus 12 will have 4500 nits
S24 and S24+ crying in the corner
I can't wait for the teardown 😮😮😮
The smart keyboard is funny because microsoft made a keyboard that does the exact same thing as samsung and has a chatgpt and image ai in the keyboard
sorry but it Look the same nothing has changed, i cannot See why he describes ihr like that
Exynos tale continues!!
Do a review on Nothing phone.
Just so you know, Titanium is a far worse conductor of heat then aluminium 17 W/m-k vs 210 W/m-k respectively. It is however much stronger and so can be make lighter weight.
1:33 are y'all idiots at Samsung ? Y'all know the Iphone 15 bending problem
I waited so much for this
Yo arun you need some money or what too many ads🫨
Hello screen burn-in. We keep talking about brightness gains, but motha, every oled phone ive gotten has burn-in symbols from the notifications bar and navigation buttons.  I can't be the only one. Literally, every samsung phone I've owned since note 8.
can you give me one sumsung
I'm bored with these phones
I think its time to get rid of my S10 😂
iphone<samsung
Could you please compare Pixel AI features with Galaxy when you are doing a detailed review? I would like to know who is more advanced and will 8Gen 3 over takes Tensor in terms of AI
The screen brightness is kind of silly on an OLED display. Had my s22 Ultra on max brightness for only a couple of months, and got permanent burn in of all sorts of things already, same on my girlfriend's phone. The higher the brightness, the quicker the pixels wear out, though I guess it's kind of neat for Samsung's sales if people ditch their old phones early because of burn in.
Why promoting Starbucks though?
Can't wait for Jerryrigeverything to remove the AI and show it to us 🔥🔥
Watching in my Samsung Galaxy S4 😂😂
lol I'm good still looks no different then the rest
Starbucks? Really?
This phone is a downgrade in my pov atleast for the display.  The curved high quality display is what that differentiates it from the iphone but the flat display is a dealbreaker for me
does the UK 24 Ultra have the snapdragon gen 3 chip or is it USA exclusive?
Android fans: “Apple makes same design, nothing new” Also android fans: buys exactly the same sucksung as previous year 😂
iPhone s23, s24
BOYCOTT STARBUCKS AND FREE PALESTINE
Dude faster than samsung
Are we doomed? I'm still worried about the AI in this smas phone. Are they trying to be evil with us? Are they ripping off Apple?
Me watching this on a Samsung Galaxy S6: ahhh yes very informative
Something i was noticing during this video  was the way the view is going up 😮
Aai notes is everything I need
hands down . switching to s24! ❤
Rip curved screen
My reaction for the s24 ultra → 🥱🥱
In this whole video I only see Apple Watch :D :D :D Rookie mistake :)
Samsung should pay you for this review you're magnificent ❤
Cellular phone❌  AI phone ✅            😂
Why they had to make regular S24 and Plus model with Exynos
They should have added a 6th lens with 12x optical zoom upto 120x at 48-50mp
I kinda feel sorry for my dumb LD S22U poor big guy 😢
❤❤❤❤
So Ai is still 💩 and we get nothing new at all. Samsung just did apple, no major upgrade until the next series.
The Meeting feature will come in very handy in my job. where I have to sometimes take Meeting Minutes. which I struggle at.
Will website summarization work offline if the site is downloaded? There shouldn't be any reason that it could not.
Well damn guess I need to get this phone to replace my S10. ..he said for the 5th year in a row 👀
Sad to see how my favourite company has slowly turned into apple
Nooooo they don't copied apple, in any sense like bro they copied the material, the screen and sooooooo much more😂😂😂😂
Vote for giveway I really need a phone
Wow...20k likes in 45 minutes!!
Will this be on the s21?
Bro it didn’t even appear how did bro manage to make a video dude
i legit can onlyt count on you
Praise the Lord !
also i really hope it lets u chose the language.  becuse i have several ocations where the site wants to translate to my native language but i cant read my own native language. i understand and can speak it but i cant read it. its just a weird thing of mine becuase whenever i try to use google lens to translate something from native to english where half the text is english and half is native, it usually translates the english, so i just have to ask my mom
Nice now they can shoot better AI photos of the moon
as an android developer i feel that many of these new features are easy to implement. but they are the toughest one to think of.
It's worth
The guy has some serious obsession with Pokemons!!!!
Fun fact: Pixels already have most of these features
i Love❤️Samsung From Bangladesh 🇧🇩
Bro reviewed the phone even before Samsung
@mrwhosetheboss can I have your s22 ultra 😢 new year for you big fan
This phone slap i15 so hard, Samsung said "DO BETTER APPLE, UPGRADE!"
1 hour gang
Brooooo
Samsung is faster then any other delivery services
Finally it's here and a real video
So all Ai featurea you can use in Apps on each Phone
Hey Arun love from Nepal ❤
Camera 1 gen off being perfect! Hmmm I have seen the hole thing!  It is just a prettier phone, no way close to the powerhouse of performance that is the iPhone!
In pakistan,u dont get to see it in real life esppacially hunza🥀
Can’t wait for the full review
Apple really needs to step up their game
Google's new phone better go crazy with ai
How are people slamming iPhone for having small changes to their hardware but Samsung get away with it 💀
This guy, tech burner, Technical guruji, everyone upload at a same time😂😂🔥🔥
This guy reviews newest Samsung product while wearing apple watch
MrHTB switches to Samsung but forgot to take the apple watch off
when did they relase it??
One word, amazing.
OnePlus ‘never settle’ Nothing  ‘nothing’
Look like a gorgeous I love it 🥰
This is the best MrBeast video till date. Well done
I go buy s22
And there’s already fakes
Being as I am a 20+ year Aircraft Structures Technician who knows a lot about metal, including steel, aluminum, titanium, magnesium etc. I can tell you that you are incorrect when you say that titanium is better at conducting heat away from the phone. Actually titanium has very high heat properties and is used as a heat shield specifically because it doesn't transfer heat well. So the heat inside the phone would actually be more contained inside a titanium skinned phone than an aluminum skinned phone. Aluminum works great as a "heat sink" because it transfers heat better than any other metal. Radiators in cars are made of aluminum for the same reason.
Hi
It's literally same shit every time and every new model is oNe Of ThE MoSt FaSciNaTiNg PhOnEs Of DeCaDe, aren't you tired of this crap?
I have been waiting for this exact video for like 6 months
It's said that for using ai You Will have to pay subscription
Nice one Samsung
man, no news on updated bixby capability with LLM and onboard AI is kinda shit.
Damn ain't this phone supposed to launch in February?!?!?
All hail the pixel the pixel live transcribe is a life saver 😅 now I know how cool that feature is
I'm here 41 minutes late😂
Woohoo here we go!
Finally a video abt a phone and not abt game, pokemon, gadget etc.
Product that compare themselves to the "competition" are just ??? Change my mind
Thank goodness for the flat screen. Curve screen break like hell on those curves, and not to mention constant false touch on the edge.
No normal person cares about AI especially when it comes to photos. What’s the point in making these phone cameras so powerful if they go and ruin it with AI that ruins the photos.
Just buy iphone problem solve
RIP APPLE
Will that ai features come in future updates for the s23? Or is it built in the s24? Please reply
Is this my phone or screen dimming is part of the edit?
Dude, I know with almost 18m subs, you don´t care. But jeez, it´s 2024, please add chapters to your videos^^
Wow I'm impressed.. that's what u would probably say instead of the truth
You have broken the record of video count 😮, you are the best bro
The tone fixing thing might help me since I’m autistic and written communication is one of my weaknesses, takes a long time to sound normal.
Unless it has a 3.5 mm headphone jack, im not interested
Can get a heart please 🥺❤️
3:16 s23 had a choice between 8 and 12 GB of RAM
Give S24 Ultra 10 years of software updates then it would have been 💯💯
That always on display looks familiar
18:39 rick rolled via text
Dream phone 💜 One day I will be able to buy it 🙏💜
Surely upgrading from 23 ultra to 24
What a great phone nice job Samsung
Does it take real moon photos now?
the ai is crazy
Curved screens are trash
We got S24 first than GTA 6. Bruh
Heavy Apple user here. Suddenly my 15 pro feels so outdated.
Can't wait for Jerry to scratch test this phone, cuz you guys know he def will bahah
Make a camera comparison video of x100 pro with this
Pretty sure this guy can get GTA6 a year early
It looks the same as last years. No innovation at all.
Worth an upgrade ✅
What's with that wierd smirk.
Bruh
My guy not only got his hands on it super early. He uploaded this at the same time as Galaxy Unpacked.
Bruh let Samsung announce these features before you post😅
damn this is my dream phone
Cool
Arun are youu sick or something you feel weak in videoooo whats the problem
So now is just worse pixel 8 pro with AI😂
How are you going to cope with no iPhone
Is this a sponsored video?
BRO THE LIVESTREAM OF SAMSUNG IS STILL GOING HOWWW
Looking forward to going from my s21U to 24U!
The best is Samsung ❤
Seems like Samsung and Apple ran out of new phone design ideas😂😂 we keep getting the same thing every year.
Buy a cheap DSLR camera and be amazed at the photos it can take.
One of the only reviewers I trust. ❤
Bro is working on quality videos and every detail of the phone is explained in a very comprehensive way 😊❤ excited for apple vs Samsung camera comparison
looks like my old sony xz1 like 10 years before.
Van u review redmagic 9 pro ? Pls😊
This guy gets a new phone faster than me trying to rush my homework to watch this video.
This is spectacular. There would likely be a paradigm shift in phone production as more would migrate into integrating AI. Samsung has opened this opportunity. Nice one.
You   Are most hardworking tech reviewer I’ve ever seen keep it up🇧🇩
This is a beast. A really smart smartphone
Well i think it's the most perfect phone that Samsung has ever made
1403rd comment
So can you send me you s23 ultra  please 😢
මේක බලන ලංකාවෙ සෙට් එක කෝ....? 😊 🇱🇰
A like to this comment will be  "ALMIGHTY " 💪
please review iqoo 12 @Mrwhosetheboss
Google Pixel's AI is far less gimmicky and useful compared to Samsung Galaxy AI
lol people are quick to call google’s AI capabilities trash but look at all this! Ya’ll trippin thinking google is behind anyone.
that Samsung is INSANE, I could probably go back to Samsung 🥲
Are these Ai features just for ultra?
Oppo add in Samsung review 😅
Seems like a good starting point for AI in phones. But nowhere near impressive enough to switch from an S23U to an S24U. AI in phones needs at least a couple of years to develop.  So if any of you got the S23U recently, don't feel bad haha
mkhd released vid first
At this point who cares about color.....always slap on a cover
same same but difilant
FREE IPHONE PLZ
hard pass, gimmicky AI phone this year. can't be serious about wanting to scribble lines or cricles to search the web....
I think arun is getting bald
Where is the curved display?? The major thing that distinguishes Samsung from others !
Any improvement on speakers?
Love You’re vidios🎉🎉🎉❤❤❤❤❤🖥️⌚️📱
Why is he talking weird
Yeah I'll wait to see what Google does with their next phone.
Really excited to watch what's inside and then there's the bgm which just nailed it ❤
Everything good except AI, not even a single AI Feature looks desirable
Boring S24 🤣 Ai is just for name
Your videos are very good quality and your channel's growing quickly  🤯📈 Good luck on accomplishing your goal of passing @Apple in subscribers ❤
All iphones look the same
For every like on this comment ill do a push up
The translation feature has nothing to do with the specific AI.  It has to do with language and how we communicate.  Ai will never be-able to decode human nuance and context in real time.  Languages are too different from each other for this to work as well as actually speaking another language.  Besides short convos  and requests.
The Almighty Of all phns S24 Ultra
Exynos FTW
how you get it so fast
The way you just attacking the ai is annoying i mean this is something new never seen before this is the beginning you just attacking it. Before the phone comes out if anyone ask you what a best phone should be like i don't all this ideas will come to your head. So pls just appreciate their effort even though its not perfect yet. For crying out loud its annoying.😑
The fact that us outside the US/Canada get shafted with the lesser Exynos 2400 CPU instead of the latest SnapDragon 8 Gen 3 means this phone is completely irrelevant to even consider. I don't get why they do this, is it purposely done to sell fewer phones?
ok was waiting to buy a new phone after 3 years using my iphone 12 pro max, samsung it is again
my dad says i could get any phone i want when i finish grade 8 i know what im picking
0:17 bro Its a good catch ❤😂😂
The S24 is a great phone, don’t get me wrong but I feel smartphones are getting boring, nothing excitingly new is happening. Maybe we have peaked, who knows?
your editors are really good honestly
I think a lot of these AI features are great for students.  Or it would have been for me as a student had i had them.
Wowie
This right here is the kind of phone i want when I make it one day
1500 euros in Spain. have we gone mad? are we out of our god damned minds?  i'll pass
Please stop buying Starbucks
Actually i can't seeany improvements that deserve to upgrade😢
I'm waiting for jerryrig 😂
Love how he was comparing to the 15 pro max but when the samsung company says it's better than tge competition, he plays dumb and asks what's tge competition 😂😂😂
You know your fav ytber becomes rich when he wares gold on him
the translation at minute 18:42 from english to german is wrong and makes absolutely no sense. Looks like the translation isn't that good yet
Don't know how much I waited for this
Yeah a new video 3:23:57
all thats well and good but can it make phone calls ??
Nice one!
Hii sir imagine getting a heart from you ❤
The guy behind, Nice catch 😂
Wow that smooth Rick Roll in the messages
Samsung is one of the few phone companies that are actually interested in breakthrough smartphone technologies. 7:17
This is just a shit piece of a phone
Hi Arun!  Cool video!  Very cool! 🤝
Samsung suck
How does Arun get the phone unbox it research about it make a video edit it and upload it so fast like how? 🤔
what in the... 13:45 How the hell that AI knew the plant was behind you ??
This is nice, but I've heard about Samsung galaxy zero for 3 years now, why isn't it released yet? 🤔
cant wait for the camera testttt
Waste of money. And no Snapdragon for British users
I absolutely hate the new UI I can no longer access quick detailed settings from quick access and now must go to the actual settings apps to change things as simple as Dolby Atmos settings
Its basically s23 with exclusive software updates
is there seamless 4k 60 camera switching while recording like the iphone?
Should i be upgrading from iphone 14 pro max to s24 ultra?
Pls do one plus 12
And people says iPhone have the same design.. here you go
Can you Give me one S24 Ultra. BTW Big Fan of your videos.
corporate would like you to tell the difference between these two pictures
The S24 ultra will put Apple on an edge, they can slack with the iPhone 16.
The s24 ultra seems to be an equally good upgrade from the s23 ultra as the s23 ultra was from the s22 ultra. If that is indeed the case, then the s24 ultra might just truly dominate every other phone in 2024
I love Mr whos d boss
i won't be surprised if samsung is debuting its phone on his channel...😂
I'm very, very excited for the S25 and Galaxy AI now! I really hope they dont offload more of the AI features but instead try and find away to keep them onboard the device.
Wait, theres no black one? I'll have to keep my Galaxy Note 2 another year then (still going strong)
For every like i will put anther dollar to buy the s24 ultra
looks like the old sony xperias
galaxy commercial.. dude soldout
I see you rushed to become the first 😂
0 (ZERO) AI was found in Samsung Galaxy S24. And all other products on the market. Stop using this buzz word so much.
I skipped th3 Samsung event qnd watched his video now ...he is perfect 😅
Samsung is run by tech extraterrestrials
20:44 you leaked his/her number just saying pls fix it ??
fun fact- Mrwhosetheboss uploaded this video before the release stream started😊
34th minute of being published
Very good🔥
S24 Ultra is really good i want to buy that phone
So now no one’s gonna make fun of Samsung for keeping the same design like they did with apple🙂
apple be like: hold my beer
me who still uses iphone 6s 💀
i lile the smooth screen of the s23 ultra now they are razors
The S24 looks very premium
Hellow
I swear we just had the S20...  When did Samsung churn out 6 more?
Pixel just got killed on the only feature it was better at
So glad i skipped s24 ultra this year. Reducing the 10x was a bummer. The rest of the Ai is just fluff for this generation
A lot of the ai features seem like they just followed suit with the pixels
Desperately waiting for an in-depth review of the s24 ultra from you and if you could then please do a review on nubia z60 ultra
Squirtle😂
Oh god the translation at 18:45 is so horable XD
Finally a flat screen!
Can you uninstall the "AI"? If not, I'm not interested.
i can at least confirm the german translation of your sentence was absolutely terrible. so that def needs an update.
It’s aluminum, not aluminium.
Who scrolled through comments as watching 😊
20:44  u forgot to blur the number
New tech is coming out faster than I can keep up😅
every time I watch a new mrwhosetheboss video, I feel like he has found a new editing style to improve the content, he deserves to surpass apple in subscribers to build the biggest and best iPhone ever!
Apple is getting smoked away with this one. 🗣🗣
I just can't get enough of your videos 😊
Bro already posted a video while samsung is live with their launch
Will be “ almighty push” 😂😂😂😂
I didn't even know the Samsung s 24 is out.  👁️👄👁️
Bro already posted a video while samsung is live with their launch
summary : nothing has changed ..just telephoto got worse !
Start building biggest iphone bro cuz you are about to win over apple😅
Bro already posted a video while samsung is live with their launch
he started wearing a apple watch since when?
The sensor size of IPhone 15 is bigger than S24 Ultra🤣 Samsung the king of innovation🤣 The camera sensor size of S24 Ultra is same as one used in S21 Ultra😆 1/1.3😑
Does it have Qi 2 charging  (with the magnets)?
Its funny to see when samsung let all the tech youtubers release this video. Every single one eas released within 2 minutes of eachother
Bro already posted a video while samsung is live with their launch
I love the sharp corners. A case can mitigate the corners issue
Bro already posted a video while samsung is live with their launch
This guy learns from books he write
So many fascinating changes and upgrades from the previous version. Well worth the upgrade. 🤔🥱😝
my dear fu**ing apple thank you for getting step forward and 2 backward becouse evey other company follow you
Can I have the phone now?
Me after watching this video  Lets buy this phone then remembers i dont have enough money 😂 Jokes aside nice video ❤
18:43 The grammar was awful in this example💀
you're very quickly becoming my favorite tech channel 😊
Good change in video production , i disliked your videos 6-8 months ago where you would ramble nonstop without a break to maximize your watch time
Provisual Engine is nothing but a samsung using 10 bit display for HDR of Gallery Photos and videos
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24 but seems like they hit the spot and a lot of people will be taking note of it as a key feature in coming years!!
Disappointed with Samsung not changing it's design. It is becoming Apple! At least my s23u case will fit in the s24u, I hope.
Always the best review of the newest phone and that editing🎉
watching on SAMSUNG GALAXY NOTE 8💥
Impressive how we're watching this video instead of the samsung's upacked live video
Watching on S23 Ultra
0:18 real answer : "They sponsored me and get big bucks for saying this"
I absolutely hate iPhone designs, that is the reason why i hate iPhones. But this.... this... this is by far the worst android design in the history of smartphones, i would go as far as to say that after seeing its blue color, iPhones actually have a better design and iPhones are the worst designed phones. I would expect such a terrible design from budget smartphones not a flagship and that too from samsung, who literally creates revolutionary designs. Don't get me wrong I loved both S22 Ultra and S23 Ultra, I convinced my dad to buy an S22 ultra, but now, anybody who buys S24 Ultra, automatically loses respect in my eyes. Now if I see the S24 ultra in someone's hands I automatically assuming how bad of a taste the person has in designs and fashion. Samsung I know I sound like a hater but please create better designs, I expect a lot more from you.
I quit the video immediately when I saw Starbucks which is the king of genocide supporter, free Palestine 🇵🇸
Would be nice if you could also talk about the base S24 model and the S24+ model as well, without only focusing on the ultra model
Hey🎉
I heard Samsung also improved the smoothness and fluidity on the phone that beats out the iPhone/IOS
I feel like samsung and jujutsukaisen are in the same group (feel the same for apple and Mcdonald)
I bought S23U 512gb 2 weeks ago  (today is 17th jan). Should I be sad about not waiting. I loved the edges of s23U. but looking at 7 yr os updates, i feel sad. Will we see some features from s24 series in S23U soon?
Samsung most likely beating Google in A.I features this year with some real hardware.  I will be there.
I can confidently say that Arun is the greatest tech reviewer on the planet.
are you not going to review the rog phone 8?
Absolute gem of a phone ⭐
Even after 2 years import this phone to Pakistan and custom duties: Pay 500 USD tax😅🎉   Still i love Samsung than simple iPhone.
0:17 What a Catch 😂😂😂
Try to do just simpler videos like MKBHD
The biggest thing between samsung and  iphone is that are they water proof we need a video testing that between the new iphone and samsung maybe u can put it in your review or just make a solo video about it im swiching to iphone because there water proof u should test the S 24 water proof capabilities too because the ultra has a pin the S24 doesn't so mabey thta means less water gets in the phone
I love the videos and hats off to the editors because I can binge every one of your videos any day. However, please dial down the glowing outlines that mark each section. It feels crowded to my eyes.
Go back to iPhone please
We will wait to see the durability test of that glass and we know where to find that durability test 😂😂😂 *glass is glass*
MRWTB > MKBHD
❤you're the boss.. wow😮
Look like Apple downfall has started😂
This makes me miss my android 😢😢
This guy is gets a new phone every time I eat lol
Switching to titanium is a smart way, wish they could've done it sooner. But the S24 features looks exciting can't wait for SS to perfect some of these features overall it's exciting phone and I am ready for it💯
No thanks to AI.
i just cannot find any update in design
So basically an S23 with an AI gimmick, a worse CPU for Europe, same camera and an unnecessary brightmess level, gotchu.
Best tech YouTuber for me
Just wait for the Google Pixel 9 😈
20:44 man u leaked the number
Moment of silence for that leaked number💀
AI looks cool and we hear that every year. After every year NOBODY ever mentions it anymore !  What they remember was batterylife, display performance, design, speakers and the way it felt.
Amazing teview🔥🔥🔥🔥
my contract for my s23 ultra dosnt run out until aug 2025.... and ive been filming my youtube videos and tiktoks on my phone for the last year almost useing only my phone. I cant wait to see the full detailed side by side for the camera and video break downs to see if its worth me getting an early upgrade or just investing in a propper camera.
You are the best mrwhosetheboss. The way you  tell us and all keep it up l. Big fan from  Ethiopia. I wish i have  one of those.
This time you can zoom and see the planet Mars
Didnt even give samsung a chance to drop the phone at their event. Jhee
that blue one looks like LG V60 LOL
Watching this on S23U, but i have started feeling that S24U is the beast and best upgrade over the great. Those AI features are literally blowing of my mind. Specially that camera shutter.
Mrwhosetheboss for next video do Samsung S24 ultra S21 ultra IPhone 15 Pro max and IPhone 13 pro max with S24 plus i love battery test
it so obvious with his boring tone how he doesn't like new tech that is not Apple,but does it for the clout
I feel all this can acomplished with a software update, but they make it look like selling points
Can you gift me a Samsung... Been a fan❤
Same old garbage as last time. Phones are too mature these days to offer any real innovation.
I love the ai part because its so good for being new for them and know we have the iphone 15 rival s24 camera test?
No shaking I will be gting this phone in the next 2 years...
The New UI is also on my S21 ultra. It was an android update
4:17 The peak brightness of the Honor Magic 6 series is FIVE THOUSAND NITS.
time to trade in my s23 ultra for a s24 ultra 😂
Im a samsung fan but phones have become overdone with all this crap you can do now.
Ai is the upgrade, how about they update that to the s23, s22, and even s21 line-up aswell
Just sold my apple stock for 430k. Gonna invest in samsung
I think pixel 8 pro have all AI feature
LOVE THE FLAT DISPLAY
Where you got information that titanium is good for heat conductivity? Because it is horribly wrong. In compare with aluminum it is almost opposite.
I remember a time when Arun said “no adverts until the end of the video”... I say this 3 adverts into this vid... I used to purposely sit and watch until the very end to make sure he got the ad revenue. Now I do what I do with everyone else, stop the video when I get annoyed of ads/watched as much I wanted.
PLEASE PIN ME day 1
I noticed Samsung doesn't roasted apple for using titanium in their phones after all implementing it however as Samsung would do in any other major copying update (Definitely not starting a new Controversy)
20:47 NUMBER LEAKED AHAHAHA
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is gonna be my next phone.
Bro did Samsung just wasted their Money by doing their own AI instead of using Google's AI 💀
hi
That 7 years of android updates is hands down the best part of it lol
S24 ultra or 15 pro max!! Which is better!!
We definitely need much better video zoom capabilities. After the "aliens in Miami" incident, I've had enough of videos of aliens or Bigfoot looking like they were shot on a cctv from the 50's
i have a samsung a34 and the software is the smae thing like the s24
WiFi 7 is completely useless specially when WiFi 6 isn't even available widely
And now to test the note taking app, we will discuss... Pokémon. *facepalm*
I hate flat display 😭 i will go for s23 ultra just for this :/
I wait for mext design all look the same🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
That 7 years of OS update is a big W
My S23 ultra still best no need upgrade 😅🙄🙄
He starts talking about AI at 12:05 If anyone wondering
Honestly ditching the the 10× optical zoom was not a good idea. It was one of the biggest strength of Samsung flagships, and now it's not.s It is more similar to iphone, than the flagship Samsung from past years.
You should now do iPhone 15 pro max vs s24 ultra !
dang i didnt even realize the s24 is here! like this man gets his hands on these phones faster than the speed of light LIKE EXPLAIN HOW LOLL and btw this is an edit in the message in 3:31 you mention that samsung upped the amount of ram but i have an s22 ultra i bought in UAE earlier this year because there was a huge sale in a certified shop that HAS 12 gb of ram and yes it is real it is getting real samsung updates and it has a snapdragon gen 1 and i do have a warranty
this is the most liked comment for some reason
i think they should have made the 3x lens the high quality big lens and kept the 10x how it was
Yeah Fanboy It's Crazy!
Apple better have all these things done the "APPLE WAY" by their next launch.
Hiw did he get the phone at a fast speed and look at the views that are poppin 😮😮😮🎉🎉
People always said Ai would take our jobs. Guess we don't need translators, or taxi drivers.
Can You Please Do Samsung S24 Ultra VS iPhone 15 Pro
Ai good can be deadly but look at this so many new feature to mess  around with what was not possible and ai it’s still very new so it’s safe to say phones will still evolve for many for years to came so that is very good
He shouted praise the Lord😂😂
S23 ultra is still way to go🔥
Always a treat to watch your reviews even though I don't have the money buy. Quality of your video feels like watching a movie.
The potential is insane.
Smartphone dengan teknologi AL😮, ini luar biasa
They laughed at Titanium  They laughed at flat sides They laughed at the 5x lens  Well well well
R.I.P iPhone 15 pro max
Cool! Thank you sir. Well done.
ai sucks
“Galaxy AI can control what you write and also what you receive “ i’m sure i heard this somewhere in past 1930 to 2000 s
I like S24 Ultra
Love this!   But honestly i really want the old Emojis back xD   Thats the only thing i want rn
Hi guys
This phone is truly beautiful.
Nahh Samsung are popping
Doubt I'll get any of these updates. Rooted my Samsung yesterday and now it tells me I'm not allowed to connect to the update server. Oh well. I prefer admin access.
Now thats the revolution of Technology this will be revolutionise in 5 years by Apple
Still some fools gonna buy boring iphones 😂
Like this comment in the comment above me if you were here within an hour
90% AI fetures are in PIXEL better like PIXEL IS A W
Id rather watch this than the event itself 😭
I see my pet grip with the On-Off being too close to the volume buttons. I have big hands and sometimes turn the phone off mid conversation when trying to adjust the volume down.
Who is in an hour?
iPhone 15pro max vs Samsung galaxy s24 camera comparison video please
Why it's 22 . And there is absolutely nothing is new
Dude's faster than GALAXY
Dude is always ahead of samsung that owns the phones 😅
Background"Music" is annoying!!
Dute is faster then Samsung
Please Do iPhone 15 VS Samsung S24 Ultra
That circle thing we already kinda have it. Lens
I knew the samsung s24 ultra would blow the iPhone 15 pro max out the water.
Me who JUST bought a iPhone 15 pro...and now hands down loves the s24u 👁👄👁
Im really curious how these AI features compete with the pixel 8
Service is faster than speed of light
bro instead of throwing your iphone like that can you please ship it to me, its my dream phone
Trotzdem ist Siri besser, als dass was Samsung zu bieten hat!!!
16:10 Remeber chocoate pillows and whole milk 😂😂
Am I the only one who's excited for Mr who's the boss video more than Samsung unpack live launch
Omg all look the same 😂😂😂
Honestly, it's not doing it for me
I didn't watch the event I just came here
bros gripping the phone with an almost phone crushing grip 😂😂 I've never gotten a mark from the corner of the phone 23 ultra 😂
Finally Samsung gave him enough reason to switch from iphone since S10 5G😂.
Sounds like the best phone in the world
I want it
Amazing content as always 🔥🔥🔥 may we please get a comparison of this beast of a phone with the Vivo x100 Pro
dayummmmmmmmmmmm son
LESGOOO, BRO FINALLY SWITCHED TO AN ACTUALY GOOD PHONE (not those stupid y-phones or smth like that)
You are faster than AI!
So mostly no upgrade. We will skip this.
But will the new software and new always on display be on the s23 ultra ??
S24 ultra ❤
Wait, isn't Galaxy Unpacked still ongoing? And he already managed to post a video about it?
Holding on my S22 Ultra for a year longer.
Can't wait for the review of this phone
I'm disappointed in the same looking design other then that amazing great video arun
flat screen is a step backwards, now they trying to steel apple's design
Hi
Why not any upgrade in the rear cameras of S24 and S24+? They are taking 1000$+ money for a phone with the same 3 years old camera hardware. While Apple is called slow in innovation upgrading their camera hardware of every iPhones each year.
Really nice first impressions vid keep it up Aaron
Here before it reaches 200k views ❤  Still watching the live presentation but here you are. hehehe
Wow I am watching live s24 launch.
I have been waiting for you, now let me feast my eyes.  I am also watching the Galaxy AI presentation. Let me dig in
samsung>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>Iphone
14:30 Get ricked lol
He finally switched ... gosh why am i in tears
I want a One UI 6 video ;)
an increase in brightness is always welcome and a great advantage. some HDR content is natively far brighter than most screens can handle so it needs to be adjusted for the lower nit screens. Increasing the nits isn’t a gimmick or only related to staring at your phone in the sunlight
This guy gets hand on phones faster than Google realise these phones are out
Samsung is becoming the new porsche 911 of the phone world
The fact the my pixel 7 (2022) can do allmost all of these things LMAOOOOO
Really nice looking phone
Feels like the 23 just released lmao
Why there is no  change in design 😢
7:39 mrwhosetheboss and mrwhosetheboss has fallen 😢😢
tell them to fix their codec audio! it sounds really bad! on s22 and s23 ultra phones (AAC - SBC)
Right now i'm waiting for jerry rig's tests
AI is still a gimmick. Especially on phones.
Arun won't pin this comment
I’d love to know how many people are shooting video in 4K at all, nevermind 4K@120. The storage requirements are huge for most occasions.   If you’re taking a video of day to day stuff and not long term memories most of the time, it makes no sense to me to leave it on 4K most of the time and just switch it to 4K only when it’s really intentional.
Can i have it plzz
Gooday gooday
Any SD CARD?
The rate at which AI is progressing is so crazy to me!
Just beautiful
Best reviewer!
I am Samsung lovers I have f145g
Korean Apple launched a "new" innovative smartphone 😂
Sounds silly but every shot you do comparing the quality of the s23 and s24 side by side we need captions to tell us which phone is which. The phones are so similar looking that when you do camera quality comparisons for instance, I can't work out the newer model from the old
for every like this Coment gets I'm going to do one push-up
I think this phon is going to be the best Smartphone ever
Still no reason why Charging is so slow, especially for the cost.
Bro got the phone before the event finished 😭
I already know 90% of this video is irrelevant to me.
I don't know why anyone takes 8k video on cellphones seriously. The compression alone will make it look substantially worse than 4k at  an equilvent data rate. And that's before factoring in if a lens/sensor of that size can even resolve 8k.
18:56 this feature is already provided by the Microsoft SwiftKey Keyboard or other third-party keyboard apps on Google Play Store.
Please talk about how S24/S24+ has snapdragon only in America. Everyone else gets EXYNOS. Samsung not putting exynos in the ultra is admitting it's an inferior chip. So why are they charging the same price??
Amazing
The Fold 4 is not showing up as a trade in option 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
A video for new Xiaomi HyperOS software?? Plz 😊
🎉
Now an ultra I'd want to buy with that flat screen. Although cant afford. Lol
The cut on your hand caused by the edge reminded me of my lumia 735 ♥️
Damn, balding got Arun too. Free mans trim ❤❤❤
You need to use that AI to cut out the person catching the S23 😂
Truth is nothing new here 🤧
You should've blurred the car no. plate.
I love watching things I can not afford. 😢
So, am I the only one then who prefers a less bright screen anyway? I always need it low.
I was just watching the galaxy unpacked event and his video popped up how does he get hands on phones so fast (btw it’s still going on)
Who else was waiting for@Mrwhosetheboss video on S24>>
I got so irritated when he didn't show us how the live translation works and just went on talking...😭
"Peasant" 8 gen 3 phones??? Arun pls 😭
Bro didn't even wait for samsung to finish announcing everything
Same sh.t like iphone 😂😂😂 They sell same device 3 years in a row.
This is sick!! Still prefer iPhone but this Samsung is pretty cool
hello
Yikes Samsung copied iPhone 15’s material and even the colour 😂 anyways we don’t care about that we only care about it when apple copies!
i would be impressed by samsung but my s22 ultra has been so laggy i just cant
Still gonna stick with IPhone. Hoping that the IPhone 16 gonna beat this Samsung one. Anyways interesting to see Samsung try
You know it's about to go down...
Daaaamn Samsung copying iPhone for once 😂
Love the overview of the AI features with your ratings. 👌
By the competition they are talking about conlon glass from HUAWEI
Finally!!
What I love about yearly upgrades these days that you can get last years model in like new condition for less than half price and be very happy with it not thinking that you missing out on many features
The Samsung Galaxy s24 ultra is the best Samsung phone ever created 🎉
Still watching the launch Event , it's just started 😂😂
24 minutes ago 🗣
Pls pin me mrwhostheboss  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna desert you
I would love to have this man
Soooo crazyy
Please make a comparison video samsung s24 ultra vs Vivo x100 vs oppo find x7 ultra with emphasis on camera.❤
Meanwhile me still using an iPhone 6: 😯
You accidentally Revealed a phone no. Bro at 20:45 😂😂 Check it out
what galaxy phones will have galaxy AI? I have the s9
So nothing new, stupid gimmicks and and  a new and increased price tag.  Disappointing af.
Samsung 🫶🏻✨️💯
Nah I’m switching back to Samsung after my iPhone 14
Shit got everything then?
Samsung never disappoint 😊😊
at 18:43 it completely butchered the german translation
Yep We are In future!!
S24 and TechImma1st
found the rickroll
It’s a shame US people would be able to get incredible deals on this phone whereas in the UK, we get crap all
Free Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸, love and support from Fiji 🇫🇯
Waiting for comparison video with 15 pro max
Nice 🔥
Thats it! Its my dream phone now 😮
All will be same, but Sub to the channel wil always b something innovative 😂
But you wore apple watch at all time
Came early 🎉
So who is the boss?
I can see Arun wearing apple watch, would you replace that as well 😂
That 'Praise the Lord' though 😂
was it even out yet ?
how are you so quick
Watching from s23 ultra🎊💖
I finished watching this video even before samsung could finish their launch event live.🤣🤣
Was the fall intentionall?😂
Eww. Who'd legit think the grey is better? 🤣 Ah yes let's have bland grey phone to go with my bland grey/white/black home.   Sincerely, S23U Red owner.
Still the no 120watt charger and a shitty camera cutout no innovation whatsoever
When we talk about The AI Picture Future Which Phone Will Win Google pixel Series Or Samsung s24 Ultra? Magic Editior :D
Ai does collect a lot of your data you know that right…! I see it as privacy breach
Not worth upgrading
Samsung should bring back the curve screens
Arun your getting better every video ❤😊
Better than iphone
all these AI stuff feels like they can work on my 8 year old samsung as well 🤡🤡
11:29 Arun Wait doesn't that look how Apple did their AOD the first time? The same that they were clowning Apple on?
this is genuinely insane
Amazing Samsung and also Amazing u are brother.. i like U since when your channel was 200K subscriber ❤❤❤
I rock my S23 U ---S25U
I chose to come to Mrwhosetheboss channel to have the first look rather than watching the live stream.   It's the standard that Mrwhosetheboss has set! I'm sure I won't be the only one!
Apple iphone ego is now temporary pain to themselves.   😅
QUALITY.
real
Software and security patch update promise?
That phone looks amazing i wish i could afford it
Samsung "pro visual engine" totally not pulled out of their ass. Just like "sustainablility"
Damn features are insane 🎉 W for Samsung
Me using my note 10 plus watching this slaps different 😂
? First time im hearing of titanium having a higher thermal conductivity over aluminium.  Thats why aluminium is used in heat breaks over titanium ofcourse (its not)
"Hey I'm not complaining" 😂 The S24 IS FINALLY OUT "PRAISE THE LORD"😅
Early (14 minutes)
S24 event is still going on and sir already have phone
Did he just upload this video just the minute after Samsung announced it?
Would consider Samsung if they didn't do an apple and keep charging speeds so slow! Wired and wireless🙃....
Aren’t a lot of the AI features just… the ones the pixel has?
Apple Watch screams during all the video "buy an iPhone".
I’ve been surprised by my iPhone 15 Pro Max’s screen’s scratch resistance improvements. First phone I didn’t immediately use a screen protector on without issue. Wouldn’t be surprised if the S24 is using similar or the same glass.
The corners is the one thing i cringe on
that was a hell of a catch in the back
That live translation is sick 😮
Bro is faster than SamSung
Latif5083  sir give me one phone
Ok... Nothing changed
1:35 nope aluminium possesses  high thermal conductivity than titanium bro
I was able to see the hand of the person who catch the phone 😂😂😂
Pre 20 minute gang   Go along with your day  I’m not weird
Been waiting for your video 😮
Hey @mr whosethe boss can you please get me an android phone whether used or not am tired of using mom's phone 😭😭🙏
I can’t appreciate or support a company that sells 3 different processors with 3 different performances and struggles to deliver timely software updates, and when it does, it’s limited to only one model.  PS: Avoid buying any product that has AI next to its name. Be cautious and avoid falling into this trap.
I own an s22 Ultra. Even if I won the lottery, I'm still not seeing anything here that excites me enough to upgrade.
im keeping my S23ultra with 10x OPTICAL zoom
Finally samsung is copying apple
it's the SAME FREAKING CRA-😊
5:14… anyone else got the monster high reference whether that’s what he was referencing or not
Pre-ordered a S24 Ultra, I’m super excited after dealing with a bad battery life S22 Ultra for a while..
Many of these features have been available for a while now on pixel phones, pretty much bit for bit like the AI photo editor and the recorder apps detection of different speakers, aswell as the summarize feature.
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS
No Samsung for me anymore...bad very bad customer service!
I don't know why. His tone feels like this phone is underwhelming
there is no S24 Ultra on any Samsung shop how tf did you get one and made a 23 min video about it D:
Design and camera are disappointing but the AI features look so good.
Watching in Samsung A series phone 😂
ALREADY ???
TIL Brits say "router" like "rooter" instead of "row-ter"
I will be missing sooo much with my S23...
Samsung who earlier used to troll Apple for their 'boring' designs now are doing the same boring designs for the last three years  Typical Samsung taking a L
I just got my 15 pro max starting to regret
Samsung ai sounds like a software upgrade. A flash will add to older models
Real question  How did Arun get the Phone so fast?
4:11 who watches films standing on bright sunlight? 😅
Apple is now doomed. Samsung finally won the war
3:18 base was 12gb for s23 ultra not 8gb
Aron You are the best  Tech  youtuber ever! Your English is brilliant.Thank  you  !
Please boycott Apple for being so greedy, no charger in box (started it), can’t transfer photos to windows pc
he probably got the phone before samsung did
I chose you over the event
And all ppl will care about will be the camera... And iPhone will always win the video camera thing
Samsung have titanium now lets hope it does better with jerry rig everything than the IPhone
You should drop both an iPhone 15 titanium and this s24 ultra with titanium with no case. And use a budget phone as a norm
Love your consistency Arun !
Dude is faster than Samsung
God damn
Y am I watching this ? I have sell my kidney to buy this anyway 😂
Feedback: This video editing is way too much. So many elements that the viewer doesn't notice anyway, and if he does, he forgets about them straight away.
I am an iPhone guy but this blew me away ❤️
Guys Guys Arun is back on Android!!!!!!!!!!!
Man, i only just got my s23 ultra. i can't keep up.
I never knew I still have a phone from 2015. Thx for telling me (Not mine but I have it stored)
when is the poco x6 video comeing out
Shout out to the team behind this video, always amazing content. Keep it up!
3:58 Pff, the other companies have up to 5k nits brightness 😂
meanwhile pixel 8 pro ai features -
God bless all of you and remember God loves you all and so do I may God be with you all. Jesus is coming soon God bless repent🙏💛
Cant help but notice the apple watch for this review 🤔
Why ?
Better AI than googles scam AI
S24 1300$? no way it's expensive than iPhone 15 Pro Max. no one gonna buy it over iPhone 15 Pro Max.
Samsung is advancing ❤
Damn looks like s24 took all the bells and whistles from pixel 8 pro And killed it !
I feel like, just like Apple, Samsung is now confident with their design language, and it is what we will see for a while.  Honestly, I don't mind this at all: the S22 Design Language is still awesome, and I never had an issue with the iPhones looking similar either.
Dude is faster than Samsun
And am still here with my old galaxy s9😢
Just curious  Will you create any sponsered video in 2024 and had you made any sponsered video in 23 coz I ain't scrolling whole list of videos of yours made in 2023  Please reply
Favourite phone youtuber📍🇰🇪🇺🇸
bro i was just watching samsungs video announcing this phone and he got this already? damn man his work ethic is incredible
FINALLY IT CAME!!!
Why there is no CZECH language ???!!! Still ?! With “AI” translations etc..?!
How did the sumsang galaxy s24 come out on January Samsung phones mostly come out on February
Biased
The titanium was copied from apple. We all have to agree on that
Samsung just slapped apple face by showing them that you can still make the same product but with tons of upgrades and not just a fking type C port
I’m just gobsmacked
Idk if it's just me but most of those AI Features, Pixel has already got them? Correct me if I'm wrong.
Wow you're the best🤩
i’ve always liked the design of the s9 speakers so glad they went back to that design instead of the holes
4times? JerryRigEverything will be the judge of that.😖
Its the same phone lol
I was bored about the live stream being so slow introducing their services and I went to Youtube homepage... And I found out a full review of S24 Ultra is already out thanks to Arun
My brother in christ the phones look exactly the same I have an s22+ and it still looks the same  Those tiny little curves are literally no different
since when was s24 a thing
Is it just me or is the background music too high during this video?
So excited, we're finally here.
uh · loo · muh · nuhm😁
You spelt Grey wrong
Where's your energy
I've been waiting for an always on display like this for a while!
That "Praise the lord" had me cackling
how the hell does this guy get the newest phones on their release
I don’t even know it’s out yet
Note 10 plus> s24 ultra build design
Can i have the old one 😅
I like how he released this video at the same time as the Samsung annoucnement
You are in competition with Marquees Brownlee
It's awesome that the new Snapdragon is finally getting better geek bench scores than the A17 pro. Apple has been chilling for awhile now and it's time for them to get some competition and get them to put either the M chip or a new chip in the iPhone's instead of giving us slight increments every year. As for Galaxy Ai, all the features look great. Cant wait to see how it goes with time 👍
Look like is the best phone ever, I love it
Will my s23 plus get this ai tech thing
You dont understand vs the. Competition, but compare to past SAME manufacturer model? Hai Arun, fire your team, let me learn you😂😂
Bro the phone just released like a minute ago
I was watching the event❤
2600 nits... Like for what? 😂
Lose the chain asasp it's so out of place for ur  videos.Please don't start a rap career
bro is faster than the company itself💀
Love your Content
Call of duty gamer looking at Mrwhosetheboss gaming phone phone collection with my Infinix hot 30😢😅
Bro got a phone even before samsung got one for themselves 😅
It’s finally here 😁
When I see this new galaxy, then I see my huawei nova am trying to use to do YouTube, then I remember your idea of investment, then I see my malnourished pocket.....its a harsh world....
pls do a phone give away pls
I hope they finally made first Samsung phone that will not lag like shit in a year or two. I love Samsung phones but the way they degrade extremely fast makes me sad
I was waiting for Arun to Review it the whole day 🙂❤ still I'm 6 mins late because I was watching Samsung Event .
whats the pwm this time ?! y noone is speaking about this ?!
9:37 Find this registration of car 😂😂
Bro is getting the phones before i knew it existed
I hope Samsung gave the option of turning off the auto HDR processing.  I have  had night shots that I saw how good the actual take it until the processing kicks in and ruined it
Wow
Another new photo which I can't afford but watch these videos anyway
Any give away🇯🇲😮?
bro recorded it in 2 minutes
Can we all just say this man's editing is out of the world,
👋
this looks crazy, for the first time in some while I think Samsung might finally wake up some of the Apple zombies walking around today Can't wait for the full review!
Hello Mr boss
How does this guy collect these phones before I know they exist
Don't add black bar it just sucks 😅
Interested to see apple’s response to Galaxy AI… it’s about time Siri got a major upgrade
And here's me who was expecting a 12x to 15x zoom upgrade but Samsung had other plans  Well then can put the 5x zoom in the laser space above the flash and keep the 10x
The video I have been waiting for😊
Note series used to be more flat than S series. It seems like Samsung decided to release S23 on S series and S24 based on Note Logic. Just like kids one on mother and other on father.
Why is it that they finally made a gold phone again when I had just locked myself into a 3 year contract
I can’t wait for Jerry to get his hands on one to test the glass
dude is faster than samsung
Have you ever considered doing farming/agricultural tech? Just imagined you in an alternate universe where you're  a farmer and you're called LordWhosTheBoss haha
I'm team iPhone, and I'll keep being team iPhone... I will admit though...Samsung makes one hell of a cool phone! I think it's the only android flagship I'd get. I still prefer the Pixel, but it kinda caters to more of a mid-tier.
Well, well, well  Interesting.
how do you have 741 comment in 1 min
Man, and people say every iPhone looks the same.
Haters will say Samsung is doing the same as apple by making their phones look the same. However, Samsung actually improves the inside!
Ur the best 👍💯
I don’t know why, but you look sad @Mrwhosetheboss
Anyone willing to switch from iphone for this?? 🤔🤨
Which one is better, Samsung or iPhone   And answer only if U used both enough to judge
Me still rocking my s20.. Absolute beast
Who also saw the hand grabbing the phone at the back as he threw it away  ?😂
s23+ai edition
I didnt even notice that s24 got released lol thi huy is fast lol
I'm editing this. Don't buy a titanium phone the titanium does not absorb shock as well as steel and aluminum absorbs more meaning your screen survives.
Review of Samsung flagship by wearing apple watch 😂😂
Someone needs to buy this phone from 4 regions and compare, to make sure they don't ship better phones to youtubers or 1st world countries.
Ok, take my money samsung, and my iphone.) please
Kudos to the guy who caught the iphone 15 pro max you threw over your shoulder😂👌
first like 15 mineuts
12 minutes and 50k views🤯
He should do the minecraft test to test its performance
"Bro its the same phone as the last year"  Me:
Apple gotta take notes mann
Apple does the same and gets criticized, but Samsung has used the same design for like 4 years
How long will it take for the AI features to come to the s23 series though?
12:05 This is where the AI stuff starts.
If he’s daily driving the s24 why is he wearing an Apple Watch?
samsung fan❤❤❤
Once again SAMSUNG thr king
Yeaaaaa aint no way u are gonna catch up to Apple
Don't dare to like my comment 🙂
Android phones just can’t stop copying Apple
Samsung just killed Apple.
Mrwhostheboss crediting source from Beebom.
I love all the tech reviewers trying to peg all these incremental upgrades as something "revolutionary", when in fact it's just the same box with some new software and slight design tweaks.
S24U, S23U,S22U look the same! Samsung followed Apple footsteps 🤦‍♂️ Why can't they learn from those Chinese manufacturers goddamn it
FINALLY a flatscreen! Hate the curved screens
Google is still leading the AI even with a much weaker soc
nice bro
Waiting for Samsung s24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max 😊
❤️🇧🇩🇧🇩
as an apple user this has to be samsungs best designed phone ever and i’m so happy they finally evened out the borders/bezels on the screen it’s about time
The curved screen is one of samsung signature looks I'll definitely miss that
My broke ass watching this on my 160 Dollar phone 😢😢
This is insane!!!!
2:25 😂
After this video he's throwing the S24 away! Back to the iPhone!
Youbknow
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone.  Wild. You've literally grown into an A-list tech reviewer, gotta love it
Arun You Are Always Best
My Oneplus 9 Pro has always been able to record 4k at 120fps lol (its almost 3 years old)
GG
What a humongous  device .❤❤ lots of love from Africa Zimbabwe 🇿🇼
I would be so interested in how the Motorola Edge 30 Ultra, or another Motorola would look beside some other phones, cause I love their software. A Video about this would be so nice, love your content ❤
He always reviews phones before I even realise they exist
I dont know how people still use buttons for home screen ,back & recent 😅 its reduces the screen size .
Flat screen is such a great change man, I was considering switching to iPhone just because of that stupid curved screen even though I can't stand the iPhone in general. I dropped my new S23 Ultra ONCE from ~50cm height and it cracked immediately, I know for a fact it's because of the stupid curved screen that can't handle drops for shit. Thank God someone told them it's not practical for regular users
Finally I can upgrade my phone now they've done away with the rolled edge displays
I'm getting this phone no matter what, ima upgrade from my s10+
Fucking gorilla glas man. I remember when it was a big feature on an S2 or whatever. "You can drop it and your glass will never shatter!" And now 900 years later we are at Gorilla Glass Bubblegum Kush 69 Armor and they still shatter.
hi
pls pin
Can you please send me an S23 Ultra 😅🙏
Yooooooo 😮😮😮
AI ~ the new corporate vapourware.
Its not necessarily about the hardware upgrades, its all about software these days..
whats up
No one on earth has finished Watching this video at this moment 😂   It's weird 🫠
Samsung needs to move its launch events closer to Apple
Trash
YOOO ITS HERE
@umairislamwadicc070 0 seconds ago Samsung just announced it and bros just holding it.
I didn't even knew it came out 💀
RIP curved screen, you will be missed (but not your replacement price)
jeez, im early. i hope the fact that the flat screen also reduces replacment cost, ive now replaced to a newer Samsung phone because a screen replacement is almost the same price.
I love this guy... doesn't waste time😂
It only takes 17 days for this legend to get the new years phone
I disliked my own comment
This guy has touched almost every phone in this world. I want to be like him one day. ❤😊
beebom there
Hats off for editing
I'll buy it in 3 years🎉🎉
I can see the next 3 vids being related ot the S24 ultra. no hate
Make this comment viral😢😢
Don't know why Samsung is handing out phones to creators even before that unpacked event 😢 Why Samsung is this desperate. Disappointed ☹️
at this point samsung trying to be like apple releasing the same phone every year
Ngl, the base of the display looks unfinished and ugly.
O
Quit the live to watch this😂
will  the s23 ultra get Galaxy AI too?
1st
Yet another phone I want but can't buy 🥲
It is very difficult to differentiate which is 23 and which one is s24 in side by side comparison 😂
Yeah I liked my own comment
Says 24ultra is fast. Proceeds to upload video faster than 24 ultra.
Notch is there to make you buy the non notch next model, its insane it ever existed.
Bruh apple be like- 😭😭
if anyone says again that Apple brings out the same mobile phone every year xD
When the notif popped up, I thought it was clickbait until I opened the video! It's really happening! S24 ultra is out. 😮
first
I own an S22 Ultra. I'll probably buy the S26 Ultra. I got time.
I was just watching the Galaxy Unpacked event but i got bored and came here
He is probably my favourite YouTuber ever
Why am I so excited for something I can't afford
if you're here early, that means you're watching this over samsung's live stream.
I prefer the screen of the Galaxy S24 U over the S23 U. In my opinion, the flat screen is stronger than the curved screen, the curved screen is only a little bit broken...
Mrwhosetheboss always delivers the best of reviews.
Funky yellow. Almost thought he said a bad word .. 0:56
Boys, we've got him again!!💚
I resently watched video of another Youtuber of s24 ultra
DANGG!
Gorilla glass makes me laugh.  It was supposed to be scratch proof like 10 years ago and my phone still scratches today.  Do they just make up new names or have they been lying about how good the product was historically?
Arun never fails to entertain us 🎉
Bro the event isnt even starting yet💀
What a great guy
Bro uploaded it 10 seconds before the keynote, Samsung please forgive him 💀
Hi
Sorry Arun but 1:33 titanium is wayyyy worst at conducting heat .
Samsung's designs are "very" original
The Only sad news for this is that my S23 ultra is no longer the latest
0:16 letsssss gooooooooooo 🔥
OMG, can't wait for my "Titanium" SG S24 Ultra to become just as easy to shatter as the "Titanium" IPhone 15 Pro Max!
Is it me or does it look like a Samsung "NOTE"
Mrwhoestheboss always on top of the list ❤
Wow
7mins ago already 30k views im a huge fan
Can’t wait for it to have 20 bucks worth of titanium just like the iPhone
The king is born
Def gonna ditch Samsungs live steam your videos are far better and detailed
Bro causally dropped a video bout 24ultra while the S24 event is going on 😭😭
have they fixed the exploding battery yet? yea yea, it will do that after few yrs of use but still, imma be careful of it
Hey hey hey... my s23 ultra is crying. She's not ugly...
Do review the vanilla's
hello
I was hoping samsung would give me a reason to switch from my s10+ to the new flagship, but I can't live without the screen edge, ever since the s6 edge until today, it just feels good, and I haven't found a reason to actually switch from my s10+ to any new flagships as its always "oh new camera" which doesn't persuade me to buy it
bro got an insider on phones :skull: but love the vids <3
Much better video than the official presentation 😅😅
Praise the Lord❤
Gangsta Arun 😁
Can i get a free iphone
Faster than Samsung 😊😅
Hi
i love your vids
Americans going “Aluminiyuuuum”. What did he say? Yes Yankees.. that is the correct English pronunciation.
Same low battery for 5 years and same  low resolution for 10  years.  Hard pass.
Made even "greyter" well played sir.
0:17 nice catch
what's the price of s24
I like the editing arun nice work 😃
"edge causes real hand indentation"   yea if you're a little baby
As A S21 Plus User I Tought I would be Buying The S26 or S27 But Already have 2 green line on the screen Im not pissed because this green line made me to use less phone than Before which makes me Productive than before
Samsung are worrying me how they're barely changing anything on the phones. Seems like they're turning into apple
So basically it's exactly the same as last years..
Like this comment for a good life and nothing else
Hi
I love when it's that time of the year when Samsung announces the next gen phone
Gold Chain & Apple Watch, never seen before! What happen boss?
I wanted to watch the event live but this popped up and is far more important lol
Nice
Bro how fast did y get this
gimme one 😂😂
I’m still using an iPhone SE
Galaxy AI
Bro is so fast youtube had to slow down their System
bro legit got his hands on the phone when my dad was deciding to buy s23 ultra
Him switching to The S24 ultra from the iPhone  really says something. Cause he has been using iPhones since the iPhone 12. Woow, Galaxy AI must be really something!
Partikip!  Ok so now where do I "donate" one of my kidneys?
The phone isn't launched yet on the official channel and we have got gold here :)
LORD 😎😎😎
Looking forward to seeing this new camera, but in my opinion, instead of having made a 5X optical with a 10x digital, because I didn't keep the 10x optical and improve the 3x to reach a 5x digital, at least I didn't lose so much of the creak. I at least use the 10x s23u
Can't believe I arrived here so early
Bro the phone isn't even announced yet and this guy is posting a hands on video on the phone
Everyone lunch video 😂
Samsung sucks
Im watching the live right now
😢Who else is like me who is confused whether to watch the event or this😂
Who's watching unpacked 2024 now?
i have an old htc phone and the touch is so bad but there is no problem with the screens touch how can i fix it
Wow its already out ❤❤
Yerrrrrrrr
The killer phone reviewed by the killer content creator
2:53 i want Samsung to release two versions of s24 ultra one with and without stylus
*MrBoss YOu Are THE TECH CHANNEL OF THE YEAR TAHNKS BOSS*
502nd comment😎😎😎
wow you never fail to deliver
Wait, wait, wait did Arun get married?!
Still is basically the same as the S21 Ultra
That grey tho🔥
Already 20k views. Crazy
Liked my comment 😅
S24 ultra 😅♥️
Man will say anything to be little googles advantage. Even the pixel 8 that had goat AI potential, he said it was “problems” 😂😂😂😂 now the galaxy that barely has anything ground breaking is called “crazy” 😭😭🤦🏾‍♀️
If you are ever waiting for every new video on this channel gather
Jaldi se comment kr deta hu likes milenge 😊😅❤❤❤❤❤❤
5 minutes after upload
Within the 10 thousand views
say hi bro cmon
They are almost at 8 cameras, my spider friends. 👍
🥺
Still not better than Pixel
I like my own comment because no one will
So it’s the same design? Like no difference at all?
Forever love Arun's review on any  new tech product !!
I already pre ordered mine…I can’t wait❤
Samsung Giving The flagship Run.❤
Before release?
I would really like to win giveaway done by you for the Samsung Galaxy S24 series
*sigh* just take my money 😂
Useless in you bought 23 ultrA nxt ,!
so? who's watching the event? lol
0:17 anyone noticed when Arun throws the phone somebody from behind caught it 😂😂
Is there a rule where reviewers post their review at the same time? Because you and MKBHD posted your reviews at the same time
Wow great vid quality man! U earned a sub! ❤
Does someone remember the " I liked my own comment"-comment on one of Arun's videos?😂
Can't wait for a dedicated camera comparison for this phone!
What a video arun, a great review❤
6 mins ago!
DAMN IM SO EARLY SHEEEEEEESH  ABSOLUTE BANGER AS ALWAYS  KEEP IT UP MAN!
Can't lie, this is a huge software improvement
Arun, is that a wedding ring?
Now Apple will launch 'AI pro max' soon enough 😂
as an iPhone fan boy, I am offended, insulted, assaulted, violated, raped, hyperventilating and rage crying because Android flagships improved so much and at this rate, iphone will be truly surpassed in most categories.
Arun my I have your iPhone 15 pro max
I know it's corny,but it's A-Maize-ing. 🌽
Only people who are gonna get the s24 plus can like this comment (Me)
How has he gotten his hands on the S24 so early! Also production quality is insane.
bro is the best bro. great content bro.
Arun and Mkbhd drops their review video for this phone at Exactly thesame time 😊🎉
30 sec after the launch 😂
Most liked comment
How EARLY do reviewers get these phones before companies announce them so that Youtubers can drop content for it?? 😳😳
These 22 min 24 sec are gonna be my best time spend  after your last video . For real there is nothing better than watching you. ( Except spending time with my girlfriend but she is in another city 🥲)
iphone is better
Really majority TECH Yotubers released this just 4 min. ago😂😮
Samsung didn’t even announce it in their livestream. Come on!
So there’s literally no change from design?
Hi
WTF? the event ain't even over LMAO
Can see the guy catching phone 😂😂😂
Damn, it's finally here!!!
20k views in 5 min
Maan, stream just started and video is already here, no point to watch stream anymore😂
I feel Samsung should have stayed with the aluminum Design it feel like they are copying iphone
3:15 Whoa there since when did Titanium become better at conducting heat than aluminium??
Rog phone 8 pro where is the review?????
Yo
So now apple fanboys can counter the argue that iphone looks the same for 4 years
Aluminum possess higher thermal conductivity of 210 W/m-K compared to titanium with 17.0 W/m-K. C'mon Arun
Who have already s23 ultra 😊
Another year, another phone I know I can't afford, but it also means that I can get the the one before that came before the prevoiusly old model😂
I think I will battle with Aruin Maini from my upcoming video
I get bored of all other reviewers and unboxers except for this guy. Most interesting tech content creator 🙌💯
19K views? I must help this up and coming creator!
I am biggest fan of samsung but I've s21 plus , I want s24 ultra 😢
Helo
Egg
it's so funny that when any other company not named Apple repeat their phone design, y'all brush it off but it becomes a talking point when it's the iPhone
almost 9 years later Samsung has returned to flat screen displays 💯💯 Whom all wanted flat-screen displays in Samsung galaxy S series
Dude faster than Samsung!😅
how's the Galaxy S24 series already out? Time really does fly.
Another banger
🎉🎉NICE😀😀
EARLY PEOPLE LIKE HERE
Man didnt waste no time. I was about to tune into the live stream but hell nah I cant even understand what they saying. Feels like CS1 all over again.
S23 ultra was probably the first ever android device that showed proper domination and competition over two generations of iphone.And with the S24 series,samsung just widened that gap
Yo
wov
Let's help Arun surpass Apple's subscriber count
Like for every push up and a jump
Welcome to the comments section, what would you like for breakfast?
11:30pm Samsung Launches; 11:29:59pm Arun's video is out
Kollam pwolisanam
I love your videos!! ❤❤❤
God damn the s24 is a beast
That bottom-firing speaker grill!😭
wow he is fast
3k views per minute!
Apple seeing this: "Guess we're not the only one who designs the same"
Samsung galaxy S24 Ultra ❤ January 2024
Could you do a vid about android 14?
Damn never thought Arun would be the first one to touch this phone before galaxy unpacked lol😂
Aaron, please do a video for the best smartphones for the elderly population😁
You know its a good channel when you don't even want to buy the phone, you're just here for the guy
Hello
Samsung really went HAM on the S24 Ultra. And Galaxy AI over Bixby? Enough said 🔥
bro posted this the same time the samsung live stream started 💀
I'm fully convinced that you have some sort of algorithm to create these video where you just insert the clips you plan into
Hi
suiiiiiiiiiiii
Bro the keynote is going on 💀
Just here to drop a comment 🤫
Keep up the fire content
Wow very fast viewer ❤
Samsung keeps dropping MAD designs and features ... I will like to get this soon
yup mr whosethe boss with the fresh haircut and fresh video
HELLO EVERYONE 🎉🎉
I disliked my own comment
Opened this video before joining the live stream of Samsung 🤡
Nice
bro just uploaded already looks great ALSO CHAD REPLACEMENT🗿🗿🗿 fianlly went from the shitphone to samsung
Damn that was not just fast, that's godspeed level stuff 💪💪💪 Btw , Samsung is the best bet to turn on device AI into mainstream feature packs ❤❤❤
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra 🔥
I like my own comment.
I was waiting for the unpacked and then got my notification of your video 😄
Under 5 minutes
Rog 8 test when?
Jaldi jaldi comment…?😅
Who’s watching the live stream on Samsung?
🛡 spoiler shield 🛡
Sponsored. Love it anyway
The AI❤
Excuse me, can you make a compare black shark 6 pro vs ROG 7 ultimate?
Flat screen 😑 Go back on the Innovation 🤦🏻‍♂️
its been only 3 minutes since the video has been uploaded and people already comments like they have watched the entire video . 😮‍💨
when you say you switch from a phone to another it means you also tranfer your data a make a samsung account or apple id? mrwhoustheboss?? is it even possible to have samsung account and apple id at the same time???
watched in 3 mins
woah 4 minutes ago
Thx for existing
Much awaited...Amazing
Great vid keep up the good work arun!
Comment here if you are among the legends that are going to wait till the prize drops to 500$ before they buy 😅😅
Been waiting for your video on this phone, I knew from two weeks that you are probably using it off camera preparing for the video
Who came to praise Samsung 😊😊
Jldi comment krta ho like mile ge😅😂
Damn. I prolly should've kept my kidney for this one😢
Hello
thought i would be first lol
Nce😊😊
Can I have one? 🥺
gotta love when foreigners steal names from american tv shows for their channel
Arun like my comment
Unpacked just started bruh
Let's goooo finally 🎉🎉🎉🎉😂
I edged to this
Wow
Love ur videos bro ❤❤
Samsung  S24 ultra is looking good 👍
Gay people dont like😅
Samsung is starting to get boring too now.
Samsung Lover, Give Attendance 💛🔥
Finally
Can't believe I am so early ❤🇳🇵
May I have one of ur phones👨‍🍳?
I’m first
No
Disclaimer ther is no changes in design 😂
Like if you aren't Gay 🏳️‍⚧️🏳️‍🌈
Bros the most consistent creator he gets phones a year early to review them
I got a notification
Nice
Wow
My comment will be in the top😂
You and Marques practically uploaded in the exact same moment 😂
Who knows why this comment got pinned
Yay
amazing vid keep it up😁
Liked my own comment 💀
Bruh didn't expect this to drop so fast 😭 they just started the unpacking live.
YES YES I WAS WAITING
Litttttt🎉🎉
Here before the million gang🎉
Aaron never fails to...
Liked my own comment
I also liked my own comment 😅😢😢
Every like this comment gets out will do one push-up
Galaxy unpacked just started and my bro is revealing S24 😅😅😂😂
I really love your videos so much ❤❤❤
EARLYY. I WANT A HI
Ohhhhhh yeeeesssss ❤😍
Its that time of the year Always looking forward to the new phone reviews
❤
I was waiting for this 🔥🔥
ALREADY!!!😁
Am I the only one or did we all want a brand new designs? Like yes, changes are evident but we would've loved something new...
Most important question, will galaxy ai come with oneui 6.1 for the s23 ultra?
Let's talk about your last year's goal of uploading 200 videos, what happened?
Aron , will you never pin me ??! 😢
who aggrees hes just the best youtuber ever allways comes out on top the best videos all the time im just waiting for that notfication when i see it im like yesss❤
we love you Arun  We’ve been looking forward to this ❤
Was it planned to release this within 1 minute exactly of MKBHD's video?
I'm Bangladeshi, and my 1st comment
How you got thhat😅
He is like he just stalks the phone companies as he gets those phones faster than flash😅
I liked my own comment      Saying that to get likes not lying 😂
Here before the million gang🎉
That phone looks like a brick. But these editing features and the AI are wild
Liked my own comment🥲
0:07 😂😂 What about Iphone 11 to 15 series
Nice
Well damn. 2 mins ago
Like for iPhone 👉👉👉
Do you think the s23 ultra will get discounts after this? cuz I might get the s23 ultra.
HOLY CRAP LOIS THE NEW S24 JUST DROPPED
Disliked my own comment
I have nothing better to say
2049 views already?
Love to be early, 2 mins early😅
EARLY
Bots those kids saying "first" and the scam comments abouta go insane right now on the comments 💀
Respect Button for Mrwhoostheboss❤
Trust me one day they'll just change from some S26 to S1000 or smth lmao
Tech Enthusiast from Bangladesh 🇧🇩❤️
Hi
Get me one sir😅😅😅
Bro got "early access" 💀
I love how marques and arun upload at the same time
hi
Fast comment
Posted when samsung launch goes live haha
Hi bro
❤❤❤❤❤❤
How does this guy get these phones so fast????
all they did was switch the 3 to a 4
S24 ultra > iphone 15 pro max in 2024 😊
😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
We here
wow
Happy to arun like this!!
Arun have you ever tried fencing
This YouTuber is amazing!
Who else thinks S24 Ultra will beat 15 pro max? ❤
Thanks For 0 Likes I Deserve That.
Bro how has this guy got infinite every thing
is it launched
You will never know why this comment has so many likes…
Gyaat
mate u make video better every single time man like it is insane keep up the good work
Swibble
Hi
If you pin this comment I will be thankful
I'm in first 300 viewer's list, for the first time😂🎉
It's already out🥲the s23 feels like it was out yesterday
AI is a gamechanger 😮
Damn these Phones are getting wild!!!
No way
The s24 is here!
Planning to buy this!
Nothing can compare to the new S24 ultra
2 views and 69 comments 🐸
Kinda epic ngl
Damn i am top 524
and now we wait for the embargo to lift
How in god's good name are the comments this far gone already 😮
In 2 mints
I'm planning on getting the S24 Ultra, hope it will be worth the price!
Super early to this video, love your content mrwhosetheboss❤
First minute bruh 😜 gimme likeee
Hey
If you’re reading this you haven’t finished the video yet.
does the legend reply??
Been waiting for this vid for awhile thx so much bro
Gyatt
Hello
im early
Always produces a video that has the capacity to make my day
.
So many comments and videos has not even lasted 5 mins from when it released
Nice
So many comments within a few seconds.
Comment in 60 sec of upload. 🎉
Like so some stupid comment isn't the top
Early gang
Liked my own comment
Ayyoo 1st
He is so fast 🏃‍♂️ 🏃‍♂️
You are my go to guy for tech 😊.  I brought my s23 ultra because of your video on it. Love all your videos ❤
wow
ohhh first minute :D
Samsung is just wild!
The ad funky mtho
dANG ITS CRAZY
❤❤
very cool
Nice
As an Apple person I approve of this. It’s not that I don’t like android. It’s that I don’t like the 47 dollar androids from Walmart.
one more “liked my own comment” and i delete this app
Awesome tech and video quality got craziest
1st comment
I knew its better to search here😂
All Flagship And Specially 🍎 Ready To Blast .
THE SHOW JUST STARTED
Love from moon Bangladesh
This guy just ruined it . I have not even watched galaxy unpacked but he has s24 ultra already.  😢
this guy gets his hands on phones faster than i can even realise there's a new phone
Bro it just Released your way too fast.
Samsung just sponser THIS MAN
Another masterpiece
The livestream ahsn't begun yet
It's kinda crazy how advanced some of these NEW features are
One day my comment will be viral😅❤
I'm sticking with my S23 ultra 😎
FIRST LET'S GIOI😊
swag
One of the first comments 🎉
first for the first time
YOOOOOO
Fast
good 4 u
Off topic i just made the best macn cheese
🎉🎉
The first blogger to present the Ultra. I was looking forward to it.
I forgot the event was today, so hyped!
Can i have one😢
0:17 phone catcher at background😂😂
Waiting⏳⏳⏳ from longtime
He always makes the best vids
Awesome Video, though I hope apple comes out with something similar.
Anyone else on exynos hopium
Hi😊
Another banger from mrwhosetheboss hope I can get my hands on it your one of my favourite tech YouTubers
first
whos watching the livestream?
Cheers from Nepal Arun🎉
Yes! This is the best part of my day, thanks Arun! 🖤
Everyone is first in the comments
I hour gang 👉👉👉
Yo @mrwhostheboss thanks you so much for your awesome vids! Love them all so much. If you could reply to this comment that would mean a lot to me 🫡
second
was waiting
The Production value here is crazy.
goin to yoink it 😅
like it
Nice
Sticking with my s23
I love ur video man you deserve a like
How many "Firsts" are here😂
Me watching this on my s23 ultra 🫥🫥🫥🫥🫥🫥🫥🫥🫥
for 3years I've been subscribed😭 finally I'm early
79th comment lol
Yeh cuh
It's crazy 😧
Hola feed me
This proves apple is not the only smart phone company that has the same exact design every year 😂
3rd view on this video
I don't even need to watch the video to know this is the best YouTuber. ( I will still watch it ... )
First one
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about Amazons AWT77K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
I believe the time is better than ever for Amazons AWT77K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was Amazons AWT77K just a few days old btw
Hi
This year is gonna be fire with Amazons AWT77K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
If you can't believe in Amazons AWT77K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Na you gotta give some credits to Amazons AWT77K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
Can i have one
Strong days ahead with Amazons AWT77K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on Amazons AWT77K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be Amazons AWT77K so you should be aware on what that does
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can Amazons AWT77K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for Amazons AWT77K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
Seems the distraction is working just fine if Amazons AWT77K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
Nothing is as strong as Amazons AWT77K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
There is so much power in Amazons AWT77K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
For a long time they planned Amazons AWT77K and obviously nothing comes close
im first
You’d actually what it 😳
That is so crazy like amazing 🫢👌🏾
Don’t be the top comment please
IM NOW CONVINCED YOU AND SAMSUNG ARE BUDDIES NOW
A.i will be a game changer!!!
I am the fiat one
amazing love it
Another year another top samsung
why would i watch the samsung stream if i could watch this?
44 seconds
M your first viewer
❤
First comment
hi its senul
Lessgooo
irfts
broooooo
۱😊
I am the first to watch
First
Yey
As always top 👌
U will not come to know how i got so many likes😂
Damn this was a fast upload LMAO😂
45th i love u arun
Tax Evasion
Samsung S series >>>> iphones. Agree?
I'm literally shaking and crying right now
First hereee
First
Every new phone be like: upgraded camera
That is the best video I’ve ever seen, the editing is so good ❤
IM FIRST!
Hi
Here
PIN?
First
lol here before the event
gg ez
hello
ayee
Firstt
Kinda first. Maybe
❤
nice
Yees
1st like and comment and also viewed😅😅😅😅😅
Nic vid
First post!
Bosh
Cool
Boom baby
Crazy
First comment
Hello
Second
First here!!
🧏
First?
First comment yessir
Wow I think I'm first
First pin
1st comment
Awesome looking forward to buying it
First?
first
1st
1
Nice video
1st
First
Alrighty
First
Yooo
yo
First
Yayyyyy ❤❤❤ so excited
