Fun fact: Because of the insane speed this particle traveled at it experienced an extreme version of Einsteinian time dilation.   If this  particle originated from a distance of 1 billion light years, it would take approximately 1.5 days in the reference frame of the proton to travel that distance. i.e. if it was aware of the travel time, it was just a short trip before it hit out planet
Give us a date for that particle?
I checked this out
Itachi has been real quiet since this came out
Jesus Christ will be your best friend if you let him in your life. 🙏♥️
Primordial black hole evaporation?
Oh la la, this is so cool... 🗼
"it came from the viod" sic
Even if they aimed their telesope at, and actually see it, that doesn't guarentee they will know what it is. More than likely, they won't.
my name isn't nobody.
Your mic is floating. 😂❤ Anton, you're the most wonderful person on earth.
Sun "protection" failing and Earth magnetic sphere diminishing at the same time are still negligible components to Earth warming climate in comparison with CO2 ion-creasing in the micro (10^-6) range? Not that alpha particles (He) are not and will not be (ever) deflected by magnetic fields, but that "most of these particles" electrically charged, are. And with ENOUGH ENERGY to enable "cold" nuclear reaction producing C14. D'oh, would say Omer (to not confuse with "the" author of the Iliad and of the Odyssey"). -- Warning, this comment is from a sceptic of the attribution to the REAL OBSERBABLE warming effet to solely the content of CO2 moving from 200 to 300  part per million).
"Making sense" and "quantum mechanics" are oxymorons from the starting sprinter block. Bring back Pointcarré "good old sense", please. Take a try to chaos theory, please. It made sense in the time of Laplace to disprove that NEGLECTED terms are enough to justify that Jupiter and Saturn are NOT, one moving closer to the Sun and the other moving away, as predicted bu the theory form the "MATH" of the first terms order, but really on a stable orbit, as the OBSERVABLE experimental observation.  And like Sabine Hossenfeder dilemma about where come the possibility for human to chance the MATHEMATICAL deterministic behavior, isn''t it that the Mathematical chaos, as Poincaré defined, of nor including enough terms ( Laplace's proof about astronomy) be .. shame on me.... wiser and logical that ... quantum mechanix (with an x, as in oxymore)  ?  Thaks to your time spent reading me.
*fragment
The idea of the big bang was that everything came from one tiny point in the universe and was powerful enough to create everything.  What exactly was that point? Could there be other points similar to that and if so could create extremely powerful rays by interacting with anything around it.  Another thought that came to mind is the concept of antimatter. If antimatter is the exact opposite of matter could it not form galaxies or even anti black holes? Would they not create cosmic rays that we do not understand? And lastly the concept of dak matter or dark energy forming a dark black hole or other objects could also be something to be considered in this event.
Can you explain a 7-hr long scientific live video from a channel called creative society, who relates this Cosmic rays as the cause of  naturals disasters right now and could end the world
Voice clearer & easier to understand.  Keep the new microphone!
Instead of one big bang maybe we get several and this is what it looks like where am I jump into conclusions?
I watch every day too! Catching up on the backlog since i just discovered you a couple if weeks ago.
best way to describe our universe knowledge is: "The more we learn, the less we know"
It's a sophon!
@ 1:28
I always listen to your video before i sleep, so i let it play to the end off video... The last second i didn't expected it.
Lose the microphone. It's ugly and sounds no better than your other videos.
Since you mentioned black holes at one point here, a thought occurred to me: if light is the ONLY thing in the universe that can move at the speed of light, because it has absolutely no mass, how can ANY black hole affect it, since gravity can have no effect on something that has absolutely no mass?
That you have very high energy cosmic Ray particles means they originate in the upper atmosphere.  There ARE energy discharges of very high voltage so it would have to be something like that.  Make sense?
I dont understand how you can tell which direction the particle originally came from without knowing what gravtarional fields and electromagneic fields it has passed through., as both thise fields can bend the path of the particle. Another thing of interest is whether the particles are sometimes anti-protons, and even more interesting would be anti-helium particles.
Thank you for an intriguing presentation.  Please explain how there is any confidence in determining the direction of these particles.
'Twas a _rogue wave,_ not a "particle" projectile.  Particles are ONLY a point of observation in context to a delta - a purely *logical* construct 🧐
That's what they say about me.  Too powerful to make sense!
Pity its always a computer graphic
I'm an astronomer who does some ultra-high energy cosmic ray (UHECR) research. You did a great job here; thank you for bringing attention to this area. Two things were a bit misleading, however. Firstly, Wikipedia not withstanding, the GZK effect doesn't really "slow down" cosmic rays. UHCRs that travel far enough to interact with a cosmic background photon actually get destroyed. If UHECRs are simply protons, some fraction of such interactions do produce a secondary proton with lower energy (and a somewhat different direction of travel); you could say those UHECRs are effectively scattered and slowed, since one of the outgoing particles looks like the incoming UHECR. But pions are also produced that carry away energy. And many of the interactions don't directly produce copies of the incoming particle. It's closer to the truth to say the UHECRs would be destroyed in such interactions. Second, regarding the direction, the direction of arrival of Amaterasu does indeed point back toward a void. But cosmic rays, including UHECRs, get deflected by cosmic magnetic fields (as you pointed out in regard to the Earth's field shielding us from many CRs). The deflection can be large enough that it is possible that Amaterasu came from a direction beyond the edge of the void (esp. if it was an iron nucleus rather than a proton—and we don't have good data bearing on this). Uncertainty about the strength and direction of magnetic fields across our Galaxy and in intergalactic space is a major challenge for understanding UHECRs. —Tom
Thank you for trying something new. This is so much crisper. Glad and grateful!
Anton is a ritual before bed every night. Much love, Anton. Thanks for your work.
Are they more powerful then our particle accelerators?
I can see a dynamic vibration highs and lows in different locations these regions are the most important part GB ity6
The resonance of fields join into a pathway of least resistances these are like vacuums that flow through the densities caused by the left right top bottom of vibrations that resonances FALLOW through with out dependency on other parts except for the surrounding areas of vibrations the collision and collapse in densities become more complex charged with statics that are a piggybacking wavelength invisible to the point of atmospheric pressure in space quasar micro waves and longitudinal field drivers are also in the radio tubes in tiny circles of currents it not huge as these cosmetic changes we've seen black holes and they have to be understood as a drawing in process that Tallow flow without destruction
It makes sense if one realizes that we have a very limited understanding of physics.  The void you're talking about has millions of stars. So no big mystery at all.
There are several speculative ideas about the origins of these ultra-high-energy particles, including connections to relic particles or phenomena from the early universe:  Topological Defects: Some theories suggest that UHECRs could originate from the decay of topological defects formed in the early universe. These defects (e.g., cosmic strings or domain walls) could be remnants of phase transitions in the early universe, carrying massive amounts of energy.  Decay of Superheavy Dark Matter: Another hypothesis posits that UHECRs might be produced by the decay or annihilation of superheavy dark matter particles, also known as "WIMPZillas." These hypothetical particles would have been produced shortly after the Big Bang and might decay into UHECRs today.  Primordial Black Holes: UHECRs could also come from the evaporation of primordial black holes through Hawking radiation. Primordial black holes are hypothetical small black holes formed due to density fluctuations in the early universe.  Exotic Particle Interactions: There's also the possibility that UHECRs result from interactions involving exotic particles or unknown physics beyond the Standard Model of particle physics. For example, interactions in or near the source regions could boost particles to ultra-high energies through mechanisms not yet understood.    -GPT
therefore, we can perhaps travel MUCH faster than the speed of light, just potentially at the expense of the entire universe aging a billion years in one day relative to us
Thanks: Amaterasu...makes me think of Tiramisu
Why is empty space linear ? How does light through empty space without generating harmonics due to nonlinearity?
Katokun aivopieru i
Maybe the cosmic rays came from phenomena beyond the void and simply passed through the void. Oh, now you just suggested that! 😊
Call it cosmic wind or cosmic seasons.
If science can't logically explain it, then it doesn't exist, is the usual explanation
No explanation yet, eh? Until science comes up with something boring, it is... ALIENS.
No explanations..just descriotions..that is science. The rest is religious. Who think have the truth.😊
Whatever it is, it is pointed directly at us.  It could be a weapon.
Coming from a void could be interpreted as an attempt at communication from intelligent life forms. It would be a creative way to say, “hey we are out here”, since they know we wouldn’t be able to confuse it for any other stars in that area. READ THE SIGNS PEOPLE! Lol
Anyone else wondering how large of a solid object can be affected by the equal and opposite force of that single particle propelled to that speed? in the middle of a void with that little gravitational interference?
Mr. Petrov, this was one of the most interesting videos I've seen! Your channel simply gives your viewers information that cannot be gotten on any other channel, and for that I am very grateful!
I bet they had Theorized it years before they actually Saw It... "creation by Observation?" (I think people unwittingly create Reality through Contemplation of what they think "Might" be there years and years before they "Find" it... example? literally anything in space... Planets, Galaxies, the whole thing could be ... who can say)
... they named it after the Goddess that the Cult was worshping in the Newer Tomb Raider Game?? lol... hmm, I don't know what I think about this...
Hey it came from empty space so nothing was around to slow it down.
It's weird to think of the ray coming from another Galaxy, but like maybe in the Galaxy brain type theory, or super organism sense, or maybe just some type of evolution, where the rays are traveling over vast distances except instead of being like a data transmission it rather is like a slot machine that just can affect some change by creating random bit flips in hardware. Especially when it is happening to machines involved in AI stuff it could affect the way the AI develops.
Cosmic rays are the coolest thing I've learned about in a long time and i only learned about them like last year . It's so cool
More evidence that we know a whole lot less than we think we do.
Noting the heliosphere, and its weakening when the Sun cycles, is it not possible, that the Voyager passing past the heliosphere risked a momentary,  if not permanent opening in the heliosphere?
It's aliens! 😂
In Vedic system 12 jyotirlinga, 12 stands , 12 chakras for final enlightment. 12 cosmic rays . You see the connection.
Greetings Anton Petrov, just a thought... a black hole has a top, sides and a bottom where everything goes to. At the bottom of the singularity, let's call it the exit, could the OMG particles come from this exit? And since we are looking at the exit, we cannot see the black hole? In peace and friendship, Pierre Pagé
Local void is just a bunch of tiny black holes and if something gets out it was first slingshotted a bunch of times
3:08, 😂 did you say “in sound” instead of “in light of”?
Get rid of the mic, makes you look like an a-hole. Just sayin…
12:40 - Whenever astronomers don't understand something, they suggest that maybe it was caused by a black hole.  When they can't come up with a plausible black hole explanation, then they suggest that maybe it's caused by dark matter.  😀
Could those voids out there be caused by dissipated black holes? Ty
Well your show is fascinating Anton!
It makes sense if things aren't traveling in exactly straight lines, aside from gravity, magnetic fields, which we know can influence other radiation sources.
Nothing orbiting the dark void?
I can believe IBM blaming errors on their computers, on cosmic rays . Thank you Anton,  for your videos. Always interesting !
God is trying to tell man something
God is amazing 🤩
OMG  !   Thank you Anton for this update
Alien tracer-rounds  😱
We're going to need to have some serious shielding on our spacecraft if we're going to travel through the heliosphere.   My guess is these powerful cosmic rays are given an extra boost by gravitational waves.
Maybe some advanced species uses them for communication. Maybe they are a product of warping space time using a warp drive. Maybe a black hole sneezed. Maybe they come from another dimension interacting with ours.
😂😂😂 Grown adults are still believing that “outer space” is real! NASA has pulled off the heist of the century!
It was aliens 😂😂😂
Everything is made useful by the empty spaces.
❤Yes but can you see them? Can you visibly see particles in the atmosphere, or shifting in the air around you?
Here we go people! The shift is happening right now!
Maybe the particle is an information dump that is picked up by frequencies! Maybe our DNA jumps a few light years in knowledge. We progress frward away from our biological animal instincts and more enlightenment to our cosmic awareness!
Its important to know this is equivalent of a star trek show
IT WILL IMPROVE THE TOP SOIL
could it be possible to have "cosmic ray power", kinda like Solar power? (obviously in the future... not with current tech)
Soon, very soon.  We will see things that break our understanding of reality.  Before Jesus returns.  Satan will be unleashed.  Likely coming as an angel of light, to save the world.
Why does everyone always name stuff after themselves please have mercy on over educated brains just call it something simple
Can it be felt?
"spread spectrum" is a method of preventing cosmic bit flips.  ecc is only able to correct issues in data from general operations. but could also help
New Blue Sun
And we can do what with this
Amazing and... A little spooky... Something that powerful coming from an almost empty void with no readily available explanation...
It’s a good thing you called it “Planet” Earth, or it would’ve been confused for Asteroid Earth or Moon Earth.
Your "laws"of physics are simply rules governed by the geometric constructs of your experiments.  You alter geometry you can break the barriers your minds have set with these "laws". Humans have a very elementary understanding of reality.
Did anyone else see him say Amatsuatsu
False. Tesla would laugh at your b.s. quantum THEORY. That stupid priest was a mathematician that made up particles to fill in gaps for loaded equations. He was reading magnetism. I thought Russians were smart? You're making people dumber by regurgitating an Atomist's opinion. Gross.
It's the Borg. 😮
WRONG. Found a mistake in your first sentence! I am NOT a wonderful person.
Love you research. BTW, you could update your profile picture, you've grown up so much since then, and look really different. It would probably bring you even more views and subs, being taken more serious, as a grown man, by many who hasn't clicked before.
1:08 - correct spelling is “Father Theodor Wulf”
On my ship, the Rocinante Wheeling through the galaxies Headed for the heart of Cygnus Headlong into mystery
I called forth the galactic so get ready, it's going to be one beautiful adventure. Thank God my universal brothers are so advanced SPIRITUALLY.
Aliens? 😂
It's from alien space battles.
Sorry, it was me.
good morning Anton, new subscriber from vero beach, florida, usa
What if, similar to the boltzzman brain theory, it spawned in the void from the quantum field
mfw the Supervoids are actually remnants of a dimensional collapse attack from a war between two type 5s and the cosmic ray was a ricochet from some intergalactic superweapon.
So if one of those goes through your body and causes dna damage... what would that do? cause cancers? (just speculating... I am no doctor or scientist and am basically a stupid peasant). That's a tad scary.
Aliens shooting at us ? 🤣😂🤣😂
I rock with the microphone
OMG as in oh my and then God? Use his name when you need to add credibility to your agruments?
Awesome. Ty let us know what is is and what it is not. Nothing too crazy. What a mystery tho. Something we can't see or detect (until now) that is very powerful is hiding in this void.
WHere was this energy ray focused?
It's a Sophon!!!
Talk about Radiating Charisma...Is Man changing all lifeforms DNA through their Nuclear Experiments ?
Christmas came early with Antons video.
Sauske Uchia discovered this years ago.
I call bs there is no dark mater in the voids.  Ther is a massive partial execrator there .  what would accelerate large partials to these speeds.
sorry 99.98 the speed of light.
ya you have something the size of an atom or prion going 1000x as fast as a bullet going where it wants.
The Sun doesnt disappear. Youre closer to The Sun outside of Earthd atmosphere. Its The Sun.
I like and appreciate this information you provide.  It is challenging to keep up ,but that is a me problem.🤔😳. You do a good job keeping it understandable .  Detection of light energy and non light energy are a problem I have had with money too.  Where does it go after I put it in the wallet?  It must be  F Magic.😖🤨 thanks again👍👍👍
I pray someone will read these prayers to you and agree in prayer.
Omega oh my god
Huitzilopochtli has come back and is pissed what happened to his people.    🤦‍♂️ they come.from coatlcue the paritcals are her childeren like  Huitzilopochtli
Im glad you dont fear monger in your videos
Awesome Anton. Excellent astrophysics study. Thank you for your due diligence.
maybe its got something to do with that thing that looks like a second moon people have reported seeing again, same time as last year..?
Something is reaching out from the void.
So it came from the 💥"quantum"💥 universe!
Anton, you saved my marriage. Ty 4:01 4:04
Great stuff, as always, Anton.  Note that the limiting factor is based on the concept that energy distribution throughout the universe is symmetrical - but it isn't.  Voids have fewer interference sources to reduce the energy of fast-moving particles. Thus, particles originating from very distant origins (perhaps from beyond the observable universe,) are only likely to reach us when their path isn't blocked, i.e. through  a void.
When I was a kid a half century ago, I wondered whether cosmic voids were places where there was once a lot of antimatter.
Seriously, dude? The OMG particle happened in Oct *1991*.
Maybe the void are not actually empty, but merely "Dark"... At that speed, (GZK limit), we might not be able to see the origin yet, if the region is shielded by light blocking dust. Cosmic ray computer error rates! Iron, being more likely to be sensitive to magnetism.
If only it could be used as domestically with its origin and manufacture.
Since the topic is UHECR, some pictures of radio-telescope made confusion ! Rather, suggest pictures of TA (telescope array), HAWC, LHAASO or Pierre Auger Observatory ! Also the atmospheric Muon detection accompanied by passing by UHECR particle(s) is indispenseable !
Well it came from that direction anyway.
Lol God of the sun.. now we just pretend we have one that made everything.. Bahaha Sheeple and gods because they can't understand something... We used to think a god was In a volcano.. lol some still do.. can't fix stupid
The Amaterasu at the end got me 🤣
And we're all still here - amazing
It's not a new particle if it came from space
Get a grip man there are no planets, no space so what exactly are you on?
Aum Namah Shivaya ❤
itachi firing amratarasu from afterlife
I have wondered if super energetic cosmic rays are responsible for SHC.
I haven't watched your vids in a while, i know i have some in my watch later, but you are one of my top favorite channels. Life/depression/anxiety just gets in the way and i cant even enjoy the things i love 🥲 Im sure there are at least a few others like me. But whenever i feel better i always come back and i enjoy your content si much, as ive always loved everything related to space and science. Sorry for dumping this long comment but just wanted to let you know you have a lot of support, even if some of us are in the background and loving from afar
Space as a vacuum does not do it justice.
IF it actually came from a "void", then it was created there.  This is why I still subscribe to the 'SubQuantum Kenetics' model  where subatomic particles arise from the 'Quantum Foam' (John Wheeler).
The wave function collapsed and splat. What if there are more of them?
Yes this is why we refer to it as the mysteries of the universe as the Same as Space Time theory. Plain and simple might be home to smaller universes of the greys...Then they would have the intentions of not leaving trails back home. Flash in the pan particles now you see them now you don't.
Hahahaha damn that ending nice
Or.. were UNDER ATTACK ! (Maybe it's a OMG rail gun with a bad aim)
i alway said there is force out there nobody on earth can grasp ...and its not a god...we are just lucky...and human keep doing their crap anyway
Far as I'm concerned they can screw off with this Tech...
The void is not emty😮
Maybe this is a primal particle, one coming from the origin of the universe. The telescopes need to look way beyond the void to images from early in the universe. These particles could predate the original galaxies.
What happens when hemispheres collide ? What happens when termination shocks collide ?
Primordial blaxk hole
their will always be a new particle until we hit a new micro verse, and at that time if the micro verse is not as advance as ours then we would be preceved as gods due to our futer tech
If you would be good to give us a better idea what you are going to share.  I hate waiting to the middle of the post to know what I’m going to learn.
ow, my brain hurts
I pray a GOD particle will hit the earth and give only his closest Biological children super powers.
I stopped worrying about things that may or may not kill us and try to concentrate on just living...
What a place to hide tho,  in a place where there is supposed to be “nothing”.   Could these be mirror particles which may have started somewhere on the opposite side of where we thought it started??  And/or maybe it came from a black hole that’s too small to measure, therefore we don’t even know it’s there?
Do these Cosmic Rays affect Earth Weather?
NASA discovers Impenetrable barrier above earth/?/ - duck duck go!
This is too close to the ending  plot on Three Body Problem
Hey Anton, like the channel. But I got news for everybody, this is never going to end: the "finding" of a new subatomic particle with the CERN collider or others in the future. You cannot go or expand "infinitely large", but you can go or contract indefinitely or to infinity. You can go "infinitely small". The Mandelbrot set proves this.
Aliens using a probe.
Have they aimed the JWST at that void?
maybe that isnt a void and the light from there hasnt got here yet, but it would mean that thing was exceeding the speed of light,  the other way would be the thing that sent it here is not there any more (moved or swallowed up by a rouge black hole, or something)
If it is the dark energy then shouldn't the distribution of the super high energy rays be the same in all directions ?
Thanks to the sun for protecting us from intense cosmic radiation!  I don't like to be roasted on high!
I have predictive proof that stars are constantly making new large particles from the decay of particles. Btw; the corrugated galaxy energy sheet is what flips the sun's poles. Ice Cube tracked the neutrinos proving this yet they cling to the unnecessary cold dark matter lie
Thank  you .    ( 2023 / Dec / 19 )
so let's just a take a second to appreciate how insane every single word of this video is like a few hundred years ago if you said this the people would think you're completely insane
Your the best thankyou ❤️👀🌍
It's probably just our government and their brand new laser
Earth has been exposed in the dark forest
It was the end of the world yesterday!! Fake everything!!
would it hurt much if I got hit by one?
This gives me SUPER MASSIVE black holes vibes… like more massive than we may think possible. My brain wants to say there’s a black hole larger than known to even be possible, that could cause us to see little to nothing in that area… think about it if a black hole gets large enough you might not get that usual ring effect because even the light from that ring we usually see gets pulled in and if that’s the case it’s unlikely but completely possible something like that could slingshot particles EXTREMELY fast if they are on the edge and just get slingshotted. This wouldn’t make sense if not for the last point, what if the gravitational force is so strong it’s condensed to a point that there’s no in between meaning you either get slingshotted or immediately pulled into the middle. This black hole idea would also require it to be stationary which couldn’t be completely out the picture for something that strong and massive. If not stationary then moving at the same speed, velocity, and direction of our system in a perfect parallel. This may sound dumb to some but give it roughly an hour of thought and it feels more and more likely depending on the path you choose to go down with your predictions. I don’t expect to be right or want to be right because if something that strong exists I’d much rather just be a single particle than a person capable of thought.
Oh 🐂🗑️ (that’s Bull Garbage). They probably created that element in a lab and when they use it to destroy us, they’ll blame it on nature, just like they did with covid. “Oh covid came from a “bat and a pengulin”.
So basically when my live stream crashes for absolutely no reason it's due to a cosmic ray. Fair enough, I'll stop pestering my ISP now 😅
also note- highly powerful particles with a lot of penetrating power do less damage, often, than slower ones! powerful particles need more mass to slow down its scattering, so they carve out a rather thin path, while slower ones, and near stationary decaying ones that you can breathe in, en masse, are often the worst! it's like that spallation image Anton had behind him. you wanna be the first thing it hits, not behind a wall which will turn it into subatomic shrapnel!
Funny we act so smart when we really know nothing that's important.
The new microphone sounds really nice!
@11:55 *BROTHER, GET THE FLAMER. THE HEAVY FLAMER. - INTENSIFIES.* 😂
Could the rays be arriving here so much behind the speed of light that whatever released them long ago is gone and no longer visible?
We are not the only solar system, Racing round it's galaxy.
That Void has to be a Product of the Formation or Manifestation of the particles!
I wonder if this affects our sun?
Where have you been? I haven't seen anything from you in a long time.
Wow, I didn't know you spoke French. A man of many talents.
Maybe it was a highly evolved alien and the detector killed it.
Uranus/Aquarius Constellation Uranus 5/6 degree Taurus. Pluto 30 degree Capricorn Jan 24, 2024 enters Aquarius 31 degree. Aquarius Constellation storms, lightening, unexpected. Everything out there takes it's physical form here on earth. We're stepping out of Pisces, Neptune/water/ruling 36/1 degree Aries/fire. Right there on the horizon . You'll figure it out.
Maybe whatever produced the rays doesn’t exist anymore
Whoah!! Hold up! Wait.. wait.. wait.... Is your microphone floating?
Naruto flash backs
aliens :D
OMG ray can hit and kill a mario! That is cosmic (threat)!
It's not too powerful if it's coming from God's Kingdom realm and Jesus Christ.
U-hooker particles are very dangerous, they can literally wreck your body.
Father Wolf is a Jesuit priest huh, well that explains alot…
I Loved your smile at the end it was a nice touch at the end of the video
any evidence of this particle  hitting earth .. or just word  salad . and how would you track  a particle so tiny you wouldnt know its there . sounds like a bad story to  me . like a unicorn story ..
At least you are finally looking in the correct direction! hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah  Remember what I said about space folding views! You cannot trust your eyes (telescopes) on a matt background.... 😅
NEVWR FORGET. ALL OF PUR SCIENCE IS BASED IN HYPOTHASIS. WE TRULY KNOW NOTHING. DONT BE AFFRAID TO challenge all supposed "Science" Its Wide Open!
You can't name it your not a Son of G_d.  A 7th son of Adam you lack knowledge.
Ironically we allow the powers that be to put up towers that do the same exact thing, blasting man made waves, through our bodies, but they wouldn't bombard our cells and DNA would they, no way just like they would never knowingly feed us poisonous food, medicine, give us addiction boxes, so we a ll live to 45 55 lol.
Anton explains everything with "dark matter".
All. The Earth is the Centre of The Universe. Lewe, 1915 Get used to the possibility, and think about it
👍⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ THANK YOU! I look forward to your next video.
This is a copy of Campeones, spanish film from the year before
Why do you (and the scientists that you got your information about this phenomena) underestimate the power of any black hole (no matter the size)? If there is even a 1 in a trillion chance that a particle can enter a specific trajectory in the gravitation field of a "near enough to us black whole" that gives it time and energy to accelerate near the speed of light and at the same time give it the opportunity to escape the next to impossible near kiss of the super mass (that every black whole is) soo give the universe enough time and it will produce it and we will catch it! When we look at any black wholes we must never forget that they have enough energy at a specific distance to make an event horizon! So think about that ;)
Your French accent was SPOT ON 😂😂😂 Chef's Kiss 🤌🏻🤌🏻
"UHECR  -- the ENERGY MIRACLE  we need."    Bill Gates.  Think of these times as Man's Pre Star Trek moment -- complete with our own, Q.   Mankind either ends war now, thus paving the way for a marvelous, worldwide civilization,  OR  men and women are forever forbidden from the stars -- perhaps even our souls, bound to Earth, with the beasts.    Q,  just as Q-wizical as ever,  says,  "I don't believe men have souls. If they do, it's barely discernible.  This time,  Jean-Luc,  it's not up to you and your crew to save the day.  It's up to them --  souls or not!"
AETHER
Maybe it was God?
There’s something out there….. some… thing
The power cosmic Galactus
Amaterasu rising from the void...a cosmic phoenix reborn in emptiness? My mind is ablaze with possibilities! Could it be a primordial echo, a leftover ripple from the Big Bang itself, finally reaching our shores after eons adrift? Or perhaps a clash of titans, a dance of dark matter in the void's hidden depths, spewing forth this celestial behemoth? The silence screams with unanswered questions, but one thing's certain: the Local Void is no longer so empty. It's a Pandora's box, and we've just cracked it open. Let the hunt for answers begin!
So it's not "radiation" but just particles of matter and energy (dust) from space that the atmosphere filter out the biggest and slowest particles. Stuff is constantly  crashing in space (asteroids) and such..
Nothing will ever make sense while we continue to yield to group think and continue to try to shoe horn everything into our our present prevailing theories.
its CIA satellites cooking certain "targets"
Maybe it is a highly advanced weapon from an unknown race. Best way to take us out is from afar. That was just a tracer particle. The full blast to annihilate us is yet to come. See "Dark Forest Theory" as one possible solution to the Fermi Paradox. :D
Jesus is coming  And he’s pissed No one is fallowing his teachings  Beware Jesus  They will crucify you with a AR-15
Obviously, the mothership was passing through that area.
Giant alien monster eating stars sending out particles to probe for food 🤔
🛸👽☝🏽
That was a fascinating  investigation .    Loved it  .  Thanks Anton
Sniper Particle
Do a video about Nabiru
Love your work. Such a nice production to give us these wonders down to earth.
Did I notice?   Nope.  Can't be that important.
How would we see a black hole in a void? Is there anyway other than lining up a star in the background and blocking the light?
It would be EXTREMELY INTERESTING if this had something to do with what happens at the end of the universe. Maybe big rip theory is right? Or maybe heat death is wrong?
Can't explain something? Math not adding up?... Blame it an imaginary particle... Dark matter to the rescue again. This is getting so ridiculous
I like Anton.   But, BlackHoles do not exist in this universe. Not even one.    These galactic gammas come from an electromagnetic Z-pinch, the same phenomena that produce planets, stars, and chains of galaxies.  Electrical production is scalable.   The Standard Theory of Cosmology is dead. And stinking!   Who divides by zero and calls it a BlackHole???    Mathmagicians, asstronomers, and quackademics.  That's our experts?
I had some Tiramisu last night. Funny, it didn't taste like a high velocity particle.
ITS OVER 9000
@Anton Petrov  Thank you Anton for breaking this down into simple understandable language for us non-scientists.  A very good presentation that I RoccoMend.
And we think of our CREATOR as a next door NEIGHBOR  ?  😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
There is the recent idea now that all black holes rotate so perhaps a really huge rotating black hole in the middle of that has cleared all matter lang ago but still can slingshot under the right angle incoming, already fast particles ??
_Obviously, this cosmic void got cleaned up from galaxies by sufficiently advanced aliens when they were building Super Humongous Particle Collider._
New mic? 🤷🏼‍♀️ eh.   I still need closed captions to properly understand your accent, but would happily fill your Bootes Void anytime. 🙃
Its always a bit risky trying new things in your recording process. In my opinion, you should turn down your mic gain a little bit, because it's already very clearly picking up all of your tones but too loudly just at the threshold of distortion.
....aliens....its all about the aliens and their playing with stuff that we have no idea about...
❤ I love your videos. You have taught me so much. Ty Sir
So happy that you are back  I really love your videos you find those science gems for us and take the time to explain them in plain simple English.  I am completely bolloxed that a particle could have this much power. My gut reaction is to say no way. But such a particle could propel a space ship if it could be made, or slow a ship down if it were headed here.  I salute our Alien Overlords.  Futurama
Adamantine light! 😜
Next time I miss a shot in CS, I am blaming cosmic rays
M87 and Centaurus A: playing superparticle cosmic beer pong, doing pretty good Not yet perceivable supercosmic power arrives at the party: Hold my beer
Prolly generated negative energy coming from an "intensive" void
That easter egg lmao
Matirasu!
A few degrees of change might still be enough for it to have come from one of the superclusters to the side. Unlikely based on what we know, but not impossible. I wonder if there could also be relativistic effects not being taken into account
What if that is actually a way of getting long distance sensor data? Shoot a very specific and dense partical really fast across space with sensors to track the particle and how it interacts with the universe as it goes to create maps or something. That would be cool.
AMATERASU!
Every now and then I see a video about cosmic rays, and how our magnetospheres (from the Earth, and the Sun) are keeping us safe. It always makes me wonder just how deadly it is in deep space, between star systems. Then I get very unsettled. I wonder if it's even worse in the void, between galaxies?
Why is it not black hole ejecta. The voids may be black hole neighborhoods
If one of these ultra high energy particles was travelling in a direction parallel to the main plane of a nearby galaxy, wouldn't the dust and gas clouds shield it from the microwave background, at least microwaves coming from that direction? Now if we had 2 galaxies relatively close with their main planes more or less parallel among themselves, an Amaterasu-like particle trawelling thru the middle should experience much lover breaking due to interactions with the CMB - so probably these particles could travel much further distances, depending on conditions of the space they're traversing
OMG, the new microphone is SOOO much better - your voice is way clearer.
Does this have to do with the Suns black hole that we witness ? meaning that our shield got weak.
Wow! I understood! I get frustrated at times with cosmology and physics talks. Just can’t follow. Your talk was very well organized with simple examples. I am intrigued and plan to watch more of your videos. And i won’t let others deter me from exploring and feeling a sense of awe. Your enthusiasm is contagious. Thank you
So some of the fringe community claims the voids are cloaked civilizations. (This could be incidental to post singularity technology, not something like deception.) Having a grossly overpowered particle hit us from a void is.... Compelling.
Don't use Wikipedia.   It's not peer reviewed.
If it came from a void then it was redirected by a black hole.  I paused at 1:03 to propose this, hopefully you have the same idea later on...
How soon will it be until the AI hacks your brain implant?
It rode a combination of gravitational waves
Ooh la la this is so cool 😂
Just to poke a little fun here.  The microphone looks like it's in front of you.  I imagine if it was in your face, that could prove to be rather painful.  I enjoy watching your videos, keep up the good work.
I love your videos. Really interesting. Great work 👏
Who knew Itachi came back to Earth right before the end of the year.
Nothing comes from nothing. The observer`s incompetence to perceive the source leads to oximoronic and pseudoscientific conclusions like öt came from nothing"' when he should say, i am unable to see the source.
3:06 That seems odd. How could the helliosphere block those particles without a giant magnet? Direct collisions? There is too much empty space out there for that, I think.
What if voids are hidden civilizations able to harness the power of the stars around them
Maybe the void isn't a void but the light from most stars is being blocked, maybe even collected by a super civilization. Now I want to look up if that possibility is thoroughly disproven.
“Oo la la this is so cool” in the subtle French accent was funny lol
Just, I wonder how much more evidence we need to accept that there are advanced alien civilizations out there in the observable universe. I proposed decades ago that the lack of IR radiation from cosmic voids is also possible while containing some equivalent of Dyson spheres, with sufficient technology that can use quantum channeling, to direct the vast amount of extra energy we normally think of as waste heat into black holes, either natural or artificially created, as heat sinks. As usual, I was laughed off because of people citing the laws of thermodynamics. While I fully understand the laws of thermodynamics, it seems I am unique in my understanding of them as a statistical laws that don't apply at the quantum level. So, I gave up the attempt to defend my views. On the other hand, if one accepts that civilizations don't want to waste energy, then of course they are going to drop their emissions to the sub-infrared levels being given off by Hawking radiation and we should expect the highest energy particles to be coming from the voids. That's where the highest level civilizations are enveloping stars, sucking up all the energy they can right down to sub-CMB levels, and occasionally letting stray super-high energy particles escape from their stellar-sized (or perhaps bigger) particle accelerators.
Aliens? Just kidding, I'm sure we'll figure it out eventually, but for now it's "aliens of the gaps". 😝
Love the mic brother! Keep doing your thing!!
Slingshot Rays© You're welcome.
The original particle was not observed, only the products.  It may not have been a cosmic ray, but something else, like a primordial black hole or dark matter particle.  F. Miller
most likely outside the observable universe.
Makes sense in my MOR, (but at the limits of thought experiment).
So, a billion years ago a star went Supernova and because of that you loose a World of Warcraft Hardcore character... 😂
Have you ever heard of or ever met Jon Lomberg ? He illustrated all Cosmos for Carl Sagan and did many other cool things like pick the Beatles song for the golden disc !
“There’s definitely dark matter in the area”…  When did dark matter become more than a theory…? Lol. Why doubt so many things that have SOME physical evidence, and then turn around and discuss dark matter so confidently even though it is definitely a theory, with ZERO physical evidence. Hmm. Seems biased. Not at all scientific. Right on par with the norm in the “education” system.
200M Lightyears… yeah, that’s pretty close
Magnetars are to blame! It's always magnetars.   They're the troublemakers of space!
Maybe like a developing cyclone/tornado it collects energy along the way. Surely not all friction has a reduction effect
AMATERASU!!
I really just said Antron instead of his name. I am beyond help. Lmfao
1:28 Stay wonderful
That’s so crazy how fast the tiramisu particle goes!
Ohhh la la this is why Anton is the best content creator thank you for all your educational videos.
Is it possible that this particle is the result of two other particles that fused (somewhere out there) and their added energies increased its speed?
That ending though 😂
I really enjoy this guy's channel. The cosmic ray in question is caused by a giant space cat. Feel free to share this information. My cat told me this, and he's highly intelligent 🙀😺
What if it was a survey beam for an advanced species of space fairing creatures. Which explains why voids appear to empty. It’s a form of camouflage.
Perhaps the mass of the void itself intensifies these particles.  The power of nothingness and the  relationship of positive/negative.  Or maybe even the mass void of nothing .. creates highly energetic somethings ..
The universe is looking more like a brain....
Fascinating video! Is it possible that because the particle came through an area of void (lower density), it was able to transcend the GZK limit?  And therefore, is from somewhere beyond the void?
It's the exhaust plume of an ALIEN ships drive system pointed at us.  See, it's always aliens...  ohh wait, I may have gotten that wrong.
Cool.
Amazing Vid
Ever since Radahn fell
Goddess, not god
We found the monopole boys
It came from beyond the void...
Maybe it's the God particle? 😊
Love the new audio
NONSENSE! Earth is FLAT! There's no going in or out of the firmament, a hard, fast barrier. Every image we are shown is CGI.
Dark matter annihilated 4th dim.
It's just as Cixin Liu predicted.  Can't say more without spoilers.
Maybe its from whiteholes. After eons going subatomic through black hole, what comes out is an all packed into one extreme particle? Ok no. I commented too early. CERN?
I wish I had started studying the stars at an early age I’m 61 and it’s so late to try n remember. Lol    However, wat do u no about the Jewish Matzaroth (I’m not spelling that right the Jewish zodiac)    It tells about the story in the stars, the birth of Christ, the death, the resurrection even all the other things that have happened in the world is in the constellations. Have you ever seen that? Do you know anything about that????!!😮
Dude 2 : Dude you let another particle escape the giant EM lens hiding our HUGE blackhole. Dude : Sowwy!!
It's a stray blast from an intergalactic battle.
u flip my bits
Very good on the pronunciation. It's rare that anybody gets it right
That microphone is too powerful to make sense! (To be honest, the sound is bad.. it sounds cracky like a loudspeaker where the voice coil is touching something.)
Our magnetosphere is weakening right now.
You know how we test nukes in deserts.... Just sayin.
I wonder if this could have anything to do with why the shakespearean freemasons were obsessed with Bootes
can anyone please enlighten me: are the radiation shielding effects taken into account when determining habitable zones or is it just a temperature/distance/collision equation?
Amaterasuuu
Anton is a treasure to humanity.
Once more, the best day to day content on youtube.
MORE MICS MORE COSMIC RAYS
"And he was the first person to do something really cool." Citation. Needed. :)
The mic actually works better than previous before without it. I can hear you now loud and clear even without the volume way up. Thanks Anton for sharing what you know. Great work!
It does make sense, unless you somehow believe the underlying nature of our universe can flip flop between particles and waves lol.
Thanks Anton! Very exciting content. Actually was inspired by Cygnus and cosmic radiation affecting human brains to write a scifi story about people developing mental illness after exposure to unidentified radiation. Your video has further inspired me to write a sequel. I wonder what lies in the void. It has stimulated my imagination.  Many thanks.
It was the discharge from an energy weapon
If the sun protects us from cosmic rays I wonder if there is some sort of galactic Goldilocks Zone where material is dense enough to form stars and planets that could support life but not so dense that cosmic rays keep everything sterile.
My biased mind is trying to tell me that maybe the reason that part of the universe is void is related to the inmense energy of that particle....
So what if the void was merely a zone of less resistance than more populated space which is giving more resistance due to matter, gravity and electromagnetic considerations . The void possibly even acting as a funnel from all directions including all other space surrounding it, in which case detectors all around it within the 200 light years would see impingement from the opposite side of it from their viewpoint ?
Is there dark matter in space voids?
The particle was thrown at us by Xenu. He makes his home in the Local Void now.
Years ago I was an authorized technition for Sony (Panasonic and JVC too but nobody cares) and I was having a high rate of bad pixels on charge coupled devices or C.C.D. camera equipment, the nice stuff. After some back and fourth with my Asian colleges a service bulletin was issued stating units were to shipped on ocean going transportation as the trip over the Arctic was causing too many bad pixels due to high energy particles hitting then from space, or wherever.
OMG ITS ELECTRICITY!!!!!!
To your mention of magnetic field changing it's direction... Could it potentially be plausible that one of these particles interacting with the jets of a black hole/super massive black hole as well as the magnetic field of it's accretion disc be powerful enough to increase the particle's energy tremendously to the levels seen in these handfuls of ultra rare "omg" particles?
it's the Jesus Beam....the 2nd coming?
Some far out ideas  Cosmic strings snapping  Aliens!  A hole into some higher dimensional space
they found us
its the death star!!!!
I like it the way you were doing it before without the mic 🎤 😁
The dark forest shrouds the lurker in the void
Oh shit!  Is it the end of the world again.🥵😰😨🫣😅😂😅😂
Wow so out of touch, gl
Ooo la la, Anoton is so le cool <3
Merry Christmas   And a happ new year  Anton 0
Ah! So it Is possible that Something can come from nothing. Hot diggity!
Mass Effect has opinions on superpowers hiding in space voids.
I like the content but the mike in your face is the old school… in my mind it is unnecessary distraction… pen or shotgun mike just above your head and out of frame is the way to go… modern mikes are virtually indistinguishable for 99.9% of people… what matters most is the room acoustics…
Is it just a running theme this season of earth? This season is sci-fi season , aliens ufos , ai , super computing , solar flares , wars , scary particles , what’s next?
Even assuming a perfectly straight line, you can't really tell where these things are coming from unless you know its velocity precisely. For example, if something was travelling 200 million light years to get here, and was travelling at 99.9999% the speed of light, the earth would have spun about 73000 times in the time difference between when light from a star arrived and a particle from the same star. You can only say "the detector was pointing toward the void when the particle arrived." You can't say anything else unless the particle was a photon, or travelling at speeds in excess of 99.9999999999% the speed of light, which would be hard to prove.
Hey Anton! I have been subscribed to your channel for a long time now and I always look forward to your videos. You have a gift for making complex topics accessible and interesting for the non-scientific mind. Your videos help me calm my busy brain (I have Asperger's) and inspire me to learn more about the wonders of the universe. Thank you for your amazing work and passion. You are a true educator and a role model for me.
Exhaust from alien spaceship propulsion. Pick power beamed from nearby galaxies, convert to kinetic energy of the particle, the mass-energy equivalence overcomes tyranny of rocket equation: very little on-board propellant, huge reaction mass ejected at almost speed of light.
LMAO. Is this guy trying to be a comedian at the last end of this video?
Do black holes die?  Is the void a blackhole graveyard??
That telescope will see the Death Star!
👍
ALLAHU Akbar. Someone will see and hear all this and still say there is no ALLAH. The creator of all.
Stray shot from an intergalactic war?
200,000 light years. Twice the size of our galaxy. That distance the large mangellic cloud.
Anton, I love you, and I love your channel, but for real, I don't need anything else to fuel my anxiety, bro!   I'm just kidding, keep it coming. This is one of my favourite channels. I could listen to you talk all day.
It came from Voidoid. I asked Richard Hell and he said it's true.
Thanks as usual, you sound level was high, I had to turn the level down and then back up to watch other videos.
1.19 "...and he was the first person ever, to do something really cool". No one ever did anything cool, until Father Wolf invented cool? 🤔
Another fascinating presentation thanks.  Ooh la la la. XXX .Çheers Anton. And thanks for not mentioning alien intelligence.
That’s my guess, a rogue supermassive black hole floating around in the void, occasionally accelerating and shedding a few ultra high energy particles as it stumbles through the dark.
An omega particle hit the earth, lol.
Perhaps the void is a window or a cloak.
This is NOT how you get Fantastic Four.
I loved your French accent lol
Plot twist: the voids we see are actually giant civilizations, powered by millions of Dyson Spheres.
At 7:05 wouldn't the simple explanation be that they get pulled around by magnetic fields on their path?
You are one of my favorite Youtubers!  Thanks for all your hard work.
NIHIL EX NIHILO = From Not Comes Not
I continue to tell the true scientists (whether you get paid $ for your passion or not)...that we need to prepare for some BIG CHANGES. The 'workplace scientists' that follow strict processes/institutional thought/'its just part of my job' types, aren't prepared: in next 10-50yrs we're likely going to see many big theories of 20th century either entirely disproven, or mostly...with far more 'wild' and exotic discoveries taking their place.  I say prepare for it: because those institutional thinkers have historically NEVER gone done without a ton of arguments 'disproving' the new discoveries; 'theories' explaining the findings away as instrument error, etc...They're going to be slow to accept any of it: and the discoveries are going to be so big, it'll be impossible for them to come to terms with it.
I'm terrible at maths and physics, but doesn't quantum physics propose the origin and path of a particle depends on the observer? Or even, if it is a particle or a wave? To what conclusion about these particles would a quantum physicist come? Wouldn't he just propose the particle could have been released at any point of its' directed path and not necessarily have an origin in the galaxies Anton mentioned?
Haha the ending 15:46
Sasuke is at fault.
Always engage highpass-filter when using a SM7 for speech.
I wasn't prepared and almost spit my coffee on my screen when you said "uhookers", lol For years I have enjoyed your videos and greatly appreciate your dedication and insight.  Thank you so much for all you do Anton and have a wonderful holiday with your family
The trisolariann sophon has arrived. 😂
Amatirasuuuu!
Naruto fans be like:
Where on earth did it hit?
im from the local void too
would it really cause detectable damage in a human? i assumed that it is like a very fast bullet that passes through you and out. I suppose there could be a cascade effect if it hit a nucleus of an atom in the body but would the probability of hitting a nucleus not be very small? Is the high energy that significant?
I immediately thought of the “Sophons” from the book The Three Body Problem 😱
Somebody run out of fuell and we are picking up their distress beacon :D ... On more serious note - its great to see still new discoveries in this field, hopefully we are close to some new heureka moment - we could use one very soon as problems to solve are piling up and we dont want to run out of time on them for sure.
All these gigantic forces, all this attempts for humanity to understand such.  And your diamond working energies coming through you , you’ve no need for excessive behavior and you’re able to verbalize,,,,,,f,ing cosmic Anton
love the content, always has me coming back! ❤
This reminds me of the movie Radius.
As best as anyone can tell, one time, a cosmic ray caused an error in an election vote count. They figured it out and it wasn't a big deal, but the best explanation for the 2 to the power of something vote error was cosmic rays literally flipping one bit.
Maybe this is a quantum glitch. When a particle's position in space-time is measured very accurate that causes a very high uncertainty in it's energy-momentum. I'm curious how accurate the measurement should be to create such a high uncertainty to get this insane energy  randomly!  P.S. You really got me with that final Amaterasu :))
Oof. You got that overpriced mic. I mean it's fine if you really like it but for general video presentation in a closed environment - there were definitely cheaper options. (And better)
for us simple people why can't the voids be hugs black holes or at least old black holes that have taken everything it can around it
Rubbish show us any proof that can stand up in court any this is imagination
"oh la la! this is so cool"
The big empty, i think that's one of the nearest "real" points for a meta universal object.  Used to have a theory about dropping stars into a black hole, rhythmically, like "s.o.s." could be they had the same idea, over the einstein rosen meta bridge. I never aimed the head cannons at which particulars may exude, but i caught the part of novelty, and high energy, sounds like an aberration one could produce that way, like chunks of ceiling failing down, past cellar doors, for the dancing on sun lit floors.  Or they're trying to pop over, and this is the sputtering as the damn gives way
astrophysicists love staring into the void
Does anyone know what happens when one of these high energy particles passes through a human brain?
So... aliens are hiding in the local void??
*UHECR* . . . I pronounce that as You-Cur, same way as the card game Euchre.
The Nowhere Ray, sounds like my kind of Schlocky sci-fi movie.
🤔🧐👏🏻👍🙏
sound like sith
Thank you Anton. The dark matter folly and obsession is holding minds back from discovering the reality. Seems almost every reported phenomenon is due to 'dark matter' - which most will admit isn't matter at all. It's becoming comical! Be well Sir  :)
Glad I waited 😋 If you could make one in an accelerater (I know, not happening), and hit a target...
You shall see signs and wonders in the sun, the moon and the stars.  And the powers of the heavens shall be shaken.
Yeah the void would increase the distance it could come from for sure. I have a weird theory based on quantum entanglement. What if a particle has a link to a star as its partner flys to earth. The moment it hits an entanglement trigger causes the partner particle to zoom at high speeds tight at us. Especially during a hyper nova or other such powerful event. The link between the particles could make them more likely jolt together. But this doesn’t happen. Entanglement was disproved and has never had any experimental evidence for cause over distance. Only similar split particles. No caused by the collusion at the final detectors. The Nobel prize was given without actually proving it. Is sad.
IBM's cosmic ray study revealed the actual leading cause of "bit rot."  Most times, the bit flip is in a large data structure, like changing one shade of pink to a slightly different shade of pink in a large prepress page layout in Photoshop.  Sometimes it's in a kernel pointer, and your computer wanders off to go contemplate its navel.
Another unobservable magic particle that does exactly what was needed to make the broken non-predictive computer models match observations. How long can they get always with this trash before people get a clue. We’ve had almost 100 years of piling patch upon patch on top of a major premises that was wrong to begin with. It ain’t gravity holding space together. It’s electro magnetism. Charged particles in motion constitute a current. The solar wind is a current.
Please tell me, if this Super fast particle travels  like a Neutron.
Why do we assume something caused the rays to accelerate rather than something causing us to accelerate in the past?
No logical explanations… it’s an alien super weapon… they have a lot of juice but we’re too far away so we only perceive this much… Voila! Logical explanation found 🤓😏🤣
That beam destroyed my barn. Wait I never had one? Wait The bean gave me amnesia....
"Amaterasu!" The better name the next huge burst of cosmic rays "Susanoo"!
Does anyone account for cosmic rays interacting with other cosmic rays, before planetary contact?
With the magnetosphere weakening all these radiation events will effect us more and more.
Sasuke somewhere in space
Is this still coming at us? Or did it already hit, and no one bothered to tell us, except you....Thank you. For some reason I thought of CERN,  I guess because I watched another video about just how weird that is...I do not think things like CERN, Starlink, AI, etc should proceed without input from the people that LIVE ON THIS PLANET and want to care for it. Or want the night sky stars to be distinct. I'm angry about all the crap going on behind the scenes. Take Care...It's definitely time for Plan B,....!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I think where we are in the galaxy is an underrated consideration
Or maybe the local void allows easier passage from farther away, that would otherwise collide with a star or something in the clusters.
Anton, firstly, thank you so much for not producing Clickbait but balanced reasonable content. It is so refreshing. Secondly, thank you for a really engaging video
Behind The Local Void sounds like the next horror movie.  Seems like the more we know, the more we realize what we don't know...
Good, it's been a friendly exposed we're all the dream!
Because these scientists can't accept the idea of anything traveling at, or faster, than the speed of light; so particles travel 99.9999999999999999999999999INF spead of light 🤣 Are there any real scientists left, who can think for themselves? To hell with Einstein, let's start thinking for ourselves and rediscovering what the real restriction is. Any one with a lick of common sense knows the fastest a thing could travel, could move from point A to point B in 0 time. Light doesn't do that now does it....
Probably exhaust from an ion drive space car!
Jumpscare squad
An acquaintance of mine told me about this a few days ago. A particle was detected having the equivalent power of a baseball. To think of how much power that single particle had staggers the imagination and requires some sincere thought about whether or not there really is such a thing as a multiverse because that particle couldn't, or shouldn't, actual exist.
its the space mafia, hiding out in the one place they knew scientists wouldnt look...
The dark void zone is where I would focus on looking for intelligent civilization. Maybe they are doing the same.
So the emptier the space, the greater the energy distribution is skewed to higher energies.  To go to the extreme, because that’s what physicists do, if space was entirely empty then there could be an explosion of unimaginable power?  I believe that describes the Big Bang …  I wonder if we are missing some fundamental understanding of empty space and virtual particles that once solved makes all the babbling about dark matter/energy go away.
I don’t like the microphone.
The Amateratsu at the end after the credits was a great reference! Lol love it. Great video!
They're carrier signals. For what, no idea. But if information cannot be destroyed, then all the information that ever was already exists and simply needs to be found. In the information domain, this is a carrier or beacon/ping type thing.  Distinctive things will have richer meaningful content and should be explored. Being that things can hide from us in our own solar system it's unsurprising that something shows up that seems celestially nearby.
If the particle got slingshot by a super massive black hole, it might have came from any direction
15:11 “Be somebody!” (Steve Martin - the Jerk)
And now I know why my hemorrhoids acted up!
Could be harnessed for energy. Forget colliders.
Thanks!
"Whenever you think that you are facing a contradiction, check your premises. You will find that one of them is wrong." -Francisco Domingo Carlos Andres Sebastián d'Anconia
Hahahahaha... how do you know it is not a malfunction of those detectors?
What would happen to a cosmic ray to be slingshot by the sun and it's magnetosphere? Why is the energy of the particles would make it harder to steer? Do the black hole care about the particles energy?
"Ooh la la, this is so cool!" I agree! Just like this channel, always interesting, always informative, and always thought provoking. Great video, Anton! BTW, I'd rather be hit by a tennis ball than a baseball, OMG!
The iron rays are flying varying magnetic fields, is that the phenomena?
Uhecker U.H.E.C.R.s
big fan of the new mic setup! Great video as usual Anton
You sounded smart in previous episodes then you revealed yourself. Bad move😂
I may have trolled you several times— but I believe in what you do; sharing information. So please continue—even if you’re talking about fake space lasers used to synthesize alien pancake syrup
if i didn't know you for so long, i woulda thought this was a  clickbait video seeing the titel... 😅lol !
Why you Jumpscare me at the end like that?
That's what she said
I really recommend watching this video to the very end. Amaterasu!
Game theory:  aliens did it
bunch of snickering aliens out there using their transgalactic laser pointers to mess with us.
They're trying to talk to us 🥺🤩
fyi personally those mics are distracting and make it harder to focus on you and what you are saying. Laurie NZ
uncertainty (for me) was if the energy was the same as the mass-energy of a baseball or its 'usual' kinetic energy? turns out its the kinetic, at 28m/s.
the exotic voodoo particles are causing involution of the human amygdala.   it started when the sun turned white.
The mike is too close: I can hear a thudding sound when you stress vowels - very irritating. Not sure how you can correct this - maybe by using a screen in front of the microphone, I don't know.
If OMG particle should be coming from max 200M lightyears away, then for such a particle with 0.9999999999999999999999951c speed, the length contraction of 200M lightyears would be roughly 0.02 lightyear, which is equal to a little bit lesser than 2000 AU (20 times the distance of the most distant dwarf planet, Eris, in Kuiper Belt). This is roughly one light week.
Keep the mic 🎙️
OK, no-one's going to believe me, but I reckon that's what I saw late one night as I called for the cat to come in, about Nov 1999. Well, all I saw was like a tiny shower of hundreds of sparks hitting something physical like the house or shed or concrete path or clothesline. I could see nothing in the atmosphere but the moment (a split second) it was about 20cm from hitting something, it lit up and got brighter until it hit a surface. No sound. Never been able to get anyone explain it. Have emailed all sorts of university professors. It was like a tiny, tiny meteor shower in my back yard. I felt a little unsure if I should expose myself to these sparks but in all possibility I could have been hit as I held open the screen door. Never seen them before, not likely to again. They all came from the same direction (ESE), but as the picture showed, not like steady rain, just slightly haphazard. I live in Auckland, New Zealand. If anyone else has seen something like this, I might not feel like a crackpot!
Always a joy to watch your videos Anton. Thank you. 🙏
The more we know the more we realize we don't know
See this is the thing that bugs me about us humans - we still think that the only things that exist are visible/recognisable to us. If we can’t see or measure you, then you don’t exist. ie you’re empty space.   It’s possible that The Void is not truly relatively empty - it is simply empty to us, our instruments and our nomenclature. Perhaps that Void is not empty, it’s a 6th or 7th dimension universe. Then we wouldn’t even be able to register what is in there, or even going on at least not until we figure out to make that one out, if it is indeed possible.
The Cosmic Lords quantum eye blinks send forth messenger particles, heralding the arrival of the Master in the Void! Bow down ye puny worms, bow down!
The detector suffered an aneurysm.
I cant belive it chemicals are making the high energy particules gay
The question is do we need a cosmic baseball bat ⚾🧢
love your stuff.... Get rid of the mic.   :)
I had an old cheapass bluetooth speaker that was dropped and smashed the switchboard. I tried hundreds of times to turn it on and nothing, so I gave up on it and bought another. Two years later I get up in the morning make my coffee, turn on youtube and no sound from my phone, but I could hear the sound coming from the spare room whilst my replacement bluetooth is sitting on my table turned off. I followed the sound to spare room and dug through some junk to find old BT on and running perfectly ... I let it run till batteries died, recharged it  and have not been able to switch it on since. My only explanation is a bitflip😮
I noticed the stock video of the hot air balloon at 1:55 shows a balloon flying a Russian flag. Ukrainians and lovers of freedom and democracy aren’t fans of terrorist Russia these days. :-(
cant the particle come from a chinese satelite or something?
Maybe the void is not actually a void?
Now I wanna see Anton as a grumpy samurai.
If there's an unusual signal, you can be sure a human wants to investigate it. Hope there's something interesting behind this (and not overly existentialist/dangerous/knowledge :P)
Ah, the Void; interesting.
AMATERASUU!!
Aliens 😏
AMATERASU!!!
The microphone appears to interfere with connecting with you. Placing it close to your face  somehow is like a bug on the screen or a crack in the wrong spot on a windshield. Try placing it farther away from your face  bottom lft, rt, of frame. This pulls the mic out of the attention area. Sound wise, it's great. It looks like the mic is of good quality, and you definitely have skills for  relevant tech stuff. Thanks for being you. As a short for current information on what  the hell are we all doing flying around on earth. Learning  the most awesome    science mojo ever is inspiring.  Technology has allowed observations humans have never been scientifically capable of doing. Your channel helps me to further the awe very well and in a world overloaded by exponential computational analysis and data gathering on all web related connectivity with other companies you give an ethical clear and grounded normalcy which is currently not attainable to many people by how fast and how quietly  digital tech stuff has woven itself into all things. This is in the last 20 years through advancement in the sciences.  you're a big trusted help.
Bullet in the air goes farther than bullet in the water. So energy particle from void travels farther than energy particle travelling through the galactic medium
If The expected life span of the particle is 3 days then it should be gone in another billion years Earth years.
If one considers the size of the detector compared to the size of the planet, it is likely that we have been hit by many more of these particles.
you got me w that thing at the very end
"he was the first person ever to do something cool" couldnt help but laugh at that phrasing lol. everyone before him was ultra lame.
The simulation getting an update.
OMG 🤣 ooh la la !! Lol!!
That OMG particle might have come from the SpaceX rocket. It was a heck of a bang! The other lower powered particle probably came from the booster. It was also a heck of a bang. 2 out of 2 😄
lol Scientism is a silly religion.
Scientists:  Oh these must be created by blackholes, got it.   Universe: Sends 2nd most powerful ray via THE VOID.  Scientists:  -_-   Lmao love this mysterious universe always playing tricks xD
So I have been watching your videos for some time now and they had me fascinated. But why don't I see these huge discoveries reported anywhere else like on the news or TV etc. I thought these discoveries would make world wide news but no, I only find out this stuff on this channel.
It's an energy blast from an ancient space battle for sure!
Something had to have created that void, possibly a black hole so massive that entire galaxies are in orbit around it
Spontaneous combustion mystery solved
A little too much gain.
Maybe it came from behind the void??
Thanks Goku. Very shit.
The science lady who has a YouTube channel said we are going to be getting hit yesterday and today with solar flares- is this the same thing or different?
Be very specific whether it was a photon, ray, or particle? What device was used to detect it? When you are using a multichannel analyzer it has limits on its abilities to tune unless it is altered? We base our science on what we are taught to. Math does not lie for us because it is our math. In theory there are particles much more powerful than a baseball traveling at the speed of light if they interacted with matter. Just detecting them it would destroy your equipment for doing it, thats the true "GOD PARTICLE". Space is not a vacuum like we are taught, its a vast sea of electromagnetic fields we have yet to learn to harness, and plasma, you know, that pure energy source. The science we are teaching our children is shameful, and they will grow up and teach it to their kids. If we want to get off this rock learning to navigate energy feilds for propulsion or repulsion is required. Can a simple antenna charge a DC battery? You bet it can but we have been taught we have to have the electricity to do that.  The universe is electricity if you know how to harness it.
I too see it like a recent report our milky way is sitting  in a void.  To my calculation a big ball of gravity about 10^200 unit of basic structure  possible alike . Sun God namaste 🙏
I think I'll set up an experiment to mesure bit flips. (It will be a VERY long term experiment.)
Kakarot and Vegeta training in the void😂😂
That energy beam from The Void ... it's The Borg ... Be afraid, be very afraid!
Could this powerful cosmic rays not be produced by magnetars?
That Ameterasu at the end haha loved it!
Bro. i love you. i support you. but you either don't accurately parse what "definitely" means or you are being dogmatically ignorant of falsifiability and the limits of that with cosmology. Dark matter does not "definitely" exist and therefore you are making a pseudo-scientific claim when you say "this area definitely contains dark matter".  There are more examples of this in many of your videos where you use "definitely" about certain axiomatic assumptions. This word has has "definitely" attached itself to you and is sapping your credibility each time you use it. We need to be more accurate as science popularizers and keep our language humble, especially when the entire subject matter of your video was about things that "make no sense". Theories are theories, and cosmology is tenuous on much of this and is being constantly challenged by new data from new instruments. Please humble yourself in those claims lest you become the new "Electric Universe".
I bet its power level must have been over 9000.
The local void is such an annoying guy. He rang my doorbell today to bring me "happiness". What a pest.
This is pure bullshit in complex word form. This guy probably comes right out from the nasa, deception program. He dident prove a thing, during 15 minutes...
I’ve always wondered about the possibility of rogue black holes of assorted sizes getting catapulted out of galaxies by mergers, just floating out there occasionally crossing paths with other expelled material. Or perhaps larger black holes that instead of having galactic masses collect around them either shed it or have it drawn away by larger masses, as part of a process of failed clustering.
I think some highly evolved being of pure energy was playing a game (akin to baseball or cricket) out in The Local Void (i.e., it's backyard), flipped on its UHECR launcher accidentally at top speed, and launched a whizzbanger of a Cosmic ray, fouled it off, and it hit Earth. QED  ...or, yes, some mysterious dark matter/energy interaction.  Can't wait for science to figure this one out!  Thanks, wonderful person!
Is there a star of Bethlehem every 2000-ish years?... I'm not Christian but I find the old nativity story fascinating... All this stuff happened because the star signaled god was to take human form and become the king of men, any way it's all because star sighns
What about alien communication? Its coming from an unidentifiable source and it seems to not have a natural source?
Wouldn’t that be something if the OMG particle could fuel a Warp Drive engine spacecraft someday, at least a reason in Sci Fi😁
I remember as an undergrad doing the math and was astonished to find out that a single cosmic ray proton had been measured to have the KE equivalent to a major league baseball pitch  If i recall correctly, they thought that such high energy nucleons came from supernova events.
That thar "void" is what we call the Appalachia region of the local cluster. We wuz lightin off fire werks out yonder way. Sorry. Didn't think it would bother anyone out there. Don't get yer panties in a twist.  --Sincerely your alien neighbors.   P.S. You ain't gonna call the law on us are ya?
The galaxy is not collapsing in on itself because it is rotating.
dont those oh-my-god particles have ridicilously small collision cross sections? i didnt find anything yet, but they should have.
Hi Anton. First tank you for all of your amazing video about science and cosmologie.  For this video, it seem there is sotlmething inside theres voids, like something repeling all matters outside of there. It can be the white hole, or a other kind of comologic energie.   I read about the fact that all void expend with time. Even if we can see with our tools what they are inside theres voids, it make questioning what we know about univers
i chalk up random computer errors to cosmic rays
Could a highly advanced alien species use super high energy cosmic rays to spread life to other planets?  Or a way to scan space, a type of cosmic radar?  If those rays are quantum entangled when they hit stuff in space it may instantly tell them what is in space?
Another particule to pollute us! 🤦
It is a place JWST take a deep look into the void.
It could have been made from a rogue black hole? A black hole that has been tossed out from its galaxy? That could explain the energy and also why we won't see anything there.
comment
Thank you, Anton, for this fascinating news. We are bombarded so much by particles, they should be on the Weather Network!
What I got from this, is that Anton has seen Naruto :)
A charged cosmic ray of whatever energy passing through you itself would not do much damage. It would ionize atoms along a relatively narrow path and would only be slightly worse than a charged particle of more modest energy.  However, they don't reach us as they interact in the atmosphere before reaching the ground. The shower produced by these interactions would be more damaging than that from the particle by itself.
void sou enerdžetik
watcher pinging planet earth
Aliens? 😊
single event upset: cosmic rays changing bits in computer and causing random errors. varitasium channel actually made a video on this topic. Search for: "universe may be hostile to computers". or something like that
Anton, for fun. Can you put green tape on you're microphone-stand, and put on a green tshirt? That would be funny to see. Maybe you can put some green Hulk makeup on also, then we only see you're eyes and mouth, that would be hilarious.
Whoops, sorry my bad I flung that mofo, didn't know it would be such a big deal
Alien capital warship chilling in the local void: "Tag, you're it."
No it didn’t and no it’s not, Jesus you’re good at tricking the idiots
How can you determine direction, if the particles go through everything?  A lens doesn't work. Shielding to block directions you don't want also doesn't work. And you can't reflect them off a surface either.  Anyone?
Itachi tends to come out of nowhere
........................................AMATERASU!!!!  🤣
Hey Anton. Could the medical condition "exploding head syndrome" be caused by a neural synapse in the brain being hit by a Cosmic Ray setting off a cascade of random neural activity resulting in auditory and visual stimulation?
🙄🤔🤔🤨😀❤
I knew if I waited and just watched the whole episode before posting my question, Anton would answer. Question- much would magnitude fields effect the trajectory of the ultra powerful particles? Could they be way pointing through space. Looking like they coming from this region, when in fact are coming from that region. Question answered.  Thank you Anton.
The more we discover, we learn there’s much more we don’t know.
This all seems a bit too similar to the beginning of the movie Contact.
1:17 they detected a mesotron look that one up it's the most powerful atom in the universe
You content is cool. Now, trying to become a YouTuber isn’t.
Wow, I’ve never been in this part of YouTube before - how did I get here?
11 min 45 seconds - could it be that time dialation has hidden its origin? (as if the black hole or sun is in a different location now from when it was emitted?)
It was a missed shot from the particle beams on a super-dreadnaught space battleship, obviously. More seriously, perhaps these ultra-high energy particles come through the voids because they experience less interference than those that travel through more busy space and are robbed of their energy over time and space.
My moms' cooking tends to have erm, some adverse affects man 🥺😔  I dunno how she manages as she only using halogen cooker .. sorry man
I absolutely love that you have blown up mate. Been watching for a long time and you are getting better and better.
6:13 Nearest active blackhole. What is an active blackhole compared to an ??? blackhole? I don't know enough to ask the correct question.
Thankfully, an OMG partical passing through you wouldn't do much, as your body isn't good at stopping it, and thus would likely hardly interact at all. If it were to be stopped inside you, it would be catastrophic in a tiny area.   Particals don't like losing energy incrementally, so the more energy a particle has, the harder it is to stop or slow down, and thus harder to interact with at all. A really good thing in this case.
Nice mic. Worked well!
Curvature of space doesn't allow you to determine for certainty the direction of any physical phenomenon, either particle or electromagnetic.
See? Tin-foil hats do serve a purpose, or should I change mine to lead?
Voids are not empty. They're full of galaxies that vibrate at frequencies that are undetectable by our current technology
Anton and Roger Penrose are two public Astro physicists that I respect.  There is so much BS and hype among other astro-popularizeres   And Anton and Roger seem to disagree on major theories which is great.
I watched till last 2 seconds of video and he went amteramatsuuuuuuuuuuu thats funny i didnt get it till i thought of NARUUUTOOOOOO😂😂😂
They are bouncing off the universes edge and returning back into us 😊
I{ guess it's not really a void then is it lol
I think it hit my shoulder. hurts like a sob
The sci-fi nerd in me wants it to be a stray leftover from some war between clarktech powers faaaarrr off in the universe
Imagine being an alien living in one of the galaxies in the void
I stopped listening to you, Anton, when it was obvious you weren't following the science but we're following the consensus regarding the findings of JWST and its implications for the expanding universe theory/lambda CDM model.  It will be interesting if you crash your entire career because you lacked principles.  There was no big bang or at least there is no evidence to support the assertion of the Big bang theory.
Great video, thank you
Fun fact: Because of the insane speed this particle traveled at it experienced an extreme version of Einsteinian time dilation.   If this  particle originated from a distance of 1 billion light years, it would take approximately 1.5 days in the reference frame of the proton to travel that distance. i.e. if it was aware of the travel time, it was just a short trip before it hit out planet
Not just astronomers and astrophysicists are salivating. This is absolutely orgasmic to military people who would want to capture this and put it in a weapon to destroy "enemies" - unfortunately.
Nice video, thank you. Maybe these particles are in front of the light that just hasn't reached us yet. 160,000 or 200,000 light years is very far away.
I guess it's unavoidable if it's from a void!
Let's be real the guy who named this was a Naruto fan
Grasping at straw's, they are doing this stuff because they are scared people are on to their Ponzi Scheme and their con to keep control of people and steal their money is backfiring on them badly and they are afraid that people wilk push back and they will loose it all. They got greedy and thought their balls hung lower than they really do!
The particles travel close to light speed, but not AT light speed.  If there was an incident in that region, the light from that incident could have hit Earth long before there were telescopes to catch it.
Google's Gemini was hit by this cosmic ray. Was mentioned in their recent paper. Just an interesting fact I just learned:)
Is this how we get superpowers? I want to be able to manifest a fresh cup of tea whenever I realise the old one is empty.
It came from the black hole we are IN
Glad I waited til the end 😂
I didn’t get the questions wrong on my online exam, the bits were flipped by ultra high energy cosmic particles!
Has anyone seen my auxiliary god particle.
But I thought that, according to the IPCC, the sun activity was mysteriously driven by the CO2 in the earth atmosphere.
Lets Not Get Lost In The Maze..
"And he was the first person ever, to do something really cool."  So, he was the father of coolness.  Coolness did not exist before him.  Got it.
What if its an alien race sending energy past their edge of the observable universe using technology that can warp space time, so the energy could preserve itself better. Hopefully they get one back type deal.
Sophon.
I think i saw another video with same title a week back.
Hi Anton, long term fan of your content here. I'm just wondering how the GZK limit, which if I understand is based on interactions with the CMB, could affect other bosons, like maybe the UHECR in question? Basically I'm thinking it most be either a fundamental or composite boson. 🤔🤷‍♂️
Interesting,as always. Nothing to add. Just feeding the algorithm 😁
Always wonderful content we keep learning about our wonderful universe
Sounds like a great possibility for the "spark" that kicked off life perhaps???  Great Vid Anton as always.
Dark matter is the particles of  "space creation" as space continues to grow. Dark energy is the energy from "space creation" emmited by spotons, or the particles of space, as they are created. My theory took 30 years to develope and because I have no degree no one listens!!! YOUR LOSS.
Ah yes, Tiramisu 🍰
All those "voids" are where white holes live.
I think the mic placement was excellent audio quality improvement 😊
Maybe this is a weapon that was shot, missed and....
You're smoking too much weed.
UHECR... I propose the pronunciation of "uh-heck-r"
Aliens. Just alien kids playing with their toy ray-guns. Nothing to see here folks. Move along.
* "Gee *Zed* Kay"; 'Zed' from the Greek character "Zet'a".
Bro is getting buffed.
Susake Uchiha: Amaterasu! 🔥
Would these cosmic ray sources sterilize those galaxies?
QUESTION: DO ALL GALAXIES EVENTUALLY COLLAPSE IN UPON THEMSELVES?  a.  Modern science claims that 'gravity' is matter warping the fabric of spacetime. b.  There is a lot of matter in a galaxy which would put a huge dent in spacetime. c.  How could a galaxy not collapse in upon itself if space and time were warped to make it so? d.  Or, is modern science wrong as to what 'gravity' truly is? e.  And what exactly is 'space' that it can be warped? f.  And what exactly is 'time' that it can be warped?  g.  Modern science claims that from nubula clouds in this universe that new stars, planets, moons, solar systems and a new galaxy can form. h.  Modern science claims that nubula clouds come from supernova'd stars. i.  It must have been a huge star that supernova'd so as to be able to generate a nebula cloud large enough to generate more stars, planets, moons, solar systems and a new galaxy. j.  Or, is modern science wrong about how all nebula clouds form? k.  Is it at least possible that galaxies collapse in upon themselves, go supernova, thereby generating enough matter and energy so as to be able to generate new stars, planets, moons, solar systems and a new galaxy? l.  Galaxy -> Collapses in upon itself -> Supernova's -> Huge nebula cloud forms -> New galaxy eventually forms.  m.  Possibly been going on throughout all of eternity past, is going on today, and possibly will be going on throughout all of future eternity? n.  Possibly also why there are so many unanswered questions concerning the singular big bang theory, because the singular big bang theory is not really true? o.  The universe always existed in some form, never had a beginning, and might possibly never have an end?  No Creator necessary?  Is that even why in part some cling to a singular big bang theory so as to be able to still in part be able to justify a Creator God existing (which probably does not actually exist in actual reality)?  p.  Modern science claims that an expanding 'space' of this existence will end in a 'big freeze'.  But is it more correct that this existence will not end in a big freeze but just that galaxies and life just come and go in this eternal existence?  Life just has to find a way to stay alive in outer space with galaxies that come and go, otherwise life ends one day from something, including possibly a collapsing galaxy?
15:46 😂
CMBR:  (Cosmic Microwave Background Radiation):  Consider the following:  Per QED (Quantum Electro Dynamics, whereby 'em' interacts with the electrons in atoms and molecules) and QCD (Quantum Chromo Dynamics, whereby 'em' interacts with the nucleus of atoms), matter has to exist for 'em' to be given off by that matter.  What matter exists in outer space for that microwave 'em' to be seen by us?  And 'if' it were from when matter first came into existence during the fairy tale of the 'singular big bang', that 'em' should be long gone by now and should not even be able to be seen by us.  BB -> Matter and 'em' are created -> 'em' moves at the speed of light, matter moves more slowly -> (Billions of years go by) -> matter (and us) here ..........................................'em' long gone.  (And there is no matter 'out here' yet for any 'em' to come back to us via QED or QCD).
Superhero origin story: DNA damaged by ultra powerful cosmic rays.
😴... AMATERAASUUU!! 🫨
Thanks!
I always forget a ray is a wave and a particle depending how you look at it with different tools.
Love your vids
*It's dark matter with dark gravity pushing dark particles at dark light speeds. There. i just invented for 'astronomers' the required BS. to explain the failure of BBT*
anton my fav youtube scientific maggot :)) long time no see
*Whats wrong with your precious patchwork BBT theory not explaining this? haaa haa. Let me help you. Its dark matter with dark gravity pushing dark particles at dark light speeds... haa haa. There. i just invented for 'astronomers' the required BS.*
I'm not clear on why they're sure this thing seems to come from the void, rather than perhaps something *behind* the void? Like, from something we can't see that's much farther away, but along the same line.
You gotta love all the guessing going on to explain and validate the existing theories.
how come everything that amaze us?come from nowhere the wow signal came from a place where nothing is that came from outta nowhere what if something is tryna get in contact with us it could be life
Scientists are great at naming theoretical processes that cannot be confirmed while pretending they have reliable measurements they will never have.  Speed of light?  Red shift?  Etc.
Techno- signature?
1:30 I watch a lot of your videos and this was took me off guard so much 🤣🤣🤣
Somebody or something out there is asking for attention! A Buddha sent that out from his forehead to help enlighten planet Earth? It's a really big entity with a cosmic flashlight? Think outside of the box people... it's a way to space-time travel on the beam? It's a more logical and scientific explanation that excites astrophysicists, astronomers, and Isaac Asimov but makes the general population's mind wander, wondering if UT will win the national football title as they try to force their minds to be interested in higher thought.
"There is definitely dark matter in this location"? How do you "KNOW" that? Did you go and measure it?
Oh-my-God-Particle probably gets its insane energy from ET doing FTL travel or something weird like that.  Lol.
Could we have “run into” the particle rather than it traveling to us? Maybe our solar system is moving towards the local void?
I’ll be waiting for Tsukuyomi
Can this be what was in the News papers in Norway yesterday? It was rays all over the place, like pillars of lights between houses and mountains. They where standing still as a light saber
Oh ish, I thought he was trying to plunge a kitana in my back at the end there. Shoo!
Is it too powerful considering the Nullpunktenergie?
We should send the NCC-1701 to check the source of the ray ;)
A long time ago in a galaxy far far away, a moon sized space station called the Death Star fired its massive particle cannon on a rebel planet. At this point in time a stray  ultra high energy particle began a solitary journey across the universe to eventually pass through a sensor on the planet earth, where scientists observations of the detection motivated humankind to investigate this mysterious observation further, which eventually led to the.......
Respectfully Anton. There’s a guy in every jujitsu class that looks like you
Water insulates radiation
Shout into the void long enough and the local void will shout back.
This is also why most flight electronics are shielded specifically against muons to avoid sudden unexpected bit flips in their systems that could lead to false positives on various sensors etc. You can even set up an alcohol vapor chamber in a sealed glass container to visibly observe muon particles as they interact with the vapor and create visible streaks of light.
Better pray it's not a Sophon.
Maybe an intergalactic war happened in that void which wiped out most galaxies in the region and the particle reaching us was from a super weapon that did it 😈 jokes aside this was a very interesting video, I don’t comment often but thank you for the awesome content Anton!
Good!  I hope they keep zapping us until we become nice!
alien weapons of war obviously
Are the void areas maybe the leftovers of a blackhole that has spread out over time?
What if these particles are a byproduct of something that 'created' the void in the fist place? Yes, I know that's a far out there explanation but that's how my mind works sometimes...LOL.
The corruption of semiconductor memories and logic gates by cosmic rays has a specific name, it is called "bit flip". There are many recorded occurrences of bit flips...
Nothing concerning 'space' makes sense. To be expected when it is all bs. No space, no lightyears, no planets. It's all as real as Finding Nemo.
It came from the bug planet
Just a stray bullet from the war of the Hydra Supercluster with the Perseus-Pisces supercluster ;-)
I sense that we are again at the top of the Eiffel tower saying: "Ooh-la-la!"
Anyone else get a little worried by the name "Amaterasu"...
What I'm hearing is that we need to evolve to be able to FEED upon radiation!     Fortunately for me, I'm from New Jersey!  We got there LONG ago after this one missile silo on Route 539 caught fire and leaked plutonium... BUT WE ALL SURVIVED AND MUTATED INTO A NEW FORM:   The NJ Piney!     NOW NOTHING CAN STOP THE MONSTROUS POWER OF NEW JERSEY!!  MUWAH HA HA HA HA HA!
It came from a doorway into the ANTIVERSE!!  The universe of antimatter!  Which can only mean... OMEGA IS TRYING TO ESCAPE!!  Someone call the Doctor!   (Doctor, "What are Omega's pronouns?")   Ehhhhhh, on second thought, we got this ourselves.
Do we need to build a Larger Hadron Collider?😂
Would it be possible to have come from further away if it had less stuff to collide with in the local void?
For all of my Naruto nerds, this is just Sasuke fighting otsutsukis in another dimension. Just some light sparing 😊
Love the new look. Thanks for your work, Anton. I hope you’re doing well.
15:45 hahahahaha  I left the video goin and suddently this LOL
Amaterasu? Sasuke! what did you do?
It was third, not second. Like it said on wiki "Previously reported extremely high-energy cosmic ray events include a 320 EeV particle in 1991[5] (Oh-My-God particle), a 213 EeV particle in 1993[6][7] and a 280 EeV particle in 2001.[8] This makes the Amaterasu particle the third most powerful cosmic ray to have been detected."
Maybe the iron particles are disturbed in thier path by magnetic fields, possibly intra - and intergalactic fields, stellar fields, and planetary fields.
Amaterasuuuu!!!
It's aliens.
We'll have to rename it the Fripp or OMF particle. Since Robert Fripp is god then it must've come form him.
Ameterasu!!!
maybe there are "cosmic currents" where the ubr is lessened and can help guide theses particles.
I can neither confirm nor deny that these are coming from central vortex eyes of massive magnetic fields, possibly as large scale as the accretion disc of the universe itself.
Ooh, La, La!
Why can we not collect these rays to generate power if there's so many and are so dangerous. There were ones made fun of for the theory of cosmic rays how funny it is now
to be clear, it did not just hit earth. That's Clickbait and has no room in this kind of programming.
Could it be as simple as particles colliding at the black hole and "bouncing back" at us?
oh lalala this is so cool XD
13:00 Wonder what's there..
Sorry guys, that was me.        Joking aside, if only that made my bank account skyrocket.
Love the mic Anton! Been watching daily for years! Thanks for the space news/information king!
The Black Galaxy? ....call Thor.
I'm sure the guys who named this particle were anime fans to some extent lol.
When you said it came from nowhere in empty space. My first thought is from a white hole if those exist or a black hole ejecting out the light from stars it sucked in? Thoughts Anton?
The Kamehameha particle
I'm still trying to obtain Amaterasu in Isekai Slow Life... it's very slow going.
It's weird there's all these boundaries that protect us.  Now the Heliosphere protects us from comsic rays?  Amazing.
Is the microphone installed for automatic translation??
0:54 aliens hiding the region of space and other aliens wont ever bother you. "oh theres nothing there... makes sense, space big" aliens noticed us and was like "sup g"
Damn, even the Void is out to get us!
That's a stray projectile from an alien particle weapon 💯😂
Listening to this at 2x speed is still too slow. YouTube: Please allow up to 3x speedup!
Once again nature, the Universe... shows us how small, insignificant we are and perhaps we still don't want to accept that what we think we know... is actually just our arrogance. We are convinced that we already have many answers, thanks to theories (considered untouchable), yet from time to time we are left open-mouthed watching things we do not understand. And we don't admit it... that we are small, fortunate that this planet is (hosting) us and that everything around, outside this planet, we have only many questions and zero answers, except those that we have convinced ourselves (thanks to theories) that surely the explanation is just around the corner... I continue to think that this planet... is a privilege that it still exists... but we can't continue to lie to ourselves. It's like a very fine thread of wool... it's only a matter of time... and space.
Danke!
Everyday I keep finding unidentified particles in the corner of my eye, supposedly left by the "Sandman."   I don't think I'd classify it as a OMG particle.
We love you wonderful person!  Mic or not you always make the difficult to understand somehow understandable.
thunderbolts
I’m glad I waited until the very end 😂
So we don’t know exactly what kind of particle it was?  I’m wondering, if someone got directly hit by a stream of let’s say a trillion of Amateratsu particles, would they experience effects similar to being irradiated with gamma rays for example or would they be more dramatic?
What a lot of astrologists and scientists dont seem to realize is that the more they learn, the more confused they'll be. There's simply too much out there for our little brains and measly 5 senses to comprehend. I've seen things that i know mankind will never understand. The smarter you are, the more you realize your ignorance .
its from alien ships jumping in and out of hyperspace :D
I don't want to sound crazy (but I will anyway): has anyone thought to look for information in these ultra-high-energy, single-particle events? cough three body problem cough I would bet that no competent scientist worth his grant applications would ever touch such a topic, because it seems even more fringe than SETI.
8:18  You Hookers!? Lolololol...
U-la-la the new microphone is cool, please keep on using it in future.
That ending😂
Scared the hell out of me, listening to the trance music, suddenly a wonderful person shouting  天照 (Amaterasu) at 15:45 :D
I often wonder if the entire universe is getting sucked into a gigantic black hole. As we circle the drain we gradually accelerate inwards. Finally we go into the anomaly, probably for our energy to get shot out the other side with unimaginable force to eventually collapse into matter at a distance and fall back in again.
The extremely powerful radiation is a by-product of illudium phosdex - simple and obvious
Natarasu?
Oh god, I hope the new mic’ doesn’t lead to hand waving for low attention span  Americans.
"Oo-la-la, this is so cool!"  Your French accent is spot on!  🙂
Amaterasùuuu
Amaterasu hhhhh uchiha Itachi did that years ago
The Sun's electric field plays a big part in this. We live in an Electric Universe⚡
Woow thanks you are alive and speaking. I thought people in this field of knowledge were extinct
Fast moving particles... A topic with an odd twist... The faster a particle moves the more likely it is to make it through a human body before it slows down enough to dump the majority of it energy in radiation. It does not dump the majority when it stops but in a curve that is sharp before the end, then drops of hard on the last short leg of slowing down.. There is a name for it something Point..? It's slipped my mind at present...  There was a guy in Russia that.. accidentally ended up in a room where a particle accelerator beam passed through,  there was an issues with the safties that warned people not to go in, or some such. The room was active, as in a beam was passing through it... The particle passed right through his head... It was powerful enough that if the body could have slowed it down enough,  he would have died instantly. Instead he was left with radiation damage and joined  a special group that had lived with such radiation issues...  So maybe you'd a fair bit of damage from am OMG particle, but I;d hate to guess at how much.
My laptop had a blue-screen-bios-boot-error-bollocks last night. I blame the universe. Dick owes me money.
Lose the microphone, it's a distraction.
Is clear that empty space do not exist !
Naruto and the universe mixing together I love it !
dark matter black hole. or.. aliens (ofc).
i wouldnt have noticed the mic. mics are like arms to me theyre just there.
Voids provide an easy material for the penetration of excessive energy from other, synchronisis universe's and "dimensions'..Harmonic resonance
Maybe the limit is real, but a supermassive black hole somewhere behind the void accelerated it again AND, slingshotted it in our direction, like our spaceships use the gravity of planets to slingshot and change direction but occurring naturally
These videos are made to brainwash sheep for not to understamd they are desroying us with EM weapons.
Uuuu, sun god, satanism, jesuits. They always have to give you hints who they serve.
Hate to be that guy but.....ALIENS!?!?!?! WHY ARE ALIENS COMING HERE!?!?! Hopefully they aren't probing us lol I hope it's just exhaust from their engines and they are goin the opposite way. I just realized ALIENS coming to earth is gonna be terrifying no matter what. My gut feeling usually laughs at all the possible alien stuff and evidence. I'm a total non believer btw but i don't like this particle thing. my gut feeling is hitting so hard I feel sick.   There are too many coincidences. This is set up for a reveal. How is the most energetic particle coming from the least energetic area? Wait is This a basic logic test from aliens?....... never mind im not scared of you Alien Sirs, come take me now please. I'll be the first to accept them 🙏 the combination of the two extremes of the spectrum existing at the same time and same place should tell us this was planned and purposeful
I truly believe that the Scientific community is being held back full force. I detected this 7 years ago on Mars.
May be they are sophons
"It's basically like having this tiny particle shoot through you at ridiculous velocities." Not just "like" what is happening. That is actually literally what is happening.
Can this be simply explained with black hole whose jet is pointing toward us ?
Victor Hess was Austrian, not German. He spoke German, but he was born in Austria, lived most of his life there before migrating to the US.
Could time uncouple from  mass?  Could those voids in the universe hold lots of strange matter?   🇦🇺🤜🏼🤛🏼😎🍀
amaterasu from wildhearts STRIKES AGAIN.... for fuk sakes man... its been 2 weeks since i first encountered him.... ive avoid fighting him all week by not playing.... now he strikes from space ????? holy fuuuuk
Does anyone really believe IBM when they say their RAM faults are due to cosmic rays?  If so, would you like to buy a bridge?
I had already accepted that there would be no naruto references by the time the credits rolled in. But you didnt let me down anton xD that made my day!! Thank you ahahah
Hess was Austrian.
That Mic is breaking physics...
thank you Liked and shared as always
WAKE UP HONEY NEW ANTON VIDEOOO! I know nothing about physics but i'm so glad Anton keeps my inner astronomer/physicist happy
Thanks!
If it passed through a void it could potentially last much longer than 200 Myr
THIS EXPLAINS EVERYTHING! I'm always told I don't make sense....
Could the sun's magnetic field, hemisphere,  or heliopause have something to do with weaker ones not being detected more than high energy ones?
Aliens are so real
Ming the Merciless death ray mark 1
Amaterasu is a goddess
CALET detects CR electrons up to about TeV energy, which is about a million times less than the Amaterasu particle you sre talking about. UHCRs are way to low in flux to have any chance to be detected directly, but are detected with ground based detectors that probe the airshowers the UHCRs create when impacting with the atmosphere.
New mic sounds great. Like the new backdrop too.
With all due respect, it was easier to listen to you a couple of years ago, with your natural voice and without this sort of "americanization" of your tone at the end of sentences, which seems a bit forced/fake. I love your work though.
Wonder if that’s what causes Spontaneous Combustion
Apollo era astronauts who went beyond low earth orbit, outside of the earth’s magnetosphere, would occasionally see flashes of white light even when their eyes were closed.  It’s thought that cosmic rays were passing through their eyes or optic nerves.
You always challenge my assumptions. Thank you What if? We've known for about 45 years now that something when accelerated beyond the speed of light travels a reverse time dilation in the same rate one over the velocity squared I think is right, off the top of my head but what if?what ida particle of subatomic or of no mass(?) We're to lise some of its energy and suddenly wasn't traveling at a velocity faster than the speed of light. Would it not appear as if it appeared out of thin nothingness of a void? Food for thought...
Named after the Black Fire that burns everything Technique
Very interesting! How do iron cosmic rays differ from all the others?
The energy blast was probably the death of some lingering remenent being devoured by an unprecedented black hole that ate everything in the local void and their's nothing left to light it up. I imagine it to be like half the size of our galaxy...I'm just grasping straws...lol. then imagine a monster like that in each void...I doubt physics would allow for such a massive object.
Love the new set up Anton 🎉🎉
Hi Anton, You need to use the low frequency roll off switch on you new SM7
Hi Anton.  I did not notice any difference in the sound.  It is always good.
15:44 is the real content here
Its all fun and games until we realize they’re particles being shot from a black hole and we get kamehamehad out of existence with the movement of a single degree from a spacedisk
5:09 hey man, tell the cosmos to leave my bits alone
Hello wonderful ppl! One question i have for quite a long time is about Dyson swarms and the resulting shrinkage of the heliosphere. Would that negatively afect the solar system? For once in those years i think i have a yes!....?
Is it possible magnetars or kilanovae could produce some of these? Or perhaps if a low-velocity cosmic ray happens to pass really close to an intermediate-mass black hole and get an extreme speed-boost from it?
"Planets" 🤦🤣🤦 Decieving Jew Kunst!
The local void is a void because of a verrry successfull black hole, swallowing just everything :). Of course i am kidding. Actually, it's aliens. Surprised nobody noticed that before.
Pmfsl At The Jesuit/Hebrew Bollox & Propaganda....Gtfooh!
And are we to understand that these particles along with cosmic rays in general are not included in IPCC’s calculations and modelling?
O la la, this is so cool
Never calling it amaterasu, weeb nonsense has no place in astrophysics
I find your videos hit and miss, whether that's because of my tastes or your particular qualities. However, I always greatly appreciate the way you use simple language, and the way you always offer multiple explanations/analogies for the concepts you're trying to portray. Your grasp of the English language is something to be applauded.
Anton, the sound of your voice is much better now, it’s nice 😊
Aliens.
Thank you for your continuous great videos! Love how you present this information in a way that even a layman can grasp the concept.   Please continue this great work
"Maturasu!" on the end is the best 👍
Thanks for another eye opening few of the cosmos. We may never know all it contains and/or does. Good thing we have you to fill us in, Anton.
Particle weapon?  :3
THE ENDING HAHAHA. Exactly what I was thinking the entire time. LOVE IT.
I also immediately thought dark matter annihilation. This is a really exciting detection if that's the case
An idea I postulated at university is that, the expansion of the universe is not one expansion, but many expansions colliding. And these "voids" are expanding energy fields and galaxies are the results of collisions between those expanding fields.  Part of the idea is that the collisions happen at velocities fast enough to result in time dilation and space contraction, to the point particles form. This means there was no "initial" big bang, explains why galaxies rotate the way they do, and solves a lot of other problems with the current theories. Unfortunately, im struggling to develope a mathmatical model as my math skills need some polishing. The idea is solid, but probably wrong.
The most exciting thing about living in this time _now_ is that the kinds of discoveries happening now are exactly the kind of breakthroughs needed for new science that develops every time a new era of physics is ushered in. In my totally unscientific opinion, I feel like we're coming upon a time of dramatic re-realization in the cosmology/physics communities.  EDIT: I was not expecting that ending lmao 😂
I feel bad. That particle had been traveling for so long and now we caught it.
A good few years have gone by Anton and your daily updates are just as refreshing. Well done. Especially on your consistency and content. Here's hoping you get to the same for many more years to come although I'd understand if you felt like some time to yourself.
OMG! Did the Earth survive?
Hello wonderful Anton
What stops us from thinking is a short burst of a rogue planet swallowed by a small black hole in our nearby void? The event horizon of a small black hole is making it impossible to be detected...
A source of such magnitued in either of the two super massive black holes mentioned would surely have been noticed in the course of recent intense research in these area. The description of the particles as being of multiple elements suggests to me that it might be remnants of a distant supernova but that would not explain the extreme velocity. What we are looking for is some kind of accelerator such as that created in astro physical jets.
This is all just speculation, but I think dark matter or dark energy has a lot of weight in these events. If the limit of how far these cosmic rays can travel involves the cosmic microwave background radiation, and dark matter is seemingly invisible to electromagnetic radiation, then it would make sense why these particles manage to maintain such high energy. We also know that dark energy accelerates the expansion of the universe, but what if there's some mechanism where it could accelerate dark matter particles?
Is this an information exchange from another planet ?  obviously from the void, is this the key of an intelligent message ?
Anton, why add a new mic when the previous one worked as good. If it was up to me, I would go back to the previous mic. This mic doesn't fit your content. Don't try to be an entertainment youtuber or a podcast. Keep doing your thing as before.  And if it was really up to me, I would actually throw this Shure mic in the dumpster.
This was a great video Anton. Loved the format, loved the topic, very well done!
Seems to me, some alien needs to change their cosmic ray Catalytic converter on their spaceship, seems to be producing extra emissions.
I’ve been thinking for awhile that with the improvement in detection technologies might we keep finding more and more, smaller and smaller. To the point that we may all exist in a soup of the finest and less impactful sub-atomic particles. So inconsequential in fact they effectively exist outside our observable limits. This is much of the unknown or unattributed mass within the universe. Perhaps a matrix of these particles that seem to interact only slightly when in sufficient proximity or concentration. If enough of these particles in this matrix hit just the right circuit Pop! An observable particle is created. If concentrations are sufficient their collective creation causes a reaction, a pull or push, perhaps rarely these are created in such concentration that some are expelled and repelled as the matrix continues to bind and pop. Like lightning flashing and fractal points of energy seemingly move to connect and discharge. Like a breeder reactor but the fuel is this intense and dense cluster of unobservable micro-atomic particles.  When we think of the bubble we’re in, created by the solar wind, it creates an outward radiating current of energy. At some point it will encounter another bubble, and galaxies are within their own bubble, with all the constituent stars in their own bubble. Held in place by gravity but also the subtle back-pressure that all the bubbles exert to keep them all in space. Like single-celled organisms floating in water.  The dark matter is all the micro-atomic particles that are pushed there by various stellar bodies, galaxies or clusters. The voids are created by the pressure of all the solar wind, cosmic rays being created. The pressure causes them to coalesce and form into that inherent key that creates a sub-atomic particle. Like the scum on a pool of water, that begins to create a film, and then some algae will accumulate on it, and then a visible colony of algae. If sources of water came in from all sides you would expect to find it in the middle, the figurative balance point between all the ripples, and the flow of inherent current instilled by the water flowing in. Also how atoms are formed or combined. There is little observable delay in the various particles getting into position. The creation of sub-atomic particles from within the voids could be just as quick and automatic based upon what matrixes form. Interaction, forming so closely they violently force the other particle aside. The rules about where they can be within the matrix cannot be broken.
Alien forgot to take the tin foil off their lunch before putting it in microwave = we get zapped with alien lunch rays
15:46 😂😂😂😂 what was that?
>Anton brings back Dreaming Blue by Sextile as his outro music  Infinitely based. That's my most favourite outro music ever.
suspicious
Fun Fact: Google Gemini supposedly was delayed by "cosmic rays". They've mentioned this in their paper about Gemini. Funny that you've posted this video right in time.. 😄
Black holes, black holes black holes. When you repeat that enough you will get to a stage of mind which also resembles a black hole. They seem to hold the answer to everything and have the meaning of nothing. It really is time to ditch the black hole hypothesis.
AMATERAZUUU!!! hahaha
OMG Anton don't scare me like that!
AMATERASU
I love all the educational stuff you rock comrade LOL intelligence and educating ourselves brings us past any labels they want to impose.  Truly respect and love what you do brother  keep it up !
thanks for that laugh at the end! hahaha
In layman's terms... they detected something that they can't explain.
maybe it was so powerfull coming through the local void, because nothing in the void distracted or dispersed it
Ofcourse when we ad more and more less thentional conditions in eurtley infiormend and we are behind the resistance of the directional feildflow of graventational countering of trayans (less thentional diverentionals displacements towart eurths cohesion togheter we willen ged onley more and more omg readings🥳🥰🥳   Are we that blind for cosmic realety👀😍🛸😍👀  I most probeble  can eaven show people tomorrow our the next day as cristal clear whay the neptunian behavieures ar the whay they are🎁😍🎁   Like the troyans countering in to feildflow to resist part of thentional diverentional displacemends like I do with the water and whayght to chaince the air thentional directional feildflow behavieures to lower resistance on the whaight our water for it to rise a litle more do to a lag of airthention😍  Than there is more room for bicker desequenisation behavieures in to behavieures of omg particles🥰🦬
Google have just released a paper regarding the training of Gemini, their super-AI and they mention in the paper that its release was delayed, at least partly, due to cosmic ray events.
ooh la la this is so cool 😄
Hey Anton it was obviously the result o& the annihilation of the Death Star!!!! Thanks for your brilliant videos😂
Much better presentation!  Bravo!
It's obviously a mapping pulse from a dark matter test agent for our local universe instance's test system manager.
😂 haha!! The very very end made me lol
Posting a random comment....  FOR THE ALGORITHM!!!! ❤
I like the new look
AMATERASU! 🤣👍🍻
A "ridiculous velocity" is never higher than the speed of light, so it does not matter whether the particles is a few GeV or many many EeV. If it hits you, it passes through your body as if it would be empty. So, do not be to much concerned.
'If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss also gazes into you.'
Within the past week , a solar storm hit   earth .   The emissions from that , affected wildlife , and people , plus electronics .   The effects on people , were such that the more sensitive in the community , being in pain for the period   -  nothing really alleviates the discomfort , which can be annoying , when prescriptions are witheld , no matter the reason as it's not in dispensing rules .
What if... it is a message...
Wouldn't the trajectory of Iron from cosmic rays be influenced by the various magnetic fields it passes through? Not so much in velocity but certainly direction.
Darkness turning to Light ...
The more we learn, the more we realize we don't know.
As a naruto fan I appreciate the name Amaterasu. Scientists definitely watching anime
Imagine that particle hitting your freshly made cereal bowl... splash! Ruined morning :) Also thanks for making videos, learned a lot from you over the years, and today I subbed.
Point JWST at the void and take a look
Have you ever thought to consider we are in the multiverse and Thanos has not died?
badass name for a particle hehe
244 exa?  that's almost a quarter the nexa.    these science types, running out of names for their numbers. 😆 you don't gotta dodidodecohedron us or pitch it in baseballs.  okay it's a lot.  it's even more than that.  a lot more than that?  okay, whatever you say.   jigga is bigger
I wish the JWST would start studying the voids especially bootes void and the few dozen galaxies that occupy it !
What i find interesting is how literally everything is just data. You, me, the sun, sub-atomic particles. Just data. Everything.
THERE IS SUCH THING AS DARK MATTER, AS PEDDLED BY THE MONEY GRABBING DOGMA BRIGADE.
Oh la la, this is so cool
It was aliens!!
1.28
Microphone is doing an amazing job. What I hear, though, includes room reverberation and mouth sounds. It's great so far as realism, but maybe move it back a couple inches or add a windscreen?
These UHECRs are probably spaceships dropping out of warp speed pointing directly at us.
Seems we need a lot more detectors scattered around earth to construct a probability distribution of cosmic rays.
I feel so excited for so many mysteries discovered in physics these years. It's like we are at the edge of a whole new branch of physics similar to the quantum revolution in the early 20th century.
I really liked your experiment in new ways of making videos. If I may give you some advice, it would be a good thing to see how those "main stream" youtubers adapt that format of making videos to be more "algorithm friendly". By doing so you would be able to get your amazing science content to an even bigger audience.  For example: using the microphone from the top to the bottom not the other way around, and also focusing more in your chest up to your head in the frame  It would make your videos visually more similar to the "younger gamers streamers" that the algorithm like  If you want it, I can give some links for you to get some inspiration
When a subatomic particle is more famous than you
amaterasu?  i know where it came from.
These omg particles are just kids getting their physics problems wrong
Boöther I want voöid
Maybe something that can cause an event like this might also be able to cause the surrounding space to be “more empty”…..
It's amazing to me Amaterasu to suddenly hear her name in this video. From the Japanese Shinto religion, Amaterasu became an important element in a soft sci-fi trilogy I wrote I'm yet to publish somewhere, maybe with Kindle Direct Publishing, a digital self-publishing platform. So it's interesting to hear her name suddenly now being used in science! Synchronicity! Thanks too Anton for your many interesting videos!
Who knows? Maybe we will one day look in a certain direction at something and receive particles at the same time which could at least help us hone a narrower window.
Great video Anton. Clear and informative as always. Hope your well.
Nice Microphone. It is designed for close range sound, far away sounds are muted very well.
That jumpscare at the end really got me, I was counting money late at night by myself and thought the video was over 🤣
So, from something beyond the observable universe?  It released before it got too just too far ?
Impossible- particles don’t exist! It’s All fields. Jesuit/ there you go. Don’t believe everything.
It’s obvious anti-matter experiences anti-gravity (But that’s above top secret because it hints at how UFO’s work) so when equal amounts of matter & anti-matter were created during Big Bang, antimatter doesn’t take part in Solar Nuclear Synthesis of higher elements, remaining as hydrogen plasma. This then is repelled into the cosmic voids, leaving matter to form the denser strands of galaxies that thread the Cosmos!
So amaterasu for UHECR huh? Waiting for discovery of black hole heading for earth to be named yamero. All those pesky weebs doing astronomy and watching anime during long lonely nights is my theory.  Thanks for your contet Anton!
Im an in home cable tech. Every time theres a big solar storm, i see whole bldgs where all the tvs are dead. The power grid gets messed up and burns out the newer modems.  Al kinds of issues
lol 😂 I totally wasn’t expecting that AMATERASU at the very end of the video. Immediately reminded me of Sasuke from Naruto. Thank you for sharing all this space knowledge with us Anton, you’re one of my favorite channels I watch daily. I hope you enjoy the holidays with your family! ❤
Anton mentions Amaterasu but no mention of Itachi.  Hmm
For what it's worth, I'm not a fan of the microphone being visible. It's distracting and unnecessary. The audio in your previous videos was just fine. When there's no microphone, I feel like I'm watching a friend talking to me and sharing information. Seeing the microphone cancels this feeling and imposes a barrier, instilling a sense of remoteness & technicality between you and the viewer.  (None of this will prevent me from watching your wonderful videos, however). 😁
well, voids aren’t totally empty, pretty sure JWST will find something if it stares long enough at the point of origin…
Hi Anton 👋😁 What did you say at the end of the video ? Tiramisu?
Damn sophons…
But you need a mangekyou sharingan to produce an amaterasu
LOL the ending 🤣
Question:    The idea that the particle could not be bent because it is so powerful.   Does that assume this is a proton with a charge of 1?       Would that same conclusion still hold if it were say an iron nucleus with a charge of 26?   What is it was even larger with a charge higher charge?
S0 much power i am become IMMORTAL
Omg! This Capri.. Waiting for news on big inheritance, waiting for legal clearance on it. I work w numerous amazing refugee families, am 'grandma' to 35❤amazing grand kids! One family that I'm particularly fond of, has 2 fantastic little girls & baby 3, another girl is due any time soon! I am over the moon! Between this and my other families, my maternal instinct Empress is filled w Joy. When my inheritance comes, I will make so many lives better in so many ways incl my furry friends at Humane Society. I see my King and Queen of Pentacles in full action. Hope  the Legal agreement shows up soon! I have Venus in Sag in natal chart so my chart looks really promising, finally! Thanks for yr uplifting, inspiring readings. We all need hope these days🎉
I think they should name it, the Petrov Particle !!!!!! Rock on Anton.
Zip-Zap! . . .  ? wow. I didn't even get an eyeball flash! DO it again!
💜💫Gratitude💫💜
if something come from a large void then it will gain energy from gravity over a long time as it moves towards mass.. ie us. Maybe this is why the energy was so high.
Amaterasuuuu
We ARE being attacked. . .
Thanks.  Since we don't seem to have any real ideas of how this is happening or where or why, we're forced to take the naive view & question everything.  In science, that's good.  It leaves us with a universe of possibilities to explore.  One of those is: can we really say that it's getting its energy from an origin point, & not somewhere in between (or even from our own environs)?  Not yet.       tavi.
I farted into a black hole this was the result , my bad
Matarassu!!!! 😅
Your audio sounds just as good as it did before the visible mic.
I need to read about gzk and that probably invalidates this question but is there a possibility of some sort of miniscul chance that environmental factors allow some to accelerate that fast.  Maybe they are true outliers
Not to  Scare-Monger , BUT , this  could be an , as yet unseen , Warmonger Species . Inbound and Already SHOOTING . Range-finding . 🤣 .
I know even less than nothing, so this is a very ignorant question with perhaps an an obvious answer, but what would a majority-dark matter accretion disk “look” like, if anything? Could some of these things be ejected from a thing like that? Could we even know?
I once received 4 pinpricks, 2 on opposite sides of my body, and two on opposite sides of one leg, and all four lined up in a straight line. I could see NO other explanation besides such a particle - and maybe now it is believable to others. I wonder if others have experienced such things.
AMATERASUUUU
HP Lovecraft: _The Color Out Of Space_
You are a beautiful guy Anton! Thanks for keeping us updated. ❤ 🎉
What I think is happening with these cosmic rays to make them so powerful is due to a type of lensing.  For example if there are undetectable smaller black holes in close enough proximity to each other that in a sweet spot between them cosmic rays came escape.  Meaning that they are pulled and accelerated from the side away from us in toward the black holes and then exit at that sweet spot at a higher rate of speed and energy.  Much like how a fresnel lens works.  Thanks for this video Anton!  I very much like this kind of thought experiment.
I figure one of these would plow through you like particles plow through a cloud chamber.
Amaterasu huh, was the particles last name Uchiha?
Ming.
So sun weakening lets in mote cosmic rays, and cosmic rays are known to increase cloud formation. Correct ?
Maybe the void was caused by the omg particles
so from something so far away we cant see it, or a black hole.
Anton, love the microphone setup. It makes you look like a pro
Cooool
It’s a God’s particle
Now we need to find a way to harness the power.
The good old Anti gravitational Levitating microphone Anton, it’s so appropriate.
Wow I didn't realize the flash on my camera was so powerful. It travelled so far.
What if... aliens. 👽
Feels like its easier to understand you in this one. Love being able to come dig into stuff like this. Thank you for your work, wonderful person.
Immediately struck me, not a cosmic ray, with the OMG level events at 320+ exa-eV levels of non-quanta particles but ionic protons, could as in welling of quantum charges be exhibiting something like spatial welling? Just spitballing here, it would be quite interesting to understand the sources as it must take very interesting events, specifically high density matter with massive gravitational fields to eject massed particles/atoms out the end of this atomic cannon of sorts. Two black holes in orthogonal orbits or equidistant from a magnetar, the magnetar being super massive and spiraling rapidly. I have to think about this a bit, just curious and speculative...nothing more.
Electric/Plasma Universe people so smug 😏
Why have all your recent videos made me want to "dehydrate?"
Good to see you back and healthy.   Cheers from the Pacific West Coast of Canada.
It's not possible to determine the origin of charged cosmic rays as they are deflected by galactic magnetic fields.
i think they should name them after baseball pitchers.
Maybe it's another civilization messing with us by hitting us with random particles 😂😂
Great video, thanks!
That was just a targeting system of an alien weapon.
Thank you Anton. 🙂
Any info on the iron particles being affected by magnetics?  Does this incorporate to a type of magnetic coriolis effect at that level? Thank you as always!
Messages from abiens
Alian particle weapon "ricochet" from the Culture and the Idirans ;)
(silly) question from a non- physicist: would expanding space have had any effect on this particle - it could have originated beyond the Void..?
Cosmic rays cause genetic anomalies?
Sci-fi thinkers are looking at those voids thinking all the stars in those areas are consumed by Dyson spheres!
I'm not a gambling man, but my money is on particles engaging in a gravitational slingshot maneuver using a black hole we simply haven't yet noticed inside the void xD  we have particles (with mass) with a velocity higher than is anticipated from even the most extreme events in the universe, coming from the direction of an enormous void with almost nothing in it.   said enormous void is mostly devoid of matter from which we might detect the effects of any black holes that could be there. Unless we get lucky with some lensing of something from beyond the void...  not a lot of evidence, but im sticking with my bet =P
Much better audio. Appreciate the content too. Always super informative and interesting. 🏆
tiramisu?
What 🤯
Great video. These are very cool particles and interesting theories of their origin. Perhaps the cosmic rays in the peta, exa, and above ranges passing through people can finally provide an explanation for the mysterious phenomenon of spontaneous human combustion :)
Ancient Alien war resulting in many misses that occasionally hit earth 🫡
Voice sounds good with the new microphone. I have always wondered if the low contrast of yourself is on purpose. I am guessing it is to set yourself apart from all of the background videos which typically have normal contrast.
Something you SHOULD try is a script, trying to stick to it, mastering the English language, and not having to to stitch together 5 second increments to make a video. If i want to watch a video, seriously i have to listen to it and miss the animations/videos. The amount of jump cuts reminds me of watching a Max Headroom video. SURELY, Anton, you can string together more than 10 words without fucking up the script.
Local void casually firing particle accelerator guns at us
Everything thing we all see is alive.
Wonder if any of these particles are the result of a slingshot maneuver near a black hole or  alike ?
😂 the very last second of the video is the best!  Amaterasu! 😆
WOULD THE 4TH DIMENSIONAL ENTITIES PLEASE POLICE THEIR HIGH ENERGY EMISSIONS! SAVAGES!
Is anyone modeling the shape of the voids?  Are the voids shifting, expanding, or collapsing? Maybe 200 million years ago there was something in the location the particle came from that moved or vanished.
Of course it did. The void allowed it to travel unimpeded. No collision = continued propagation. Out beyond the void is more stuff like Galaxy's, super clusters etc.
they named it after naruto!!!
I think some perspective is needed here.  50 exaelecteonvolts, which is considered in the realm of ultra-high-energy cosmic rays (5E19) is around 8 joules.    The amount of work done (energy required) to lift eight 100-g apples to a height of 1 meter greater than their starting point is also ~ 8 J.
Can we ever collect and use this engery since it is in the ultahigh range ?
I really do think all these unique safe guards we have around the planet is just coincidence.
Braking thrust from incoming aliens
IT WAS HYDRA !
When I was in college in the early 60’s, one of my profs flew cosmic ray balloons in Central America…
Oh oh. This is a weapon from the three body problem series.
Aliens 👽
Anyone else ever experienced just sitting there minding your own business and suddenly a random, painful sting hits you on your body out of the blue? That's what this particle is. A random cosmic bee sting. 😂
OHH LALA 🇫🇷🥖
It's when the UAP turn off their warp drive. Particles which had contaminated the warp bubble are flung off at near light speed in the direction of travel.
audio sounds great!
Hello, wonderful youtuber.
Your the best thankyou sharing is caring together stronger thive ❤️🌎👀
You can disguise it as the hubble and canadarm.   your new mic.😄
hmm watching youtube in a private tab and a regular tab is taking some getting used to.
thank god it didn't slam into Uranus
Hey Anton , I just want to say thank you and I appreciate you and your program. As a musician always interested in astronomy and science you  make it easier to keep up on recent discoveries and conjectures in the field. Again, thanks.
the particle has the sound effect of bowling pins knocking down.
Does a tin foil hat provide protection from these ultra high energy particles?
Can’t wait for the sci-fi horror stories this inspires
Watch till the end, there’s a post-credits scene!!!
Some alien forgot to close the door and the hit got out.
never heard of you the anton i know is mic-less 😉😉
Would have been prudent to mention that the Earth's own magnetic field is currently weakening...
Ooo la la, dis is so cool!
Another demonstration of not understanding because we are not focusing on function and place rather than basic physics. Physical attributes are more predictable if we begin by understanding function as a primordial pattern in all things, and not things.
The "amaterasu!" At the end spooked tf outta me lol like bro
do we know the trayectory of the omg particle? it passed through earth or like near it.  cool video.
I believe there are billions of big bangs that have and continue to happen everywhere in the entire universe, which we only see a very small part of.  These energetic particles could have been flung out of one of those big bangs, but the light has not reached us yet, so we see nothing in that void area where it came from.  If these originally travelled faster than the speed of light and slowed over time, they may reach us before we eventually see what looks like a star forming in that area, which would eventually disappear as the galaxies produced are flung outward and disperse from one point to trillions of individual stars and galaxies all spreading out very fast.  If it is very far from us, the light will slow and red shift, possibly even drift into the microwave range, before reaching us, so there is the possibility that these particles will be all we ever see or detect from that particular big bang, as they would need to be close enough for the light to still be light by the time it reaches us.  If this does turn out to b the case, then a big bang happening very close to us may be catastrophic, as the closer you are to the explosion, the more of these particles will be concentrated and hit our planet (and potentially us.)  Even so, the fact that we have not witnessed this event means it is likely not that likely that one will occur in our space or time any time soon.  The cosmic background radiation that we detect in all directions is also likely the tired light waves from very distant big bangs reaching us now.  We are very tiny indeed!
Damned aliens keep taking pot shots at us.
I hate when I get the blue screen of cosmic death😊
Could cosmic rays get a gravity assist as it swings by or around entire galaxies on its long journey towards Earth?
I thought you were kidding when you said "Six galaxies". Geez!
It's voidadelic baby!  ;*[} Seriously, the energy level of these cosmic rays is unimaginable ...where the heck do PEV (petaelectron volt) particles come from? And exaelectron volts?OMG indeed....seems like if one of those did collide with an atom in your body, the resulting shower of nuclear fragments would probably explain human spontaneous combustion!  Cheers....
THE PARTIKEL CALL IT ,, LIFE PARTIKEL.COMMING FROM ALL SUNS
One could imagine that particle being boosted on its journey. What field or e.d. could be the extenuator
Thanks. That was super interesting!
haha what an awesome name choice :D
I’ve been saying since 2013 that it seems extremely (Occam's Razor) obvious that all electrons and all photons are in orbit with a dark matter particle and I’ve shared my theory literally many thousands of times with hundreds of the world’s top physics universities, professors, labs, channels, etc.  Based on Fermilab, CERN and other recent findings, I now more specifically think electrons are made of an electron neutrino entangled in orbit with a dark matter muon neutrino, explaining their erratic orbits around nuclei, superposition, uncertainty, the double slit, etc just like I’ve been saying since 2013.  And I think when the electron neutrino gets entangled with the muon neutrino it creates the Higgs field.  I think when an electron gets a 2nd muon neutrino, it’s what we call a Tau particle and I think photons are a pair of electrons entangled in orbit together in apparent axial or helical polarizable wave-like movement depending on the direction of their rotation as they travel.  This explains the double slit experiment for example and the speed of the rotation explains electromagnetic wavelengths.  I also think protons and neutrons are actually made up of over 1,800 electrons with the muon neutrinos likely all clustered in the center surrounded by the same number of electron neutrinos.  ‘’If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration.’’ -- Nikola Tesla
Amaterasu!
Those are echos of the clashes of type 3+ civilizations.
Fascinating.  Thank you for these insights.
I'm definitely convinced these UHCERS are just simple particle beam weapons by aliens fighting in a void space. Because we can't see them, their motherships would barely register from that far away.
Maybe it was an OMFingG particle before it slowed down
You ever think there is life in that void that has some kind of radar blocking the entire area? If I had a galaxy sized empire that’s what I’d do.
Me: I can't come to work today, I got hit by a cosmic ray. Boss: You're fired.
Best channel to watch late at night. I love these videos
how do they backtrack where charged cosmic rays come from; as a charged particle, magnetic fields will alter the trajectory via Lorentz force=vxB, magnetic field: solar and galactic and extra-galactic magnetic fields aren't well known to my knowledge.  are the energies so large that it doesn't matter?
I'm betting that they are faster than light.  It's time for that declaration to go away.
❤❤❤
Jack Safartti might now the answer. he some times answers in twitter.
Hello Anton! I really like your new camera angle and setup! This information is very interesting. It really does prove that there will always be more to discover.
To my old ears mic. is too muted, needs more treble. Voice sounds muffled so I use subtitles.
If it was coming from very far away wouldn't it slow down due to the expansion of space? Unlike photons which are said to have no mass and therefore always travel at the speed of light in a vacuum, their wavelength setting longer, frequency lower these particles with mass should slow down.
Maybe that's how life is started. A little cosmic zap.
This was great news.
Its a cloaked alien colony in our solar system.
The Universe amazing us as always
All of you who know what a floppy is raise your hand 😊
Sounds like it’s ancient supernova wash.
What if a very heavy and fast particle were actually an atom?
its ming the merciless .from the planet porno bombarding earth with dildons .
Great! as always.  Thanks Dr. Petrov.
Voids might be created by something more scary than “vacuum decay” or  anything that we have imagined thus far...  Our ignorance far exceeds our knowledge and understanding...  But without the discovery of new details... we are oblivious to our ignorance.
If cosmic background radiation acts as 'drag' on particles, then voids would allow them to go farther, perhaps.
What if they are lost rays, akin to lost bullets? Maybe there is a war out there.
Intermediate black hole yes.
Could it be antimatter annihilation ?
UHECR? I hardly know her
It's from a white hole .
couldn't the pull from gigantic black holes change the trajectory of these particles?
And a good day today to you sir. Thank you for this cool content. I like.
It amaze me to see how many of you (almost everyone!) who take for granted that the explanations for all these mysteries is to be found in general relativity or quantum mechanics, when we don't even know how to merge them into one single theory. When we know that -- when we reach the TOE -- we will certainly see a lot of physical phenomenon in a new light, and get many of the explanations we search for.
Another one we've never heard exists great!
U r wonderful
What would be the reality if your body was hit by one of these? Its stated as the power of a bvaseball but thats very hard to understand. Would you notice? Would you develop something as innocuous as a mole or something far more serious like cancer? Or would nothing happen at all?
If we can focus these cosmic rays into a people maybe we can have a real fantastic four 😂😂😂 It makes me wonder if there's an upper limit on power of these rays
Wats even more interesting than it's comin is how does an object a single particle or fww million mololeculws of something an element  stay intact in intergalactic space at speeds approaching the speed of lite for eons to get here . Imeasurable
If the cosmic ray is too energetic to be shifted off course, then I imagine other light would not be. Perhaps we won’t find the culprit in the local void?
Not a graviton!? Damn
4:48 there was also one case of a cosmic ray affecting a super mario 64 speed run, which had caused a multi year investigation.
Great video! I imagine your microphone/stand is tapped into the universe (because the green screen), getting info directly and spreading info to all.
It seems to come from nothing but can it mean it's not trying to be detected? I assume that the higher the lvl of technology the higher form of energy being manipulated.
Time for another Ultra Deep Field image….into the void.
Hypothesis: Cosmic event creates void and superparticles. Light from galaxies within said void disappears many hundreds of years before superparticles reach the same destination
...Uchiha amaterasu...it all makes sense now.
Then follow the Path until You come to Something and that must be it. Could it be Whiplashed off of a Large Black Hole to get that Speed? Chaos does Create Order and Some Thing must get Thrown from a Black Holes Grasp.
ま 絵 吊るす   "hang a picture" ?  Great video Anton as always, I presume that's a colloquial turn of phrase in Japan? Lol sorry, sounded just like Japanese but I just found out it's also Korean for "Let's join together".  Now you got me interested in how Kanji has different meanings between Chinese, Korean and Japanese... Thanks for the hidden side-quest :D
They're just the dust left over from ancient railgun bullets.  I mean they obviously aren't, but its a slightly amusing thought.
The microphone doesn’t work.  Other than that excellent presentation.
I used to subscribe to Scientific American but now I listen to you.
I think we could expand our reach of data by attaching probes in the belt between Mars and Jupiter.
So If you were in space without a spacesuit and you got hit by one of these, would you feel it?   Sometimes I imagine when my arm or face flinches that I was just hit with an energetic cosmic ray
Why do I need to see the microphone to know that is you that is talking? Does YouTube think that we that dumb?
Maybe it's just the void staring back?
Watching to the absolute very end was SO worth it 😂
Good mic!
« OOh La-la : this is so cool… » 😂
"And at a deadly pace, it came from outerspace, and this is how the music ran ..."
Does this mean, this could be a cause of people getting cancer? Getting smacked by OMG causing DNA damage...
earth just absorbing nearby energy
Not sure if I misunderstood the speed limit thing, but if 200 M ly would slow the exa eV ray down to nothing, perhaps it came from much farther away and started several orders of magnitude more energetic
I appreciate this channel.
*Love this channel, don't like the floatin mic* 🤙🏼👌🏼👌🏼🤙🏼
Since no one else is brave enough to say it...its definitely aliens.
Much better sound with this mic
They may be downloading their language to key people in preparation for their arrival. Did it happen in the last 3 days?
Saskue is shooting from there with rinnegan
space is ultimately boring. change my mind!
So i'm randomly and sporadically getting hit in the head with lead particles? Im going to use this next time i fail a test. 😁 Interesting though, that there are "hot spots" since the earth is always rotating?
Another of so many great reporting
HE GAVE US THE “AMATREAMASUUUU!!” Lollll😂
Hi! Could the mystery particle be a virtual particle? Namaste 😎🦋
Question,,   why do all your videos go over 15 minutes,,   i know it is a lot of information,,    but cant you summerize it down a little more,,  by minute 8 i get tired the techno bable  and loos interests,,    meat and potatoes first them  add filler ,,  not just history lessons every episode
*Amaterasu* is the *Sun Goddess* in the Japanese Shinto Pantheon.
I course none of this potential loss of protection has anything to do with the so-called “climate change”.    Only man has any potential impact on the earth apparently.
That Void area sounds very interesting.  Perhaps that's where God lives?
The Wonderful Person Podcast!
It's aliens! It's aliens with cloaking technology!
now my head hurts
Cosmic Rays are Gods farts. Havent you read the Abrahamic bibles? Heathen.
Notice how all these new signals, discoveries, phenomina, are happening while congress is fighting to get to the truth of the hidden tech our dark gov sectors have kept from us.
Oh la la this is so cool 😂
Wake up babe, a new particle just dropped
This is pretty big news!
Probably Aliens 👽
That ending was so funny and unexpected 😂😂😂😂😂
Amateratsu. It was Sasuke's brother. 😡 Get him!
Thank you for the new microphone it makes it better to hear you
thank u anton very cool
Thankyou Anton
The old mic was fine.
my coworker once experienced a bitflip while debugging code and basically saw the number change
Yog Sothoth looked at us from his void.
I am very disappointed with comment section cause of lack of Naruto reference 😔 AMATERASU 👁️
Ultra-massive black holes that ate everything else that was in the void?
My favourite Itachi sharigan
Nice new mic but we can still see the green screen artifact behind your left elbow (that's been there a long time)
did the detection of the particle coincide with the solar storm we just had some days back? i know it was  stronger that normal and really disrupted the earths magnetic field
Thanks for the video Anton!
It is a targeting beam. Aliens getting ready to blow up Earth to build a super highway.
From 100 MLY away, or more, Earth is less then a speck of dust in a small solar system out on the edge of a galaxy. Who and why is this planet the target?
Anton, in this video, I think the microphone is in your face. No worries. You could be just trying something new.
Anton! I, for some reason, have trouble hearing you normally. The mic in your face helps SO MUCH! Thank you 🤗
Anton, I bet you’ve met quite a few PIVOtrons before
And they say we should have detected signs of advanced civilization by now but have not ..  As  a species what is the one thing we have created that is more powerful than anything else?  With probably the biggest detection signal ..  Thats right a weapon the nuke... And we are just starting to explore energy emitting weapons. Imagine 25th generation or 100th gen.. Could we be detection space weapons been fired.  And like shot gun shot the futher it travels the more these particles  spread out.  And since its not randomly distributed but we have hot spots.   Warfare in space  of some sort and when they fire in our general direction we pick up these high energy particles and the explination of the increase in detection at higher energies is the increase in weapon modification and also weapons fire. We dont understand what creates them. But we are starting to detect increasing amounts of them =equals increased warfare with enerrgy particle weapons getting more powerful.. (Yes I like to let my imagination  run wild)
There are also real science channels on youtube everyone! You might have to filter a bit.
well maybe it came from behind the observable universe. i know he stated that so powerful rays can only come from closer BUT the mare existence of these ray clearly negates that conjecture as we clearly don't know how powerful they could be to start off so exactly because there is not enough mass in the void is essential "hole" through which such rays can reach us without suffering slowing down. from 0-10 how plausible it could be? :P
“Oooh la la, this is so cool” lmao
SHARINGAN
Sounds is good :)
Mic stand sponsored by wormhole®.
we need to capture this particle instead of observing its affect as it goes across our devices
I'm sure the aliens hiding their galactic empire in the "void" with some kind of super advanced tech were just calibrating the weapon that will launch a much more massive particle at much higher speed to wipe out humanity.
Good to have you back, live, Anton. Thanks for leaving us those compilations while you recuperated!  Getting hit with a baseball is painful enough. A particle with the same force concentrated to to the size of a proton could be devastating. And, at 99% C, there would not be much time to duck!
the secret ending was incredible <3
So travel into intergalactic space is profoundly lethal from cosmic radiation. A bit like living in a microwave oven
It was the aliens 👽 testing their new photon torpedo.
Love the "amaterasu" at the end after credits - I see you
What if these particles are powerful enough they are tunneling?
Again, if you have know idea what’s going on, blame Dark Matter.
I like the new style. What you need now, is an Albert Einstein phone on your desk who makes phone calls to you once or twice every video for extra laughs! Wait... That's Sabine. I <3 her phone :)
Another awesome video. Thanks!
0:43 I'm surprised that you didn't actually show us an image of where the local void is in relation to our galaxy. I'm greatly disappointed. This is equivalent to other content creators talking about anything, e.g. Hawaii is growing due to volcanic activity while showing images of Krakatoa. Unhelpful.
Dark Matter aliens…
15:46 This is it ! We may have just witnessed the single greatest moment in channel history! (Excluding personal life events,, coming from a longtime subscriber)
I feel blessed to be alive at this time.Humanity has the technology to truly ask the Universe questions and we are learning so much every day
Imma tiramisu?
11:55 .. It came from what is behind the void: from the non-visible portion of the Universe then.
Let me guess, the discoverer of this particle is Japanese? Either that or someone has a serious passion for Japanese Culture. To name the Particle after a Japanese Goddess. After hearing this information, I have surmise that there are likely a lot more of these particles hitting Earth than we can currently measure. And I wonder if some of these particles could be responsible for people suddenly being afflicted by a sudden stroke when they are deemed perfectly healthy. But that is only supposition. As far as where it comes from, we don't know the deep space path of anything near what Scientists like to think they do. Is there not a theory that each Galaxy has a Supermassive Black hole at its core? If that theory is true, then any one of those galaxies within that "void" could have cranked out that particle, and a couple of Super Giant Stars in the way could have altered the path of that particle more than we currently think or can prove mathematically, This biggest problem with all of this kind of thing is that Scientists and Astronomers have a distinct tendency to be disinclined to recognize their lack of knowledge of our Galaxy, but rather take currently accepted theories as fact and then base their own theories upon those and things can get very error ridden very quickly. it happens all the time that Scientists encounter more and more evidence that proves them wrong. But until that happens, they act as everything that they have learned is fact and talk to the public as such, but Science is not nearly as cut and dried as they act like it is, and they know a lot less than they think they do and until the evidence comes up to prove them wrong, they talk as if their theories are fact, and indeed it is taught in schools as such, which drives me around the bend. the unfounded Hubris of the Scientific community is something to behold, and their talking should be tempered with caveats to make sure people understand that the things they talk about are totally unproven and only theory. but that never happens. Just like the THEORY of Evolution is totally unproven and is actually False according to the amateur Scientist who came up with the theory Charles Darwin, himself. He Himself proclaimed that if the cellular basis of his theory proved that cells did not start with complete Simplicity and eventually become more complex, then the Theory of Evolution would not be true but false, and when Darwin came out with his theory, they had the worst type of microscopes and could not see what they were like and how they functioned. and we now know that the cell as it is today, is as simple as it could get, PERIOD. This alone disproves the Theory of Evolution, and if this if the proof needed, then why do Scientists hang onto the Theory like it is their religion? Because they cannot make changes in their belief system, because the alternative point out that there can only be one source for all life to exist on this planet, and that every living thing is made up of cells that are already as simple as they can get and are perfect little bio-machines meant to support the life they make up, and that would be what some would call "Intelligent Design." I would Call it God. Everything on this earth and in the night sky, points to the existence of a God, but Most Scientists cannot accept this, because it would then mean they must alter their pattern of thinking and belief system, so, instead they grasp at straws and hold onto the theory with a death grip, even though Evolution has been challenged and proven false even by the Scientists themselves, as after so many times of it being proven wrong, instead of throwing the theory away as unviable and look for another to explain things, the deviate from the Scientific process which requires them to toss the theory aside once it has been proven false, and come up with a new one, they cannot, and will not. And despite this means they violate the scientific process that they themselves hold so dear to their hearts, if it can be said as such, they hang on to it because there is nothing else that leaves them the comfort of living a life devoid of God. Science and Religion are not at odds with each other as has been the case for so long in the past, but they complement each other because they are both ways the prove that our world and everything on it, especially ourselves, are here by one power and one power alone, not by mistake and by any process that is self-fulfilling. Meaning Life cannot come into existence by any means in the Natural universe, but by the power and Authority of God Himself. How can anyone, after learning the intricacies of the functions of the Human Body ever think that we happened by accident! For example. Hemoglobin in our blood is shaped in a certain way as to be able to pick up an oxygen molecule and carry it to wherever it needs to go in the body, and then when it get to where it needs to go, it then changes shape to expel the O2 molecule and then is then in the proper shape to them pick up a CO2 molecule it then carries back to the Lungs, to be discharged through exhalation. This process alone shows that God exists, but then you must think, how the heck does the molecule know when to change it shape? if it is through Steroids, and the steroids come from the brain, it must use the circulatory system to carry that steroid to the place where it is needed. but what about the red blood cells that are carrying the oxygen to the same region how come they don't release the oxygen before they get to the spot that needs it? you can't have O2 molecules flowing in the blood by themselves because it would ultimately cause air bubbles to for in the blood, but that does not happen. So, then it means the red blood cells carry the O2 right to the spot that needs it the most at all times. Even if you disregard the miracle of how Hemoglobin functions, the fact that it works in the way it does without malfunction is in itself another miracle, but because these miracles are so commonplace, they cease to be miracles. But are taken for granted without proper recognition. And everything on this earth is like that, and the Earth itself is a living entity, and if it weren't for the protection God grants unto us and keeps us safe from the absolute inhospitable nature of the Universe itself we would not be able to live. the fact that the Earth has a magnetic field to protect us and the delicate atmosphere we need to live, the Earth would be a rock as barren and inhospitable as Mars it right now. And Mars itself will never be able to support life by itself, the dreams of Terraforming are just that, dreams and can never be realized because the magnetic field on Mars it too weak to maintain an atmosphere heavy enough to support life, regardless of how many greenhouse gasses are released into Mars' atmosphere. Life is a Miracle, and if God were to simply take away the protection he gives to us, on this Earth, that alone would spell our Doom. We have accumulated a vast reservoir of knowledge yet those whom the world recognizes as "wise," are nothing more than blind fools leading blind fools, because they refuse to think on a level that would open their eyes. they have their religion, and they desire the Fame and Fortune and recognition of the world and act like they are so knowledgeable, but they know so little and then act like they know all. When the second coming of the Lord happens, then what? Not only will they realize that pretty much everything they knew wasn't as they had supposed, but they will then be recognized by the public as an agent of misinformation.
Wheel if most of the strongest rays are form black holes , then maybe the local void is just a big black hole.
Hopefully it’s not a sophon from Trisolaris
Alien warp drive emissions obviously
Just a thought. Could a Void have anti-matter? Does it have gravitational attraction or repellantation?
they are clearly echoes of dark forest strikes in a region where most civilizations are in light tombs. ;)
Why doesn’t this knock out (more) satellites
If you want to hide you super weapon, the Bootes void would be the perfect place.
AMATERATSU!!!!
15:45 💀
dark matter is just another word for aether. which is dielectricity
looks like drive exhaust.
02:39 OMGWTFBBQ!  I’m reasonably literate in planetary physics so color me surprised when Anton says we have particles of lead raining down on us from space. Wwwhhhaattt? How is this a thing? If particles can also waves… then do we have waves of lead? Frequencies of lead? I’m so lost!
Are they intending to do a long exposure with James webb into one of these voids??
Yes, I am wonderful person!
Hey Mr. Petrov, I hope you and your family are well. I've been following your site for years. Over the years you have provided great content to add to the knowledge of the masses and as a single voice in the cosmos, THANK YOU! Take care sir, I look forward to your next video.
Earth is going thru a magnetic pole flip and our Magnetic shield is down 30% and dropping fast. That is why they see these particles and also crazy weather!
this is how we progress forward to the next level... lets keep em coming..
I had two theories to suggest; the CBR acts on low energy but not high energy particles and thus why we see more high energy cosmic rays. Or, the cosmic ray of high magnitude from the empty area was much higher energy to come from a greater distance.   Or of course, the interference theory is wrong.
Proof of extraterrestrial life! We just saw one of thier accidental emissions from a weapon discharge because they are in a major war with another species. They literally got so pissed they chucked a super massive blackhole at the enemy leaders head, and we just saw some of his brain matter moving at 99.99 percent the speed of light. This is going to make them so pissed.... I wonder ended up winning?!? We should watch and wait and see. My bets on the guys who can Chuck supermassive black holes.
Hey Anton, love the videos. The GZK limit is just a theory, perhaps it's been proven wrong? Also, the earth's magnetic field is down at least 20% due to the ongoing magnetic pole migration, where was the detection made and could this have an effect on the speed detected? And lastly, cosmic rays have been detected originating from earth's south pole, probably nowhere as powerful, but just the fact that a planet can produce them seems to point to there being many things in the local void that could have produced this. Keep up the good work! Oh, and the new mic sounds great.
💥💫👀👀👀🌍🌕🌝🌂🌌🌠☄☄☄☄☄☄
Thank you, Anton!
well, maybe there is a black hole there , big one, but without anything near it left to make accretion disc thus no visible halo or jet thus eliminating two detection methods of it, but some particles might still get slingshot our way. and due to scarcity of stuff behind it there wasn't much light to be distorted from objects behind it thus harder to detect gravity lensing so third method to "see" blackhole is also unreliable
Should have called it Raymond...
Hi Anton, i bought your wonderful person shirt and love it!  I do have an question... There's a group that called themselves; the creative society.. and They say we will die soon because of extinction event.. what do you know about it?
Amaterasu: The Great Divinity That Illuminates Heaven Shinto deity Japanese mythology also Naruto
“Ooh la la this is so cool!”.  Priceless!!
The first person to do something really cool???!!! 🥶
The Audio hasn't changed at all it's still distorting a bit in some bass frequency. There is a certain mid bass frequency that needs to be reduced, please..
I can't watch your video's anymore because YouTube is block me!!!
So are those voids then black holes????
The real question is why all these flat fish are flying around space.
Who saw that floppy disk on top of the hard drive and said oof aswell 😅
IS IT.. ALIENS??   "How many times do you think we should shoot the raygun at them? "  "I donno, maybe 2"
perhaps some of these particles have been accelerated through an Einstein ring?
I wonder if these particular particles are a part of whatever’s pushing everything apart…
Awesome video man
A video on the Boötes Void would be fantastic!!
My bread is toasting before I put it in the toaster...🤪
Anton, it's Below. There's more than that here now, loyal and I figured a few things out while solving the roberson problem. See you soon, yeah? I do believe I owe you a lunch. 🖤🥠👾
may a catastrophic oh my gawd particle hit earth and trigger the 5th extinction
Two words: Santa Claus. If you believe this, you better check your sanity clause.
Weirdly i sometimes hear a ringing in my ear once a blue moon and if it coincided with this I'd be surprised.
If random natural phenomena can generate particles in the hundred exaelectronvolt range, just imagine what our distant descendants could do by getting up close and personal with the processes involved. The raw power of nature plus the amplification and precision of technology, coming together to build the mother of all particle colliders!  (And no need to worry about making black holes since you’re probably already orbiting one!)
Maybe local void is full of stuff we can't see.
Knock  There  👽
Aliens
Does anyone else think that we are about to meet like  millions of different timeliness of earth or earth like planets lol or am I crazy
welcome back
What about a rogue black hole? Idk if that's even a thing but why not right?
If this was amaterasu how did they extinguish the flames without a MS or EMS?
The Local Void called. Wondering how we're doing.
Amaterasu was caused by the Itachi Uchiha particle via the mangekyou sharingan effect
Your body couldn't absorb almost any of the energy from one of those hitting you. It would rip right through you and you'd absorb less total than if it were less powerful.   I remember learning of something similar with the guy who accidentally shot himself with a particle accelerator.
👍🌏🌎🌍🇭🇲⭐🌟🕳️✨🌞🌌🌠🎇🎆📱🖥️⌨️💻🖱️
Maybe it came from a super advanced civilization, and the reason we don't see anything is they are using a cloaking device.
Thank you, Anton.
Hey Wonderful Anton, are Dark Matter black holes theoretically possible? Thanks!
Amaterasu at the end haha I thought the fbi messed up and unmuted
Oooh La La! 😂… Well, I sure didn’t expect you to say that, especially in the way that you did!  💀 hah!
It’s the Overwhelmingly Large Hadron Collider
ANTON...how do you know so much are you. .....an alien...haha
"There is kind of nothing here... I mean there is something there is maybe like 6 galaxies, but all of them are tiny" 😂😂😂
Maybe these cosmic rays are ions from alien ion thrusters
Hello Anton Petrov, I'm one of your wonderful person on 🌍🌎🌏. I hope you're feeling better now and you look more like a cosmic 👼from the world of 🗣️🌌a talking 🗣️🌠 and 🕳️ better than speaking 💩 love and respect from 👂👴 not that old Y?E?T. 😂🤣💯👍✌️👀🇭🇲🙏🏆✔️♂️💞😜
Oooh La La Anton, you are so cool!
Anton: It would be nice to have transcripts available for your excellent scientific presentations.
Could they be more common than we thought, and the voids have less stuff to slow them down? Just my uneducated guess.
Naruto fans going crazy rn
TIL that doing really cool things only started a century ago.
Thanks for your insight and dedication as well as your hard work ❤
Oh dude, aren't we looking back thur time as we look further? So those voids currently and relatively speaking might be filled to the brim with stuff or were filled with stuff.
What if every time we think we detect one, its just a bit flip from a different wave.
Imagine someone is making a program or a game and a critical part of their work's code get a byte flip. This would drive them insane.
Maybe it's aliens
I'm surprised you mentioned cosmic radiation and computers without mentioning Super Mario 64. XD
I hope they dont have to wait years to point space telescopes at this area - because it seems usually the case as the best equipment is overwhelmed by requests from astronomers wanting to name new exo-planets
And of course every MCU fan knows cosmic rays are responsible the powers of the Fantastic Four
😎
It's obviously a warning from the aliens on the poison gas planet.
Since Youtube now no longer blocks ads in my Brave browser AND see you on another platform - Odysee. So you are unsubscribed here...
Maybe the local void is a giant black hole that's much closer than we'd like to believe? Or maybe it's a great "nothing" that will overtake our solar system. And it belches massive cosmic rays as it swallows suns and planets. Sure, the likelihood isn't there... but it's possible!
TY Anton for this particular peculiarity.
Amaterasuuu!
It could of come from a quiet black hole that fires the odd heavy particle from its near non-existent jet.
The very end LOL 😂😂😂😂
I wouldn't be surprised if there was more "stuff" in the voids than there is in the non-voids.
fabulous.  Now I have yet another worry when in comes to protecting my customers from things I have no fkg clue what they are.  thanks a lot.
Fascinating
Will we use the james webb to look into that void?
Nice Easter Egg 😂
If the particle travels at less than the speed of light, then the light, from wherever it came from, has already gotten here.
Perhaps those few unsolved cases of spontaneous combustion that leave a body in a pile of charcoal with nothing around the body burned and no known source of ignition is what happens when one of these rare particles rips through a person.
Does one particle constitute a cosmic ray?
The new mic 🎤 is definitely worth it, it's way better sound. Wonder if one of those omg cosmic rays hit the brain? Would it cause 💀 or just make you see a flash or do nothing?
On an obscure ice planet called Hoth in the Bootes Void 200 million years ago, and 200 million light years away roughly, an intelligent alien life form decided to warm up his tomato soup in the microwave.
Sounds good
XDDDDDD AMATERASU ITACHI
I like your videos and appreciate the effort invested in them. But I gotta say it....... Anything nowadays being called "scientific," makes me suspicious, pretty much immediately.  It's not your fault or anything, I'm not trying to blame you in any way. It's just that here an information battle has been ongoing for years now, especially on social media, and I'm coming to realize that everything we're told, EVERYTHING, isn't true, or is slanted somehow.  Dunno why I decided to air all that here just now either. Sorry.
Tachyons
What if cosmic rays are just the remanants of a previous universe which died of heat death but whose left over particles are floating through space at an extreme speed relative to us?
Oh la la this so cool.... lol ing so hard
The local void could be a T3 civilization with many Dyson Spheres making their stars undetectable from outside. Now they are scanning us before the invasion commences.
Love the new setup Anton
Materasuuuuu!
Are we in danger? Ate these the firsts of many more to come?
I keep telling people it’s mantrid but nobody is paying attention. Just wait til he gets to the center of the universe and brings in all the mass left and causes it to collapse.
If anyone wonders, at 2:18 the ring sign says Stortorgskällaren. Which means large square cellar. And is located in the middle of Stockholm Sweden.
I think these “hot particles” originate from Blazars in far off places in the Universe. This is why we go through periods of high and low flux as we move through the galaxy and intergalactic space.
But we are still here? Clearly the particle wasn't strong enough.
It's not a void. The aliens just turned on stealth mode
The powerful particles are from Marvin the Martian’s Illudium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator.
lol I spit my coffee all over my self at the end end. Smh 🤦🏻‍♂️
Drop the big-ass microphone!
Skippy "Probably just a shift in the local wormhole network, nothing to see here move along"
That's an awesome name for this ray.
It maybe hard to find the origins of the rouge particles because of directional changes from other bodies such as stars, black holes or planets. These particles maybe utilizing gravity assist from one of these sources perhaps going through a galaxy like a pinball.
Your French impression is spot on.
If it came from the edge of the universe, it would be red-shifted because of the expansion of the universe. In other words, initially it would have even higher energy.
Could universal expansion be giving particles the bums rush.
I think I'd better like your old setup. :-)
The microphone makes no difference in sound, and it's distracting. It was perfect before, please go back ... Edit: Upon viewing the video further, it's actually worse.
I too am too powerful to make sense. Or really I just mainly don’t make sense and infer the other for a bit of gloss. Make sense?
These big microphones are just ridiculous. And i can hear no difference. Get rid of it PLEASE!
Its just a glitch in the Matrix, nothing to worry about folks.
During a super mario 64 speedrun, someone performed a seemingly impossible feat because a cosmic ray struck his N64 and changed a binary value for marios height position and teleported him up a tower shaving off a huge amount of time
I like your new mic, it's much easier to understand you when you speak.
`Curiouser and curiouser!' cried Alice; `now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!'
Hello Anton!!! 👋  My name is Cantor!  Hopefully you see this! 😄  I'm a Logician and Mathematician at The University of Calgary in Alberta, Canada. 🇨🇦(🇵🇱)  I Am Also The Person Who Will Solve The Collatz Conjecture;  having made the most formal progress of anyone on The Planet since Terrance Tao's result on CC.  Unfortunately, seemingly due in part to my spirit beliefs and philosophical opinions on the current major wars.. I am being very actively censored by the current math department head, and banned from where I used to actively do my research. 😪  ... I just want you to know, Anton, that you are my single favourite Physics Youtuber.  And now that I have been estranged, you are one of my biggest inspirations moving forward (ideally with Math education).  Thank You, Wonderful Person, And Namaste! ✋😌🕉☸  - η℩.cantor ↈ
LOL “Ooo la la that’s so cool.”
Those are definitely compressed messages from advanced civilizations.   We are just too slow and primitive to capture, interpret, read and understand the messages. 😮😮  The biggest clue is that they come from what our simple minds think are voids.
Read Lucretius on the nature of the universe. The Atomists had explanations for this subject.
preferred your vids without the mic ! ! !  still great stuff ! ! !
Maby this cosmic ray came from somewhere futher than we thought and its taken this long to get here,and if that is the case the implications would question everything we thought we knew about the universe.
Anton, i can always rely on your cool and comprehensive discussion of science news and topics. I read the article about this on MSN news (the baked in windows news tiles) and had literally zero information in the article, beyond, we are all going to die...    Thanks again!
I'm glad to see you are feeling better!
Perhaps it was spun up and then thrown like a sling rather than blasted out by an explosion.
I love how non-Scientists make shit up when they can't explain what is really happening, historically, they are wrong 90% of the time
i dont believe the GZK limit to be static
Who is the first person to do something really cool
My mom works for IMB. They run into the issue still today although way more rarely
I am here to listen to what you say! Your new mike makes you look good 😇 Ps. Sound is much better now...
Maybe the voids like bootes void are the cause of a massive explosion in the area
It’s obviously “aliens” using a particle accelerator to accelerate their craft at lightning fast speeds!  Cmon guys I learned this in 1st grade.  What’s the next video title we found that 1+1=2?😂😂😂😂
Anton, you are due for a new build, treat yourself you deserve it!
Please KEEP the mic! Your baseline audio level is much higher and clearer and sounds do much better.
Maybe this is some form of leakage from and advanced exteresrial propulsion system 👽
Fascinating! So much cool unknowns as we gather and gobble all the information that we can, pouring in at an exponential rate day and night
fffffffffucking finally.
Send up the JWST signal!
"Oola la, this is so cool" 😵😵🤣🤣
Something is shooting at us.
So upon evaluating all known natural phenomena that might be responsible for this, we come up empty. As such, I have another possibility that no one seems to have considered. So hear me out. What if these rays are telltale signs of...a nonhuman, technological, spacefaring civilization? I like to refer to them as aliens. So, it seems pretty straightforward that there are aliens behind all of these "unexplained" detections. What's more remarkable, it seems these aliens are deliberately making use of these UHECRs as part of a sophisticated psyops initiative. There are lots of other things that seem to point to this being the answer. So for now, I think it's safe to say these rays do in fact come from aliens. Certainly no one has proven they aren't coming from aliens. So my insights seem to hold up nicely under scrutiny. Not a bad day's work. Not bad at all.
Please remember that many of us do really appreciate your content.  I know I don't comment very often, but I do watch almost every video you make here.  Thank you
LOCAL VOID is so ominous
So, if a lot of it, could dark matter and or dark energy gain enough enough mass to make black holes created by Dark matter?
Local Void : ... .. .  AMATERASUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!
Hahaha... The O-MY-GOD particle. And they say Astrophysicists don't have a sense of humor.
Wonderful as always Anton. Thank you. 🙏😊
It's the sofans!
The Inka's astronomers use to say that the importan are the voids
Anton’s voice sounds like he has a mouth full of peanut butter 🥜
When impossible things keep happening you know your fundamental concept is just wrong start over
Hahaha that sudden "AmaterasUUUUuu" at the end. Great vid!
They detected a Dalek void ship! 🙃
"Ue la la this is so cool" - A French Scientist
Dude does nobody remember the neutron star and everything that's happened since at least 2022??!! I mean. The damn star has three 2's right next to each other. It's hard to miss.
Thats how the matrix is being powered
makes me think maybe the void is just a spot in space that the local blackhole has cleared out mostly whats left is just few galaxies that where in its outer most point way back when and now has formed as it moves inwards 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 .... anyways, I love the name 😂
It almost looked like the mic was extending in from empty space at the beginning lol. Really cool actually
The energy of a brick dropped from waist height, in one proton. That's going to leave a mark, right?
Now we can start looking for them.
Perhaps it is from an alien propulsion system!
Without reading the paper, I’d find it hard to say that any ultra-high energy cosmic ray comes from any intergalactic reason simply because you’d have to come up with a theory of how that cosmic ray would survive such a great distance in the face of the GZK cutoff.  That’s the problem with all ultra-high energy cosmic rays.  At best, I’d say this one comes from the “direction of” that void.  But I’ll look for the paper…
Background cosmic ray "density": I will hazard a guess that the Local Bubble increases the amount of cosmic rays that hit Earth. The Local Bubble is relative void (relative to average intragalactic gas/dust density) and apparently due to a series of supernovae that occurred relatively closely in time.
Oh la la, this is so cool. Hahaha, you beauty.
Stare into the void long enough, and it might just start taking random high energy particle pot shots at you.
anton its off topic, but im so curios of zero time. let me elaborate. there should be 2 references of rime . there is my own reference,  we can call this our perceived reference , then there is this other thing that seems to be there, even if we are not.  this is a physics channel, im struggling bad with something , and i could use your help as well as the audience. i love how questions , can also show us answers. im going to ask a question, how much time passed before i was born?   ( this is a mental experiment, like Schoedinger's cat ) from my perspective, i can honestly say the amount of time, before i was born was infinite . because i have absolutely no reference point.  may i remind you infinity does not mean "big"  , as is so easy to instantly think of when trying to understand it. i can draw a 2d circle on a piece of paper, and i can choose a starting point anywhere , i can go around it for infinity , or i can choose to make my end point, where the start point is.  both realities are true. one is finite , one is infinite. both must be, i think its funny how i can match this ti a wave function . or a particle,  as we also have space . and time. im very curious about the hard problem . i think your most interesting uploads include something important. im not interested anymore about matter, dont get me wrong its got an incredible story to tell. what has my interest is us. that question my friends, is the one that will absolutely twist your minds. space / time, matter energy , you have my attention when its space / time /matter / energy / mind.
Who named this new element AMATERASU and is it because of the myth that she hid herself in a cave and sealed the opening so that the world lost the sun and it's light till she showed up again ?   Was it discovered by a Japanese researcher(s) ?
Awesome
Love the Easter egg! 😂😂😂
inb4 the local void is a void, cause long ago almost all the matter in the void was pulled into a super super massive black hole and now we see nothing as its interacting with just about nothing.
Let's be done referencing things about god this and god stuff that. Let's give it a rest... forever. That is all
All signs of ET artifact...
itachi is god
TLDR. it's like a targeting laser
Makes one wonder how many people have died from cancer because of something that happened on the other side of the galaxy 100,000 years ago.
We should task some remote viewers to look into that region and see what they come up with.
The first thing that came to mind when you said it came from the local void was some kind of interaction with dark matter or dark energy, it'd easily explain why we're not seeing anything there and quite likely also the unfathomable energies. Like maybe a super rare collision of two dark matter particles creates a planck length black hole that instantly evaporates with hawking radiation.  E: Since a lot of people probably won't read the replies I'll update this here too. Did some calculations based on the theorized energies of WIMPs (100GeV range) and as one might guess from the assumed particle energies they're nowhere near enough to even theoretically produce a planck scale black hole. Either there'd need to be billions of them or they'd need to have energies far above theorized.
Great video!  However Amaterasu, (full title is: Amaterasu Omikami no Mikoto) is FEMALE. She's a Goddess. Anton got that part wrong, but that's ok. He's a Scientist not a Shinto Priest. Amaterasu's other name is Hikaru or The Light. Although there are representations of Amaterasu, the reality is that these are mere representations. My Mother taught me that Amaterasu actually had no form and is pure light.
Dark matter destruction producing super high energy particles?  Hmm…. The mind explodes with possibilities.  Or should I say goes “Bang.”
It was the aliens that have consumed that area of the galaxy. Duh.
If you want high quality sound without the mic in your face use a shotgun microphone, they're made for indoor dialogue recording.
The phrase that got the power of these particle over to me was "Probably an Iron nucleus with energy not measured in electron volts, but in Joules..."
If cosmic rays impact computers to such a degree per year, what effect do they have on living things? Are they the cause of the random occasional pinprick pains you might feel for seemingly no reason? Could they cause hallucinations if they hit the brain? Sores? Cancer? Or would they tend to just pass through you without causing much local damage?
the ram is at that size now adays the density of the transistors will mean a greater number of them will have there charge fed by the radiation footprint.
I bet what they are seeing is waste by-products of alien FTL drives!!!!
A high energy particle that got a gravitational kick while passing through a black hole accretion disc?
I like the 🎙
Amaterasu!!!
Great, another thing to get paranoid about.
how about excellerated light? eh?
Aliens!
Rediculously powerful, like a scientists sticking his head in an accelerator?😮
Probably aliens trying to communicate with other intelligent beings, but we can't even comprehend it. Like a chimp seeing a shooting star in the nights sky.
What if ETs use the Local Void like we use salt flats?
"U lala this is so cool" 😂
Thank you for the great content!
The mic sounds distorted. Your strong voice is over driving it into clipping and the tube is oscillating a bit, again because you have a powerful voice.  Try moving it farther away.  Enjoy your content !!!
So glad you are doing well, Anton. Hope continued success to you and your young family 😊
gosh darn it who in the whole infitve epanse of realty fired a gosh darn ftl partcal cannon that pokeda hole in the ferment barrer thats ment to prcot us us being the forth wall. gosh danr multi mulverse scale civlatinos and orgaztions being careless in the few muliverse next door. ftl partcal cannons are not toys you know.
12:47 Proton/anti-proton collisions?
Worth it for the final seconds of the video!
Hearing "Ooo La La" with the Russian accent, made my day!!  LOVE the content.  With all of the garbage on YouTube, your content is miles above the rest.
*evil chuckle* Targeting achieved...
Azatoth testing his new flashlight
Hello good sir, I have a question I need ask in private... At least for now.  It pertains to the Russian bolt flip in space.  Is there a way for me to do so?  Love your work, I think super highly of you, and thankful you share your knowledge with us!
Primordial black hole?
Maybe whatever created the void? Or the void is more of a window for things behind it to get through without interference.
Deem Itachi would be proud
is this OMG particle james okeefe ?
Sound is good
I think OMG particles is a better name.
The new mic sounds great. 🙂 A Cool Yule to you and yours, Anton.
Prefer you without the microphone! ;) wonderful video again! Thank you!
Local void stars goes boom… and more void!
So this is the particle hitting e just as I fall asleep? Makes sense...feels like a baseball just woke me up, lol.
They are the remnants of energy weapons being fired in an intergalactic war. It's just the shots that missed their target and happened to be pointed at Earth 🌎
Euchre! Or Eureka?
it just occurred to me that maybe the scientists want to name it the "Oh My Goddess particle" but figured that could a) cause copyright issues and b) out them as total weebs xD
I like the mic.
If the next episode doesn't cover Anton's magical free floating mic then I am calling government coverup lol
Well if they say if what we are seeing now isnt the current universe then how they ever going to explain anything about its past when we havent seen it yet.
Before I watch this video, gonna assume it's due to light being catapulted around a black hole responsible for the void. Let's see if I'm wrong
15:45 lol, killed me with that. Was that an Itachi impression?
Am i the only one that lasted long enough to catch my guy going full anime with that last ameterasu?
Aliens testing beam weapons... the 'local void' probably isn't a void, just an area of alien expansion with the large scale stealth technology used over the whole region. Why stealth? because of aggressive new space travelers with nukes (like us) P.S. solves the Fermi paradox.
maybe its come from very far but since its so high energy it times travels, or it could actually be an emission from the CMB.
So that's where that booger ended up after the most powerful fling ever.....
Catholics get so misrepresented when it comes to science.
aiens...   😅😅😅
Was that a sneaky Marvel movie type ending? lol
LMAO. Nice easter egg.
Collateral from ultra powerful energy weapons being used in a interstellar conflict far away
Magnetic field means a synchrotron emission and an energy loss. That was a gravitational lens.
Or perhaps there's something in the local void we can't detect using our current technology.
Your audio is clear now.  Nice.
Hello wonderful Anton!!
Blue screen of death is a cosmological quartz ramming memory loss.
Fun fact: if you got hit by one OMG particle you would suffer acute radiation syndrome for weeks and could die of cancer in decades.
Oh no, it's probably a sophon
I love that We are all part of this amazing thing we call our universe  Stardust to stardust  🌠
To quote APOD: "It was one of the most energetic particles ever known to strike the Earth -- but where did it come from? Dubbed Amaterasu after the Shinto sun goddess, this particle, as do all cosmic rays that strike the Earth's atmosphere, caused an air shower of electrons, protons, and other elementary particles to spray down onto the Earth below. In the featured illustration, a cosmic ray air shower is pictured striking the Telescope Array in Utah, USA, which recorded the Amaterasu event in 2021 May. Cosmic ray air showers are common enough that you likely have been in a particle spray yourself, although you likely wouldn't have noticed. The origin of this energetic particle, likely the nucleus of an atom, remains a mystery in two ways. First, it is not known how any single particle or atomic nucleus can practically acquire so much energy, and second, attempts to trace the particle back to where it originated did not indicate any likely potential source."
Source from (a currently unseen) galaxy behind the voids?
Yay! End credits scene.
15:45 Awesome!
Clearly its aliens
Just Thanos snapping his fingers again, jamming to peso pluma🤪
Thirdly, you're growing a Christmas beard?  🙃
Are we just part of a overall organization of parts that make up a much more complicated entity... the one that seemingly isn't paying attention ? Sometimes when I was young and trying to make sense of it all I noticed that everything seems the same just upsized or miniaturized... seems like the structure is similar.  I'm just not sure we aren't a part of something much bigger and the fact we inherently have a odd sense we are?? I'm kinda fluid on all subjects about and around what is actually going on.. I'm of the opinion that we are far from asking the right questions and I'm not sure we can have the perspective to see enough to postulate.
So the Fantastic Four can be real
Inb4 warp-drive particule
Correction, nothing there to see anymore. These particles are lagging behind the speed of light a little bit, which over the course of 200mil years can equal a difference of a few million or tens of thousands of years. We might expect to still be able to see remnants of an event that could create super fast particles, but that's not a guranetee. The evidence may have fizzled out thousands of years ago, or the path is actually obscured somehow.
On the changing direction theory. I think that's more possible that seems obvious.  For instance the particle could have been even more energy and in a collision it generated a bunch more OMG particles in slightly different direcitons.   So it's OMG once removed.
Great content as always. (I’ve been faithfully watching your content for years)… mic sounds good.  Now you need to up the contrast of your video feed from your camera / or possibly get a better camera.  Might want to add a small light behind you to your left (camera right) high out of frame and gently lighting your hair
Nice mic man! If I may make a quick suggestion, perhaps try a quick color correction to get rid of the green tone on your webcam and maybe increase the contrast so you don't look so washed out. No big deal but just thought I'd mention!
So thats not snipers trying to take me out ?
We don't know what's going on beyond visible space, where who knows what form physics takes , where maybe OMG particles are generated that just don't obey the 200light year rule, what's more, we'll never know 😮
Heck yeah,  brother! You deserve 100× subs. I hope your new thing helps.  Thanks for everything.
If the particle is charged, it could be bent by magnetic fields and likely did not originate from the location it appears to be originating from. Essentially what I’m saying is the acceleration could be caused by an intergalactic Van Allen belt of sorts.
At this point just call it the “holy shit” particle or the “what the fuck” particle.
sasuke is back at it again
omfg 🤣
😂so that's why the kid looks like a freak
I vote pronouncing UHECR, as Ooh-heck rays.
The Reapers have awoken. "We are eternal. The pinnacle of evolution and existence. Before us, you are nothing. Your extinction is inevitable. The time of our return is coming. Our numbers will darken the sky of every world. You cannot escape your doom." 🦑🦑
could it have come from the sun
From Wiki: "Amaterasu, also known as Amaterasu Ōmikami (天照大御神, 天照大神) or Ōhirume no Muchi no Kami (大日孁貴神), is the goddess of the sun in Japanese mythology. One of the major deities (kami) of Shinto."  Goddess as opposed to God. She is portrayed as such and the story of her "hiding in a cave" backstory is quite enchanting.  Maybe nowhere is somewhere concerning where it came from?!
I would like to note that, on average, memory bits gets flipped two or three times for non cosmic ray reasons for every one that gets flipped by cosmic rays. The effect isn't negligible, but even without cosmic ray induced errors, the number of bits flipped would be in the same general area as it is now.  The most common reason for errors is when a bit flips legitimately it creates a magnetic field that can sometimes cause a nearby bit to flip as well.
It came from what looks like a void now, but 2.2 billion years ago when the energy was emitted, it was far from a "void".
The edge of our universe is an event horizon
Can’t these rays be stirred by a massive object? Maybe it doesn’t come from the void but something in it made it change directions, unless it has a way to measure the distance trackers like redshift for light?
Someone across the universe activate their sharingan😊
I'm wondering how they know where these "god" particles came from since some of the articles I've read suggest that the Galaxy acts like a large particle accelerator. Is it that they have so much momentum that they cut right across the magnetic flux and gravitational attraction of galactic space without bending? I imagine that they have so much momentum that they bend even less than light does in a gravitational field. I'm also wondering how far these particles lag behind light since they're obviously traveling at a very large percentage of the speed of light.
Is it just me or is that Mickey Mouse in the Star from the thumbnail.
Anton is slowly into Lex Friedman
Scatter shot from a black hole
New mic is great, but add an extra filter. It's picking up your breaths too strongly.   t. former audio editor
Genjutsu. Mesmerizing.
I wonder if the Magnetars can accelerate g-rays if they pass close enough....
Oh god it’s a sophon we’re done.
Like the first raindrops of a summer storm. 🤔😜❤
I think something is messing with us.
Maybe the voids contain an absurd amount of supermassive black holes?
It's dark matter
It's the alien race that has cloaked itself! They are warming up the targeting system! 😂😢😂
Scientists: Gods isnt real.  Also scientists: oh my God particle.
Amazing how many things have been discovered by religious people...
AMATERASUUUU
I can’t wait for the scp written on this event lol
How many decades were in between the first two?  Now just days apart?  🤔
To all - stay till the end!! 🙌 ☀️. You can thank me, actually thank the wonderful Anton 👋
but would they give me superpowers anton?
I would like to know what you said at the end 😂.... and your audio sounds great.
Super cool discovery! Can't wait to learn more about that  ;-)
WELCOME BACK ANTON!🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 We missed you ❤
the ametarasu at the end, someone's a Naruto fan lol
Nice upgrades Anton! The audio sounds great!
Fermi Paradox kerps getting debunked. Maybe aliens are a factor
Some guy experienced a bit flipping during a Mario speed run. He was then accidentally warped to the top of the level. They later validated it by manually flipping the exact bit and got the same result.
Even though you do an excellent job of explaining complicated subjects so they are more easily understood, I still feel like I need to go back to school to understand this sometimes.
If something is mysterious, it's best to blame it on something even more mysterious, like dark matter.
Voids would be perfect places for super powerful computers, so this particle could be caused by aliens or a highly advanced AI somehow
You couldn't resist yelling that name like that....
OMG, a cosmic ray with the energy of a near speed of light baseball?
LOL at the end.
Hello, wonderful particle!
I wonder what kind of particle it is.
Didnt expect to hear Anton call me a hooker today. Oh well, I'll let him do it anyway, look at that jawline
These vids are sanity in an insane world. Thank you Anton!
I like the new audio, much cleaner.
Borg energy blast, Anton 🤖
You're using one of those floating microphones, I see. 😂
It's a sophon from Trisolaris
Nice how bout you pull an amateratsu on that mic too
how did it connect with the larger gravity wave movements.
My irrational fear is that a quazar is pointing at us like a shotgun and we're just now getting the first nips of the spray
wores looped around wires is a great away to store energy and Mass
Bootes Void looks like a nice place to settle down and get away from it all
Obviously, it is an extraterrestrial drives' exhaust plume. 👽
RAM modules=3.5inch Diskette??  Come on Anton, you're the man we're hoping can educate the uneducated. 😂
Love IBM because of this intelligent error protection
What if something isn't a void but merely looks like one?  A massive black hole the size of an entire galaxy might look like a void.  Also tons of particles could limit visibility, especially with diverse compositions.  Just random thoughts.  Love your content and your willingness to share.
It's a Kaiju particle, here to celebrate Godzilla.
Seeing the location of the source of some of the cosmic rays is so close, I had a thought that some mechanism of black holes approaching each other past the final parsec might be producing them, the energy emitted resulting in the black holes getting nearer to each other
You're the man, dude!
You are back hope you feel all better Anton 🎉🎉🎉 big microfone 😅 not to replace other issues i hope 😂
PODCAST!!  just don't turn into the Neil deGrasse Tyson
Thanks Anton. Amaterasu eh? Cool. Thanks for the info.
Is there any phenomenon that can increase a particle's energy? Like we use a planet's gravity to boost vehicles in space.
Remember to keep being dumb and learn always
I like the mic.  You sound better.
112 yrs old is the first invention
Could these particles be related to Hawking radiation?
Extreme  Anton is my favorite Anton 😂
I alway love to see when u have a new video out. thankyou bigguy for ur videos i learn so friggin much from ur vids.
the microphone in your face has a great sound! it doesn't change the esthetic of your video at all.  keep up your wonderful work ! <3
Maybe a Kardashev III civilization war ship fired it's phasers and missed the target
The name of this new discovery will be the Impossibly Powerful Particle.
Voidlings
Since we are use to light-years and the speed of light, could you please elaborate "ridiculous high velocities".
Olala
It is coming from distant Galaxy
Anton, i have a question. Is Earth magnetic field weaker ? And also, am I only one who remembers that 20 years ago i could look around sun no problem it was bit yellowish,  now even in winter it is blinding and white.
I'm so happy to see we're measuring so many unexplained phenomena. Can't wait to see what we learn next.
Alien nuke. It’s a “local void” for a reason
I was thinking... What if there's a cosmic string in that direction? Could it interact with something... And explain it?
Amaterasu, gives me naruto vibes, lol
We are obviously being intentianally bombarded.  In a couple billion years, the dmamge done will really add up!
Ooh lala! This is so cool!  Maybe that should be a new tshirt.
Your biceps are starting to look huge
Oh shit… this sounds too much like the Dark Forest trilogy
Did you _REALLY_ mean to say it came from *"... in the nearby Universe ..."?  Now you're **_SPOOKING ME!_*  Clarification:  I'd always heard there was only ONE Universe, y'see!  Now you're saying there's another one - nearby?  Brrr!
Looks good✨👍 Maybe try a desk stand like a talkshow host back in the day......? I always say hello back😁
How about a science themed canard?   Someone in that region of space finally figured out the tech so he/she/it could send "intelligent life here!" messages out.  If we can't send one back, we'd be beneath their notice.  And we're not in the way of anyone else's return transmission. We'll never know . . .   Sorry.  Will let myself out along the seven sigma surety.
Anton my man, have a nice day
We're crawling around looking for the particle right now!🤣 It HAS to be here somewhere.
The baseball analogy really cracked me up, especially how it was delivered:)
I have a hippy friend called Cosmic Ray...
So a radio overlay from residiual star bursts of the surrounding voids it makes sense entirely in my understanding   Think of it as throwing rocks into the air and letting them shower the surface with a highspeed camera youll notice the ripples converge and can make it look like a second impact where no rock had landed   A solar flare from our star could ironically cause a spike when it comes to oncoming distant pulses from the void clusters
"Oh la la! This is so cool" screams merch! Anton get on it!
💓
The Wonderful Person Show!
It may have come from nowhere, but it didn't come from nothing. 😅
Anton looking like a pro with that sweet new mic 🎙️💯
you spent 7 minutes talking about nothing related to the title. that is more than half the video time being filler.
“Oh la la, this is so cool” I’m still laughing.
" Ou la la this is so cool" 🤣
Yes, aliens again!
OMG 2.0
Microphone?? More like smoking hashish in a hookah disguised as a microphone.
It’s like the end of devil man crybaby because we have become demons
It's great to see you back, Anton! 😊 The new mic looks great! Stay safe there with your family! 🖖😊 And happy holidays!
I wonder if some particles can ride gravitational waves like a surfer
On The Petrov Drive to Information Zone!
amaterasuuuuu!!!!
