Go to https://buyraycon.com/mandjtv to get 20% off sitewide for a limited time! Sponsored by Raycon.
Bellsprout/Oddish have dog poop bst, but they do have Bulbasaur typing, and should be much better than Butterfree
I didn't know power trip worked like that. Like, yes, you boost your attack so it's stronger, but I didn't know both the attack buff and the move buff worked together... guess I should've guessed
I disagree with you on your fire red and leaf green pick I still think butterfree is the better choice it gets compound eyes or what ever it is called to boost it’s accuracy and it learns sleep powder so sleep powder is generally guaranteed to hit and also if you were worried about the rock moves just put geodude to sleep and harden 6 times then you would be ready for onix so yeah I’d stick with butterfree so I won’t be saying bye bye to it
2:29 classic gen1 bullshit
1:10 Imagine if it Held a Metal coat.
"Im getting a masters degree in crime" "No just crime TaTa
I prefer Geodude in gen 2 because it still takes hits very well, but is almost twice as strong as Onix. (also I had no friends so Steelix was a pipe dream)
It says you are a ass hole with unknowns
Me: huh... Grunty going back to school sounds... WAIT YOURE 30????
22:45 mew?? What abt him
67 67 67
For sword/shield, wouldn't zygarde be better than suicune? You can choose to not take any pokemon after a dynamax adventure
2:10 every gen 1 gamer knows you dont catch a metapod but you catch a caterpie instead, as if you catch a metapod you'd have to switch train it because it only learns harden
15:39.... say that again?
1 month in and no timestamps? Here you go: 0:32 Red/Blue/Yellow 2:53 Gold/Silver/Crystal 5:00 Ruby/Sapphire/Emerald 7:19 FireRed/LeafGreen 8:54 Diamond/Pearl/Platinum 10:20 HeartGold/SoulSilver 13:00 Black/White (2) 15:05 X/Y 16:25 OmegaRuby/AlphaSapphire 18:00 Sun/Moon 19:58 UltraSun/UltraMoon 21:39 Let's Go Pikachu/Eevee 23:33 Sword/Shield 26:46 BrilliantDiamond/ShiningPearl 26:55 Legends Arceus 27:17 Scarlet/Violet
now that you seen it that Brine comment reminds me of the NPC talking about pokemon attack moves via using fluids
Dude you said six seven
Training a Catapie/Weedle/Magikarp costs you literally hours.  Very bad.
15:38 SIX SEVEN
I swear you can catch a mareep before falkner, theres a patch of grass before the guy no?
Yep, nearly 30 years on and every game I've played, my first pokemon always seems to be a flying type that stays on the team as a stalwart the whole way through.
Wouldn’t a lvl 70 not obey you until you beat a certain about of gyms?
15:38 6-67?
15:38 💀
Bro said you can find riolu in x and y at the level 6-7 💀
13:21 You forgot Audino.
15:37 At what level?
Belly drum actually gives +12 attack stages 😉 say you somehow ended up -6 attack stages, belly drum would put you at +6
ah yes. because getting a Steelix in gen 2 is soooooo easy  🫩
15:33 really?
Why can’t I subscribe
Wow this is a good video! ❤
15:39 …
19:33 the brick break tm is in the location of first trial. pikiper learns it.
10:00 its simple, staraptors design is mid and uninteresting
Why struggle in falkner if you have those insane single typing starters?? Not bayleef of course. Even zubat, geodude, dunsparce (which is accidentally encounter on swarms), unown, mareep can dilly dally with falkner  and bugsy.
15:39 67😁 67 67 67 67
At some point Grundy boy needs to say Perry the platypus
I caught a ghastly in gold to help against Faulkner
just use the 'brock through walls' glitch and go spend 3 hours throwing pokeballs at zapdos in pokemon blue. Once you're done you get to feel like you just wasted 4 hours of your life!
I'd say the best Pokemon in Black & White 2 to get early is Dunsparce. Its typing helps it enormously, and because it has access to rollout early and has decent bulk for an early game Pokemon, it kept its space in my team for a long time. Gen 5 also made it better due to having access to coil on top of roost, providing a move to boost its power.  It also can have the ability "serene grace", which doubles the chance of additional effects to occur, making rock slide a 60% flinch move and rock smash a guaranteed defence drop.   If only it had access to headbutt in this game, it would've been perfect as a strong same-type attack with 60% flinch chance...
27:41 I just realized because of this south province area 1 is shaped like Slugma
yes but one small issue: flamigo looks boring so i dont want to use it /j
my first shiny in violet was a flamigo and it was right after the grass gym and i have failed to get a shiny since
21:35 she want to travel with Kenya the fearow
No gold heart? Yea this video is trash lol
Cha is a legend
I'm doing a olaytbrough of atinum Renegade and was using Starly but ended up swapping it for Charmander since the main reason I wanted Staraptor was for a user of fly since it's pretty much the only HM Bibarel can't learn
Nice
Nice
15:36
9:31 Called it
I noticed for Sinnoh that Mikey never even took the first gym into consideration.😂
Important note : you don't want pokemons that have intimidate in 4th gen games which are already slow enough, and mostly hit wild pokemons
15:39 SIX SEVENNNN
Pretty sure you can get nidoran in fire red before the first gym south of pewter
67😂😂
Brock was hard if you had Charmander......why does everyone say this? Did not a single person level up Charmander enough to use metal claw....if not y'all some bad trainers lmao? I one tapped everything in that Gym.  MISTY is where Charmander.
15:38
15:38 67
15:39 I flinched like an abused child 😭
When it comes to obliterating the early game, it appears that the bird is the word
15:38 SIX SEVEEEEEEN
Gen 1 rbgy for me it's always Rattata.
6 7
67? 15:39
Riolu at flocessy ranch in bw2 my beloved...
Ok...sorry Mikey...but your straight up wrong on black and white. Just get a lillipup. That thing is good long term. Used by speedrunners to replace the starter. And is generally better than the monkey both short and long term..given black and white you ONLY considered the 1st gym while with others you mentioned later gyms....that just aint fair.
15:38 6 or 7..?
"Nope. Just crime."  💀
Okay, I agree that Staraptor is a great long term team member to catch early and keep on the team but like. Wasn't this about beating the first couple of gyms? bc you can say Close Combat but there is NO way you're getting to a high enough level to learn that before Roark so what gives?
24:00 Ah, but see, there is a third option here ... I refuse to lose on purpose. 😂
15:38 I will say no more
15:38 SIXX SEVVEEN
9:10  someone has clearly never used a guts facade swellow.
I've used the Corviknight hone claws/power trip in ROMs, but even better is breeding a venomoth to learn baton pass paired with sleep powder/hyponsis and quiver dance. I had to raise a surskit to have baton pass, evolve and breed with venonant, in the game Scorched Silver specifically. if you can get 1 to 2 quiver dance off and baton to corviknight, he is absolutely monstrous, and if you can increase the attack with a hone claws or two, he's damn near unbeatable.
At level what… 15:38
"a master's degree in crime"... Political Science degree. Go it.
15:37 WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
15:39 67
I do wanna give an honorable mention to Buneary in Ultra Sun. Lopunny is suprisingly useful! It's has high speed, above average attack, really good coverage, and it this was the last generation where it can learn Return. A 102 Base power move with STAB is, as you can imagine, pretty damn good.
for gen 2, bellsprout and the trade rocky is a trap. catch a geodude instead, it fills the same niche but is better.
Bro casually disregarded ursaluna baby forn which you can get in gen 2 before 1st gym
15:39 what level?
Is no one going to mention the way he pronounced Makuhita?
Technically Riolu is the best  cause you can "immediately" evolve it into max friendship Lucario that uses return   Of course that's a lot less immediate if you are not on an emulator
'Butterfree isnt likely to stay on your final team'  Say that to my sleep powdering dream eating menace of a butterfree i had during my fire red nuzlocke....
Actually in gen 4 there is also shinx
For Legends Arceus, its complicated because you're forced to catch Bidoof first, and early game difficulty is drastically altered by whether you catch and defeat the Beautiflies early on. But for sure, you don't actually have to fight Cleavor to quell it, if anything fighting it is actually a waste of time. Overall I would say the best first free-form catch in early game Legends Arceus is Eevee. You can quickly evolve it into Sylveon by teaching it Baby Doll Eyes from the move tutor in town. Although not super strong against a whole lot of trainers, it is a solid team member and Fairy type is good in general. Later on it is excellent against some late game bosses since its immune to Dragon attacks and makes short work of the Dark and Dragon types later on. Making mincemeat out of Giratina is the true reason why you keep Sylveon. I don't think you can say that about any other early catch. Its a long term investment first catch.
HOW TO BEAT BROCK IN POKEMON YELLOW  1. Catch MANKEY in ROUTE 22  2. Grind it to LEVEL 9 to learn LOW KICK
ultra sun and moon's actual first catch is this:if you encounter a bagon which a 1% encounter it can call for help and can get a SALAMENCE to join the battle. so that is the best first catch.
15:39 what level
Another good reason for slakoth is slaking being an immovable wall against anything but maybe the hoenn legends or stevens metagross
Imagine every pokemon game starts with you having a legendary pokemon that doesn't listen to you. By fighting trainer's, gym leaders and crime bosses you are slowly earning it's respect. Allowing you to use it.
Team sky in alola then za then orre sorry then xenoverse
15:38  6-7
Scarlet and violet are not open world. They have an open world, but absolutely no open world design outside that. Scarlet and Violet stand as proof that gamefreak and the Pokémon Company dont understand how to actually design games. You can not do the gyms out of order unless you over lvl for the early ones. S&V are linear games pretending to be open world. All they actually needed to do was implement lvl scaling with a 5 to 10 rule. Meaning at lvl 20 pokemon will spawn anywhere from 15 to 25, probably limiting the lowest and highest... or do a 3 to 6, might be more balanced. The point is that S&V needs better design. Even the gimmick is good, but they dropped the ball on gyms with it. I got excited when I realized types could change, and then my first gym battle, the leader pulls out a different pokemon, and makes it weak to my current mon... they almost built the slightest challenge in it. Its like they think a 3 year Olds gonna play tell they hit a gym. 🙄
Yall I was playing Pokémon emerald I wanted to get lotad but for some reason I kept getting ralts.. I did catch one but they didn't stop appearing 5 times in a row and ralts is rare to find, what are the chances of that.
15:37 Six Seveeeeeen
The fact that u can get mewtwo before the first gym is wild ngl
You should have a second channel where you have stripped down versions of these videos by gen, or you could add tags.   But obviously I'm watching for entertainment so you don't have to but your content is so factual it could be better and more available than the rest.
7:52 you never said you couldn't get manly in red and blue, but you emplies it
I used to use the straptor until  I was able to get stronger birds
24:42 yeah i found a dynamax raid first stage kommo-o after the 1st gym and instantly had a kommo-o and now kommo-o is one of my 3 favourite pokemon
IDK what yiu are talking about, dude. I've just played Pokemon Yellow a couple of days ago and my first priority was to capture Nidoran, which you can get even before entering Viridian Forest. He can easily be leveled up to lvl 12 and his double kick washes away Brock's mons like they aren't even there. And unlike Butterfree, Nidoking will stay with you until the very end.
ZA: Pikachu. Someone wants one in exchange for a *FRICKING HERACROSS!*
6 7 15:38
How to game the fun out of the game
timestamps would be so helpful
15:36 6-7?
My first pokemon for sword was the shiny zamazenta xD
Go for geodude in GSC, not onix. Geodude is available immediately if you go north through that gate house thing outside of cherrygrove.
Black 2 and White 2 have a much better option: use the dream radar. With it, you can transfer Landorus, Thundurus, Tornadus, Dialga, Palkia, Giratina, Ho-oh, and Lugia before getting your first gym badge. They arrive at level 5 if you have no badges when you transfer them and you do have to catch them in the dream radar. They don't even count as traded. Oh, and they have their hidden ability to boot (with the forces of nature being in their therian forms)   If you're avoiding legendaries, swablu, riolu, ralts, beldum, and togepi are options too.
17:44 i don't want to think about why Hariyama can learn surf.
Nidoran Male is OP in Gen 1 you get a Fully Evoled 3 Stage Pokemon at Level16. BST 505 before Gym 2
15:39 ts level so tuff😂❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
Do I detect a bit of Team Sky biased 🤔.   But honestly they are just super good pokemon
for 1st gen just get nidorina/nidorino and double kick onyx, much easier
I like playing with just my starter, and 5 Zigzagoons. Those guys pick up Rare Candies like they're... candy.
For Pokémon sword & shield it's possible to get a Vikavolt before the first gym by catching grubbin in the slumber weald and finding a thunder stone in the wild. I did that and it was very satisfying to steamroll through the first gym with a dynamax Vikavolt
15:39 6 7
10:10 he carried me
Chapters in this wicked video would’ve been great! :)
67
Late to the party I know, but I’m so proud of Grunty Boi for furthering his education, he seems so proud of himself too <3
For gen 1 your analysis,while is correct for Pokémon red and blue, is not correct for Pokémon yellow. Nidoran male double kick will kill Onyx in 2 or 3 instances and geodude in 2, not counting crits. After that nidorino is decent against misty and nidoking can and will solo the game with the huge amount of TMS he gets acces to. Not saying you want nidoking to solo the game, but he can oh so easily. . .
Charmander can get past Brock with Ember
17:25 Brine and Belly Drum combo well, as well.
Wait is the 1% SOS chain Salamence not available before the first totem mon?
Gen 1 I used nidoran with double kick pokemon yellow
Shroomish can learn Spore so freakin good sets up Breloom to use Focus punch.
You're actually kind of wrong about gen 1 brock and charmander. Ember is special. Geodude and Onix doesn't stand a chance with their crappy special, resisted or not. Its pretty funny in retrospect.
honestly, when i was a child nidoran with double kick gave me the win over brock. onyx def might be through the roof, but its attack is subterranean and its speed is glacial.  my first favourite catch in gen 2 is ghastly  pfff, you act as if miltank was a menace that gave ppl nightmares.
these always assume you can trade, which is rarely the case for me
15:38 6️⃣7️⃣🤣🤣🤣🤣
mandjtv is the youtuber i sleepp to
17:00 what do you mean they had bad IVs? I thought they were random 0 to 31?
Rocky the Onix _can_ make an endgame team in Gen II. His decent speed for a Ground-type and his Ground typing can make him useful despite his low attack power. I used Rocky as an Onix against Red's Pikachu before.
Me who catches every pokemon to complete the pokedex 😮
Onyx has such low SP.DEF that you can KO it with just 2-3 embers. In Blue/Red it doesn't even know rock throw so your Charmander is quite safe.
First time playing fire red was through a rom. I had the pika charm combo with a few bugs. Brocks onix did in fact know rock smash and almost one shot my whole team
Dang you can pretty much sweep USUM with that Hawlucha LOL
I literally trained my army. I used charmeleon on Brock, mankey, nidoran, and even pikachu's quick attack to kill Brocks units.
15:38 WHY MUST YOU DO THIS
While not as useful in combat, there is an argument for Zigzagoon in Hoenn-based games  It has no type overlap, it isn't as strong as Hariyama but also has access to Belly Drum, it's plenty fast, and while not having EXP boost it also means that it has no disobedience problem  And if you're not going to use it as a fighter, it still has access to most HMs and Pickup is a nice bonus
the actual answer for Black/White is Lillipup because it is a good Pokemon that scales up in power over the game, gets Intimidate upon evolving, and Stoutland can learn Surf and Strength. also regarding Lucario in White2/Black2 - the Steel typing is defensively amazing against Roxie, actually - it shuts her down, and you get the Return TM early, so Lucario with Return obliterates Roxie, no sweat. hell, Cheren gives you Work Up, so....yeah.   however, I'd point out that Mareep is one of the most reliable answers to Cheren for one reason - paralysis. but Azurill is also a surprisingly good pick solely due to Charm (Cheren's Pokemon want to boost, but Charm nerfs them faster than they can boost, getting them trapped trying to get above neutral) and Tail Whip. you pick up one with Huge Power as an investment for later. Huge Power Azumarill is a demon who can help you throughout the game. so maybe the actual answer is Azurill, unintuitively.
which level?
Is this guy trolling recommending Onyx?
He said 6 or7 mmmm 67 sixx seveennnnn sorry
I’ve been singing the praises of the early gen1 butterfree for over a decade.
I started watching, but then I realized I just GameShark everything because I'm a grown ass man who doesn't have time to level grind.
I would say Nidoran is far better than Butterfree as you can literally take Nidoking through the Elite Four.
I remember that the in-game traded Onix from Gold/Silver did not obey my commands. It was the one and only time I had a Pokemon in my team that disobeyed me. So there is that risk when using it against Falkner.
gen ii geodude erasure
pokemon games are so easy and you can just overlelvel your starter and he will probably sweep the first gym. just get who ever you like.
Get a suicune in route 1?
I confess: I've never used Staraptor. And I'm glad glad glad I've never used Staraptor. And if I had my time again, I probably still would never use Staraptor.  (nothing against anyone who likes it though! Every Pokémon is someone's favorite.)
Hariyama my goat mentioned 🙏🙏🙏
All the pokemon I catch first are mexican cuz they aren't afraid to work. Thats why I always win
4:40 MsTeams sound ffs
Did he say 67
My Butterfree has been a mainstay in all of my Yellow playthrough due to it having Sleep Powder and Psybeam.
I have come up with my own main Pokémon teams from each region.  I wonder if there is a YouTube channel who would take a look at it and make a video giving their thoughts on my team and how well I would do with that team in the games.
In yellow I always go Nidoran over Mankey cuz I love Nidoking and u get Nidorino fast making him a good long term investment. Especially since u can have Nidoking as soon as u get a moon stone
15:38 67
24:17 you had me at  Break and steamroll the game 💀😜👌
Bro said 6 or 7 67💀
Flamingo the Flamigo was my unsung hero for both playthroughs.
"Farfetch'd is a terrible pokemon" me: EXCUSE ME? HOW DARE YOU, SIR!?
I think the 1st pokemon you should catch is the first one you see, then defeat all trainers you can access to get the XP, then spam A.
Depending on whether or not you count glitches, since Nidoking is one of the best Pokemon in the game, it's probably true that the glitched level 1 Nidoking you can glitch into existence in Viridian forest is actually the best first pokemon to catch.  (There are other spawns you can get from this glitch, but best I can tell from the information I have, which is little, Nidoking is the best one)
15:38 unfunny number alert
Imagine if rocky the onix had a metal coat huh😮
"Early game and beyond." "EARLY game and BEYOND" Sorry, Gen 1 is still Nidoran. If it was exclusively for the first Gym you'd have a point, but that's not how it's framed. And Nidoking is the Gen 1 speedrun mon for a reason.
The difference between how many Pokémon are available in Black and White vs Sword and Shield in the early game is craaaazy 😂
Tailow with Guts is def the best RSE encounter.
The first Pokemon I ever caught was a shiny hoot hoot when I first started playing Silver. I was so mesmerized by the shiny stars I kept and trained it my entire playthrough. Taught it hypnosis and dream eater, had a blast. I realize now this isn't exactly an optimal strategy but I enjoyed it a lot and will never forget that little owl.
15:38 six seven!!! (dont kill me)
lets go best first pokemon is oddish no doubt
Rookidee is tera stellar tera type
Low kick was not tera stellar tera type
MAAAAAAREEEEP! I don't care if I can't get it till after the first gym! Mareep was always my go to poke
15:38
In gen 1 psychic was so incredibly powerful too that butterfree scaled quite well
I normaly just pick one that looks good
Which zigzagoon the Galar or the hoeon one
Ugh I still hate that game freak actually had the audacity to assume that their game would be so popular that they actually thought us nerds would actually go out and make friends and talk to people just to be able trade ugh. Litterally all the good pokemon are locked behind trades and trade items smh. Gengar, Machamp, Alakazam, steelix, kingdra, and all the new trade evolutions out there.  Smh I'm offended and feel personally attacked by nintendo for making this mechanic. 😜
Me and my level 70 suicune that I caught before doing anything else against the world
I wish you would've talked about or at least shown the other 70 potential encounters for sword and shield. At least the other plausible choices.
Woah you're still creating videos this is insane!
I'm surprised you didnt mention bidoof for Diamond, Pearl or Legends Arceus. That thing is a tank, especially when it evolves at level 15.
Rookidee was my first Galar catch, I taught it Power Trip and Bulk Up and wiped the game
10:57 i must be a dumb dumb but how's that work?  Or is there any practical ways to trade with myself using emulator  (Im using drastic)
Gen 8 : water deity Gen 9 : “caw”
Hawlucha is not weak to rock
I dont know why I never got monkey and just went all in on charmeleon with iron claw in Fire and Red…
People still pretending that Charmander struggles with Brock. 🤣🤣🤣🤣 How bad at Pokémon are you?
I knew it was butterfree, for original after that.
Raltz baby
I'm glad I didn't skip the sponsor. That was great. xD
why do i actually agree on the starly part
i just started shield and i was really ignoring rookidie coz it was always around, then i saw the final evo infront of the stadium and caught one, stuffing it with exp candies and boy oh boy, itachi is amazing
24:34 wh… what lasers???
You can also get an arcanine before the first gym in sword and shield, catch a growlithe and get a fire stone by turning left after crossing the bridge into the 2nd half of the wild area. It gets extreme speed and you can get a normal type boosting item early on.
staraptor stuck on my team my entire first playthrough and combined w my torterra, carried the team all the way to almost end game
great video, 8 minutes in. But confusing thumbnail? looks like caterpie is a great choice for gen 1
Your activitty on the other channels make them go to my subscribction page a lot. It is so sad that I have to unsubscribe because of that.
I always get the feeling this dude struggles more then the average Pokémon player
Hey hey hey, you calm down on that Spearow being a worse bird 🤣
15:39 *hears six seven* *sighs and checks comments*
I think grubbin is also a very good first encounter for sword and shield. It can be caught on route 1, evolves at level 20, the level cap for gym 1, and the thunderstone used to evolve charjabug into vikavolt, can be found in the wild area, in the area left of the motostoke gate. I have used it in many playthroughs all the way to the end
You assume i have friends that i can trade my onix with metal coat with? Ya i rather use a cheat code to just grab a steelix on route 1 or something lol
13:45 don't tell Nintendo this they might start using that arguement fo further damage the industry
Plot twist, Grunty Boi is pursuing a degree in criminology and misunderstood what that meant.
Bro. School been started like a month ago
what about bellsprout? wouldnt be better? in gen 1
I always use Butterfree in Red and Blue.
Now imagine that SAME Staraptor with Reckless ability + double edge and Brave Bird. Total overkill. That mon was the first "starter bird" ever created.
Hariyama is like me, for real (I may have hyperhydrosis. It's a pain in the ass)
12:37 the phrase all the brainrot kids say take a guess before looking
My pidgey was immediately useful in yellow, and swept most types everywhere but Rock. Idk what you're talking about, bro.
In addition to everything you said about Cha, it unintentionally helped me cheese the Ultra Necrozma battle in Ultra Sun. I had it in the back of my party as I led with a Zoroark, since I wanted to play around with one and see how often I could trip up the npc trainers, so Zoroark disguised itself as Cha. Because the ai prioritizes super effective moves, Ultra Necrozma kept spamming Photon Geyser, not realizing that it wasn't doing any damage to the "Hawlucha" in front of it. I had no clue what it was weak to, so I just kept whittling Ultra Necrozma down with every move I had on Zoroark until the light dragon fell. All the while, I was laughing at the sheer absurdity of the situation, as I took down what was regarded as the hardest battle in the game without taking any damage at all.
I've only played Gen 1 to Gen 3 and I've only ever used 1 Pokémon for everything,
He looks like the neighbor kid in the movie Click
15:37  help me there is so many 67 references in my day
Waiting for your reaction vid on how pokemon a-z made mega stones pay to win (rank battles online)
Are we still getting "the best fossil Pokémon in every game video?"
Ayo Onyx is kind of one of those "...ayo wtf is that" kind of pokemon... bro's a rock snake 😂 I know some of the other Pokemon exhibit elemental features as well... but bro's literally not a legendary or anything and is just a long set of sentient rocks 😂 and THEN ...he evolves to become solid metal... 🤣🤣🤣
15:37 Micheal I would like to let you know that I am very upset that you decided to say "6 7" in one of your videos. Please refrain from using this phrase in future videos for the likeness of your younger audience, because "6 7" is an annoying and overdone meme.
I was thinking geodude for round 2 but stealex makes sence 4:26
What im hearing is that ppl these days are playing pokemon on ez mode... bring back complicated difficult pokemon games...
You're smoking something strong if you actually think that Caterpie or Mankey is worth catching more than freaking Nidoran. Or Clefairy, for that matter. Same with Bellsprout over Nidoran, Mareep, Abra, or Geodude. And Slackoth over Abra, Ralts, Electrike, Shroomish, and Lotad.
I usually level my basic pokemon to level 20 before going to the 1st gym. Ez win no need to catch pokemon I dont want 🥳
2:50  I want to go to the medical school where butterfree got its anethesiologist certification.  8:35  The onix editing was peak.  18:35  I see what you did there.  21:34  That is a much worse bird!
Gen 1 u can cacth caterpie later too, so it must be nidoking, it only gets better…
Honorable mention for gen 2. You can access part of route 36 before you take on falkner and catch yourself a growlithe. Once it learns ember it will destroy sprout tower, falkner, and single handedly destroy the next gym leader.
Saying nidoran male isn’t the best in gen 1 is just false. Source: former gen 1 speedrunner here…
Hawlucha is not weak to rock
2:17 or you know Mankey who learns low kick at level 9 and doesn’t have a weakness to rock typing plus still advantageous for misty.
1:07 it’s literally not though when talking about numbers and represents a decimal point so you are claiming onyx’s defense is 100.60 not 160.
That's the best clickbaity thumbnail ever 😂
15:37
Onix is absolutely NOT the ideal pokemon to pick up for a Johto playthrough. Instead, go into Dark Cave and pick up a Geodude. Same typing, but better stats and moves. Rock Throw for 1st and 2nd gyms. Magnitude/Rollout to deal with most of the rest of the game, and even the emergency Self-Destruct.
67
Ohhhhhhhh boyyyyy we are so back
I was literally subbed yesterday. I was watching your video and I was like “I should sub”… and I immediately did that. Now I’m looking and I’m not subbed🤨🤨 but I’m gonna re-sub for you, bro!! We appreciate the fire content‼️
Video idea: make a new charecter, "Mikey the Painter", base it on an medivel french painter/pokemon trainer, and play pokemon infinite fusion using only Smeargle fusions, most of them very cool, and i think a video like that can be very funny and loveble with your humore and charisma
I'd argue Geodude is better than Onix in GSC/HGSS because it has a much higher attack stat and is easier to evolve, but Steelix is still good.  Also, having both Quaquaval and Flamigo on the same team is perfectly okay because their respective primary types (Water and Flying) are both valuable individual types, too. They just happen to be Fighting-types as well.
Where is team sky in Pokemon ultra moon or ultra sun but more or so ultra moon
Bring back Pokémon talk
Six sevennnnn
Hey, that's not fair! I didn't get notified for this video!
staraptor uses close combat. its defense can go any lower.
i disagree with gen 1 butterfree. nidoran is better. consider the same scenario of charmander you used. you can have a very early nidoking b4 misty. nidoking plows through gym 1-5 easily. i argue even faster than butterfree + charmander/charmeleon
the onix rocky is named Aaron in the german version of the game...why would they do that xD
Gen 2 crystal has Geodude catchable before facing falcner.
Playing SoulSilver first time, didnt know hypnosis was this early of a level up move.
OMG, I love your vids keep them up!!!  ;3
Tells me to get Butterfree gen 1, turns off video. Useless past Brock and you need to evolve a Metapod which is a pain in the butt to do with no exp share. JK, watched the rest of the video. Rest of the suggestions were fine lol.
Not sure if it got patched, but early on in SV you can ledge skip by throwing to start a fight in a previously inaccessible area. Doing this let's you get to the Lv50 Leafeon before Mesagoza ... Just catching it is the issue 😂
Can you make a video on fixing the pokemon type chart
19:24 NO GO TEAM SKY!!! HAIL AGGRON!!!
19:23 he came to his senses
Ya'll ngl, when I first started playing pokemon (my first game was HG) I thought Onix was a level up evo
Since Sp attack and sp defense were one stat in gen 1 I think attack and defense may as well have been one stat
Sup Michael!! Did you get your shiny Koraidon and Miraidon from the event? 😂😂
4:50 the fast that the first town gives you three hard counters to Whitney always made me confused people had such a hard time with her.  Rocky, mud-slap and depending on the time you play, curse gastly.
15:38 of course Mikey would unintentionally make a 67 joke
Hi
I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee hawlucha so much mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
The 6 7 joke is crazy
15:39 YOU FOOL! DON’T YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE DONE?
in my first playthough, butterboy was in my team, he is the man :)
It *is* possible to escape the tutorial area in Scarlet and Violet without going to Mesagoza, though.  You just can't challenge any gym until you kick off the story.
For Hariyama, I would advocate for thick fat being a better ability than guts on a classic run.   Unless you're in a version of a game were fire orb is a thing, you have to continuously burn or poison your Pokemon alongside the ride to get value of guts. Which is a hustle to say the least. Plus if you have already guts swellow in your party (which is a very big contender for best 1st party member?), you're doing it for 2 Pokemons.   Then if you plan on using belly drum. Guts is useless.   Also with Haryiama you really want to go for set up strats. In the game you can also go earlier on with bulk up, that makuhita gets on his own. But Hariyama only have good hp to secure his set up. His defense and special defense are kind of crap. So bulk up gets even more interesting.   Thik fat gives you virtually the same bonus as 2 resistances against fire and ice. Which is huge for the crappy defense stats of Hariyama. Fire which is everywhere with team magma, also good against Flannery. And an elite four member. And just 2 types in the whole game. It's pretty great.
What this video made me realize is that so many games have bug or grass early gyms. Honestly they could have innovated after so many years and chose not to
2:52 uhh... you mean anaesthetist?
are you going to talk how shitty Nintendo or should I say Shitendo is? Patenting creature summoning and riding them
YOU USED CATERPIE IN THE START SO YOU CALLED IT WEAK CATERPIES MY FAVORATE POKEMON
Hi, Guy Stickman here! When my creator Joey Minch was playing Pokémon Quest on the Nintendo Switch 2, he put some new pokemon in training, but he wasn't sure what it meant. And as soon as he found out that he actually gave them away, he stopped playing that game ever since. It was his first time playing. He just got Snorlox, by the way.
12th video of waiting for GREETINGS POKEFANS
Next the same video just bug abusing included like gen 1 lv 100 gengar or nidoking. 👌🏽
I finally found your channel! hahaha
Grunty Boi ad start: 11:31 *Grunty Boi ad end:* 13:00 Thank me (and send death threats) later. :]
Yo, what's that pelicunt seagull thing in Pokemon Sapphire?
15:39 you already know
15:38 Mikey just clip farming at this point
Uhhh salamence much?
67
Has anyone ever told you that you’re like the Ted Lasso of Pokémon? Because you’re the Ted Lasso of Pokémon.
Did you say 6.    7
How do I use the universal randomizer on the phone emulators?
0:46 Not the big of a problem with Charmander. Geodude and Onix’s low Special vastly outweighs their resistance to fire moves.
I never worried that hard in my life about how to defeat Onyx.
If you don't have a Blaziken my Flannery you're doing it wrong
For gen 2 I always go for geodude, learns rock throw earlier and has almost twice the attack of onix. Steelix has a better typing than golem though so it's probably still better late game
I'm sorry I wasn't listening.. I was lost in your eyes!
It sounded like you were saying "Maga-lucario"
Mandjtv please play pokemon recharged emerald it's a pokemon ROM hack that adds alot of improvements could you please try it
It's funny how gen2 gives you one single solution to Falkner and it's not even that good, while gen3 just showers you with solutions to Roxanne.  Shroomish is great and Breloom is one of the coolest pokemon in gen3.  Wingull is very useful in early game with STAB super effective damage against Roxanne, Brawly and all bugs and plants, and it evolves into Pelipper, which is a half-decent HM friend with Surf, Fly and in-battle walling potential.  Marill destroys Roxanne too and as an Azumarill it also destroys Flannery and the entire Emerald Magma Hideout. And it's a good HM friend, with access to Surf, Strength, Rock Smash, Waterfall and Dive. Bonus points for getting one with Huge Power and making it into a bulky physical sweeper with Double Edge, Return or Strength, Rollout, and other funny TMs it learns such as Brick Break, Iron Tail, Rollout, Hyper Beam, Dig and Focus Punch.  Dustox and Beautifly are good against Roxanne and Brawly with their special attacks and resistances.  Ralts is super weak and Abra evolves too late to compete with the others for Roxanne, but they're strong for later.  Oh, and I forgot about Lotad and Seedot, and didn't even know about the Makuhita trade lol
13:59 just monkey your way out🤣🤣
In your "Best Starter Pokémon if Every Game had ALL of Them" yo forgot the fact that the Bulbasaur line doesn't learn any damaging poison type moves through level up!!!!!
2:10 Full heal doesn't cure confusion in Gen I (I didn't realize it ever did TBH).
me just using my overleveled starter to solo more than 75% of battles
In sun/moon you need to catch Pichu, Zorua, and Hawlucha
Question, have you thought about making a video were you are racking all of ash's gym battles from the anime? I think it's would be interesting to hear your thoughts about them. Like the battle with Elesa in Unova, like, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING ASH! YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE AN EXPERIENCED POKEMON TRAINER, AND YOU DECIDED TO CHALLENGE HER WITH ONLY PALPITOAD! ONE POKEMON AGAINST ELESA'S THREE! THEN YOU LEFT THE  BATTLE TO GET AN OTHER POKEMON, WHICH IS ILLEGAL, AND THE POKEMON YOU CHOOSE WAS YOUR FEMALE SNIVY AGAINST ELESA'S FEMALE EMOLGA! AND YOU STILL YOU HAVE SNIVY USE ATTRACT ON HER EMOLGA! God, I hate the Black and White anime so much!
Hey pokefans
ever since Gen 8 came out, Corviknight has bar none been my absolute FAVORITE flying type. The moveset, the design, the lore, the name, the EVERYTHING! Its basically a perfect pokemon imo, the whole line is great
I watched this mostly for the future playthroughs I'm going to start but I guess I secretly stayed to be vindicated with Flamigo. When I first played SV I went in blind and caught one immediately and was disappointed initially that it didn't evolve, but it went on to sweep all the gyms and it was no longer disappointing.
If you're using special moves when you have Charmander then you can just use Ember. You don't need the Caterpie
15:39  no way he said 67
Could have swore you could get Abra (and evolve to Kadabra) before the first gym. Much more useful if you can trade and evolve to Allakazam(sp?) in trade than Butterfree later.
Me usually pidgy he’s solid
Bro literally said BRICK ,YEAH brock's gonna use a FULL HEAL ,THAT DUDE DOESN'T EVEN USE POTUON AND A FULL HEAL? 💀💀
Sooo fun facts you can actually get to the rest of the game without the ride Pokemon in Scarlet and Violet. I did it on accident by locking onto a Pokemon on the other side of a ledge and starting a battle.
I ended up with a kricketune early in Brilliant Diamond and that motherfucker carried my team for a hot minute.
There's also Growlithe for Galar... And you can get the Fire Stone as well, so you get an Arcanine. AND, as Arcanine is a stone evolution, you can teach it EVERY MOVE IT LEARNS BY LEVEL with the move reminder.
15:41 he said 6 7😱
The best for Alola is the level 9 Salamance with the sos chain. Easily
"I want to thank my anesthesiologist because i can't remember them, also i think they stole my wallet."                                                                                                                                               - everyone who has to deal with Butterfree in Gen 1
Poliwag is available on route 22 in lets go so it IS possible to get a water type before brock.
Gen 4 mentioned, I immediately knew starly was going to be mentioned
I just bullet seeded my way to victory against Brock
Love watching these videos as I'm learning at the same time. Played Pokémon Gen 1,2, and stopped with Gen 3 as a kid so when I came back to play it again years and years later there's like 800 Pokémon I've never heard of lol. Been playing each game in order and finally I actually know what your talking about for most of it
When are you going to do Pokémon sword or shield but I’m team sky!
You can actually get a mareep just south of the first gym town
Cha can also be used to cheese Ultra Necrozma by using a Zorua/Zoruark copying it which then causes Ultra to do absolutely nothing until it runs out of photon geyser PP
Aloo khaoge
Being a Pokemon fan nowadays is tough man.
15:38 he says, 6 or 7. 6, 7!
I figured out how good butterfree was against Brock a few years ago & I got pretty mad. The very first Pokemon gym is so bad at teaching the player type advantage.
67 MENTIONED
15:37 67
26:44 we love him
I'd love to see a video where you would rank all mid evolutions from least favorite to favorite. Just an idea. Love your vids. Go Team SKY!
Makit is actually pretty useless until after defeating Brawly. Makuhita doesn't learn a fighting move until level 10, and at level 11, Makit won't obey. Roxanne's badge in the original Gen 3 Hoenn games does not make Pokemon up to level 20 obey you. That's only in ORAS. Brawly's badge makes Pokemon up to level 30 obey though. Thought I'd call this out.
i think wingull is the best hoenn catch because Blaziken is the best starter and wingull covers the first two gyms
actually ho-ho is the best in sword
10:55, dealing with annoyances for power. 17:42, sweat... 21:33, funny.
Good list- most of which I guessed beforehand.  The only downside with Rocky the Onix that I'd experienced and was conspiciously omitted from this video... if you accidentally raise it too high, it starts to disobey you. But when I first got these game I'd overly prepare my levels before major battles. But still, it wasn't enjoyable constantly having to deal with the disobedience dialogue and not being able to do anything
15:38 say that again?
I cant be the only one who heard six or seven
19:38 WHERE DID YOU (i mean katie) GET THOSE SPRITES I NEVER GOT AN ANSWER 😫
2:33 NUH UH I caught a shiny caterpie, named it Pie, evolved it to butterfree, and kept it all the way to the end of the game, with it clutching a very surprising amount of battles. Like it seriously carried and I was concerned for the other team due to it just being unstoppable
15:38 67 boiiii
Onix got no stone type move, just ember it down with charmander. No need to catch smth ...
8:45 uh… i got a nidoran male on the same route as uh that mankey…
Ca you update your official colors of Pokémon review, incase more Pokémon were added to the color category.
Plsss a new then vs now
my team in Pokemon Y were Delfox, Charizard, Talon flame, Lucario, Goodra, and my boy Shiny Heleoisk
“6 or 7”lol
Nidoran male in Yellow. Level 12, Double-Kick, no problem. Onix' defense doesn't matter there.
Butterfree was actually a major heavy hitter, and helped carry my team in yellow version when I first played through.
So I heard you like mudkipz
I always get Mankey to help with Brock lol
!!!! I yelled at my phone when you said Flamigo!!  That's my 6-year-old's favorite pokémon so naturally I am now a Flamigo Stan!   My kid even decided that Flamigo has a new signature move called Iron Beak !  Flamigo Bros 4 Life!!!
23:58 wait isnt the crown tundra locked to being champion? I thought only the 1st dlc was accessable before becoming champion in the 8th and 9th gens?  Edit: apparently it was at one point but they changed it so i was technically right, kinda sucks though imho, both dlc should be post game imho.
21:36 i mean Hawlucha isnt very girly of a pokemon is it, plus it doesnt evolve which automatically disqualifys it from any of my teams until Legends Z-A where i might use one for Mega Hawlucha, if it doesn't evolve it aint going on my team unless its a legendary pokemon, though i guess i did use Flamigo for a long time before i replaced it for a pokemon that could evolve
I would say Mareep is the better option for the remakes, solely because again Steelix is a trade evolution and you cant obtain him unless you have someone else to trade with or a 2nd copy of the game and a 2nd ds which not everyone has, the sole treason trade evolutions like Steelix, Scizzor and Alakazam suck in older games where you can't just catch the evolution in game, side note i kinda want to use a Scizzor at some point but this is the reason why i have never used such a great pokemon and thats sad, Poke on really just needs to drop trade evolutions and just give them a level to evolve at imho, trade evolutions are a thing of the past that needs to die out since well not everyone can access them
Alakazam is also a trade evolution so its not viable for playthroughs the same way steelix isnt since youd have to trade it to evolve, i honestly wish Pokemon would do away with trade evolutions, i hate having to buy 2 games just to evolve a pokemon
I mean sure Onix's defence is through the roof but Mankey's stab fighting moves still destroy it easily since as you said, they don't know any rock type moves
I used butterfree in sword until gym 6
15:37  67
In 3rd gen swellow guts sweep the entire game is literally the strongest mon of the game
I watched this video to just headbutt my way up on Legends: Arceus.
Team Sky is eating good when it comes to options. What’s your new team of 6 for Team Sky? Mine is Charizard, Corvaknight, Honchcrow, Togakiss, Kilowattrel, and Gliscor.
I disagree so hard with the gen 1 and 2 choices. butterfree and bellsprout are terrible pokemon. the clear choices are nidoran for nidoking or pidgey for a fly user in gen 1, and sentret in gen 2 for a surf user
I would also like to add Inkay as an excellent choice for Ultra Sun and Moon. Topsy-turvy is very good for the Totem Pokemon and ultra Necrozma.
67
9:50 Starly was a must for me in any diamond playthrough
Not geodude for gen 2 is crazy to me. Every person who complains about miltank needs to get a geodude and teach it mudslap. It destroys so much of the early game by itself.
21:02 Hawlucha is actually not even weak to Rock.
Wow belly drum and brine sounds OP
Funny just watch on tik tok the first part of this movie, and now it just appears random after ending another YouTube video
It really is a shame that Pokémon had to stay a kid game because if they at least gave us the opportunity to try a harder difficulty within the actual games, trying to be far more inclined to buy all of these newer games
Bellsprout
6-7 riolu yooooo
Staraptor and Corviknight are my goat birds fr
15:58 level what?? 🧟
You know, you missed a chance for a good joke about trading the Spearow for the Hawlucha. "So if by chance you still have that Spearow you stole back in Gen 2 you can finally trade in Kenya the Spearow for the much desired Cha the Hawlucha."
You used the monkeys in gen 5 cause I only USED the monkey. I had Purrloin use Assist can copy the monkey's moves while staying true to my Dark team play style. (Tricky sure, but I really didn't like the monkeys' designs. I refused to see them on my team.)
Hold up, you want them to use the traded Onix as top pick for Gen 2? Sure it's hard to find but there's better options. You Can get a Geodude if you're still pushing "rock type" strategy but Dunsparce is in the cave right before the first gym. Get a female Dunsparce so no Attracts will work and let it learn Rage and it can and will sweep the first 3 gyms. (Even that Miltank thanks to Clefairy's Double Slap boosting Rage multiple times with each use.)
Is anyone talking about the little editing details through the video? Very good subtle edits to make the video more immersive
I'd argue geodude is the better catch in Gen 2.  Mainly because Rocky will start disobeying you rather quickly.  Plus geodude learns Rock Throw at level 11 which be used to do super effective damage against Falkner and Bugsy's teams.  Plus Falkner will spam Mud Slap if you use either.  So it might be a good idea to bring along a flying type in order to annoy Falkner with some switch in shenanigans.
Grunty Boii is the best video sponsor. Never get rid of him.
You made a mistake in the video,  Hawlucha is not weak to Rock, because it's a Fighting/Flying type, Fighting resists Rock and Flying is weak to Rock, and so Hawlucha is neutral to Rock
20:19 what about salamence
Falkner be like: everyone so focused on Siegfried nobody noticed my cheated level9 Mon😎
15:37 67!!!
We need a Team Sky playthrough in Alola
Go Team SKYYYYYY!
15:39  oh no…. the branrotted kids are already coming spammin 6-7
15:38 oh my days
In Scarlett and Violet, you can break out of the tutorial area before getting the bike, and explore most of the world on foot. I got a couple of the legendaries before getting the bike and starting the gyms
6,7
18:25 i'm actually slightly disappointed you didn't do a fake out joke to bring up Salamence at the last second to replace Pikipek
10:19 I can't say enough about how much nostalgia I have for Staraptor. It was on my final BDSP team and also on my final team in Violet, but it did absolutely nothing in Violet because it got crit one shot by a Freeze-Dry from Turo's Iron Bundle. RIP Eric Jr and Eric Sr.
Personally, I lean towards Pidgey for the original games. Sand attack would cause the opponents next attack to miss 100% of the time and after multiple sand attacks, opponents would have 0 accuracy. Abusing this, I took a level 12 pidgey and a magikarp to duo the Elite Four. ^_^
I remember using cha in my first ultra sun play through and it dominated the alola region
Hey, I have an idea for a video I wpuld like to see from you.  The longest evolution is every game based on evolution level (obviously) BUT also taking into account the highest level you can catch the pre evolution forms.
15:39 67 reference?
For me at least during my first ever HG playthrough back when it came out, Zubat/Crobat ended up coming with me until the end of the game. It evolved at its usual level 22 and then no bs, level 23 it evolved into Crobat before I went against Whitney. It basically outsped so many Pokémon that I couldn't remove her from my team and changed my view on how annoying Zubat were back then as a kid lol
When I found this channel and heard him speak I thought I accidentally clicked a Greg Doucette video
Can u do best starter for roria conquest?
What's the best free emulator for android for pokemon games
Video idea Best game for every Pokemon types, if using only one type of Pokemon
Say no to Nintendo
Can you please play PokeMMO
Finally
Beautifly tho 10:16
0:06 3 out of 5 friends on screen
LEVEL 6 OR 7 SOO TUFF BOIIII
Do a team sky video in the galar region and conquer the eternamax skies with the goat corvinight
Its pretty funny him denying Nido against onyx when its optimal for speed running 😂
I don't know if anyone mentioned this, but another great starter if you have the DLC for Sword and Shield is Kubfu. Even though you need about two or three Gym Badges to control it (at least from my experience), it has a great base total of 550 when it's evolved into Urshifu (doesn't matter which form), with incredible Attack and Defense stats.   Now choosing which form to go for is risky. While the Single-Strike Form has fewer weaknesses (Fairy, Fighting, and Flying), it's quadruple weak to Fairy Types and its Special Defense is not so great, whereas the Rapid-Strike form has 5 weaknesses (Psychic, Fairy, Grass, Eletric, and Flying) but is only double weak to all. I went with the Single-Strike Form to deal with Allister's Ghost Types but boxed it for Opal's Pokémon. Either way, it's a great Pokémon (in my opinion).  Edit: I forgot to mention that it's relatively easy to beat Klara and Avery no matter which game you're on, and you can deal with Mustard relatively easy as long as Rookidee has a few flying moves.
Dude in yellow pikachu can dominate with low kick, and so can mankey....
Before I start watching, I'll definitely give it a like. And I'll say that I personally completed FireRed using only Blastoise and Raticate
You forgot Pixelmon reforged 😢
six seven
Please make top fire starters
12:22 I though you said “Cool meat” 😭
15:39 six seven 😂
13:56 I love your statement Mikey
6-7 16:17
15:38
10:19 I unironically just don’t like Staraptor that much 💀🙏 (and I haven’t gotten around to playing platinum(the only real version of Sinnoh) so I haven’t played with HMs in Sinnoh yet
may be a hot take, i actually really enjoy two of the monkeys in gen 5.  i always take pansage in black/black2 but i have a panpour in pokemon X of all places that  actually is my team's ace.  i mean to the point that its 94 and the rest of my team is just over 75.
4:49 they can have a really big trophy bellsprout can have a little bellsprout-ideal apartment in it and onyx can keep it on his shelf, they can be roommates
Can we speak on how funny (or ironic depending on how you look at it) it is that hawlucha wasn’t in the base game of sun and moon at the same time a certain Pokémon was introduced. If ya know ya know 👀🤣
15:39 AYYY AY 67 BOI TS SO TUFF
My joy when you brought up flamigo, bonus points, you can teach flamigo close combat and it bodies the elite four baxcalibur and the professor's roaring moon if you're playing scarlet.
Did bro forget salamence before Hala?
15:42 ahem
"the nightmares about my teeth falling out at prom get worse?" *skips* "just crime!"
15:38. 67!!!!!
So sad that you didn't mention the level 3 salamence in Alola 😥
…I’m going to guess Hariyama because it’s a Sumo Wrestler and they throw salt on the ring to ritually purify it… so actually cleansing, not gross sweat. So maybe Hariyama should get Salt Cure.
Steelix doesnt need a trade to evlove in HG/SS anymore
In Gen 1, in addition to the lack of rock moves, butterfree would have only been 2x weak due to single typing
I have never had luck with the pikipeck line
Onyx is worse than Geodude…
For the alolan one the lv 2 salamence you can get via the horde battles should be better?
I like a friendly discussion; I'm not saying your opinion is objectively wrong.  I feel like Mankey is more instantly usable in Yellow than Caterpie. Evolving Cat/Meta into Butterfree is a grind, even though it evolves at level 10 lol. Plus, Mankey/ Primeape has good speed, insta-crit karate chop, and type diversity with dig and rock slide, making it useful in late game as well. My opinion is surely biased because Primeape is one of my favorite gen 1 Pokémon lol. I also just want to throw out that you can absolutely beat Brock with a Charmander because ember still does a decent amount of damage even though it's resisted.  Geodude is better than Onix in G/S/C. It learns rock throw at level 11 and since you can catch it in the wild (in 2 locations before Falkner) it will always obey you in battle. Onix has terrible attack and will ignore your orders if you try to level it up to get rock throw before Whitney. Geodude also learns magnitude at a pretty low well as well, so you can use dig on a Pokémon that will still know it late game. My point with that is you might teach dig to a ground Pokémon for STAB, then replace it with earthquake, and now you need escape ropes. Teach dig to like Cyndaquil or Totodile and they'll likely keep it to the end of the game for type-countering. Steelix is great, but Geodude is very useful against the first 3 gyms, so I would argue it's really the first Pokémon you should catch; you can get a Steelix later.
22:58 *me, a die hard Squirtle fan: I beg your pardon?
Good Job Grunty Boy! You got this! Furthering education is fantastic! Plus with is Masters he will be anle to pay back those potential loans no problem… or just steal a degree… that could work too…
IIRC I actually got a rayquaza on my first dynamax raid adventure. I cant get that out of my head because I never forget that moment.
17:40 That nearly broke me while driving 😂
Gen 2: Ghastly >>>> Bellsprout/Onix
The first Pokemon you should catch in BW is Mienshao, which is found in the grass outside Dragonspiral Tower. The first Pokemon you should catch in BW2 is Mienshao, which is found in the grass outside Dragonispiral Tower. The first Pokemon you should catch in XY is Mienfoo (so that you can later evolve it into a Mienshao), which is found in the grass on Route 14. The first Pokemon you should catch in USUM is Mienfoo (so that you can later evolve it into a Mienshao), which is found in Vast Poni Canyon. The first Pokemon you should catch in SW/SH will require access to the DLC, so that you have access to the wandering Mienshao in Challenge Road. The first Pokemon you should catch in S/V is Mienshao in a Tera Raid Battle.
isnt it just always magikarp
21:05 hawlucha is not weak to rock
Okay I've got an idea for a video: most ridiculously strong Pokémon before every gym. Like you can get Gyarados in Sinnoh before the first gym. It's still garbage because it only learns Bite at level up which does nothing to rock types, but it's kinda funny.
I used a Flamigo in my first violet playthrough when the game first came out and remember it being a HUGE MLP on my team!
15:37 six seven
Butterfree was in my first team
1:08 With less HP and attack than oddish.
Zigzagoon is the best 3rd gen first pokemon simply because Linoone is capable of learning basically every HM and every team needs an HM pokemon lol
@mandjtv  have you done a video where you level all the gym leaders Pokémon at like 50 and see which gym leaders really have the strongest team in each game?
This man knows nothing about gen 3 , tailow is teh single best encounter in all of gen 3 , it can not only be found early but can litearlly solo the game with guts and awful stats
The fact that raycon has sponsored this man over 8 times, then you should probably already know that they're goated
Strange video, example 1 and 2 already suck for most of the game, they aren't exactly "best" pokemon, just one of the first gym counters.
Steelix in endgame and thanos wouldn't even stand a chance😂🤝🏽
Grundy boi: “just crime.” Lmao 😂
You can just get the metal coat from the pokeathlon in the gen 2 remakes.
4:43 when can you trade a poke that has been traded? Thought it was capped at one like that trade for haunter that's holding everstone just for spite not the move ha
I mean a double-kicking nidoran is what saved my first ever gen 1 playthrough facing brock lol
Growlithe is an insane first catch in SwSh. It appears in the wild area when the weather's sunny. You find a fire stone in the wild area. Immediately evolve it and use the move reminder in the Pokemon Center to teach it some of its best moves.
Boost its friendship at lvl 6-7… 67
Please, please react to "Beat Leaf Green with the Least Used Pokemon in Kanto" by Hermes.
20:08 are you sure it’s not the level 17 Salamance?
Why not get a mew for gen 1? You can get one in viridian with a glitch
I used rookidee/corvinight all the way through the game
Boo gen3 first catch is zigzagoon for pickup ability
15:38 SIX SEVEEENNNNNN
13:50 Heck yeah, my boys the elemental monkeys get some positive light  even if for only 10 seconds...
13:14 can't you also get Audino? Coulda sworn back in the day I got an Audino from Route 1
IMO, the best Pokemon to catch early on in Gen 2 games is Geodude, caught on Route 46 in the tall grass.  It learns Rock Throw at level 11.  But, Rocky is a good alternative.  Also, slight correction.  Hawlucha is not weak to Rock type attacks due to it's Fighting type countering it's Flying type's weakness.  It takes normal damage from Rock attacks.
Raticate and it's hyper fang, that move is very strong
caterpie/scatterbug are always among my first picks when available. Coumpound eyes + sleep powder is THAT good. Though Butterfree/Vivillon have poor stats, they evolve early and around unevolved mons, they hit like a truck. The fact they are out powered quickly can also be turned to an advantage, especially when it comes to catching. Less power in your party = less of a risk to OS wild mons, and that's where coumpound eyes + sleep powder comes in handy.
15:37 6 or 7
but there is a problem with Abra. we all already know how painful to catch it, right? it will teleport immediately if you didn't catch it within first throw of pokeball, which is very tricky and frustrating. oh and also it only know teleport until evolved to Kadabra. so yeah, have fun doing switch leveling then lolz......😂😂😂
Charmander learns metal claw
I may not have my DS’s or my games anymore. I have Pokémon yellow from my childhood best friend, and I still have my action replay that I came across at Karm by sheer grace
the very first pokemon in shield I ran into (after getting pokeballs) was a Rookidee, I had planned out my team before hand and I wasn't *planning* on using it but the game said "naw, you're gonna run a Rookidee."  it did this by making it *Shiny,* giving it the *Teary Mark,* and having *Pokerus* for good measure. so yeah.... I ran a Rookidee...  (the team was originally gonna be Cinderace, Indeedee, Cursola, Appletun, Toxitricity, and Falinks with back ups if i wasn't vibing with some of these being Frosmoth, Runerigus, one of the fossils, Dragopult, or Hatterene)
I would like to bring up my honorable mention growlith in Pokémon crystal who can be caught in that small patch of grass in the left of the town
I usually keep Butterfree on my team whenever possible since Gen 1 is like... 60% poison types. Team Rocket especially loves using them.
15:38 you gave me PTSD
I don't agree with onix in G/S/C. For me always first choice was..Geodude! From route 29 you go up to route 46 and have plenty of geodudes there. at lvl 11 you already have rock throw and demolish first two gyms. and his rock/ground type was always cool to have in older gens (there were no tyranitars yet)
I think the best pokemon to catch in generation 2 is a Geodude. It has better attack than onyx and it can realmy help in the longgame. I taught mine ROLLOUT and used it against Whitney and it was a BREEZE! Normal type moves are not very effective and also is Milltank's rollout! It was the easiest fight I had the entire game.
19:24 I was not excepting this and I got GO TEAM SKY jump scared
14:42  , what about marill ? it got huge power . and it can learn ice punch  for the dragon types in the game .  good water/ice types like lapras and starme are too late in the game anyway .it does overlap with a starter but so does raiolu . it good fine moves like aqua tail /waterfall (stab) ice punch superpower/brick break bulldoze/dig  besides you need a water type for surf anyway
15:38 6777
Christ imagine being married to this guy and his voice 💀
I didnt use the sino bird cause I dint want to use flying types when I was younger never used hm fly if I remember
15:40 six or seven 💀
Best to avoid pokemon so long as Nintendo keeps doing bs lawsuits and patents
15:37 at what level?! 😱
Zigzagoon. Early STAB Headbutt, broken Belly Drum later.
15:37 did he say… 6 7?
This is the only channel where I don’t fast-forward through the sponsorship ads, because Grunty Boy is just so entertaining! I love his silly voice and outfit. It makes me smile every time.
I mean ... 13:00 I brute forced my way through that with snivy. Plus I may or may not have grinded a bit...
15:37 i cant escape it
6:07 smash
I'd argue for the Fletchling in X/Y. Great against the 1st gym, falls off in the 2nd, but the eventual Gale wings Talonflame is a beast.
I will now call any Hariyama i catch Bakugo
lol butterfree over nidoking is wild. Nidoran double kick wipes the floor with brock because of his trash moves. Nidoran also has staying power in the late game compared to butterfree! Rock slide and earthquake are perfect coverage.
ive been using raycon for years and there generally Great!
You could just use a sabeleye for the brawly fight. It can’t take damage
Actually in fire red I always choose charmander. Brock is still easy cause charmander learns some steel type move
Hol up, alola's best is not the salamence via SOS bagon????!????
Holy clipped audio Batman that’s some crunchy speech
I keep forgetting Brock has no rock moves in gen 1
24:22 but will the suicide obey because there is lots of LV caps and you need to beat every gym to able to use sucine?
19:33 İm every video you need to say this by the way I found a team sky mountain and took a picture but apparently it stayed on my old phone
...Alright, but can you do this list for people who hate in-game trades?
What about of dish in FR and LG. Leech seed, poison powder, absorb and growth
15:38 (just watch it)
7:16 that evo line is my fav
15:37 There's no way that was a mistake... SIX SEEEEEVEEEEN
So many people forget that linoone can solo the entire elite 4 in gen 3
I loved my semisage😅 why does everyone hate them. Well, the Semisage, had a good move pull. lol idk
Hot take, but I think the gen 5 monkeys are cooler than lucario
15:36 6-7💔🥀
15:38 wait what level? say that again
23:26 I really fully played Pokémon Let's Go Pikachu... but I still can't remember using Mega Evolution in those games!  You said it in a previous video too.... can't believe I skipped it apparently(?)
Cha just aura farming at this point 🗣️🔥
Sorry mate, but I reckon Shinx is the pick for Sinnoh, not clique Starly.
21:06 hawlucha is not weak to rock! It's fighting type resists it
Really goes to show how GameFreak wanted to get players use to trading as early as possible in most of the games
No, Hawlucha is not weak to rock (@21:10)
Nightmares about your teeth is linked to anxiety. How i deal with anxiety? I take a spoonful of hot sauce. It makes you breathe deeper, drink more water, gives you endorphins and the pain will distract the mind from your thoughts. Only bad thing is heartburn and dont touch your eyes. Seek professional help if anxiety persists.
You are the only youtuber where i dont skip through the promotion. Grunty boy is pretty good
My favorite thing Michael has ever said is, 'It's a f***ing Beyblade
imagine pulling up to milos gym with a suicune 💀
Wait, why is Onix only the second highest?? Who has more defense???
Y'all don't immediately evolve riolu? I've literally never used a Riolu for more than one level. Just run around for a bit and evolve.
TLDR 1 Butterfree 2 Bellsprout (Onix) 3 Slakoth (Makuhita) / Abra / Mankey 4 Starly / Bellsprout (Onix) 5 elemental monkey / Riolu 6 Riolu / Slakoth (Makuhita) 7 Pikipek / Spearow (Hawlucha) / Bulbasaur 8 Rookidee / Starly / Buizel 9 Flamigo
17:45 I think because of Sumo Wrestlers tossing salt before a match. and sweat 😆
The GSC take is SO wrong it hurts. Like he mentioned, Onix doesn't get an early Rock move, but ALSO it has crazy low attack and if it hits level 20 before you face Bugsy (which isn't hard, it gets boosted exp), it'll just straight up stop obeying you. The ACTUAL answer is Geodude. Geodude gets rock throw earlier and its attack is almost TWICE Onix's. You can pick it up at Route 46, literally the second available route. There are plenty of trainers and wild Pokemon before Faulkner - and they're mostly using weak Normal moves and Poison Sting, which Geodude resists. Geodude can also evolve into Graveler and wreck Morty's team with STAB ground moves. Plus, unlike Onix, which is pretty useless if you can't evolve it, Graveler gets Explosion, which hadn't been nerfed yet. Literally insane how bad this take is 🤪
For sun and moon or ultra sun... i would have chosen salamence...
Remeber when he was talking about skaemorys great typing in ironmon challenge
For johto, Golem is the best pokemon since it Can take care of everything, all the gyms, even pryce and the steel type, especially since it can learn rock polish so early and you get a free Rock Tomb TM so early, mareep is not that great, electric types are not really useful.
Geodude is a better pick for early game and with a trade evo also isnt terrible to run to end game with in gen 2
I stumbled across the hawlucha trade in my ultra sun play through and proceeded to sweep the entire game with Cha. In memory of how much fun I had in that game. I’m using a Hawlucha in ZA named Cha so he can reach his true potential
15:39 6-7
Struggling on the first gym is a joke anyway, you don't need these pokemon at all
Excelent edit with the sprites. Love it, it really shows the work you put out. They look fantastic like a presentation
Saw clips of this on TikTok and had to come and watch the whole thig
15:38 6,7?
In gen 1, for the times I chose Charmander or played yellow, I, even being a young child, knew Butterfree was the best choice. Confusion is just so good against Brock and he doesn't have any rock type moves in gen 1. I think he ends up having rock tomb in gen 3, but Butterfree can still one-shot them, since sturdy wasn't the free focus sash it is now.
@MandJTV this makes me unreasonably mad that the answer should just be BIRDS. Loved the video, but dang it BIRBS
legit the only ads i watch lol "what!?! no?" killed me
'school year? Grunty boy you're 30'   Why Michael do our boy like that
Technically technically the best 1st catch/obtain you can get in base B/W is Pansear (so you have to start with Oshawott) because it beats the 3rd gym as well.   But this is the most of "if you have to choose one".
Team Sky propaganda
4:52 no, I’m wondering why you didn’t say geodude? You go into that cave where you need flash, but you can move around until geodude shows up😊
In my personal Fire Red Nuzlockes I always pick Bulbasaur and try to get Butterfree. I just use Bulbasaur on Brock and give Butterfree Sleep Powder. With Compound Eyes I hit Sleep Powder almost all the time, then I get hit less. Then I give Butterfree a psychic move since it takes less damage to Bite (I swear every freaking pokemon in gen 3 has Bite, I have lost so many psychic types to random A-s pokemon that don't even get dark stab, anyway). Then by the time I get past the Diglett Tunnel and cut I make sure to go back to get the Old Amber and the Dream Eater TM. So most times I go into battle, Butterfree Sleep Powders the enemy and even if the rival hits Butterfree into low health, it just does Dream Eater and gets its health back. Then my other two moves can either be a flying move and a bug move, but usually they dont get a good bug move until later so instead I give it a stronger psychic move. I like throwing out a Butterfree against a fighting Pokémon and taking out a tough guy with my smart cute butterfly and seeing their hits are "not very effective" 😊
if gen 8 isn't xerneas i'mma riot (commenting before watching)
Charmander with ember is good enough for Brock, no point in leveling up a caterpie. Just spend that time leveling up your starter 👍🏻
I’m an older gentleman like ur self. You followed ur dream. Ur a cool dude. I wish I grew up like you. I went the way society wanted. 😔
6 or 7 eh..... 15:38
4:03 geodude is also availble....
that double kick does work on gen 1 onix and is better then butterfree in the long run nidoking or mankey hands down.   the onix is bad rather get the phanpy if you count gen 2 crystal or geodude who has the same stick but can hit way harder.  gen 3 agree & agree
*1:54* AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA I KNEW IT MY BUTTERFREE!!!!!!!!!
12:31 Does this imply that he already has a Bachelor's Degree in crime
*19 seconds in* BUTTERFREEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!
bro just said 6 7 at 15:38
My brother used Quacklin the whole game in Pokemon Y
Can we do a video on how basculin red and blue has four abilities including the traid
Use JESUS'S name right
Have you seen that mareep Pokemon gijinkg
So there is no masters degree for crime...does this mean Grunty Boy is "getting his degree" by preying on children?
Pokemon don't kill
Criminal Justice callout  I love making that "I thought i was studying how to commit crime" joke
15:38 67?
Ghastly is the best Pokémon to catch early in gen 2 and I'll fight anyone who says otherwise.
I'm surprised geodude wasn't the Gen 2 pick but Onyx makes sense
Hariyama is like Carl Wheezer when he had to generate sweat for jimmy to save the town.
10:14 I didn't use Staraptor on my Platinum playthrough because i didn't want to, i planned on using Togekiss and i did it
“Nope, just crime,” and “Keep going to therapy too,” are hilarious lines from Grunty boy. That man is an icon.
I’m pretty sure abra is available in ruby and sapphire
15:38 he says 67!
6,7
Mwahahahahahahahahahaaahahahahahahahahahaaahhhaaaaahhhhhaaaaaa
so I heard you leik mudkipz
Funny story, the only reason I used Flamigo in Scarlet was because I found a shiny one on accident in the first hour of playing. Sorry if this triggers you Mikey.
Bro, my favorite Pokemon, the grumpy boi with giant claws, Zangoose, is outmatched by a flamingo. Literally just a flamingo. It's Attack and Speed are the same as Zangoose, and every other stat is higher.
Ngl in gold and silver I'm still rocking the Gastly bc I'm not dealing with that stubborn Rocky always Fking around not listening and such.
So why it is Suicune, not other catchable legendaries？I dont understand.
Cha is the reason why I love Hawlucha.
Team sky going to alola?
bro forgot the level 5 salamence you can catch in sun and moon
From Cha… to Mega-Cha
Funny thing about rookidee being the best early pokemon catch for galar is i ran into one that knew SKY ATTACK. Even tho i already had one and it was strong too i replaced it with that. i know people including me complained that gen was easy but it didn't exactly help that i ran into a early pokemon with an op move
I actually played W2 recently, and when I was leveling up my Riolu with Audino battles, it actually evolved at Level 15 (most likely because it was at the same place I got it). I don't care what the downsides may be, having a Lucario this stupidly early is cool, and could wall Roxie's poison attacks.
15:38 Say that again 🫩🫵
I thought about this for a while now I know this is out of left field. My name is Jordan. My husband name is Michael..
1:50 I had a caterpie in my red nuzlocke it, along with bulbasaur. Who were the only 2 alive for brock
I heard back to school and I was really hoping for a mighty backpack, pencil case or drink bottle that would be sick but no raycon disappoints me yet again
FLYING Pokémon fort the win!
Yeah the trades for the fighting are great but why would you want a negative speed nature
Bulbasaur was so common in my lets go eevee
In sun and moon you can sos a salamance which is very weird since it's a pseudo legend before the first trial
Idc, Pidgey will always be my favorite early route Pokémon. Competitive or viability has nothing to do with that choice. I just love its design, the evolution line and its mega.
4:58 what about Geodude? Honestly I was expecting you to pick Geodude. What Pokémon is your choice without trades?
I would personally like to give a shoutout to gen 3's Zigzagoon, especially in Ruby/Sapphire. It can learn 3/4 of the required hms for the whole game in Rock Smash, Strength, and Surf (I don't believe Cut is required, but it is always a good utility so honorable mention there); it's last move slot can be used for either Headbutt, good with its high speed for flinches, or Sand Attack to help be support for the rest of your team against high threats; and finally is its Pickup ability. Pickup can be a good passive support ability, especially in any early game, but is particularly good in Ruby/Sapphire where it doesn't have a balance table, meaning you have a 10% chance of getting revives, ultra balls, full restores, nuggets, and rare candies at any time after a battle as soon as the following one.
6 OR 7???? DID YOU JUST SAY 67? SIX SEEVVVEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENNNNNNNNN
Why do they have to have nicknames
15:38 can’t believe Mikey said 6 or 7 in the big 25
i would like to add  with the sinnoh games another good early game pokemon that you can get is shinx which both comes with intimidate apon capture and is one of the best electric types in the game
Here is another fact that Mankey isn't great against Brock in Red and Blue. Because in those games he doesn't learn any fighting type moves until level 33 which is seismic toss. Also it does learn Karate Chop at Level 15 but in those games Karate chop is a normal type move. It is more useful in Yellow though.
You didn't pick Fletchinder for Gen 6??  I get that Rilou gets the mega evo, but you get given a Lucario at the very moment you obtain the mega ring anyway
15:37 HE SAID 6 7
"Just monkey your way out of your prison." Odd thing to say without context, and thats why its beautiful.
I actually used power trip rookidee on my first galar playthrough  it's absurdly good. in the early game, a 60 power move with +1 with just one turn of setup is really solid
for gen five id start at top left to bottom right
R.I.P Lv 5 Salamance
since you love talking about onixs insane 160 DEF stat, think about the low HP stat too please. high defence is worth nothing if you have an HP stat of 35, one of the lowest there is. therefor, nidorans double kick is a viable choice. something everyone who did it knows about. high defensive stats with low HP is also a reason that shuckle is bad as a wall pkmn
In gsc (gen 2) why not grab a Geodude on route 46 or dark cave
Belsprout
11:06 or just trade with yourself
My favourite pokemon of all time is Honchkrow, to be fair though I have used both Honchkrow and Staraptor at the same time.  Edit:In Scarlet and Violet I basically did a bird play through for this one😂 I had Quaxly and Flamigo
67 reference at 15:38
Around level... 6 or 7?
15:38 6 7 🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤🤤
Finally, I can eat lunch now
I had a Staraptor on my champion team in Platinum. Definitely an incredible Pokémon, I'm proud she was with me from the start :') I also grabbed Quacklin' for my Team Sky play through in Y. Go Team Sky!!!
i've always preferred the Ralts line over Abra's just based on the fact alone that you dont need to trade for Ralts' final stage like you do for Abra's
I like the grass monkey 😅
butterfree W lets goooooo <3
15:38 6 or 7 you say..
Feel like hawlucha is the most broken overall. Boosted xp on that thing jeez.
It took 8:26 for you to forget your own stipulations by picking something that doesn't also work long-term. Good job.
Great video. Mostly finished violet just got to do a few more bbqs.. Got a switch 2 never had a switch 1. Thinking of picking up a 3ds to trade with pokemon home. Im switching between arceus and pearl and sword and debating picking up lets go for the mew in pearl
Bulbasaur was the best starter in the older games? I always thought Squirtle was better because you can solo the game quicker with it.
W in-game trades W Fighting types W Team Sky
I wasn’t able to play the games before gen 8 bc when i got into Pokémon it was through the cards and I didn’t know about the games or the shows this was back in 2013-2014. I had multiple Nintendo Ds’ and 3Ds’ so if i knew about the games I wouldve gotten them. So the videos about all the ones I wasn’t able to play help me learn about them. I played gen 4 thanks to bdsp though.
I know that thumbnail ain't bashing rookidee! That feisty flying rat saved my run many times!
15:38 oh no…
15:37 ...say that again
15:12 say that again
Mikey, you forgot the munna you can get in the dream yard in black and white.
I would say growlithe is the best for sword and shield because you can get a fire stone in the wild area, evolve it immediately and go to the move reminder (who is free and in every pokemon center) and you got a base 555 pokemon with insane movepool (e. speed, play rough, flare blitz, crunch)  who is super effective against the first gym and got great coverage for the rest of the game
I really tried getting a Cetoddle before the first gym in my Violet play through I started but I cannot find a way to get to its area. I gave up after a few hours.
Fun fact, Cha the Hawlucha is so insanely good against the entire game of USUM that he is the premiere choice for speedrunners, who will use him to solo the entire game all the way to Ultra Necrozma. Insane early game pickup
I'm a little disappointed you went with the Bellsprout Trade in a First Catch video, when the roaming Legendary beasts are RIGHT THERE! and now they are there... oh over there-
My male Nidorans double-kick usually takes out Onix on the first time i use the move, and if not then it will on the second time but then again i usually lvl Nidoran up to 14 or 15 If i dont actually go all the way and evolve it at 16.
I always catch Heracross ASAP, strong and my all time favorite
bro really said 67
More content like this
----->  16:00 Back when X and Y came out you could acquire a Torchic with it's hidden ability(Speed Boost), and a Blazikenite via mystery gift. For some reason this Torchic could level up extremely quickly compared to other pokemon i had in my party(2 of which were other starters). I asked my friend about it at the time and he told me the same thing. We both ended up having a Blaziken before the 3rd gym, while also training the rest of our mons. Even with the new exp share it was crazy fast. So having an OP Blaziken and Lucario on the same team made the rest of the game a cake walk.   <----- I'm sure others can Attest to this. Lmk if you had a crazy experience as well, I'm quite interested to hear about other peoples stories.
I've always hated trade evolutions, but even now. One of the most upsetting things is game longevity. There's so many old games that it's a pain to trade now that nobody plays the game. It's one thing when you're in school and tons of kids are all playing their DS or GB at lunch and recess. It's a lot harder when you're an adult and that was 20 years ago lol.   I think trades should only be encouraged not required. Such as if you trade you get to evolve early. Otherwise it's like a 40-50 level evolution. Alternatively, if they still want to keep it interesting. They could do something like evolve it a X location, or get X item, or battle X amount of X pokemon, etc. Just make it that there's other routes lol. It'd be cool if every pokemon could evolve any way, but different evolution methods built the mon differently. So if you evolve it with a stone instead of leveling it has higher spc stats, if you level to evolve it has higher base hp, if you use a metal coat it has higher defense, etc.  In which case trading might be the meta way to evolve a certain pokemon, but you could also use a different approach and still get a viable build with EVs and natures.
i love the video but gonna list the picks i disagree with and why.: i agree with your pick for gen 1 kanto  i disagree with gen 2 johto. i think geodude is far and away the best first catch, just like onix it solos bugsy and whitney, but unlike onix its not stuck with the attack stat of a pidgey until you trade with a difficult to get item.  i disagree with gen 3 hoenn.  tailow is the best because the pre-burned or pre-poisoned guts tailow/swellow is insanely powerful, especially once you get facade. sure its not paticularly helpful against roxxanne but it is amazing against most of the rest of the game, the facade boost multiplied with the guts boost, multiplied with the stab boost, multiplied with the silk scarf allows it to one shot even resistances with ease  i agree with your pick for gen 3 kanto  i agree with your pick for gen 4 sinnoh  i disagree with gen 4 johto for the same reason i disagree with gen 2 johto  i agree with all of unova  i agree with kalos  i disagree with gen 6 hoenn for the same reasons i disagreed with gen 3 hoenn  i agree with all of alola  i agree with gen 7 kanto  i literally cheered when i heard your choice for galar  i agree with gen 8 sinnoh  while i dont know all the hisui encounters i took my shiny floatsel through the whole game so im inclined to agree  i  came in fully ready to defend my choice for paldea, but you convinced me of yours... im still getting the revival blessing mouse though.
Hold up.  Grunty Boy getting a Masters Degree... implies a Bachelor's Degree is already achieved? I have so many questions.
i love Leekspin in gen 6. the defiant  leaf blade, brave bird, forgot my other 2 moves, add first impression in gen7. still frail enough but bulky slow opponents will feel the pain from super effective moves.
"even if you pick quaxly and ditch flamigo later" bruh flamigo is an upgraded hawlucha, and the mon of choice for speedrunners, it can just solo run the game
did u grow taller? your camera is so low down in this lol
14:00 intimidate Herdier for the first gym. Stoutland is a beast all game with intimidate and return. Lillipup is the goat
Fun fact: you can catch a low-level pidgeotto at viridian forest in Pokémon yellow (not sure about red or blue), which can help with brock
'Puts on nerd glasses' Actually Low Kick is 180 in power due to STAB. And you call yourself a poketuber. tsk tsk tsk.  Saying that Mankey/Primeape is a great Pokémon. Doesn't take a hit to well but with a high attack, great speed and a wide move pool its a great Pokémon to have. It wont win you an ubers match but it will be a great addition to any team in a playthrough.  In B/W/B2/W2 If trading wasn't locked until after you beat the first gym then the possibilities of what you could catch is kinda crazy as it give you access to surf, in B/W you can get lvl 32+ Watchog, Herdier and Scraggy. You can get Basculin and Frillish up to lvl 15 which is good I guess. In B2/W2 Azurill and Basculin up to lvl 15 again. Marill, Dunsparce and Herdier from the grotto up to lvl 15.
I used Riolu at the beginning of Scarlet & Violet and he as my ace through the whole play through I don’t think I lost one battle
21:04 Uh, Hawlucha is not weak to Rock.
I went with 5 Pidgeys for beating Brock. Sand attacked his Pokémon and gusted him down 1 HP at a time.
Nincada for shedinja
love this video!
Video idea: pokerogue team sky
Is it not a little weird to call Bulbasaur the best first Pokemon to catch on Lets Go, when you need a Catch-Combo to spawn it?
Only has combuskin? But I already has blazekin even before the third gym tho
Those who can't trade be like what is steelix
9:00 Swellow can actually hold up pretty well, guts boosted facade deals a lot of damage even coming from a mediocre 85 atk stat and 125 speed lets it move first most of the time
The first Pokemon you should catch is just the first you encounter after you get pokeballs. The slogan isnt gonna catch m all for nothing.
Of course, you know, my first catch, the legendary lvl 70 suicune! XD
You're gen 1 is wrong buterfree was level 40 in the original and changed in gen 3
The real best first Ruby and Sapphire pokémon to catch is five zigzagoons, who will make you live like royalty by picking up items with their ability
My first playthrough of yellow, I was young, had a guide but didnt raise my pokemon evenly. I got the butterfree to beat Brock and then just used him for everything. Pikachu was so weak lol
Rookidee mentioned but disrespected 💔
I’d actually recommend Geodude as your first catch for gen 2. Rock/Ground is actually a consistently useful combo for the whole game and getting a metal coat is a pain (not to mention that you might want to use it on scizor instead)
Riolu is so good in BW2. Just walked for while and you get like a level 7 Lucario. He completely walls and kills everything easily early game.
I would argue that sableye is a better first catch in gen 3 than makuhita, but power all to you.
I mean, GSC has to be geodude, right?  It straight up bullies the first four gym leaders, and is also quite good against Jasmine.  Onix is faster, but has much worse attack than geodude-line.
I actually think that Lillipup is a very good contender for the Unova games. In fact, it's such a good Pokemon that speedrunners ditch their starter for a Lillipup as it's similar in strength to Emboar but doesn't have the long animation of being sent out that Emboar does. It's shockingly strong and I never truly understood it until I used it myself. It's got good coverage, it's got good stats, and is available on the first route.  Obviously not the best Pokemon out there, but I do think it's a great contender and may actually be better than the elemental monkeys because it's more likely to stick with you through your playthrough. If you go to the move reminder, you can get the elemental fangs, and it also learns moves like Wild Charge and Crunch. Very powerful in general and I think it's quite the good Pokemon.
15:39 si-Six seven (I'm sorry I had to)
Tbf ember on my Charmander just took like 2 hits to beat oni maybe 3
six seven?
Jokes on you, we all know you don’t catch any pokemon you just over level your starter and grind it out
19:55 Another thing that makes Toucannon great for a playthrough is its ability to burn enemies while attacking with its signature move Beak Blast.  This both halves the damage of incoming physical attacks (which ALOT of playthrough enemy Pokémon have) and puts the burned Pokémon on a timer.
20:40 Something super interesting is that you can pre-status Hawlucha before a fight and equip it with a healing berry (e.g. poison + pecha berry) and activate unburden for +2 speed on switch. If your Lucha wasn't outspeeding everything beforehand, it should now.
You forgot to mention in Gen 2 that Rocky won't obey you once it reaches Level 10 until you beat Bugsy! Making him kinda a possible hinderance in battles until then. I would know, I used him in my first playthrough of Silver, and he never helped me after Falkner.  P.S. I have been doing a second personal Pokémon project, and I have been walking everywhere just to see how an Ash-like adventure really would be like in game. So no Fast Travel allowed!
I think Pikachu is probably the best early game pokemon in gen 1. While it has nothing on brock it can take down all the flying types and water types for the rest of the game. It is even super effective on 2 of the starters final forms. Electric type is really good for all the bird keepers, swimmers and zubats you might come across
Mankey has stab low kick but Onix has a beefy defense? So what? Mankey will still be at it no problem. It's a non issue. Same with Nidoran. He makes these games sound harder than they are. Primeape and Nidoking are way better for the late game. Shoot, you can solo the game easily with Nidoking
Video Idea: Are DLC Exclusive Pokemon Actually "Better" (not including mons from past gens made obtainable again) stuff like Hydrapple, Blood Moon, etc.
I like the ability anger point cuz it helps so much whenever you get crit and live
15:40 lvl 6'7
Why are you putting let's go classified as a mainline game? Just because it's on the switch and it's a mainline game region?    Edit: nevermind, you put legends too...
15:37 boiiiii he js said 6 7 💀💀💀💀💀💀
I used a Pawmot, Quaquaval, and Flamigo in Violet. Called them "The Monster Trio" the way they dominated every fight I had
Im sorry but guts is not better than thick fat on hariyamma in gen 3. while it typically is better, im gen 3 youre not going to poison yourself cause you die in the overworld, probably not gonna paralyze yourself cause the speed drop and chance to not move, and finding a convenient way to burn yourself is difficult without immediately needing to heal. Atleast thick fat can actually be used
I think that in HG/SS Rocky is already holding a Metal Coat from his owner so he evolves right after the trade.
4:18 my favourite pokémon 11:21 Jasmine also trades you a Steelix
Funny thing about Flamigo: it's absolutely insane in speedruns. You can solo the game in like 4 hours with just it
Gen2 why not Geodude? He is good too
Huh. In Gen 4, I feel like I kept running up against opponents that could squash Lucario because of typing.
Hi mandjtv can you plz make a video about some fan made pokemon nuzlocke comics like it's a hard life,dear mom,and zero risks and if you do read this plz respond
I'm glad he brought up the Wild Area in SwSh, because genuinely it makes ShSh my favorite game to replay through simply due to the sheer amount of Pokémon you can catch there before the first gym. Additional fun fact! If you have a Ditto, the Wild Area daycare is fully accessible. Sire it's a bit of a trek without a bike, but you can go there and breed any Pokémon you want. Very helpful if you have a full dex of SwSh mons in your Pokémon Home, opens up your already vast options even wider
If I had a nickel for every time we could get a fighting/flying type before the 1st gym I'd have two nickels, which isn't a lot but it's pretty cool that it's happened twice.
0:49 in Yellow it's Nidoran ♂ for doublekick and king like potential 😉. In Blue/Yellow its Caterpie for Butterfree. Poison kills everything. Especially rocks without STAB moves
No mention of the comically underleveled Salamence on Alola Route 3?
Personally I'd still go with Mankey against Brock. But that's because in my first "full" Yellow run I've used Primeape as ace
I used a Snorunt to beat Milo :3
Hariyama getting brine is to do with sumo wrestling not sweat
At least in Gen 4, if you level rocky up past 10 before gym 1 he won’t listen
9:51 but can it beat a bidoof tho 🤔🤔
21:06 not rock 😔
For Kalos, it may not be a first route Pokémon, but using Chespin with Rollout (which it learns at level 8) can easily sweep both of Viola's Pokémon.
Hariyama literally sweating the playthrough at level 1. Thats dedication.
I remember somehow catching a Salazzle and a Riolu before even entering Mesagoza on my first play through of the gen 9 games, I think I managed to get across a gap in the hills/cliffs that surround the starting area by entering a battle with a pokemon. While they only listened to me every 4-5 turns, I very easily beat a few of the first badge battles at the start of the game.
What is this game where do i download it?
Level 6 or 7
23:54 actually p2w :)
No not a six seven reference 😂
6..7 you say????
4:57 Mareep is also not in Crystal, found that out when I got a copy as a kid
You've slept on this in enough videos that I feel the need to say something. Leaving Tailow off the Gen 3 list is Criminal. Guts + Facade Swellow (pre burned or poisoned which isn't hard to do) is 70 power x 2 (move's effect) x 1.5 (STAB) x 1.5 (guts) = a 315 power move that you can just fire off with no drawbacks. 15pp, 100 % accurate.
Didn’t you say these Pokémon need to be good in the late game too? Butter free is trash
I never thought of the hariyama thing.
for rokidde there is also max airstream, so can boost attack, accuracy and speed
There's a small chance of getting a salimance on the in the start due to a bug
15:39 I can’t help myself
Where's my boy fletchinder
It’s Pidgey in every game. And if there’s a game you can’t catch him, it’s obviously pocket sand.
he shouldve added shinx alongside starly 🥀🥀
Salamence for Alola if you’re bothered enough
15:39 he said the meme 67 absolutely why
One thing he didn't mention about rokidee is that corviknight is INSANE against raihan's haxorus. I found that in every playthrough, his haxorus was a major roadblock as it has attacks to take out its weaknesses. Its attacks are: Iron tail/head, i forgot Poison jab Outrage Earthquake And as you might see, corviknight resists or is immune to ALL of those moves
In Sword I actually caught a Suicune before first gym because of the DLC after one of my siblings deleted my entire save
my first catch in pokemon black 2 will always be therian form landerous
I would definitely be interested in seeing a video similar to this, but rather than just the best over all single earliest Pokemon you can get, discussing the best and earliest full team you can build for each game.
Not the point of this video but they need to change trade evolution. Give every mon a level up evolution/item method and just make trading a pokemon evolve any pokemon at any level, that way there is more benefit for everyone and lets solo players use otherwise trade evo Pokemon!!!
i dont care what you say, sentret is the best gen 2 first catch. i will die on this hill. furret my goatttttt
Actually Corviknight is Flying Steel. Everyone seems to think it’s Steel flying but like Cramorant it’s primarily a flying type.
I used Rocky all the way to the end in my original Gold save and it was still an Onix too
cant you get a super early level salamence in sun and moon before the first totem fight?
67 i heard it I HEARD IT
You should do top ten storylines in all of the pokemon games  It can involve villains if you're stuck.
As a playthrough team flamigo user I am very happy right now 😊
13:20 Am I mistaken that you can also find Audino in the shaking grass on Unova route 1 and 2?
I was literally waiting for you to say then Sinnoh added god himself .... Bidoof
You don't gain full access to the slumbering weald until later on when you have to the sword and shield pokemon
The choice in SM should be Magnemite imo. Magnezone/Eviolite Magneton is incredibly broken throughout the entire game, but especially in that early game
When will team sky visit alola
idc what the video is, im watching
Important to mention that Makuhita only applies to Ruby and Sapphire in gen 3 as in Emerald, the trade is now a Ralts for Dotts the Seedot
the best first pokemon is always bidoof how could you not say bidoof
Johto Geodude is just insane for early game, even if it does fall off mid and late game. Especially in GSC where Graveler doesn't have to worry about Morty's ghosts having Levitate on top of them being forced to have physical stab
I'd probably go with Geodude instead of Onix for gen 2
The Farfetch'd that u get in gen 6 was amazing for me, I kept him through the whole game and leveled him up to 100, I swept floors with him and eventually learned false swipe for completing my pkdx
Ok NOW I got a challenge for you!! "The 1st Pokemon you should catch on every single route in every main series game"
Quick note. If you don't have the ability to trade Rocky the onix to get Steelix in Gen 4 Johto, you can actually find Swild Steelix in Cliff Cave, Victory Road, and Mt Silver. Cliff Cave is the earliest of the three.
Birb, Snek, Sumo
first 2 gens i always solo'd  the games with alakhazam
R/S/E Ralts is slept on. final form gets all the elemental punches and since this was before the phys/spec split they all come off its base 125 special attack so you dont even need to waste your TMs on it to give it coverage
21:28 you already mentioned it, but if you give this mf a status and a berry to instantly heal it, you can activate unburden so easily and spam acrobatics and you can kill stuff without any problem   Oh and also, it can solo Guzma,all 3 of the fights, if you keep both encore and hone claws in the moveset, just bait a first impression from golisopod, switch him inside, lock him on that move with encore, set up to plus 6, and you've won
15:37 at level... 6.. or 7?!
15:36 6-7. Help my brain is fried!!!
Is Grunti Boy getting a Pokemon Master's Degree?
15:37
26:55 you mean Arkoos
28:02 my first ever shiny! Very embarrassing to admit but hey I need my boi to get more appreciation
Cant believe the Team Sky leader is throwing shade at Spearow, Spearow and Fearow are great mons that get overshadowed by the Pidgey line.
27:18 i did actually get every pokemon i could before doing the first gym (ice), there were like twenty-ish or thirty-ish pokemon i couldn't get yet (paradoxes etc), and if you do the titans, you can even get the treasures of ruin before the first gym (just, be prepared to catch them in pokeballs if you didn't pick up enough better ones cause you can't buy anything else) 27:35 you can (or could? they might've patched that) reach places outside mesagoza before reaching mesagoza too! by targeting a pokemon on a ledge you can sometimes teleport there! of course, you'll then have to run for your life as there's level 20+ pokemon where you end up and you're like level 10 or lower, but if you reach a pokemon center outside the south province area 1, you can just fly there whenever you want you can actually reach every place on the map on foot without the -raidon of your game before reaching mesagoza! (for the place you need to go through that cave with all the ledges, just do the same targetting a pokemon on top of it thing you used to get to that point in the first place) i've done this before, it's definitely possible!
Someone here can Say to me what is the Best starter in pokemon diamond?
9:08 Yep Guts Swellow with access to Facade post Norman is mediocre at best 😂 🤣
I think i had raycons before, but i like my samsung buds.  I wanna do the Sword suicune thing now. Hmm
Ah yes, Hawlucha is weak to rock
I remember a certain strategy involving a Corviknight against Raihan. I Swaggered a Choice Banded Drilbur under Safeguard and it spammed Earthquake once the Flygon was out of the picture. My Safeguard user was my starter of choice -- Sobble. Had that Drilbur been Mold Breaker, its hidden ability, even the Flygon itself would faint to Earthquake thanks to the Levitate ability being bypassed.
9:15 - *WHEN HIS PARENTS BUILT A VERY STRANGE MACHINE*
18:35 had me spit my coffee out. "Pik" in Danish litterally means.. Uhm.. Yea, Google it..
Min damage roll of level 12 Mankey's Low Kick is the same as max damage roll of level 12 Butterfree's confusion.
For red and yellow. I would catch a Mankey first. It learns low kick at a pretty low level. Super effective and massive damage to Brock.
throughout all my playthroughs of ORAS I have never fought Roxanne without an evolved starter so I always catch Ralts first not counting the Poochyena from the sneaking tutorial that always has an elemental fang attack.
3:07 Pokémon Crystal: Phanpy on Route 46, right at the start of the game; Teddiursa in Dark Cave, at the same time you can also find Bellsprout.
7:06 Ralts will remember that
But how can Starly fare against Roarks Rock-types?
17:40 😦
good vid thx
19:29 "GO TEAM SK-"
Stab is not the only type of damage neutral damage exist you fool
Can’t believe you didnt mention the 1% ally call salamence in the first city in ultra sun and moon.
I love the context given for changes for each gen (gen 1 having only a "special" stat) but I wonder if there's a point in which we need not explain and this knowledge is as common as the type chart.
Yes, I caught Flamigo by accident while encountering it, and it carried my team until Quaxwell evolved after the Medali Gym. Then I boxed it—still regret it, because it was a powerhouse.
Butterfree in Gen one has always been my secret weapon against the first gym, since I always started with charmander. Never heard anyone talk about it until this video. I feel finally confirmed 😝
18:00 Soooooo... what you're tellin me is that ALL Hariyamas know Fish-Man Jujutsu... And instead of seawater, they shoulder toss currents of THEIR OWN BODY FLUIDS AT THEIR OPPONENTS?! How delightfully revolting.
I'm not surprised Hariyama learns brine because My Hariyama in emerald can use surf 🙂😂
“The nightmares about my teeth falling out at prom-“  “Nope. Just crime.” “Good luck with your teeth nightmares. Keep going to therapy.”  This is why I don’t skip the ad read
Sword and Shield, my team from practically the very start included the Ludicolo, Boltund, Thievul, and Corviknight lines... alongside my Scorbunny.  And I DID NOT go out of my way to catch awesome Pokemon. If anything, I intentionally did not explore the Wild Area.
Power trip? That’s a gd level
Onix is just worse then a Geodude you can catch in Dark Cave. Onix has pitiful ATK after all, and on top of that Rocky will struggle with obedience due to weird levels to obey choices in at least GSC. And if you catch a female Geodude, it stops attract from working during the Whitney fight. Female Geodude just carries the first 4 badges honestly
gen 2 doesn't block your path I've personal mareep every play through i did on silver and had it for the first gym.
Bringing me back to using my Primeape named Primerib to sweep the elite four like 10 levels under where he should've been. High crit chances in gen 1 were busted
Mu #1 rule in playing a Pokémon game: *Find Ralts*
Having a Slakoth on your team in Hoenn is not bad in both versions, being Rudy/Sapphire and OmegaRuby/AlphaSapphire. Aside the ability, you get to have a Slaking that's equal to Groudon and Kyogre in terms of stats. As for Sinnoh, I honestly think Magikarp is the best. You can get the old rod before the first gym and with some patiences, you get a Gyarados at lvl 20 and it's a massive reward if it have Intimidate + solid stats + have more coverages. With Dragon Dance and good water types, they're one of the best sweeping pokemons. Also in Kalos, Fletchling is a good choice if Talonflame was a threat in that gen with Gale Wings. Oh, and in Galar, if you have both DLCs yet you don't want to break the game like Michael said... You can get the Kanto starters expect for Charmender.
15:35 GET OUT OF MY HEAD GET OUT OF MY HEAD DOET HOUT OF MY HEAD GET TOUT OF MY HAEDA
15:39 wait what did you say?
you forgot pokemon xd and pokemon colosseum. if side games like legend of arceus are counted, so should they.   there's no gym, but i guess the obvious equivalent of the colosseum could used as a replacement, just like the alpha pokemon of alola (there technicaly is the 'pre-gym', in phenac city, but in pokemon xd, it's accessible much later in the game then in pokemon colosseum.   also, the games are double battle centered, meaning both espeon and umbreon are it's forced starter in colosseum, but while eevee is the technicaly sole starter of pokemon xd, i guess teddyursa should also be concidered as a starter, since getting it in the first battle we have is as garantied as getting eevee.
I love these videos, and the editing is just as great. Keep it up!
Eyo editing is peak here
Toucannon is also great for burning contact attacking totems! Lurantis, Mimikyu, Togedemaru,,,
15:37 67 🤫🤫🤫
15:36 how have I not seen any comments about this. I think the brain rot is too much, or I’m younger than most of the people commenting
I remember seeing one of my favorite streamers, Vargskelethor (Joel), being sad after his chat told him Onyx is really weak.
Whats STAB again???
Nah man, best first catch has ti be salamance in sun/moon ;)
Another thing to note about Hawlucha, it has been used as help against the Ultra Necrozma fight in speedruns by having a Zoroark disguise as it, causing Ultra Necrozma's AI to be obsessed with Psychic moves. No matter if it's the trade Hawlucha or not, it's still a good pick for that as well if you already know what approaches.
Might not be in the running for this specifically, but my Beautifly carried me so freaking far through my first playthrough of Ruby.  I was not expecting her to be such a utilitarian powerhouse.  Beautifly and Breloom.  I miss that save.
Can't you get salamence in sun and moon games
I got the Hawlucha, the beast destroyed the entire game, I physically had to restrain myself from using it because it either one shot or just straight up Rocky’d everything
In let's go the best first pokemon to catch is your partner eevee or pikachu due to you can't miss them
I catched 49 level Mr mime in First grass in Pokemon white 2
aint no way anyones picking the fighting chicken... swampert is much better!!
Gen 1 you can also go to west where the Indigo League is and catch a Mankey which knows Fighting moves.
Sometime in the future he needs to make a compilation of all these videos in order of games as a sort of guide
So happy for the Pikipeck shoutout.
15:37 OMG GUYS ITS 67
Fresh Grunty Boy!!!
Why isn't the gen 8 choice "enter stone evo of choice here" that has a stone that can be found in the wild area? Power trip rookidee or intimidate flamethrower arcanine, what's going to destroy the early game harder?
Starly , ralts , rilou
Although 463 pounds is a lot of weight for sure, I feel like onix should weigh more
Best early Hoenn Pokémon is either Linoone for pick up, surf use (since hoenn has 3 needed water tms), and stab headbutt. Or Lotad again for an extra water tm user, neutral to electric, fire, and grass while 4x resist grass which is 4 of the biggest types
I'm surprised there was no mention of Swellow in gen 3. Stab Guts Facade is a strong attack, and it's easy to pre-status in order to do huge damage  Edit: I'm sorry, underwhelming!?? Bro 😭
The best gen 2 Pokemon you can catch is Geodude. You can find one before Falkner (if I remember correctly) and it can be female, unlike Rocky, so it can be helpful even after Whitney.
Yeah I caught flamigo not intending on using him the whole time but he was so good I just kept him around the whole time
My question is, where do you find a Flamigo at level 4?
I would say Cha or Salamence would be the best in Ultra Sun and moon. Since you can pick up a level 5 Salamence early through SOS encounter’s.
I’m suprised geodude wasn’t mentioned for gen 2. Technically it’s not as good as a wall, but if you can’t use steelix, graveler is a much better all around pokemon.
I wish Mikey & PM7 did Cassette Beast content.   I’ve been getting my monster taming fix on Cassette Beasts the past few months, that game is genuinely amazing.   Highly recommend it for all older / more advanced Pokemon players.
"Levels 6 or 7"
In Moon first wild pokemon I could catch was Shiny Pikipeck (was very lucky, it was male so eventually called it Sam once it was a Tocannon, because of Frootloops "Toucan Sam". Same reason in Sarlet/Violet named Shiny Orthworm Jim, bacause "Earthworm Jim". Certain names are just a given so any shiny one gets a specific name.)
My first nuzlocke ever was black 2 and I got riolu and evolved it before the first gym before hitting the level cap
My first mandjtv video since 2016 🥲
15:36 67
you forgot about salemence in sun and moon
6:04 A BRA!!!!
it's heart warming to realize that I grew up watching Michael's pokevids, I'm 1st year college now lol
You forgot about the legends ZA but it might be the same thing with x and y but different but the game is not out yet
Yeah so funny note about that "before mesagoza". I haven't gone there and I'm in Cascarrafa rn. You can go ANYWHERE before Mesagoza
15:37 level WHAT?!
i think im gonna make a case here for a different first catch in x/y if youre exluding megas. azurill. it has an early evo through friendship like riolu, plus access to early rock moves in rollout and huge power outranking any early game attackers, as well as late game it has a huge variety of physical attacking moves
Riolu? 6 or 7?
Oh boy I sure wonder what the Gen 4 pick is going to be
Butterfree for Brock is a classic.
As someone who loved mareep/ampharos as a kid and whose first pokemon game was Crystal, I'm pretty sure there's like one spot where you can find mareep before beating Faulkner because I liked using it as a replacement starter. It's possible I'm misremembering, but I think there was like one patch of grass where it had a low percent chance of appearing. Though maybe that was exclusive to Crystal.
15:39 dang, Micheal saying 6-7 before gta 6
The fact that about 5 of these are birds (6 if you count bdsp as seperate games from diamond and pearl for some reason) feels about accurate
4:12 “And using the Iron Tail and EQ TMs to give it a good move and a terrible move,”
Staraptor is the reason I will never go with chimchar over piplup.
I actually used the honeclaw and power trip strat on my first playthrough i can attest its broken
Larry fans (me) are winning both Staraptor and Flamigo are on the list
10:09   Aw man I love my crobat :(
You are my comfort YouTuber
The correct answer is always whatever pokemon evolves into Ampharos.
I'M GETTING A MASTER'S DEGREE RIGHT NOW TOO!!  GRUNTY BOI JUST LIKE ME FRFR
15:39 6-7????
Swellow is actually great late game because you can prepoison it and deal massive damage to almost everything with Guts Facade
Gen 6 is fletchling, that thing is ace for a team and gen 3 is zigzagoon
21:06 Fighting resists the rock attacks so Hawlucha takes neutral damage from Olivia's attacks
sorry to say,  but ive used crobat way more than staraptor... still love the birb tho!
15:33 i didn't know unc was tapped in
I need to see more of Grunty Boi's education journey, please. And then a PhD in crime. Dr. Grunty Boi? Grunty Doc? Doctor Boi?
Y'all forgot the salamence in alola
Guts swellow is absolutely busted
suicune actually _can't_ be the first pokémon you catch in sword and shield because you need to catch the galarian slowpoke to access the dlc.
I actually believe Geodude is better than onix for gen 2 because of the obedience levels because level ten is terrible for the second gym 😊
i used simisage the entire game
In Fire red and Leaf Green, Primape can learn Arial Ace and 2 shot sweep Bruno if done right. :)
15:39 welp
So I actually did the rookidee strat but I didn’t know it was strategy so I just did the same exact thing. Thought I was on to something tbh
The funniest part is my very first pokemon playthrough, back in gen 1/yellow....Butterfree was on my champion team, and he was the MVP I remember years later.  The final surviving member against the Flareon, outsped with sleep powder and chipped away on damage before flareon ever woke up.
Lilipup is the unmentioned normal type “starter”. They have great stats. Their coverage is bad, but early game they are a monster and their stats prove worthy for any play though.
Hard agree on Flamigo. I caught one without knowing it’s BST. It was DESTROYING everything. After I realized how good it was, I looked it up and sure enough…it was a powerhouse, lol. Definitely saved me more than once!
As I'm doing a monotype playthrough of Black version using Normal types I'd like to argue Patrat is great to have for the early game because your Watchog can make Lenora go from extremely difficult to an absolute pushover. My advice to make the first 2 gyms easy is pick Snivy as your starter (Incinerate is weaker than Vine Whip or Water Gun) and make sure when you "mirror match" Lenora that your Watchog knows detect (Patrat learns it al level 11). The other crucial part to the strategy is make sure you have Work Up so your Bite and Tackle aren't overly weak.
What emulator do you use? I had one but I started having computer issues after downloading it so I don’t trust it to download it again
Truly love the heartwarming character growth of Grunty-Boy caring about Michael and his mental health (and nightmares).  Way to go, GB. I’m proud of you.
I started my second play through of violet bc I got a switch2 and I totally grabbed a fletchling instead
For Sun/Moon, aren't you able to catch lv 5 Salamance on the first island?
Besides the monkeys in Black and White, I think Lilipup is the best choice! It's a pretty strong Pokémon and can still defeat the first gym (from my memory at least). It also evolves and can get one of the best abilities in intimidate, and Stoutland is a pretty good Pokémon. If someone disagrees or wants to add something that's totally valid though!
15:37 SIX SEVENN
I sure am glad you made a new video.
I'm gonna disagree on your black and white choice. Stoutland is a *really* solid normal type for a playthrough and Lilipup can get you through the first gym pretty easy if you play smart or get a good stat/nature pup.
Are we not counting the lvl 3 Salamence in the Alola games?
I did a birds only challenge in Scarlet (so, Team Sky adjacent, but with penguins and Espathra allowed). And Flamigo was a STAR of that playthrough.
Its worth noting that mankey also can learn dig and aerial ace, and rock throw making him a good pick for your team long term
Next video: best last minute addition to a team
In Gold/Silver/Crystal I always go through the small building on the first route and catch a Geodude.   Also, after seeing Flamigo, O now want to try a playthrough of Scarlet and Violet with an Alice in Wonderland themed party with a Flamigo named Croquet lol
16:48
me actually beating pokemon y with quacklin as a staple to my team:
Level SIX or SEVEN you say?
How do you get the trade evolutions on delta emulator?
These videos always brighten my day
I'll mention as well for Pokémon Black and White, if you pick Oshawott, then Pansear can actually pull a good bit of weight later in the game.   While not great in the Nacrene City normal gym, the following Castelia City bug gym it can do some MAJOR work in (evolve it into Simisear right after it learns Flame Burst, 1 level before the level cap of the gym).  Then in the Nimbasa gym, it still does decent due to solid power and being able to potentially outspeed the Emolgas. Then, if you can get the chance to switch it in, it can NUKE Clay's Excadrill in Driftveil.  From there, while it doesn't do much for Skyla's flying types in Mistralton or Drayden/Iris's dragons in Opelucid, it can just sweep all of Bryce's ice types in Icirrus city.  Keep in mind this thing can get Acrobatics, Brick Break, and Rock Slide coverage, with potential work up setting up right after the 1st gym.  I'd be lying if I said Simisear was one of my favorite mons, but I'd be equally lying if I said that thing doesn't do a suprising amount of work in BW.
Misty's sprite is so edgy.
15:14 “Say that again?”
I’m still waiting for you to react the to new megas
Also, in Let’s Go it’s the Mew. That’s the best Pokémon to obtain outside of your starter
Slacking is also a beast of a pokemon in its self. Only downside Truant.
10:13 I'm gonna go with variety. I make it a policy of mine to always try and use pokemon I've never used before on previous playthroughs.
14:57
I love Mankey glad it's good in gen 3. I also love Pansage and Simisage. I know people talk about the monkeys really badly, but I love the Grass monkey. It's a good one.
"🤨that is a 🤨much worse 🤨bird😑"  lmao
15:37 - 15:40 67
You can catch wild steelix in hgss
15:39 say that again, I dare you
you should make a small black screen with grunty boy
He said “6-7”
10:09 “if ur not using staraptor in sinnoh what is wrong with u”  Meanwhile Jaiden Animations not using staraptor in her platinum nuzlocke and still beating the game:  Am I a joke to you
For scarlet and violet, I also wanna draw attention to Gallade You can get a Ralts early on, and if you can get a Gallade with Sharpness, it becomes a BEAST, especially once it learns Sacred Sword
the team sky joke never gets old
Imagine Cha with a Hawluchanite in an inevitable Alola remake, now that's power.
About level 6'7!
15:37
I love how basiclly all the best pokemon for the early game are flying types. GameFreak doing Team Sky proud
The level 9 salamence in alola: am I a joke to you?
The team sky reference had me dying 😂😂😂
18:01 felt that lol I swear so much
In Let's Go, the first Pokémon you catch  is the Pikachu or Eevee that is your starter. They are, by this technicality, the first Pokémon you catch.
24:40  Johnstone did a Prof. Oak's challenge on Shield, and caught a total of 289 Pokemon before the first gym. And that is before any DLC, and no trade.  So you said 70, but it's actually over 100 unevolved Pokemon you can get.
Despite Onix's high defence, Nidoran and Mankey should be labled as honourable mentions as Low Kick and Double Kick do deal decent damage
Did he say 6..7..💔
This video just reminded me that when I first played through X, I caught a Riolu, raised up to a Lucario… then replaced it with the one Korrina gave me because it was like a level or two higher 💀 Pretty sure that Lucario still sits in my box at whatever level i swapped it while the gift one from Korrina became my first ever level 100 Pokemon 💀
The girl who wants to trade away her Hawlucha for a Spearow probably heard of Kenya the Spearow.
So, hi! Fun few things:  1 - Don't sleep on the Simis! Even outside of their gimmick of having a bunch of item-centric moves, they've got really good TM capability. Plus, Simipour learns Scald... And Scald is awesome.  2 - In gen 6 Hoenn, a good thing to note is the addition of the DexNav, which allows for you to find wild egg moves WAY earlier than Mauville! With this in mind, it's worth considering Slakoth itself as a party member. The reason being is because you can DexNav one with the move Hammer Arm. It's naturally really slow, so having it get outsped is fine enough, and even as it is now, it's not a slouch in the defense department!  3 - Don't... Don't use Flamigo. Not because it's bad or anything, just... 'cuz it's Flamigo. Flamigo is upsetting.
Maybe Hila (the girl that trades Cha) didn't like how Hawlucha was human-like, so she asked for a normal bird.
28:30 GOOO TEAM SKYYYYYY!!!  *proud eagle noises*
10:45 But you’d have to catch the Magnemite in order to get the metal coat, so this is basically a 3 way tie between Onix, Bellsprout, and Magnemite. And that’s assuming you get the metal coat on your first try, which you probably wouldn’t.
Feedback:  I'd say Abra/Ralts are better than Makit no matter the game. Mainly because obedience. You get them before Makuhita in RS/ORAS and the trade will not obey you for Roxanne, making that more annoying.  Even Onix itself is decent in the early game of HG/SS. Helps out in the first three gyms. But I think Geodude is the better first catch. Many players use patches or other things that help evolve trade evos. And the Geodude line is amazing in this game.  I would say a good alternate if you don't want type overlap in BW2 is Lillipup. Stoutland is actually pretty good in this game. Even if you swap it out later, it's a good early game mon. Mareep is also decent if you want to use it until you get Magnemite.  I'd say Magnemite you should catch first in the Ultra Games. Your starter will struggle to face the Teacher battle and Ilima, and Magnemite can cover two of the three starters for you. And if you picked Rowlet, I'd say maybe get Slowpoke or Wingull as your first for the fight, but definitely Magnemite is worth it. Magnezone is incredible in this game. Has so many resistances, gets either Sturdy or Magnet Pull, two abilities that you can put good use out of. It is generally a great pivot. I would have said Hawlucha if the early game of Alola wasn't so brutal. But you need to go through several difficult fights before you can get it.  For Legends Arceus, I disagree with Buizel, but tbh with how unique the gameplay is here, I just don't care.
Onyx is the worst it gold and silver. One mud slap and it just becomes a staring match
PIKIPEK LINE MENTIONED YEAAAAA MY GOATS
21:32 no wonder the first time I played ultra moon I swept the entire game with it not Nicrozma
15:36  SIIIIIIX SEEEEEVEEEN
Nah the Charmander is going to roast Onyx regardless. Resistance or not he just burns through it's HP either way.
Wouldn’t the early game Salamanca be the best Pokémon for Alola?
Trade evo is the worst idea ever implemented into the pokemon games
You can also catch a geodude on the route above the path to cherrygrove. You can get that a golem as well honorable mention for me. You can catch it earlier than the belsprout
13:56 Patrat!!!!!!  HOW DARE YOU IGNORE PATRAT! It's watchog
Getting a Masters Degree at 30. Good on you Grunty Boi pursue your dreams.
You said 67
Hope you're having a good day
You’ve managed to list quite a few of the primary Pokemon that people like to use for speedruns
28:00 erm, technically you can get Gholdengo before the first gym🤓
15:34 67
14:44 Halfway point
I’d like to throw my hat into the ring on Igglybuff/Jigglypuff in ScarVio. If you evolve it into a Wigglytuff immediately, due to the move reminder being right in your menu, you can teach Wigglytuff moves like Hyper Voice before the first gym.
I enjoy these little edits Mikey, giving Ralts the little bandage was funny 😂😂
i was drinking when you said "sweat" and i actually spat it out everywhere oml
Ite, turma caeli!
19:28 Next Team Sky when?
How to make a Team Sky recruiting video without it being a Team Sky video  (Rookidee is one of my new fave regional birds. I caught a full odds shiny one of the first routes in my playthrough!)
Good luck to Grunty Boi on his Master's degree 😂
I think Tailow is a better pick for Hoenn, it also gets guts, evolves early, learns a STAB Facade to combo with guts to get crazy damage output, and it's fast
It's always nice to see our early bug friends get love in videos like these
hariyama learns brine because sumo wrestlers throw salt on the ring
I'd volunteer the second best first catch in USUM is zorua, simply because with it you can make the hardest fight in the game MUCH MUCH easier lol
I immediately knew what the thumbnail's about because I have, in fact, done that one and can confirm that it is the absolute best early game catch.
19:30 GO TEAM SKY!!
nope.. just crime 🤣
15:37 6️⃣7️⃣
14:16  Yeah, Riolu doesn't learn a STAB move past Cheren's level cap. That's the problem.
I am not happy to know about why Hariyama learns Brine 😐
I used Flamigo on my very first playthrough of Violet just because it looked funny, and man that STAB combo is so good it ended up being my highest level team member even surpassing my starter
that gen 2 traded onix is terrible. I used it in a challenge run. Its basically worthless
I use Cha the Hawlucha in my Pokemon Ultra sun team, My first League team member
Bro forgot the nidoking glitch in Gen 1
Something to add to Rookidee - once you get your hands on an Ability Patch, you can give it the Mirror Armor ability, which bounces ALL status debuffs back at the user.  So not only do you have a highly tanky bird, but your foes can't even soften it up.  That might not be until later but it's still something that makes it an enduring asset.
From my point of view; all roads lead to Staraptor
i like the monkeys... everyone hates them for some reason, but.. i like them. decent power, one hell of a varied moveset, and they are pretty fast.
I’m a huge Hariyama fan since Lueroi used one in his Sapphire walkthrough.
Love what you guys are doing and keep spreading love and kindness through your content I can at least say that it has helped me grow and learn from my past and look brighter on the future while still thinking about how I can positively effect others around me and I will be forever great full. Keep up the good work👍.
15:39 wh-what levels?
I am 99% sure Brock didn't have a full heal. So glad you brought up Rocky! He was great until I over levelled him and he stopped listening to me :(. I... Think I'd go with Wingull personally for Gen 3. Not for the Elite Four, obviously, but it helps. Love me a Toucannon!
4:39 ROCKX D. ONYX
Huh. GruntyBoi is getting his MBA? Good for him.
18:23 Seeing Ribombee here just reminded me of that one video: "Light That Burns The Sky? Ribombee! Please survive PLEASE!"
Did you forget in Sun and Moon you can get a pre first trial Salamence?
3:13 what. Geodude can solo the first 4 gyms and Destroys Half of Will’s team, and the Champion’s Entire team. Geodude also helps around Kanto and Ahnialates Red’s Pikachu
Not Grunty Boy telling you, you NEED therapy 😂
Day 2 of asking for Mikey’s mandjtv plays 2m special to be only using milktank fusions in pokemon infinite fusion
8:55 yeah! Bidoof!
Flamigo propaganda
Use Butterfree's Sleep Powder to catch an Abra.
The thumbnail gotta be elite ball knowledge, and just so you know, it is possible to get a lucario before the first gym because you can repeatedly teach it tm's like rock tomb and return, which boosts friendship.
15:39 What were those levels again? s-s-SIX OR SEVEN????!!!!
28:05 I would like to make the case for oricorio, if you go back through the cave at the start then you will pop out by a flower patch. This can spawn a level 15 oricorio which is incredible.
wild ass thumbnail
Mikey underestimated my power in training my Riolu in Black 2. He evolved like, first battle after the first gym fight, and counter was still amazing in the gym.  Also, I can't believe that I've done a Team Sky playthrough in Galar before Mikey has.
7:06 you technically have alakazam at level 16 just saying
You know it’s a good day when mandjtv posts
I just catch every new pokemon I encounter. If they have a good nature, I'll use it.
21:30 alola glazes the f out of kanto.
Not to be confused with the best Pokemon to use in a playthrough alongside your starter, as for many games you also need either an HM user or a safety Pokemon for the early game.
I wish that lvl. 9 salamence counted for this video...
Poochyena is a mandatory catch for me whenever I play ORAS because Ice Fang is good for Wynona and Drake, plus Crunch and Dark Pulse can take care of Tate and Liza, plus Phoebe. The only real problem is that I need to have a Poochyena I can’t really use for most of the game.
Crystal has grass over by Sudowoodo if I remember corectly.
Grass or water, just to teach 4 year olds type advantages.
15:37 at-at-at level-level six... or...
11:37 Why would you remind us?
1:52 THANK YOU! I feel so vindicated right now! I always said butterfree is the best pokémon you could ask for to beat Brock because of the special psychic moves. A friend of mine ridiculed me, claiming butterfree was a terrible choice because of the 4x weakness to rock. Sure... But Brocks Pokémon don't have any rock moves in Gen 1, so it's really a non-issue.
Honestly I don’t remember the Pokemon games before Sun and Moon and their almost immediate remakes very well but I agree that a you should catch a flying type as early as possible even if the first gym is Rock type. I didn’t catch Flamigo in Pokemon Violet but I did catch Gimminghoul early on but didn’t get the coins to evolve it till quite late in the game. But Gholdengo is absolutely amazing in Pokemon Violet since it’s typing plus it’s ability mean that status moves and stat moves are basically useless against it. Just my two cents
Team night sky should win.
21:44 Janky Motion Controls? MAKE BELIEVES REBORN!!!
As a note, you can glitch out of the tutorial section in scarlet/violet pre mesa goza. So you literally can get just about ANY pokemon that spawns in the wild (except for area Zero).
Lucario and Chesnaught are also both weak to Fighting.  Unless I'm missing something...
22:55 I found one rather easily
6 7
Your editor is incredibly talented. All visuals are amazing but playing music from each gen as you speak of it is just incredible.
I found Geodude to be a great Pokemon to catch early in GSC. It learns Rock Throw at Lv11 and, if female, can resist Miltank. Best way to play the game with Chikorita I found.
Did you forget that ralts also evolved into gallade, he has a move for every battle you need
For ORAS I think it's fair to mention that male Ralts can now also evolve to Gallade. And while not better than Hariyama in the movepool, it's better with stats, especially Sp. Def. and Speed. And it also has Mega Evolution, which Hariyama doesn't have. However, there  are few caveats. Trying to find male for a Pokémon with already low encounter rate is real pain. Getting Dawn Stone is also not easy, but not impossible. And Galladite is not available until after the Delta Episode, so you can't have the Mega for gameplay anyway, unless you trade or cheat. So, Hariyama is probably still better choice if you want strong playthrough Fighting type. However, Galladeis something to consider if you don't mind its caveats.
22:59 "Bulbasaur is already considered the best starter in the older games"  Strong disagreement. I did starter only runs for gen 1, and Bulbasaur was the worse one. The only good thing about it was growth. It has terrible type coverage and doesn't even have good grass moves (the strongest is solar beam which is 120 power but takes 2 moves so basically 60 power compared to 95 power surf and flamethrower) and is vunerable while charging up. It's also weak to psychic, which is really strong in gen 1.  Blastoise learns ice beam, so it can easily take out grass pokemon that would do supereffective damage to it and wipes most of Lance's team and while it's not as good for covering weaknesses, Charizard can learn dig which is really good in gen 1, and learns slash which can crit a bunch (I believe it crits every time or almost every time).
Day 1 of asking MandJTV to do a video on what pokemon would the evil teams use if they swap regions
"and my pick is... Pik... ipek" akward pause there mate, "Pik" in danish means Penis, and you pronounced it perfectly :3 otherwise good video xD
Mikey thought he could just sneak it in there 15:37
No you😂
11:46 in Australia this term is literally nearly over
15:39 6 7
6 7
I love you Mankey line
Had to go back to the team sky play through of black after hearing how disgusted Mikey still is about the monkey and lack of early flying types 😂
If you care about your second pokemons effectiveness in gen 3 and don't pick mudkip
15:34 .
On my first day playing Scarlet, I roamed the whole area before reaching Mesagoza and I went into a "gotta catch 'em all" spree until I found that god-damned pink bird. It destroyed me.
My Rookidee replaced my starter in Sword.
Which scene made you laugh the most?
the editing in Michael's videos is always so sleek to look at, and full of fun details
91:16 just enjoying the vibing pikipek
Bug catcher Rick made the right choice when picking Metapod then.
I tried a Pokémon X nuzlocke and had determined NOT to use the gift Lucario.  And then my encounter on the early route next to Santalune was Riolu.  So I used the eventual Lucario.  BUT NOT THE GIFT ONE!  I thought it was one of the most hilarious things ever.
It’s time to be a nerd.  ERM ACTUALLY, YOU HAVE TO CATCH THE GALARIAN SLOWPOKE BEFORE ENTERING THE DLC SO YOU HAVE TO CATCH IT BEFORE SUICUNE!!!1!!!1!  please don’t flame me
3:13 I tried to use onix on the first gym and it got killed with one mud slap hit
just cheese the level 64 water tera garchomp like pointcrow did and you never need to reach mesagoza in gen 9
Counter point: I don’t like most of those pokemon
Thumbnail: do not catch Caterpie  First recommendation of the video: please do catch Caterpie
No geodude for Gen 2? Granted he's out of the way for heading to the gym but he is accessible on that side of route 46.
I can't wait for Grunty Boy to introduce himself as Dr. Boy. He is truly an inspiring story.
I was so lucky with the rookidee I caught, it had gigantamax factor!
What about for legends ZA?
To add onto Riolu being the best. If you can tough it out and get Riolu to evolve before the 2nd gym you now have a Lucario that's immune to poison and quad resists any bug type attacks they might have on her Whirlepede.
Um 15:45 6-7😂😂😂
I think You can get munna when you get the monkeys tho
15:39 hears 6-7 *sighs* checks comments
you can definitely beat Brock in gen one with a Charmander
How’s it feel to get 169k views in 8 .5 hours? 👍 congrats btw 🎉
Isn't there a salamence in early alola
what pokemon in gen 1 has a higher defence than onix?
15:37 …..
Honey new Mandjtv video came out
"Nope, just crime" had me rolling. It's a true testament to your creativity that you can make a sponsorship segment so hilarious.  I also really love these videos talking about the best Pokemon in the context of a playthrough. An interesting series could be "What's the best Pokemon of each type in each game?" You could either go type by type or generation by generation. The variety would be interesting because some type/game combinations will have clear standouts, some will be tight races, and some will be "Well, this type isn't that useful, but if you want one, this is the best." It would be interesting to compare it to Wolfie's similar videos about competitive Pokemon, since we could see where there's overlap between playthroughs and competitive and where there are major differences.
Speak for yourself, every time I replay gen 1, Butterfree is with me to the end lol
In my first play through of scarlet/violet, I had a low level shiny munchlax with adamant nature and perfect attack, HP, and defense IVs that I caught in Sun/moon, so I transferred it over and started my play through with an OP munchlax which evolved before the tutorial was finished.
No wonder they let Goh catch a Suicune!
Pls make more like this
20:31 That Hawlucha sucks. Because it has the dummest name anyone could ever give to a Hawlucha.... Fricking CHA. LIKE... REALLY?! JUST CHA???!!!! Its such a disgraceful name that it brings shame to its species and thus it makes the poor thing impossible to use. Cha.... What a dumb name seriously.
For Gen 2, it should be Geodude. Even if you can’t trade evolve it, it’s the best Pokémon in the game. It has all the benefits of Onix with an actual attack stat.
For gen 9 Cleary koridon or Miradon.... Wait you can't use the-
I can’t for the life of me understand why Onix physical attack is so weak! It is the longest and tallest rock type. It’s a rock snake how does it NOT hit hard?
DONT TELL ME WHAT TO DO!! YOURE NOT EVEN MY REAL DAD!!!
Butterfree was one my elite 4 team back in the day lol
He really said “ at level 67”
6,7
It is wild that the few regional birds that are good picks.. are what I remember using on my first playthroughs.. like I started in Sinnoh so never played some of the previous ones but... Unova? Didn't use Unfezant really.. Kalos? Talonflame.. wait maybe it was used but overlapped with Charizard.. when it wasn't Mega.. Hoenn? Didn't use Swellow.. Alola? Totally used Toucannon and learned about Skill Link being pretty cool.. Galar? Didn't feel like using Corviknight.. Paldea? It has a bird?  Oh yeah forgot how insane just non-DLC Galar was.. yeah... great for challenge runs since there is chance to actually have at least something usable for whatever restriction you are doing (ie I legit had every Eeveelution before I entered Motostoke.. took some effort and bit of luck but it was doable)  And then also forgot.. Paldea... yeah.. but the implied early areas does thankfully limit you a bit... but oh god realizing the whole map was available made me legit wanna *not* do replays with a challenge since in Galar.. I would legit spend days just to get whatever was theoretically available... because.. the pools for the dens and the weather and... I am cursed with knowing something is possibly not "optimal"
12:38   You see, Grunty Boi gave the master's degree in criminal justice some blaze powder and a fermented spider eye, which transformed it into a masters degree in crime 😒😒😁😁
In SM and USUM, the chain capture Salamence might be better,
15:39 6…7
15:38 what did you just say?
For gen 1 caterpie is the best when you pick charmander or playing yellow but ratata is better if you have bulbasaur or squirtle
Gurl WHAT is that thumbnail
I love how broken op the rookidee line is throughout swsh. I remember catching it, noticing the power trip + hone claws and just literally sweeping everything and yeah you can keep the move combo on it the whole game and it will always be useful
I could just ask chatgpt, but Gen 5, B2/W2, one of them has a poison gym and I couldn’t find anything to work in that gym. So a guide for team selection per game would be ideal
Next video: the best last Pokemon to get
between close combat on staraptor and brick break on something like floatzel, no fighting is needed
15:38 67?
15:36  I can already here him coming
I'd say lilipup is the best for black and white playthrough  Its ability after evolving is intimidate if u find one with the right ability  It also has insane damage for the entire game  I used it recently and its damage is better than my starter (snivy)  It can do very well against the first gym
10:15 consider that i like crobat better. and it's faster. and can still learn fly. checkmate.
"and in other regions go team sk-" just the way he got cut off is so inexpliably funny.
Butterfree for brock is canon lore I thought haha
I started Pokémon in Gen 7-8 so I really enjoy you talking about the games I haven’t played compared to the newer ones I’ve played, and with such creative topics too. I really like how I can enjoy your videos and still get game knowledge at the same time! You are one of my favorite YouTubers for that and I hope you keep doing this for a long time👍.
Gen 6 is def Fletchling
Fun story: when i first played bdsp, before i started i decided i wanted to not use starly since that what everyone uses and i wanted to something else. Well i got my pokeballs and hadnt encountered any pokemon yet (excluding the mandatory starly fight). I went back to the first route and i encountered a pokemon in the very first grass i walked in. The very first pokemon i encountered in my playthrough was a shiny starly. I named him Polaris ( shiny star) and used it the entire playthrough
My brother and I did an egg locke on sw/sh and while catching mons to trade for mu eggs. The first wild rookidee I caught was a shiny. So I got to use it as my first encounter and had it all the way through my run
67 15:38
GO TEAM SKY!!! And the Fighting type Cheer Squad
15:40   did i hear 6 7 just joking man love your vids thanks to you i got back to pokemon and its been one of if not my favorite game ever keep it up
Have you played the new pokemon snap dlc?
I love the added effort with the regional music in the background
I just started playing Violet 2 days ago for the first time after my friend lended me their Switch 1, and so far I didn't even see a single Flamigo lol. Who have been carrying me since being a lvl 2 baby is my huge power Azumarill :>
Peak thumbnail
me watching this wearing my oversized team sky hoodie (my own fault for odering to large but i kinda like it also i ofcourse got to shout go team sky
honestly? props to Onix. might not be the best mon, but top 15 in anything after almost 10 gens and over 1000 pokemon is nothing to scoff at.
Omg! If I hear a next video with this raycon earbud I’m going to lose it
Argument for Gen 7 to be Zubat:  Zubat can be caught as early as level 6 in SM or 7 in USUM in the Hauoli Cemetery, meaning you start boosting its friendship from there. It gets Wing Attack at level 13, right before you fight Hala. But the best part is you get the Soothe Bell on Route 3 to boost its friendship even more. I had a Crobat at level 23, right before the water trial in my first Ultra Sun playthrough and it destroyed all 3 Akala Island trials back to back. I wouldn’t say it’s as good as Hawlucha is in USUM, but it was a beast for my team and should be the choice for SM over Toucannon.
can't wait for this video to be remade in 30 days when Z-A comes out
I think the best starter for PLA (since Mikey never said) is the starter I actually chose, Cindaquill. It's not great against the Munchlax, but none of the starters are, it's good against the kricketune, and later, if it's a Typhlosion by then, against Charm's Gengar.
Sup 8 hour gang
21:24 Salamence: "Have you forgotten someone?"
15:38 Is this 6... 7
Wassup
15:39 what did you say SIX SEVEV!!
Definitely didn’t expect flamigo for gen 9, I was hoping it would be my boy charcadet
27:00 since you technically catch your starter shouldnt that count for this?
Editing in this video is pretty dang slick.
So... you are basically a frustrated flying/fighting type gym leader? xD
My core memory of Pokemon Yellow was training my Butterfree to ungodly high levels and sweeping the entire game with it. I had no idea what type advantages were but those Psychic attacks worked wonders for me when I was a kid playing through for the first time. I've wanted to run it back and play Fire Red with JUST a Butterfree and see how patient I truly was as a child.
67
15:37 67
Him saying Butterfree won't stick around for the end team, and me looking back at all my gen 1 teams having Butterfree in all of them (Leaf Green and Let's go Pikachu)
I had a teeth nightmare last night 😭😭😭 tf are the odds of that? I just told my friend maybe I need therapy 😂😂 this is crazy rn
Now if only I had friend so trade with... Anyway, isn't Nidoran (female) good too? I always liked Nidorina. Nidoqueen not so much but that's not important... Also Pokemon legends Arceus definitely traumatized me a bit... Dodge-roll-try-not-to-die is literally the entire premise. After that game I tried to dodge and roll when I saw a  wild pokemon....😭
Gastly is a great first pokémon in Gen 2 though, even though ghost type moves are physical
15:36 If YouTube had the ability to comment photos then you know what I would comment
Rookidee is by far my favorite regional bird. It’s just so powerful.
Gruntyboi going for a Master's in Crime implies he already has a Bachelor's in Crime
Another possible contender for the best Pokemon in the Sword/shield games could be Growlithe. Wild Growlithe is quite common in the wild area, but what makes it really good is that it evolves with the fire stone, which is quite easy to locate (also in the wild area). Thus, you can get an Arcanine at below level 10, and since Sw/Sh comes with a free move relearner, learn all of its lvl 1 moves as well including things like extreme speed, crunch, and flare blitz.
What about the Salamance in Sun and Moon?
Perfect timing for team skyyyyyy 😍
15:34 i can never escape it
15:38  I'm not proud of my neurons for activating
I am so disappointed in Nintendo's legal actions. To restrict and control not only summoning but riding mechanics? What are you guys doing? Your targeting so many games now, not just palworld! This effects Atlus, Bethesda, Mojang, CD Projekt Red, Square Enix, and so many more. You've turned the entire gaming community against you, for one franchise. Which is a great franchise, but if this is how you defend your franchise then... it makes me wonder if ill ever
Uhh, are you ok? 🙁
Bro keeps getting possessed
15:37 six seven
15:38 S-SIX SEVEN?!??
The ONLY Pokemon for Paldea should be Flamigo.   Fighting and flying off the rip you'll see it before a Lechonk. And it's already a no evo Mon so the stats are solid through level up.
i have a great video idea make a region where the norm for gyms is duel type gym leaders it would be dope
Loa your first catch has to be bidoof
Grunty Boi is going to the University of Team Rocket.
15:39 what level
12:36 plot twist: grunty boy is taking criminology, and doesn't realise it's not about learning crime but instead learning about crime
In my Ultra playthrough, funny enough... Buneary and Lopunny ended up to carry against Lusamine and few other battles with their attack variety. So that was nice.
Oddish?
A video about what regional pokedex mon could solo game would be nice
If you spend a few hours running around with Riolu up front, it will take a bit, but you can get an instant Lucario after a sluggish yet vigorous jog.
imagine if steelix got body press at lvl. 32. Too insane of a power that ho oh is basiclly 1 shotted lmao
15:37 level what?
"sweats so much it can damage foes" Right well I guess I'm never using Hariyama again.
Every Hariyama I want to name Bakugo now but I hate Bakugo. 21:30 Not everyone wants a team that they can easily beat the game with. I have a SoulSilver team that took me 5+ tries to defeat the Ghost gym. I've only become champion in Kalos, Alola, Galar, and Paldea.
Still doing sponsors, huh…
4:50  No, I'm wondering why you didn't mention the geodudes you can get in Dark cave?
For Sword/Shield, I'd give it to Growlithe, you get a Fire Stone pretty much at the same time and thanks to the changes of the move relearner mechanics it has instant access to a bunch of really powerful moves, including Extreme Speed, Burn Up, Flamethrower, Crunch and Play Rough. It also can learn Wild Charge which you can get from Electric type raids which then can turn into Max Lightning for the Nessa fight. Also, its base stats are incredibly solid across the board and it comes with one of two really strong abilities, but Intimidate is clearly the better one.
Hawlucha isn’t weak to rock.
I like to catch mewtwo first
15:38 SIX SEVEN
15:40 - 6 7 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭I’m crine😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭uncle 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭papa😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
21:22 don’t forget about the brick break tm inside of the very first trial
15:36  6 7…. 6 7….
A good pokemon for gen 2 is also raticate oddly enough. It has high enough attack to do good damage and surprisingly high speed. It learns mudslap via tm and hyper fang at level 15 for a strong stab option, along with learning shadow ball (which is physical in gen 2) from defeating Morty.
I never use Staraptor because I'm not a fan of it. Prefer my final team being only Pokemon I like.
I would disagree for Gen 8 - Rookidee is good, but stone evolutions are busted. Pick up a Growlithe and a fire stone, and you have endgame stats and its full available moveset.
If I evolve a Butterfree then I KEEP my Butterfree (usually named Low Fat)
It is probably just me but I never found the pokemon to be useful against any noble one. I used them more in world defense or against the npc battles.
I love this! These types of videos are so neat to see!
15:38 I SWEAR TO GOD
15:38 what was that..?
i wonder how grunty boi is going to pay for a masters degree in crime. certainly not by doing crime. that would be ridiculous
15:39 6 or 7
15:38 6-7?
I was waiting for another butterfree mention for years. Unluckily, beedrill doesnt follow the positive ones
15:38 you already know why I commented this.
honestly, it doesn’t even matter if a pokémon sucks against the first two gyms. the only thing i’m worried about is the dang Miltank
15:39 …. 67
15:38 level what?
Flamigo is also good against ogerpon, okidogi, amarys, aside form her reuniclus, all of arven’s team, a good chunk of all of Kieran’s teams in the teal mask and in the indigo disk, most of the duo battle against arven and penny, it’s also good against most of carmine’s teams,  battle and over half of sada’s team, though sandy shocks is risky, and flutter mane doesn’t have any fairy type moves, it’s also decent against most of turo’s team, but it’s much more risky.
Sinnoh teams are iconic. Luxray, Staraptor, Garchomp and Lucario were staples in most people's playthroughs after all.  But that big birb is truly something special.
i was gonna say that you can get oddish in the gen 1 games but the type overlaps with bulbasaur
24:39 it's closer to DOUBLE 70 pre gym 1 pokemon you can get, since over 250 pokemon are obtainable (counting evolutions)
I think I need to replay my Violet. I was not aware of Flamigo's game
Hell yeah Butterfree! Butterfree is a monster in the early game.
I don't know if you can, but can't you get Salamence through SOS before the first trial in Alola?
Hawlucha isn’t weak to rock. It’s neutral
That "Onix's defense is through the ROOF." edit was so good I had to watch it three times before making this comment.
15:36 mandjtv said 67
Geodude is a much better catch in Gen 2. It's basically Onix, but without any drawbacks of it being an outsider. Graveller WALKS through Whitney's gym, especially if it's female!
Heavily disagree with Onix in HGSS. Given that Steelix overlaps with Scizor, who is a monster with technician despite its 4x weakness to fire, Mareep is way better. Plus it’s a bulky monster of a special attacker that can paralyze.
Starley is good....
21:10 don’t rock moves deal neutral damage to hawlucha?
You can't actually access slumbering wield until your done with the gym leader part of the league
You can get a riolu in x and y at the level 6 or 7
970 comment
I have captions on for this video (because I'm in public and don't have any headphones right now) and it called Pikipek, "piggy peck" and I think that's hilarious
I love how Mickey's videoes are always number # on gaming sorry if I spelled ur name wrong
Or (for sinnoh) silly lil' crobat :D
What's your opinion on the new megas for the Z starters?
Damn now I feel bad for ditching flamigo, I thought it only had a bst of 400 or something
Under 1 day gang
15:38  MIKEY! DON'T SAY THE LEVELS! DON'T SAY THE LEVELS! DON'T SAY THE LEVELSSSSSSSSSSSSSS-
He is backkkkkk with a video!!!!!! 🎉
i hate trade evolutions, so many cool pokemon i could never get because i had no friends
17:30 And here I was waiting to be told that the salt from Smelling Salts (that's the move, right?  And Hariyama has access to it, I think?) was responsible for the brine.  However, I can't deny getting a chuckle out of the mental image of a machine gun with large enough sweat bullets travelling fast enough to do damage.  Literal bullets of sweat.
No wonder Team Sky is always so strong when there are so many good birbs right from the start in a lot of the games. XD
15:43 …..
“Special attack/defense is one stat in Gen 1” is the “Switching to your pistol is faster than reloading” of Pokemon
4:31 you know what else is massive?😏
Which is a better name for farfetched Quacklin or Ch-Ding
28:15 Flamigo is Paldean Cha
please pokemon company just give this man a new game he's running out of things to talk about
15:38 say that again…
Bidoof is not weak it is more powerful than arceus
Gen 4 is sure team of turtwig, starly, shinx, buizel editor knows    19;29 YESSSSS GOOO TEEAMM SKYYYYYY  curse on theee editor
15:38 SIX SEVEN HEHEHE
4:00 additional note: Onix can learn taunt, so if you're really looking to shut her down you can do that- that's how I beat her.  Additional note: this is only possible in HGSS
21:36 Hawlucha is a bird?
You can actually access the entire map before ever entering Mesagoza, if you grab a Pokedoll from the first mart and then run up the western hill of the route before Mesagoza. There is a cliff edge where you can target pokemon on the other side of the divide, and when you enter battle with something far enough from the character your model gets closer to the battle. Great way to un-softlock yourself from the tutorial zone, as long as you can either catch or escape from the encounter - hence the pokedoll.
Not picking oddish for gen1?
Glad Starly was chosen for Sinnoh, but my boy and girl, Tailow and Patrat really getting disrepected, a had a Swellow on my Ruby team that was very usful, and in my copy of White which I got about two monthes ago my loyal Leni the Watchog has been a valuable member of the team so far, especially near the end game with her learning Mean Look so I can keep Thunderus from fleeing to increase my chances to catch it.
I named my onix Rocky once so respect
Him saying team sky when he was talking about sun and moon made me wonder is there a team sky video for Alalao
Scarlet and Violet is easier to decide: There is a catch level limit which is basically the level of obedience of first gym you do.
Objection, Riolu is freaking him, besides steel is immune to Roxy and her poison while Lucario is quad resistant to bug and with base 102 power return it can crush these gyms. They are far from underwhelming.  Sincerely,  A very normal Lucario fan (And Emboar hater)
11:05 Elaborate on the universal randomizer please! I’m running through SoulSilver and Black 2 right now on an emulator
6h ago
The Brine Hariyama fact just made think of ATLA Katara water bending her sweat when locked in the wooden prison with Toph
WHY NO SALAMENCE???
I love how when he talks about the fighting type overlap with chosing Lucario that over lap is always due to it's secondary steel type and not the fighting type.
Can't wait to see what's the 1st Pokemon we should catch when Pokemon Legends Z-A comes.
I’m sure he could have gone into detail on BDSP but I’m pretty sure he is trying to erase BDSP from existence.
I never played Let's Go but I know that held item don't exist. So how does Mega Evolution work?
Now i want a team sky sm/usum preferably the ultra games cause imo they are the same as sun and moon just with more pokemon
The girl who trades Cha for Spearow is just trying to get Kenya back
He said 6 or 7 lol. 15:37
Fwiw, tooth nightmares are often experienced by people who are anxious about aging or losing our appearance.   Considering your career, it's almost a given that you'd have em. You're doing good, man. "Normal" human brains can't process everything around us AND very much complicated subconscious angst at the same time. So, if you're continuing to get work done and haven't reached "total burnout shutdown mode," then your brain is behaving fairly "typically" in trying to process via dreams.   Doesn't make it fun when you wake up in a panic and sweep your tongue around your mouth, tho. You have my sentiments there XD
6 or 7!?!?!??!
I have to say: Nidoran is by far the best choice if you play Charmander in Gen1. Yes its a non-stab move vs Onyx and its high defense but it easily wipes out Onyx with Double Kick. The turns Onys uses Bide you can use to lower its defense with Leer. Nidoran continues to be good throughout the entire game especially if you go into Nidoking and abuse its absurd coverage over the course of the game while Butterfree falls of hard and not even the Powdermoves can safe it. :P
As someone who plays a lot of the older generaations, I have to disagree on the gens 1-3 picks.  Most of what you say sounds good on paper, but in practice it dismisses factors like the opposing AI or the long term usage of the pokemon.  In gen 1, Nidoking is the absolute best pokemon as an all rounder. Not only gets the best offensive STAB in ground, but the coverage it gets is on Normal type levels. And Onix's defenses are not a real factor when it hits like a wet noodle. It doesn't even matter that you get it in route 3 later, it's still top 5 pokemo in the game, and the best in the jack of all trades archetype.  The onix trade in gen 2 sounds nice at first, but the badges work differently in GSC. The obedience caps are separated by two badges each, and again, Onix hits like a wet noodle. On the other hand, you got Geodude. Easy to encounter in two routes in the early game, and it's usage only becomes more prominent as you get through the game. Specially against Morty or Jasmine. If you trade -or cheat and activate change impossible evos- you get one of the most monstruous mons in the game, keeping it's usefulness all the way to Lance.  In gen 3, while common, I would say that it's between Zigzagoon, Taillow and Shroomish. Shroomish has the grass type toybox and a sweet 130 attack, but it's best move is locked behind needing to keep it from evolving until past level 40, when it gets Spore. Zigzagoon also has this problem, whereas it gets a great early STAB move in Headbutt and with pickup it gives you some miscelaneous items, but if you wanna have a relatively early Belly drum sweeper, you can't evolve it until it's early 50's. Taillow is a more immediate option, as it gets a decent STAB in Wing Attack, it has great stats and the ability Guts for a staple in many late game fights, including a Wallace sweep if you invest EVs and equip the silk scarf. It's between those three, but I'd say Swellow is the best one for gen 3.  In FRLG it is butterfree, because of Compound Eyes. It makes Sleep Powder into practically Spore.
Personally I would say Salamence is the best early game gen 7 Pokémon
as the world's biggest butterfree fan, while technically being a channel fan, the only reason I clicked the video now instead of waiting until its not midnight local time is because I knew caterpie is the best gen1 first catch. it might not be stab but I consistently teach my playthrough butterfrees for kanto dream eater and then sweep the entire game with a butterfree that I don't even grind levels for because I'm 10 levels lower than the gym leader's weakest pokemon and it's still one or two hits before they go down unironically every time I see pokemon merch in the wild I check if there's something with butterfree and there NEVER IS so I am very glad someone on the internet said something positive about my favorite pokemon for actual playthroughs... even if I disagree with ditching the butterfree later. mine take me to the elite four while being 20 levels underleveled before I start having to even touch all the rare candies I collected. it's a good pokemon if you actually try it
In ORAS I completely disagree, Gardevoir (At the VERY least in AS) DOG WALKS all evil team fight, and with fairy type being as strong as it is in gen 6, if you want to beat the game with ease, GET A RALTS!!!
We have a flying/fighting type based on a flamingo and a luchador so why do we not have one based on a cassowary?
This is the first I hear a Pokemon creator suggesting a Butterfree with confusion as an answer to Brock. A tactic I have used ever since I was a child! I used to hear everyone complaining about him if they started with charmander or pikachu and was always like: “just use a butterfree with confusion, not that hard”.  To summarize: Thank you, Mikey.
18:00 Now go look up Sailor Guts from the Stars season of Sailor Moon. One-off monster of the week who uses that as his primary attack!
15:14 Say that again?
I know the Monkey's get a bad rep but once they evolve they are not that bad. 498 base stat total and a pretty good movepool. They also get, arguably, the best stab move of their typing: Seed Bomb, Flamethrower, and Scald.
I love your vids
I remember for a long time, Whitney did not pose a threat.  First time, Female Geodude Rollout. It might have been a Graveler at that point. Long time ago. Second, I used the in game trade, Macho. Third, I caught a Gastly in Bellsprout tower and Curse did an amazing job. The 4th time around is the first time I actually realized how tough she was.
Gen 2 should be Geodude it's loads better than Onix.
15:38 677777
Where is salamence for gen 7😅
Love the ‘catch Caterpie for Brock, keep Butterfree as the team anesthesiologist’ strategy. Status powders hard-carry early Kanto.
15:38 😮
Can't you just grab a Geodude in Dark Cave in Gen 2?  Just as great defense, gets Rock Throw at level 11, magnitude at 16.  Seems it should be a tie in my opinion.
I have never felt the desire to use Staraptor. I much rather prefer to use Togekiss later.
I'm pretty sure that Hariyama learning brine is actually a reference to sumo culture and practices and how they douse themselves with water between matches.
The sight of “grunty boi” makes me skip the vid till he’s not there
I love the beginning of Pokemon games. My favorite thing to do is go through the beginning of the game, with my new Pokemon. Such an amazing feeling of nostalgia.
Did he put BIDOOf in WEAK!?!
I feel Kadabra/ Alakazam id better in Gen 3 but in ORAS the Ralts line is better because of the Fairy type. Gardevior in gen 3 is good. Nothing crazy but good. Add in the Fairy type and Gardevior because a menace.
15:37 SIX SEVENNNNNN (you literally asked for it)
Charmeleon LEARNS METAL CLAW WHEN IT EVOLVES FROM charmander CHARMELEON IS STILL A GOOD OPTION 😭🤣
Or you get growlith, get the fire stone in the wild area and boom, arcanine with all his LEVEL 1 MOVES. Reminder tutor is free guys in ss
How do you come up with your ideas for videos?
15:38 level *6 7*
I think I agree with most of these, I definitely called most of them. Someone in the comments said Lillipup is a good choice in BW, and I'd agree with that.
Flamigo, mi amigo! So underrated.
Disagree on your Gen 3 choices.  Emerald the best pokemon is Tailow. Abra is dead weight until you evolve it and needs trading to get to it's best. Gardevoir is just as good and is a better grind to get. Instead the best pokemon for Emerald is Tailow with Guts. Guts is a massive power increase for your team when activated, which isn't as difficult as people think. There is an easy spot to get poisoned in Emerald at every spot in the game, and within a super potion or so of any important battles.  Ruby and Sapphire, the clear winner is Zigzagoon. Pickup is a game changer, with the chance every battle to get free healing items, pokeballs, nuggets to sell for Game Corner TMs, Vitamins, Rare candies, or a King's rock, it's more than worth the missing slot. Emerald had to make the prizes level dependant for a reason.  FR/LG you said Fighting types are anot a good long-term investment, but I don't agree. All of the Fighting types in the game can learn Bulk Up via the TM and can be gotten before the 4th gym depending on your order of play. Setting up and sweeping is a really powerful stragey in FR/LG as most opponents have one pokemon you can easily setup on. It's why Calm Mind, the other easily found boost TM is so contested (but less pokemon can learn BUlk up and you don't need to beat Sabrina to get it.)
Id argue the gap between gyms 1 and 2 in XY is so big that Quacklin is the best for early game. You dont really get to use a Riolu until it evolves, and then you have it for maybe one gym until you get the gift lucario. Meanwhile Quacklin helps you beat the first gym and dog walks the entire game just up to the second gym. Sure its only "one gym", but its the entire early game.
15:38 Six Seven you say?
Rocky the Onix is a very good Pokemon in GSC, but I don’t think it is the best. Yes, it is definitely good for the first 2 gyms, but since it’s a traded Pokemon and gains boosted experience, it is very likely to get too strong and start not obeying you. In Gen 2, obedience levels only increased every 2 badges. So while it will wall Falkner, it’ll be disobedient once it gets past level 10 and won’t obey you again until you beat Bugsy, which is the fight Rocky would really shine at. Rocky is definitely not a bad Pokemon to have, but its traded status can kinda hinder you early on and you’ll have to deal with the pain of getting a Metal Coat to get a Steelix.  So, in my opinion, the best first Pokemon to catch in GSC would be Geodude, which is found on the Route 31 side of Dark Cave. While having less defense and speed than Onix, it has the same typing and more attack. It should still wall Falkner just fine and it learns Rock Throw 3 levels earlier than Onix, making it good for Bugsy. As an added bonus, you can catch a female Geodude to REALLY ruin Whitney’s day. It also naturally learns Ground type attacks like Magnitude and Earthquake, unlike Rocky who has to rely on TMs.  While Rocky takes the title in HGSS, I believe Geodude has the edge in GSC due to its better moveset and actually obeying you.
implying the first catch even matters in anything except challenge runs. You just catch a bunch anyway
The Team Sky bias is strong with this video... Lol
Im pretty sure you can get Nidoran in Firered and LeafGreen in the same spot you can get Mankey
Go team sky!!!!!!
Raycon must be paying you well for how many times you sponsored them
26:48 you are wrong actually, the best pic in those games is even simpler, the best choice is none at all cause BD/SP suck :) hope this helps
Can someone tell me how to use the randomizer
Him: It's a bad idea to get Azurill Polkasplash, a Azumarill: AM I A JOKE TO YOU?! (In all seriousness, my Azumarill, Polkasplash managed to stay till THE END OF THE GAME!)
17:40 that’s some uh… hot sweat…
Your videos are always cool, you're one of the YouTubers (who make Pokémon YouTube videos) that is one of the reasons that tomorrow I will have a new video about Pokémon on my channel. In said video I'll be talking about the video games and the anime. I have a lot of cool ideas I hope happens in the anime, and I mention those super cool ideas in the video, so I'm sure a lot of Pokémon fans will like my ideas for the anime, so if any other Pokémon fans would like to watch my video I would love that.
I saw that Suicune in the thumbnail and immediately assumed you were talking about Dynamax adventures XD
Couldn’t you argue that salamence is the best for the alolan games ??
…back to school was over a month ago now
I definitely choose different pokemon, and things work well.
effect spore will not release you from bind, mikey is wrong.
for GSC, you could alternatively catch Geodude for same typing for those who might not keep Onix
04:32, 11:12 - But Rocky (the traded Onix) can be *disobedient*.  He'll become disobedient at Lv 10, and remain that way untill you have 2 badges. So for the first Gym you'll need to make sure he's no higher than Lv 9, and for the second Gym he's guranteed to be disobedient.
Cha is also used for Ultra Sun and Moon speedruns. Thats how much he solo's the game
For white 2 lucario is insane. It’s a friendship evolution so u can have a lucario before first gym, and lucario is immune to poison which is the type of the second gym
I’m a simple person. I see Suicune in the tumbnail, I click💜💙✨
I disagree with sinnoh. You can easily catch a zubat before the first gym. I think sinnoh is one of the regions with the most pokemon before the first gyms. You can get bidoof, starly, kricketot, wurmple, shinx, budew, abra, zubat, geodude, magicarp, psyduck, machop and ponyta.   Ponyta is a good mon if you haven't started with chimchar as the fire types are rare. Machamp has a higher bst than staraptor and can help you with the first gym.  But I personally would say Zubat is the best mom as if you catch it as early as orebough gate with level 6-9 you will probably once it will evolve to golbat either have your friendship already maxed out especially if you used the soothe bell you get after eterna forest. So you will probably have a level 23 crobat. 11! level before you get a Staraptor. Also crobat has 50 bst more than staraptor.  Yeah Staraptor can help with rock, steel and ice types but if it doesn't ohko rock or ice types it just dies.  So because you can get crobat as early as the after the second gym. So a 535 BST mon from the 3rd gym and onwards and zubat still has no trouble in the grass gym as you quad resist any grass stab and 2ko with it stab flying attack I would say Zubat is the better "first route" mon with the definition that all pokemon before the first gym count.   If you consider that Ponyta is one of the only I think 3 fire types in gen 4 you could also say Ponyta is the best pick up when you want a fire type and didn't start with the fire starter.
19:30 Go TEAM SK-
You should do a best team in every game bideo
Good luck on your masters degree Grunty Boy! You’ve got this!
Too bad bagon/salamence is after the first trial in Sun/Moon. The jump to Salamence as best first pick would have been hilarious.
XD "Nope. Just crime :)"
for bw its worth mentioning the best pokemon is availble before the second drillbur is great
Uh I disagree with sun and moon hello salamence
After his Masters, Grunty Boy plans on getting a PhD in horribleness.
Just train Charmander till lvl 30 too beat onix be a man
Important thing to note: in FireRed and LeafGreen, Charmander learns Metal Claw specifically to fight Brock.
17:50 - funny you should mention that, because one of the TM builder items you collect in SV is Makuhita Sweat, which is used to build fighting TMs.
How dare you disparage Butterfree! In every playthrough of Kanto I've done my first team to beat the Elite Four always includes Butterfree & Beedrill! 2:40  In the Gen 3 Kanto Games you just get Charmander evolved to Charmeleon & lvl 20 you can sweep Brock's Gym with it using Metal Claw! 7:35  Bulbasaur is the worst Kanto Starter! 23:00
How I’m the heck do you do your self and your grungy boy alter ego in one video I’m impressed is it a split screen
Can’t you get Munna before the gym in Gen 5?
Um Hawlucha isn’t weak to Rock. Rock is neutral on Hawlucha
15:39. Iykyk
In Gen 1 you can use a glitch to get lvl 100 Pokemon before even getting to Brock
15:37 Say that again... 😐
WHEN I SAW YOUR VID MY LITTLE CPYUSIN WAS WITH ME I SAD TO HER THIS VIDEO WILL BE ABSOLUTE CINEMA
21:06 It’s not weak to rock, but it is weak to the double Omni boosted quiver dancing bug boi  Also Ultra Necrozma, but lets be honest, everything in their mother is weak to Ultra Necrozma
Me: Charmelon use slash on onix
Do a Mystery Dungeon Edition of this
STARAPTOR MENTIONED!!!!!
10:45 I disagree. The geodude line goes absolutely stupid for the first 3 gyms, and graveler is more usable than Onix if ur adverse to trades, and if you cab trade than Golem is easier to get than steelix
Mikey has the Kurzgesagt calendar!! Solidarity!
If only brock didn't have like a million full heals in gen 1
can you do best team for every region/game
disagree on GSC Geodude is available just north of the very first route, add onto that that as soon as Rocky hits level 11 it'll stop obeying you until after you beat Bugsy.
So, half the time, the answer is GO TEAM SKY!
I would rather bang my head against a wall repeatedly then watch my traded Onix get Mud-Slapped to death against Faulkner and hope to hit one tackle every century or so. Great for the others though lol
7:21 However, I would say that Ralts beats Abra in the most important deparment: Accessibility. After all, not everyone can trade forth and back Kadabra to get Alakazam, meaning that said Kadabra is stuck without evolving for the rest of the playthrough meanwhile Kirlia *is* evolving into Gardevoir, so I would still give the win to Ralts.
Actually I want to bring up something. You can get a Growlithe and Fire stone before the first gym and have an Arcanine. You can find a fire stone in the middle part of the wild area, it's risky but if you're paying attention where you're going and careful you should be able to get and evolve your Growlithe right away. But I do agree with Rookidee
the thing is i absolutly hate Hawlucha
You can't tell me what to do, you're not my mother
I always like to have a Butterfree on my team.
Go Team Sky!!!!!
Can’t you catch a Mareep before Falkner in Crystal only?
The editing in this video is fantastic!
I like to keep the weak Pokémon in my team so if I catch a Rattata, I keep it.
I would like to correct you. You CAN get a Nidoran male before Brock in FireRed andLeafGreen, but you have to go like you're trying to get to the League. If you wander around in the grass just west of Viridian City, you can find both Nidoran Male and Mankey, but finding them rakes about 20-30 minutes
Actually, for Ruby and Sapphire only, I would say zigzagoon. Not only because it learns HMs and is pretty fast, gets headbutt for STAB. But it's ability of Pickup.  Back in Ruby and Sapphire, Pickup wasn't level based, just a static table. The worst item is a super potion while you can get a RARE CANDY 10% of the time! Not to mention high selling Nuggets, Revives, Ultra Balls, FULL RESTORES,  and even a rare chance at stat boosting vitamins. If going through Ruby and Sapphire there is no reason to NOT fill slots with Zigzagoon until your team fills out. It's literally free money and items to have around.
9:39 this was my team for Brilliant Diamond except I didn't have a Wevaile
took me a minute to figure out u dont know what youre talking about, onix defence? cmon man
Fun fact: in the wild area you can catch up to everything that isn't route exclusives
With the reasoning for riolu in x technically azurill would also be a good option? if you pick froakie then its type overlap but so is lucario and chesnaught.
24:38 there’s not ‘like 70’ Johstone did a professor oak challenge (where you catch every pokemon possible before a gym) and he caught 287 before the first gym. (Including evolutions of course)
I dont agree with gen 2 imo it should be Zubat. And scarlet/violet can still be all pokemon cause you can do a trick to go everywhere before, mesagozo
Another thing about flamigo is that it learns low kick by tm which BODIES so many of the boss pokemon and there is basically an unmissable low kick tm on the way to the bug gym
Me listening to the ad while wearing raycon everyday earbuds classic: "Yea, yea, i know, but im still watching this"
For gen 1 butterfree learns confusion when it evolves to butterfree
21:34 Spearow as a much worst bird? Michael, you used a Spearow in a Johto Playthrough at least once from Goldenrod City to Mount Silver and you never replaced her with someone else.
Yeah I definitely used your Gen 4, 8, and 9 picks on my final teams in my initial playthroughs. No regrets!
Mickey you really made a cheat code with Grunty Boy. I am almost 30 and I love that goofball so much I never skip your ads 😭😭❤️
It makes sense Onix beat out Mareep but Mareep shouldn't have been into contention to begin with  I mean, why would it even be there when AN AMPHAROS CAN GET FLINCHED 4 TIMES IN A ROW INTO A CRIT FROM GOLBAT TO DEATH ARE YOU KIDDING ME AMBER
15:36 level what now?
I don't think I used a Staraptor on my original Pearl playthrough (the only non-pla sinnoh playthrough I have completed). I don't remember what I used other than my Empoleon, but I know I wasn't a fan of Staraptor visually, so I wouldn't have used it.
My Monkey in gen 5 was named after a friend of mine (because he behaved like one in school) and low and behold, he made it through gethsis. Never even boxed (was also my surfer and waterfall and even cutter XD)
cant you catch a munna in gen 5 right besides the elemental monkeys? i pretty sure in that patch of grass you can find munna there i cant remember if you needed the first badge or not but but im pretty sure munna is there as a early pick up in black or white.
15:38 6 OR 7
PIKK….ipek….  Pikk is slang for penis in norwegian.
22:17 yes you can, with pokemon home
Ah yes, nothing says deceptively powerful then one of the legendary beasts.
Nah Geodude for gold and silver. Literally in the first 2 routes, and destroys the first 3 gym. And can fight 2 more. Great against lance too
Me everytime catching the route 1 birb despite the recommendations
When does team sky go to Alola? Also I think it would be funny if team sky will do a randomized playthrough
I've always found Nidoran with double kick or Mankey with low kick 1 shots Onix in gen 1
21:44 He forgot the Salamence..
Cha is so broken that u can speedrun the entire game with just him
Are we sure that this isn't a Team Sky video?
Maybe do this again but in all the spin off games
This is team sky propaganda and i will stand for it
15:38  six seven
15:38
Starly sits out for the first gym, grinding against random trainers. Then It Procceds to mow down through every thing that doesn't resist and Does Disgusting Damage to even resisted mons.
This video is telling me I need to do another run of a Pokemon game. But which one...?
One thing I've always wondered about is why videos like this say things like "you won't have [particular evolution] in time for [particular battle]". Like, if I have access to the base form and it doesn't require some item that you can't get yet, why can't I? Like in this at 6:35 saying that if you pick Torchick you'll only have it as a Combusken when you battle Norman. What's stopping me from having a Blaziken here? Like, if I'm doing some kind of challenge run where you're expressly not allowed to level beyond the gym leader's ace then sure, you're limited by level. And I could see saying things like "you probably won't have a Dragonite in time for Misty" (in some weird world where you could catch a Dratini on Route 1) because that would be an insane grind. But that's still you "probably" won't have it. Not you won't.  Don't get me wrong, I love videos like this, especially Mikey's videos, but that's just something I've never understood. Do these videos go for the assumption of not leveling beyond a gym leader's ace by default? Is that how most people play by default? I usually end up overleveled in my casual playthroughs. As a kid playing gen 2 when it first came out I was fine with that, and then later games when I actually cared about having some level of challenge I usually have to actively try not to overlevel by too much. Which is always guesswork anyway since in a casual playthrough I'm not looking up the levels of gym leader's pokemon or anything. So I still end up a little overleveled, just not as much. So, yeah, just something I've wondered about watching some videos like these.
An additional note for HGSS! While you COULD go hunting Magnemite for Metal Coats on route 38/39 at their 20% encounter rate at all times of day and 5% for Metal Coats, there is an additional option in the Pokéathlon Athlete shops on Fridays, where you can purchase the Metal Coat for 2500P. So technically if you wanted to take the time on it and play fun mini games for a bit of time, you can totally go and grind the Pokéathlon instead for progress in the Dome (if your goal is to eventually do everything there)
"Hawlucha is weak to rock" My brother in Christ, did you forgor your type matchups? It's neutral into Rock, but weak into Fairy -- so Totem Rihbombee can be a problem.
19:28 that awakened my inner eagle/hawk/falcon. I've got to stop doing that, it's confusing the people around
Video idea: (Assuming Pokémon are carnivorous, Pokédex agrees) What Pokemon would wild Pokémon eat?
15:39 i nearly died
Best gen 7 early game encounter should be grubbin.. Vikavolt just destroys the late game and grubbin's bug typing gives it resistance to fighting 😅
21:02 how's hawlucha weak to rock?
My personal favorite set to run on Corviknight in Pokemon Showdown is Bulk Up Agility Power Trip Roost and if you're doing a playthrough you can just replace Roost with Body Press cause you can just heal him up yourself
2:35 Bye Bye Butterfree trauma activated
21:32 she hates how it looks it may be useful battle wise but I will say Garbodor is an awesome mn before I ever respect Hawlucha at all even Unfezant looks better and that's saying a lot  22:04 difficulty don't exist in Let's go its as easy as it a pokemon game can get
Honestly with how much Herdier and Stoutland carried me, I'd give Black/White to Lillipup instead. Great long term.  Always catch a Lillipup first!
2:31 imagine being a rock type gym trainer but you don’t know how to train your pokemon to have rock type moves 😭😭😭
6:31 SAY THAT AGAIN
10:06 I choose to not use staraptor cause of the hype I hear about it in gen 4. I know its good but I just choose to not use it
15:38 say that again? (I’m so cooked dude…the internet has ruined me)
I. Hate. Pansear. Pansear is the entire reason you cannot catch a Pidove or Venipede before the first Gym because if you could catch one then the people who picked Oshawott would *never* use the stupid fire monkey. I'm indifferent to Panpour since I didn't even know you could get the monkey's at all in my first playthrough of white until after beating Chilli. I do however love *my* Pansage/Simisage Basil who was an MVP in a no catch playthrough I did alongside my starter Emboar Bacon and my Carracosta Broth they were a very nice core team, but no other Pansage/Simisage just Basil.
18:45 magnemite is better
Mikey my dear I cannot imagine anyone just finding you like this and not subscribing I mean I have been a fan of yours I'm pretty sure since you were in college yeah I think you were in college when I started following you cuz you didn't post for a while and I was like wonder if he's okay and you were like in your next video sorry I had finals
It's okay Hawlucha . . . I'm weak to Olivia, too.   Damn, gurl.
15:38 67
i almost fell off my seat hearing about the spearow for hawlu"cha"
I wish Grunty Boi would be mean again
The first thing you want to catch in Hoenn is 5 Zigzagoon so you never have to set foot into a Pokemart.
I love these kind of videos. Easy watch when cooking
Hey Mickey I'd like to see Team Sky in alola
can't you catch pidove before ther 1st gym in black&white?
Could you beat any of the hm games without having a flying type
12:38   You see, Grunty Boi gave the master's degree in criminal justice some blaze powder and a fermented spider eye, which transformed it into a masters degree in crime.
15:38 level what?
Pokemon Let's Go: the starter. No more needed to be said (you technically catch them, so they fit the title)
Yay. It's time for my fill of Pokémon knowledge I'll never use.
mandjtv as the voice of the deltarune community will you ever do a deltarune playthrough?
Wouldn't the silcoon/wurmple also be a good option?
I will always remember the violet playthrough where I found a shiny hariyama early on and managed to catch it. I named him Dave miller, a dsaf reference
I'd like to give the medal of honor for Hoenn's best early catch to Zigzagoon. It get Headbutt early, and while it may struggle with the first two gyms, it will always be in your team picking up items. On top of that, on gen three specifically, Linoone can solo kill the entire E4 (Hariyama could never).
If I had a nickel for every time a 500 bst fighting/flying pokemon could be caught before the first gym and used to steamroll the game, I’d have two nickels. Which isn’t a lot, but it’s weird that it’s happened twice.
I don't know why, but these "Best ___ in every game" videos are some of my favorites
GO TEAM SKY
I'd argue Lilipup/Stoutland is wayyyy better in B/W. It's one of the strongest and highest BST Pokemon in Unova that you're gonna be getting.
Thumbnail with suicune crazy
The rookidee power trip strategy is valid cause I remember abusing it on my playthrough. It was so cool figuring that out, and on top of that, I found a strategy with falinks, espeon, and sylveon that let you max it out
Whereee isss team skyyyyyy
15:39 siiiiix seveeeen
9:04 Raticate is a good mon in FRLG, Taillow is great with guts, and Linoone can literally solo sweep the Elite 4 in Hoenn. They’re being badly undervalued here.
15:39 did you just say.... 67?
I'd argue that the best first catch for G/S/C is Geodude. For the first three gens the level cap for traded Pokémon is every other badge, meaning Onix won't obey you for the Falkner or Bugsy fights (I say this from experience)
So many flying types in this video. I think mandjtv is telling us something…. Go Team Sky!! 🪽
15:38 6 7
Yeah you don't get a f****** bird before the first gym in unova I didn't realize that I mean in some regions the first wild Pokemon you see is a f****** bird
GLOW SQUID I LOVE GLOW SQUID
Gen3 get yourself a tailow with guts.  For B2W2 the riolu is insane, just run up and down for a bit and you can have a Lucario before the 1st gym. Sure you dont have any fighting moves, but it resists the 1st gym and its BST is way higher than anything you should have at that point.
You forgot urshifu in gen 8 with dlc. Its better than suicune
Hawlucha is not weak to Rock. It is however weak to Fairy, and thus the totem Ribombee.
6:04 the actual best mon to catch in RSE isn’t even mentioned - Taillow. It’s typing isn’t even super important, but Guts Facade on a mon with STAB and that speed stat is insane. It allows Taillow (and later Swellow) to sweep entire fights solo, only requiring you to get it poisoned ahead of time on random wild Wurmple and things.
Sort of disagree with X and Y pick. Like, yes, it's maybe helpful for one gym early on, but the fact you're always going to get a lucario anyway makes me feel like it just isnt the *best* choice - a good choice, perhaps, but certainly not the best
Best catch in Alola is grimer. To me it’s not really even close.
Good on you grunty boy continue your higher education
While I agree with the pick of Butterfree for Red and Blue, enough was changed in Yellow that I think Nidoran♂ is still the better choice. It gets Double Kick at enough lower of a level and does enough damage that Onix still isn't a big worry, and then you get a Moon Stone in Mt. Moon almost immediately after. As soon as Nidorino learns all the level-up moves you want (AKA almost instantly probably) you use the Moon Stone and have a Pokemon with fully evolved, end of game type stat growth, really good TM compatibility, and whose only bad matchup is Sabrina.  Butterfree meanwhile peaks at exactly the defeat of Brock, Confusion off of Butterfree's Special stat isn't that much better than Double Kick off Nidoran or Nidorino's Attack if any at all, and while the Psychic TM can help it stay relevant later on you're likely to get much better wielders of that special move such as Abra or Drowzee.  And of course, Ember off of your Charmander isn't that bad at getting through Brock and never has been. By the time Bulbasaur learns its Vine Whip, Charmander is already through with Ember since Bulbasaur learns Leech Seed first. Yes, Bubble is a quad weakness and easily wins despite low base power and Ember faces a single resistance so does relatively 1/8 the damage an equivalent Water or Grass move would...but that just means like three or four resisted hits instead of a single hit. Bulbasaur uses more moves getting enough experience to LEARN Vine Whip than Charmander does to get through Brock, and almost identical if you're using Leech Seed to set up and then hitting resisted Tackles for chip damage while hoping not to get destroyed with Bide.
I caught my entire team in Scarlet before the first gym.
21:35  that face give me “are you stupid” vibes
AB testing for the win
15:38 What were those numbers??
Never knew about Rocky the Onix in Gen 2. I would just use a Geodude from Route 46, but I can see the point regarding it being a traded Pokemon getting boosted experience, and Steelix being a defensive unit of a Pokemon
A dream of your theet falling off during prom is a very clear symbolic unconscious message of your fear of growing up:    Milk theet fall off when we grow up, and prom is seen as a rite of passage from childhood to adulthood. Experiencing it as something negative highlights the fear of that happening.  In case you didn't know 😅
did you say "massive"
Unova2: choose your starter! Everyone: Riolu.
21:31 Cha does have Attack boosting nature, but speed is lowered. Only if it was adamant...
Thanks
Nah come on Nidoran male is the best 1st pokemon to catch in Pokemon history
😢bidoof❤
What he said at 15:38 almost made me lose my mind. I'm so cooked, chat.
bit of a small oversight regarding gen 2 games, when it comes to HG and SS, you can find geodude in dark cave and the north of the first route past new bark town, and in Gold Silver and Crystal you can find em in dark cave, to me it's a way better option than trading for an onix since boosted experience is a bad tradeoff for potential disobedience which can be awful early game. if you got the time to trade a magnemite over from an older file or know some wild way to bypass whitney to get em ingame without some form of cheating it'd be news to me, albeit news i'd like to know regardless since these games are my favorite of all generations of pokemon, thanks for the long read love the channel and the silliness you and john(and others of course) get up to, have a great time in life!
I honestly have never used Staraptor. I never liked the way the Starly line looked. Tried to use one in Legends Arceus. Still wasn't a fan. Oddly enough, I love the Pidove line.  Use them almost every time I play gen 5, and one playthrough of Sword. Everyone has their favorites and least favorites.
you can only catch Fearow in blue!
15:38 guys guys he said it
It hurts that whenever I hear “6 or 7” in a normal sentence I just can’t take it seriously. 15:39 if anyone’s wondering
For Sword and Shield, I'd absolutely give a shout-out to Growlithe in Sword (and to a lesser extent Vulpix in Shield) because they're obtainable on Route 3 and you can get a Fire Stone beyond the little wooden bridge near the entrance to Motostoke (you don't need any badges to cross it) and so you can get an Arcanine (or Ninetales) before the first Gym and then just use the Pokémon Center move relearners to teach some awesome Fire moves 😊
I have never used Staraptor on any playthrough, but that goes for all the early route birds in every generation of the games. At this point a personal challenge run would be to actually use them in a playthrough.
Hone Claws + Power Trip Rookidee carried me through Pokémon Sword
PETITION TO DYE MIKEY'S HAIR BLUE 👇
3:28 I remember trying to bring Rocky all the way to Red when I was a kid. Good times.   No I couldn't evolve it.
It's nice to see what normal players do 😅. I usually have a moment where I don't feel like playing, just kinda doing stuff, and it's usually when the game begins... So more often than not I end up being over leveled early on. For most of my recent playthroughs, I started shiny hunting, so now I just pick 6 of my favorite Mon, breed for shiny and playthrough. Legends arceus is the only game I didn't do that with, but one of the first Mon I caught was an alpha snorlax. I caught a bunch of whatever Mon, sacrificed them while throwing balls, revived them and repeat until I caught it. So I kinda steam rolled most of the early game with that 😅
Love the buizel win ❤
Another fun fact on Flamingo is that it is the most optimal Speedrun Pokemon in base S/V due to its typing and moveset.
The team sky cutoff is my favorite running joke
6 7
As someone who Picked Chickorita in Soulsilver back in the day, Rocky the Onix carried me through the first 2 Gyms, but not Whitney because my then Bayleaf was a girl, and knew Toxic Spore. Miltank used Milk Drink? Well it's still poisoned and I have a Crapload of Potions so I win the battle of attrition.
1:55 Scott's thoughts would be proud
Did you know Pikachu is the 25th entry in the national Pokedex.
Isn't Poliwag available pre gym one in yellow?
I like that Gunty Boy is getting a Masters degree in crime, somewhat implying he already has a bachelor’s degree in crime
I’d never really used Hariyama before until my Violet play through, so much fun to belly drum and then sweep, especially if you give him a shell bell
In my first Y playthrough, I took Quacklin all the way on my Champion team. Was the first time I ever used a Farfetch'd for a playthrough...and I still have it in Pokemon Home because of this.
It's a universal trait to use a Riolu during a BW2 playthrough team at least once. 😂
I am saddened to see mankey a second time with a magical nose that triples in size when it snorts.
I think flying became such a staple in a playthrough because of the older games and fly. We almost always used a flying type for fly and it's just a pretty nice type.
15:38 6 7 mentioned
Crazy how many people just ditch several pokemon halfway through the games.   I can't remember when I've ever done this aside from random shinies which don't match my team comp.   Maybe I'm just more picky on what pokemon I actually add to my team. Last time I used a basic flyer was when I was 8 with staraptor. You get hm fly after the halfway point in most games, so a flyer is hardly necessary and it's fun to use unique pokemon from time to time, I remember watchog with hypnosis, swords dance, return being really overpowered.
Lost my headphones this weekend. Thank you.
There's changes in BDSP?
hello did you watch johns stream yesterday
ok this guy just wants to blow alakazam
Isn't Alakazam better than Gardevoir with the special attack?
Zero Stoutland love. Ridiculous.
I actually used the rookidee/corviknight thing in Scarlet when I accidentally found a shiny rookidee!  Then I moved him to Violet because I play that game more…
Technically, Pikachu and Eevee are the first catch in Let's Go!!!
Let's be real the first pokemon u catch should be ur starter
Rocky in gen 2 isn't that good for bugsy though?! It'll disobey you when its over level 10, so doesn't that hinder its usefulness?
I can attest to the fact that Riolu is a _very_ good  early game mon but only for people who want to blitz through the game as fast as humanly possible. I had one for my Black 2 playthrough and once he evolved he became my "press button to win". The Unova games are already jokingly easy the second you introduce Non-Unovan mons into them but Lucario is like bringing a nuke to a knife fight here...
15:38 6”7 🗣️🗣️
I bet Mikey always catches drowzee next
Staraptor should be able to learn drain punch. I use a mod to get a staraptor with drain punch it. almost became as strong as the LENGENDARY being as to heal will to damage and specially after a def and sp def after a close combat
In Black and White, you can also get Munna from the Dreamyard. So, you can actually get a full team of six. Otherwise, fantastic video, Mikey! Love the concepts that you come up with!
15:38 *sigh*
12:34  "I'm getting a master's degree, in crime!"  Nooo! Grunty Boi has learned nothing!
I feel early even though it isnt😅
Ruby/Sapphire it should be pickup zigzagoon.  Pickup was fixed for Emerald and FR/LG, but R/S the sheer value of regular rare candies, nuggets, and other items is absolutely crazy.
18:45 salamance?????
- For Ruby and Sapphire, after you catch Slakoth head back and fill your party with Zigzagoon because Pickup is cracked.  - For BW2, Lucario is an option to hard wall Roxie as well since it's immune to her STAB, resists everything else, and Bianca gives you the Return TM right after the first gym (which Lucario would be running at near max or full power after evolving) for neutral damage.  - Another point toward Ralts in ORAS: Super Training allows you to get Dawn Stones at any time so you can have a level 20 Gallade if you rolled a male Ralts.
15:38 I’m not immature it’s not funny I’m not immature it’s not funny I’m not immature it’s not funny
I know it doesn't count anymore because the event is over, but the Shiny event Beldum can arguably be the best (again, during the time when the event was active). Having boosted experience on a pseudo, Zen Headbutt and Iron Head carried me majorty of my playthrough
Flamigo and hawlucha are ridiculously similar. Obviously sane type and BST but its a step further where most stats are less then 5 apart, and the only real difference is that flamingo loses ~25 speed for ~25 attack.
GUTS SWELLOW… that is all
There's only one master's degree in crime in the whole world. The only way to obtain it is by stealing it from the current owner.
Justice for fletchling/talonflame line
I'd argue that Lillipup is just as good of an answer for best 1st catch as the elemental monkeys are in Black and White.  Sure the monkeys are better for the Striation Gym specifically, but Lillipup isn't bad either, I have personally used it many times to combat Cilans Pansage for me. It then evolves quite early at level 16 into Herdier and then again at level 32. Both Herdier and Stoutland get Intimidate, which is one of the best abilities in the game, as you mentioned. Stoutland has a bst of 500, boasting 110 Attack, a respectable 90 in both defenses, and an alright (for gen 5) speed stat of 80. There are no Rock nor Steel specialists in Black and White, meaning the only specialist which doesn't take neutral damage from Stoutland is Shauntals Ghost types, which Stoutland/Herdier is also immune to, and naturally learns Crunch for as early as level 24. Stoutland can even be taught all of the elemental fang moves through move reminder, to patch out any lack of elemental coverage your team might have (something I've personally took advantage of many times).  TL;DR Lillipup is just as good (if not better for the long term) of a 1st catch in Black and White as the elemental monkeys are, due to it's high bst, good ability and Normal types having a comparatively easy time in Unova.
In the brock gym i didn't have any problems with my chanmander .I  was using metal claw all the time which is super effective against Brock and Also can increase your attack
I do think Nidoran is worth mention in at least Yellow. Double Kick might be going up against Onix's ludicrous Defense, but it's still dealing super effective damage, and Onix isn't doing much back to you. You can even spam Leer during the Bide turns to ensure that move doesn't hurt you and that your moves hurt it more. And more to the point, Nidoking is ridiculously good long-term, especially in Gen 1. You should know this, you reacted to that world record speedrun video where the guy dominated with Nidoking!  That being said, I do think Butterfree is very valid here, and I also think it works long-term in Gen 1 as well. Psychic moves are only resisted by the type itself, and Butterfree is your earliest access to that, and it can learn the stronger ones later on. And in addition to that, there's Harden to consider. You might remember talking about the badge boost glitch in a previous video about how janky early Pokémon was, yeah? Well, Harden is actually fantastic for that reason. Butterfree can use it to get a little boost to other stats as well, which can go a long way. Between Harden, Sleep Powder, and Psychic, Butterfree can put on more respectable of a showing than most people might imagine in the long run. I'm not pretending it's secretly some insane powerhouse that's criminally overlooked, but what it has to offer can take it surprisingly far.
You said that Brock would use a full heel if onyx became confused Full heals don't heal confusion
11:02 WAIT WHAT CAN ANYONE EXPLAIN THIS!!
I’d say for gen 3, if you haven’t used Beautifly in a play through early on, please do. Against Roxanne, it’ll one shot the geodudes with absorb, and brawley cannot do anything to them. It’s early on, so super easy to train.  Beautifly is a phenomenal early game in emerald
Something tells me Michael likes Gen 5 graphics and animation
4:08 - Loved my Rocky the Steelix in my SoulSilver playthrough! Man tanked basically everything and I did what your video suggests with Earthquake and Iron Tail. Loved that team
15:39 6or7?????
cha the hawlucha CARRIED me through my recent ultra sun run through 🙌🏼
9:03 Guts Facade Swellow wants to speak with you
Yeah there's a reason Hawlucha is a speedrun staple
2:00 oddish
If you catch a female Onix in Union Cave and teach it Rock Smash, then Onix also destroys the dreaded Miltank easily.
yeahhhhh!!!!! butterfree was how I beat brock as a kid in yellow! I felt like a genius cuz that was really difficult.
werent you able to catch a salamance before the first totam in sun and moon?
I wonder what first Pokémon is going to be the most useful for Legends Z-A... guess we'll have to wait until the game comes out to find out
Ouch, that farfetch'd burn
11:33 - wait wait wait . . . what's on that note. What aren't you showing us? Why are you keeping secrets?
15:38
Hey, for BW1, don't sleep on Lillipup! 50 base power Tackle (up to 75 power with stab) can take care of the gym monkey no problem, and Herdier and Stoutland keep getting better; Intimidate, access to Crunch and the elemental fangs, great all-round stats for a playthrough (bar special attack), even serves as a Surf user in a pinch.
I love these kinds of videos.
15:37 I need to lock in
I would give a shout out to ralts in SV because you don't really have any major battles besides a Nemona one before you have access to the open world and when you have access to the open world, XP gain is significantly easier. You can get Kirlia within about 5-10 minutes then Gallade not long after. You can have Gallade with Aerial Ace for the first two gyms
Lop my brother tanking the Elite 4 in Sapphore with a level 69 Linoone
So I might sound crazy, but I actually disagree with Rookidee. I think the winner is Growlithe in Shield and Vulpix in Sword. You can get a Firestone less than 2 minutes away from where you find them, and the free Move Reminder means you can fully kit them out to DESTROY the early game
Read the title as "The first Pokemon you *CAN* catch in every game" and I was very confused as to why Suicune was on my screen
youre not really gonna act like a mankey loses to the tackle using onyx
9th gen, my pick would be the water terra garchomp
For Charmander players in Red and Blue, Fire is also always Special damage, and even though Onix resists Fire, it's poor Special stat still allows Charmander's Ember to cause considerable damage. Just pay attention to when Onix uses Bide, and use Growl during that time. Charmander will always out speed Onix, so you're going to have the advantage when it comes to making sure you don't deal damage. You're literally biding your time.......hahaha 😂
Brine got me thinking: What would be the best non-starter Surfer in every HM game? (I specify non-starter because Totodile's line has terrible Special Attack)
15:38 😏
Cha doesn't weak to rock...
Unironically the best thing id say for gen 1 is ratata cuz it can guarantee half health on a opponent with a super fang
15:36 what level?
15:38 MIKEY NOOOOOOOOO
Okay, but hear me out - RSE: Zigzagoon. Pickup. Your starter can deal with Roxanne, and rare candies are, well, rare. Linoone can also learn four HMs if you need them, and Belly Drum by level up.
Living for the Flamigo love
I really thought you would pick lillipup in gen 5 as Stoutland is a really good choice in gen5 , lillipup also get the ability intimidate on evolution to herdier at level 16
Any Pokémon I catch from the first minute I keep on my team cuz they’re ur buddies ur supposed to bond with them not use them “temporarily”  Feels like yall are playing wrong
technically speaking, because of a mechanic where you leap from one ledge to another, that opens up the rest of the map to you before even going to Mesagoza
You can find a way to make any Pokemon good if you love them enough. I beated the pkmn leauge with a fricking linoone
Funny thing is, thats why i kept flamigo in my Violet play, i was derping around and found one, i never caught the electric bird because Flamigo was very good in many fights ^^;
15:38 🫩
I know this has nothing to do with the video but when are we getting team sky in alola
I'm a main developer for the gameboy inspired creature collector Reikai, and the best one to get in the early game is Pawssum. No questions. Every Reikai has an ability unique to it's evolution line (split evolution lines have different abilities, either completely new abilities for both, or keeping one with its original ability and changing the ability on the other evolution) and Pawssum and it's Evolution have one that lets it have a 5% chance of just not dying, and healing back up a quarter of it's health. And when it uses that ability, it has another like 5% chance of just instantly evolving, without needing to level up to 20. So under the right circumstances he's effectively immortal (the ability can be used anytime he is KO'd, including multiple times per the same battle) and he has a chance to instantly evolve into a more powerful version, who also has that same ability. (Although it's worth noting that he loses the ability to evolve after he's evolved, as it's only a two stage line.) His actual attack moves are pretty bad though.
Booo I’d still say Nidoran male is the best first pick in generation 1, butterfree sucks ass
My dyslexic neighbor pronounces Riolu as "rye-ooh-luh" and Kyogre as "kee-oar-ghee."
In let’s go, there’s a rare chance to encounter bulbasaur in the viridian forest. Therefore, with it technically being a gen 1 game, bulbasaur is basically the best choice.  Edit: nvm he covers this. I’m stupid. 🤦‍♂️
15:37 67
Ngl in legends arceus I feel like beautifly is Better then buizel, I did a nuzlocke on legends arceus and beautifly is so good against kleavor and hisuian lilligant
Mikey proved Flamigo's fact when he used it on Violet Team Sky
You can get the Steelix in HG/SS in Cliff Cave, theres wild Steelix at Lvl. 23, but of course after the 5th gym. If you dont want to trade evolve Rocky
19:28 LMAO
15:39 level 6-7
Grass Starters
I used Simisage on my recent White run for the heck of it and it was actually really good.
Let’s goo
You mean criminal justice?  No. Just crime!  😂😂😂😂 Love grunty boi!
In gen 6 I started with Froakie and caught a pansear to fight the bug gym. It learns Incinerate at level 10 which was super useful 😄.
15:38 6 7
No guts status condition facade swellow is a crime
Flamigo mi amigo
I legit took my Butterfree all the way through the game in a firered run in middle school. Sleep powder and dream eater was a menace
Boost riolu's friendship from 6 or 7?
I just over level my mons...ez
11:52  yay, my favourite back to school item…that my school recently banned along side smartphones, personal devices, and won’t even let the teacher’s let us listen to music on our school-given chromebooks…wonderful (this is not meant as hate, just annoyed at my school lol)
12:37 you wanna talk about it
If i had a nickle for each best early catch being a BST 500 flying/fighting type...
Anyone else just not catch a 2nd pokemon til it’s one you like
There is a concerning amount of Flying types on this list! I sense hidden Team Sky propaganda! ... also a not so hidden one... but still!
15:37
WAIT LEVEL 6 OR 7 ?!?! (I’m not sorry
You know it’s funny I used a Lucario on my team the first time I played through white 2 version alongside Tepig, and eventually Emboar, without even thinking about the fighting type overlap and the shared ground type weakness. But like at the same time I was also using Metagross which it and Lucario also shared a weakness to ground and a weakness to fire. I also had an ampharos which means my team had a significant weakness to ground but I got around this by having a Leavanny and Jellicent on my team. So overall my white 2 version team had a big weakness to ground types but the only ground type specialist was the Driftveil city gym leader Clay.
15:38 6 7?
TBH you should consider Taillow as a good pick as well in 3rd gen. Maybe it sucks vs Roxanne, but it shines through the whole game, especially with Guts/Facade + Silk Scarf combo
26:36 ... I mean emolga is also good if you factor the isle of armor and exclude legendarys, right? It gets air slash, volt switch and nuzzle so it could work as a catching pokemon
Do you have a reaction video about the latest trailer of ZA ?
6 7
in gen 2 best early catch is geodude
How dare YouTube keep this man’s content from me for an hour.
Mareep was in Gen 5 is op just get confuse ray and thunder wave and its basically a free knockout
Hawlucha is one of my top 3 pokemon and ultra sun is Why. Cha was an absolute demon. Shoutout to makit using him right now in Alpha Sapphire for the first time, and he takes care of everything.
15:23 as someone who used Quacklin you’d be surprised, brought him to the E4
erm.... mankey and nidoran are not only capable of learning a fighting move before brock, but also leer, which melts through onix's defense stat like a hot knife through butter
Pikipek was such a huge team member in my first Alola playthrough. It's still in my top 5 flying types.
13:50 I would say Lillipup is the best long-term. Stoutland is surprisingly strong.
Hariyama is good for sure but I don't see how it's better than guts facade Swellow boosted with silk scarf. I guess setting the poison or burn up can be annoying, but the damage is insane
What about Marill is found in the tall grass on Route 104 alongside Wingull, but, both overlap with Mudkip's Water Type. *HOWEVER!* Lotad is the best choice if you're using Torchic as you'll likely have a Lombre & Combusken ready for Roxanne, plus Lombre would have Absorb from the Lotad stage at Level 7.   There is one main downside: Lotad is only caught in Emerald/ Sapphire, so you have to trade one to Ruby if you want Miror B.'s favorite Pokémon. This also applies for Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire.   Marill is *only* found on Route 104 in Tall Grass if you're playing Emerald; Wingull has the unfortunate fate of both being strong against & weak against Roxanne, making anyone using it, struggle. *Watch Pokémon Emerald, but, I'm Team Sky for more information. Only available on the MandJTV Plays Channel.*
What about oddish in gen 1 tho- not only is it strong vs rock, it also will be strong vs misty later due to it being a grass type. It can get absorb for self sustain and evolve at level 21 (B4 misty) to be a gloom which has even better stats.
The only point I would argue is with Sun and Moon, Ultra Sun and Ultra Moon On route 3, you can encounter Bagon. But if you wait it out, theres a chance it can SOS call a FULLY EVOLVED SALAMENCE You can get a fully evolved pseudo legendary pokemon before the first trial
12:38 same
15:39 he said the number :)
hawlucha was pro mode in USUM  it wasnt even hard with it
I’m a fan, so this isn’t me bashing your videos, it’s constructive criticism.   But I feel like these videos you make are runining a lot of first time Pokemon fans playthroughs. Instead of people simply finding pokemon they love and figuring out a way to win, your videos “could” push people to just catch what you recommend.
For Gen 6, I feel considering that you already get that gift Lucario makes catching your own Lucario a bit redundant, so... I'm not sure I'd consider Lucario the best catch (even if your own Lucario will obviously be stronger by the time you make it to the 3rd gym, it has EVs already, but due to Mega Lucario that doesn't really matter). I'm... not 100% certain what the alternative would be though, Talonflame is strong so I'd say there's a solid argument for Fletchling, iirc you can catch Azurill on the same route and with Huge Power and its new Fairy type it can be very helpful as well. If we count the DLC for Gen 8, then actually I think there's better catches than Suicune. Since you don't have to take the Suicune, and you can just keep on going on Dynamax Adventures, you can in theory have ANY of these Legendary Pokemon as your "first catch". Of course, any of them would be overkill, but obviously some more so than others, the Cover Legendaries for example are clearly better than Suicune... so personally I'd probably arrive at something like Solgaleo, Palkia or such.
15:38 6 7
I'm surprised you didn't consider slowpoke (for those who'd rather not break the game) or blipbug for sword and shield
Totally thought Johto would be Gastly
In Gen three the best is actually guys Taillow because of early wing attack and after Norman guys facade taillow sweeps all.
Given that nidoking is meta for speedrunning Gen 1, I still argue Nidoran is the better option.
I love Corviknight.
Where's the school that teaches Crime?
Plot twist: This video was written, or at least shadow sponsord by Team Sky
I think the best first catch in Let’s Go is Mew 💀
For Gen 2, what level will Onix start disobeying the trainer before fighting Falkner?
10:13  My gen 4 flier is usually always Drifblim
You should do a “challenge” run on MandJTVPlays where you play a game but your only allowed to use the Pokémon you picked in these best Pokémon videos
21:30 Spearow don’t eat at much, I guess.
Fun fact flimingo is the speed run pokemon or was for scarvo by a mile
I have to heavily disagree on Rocky in Gen 2. You forgot a key aspect, being a traded evolution Rocky doesn't obey past Level 10 until you beat Bugsy, making it quite weak or just annoying to use. You can catch a non-traded Onix in Union Cave before that gym but that sounds like cheating for this purpose.  There's a much better Pokémon to catch early-on especially in GSC: Gastly in Sprout Tower. Doesn't help against Falkner in terms of type matchup but its access to Hypnosis and Normal-type immunity makes it a super strong playthrough Pokémon for Gen 2.
16:30 But Gardevoir is still good (it was good in Gen 3 for this too) because of all the poison types used by Team Aqua & Magma.
fun tip: if you're playing b2w2 on a emulator, you could easily have a lucario before cheren, all you need to do is put it at the front of the party, run in circles for 15-20 minutes on fast forward, and then level it up during the day (you can do this on console too but it'll take a lot longer since you don't have speed up) plus, lucario gets bone rush at 28, while riolu don't
Just get a girl Geodude for Gen 2.
Friendly correction Mikey: Hawlucha is not actually weak to rock due to being a fighting type
26:55 *ehem* Arkoos ☺️
I love how there’s all these random Pokemon that you can catch straight away and then there’s just a DAMN SUICUNE THAT YOU CAN GET IMMEDIATELY AT LEVEL 70
You know what? Good for Grunty Boi!
Personally, I keep Butterfree through to the end out of sadness the sadness that stuck with me from “Bye Bye Butterfree.”
I’m loving Grunty Boi’s journey!!
Out of the 3 elemental monkeys, Pansear is the best of the 3 to get (meaning you need to pick oshawott) It's neutral against Lenora & Elesa, Strong against Brycen & Burgh, as well as having STAB supereffective fire attacks in the elite 4, as well as having decent ghost type coverage with Shadow Claw for all of Shauntal's Pokémon (and again, fire for Froslass) It struggles against Clay's ground types and is weak to Skyla's Swanna, and like all the monkeys is weak against Drayden/Iris' dragon types. Pansage however is weak to Burgh's bug types, weak against STAB Super Effective Aerial Ace from both of Elesa's Emolgas, weak to ALL of Skyla's pokemon & Brycen's pokemon, and good against 2 of Clay's ground types (thanks to Excadrill's steel typing). In the elite 4 it's decent against Shauntal's Pokémon, good against Grimsley's Krookodile, and weak to 4 of Alder's Pokémon  Panpour doesn't fare much better. Elesa is right out with her electric types, and while Dwebble is weak to water, Leavanny resists it and hits back with super effective STAB grass attacks. It's decent against Clay's Krokorok, but palpitoad & excadrill are both neutral. It resists Brycen's ice moves, but after that the only Pokémon it has any kind of strength against are most of Shauntal's team (Jellicent & Simipour mutually resist, while it's super effective against Golurk & Chandeluee), is strong against Grimsley's Krookodile but immediately after resisted by his Bisharp. Then it has no super effective moves against either Caitlyn or Marshall, and is resisted by 2 of Alder's pokemon, but strong against one (his Volcarona).  Pansear stacks up best in Black & White out if the 3 elemental monkeys, and considering that fire types are fairly rare in Unova (at least compared to having access to good grass and water types before the elite 4), I'd say Pansear makes the best pick, as you'll be stuck with the elemental monkey for a good while to have coverage
I just so happened to name my hariyama "SweatyHands" for fun
This is really cool Mikey.  Also Someone made a Pokémon fan game out of Mario characters from its franchise called Super Mariomon. What do make of it?
"You mean criminal justice right?"  Grunty boy: ......sure
10:15 Staraptor is so good I held it all the way to giratina. It was heavily underleveled and still managed to pull weight
Toucannon is so underrated. It's slow for a bird, but if you're using its awesome signature move Beak Blast, it doesn't matter. A 100 power flying move that burns if they make contact. If they hit you once, anytime after that, it doesn't do as much. Plus it can learn Brick Break from the TM you get inside the FIRST trial. And Bullet Seed is fun as coverage and is based on its lore as using its beak as a gun.
I never skip Grunty Boy's sponsor segments. He's hilarious Edit: Typo
Let’s be real for a sec. Whintny is not hard! Once you get headbutt in the Ilex Forest, you can catch a Heracross who leans Brick Break at Level 21! Giving you a strong sweeper for Whintny, or you could just use Croconaw!
15:30 Farfetch'd is also found there
back to school season? *I've been in school for 7 weeks already*
9:47 still bidoof better
15:38 what did he just say??
In my Opinion the best Gen 1 Early game Pokemon is the Lv 100 Nidoking or Gengar.
ive been rewatching old videos for days (not complaining) but i needed this. bless u john michael
Including trade Pokémon is stupid, tailow or shroomish are the best hoenn Pokémon to catch first
21:06 Actually Hawlucha is neutral to rock due to it's fighting type...
I thought you could catch musharna before you beat the first gym? I'm probably very wrong it's been a long while since I played
A very interesting topic
I feel like every first gen team will always have a pidgey to eventually evolve into Pigeot!
Gen 1 it's Nidoran Male for Yellow version.   Insane coverage moves. Horn Drill with X Accuracy can sweep anything.
Geodude is definitely better than Onix in gen 2 and can legit carry you through the entire game. It’s super effective or neutral against all of the gym leaders, super effective against all of Team Rocket, and can solo 4/5 of the league. Steelix’s stats make it awful for playthroughs despite seeming cool in theory.  Golem being so strong in gen 2 is why it’s my favorite Pokémon, so I had to come through and defend my girl Golly haha! 😅
How can I not know that after Gen 3, Low Kick inflicts more damage the heavier the pokemon in terms of the graph? I just never considered interpreting it in such a context. I read move sets all the time, especially from the recent game releases, but this was a surprise.
15:38 w-w-what…?
Really cool video
This video should have been called first Pokemon to get and use in every game
An alternative to Starly for Sinnoh would be Machop  Yes your starter can defeat Roark on their own, but you can trade Machop (either before or after defeating Roark) for an Abra within the same town Kadabra in BDSP is better than Kadabra in DPP all thanks to Kadabra being able to learn Dazzling Gleam, a fairy type move that doesn’t exist in DPP
I personally preffer geodude over onyx in gen 2. It gets rock throw earlier, it gets mganitude at 16 when onyx doesn't learn a ground type move by level-up at all, it has a higher attack stat, it evolves into graveler without having to trade, and even if you can trade, golem is immediately accessible, compared to having to farm a metal coat with thief off wild magnetite or waiting for post-game for steelix
19:30 The cut-off "GO TEAM SKY-" got a good chortle out of me 😂
15:37 67😈😈😈😈😈
Onix’s defense doesn’t actually matter in Gen 1, if you catch Nidoran or Manky 2 low kicks, or double kicks will get the KO
for x i think its the steelix
When it comes to Scarlet and Violet, I’m not surprised that it was Flamigo who was chosen as the best early Pokémon, I’ve used one and it was absolutely amazing and so fun to use, I am surprised you didn’t mention the Teal Mask DLC as you can access it after dealing with the Academy tutorial.
Funnily enough, most of these Pokémon are some of my favourites. I used Bulbasaur for my entire first playthroughs in Let's Go Pikachu and Let's Go Eevee, Rookidee for my whole first playthroughs in Sword and Shield since I did not have the DLC initially, Starly for my entire first playthroughs in Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl, and Flamigo for my whole first playthrough in Violet since I wanted to use Annihilape in Scarlet since I wanted to use Ceruledge in Violet. However, I still used Flamigo before I had access to Mankey.
Who cares about special or physical, it means nothing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
15:37
Can confirm I swept paldea after finding a shiny Flamigo less then 30 minutes in
ralts > makuhita
7:14  I love how the Ralts has a bandage over its head after it got hit by the stat box lol
Personal Picks for Each Game  Red and Blue - Butterfree Yellow - Mankey Gold and Silver - Bellsprout -> Onix  Crystal - Poliwag Ruby and Sapphire - Ralts Emerald - Lotad Fire Red and Leaf Green - Mankey Diamond, Pearl, Platinum - Starly Heart Gold and Soul Silver - Mareep (Note: You can catch wild Steelix in Cliff Cave so Rocky the Onix has less long term viability) Black and White - Lillipup (It's the best of the early game pokemon overall) Black and White 2 - Riolu X and Y - Azurill (You get a Mega Lucario for free so you might as well catch one of the other two great early pokemon) Omega Ruby and Alpha Sapphire - Ralts (You can get a Dawn Stone before Victory Road through Super Training or from beating Inver and Gallade can stomp most of Hoenn) Sun and Moon - Alolan Grimer Ultra Sun and Moon - Spearow -> Hawlucha Let's Go Pikachu and Eevee - Oddish (No cheese with catch combos for Bulbasaur) Sword and Shield with DLC - Bulbasaur from Mustard's first trial, w/o DLC - Rookidee (I prefer Drilbur but it's weak to the first two gyms) Brilliant Diamond and Shining Pearl - Starly Scarlet and Violet with DLC - Applin, w/o DLC - Flamigo
Cha is not weak to Rock.
Corvknight Bulk up+Body Press sweept half of my playthrough of Shield
I LOVE STARLY!!
SUICIUNE????
Hi MandJTV.
Just want to mention that I’ve beaten Brock in Yellow multiple times with double kicking Nidoran. Onix’s high defense matters more against normal type moves.
Admittedly I do not know where this is found, but very surprised that the Gen 7 games did not mention that one Salamence you can get through Bagon calling for aid.
9:05 guts swellow puts in work
Hawlucha isn't weak to rock, it's neutral. Fighting resists rock.
Best fossils!
17:59 my dad started going to martial arts training with me at one point.  He literally sweated so much it would fly off him and hit you in the face, or you'd slip on the floor behind him.  Disgusting.  But yeah, realistic apparently
My first time going through Violet, I only picked up Flamigo as an extra body, and it carried my whole team. It was CRAZY I never expected this generic ass flamingo to be so good.
Ah this brings back memories… My first game was Yellow when I was a young kid. I didn’t know anything about anything and Brock destroyed me when I first battled him. I ended up grinding a Nidorino up to level 50-something in Viridian Forest, unsure if it would be strong enough to beat him in the rematch. Long story short, the rest of the game was really easy after that 😂
5:36 cl bro slak for maku is a horrible trade
It always drove me crazy hearing people b%$ch about battling Brock. Just grind for a half hour and get a Charmeleon. METAL CLAW GUYS METAL CLAW
I thought this was about the catching Pokemon before the first gym. You already did the best trade video, so you should actually exclude them instead. Also for me in black and white, I actually used a Lilipup. For the first gym.
About gold/silver an hg/ss, you shouldn't disregard geodude. 100 def is not bad in the early game, it actually learns a rock move to use against Falkner and it hits harder than onix. Steelix is better than Golem, but i believe geodude/graveler is way better than onix in the first half of the game
In my case, it is for choice, as my favored Sinoh flying type is Drifblin
nidoran male is great against BrocK! But yeah I normally get a butterfree, they are great early game for catching other pokemon between sleep, poison, and paralyze powders Can't you get a Mareep egg in gen 2 in the same violet city so can have it for the gym, or is that just gen 4?... Isn't Salamence the best choice in Sun and Moon and Ultra Sun and Moon?
I still think nidoran is the better first catch for kanto over butterfree and mankey. Butterfree has so little use late game compared to nidoking, and mankey as a fighting type does fall short. You can also have a nidoking by mt moon after the first gym, an insane 500+ BST before the second gym that can learn almost any move you need. Also, if you do pick squirtle or bulbasaur, then in 2 out of 3 scenarios you easily beat brock and would rather have the nidoking. While a double psychic weakness is bad if you picked bulbasaur, i still believe nidoran to be the better early catch.  But i do see the arguments, I just think nidoran is more useful in more cases.
I still think bidoof is the better choice than starly. Having an hm sacrifice is WAYYYYYY more valuable early game so the rest of the team isn't getting bogged down by moves like cut.   (Plus, it evolves at the not to shabby lvl of 15, soon enough that bibarrel can be the best hm sacrifice that sinnoh has)
With riolu in x and y there is a glitch that causes baby pokemon to always come with 3 perfect Ivs which makes the early route riolu especially powerful
My very first Pokemon Gold playthrough many many years ago had Rocky the Onix on the team because I really wanted to use Steelix.  Imagine how upset I was that my Level 63 Onix had not evolved yet & *then* I find out it's a trade evolution. 😡
LILIPUP!!!!
I just realised how similair Grunty boy's voice is to Squirtle's from pokèmon talk...conspiracy theory Grunty boi is a voice actor in his spare time.
15:39 67
My theory is that Brine here is a reference to the spit attack from E. Honda of Street Fighter, which in turn is a nod to one of the rituals of the sumo.
I think Geodude is better in gsc, higher attack, and access to rock throw sooner
Back to school season? My three week holidays just started a few days ago. (I live in Australia) also I turned 17 yesterday. Not relevant i just wanted to say it
U really stretch it with the video concepts soon ur gonna be doing best pixel in each pokemon title screen
I realized something after doing a bug only play through of sword. In Pokémon sword (I don’t know if this works in shield) you can get a bug Pokémon strong against the first three gyms before the first three gyms. You can get Vespiquen before Milo, Vikavolt before Nessa and Golisipod before Kabu.
Early 5th gen pokemon is no joke. I used all 3 of the monkeys and actually enjoyed Simipour especially
Yeah, I have to disagree with Trade evolutions being the best 1st Pokemon. Disobeying is a big issue with using them. It would be less of an issue if every gym you beat raised the level cap for obeying, but it doesn't work like that for most of the generations.
Honestly I'm a bit 50/50 on the Onix pick because Geodude is also catchable extremely early and can do the same thing the Onix can do and better. While Geodude has much less defense, 100 is still fairly serviceable and Geodude has damn near double the attack stat of Onix so it's not overly reliant on Screech to do meaningful damage. It also gets dual STAB extremely early in Gen 2 and Gen 4 via level up, which is not a trait that Onix shares as it does not learn a STAB Ground move by level up in either GSC in HGSS. Geodude also doesn't have to rely on TMs to learn Earthquake. In fact, in HGSS, if you delay Geodude's evolution into Graveler by a few levels, you can learn Earthquake at level 29, while Steelix is stuck with Dig until you get to Victory Road. However, Steelix is better for late game fights such as Jasmine and Pryce and you can get Steelix extremely early if you're willing to grind and date manip for the Pokeathlon to get a Metal Coat, so it really depends on what you prefer.
Riolu in bw2 was a beast. Wrecks the first 2 gyms, resists the third, has ground moves for the electric etc
Lets go. New Man-DJ-TV video
I always used Butterfree in the Gen 1 games, since I am a Charmander / Charizard guy :)
15:37 SIX SEVENNN ‼️‼️‼️
12:38 good luck mr. Boy, we are all cheering for you, and remember not to say "TA DA! It is I, Grunty Boy" everytime you see who you are stealing from. And that its easier to steal eggs since they won't know that they are being/is stolen.
not picking ralts for emeral hoenn pains my soul
The best Paldea pokemon you can catch before the first gym is Chien-Pao, both it and Wo-Chien can be caught with a little cheesing (but not Ting-Lu or Chi-Yu, as they require the climb and swim skills.)
15:38 67 😛
I love your videos mandjtv
I feel like Staraptor should have changed from Normal/Flying, to Fighting/Flying. It's no longer weak to Rock.
I’m actually watching someone play through White 2 for the first time and she managed to get both her Azurill and Riolu evolved before the second gym battle. Making Friendship evos obtainable super early is a godsend
Idk about you but I miss "GREETINGS!!!! Pokefans.."
In Red and Blue Butterfree got me through the Elite 4, they are OP in the first gen lol
Also have to bring up Geodude, preferably a female one for the Johto games....while it is not as defensively solid as Onix...it can still put in work against the first 3 gyms.
6 7
1 hr
happened to catch Flamigo in my 1st playthrough of Scarlet without looking at guides and didn't know at the time it was that good. Now it's one of my favorite gen 9 mons
No one has ever glazed Onix this much
Btw you can simply catch a geodude on route 46 in any johto game which not only learns rock throw sooner, but it also learns magnitude right after making it useful for basically the entire game. Also in gen 2 traded pokemon don't obey you until after bugsy meaning that onix will likely not be much help and could potentially just disobey you until it faints
I'd argue that, of the three elemental monkeys, Pansear is probably the best from an early game perspective, if only because the third gym is Burgh.
26:41 TECHNICALLY you have to catch the slowpoke at the station before they let you go to the crown tundra (I only know this bc I tried to beat the game without catching any Pokémon, and was bummed when I realized I couldn’t use any gift Pokémon from the isle of armor)
I had a Toucannon on my Sun team. It was AWESOME and I love it’s design.
As an old man in my 30s, the playground meta for Red and Blue with Charmander was 100% Butterfree confusion spam.
Dude, why got through the rigamarole of bothering to catch Bellsprout to trade for an Onix when Geodude does the exact same thing but better?
I just wished these in game trades didn’t have nicknames I have never nicknamed any pokemon and the thought of using one even for a couple of battles really irk me
When I saw that he was counting in game trades I knew that he would pick Spearow in USUM because it gets you Cha the Hawlucha, Hawlucha is so good in Alola and it doesn't overlap with ANY of the starters, whenever I play USUM I always grab a Spearow to get Cha for my team 😉
VIDEO IDEA! Pokémon X & Y are the only games where numbered routes have alternative names like other key locations. I always loved this little detail, beacuse it enhanced Kalos' worldbuilding and made routes even more memorable, and many times I wondered what names might be given to routes in other regions. This seems the perfect job for Mikey! Maybe he could select a region he likes (we all know it's Hoenn) and think of creative names that represent the spirit of each numbered route.
I love how Michael still puts out videos like these, He’s improved and evolved his videos so much over the years, but it’s amazing to see him still doing these kinds of videos, that of which got him popular in the first place. 😁
Was surprised that the SOS Salamanca didn't beat out pikipek in sun and moon 🤔
17:52 I thought it was because sumo wrestlers cleanse the area with salt? Or is that myth? Like other fighters don’t learn it?😅
21:06 I feel like Mikey forgets that fighting resists rock very often lol not weak to rock
Viridian forest Oddish getting forgotten or disrespected
I love how hawlucha from the ultra games, the flamigo from sv, and the honorary mentions of nidoran male in rby and quacklin in xy are all speedrun pokemon
Umder 45 mins
Ah yes, he's talking about Galar
21:04 i think u meant fairy because rock neutral...
‎   ‎   ‎‎   ‎   ‎   ‎   ‎‎
I have new found respect for early route Pokémon now.
“Hey Milo, here’s my only Pokemon. It’s a water type.” “Um, if you’re sure, but this is the grass gy— SUICUNE???? WHAT LEVEL????”
14:56 You can get Force palm on lucario at lvl 11 and the steel type is obviously amazing against the first three gyms. You can just run around for long enough to increase the friendship and evolve it before lvl 11 and you're good to go. That's what I do (Checking the friendship is not possible at that point tho but its available right after the first gym after Bianca gives you her number.)
Under an hour gang   👇
With all the invasions of grunty boy, why Michael never bought a gun?
Mankey in FR and LG, it's on Route 22 after you skip Podgy and Rattata. Fighting-types are really strong and with the abundance of Normal-types you can't go wrong.
Using Onix (which has a base 40 att...) without rock moves against mudslapping pidgey/pidgeotto seems like a horrible time
17:44 It's not sweat. In sumo, which Hariyama is based off of, wrestlers will throw salt down to purify the ring.
yo mandjtv i love your vids
17:41 This might actually be because there is a tradition in sumo wrestling that the competitors toss salt around the ring to purify it before each match
Geodude is crazy good in the johto games. It has really good attack and defense for the early game and the first 3 gym leaders almost only use physical attacks that are resisted by geodude. It also has one of the few attacks that can one shot Whitney's miltank, selfdestruct which is helpful if you find that fight difficult. Not to mention being super effective against the 1st and 2nd gyms. Self destruct Golem is also a trump card for when you can't beat a mon.
10 minutes gang 👇
The actual reason Hariyama learns Brine is because it's a reference to the tradition of beginning sumo matches by dousing the ring with saltwater
"There's 70 pokemon to chose from before the first gym how will I ever pick" I instantly said "easy it's rookidee" lol
Cha isn't weak to Rock. It's neutral.
Dear Mikey why do your thumb nails change from when you first put them out to the next day it’s different
Thank you for this awesome video on my birthday! ❤
Me and my wifey love your videos micheal ❤. The best wishes from the netherlands
21:02 hawlucha is not weak to rock, fighting resists it
Man you forgot about salamence
Could you make av video about every hoenn pokemon gamefreak forgot ? Like you did with kanto and jotho
Have to agree with your Sword/Shield pick... First thing I caught and honestly got a shiny on my first encounter, making it my first ever non event shiny... I will always have a soft spot for this mon...
Was about to ask about the 1% Salamence in Gen 7 before realising it was probably after the first trial
16:07 btw, i remember i saw once on yt someone doing a hc nuzlocke of xy with only a lucario, trust it is the most busted pokemon in existence in terms of playthroughs
21:20 actually boosted experience is not a problem because in these games with "Pokemon refresh" feature if they love us they automatically gains boosted experience and we can have a hawlucha of the nature we want and we can get the rid of obedience thing of traded pokemon in the game.
15:41 WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
15:38 He said the thing
15:38 HE SAID THE THING
Makuhita knows brine not because of sweat but because it’s based off of a sumo wrestling that use salt to cleanse the arena of spirits FYI
Nice video
That metal coat theft in crystal legacy was game changing.
Over a year gang here
22:37 bulbasaur my goat :D
Mikey I’m a huge fan of your channel and PM7’s channel!
3:43 I don’t know why, but the pidgey squeaking like a plush toy when bonking against Onix gets me every time. 😂😅
The only reason I didn't use Staraptor in BDSP is because I caught a Shiny Zubat in the game's very first cave that's like 5x5 tiles, 3 encounters and bam, green bat.
The little bandage on Ralts after it got hit 😭 Nooo mean to them
Okay!!
In Gen 2 I'd honestly rather use Geodude than Onix unless I have specific plans to trade with someone (which is never)
15:37 67
I always love the work he puts into these videos, and I love the editing. This is one of the only channels I watch every video without stopping halfway through
17:43 SWEAT
15:37I know it isn’t on purpose but, 6777777
Small correction - doesn't fighting resist rock, cancelling out Hawlucha's weakness?
The sweat theory is interesting! I always thought it was because Hariyama's signature move was Smelling Salt, but I guess that isn't really salt lol
20:26 yeah absolutely hawlucha made my playtrough easier it become more of my starter instead of my rowlet that i choose 😅😅😅😅😅
4:20 A Pokemon video, with a scene of an avengers movie and playing a digimon soundtrack
0:04 YOU DARE CALL BIDOOF WEAK?!?!
15:14 say that again.....
Tbf, you can have an full team of 6 in B/W consisting full of Patrat.
Just know, Michael, Daddo is proud of you.
Go tee am skkkyyyy and team fissttttt
The first pokemon you have to catch in Paldea  is Charcadet, because Ceruledge/ Armarouge will help you in every play trought. And trust me, Ceruledge helped me very much.
21:05 Actually, it’s not weak to Rock since Fighting resist it. Same reason the Fire-Fighting starters are pretty good against the Rock gyms
Where is the reaction video for gem 6 mega starters reveal and raichu x and y . Where is your reaction video. If he has posted anything please tell me guys
The boulder is conflicted with your choice of Onix if Geodude kind of outclasses it
You can find dunsparce in the cave before Faulkner which is electric @mandjtv
what level can you start boosting riolu's friendship in x and y?????
Bro choosing Kadabra in Emerald as if we had any friends
I love this channel so much. And it’s good to see no Nintendo switch 2 haters anywhere in these comments.
Massively disagree on gen 3 Hoenn. Mudkip/Swampert is easily the best starter, Taillow/Swellow is the best compliment in the early game.
7:07 okay but the second half of kadabras stats actually look hella op Yes ik it’s hp and defence is abysmal and in competitive it would probably get outspend and one shot But it still amazes me how strong this gen 1 middle stage pokemon can be
NEW MANDJTV
19:30 GO TEAM SKYY-
11:47 That escalated quickly
17:43 Isn't Hariyama learning brine a reference to sumo wrestlers throwing salt at the begging of their matches?
@17:50 as a fellow sweater, I sympathise with Hariyama's briney predicament 😅
Don't be fooled Makit will not obey you in Roxanne Gym. I tried using Makit once and suffered the problems of using a trade a Pokémon.
Excuse you; Butterfree was ALWAYS a mainstay of my Gen 1 teams, sticking around to the end! No Bye Bye Butterfree for me! 🦋
My day has been bad so this is amazing to cool me off ❤❤❤❤
In platinum, make sure you catch Munchlax first
I have to write this as I feel some people underestimate it a LOT  Swellow, is the second best regional bird if you know how to play with it (behind Corviknight because the typing for Corv is unfair), If you have a way to burn your Swellow consistently, it is capable of decimating almost anything that doesn't resist Facade (and even some resists are gonna get bodied).  A short explanation: Facade's power doubles if you're statused, Swellow has Guts, which doubles the pokemon's attack stat when statused, Swellow gets a stab boost on that Facade which all combined makes for an effective 210~ base attack stat mon hitting with a 210 power move. So if you don't heal the status before fighting, you can go into a gym battle pre-statused with a held item, making it stronger than Reckless Staraptor (which is the 3rd best bird as Reckless Raptor is a nuke, especially with a Choice Band) Talonflame is the best regional bird specifically in generation 6 and has fallen off significantly since and now barely grabs the 4th spot (Kilowattrel is close to Talonflame actually, so it's a toss--up)
15:38 What level is Rioli found at…
Imagine calling Guts Facade Swellow underwhelming in the long term.
For Gold and Silver you could also just catch a Geodude in Dark Cave instead of using the traded Onix
19:24 SKYYYY!!!
11:05 what is the universal randomizer?
I assumed Hariyama got Brine as a reference to Brawly being a surfer.
19:30 It isn’t an MandJTV video without mentioning Team Sky  26:50 Same for dissing BDSP
Any Pokemon with pickup is a must have for me if I get them early enough.
Ralts is a better choice in Hoenn than Abra because you can get a Gardevoir without needing to trade to make it evolve, which was much more difficult in Gen 3. Moreover, in ORAS it's an even better choice because it gains the Fairy type, while Alakazam is still pure Psychic.
15:35  67🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥  Damn am I really this bored
I've been a great fan of you, I've watched you since I was six and I really love your videos and ideas.  Continue with the great work and never change
FLAMIGO WON SV MY GOAT
15:38 say that again?
9:40  most npc sinnoh team I ever seen
Mickey! You forgot about Audino, you can get one before the  first gym, not that it's good, but you still can get it
15:38  67
Micky, what's your opinion on Nintendo greed in context of Z-A kalos starters mega being locked behind a internet battle pay-wall?
Early 😊
The 1st Pokémon is the shiny you just somehow found.
i dont use Staraptor bc i always use Drifblim
The best starter is Agumon
Lvl 11 salamance!!!!
If youre curious only Cloyster has higher defence in gen 1 at 180
Thumbnail changed
19:25 "GO TEAM SK-" The cutoff is so funny
"Just monkey your way out of this early game prison". A line so good it deserves an award.
What,emulator is a good one to use to play pokemon. I really want to play bw2, but im not paying £110 for a copy
11:46 idk where you have been I have been going to school for a month now and I live in the same state as you
I personally discovered this with Fidough in Scarlet and Violet and Yamper in Sword and Shield. I went through the beginning thinking the doggos would instantly be boxed. But I accidentally gave both my Fidoughs INSANE type-coverage moves and they ended up on the champion teams, and I ended up loving my Yamper, who became my third-in-command when she evolved into a Boltund, partnering with my beloved Corviknight.
incorrect.  The first pokemon to catch in johto is either spearow or geodude as if you have chickorita geodude sweeps the gyms up to chuck.
In Gen 2 I always grab a rattatta and Dunsparce before the first gym... Hyper Fang is an early game destroyer and Rattatta has solid speed, and Dunsparce, while slow, is kind of tanky and rollout is a beast
below 12minutes y'all
1:54 GO TEAM SKY!!! SCHMETTER HAS RETURNED!!!
5k views in 12 minutes is pretty insane
Video idea: 10 worst gym leaders (not necessarily the first gym, but any gym that has bad moves, bad abilities, or bad pokemon)
12 min gang
I stand by that the best pokémon to use in gold and silver PERIOD is the geodude line. It beats the first gym, 2nd gym, resists the 3rd gym, and morty uses all poison types with no levitate so it beats that, then finally loses to the fighting gym. Then it beats the steel gym, can beat the ice gym (tho it is risky), then is less than ideal for the last gym. But then it goes crazy in the league, being good against half of the psychic users, completely destroys koga, loses to Bruno, then is good for some of Karen's team, then finally beats the flying type user lance. And on top of that geodude is good for most of team rocket. So yeah, steelix is good, but I don't think it holds a candle to the geodude line.
Don’t forget the incredibly useful HM unit Bidoof into Biberal.
This is very helpful
Love your videos your huge inspiration
You are right I agree with you
Hey!! I've been seeing a lotta new videos of Pokemon That Keep Evolving. Please tell me you'll be doing your own take on it at some pt
No guts Tailow for RSE???
How many of you guys just never cared about early route pokemon most of the time.
I needed this kind of energy today, thank you.
Hear at 100 something views
Under 10 minute crew
I really love these weird theoretical videos of yours, definitely among my favourite types of youtube notifications
One time defeated the whole brock gym only using lvl 13-15 butterfree 2:00
“Must be obtainable before beating the first gym” Ah now I get why Suicune is in the thumbnail. The dynamax one in Sword and Shield
Tbh, I feel like GSC and HGSS should be Geodude instead. Same benefits as Onix but it learns Rock Throw earlier
I'm enjoying this style of videos so much more since he doesn't take into account just the type match-ups. I've been waiting for this for awhile.
Let's be honest: Every Sinnoh team had a Staraptor at some point, including yours
Pikachu in Viridian Forest in every Kanto game (except Yellow and Let's Go Pikachu).
this is the second time I've ever found a new video from a youtuber I watch within the first minute of the video being up. Good going, notifacations!
Maybe the first pokemon is the friends we made along the way.
Yt hid this from me for 3 min ??? How dare they
Oh oh Mickey forgot to mention that starters don't count! So now I must make this comment saying the starters are the best choice even though the video says "catch"!
The first Pokemon you REALLY should catch is obviously the subscribe button
on EVERYONES souls we are catching our starter pokemon first
Hiii
Ma boy Rookidee :P
all you need to beat sinnoh is bidoof
1:47 I start with Charmander—that’s right, I don’t mess around! Teach a Butterfree Confusion, then I take Brock to town!  iykyk
Level 1 glitch Nidoking
Mabey hear me out I should catch a certain YouTuber to catch em for me🙂
we ALL know it’s Zubat
The first catch in scarlet was a shiny Rookidee, no joke
Under 5 min gang
2 minutes ago, woah
I love early Gyarados and Nidoking in FireRed
Jesus it’s been one minute and this place is flooded with comments love to see it
So not Arceus?
Can you make an update to the best/worst Pokemon of every type?
No, the first pokemon you should 'catch' is the lv 100 hacked shiny legend your friend gives you.   Also, Mikey, what are your thoughts on the new megas and dlc gor Legends ZA revealed at the nintendo direct back on Friday?
Hi guys I love these videos
yesh
Hey dude, it's been a while since i've seen one of ur vids. I used to watch u all the time, i js hope ur doing well and that you prosper in life. Much love yo ❤❤❤
early gang!
One minute ago is 🥀🥀🥀
*Obviously* the first Pokémon you should catch in every game is Silvally, but TPC knew it would be too magnificent and held it back by only including it in generations 7 and 8.
Hi
Shinx and Starly>>>>>
Never underestimate my goat zigzagoon, Linoone can solo elite 4
WAIT WHY AM I THIS EARLY.... 😂
First pokemon I get in every game is my favourite Starter
Just do the Goh
fire
HELLO EVERYONE ONE WHO EVERY READS THIS U HAVE A GREAT DAY
Lemme guess: Staraptor’s gonna be the DPP choice.
I love your videos ❤❤
Too IM early!!!!!
Maybe the first Pokemon we catch is the friends we made along the way
Gen 4 games has got to have starly mentioned
40 seconds ago?????????
1 minute? not bad
Under 10 min gang 🎉
if fletchling isn’t here I might go crazy wish me luck
wait i’m so early what but anyway i like the idea of the vid
Yeah! New vid!
Hello Mikey
I am just a guy
Hi glad to catch it early
Damnit mickey, I luv ur vids so much
Woah 26 seconds ago early🎉
Hi
Team 30s gang lezzgoo
I always catch the first Pokémon I see and keep it on the team, whatever it is
FIRST
10 seconds and 1 like fell off smh
Yoooo I watch all of your videos with my friends!!
Bidoof
Go to https://buyraycon.com/mandjtv to get 20% off sitewide for a limited time! Sponsored by Raycon.
