Just for clarity - it's not for a video game. Tune in tomorrow for the full reveal~
Has anyone else noticed the 0:34 scene is exactly the same scene as the Kill Team cinematic 2021; if you look up the trailer from 2021 again, and watch it around 0:43, it has the same music too.
They need to make more trailers like this for the new kill teams
VESPIDES💪
NGL, I think the Krieg/Ork trailer was better. Then again I'll always hold a vendetta against the Tempestus Aquilons because the killed the idea of an Elysian Drop Troop kill team.
This really feels less than the Krieg trailer did.
The final part hit hard, this guy is missing an arm and as good as dead, yet swings his rifle back onto an emplacement to ring off more shots.
GW is stupid for still not producing a 4 man imperial guard game. Space Marine was cool, but we want to be the guard.
Ahh yes my tau getting instantly destroyed as soon as the imperium shows up. Seems about right.
Now we need a video game about this all lol. Like a rainbow six siege or battlefield version of warhammer 40k. Hell, I’ll take a 40k Call of Duty! I just want more 40k video games!
Only in death does duty end
DISCLAIMER: No Space Marines were harmed in the making of this video..
Tau propaganda. A single stormtrooper would eat them all.
The Mechanicus needed a new form of engineering…so they had the TF2 Engineer to build them a sentry
Nice to see some Kasrkin in action. They aren't space marines but they're still like green berets or navy seals. There are plenty of tough "normal" humans in Warhammer (space marines are still awesome though).
0:28 Lore accurate pathfinder kill team post third edition
So bored of the constant focus on the Imperium.
Any chance the Vespids will be expanded into a full army?
Why lasgun shots are yellow? In so many games and cinematics they was yellow but they become yellow?
"Into the fires of battle, unto the anvil of war."
New kill team rules   THEY FLY NOW !!!
For the emperor!
Sell me the sector imperialis stufffffff
I've been to my local hobby shop and saw people playing. It didn't look like that.
Yeah let's keep 40k brutal, scary, and grimdark!
Star Wars Commando 2?
The earth ringing like a bell when the planetary defense gun fires is such a cool detail!😍
Aww c’mon why isn’t the likes at 40K 😂 to match the awesome tone of this trailer
1 million views 🎉😊
why are the vespid getting clapped in the trailer lol. I can confirm they are eating the aquilons for breakfast on the tabletop
tau cool guys and imperium vs chaos have not much diff
Still wishin for a action roguelike 40k that not gonna be a card game or a tactical game just good ol pick gun shoot things up rev up that chainsword and go to war with u brothers of the astartes and u sisters of the sororitas or hell any factions so long as it is fun so everyone can play they're favorites in a action roguelkie coop game
Why is she wearing a beret? A helmet would be useful for a mission like this.
The vespids are a formidable foe but the emperor protects
Going to paint up my aquilons with the rest of my new guard next year, but for now the scenery and little greeblies in the hivestorm box are very nice indeed.
¡Glory to the Greater Good! ¡Tau'va keep us! ¡Tau'va protect us!
Hey guys I’m new to warhammer, WHAT ARE THOSS BUGS, WHY DO THEY HAVE TAU WEAPONRY, AND WHAT IS A KILL TEAM
Can someone explain to me what this is. Basicly at trailer for new lore being added?
Everyone is wearing appropriate gear and helmet... except the one with the beret. Lady, the beret can go on top of the face plate.
Whats the difference between the Scions and the Tempestus aquilons.
humans are the scions?
Feels like a new and better version of the pts.of.athrty video of Linkin Park, good times
They fly now?
Why wouldn't this be a tau game against unending guardsmen
Why the good guys always getting killed in a sad way in these 40k cinematics
I swear if the make a hero shooter out of killteam.
This is where the fun begins -anakin skyguy or something
would of made for a great video game follow up to Space Marine 2
my goodness. That cannon firing - with the delayed sound and shock wave. ABSOLUTELY BRILLIANT
Nice to see Vespids in a more leading role
i love the accurate depiction when the cannon fires and the sound is heard second after this small detail is very cool, the cannon must be tens of miles away and it takes time for the sound to reach the spot, thisis very good job
This tau slaughter was approved by kitten
That said a kill team based shooter b would bebpretty badass.
Do this videos get made when new figures drop?
can we just appreciate the Tau getting beaten at the own game with that Scion Gun Drone? that was the true MVP lol.
I don't know why any warhammer media would need to be live action when they incredible animators
Tha hell with las-weapons effects, gw?!?!
A beret would completely fly off after a drop ship deployment. Does it win for style points? Well yes! But cmon.
I don't know why the imperium would engage the Tau tho, the Tau are so small of a faction that they pose absolutely no threat, the imperium should be busy elsewhere with Tyranids, chaos and greenskins.
OOooo scion tempestus!
I got a Warhammer in mt Pleasant sc
Eldar to Tau: Ha, you call that an assault young ones?
So will this get added to both versions of the game them the digital and table game
Tempestus scions are so bad ass
Tempestus Scion are badasses.
Taus need more love, don't see them often.
Really cool to see the tau faction in action.
I guess I’m buying bugs this year…
Ah the choas boys go stomp on the bugs.  Nice armor there humans.
I thnk it's the firs time we get some tempestus Scions on screen right?
Ok but like why do they have those chaos arrows/spikes on their armor? 🤔
When a single Servo turrent shoots down more enemies than you entire elite squard. You know you are bad. 😂😂😂 (Also one of those are a mercy kill)
❤😂😊
Its like Warhammer 40K, BUT FUN!
Просто.... великолепно...
@1:41 is that the sound from an M56 Smartgun from Aliens???
This cinematic legit looks bad
What the hell was that gun in the beginning?  It was as big as a frigging battlecruiser!
They look like the drones from halo
when does the new kill team release?
Ooooh yeah ! Harakon Guardsmen FTW !
Tau are just the worst.
Who else is pumped for secret level
For the greater good!!!
They should take that servitor sentry gun down there
Are Vespids coming back!? 😃
Tau is ajoke
Was kind of hoping it was another team game or even a tactical.
AHHHH Tempestus Scions my beloved!!!!
Love seeing my faction getting their ass beat and then dogging on the opposition
Love the Servitor, someone now the name of that servitor?
For the greater good! Down with the gue'la
I know it's not a game but give me a videogame from a different faction's perspective.  The Tau would be amazing but just about any faction other than humans would be acceptable.
Looking forward to Vespid!
2 minute trailer of a kill team fight that would take 45m to play on tabletop.
GOD JUST GIVE US A TEMPESTUS SCION THEMED FPS GAME PLEASE.
Wow! what an amazing cinematic. im pumped asho
I don’t play the game anymore but lord I could watch cinematic like that for days . More please !!!
Where is dawn of war remastered 😢
"wHaT-tHeY-fLy-NoW???"
do you know which studio made this awesome trailer by the way ?
Imperium always sending in 4 dudes to fight an army and wonder why they keep getting killed.
It's nice to see the glory boys (Tempestus Scions) doing the Emperor's work
We getting Drop Scions before we get an Elysian Drop shock troopers or Harakoni Warhawks. At least the Buggers are back But you can tell me the Elysian bullpup rifles wouldn't have helped complete a psuedo Halo Vibe when fighting the Vespid.
I gotta say, seeing Vespids in a cinematic truly made me happy. I guess most of us have come to love the Tau after all. I wish they showed some Kroot warriors.
Scion at the end be like: Tis but a scratch!
THEY FLY NOW?!????
0:25 GO LITTLE DUDE, GOOOOO
Suffer not the alien to live!
Really nice work 👍🏻
Space Marines 2 is looking awesome!  I didn`t know there were walking turrets on it!
Need animation movie for this one
can the tau ever not job?
I'd rather play Tau than kill them.
I'm not to familiar with scions but what is that robot?
Tau for the win
I’ve played warhammer for 30 years. The hell is a vespid?
This cinematic trailers get better and better!
You know what, this would be great counter-strike-like video game.
Give me a 10 hour version of the first 15 seconds. Amazing 40k ambience!
The not!SAS have arrived! 'And now the blood will flow' ...
Make a video game for "Kill Teams"! Much more interesting than making another space marine game.
I think the last time I saw vespids in anything was in Dawn of War 17 years ago. I thought for sure I was the only one who remembered them.
typical Tau L
Suffer not the alien to live
Not enough kroot
Tempest Sion got their ass kicked 😭
Piou piou piou piou 🔫
All this for a piece of plastic
1:47 bro has the “Last Stand” perk equipped
hope we get emperor's children eventually
YES FINALLY MORE VESPIDS I BEGGED FOR THIS!
Whatever this turns out to be; at the very least it has a cool trailer
Die bugs Die fish
The funny thing about this trailer is that the hideous wasp-soldiers are probably one of a very, very, VERY small number of 40k warriors that are not totally ruthless
I live for these trailers like damn.
That Tau spotlight though?!??!
But why are they orange?
They nerfed tempestus scion to make tau look a little cooler
Cool video
I see the Imperium has drones now
Tempestus fly-ons
The one thing the trailer lacks is an indication what the objective is. Like, the previous one had the Krieg Veterans trying to blow up something, while the Orks were trying to stop them. I suspect the Vespid are guarding something, but we 'just' see the fighting, not the goal. Still a really cool trailer.
TEAM AQUILON 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️‼️‼️‼️
That’s what I’m talking about baby! More specialized and unique units, they really flesh out the range of models and add to the aesthetic of armies and individual projects.
Is that the Solar Auxilia?
I love the models and KT is your best game right now by far, but why bother with a trailer when you're only going to make 5 boxes to sell?
Automated turret as accurate as a Primaris veteran. Tempestus Scion Lt. moving like an Eldar aspect warrior. lol
This might be the best thing you've ever done. Actual Imperial stuff being high tech and useful and Imperials finally beating the Tau. Actual human soldiers being competent and deadly. Relatively minor unit types being useful. No Marines or Battlesuits or Titans. Just very cool. Well done.
wtf was that  lol
new vespids?
The Stars belong to mankind, and mankind ONLY
2024 and they release new Vespid models. Woot!
Yay, the Vespids are back. It has been ages since I've seen someone use Stingwings.
is this new pc game coming out ?
The most fantastical element of this is wearing a beret into combat.
Feels a lot like Halo 3: ODST
SMOL ROBOT YIPPEE
World eater kill team when?
Sound effects and sound in general could use some touching up, but otherwise pretty neat
Damn that imperial killer drone looks rad
Wow vespids. My favorite Tau unit. ❤
Looks great!
Is this trailer for new game?
Noice!
FOR THE EMPEROR!!!!!
Nope.
That roll out with the knife was slick.
Nice trailer
Great
How dark is the 40K universe?   Answer : The wasps are taller than you and have guns. It's damn GRIM.
Aren't Tau expert marksmen? Shouldn't they have hit that turrent the moment it touched down?
Why haven't you guys made a fully animated movie?
For a video about steaks, there was a disturbing lack of barbeque.  At least I got to watch the Emperor's duty being done. Purge the alien!
Helldivers 40k
Your video is best
I realise that I am going to be considered a filthy heretical viewer for saying this, but The Imperium of Man, THe Tau, and the Eldar, really really REALLY need to join forces!!!
Can we get much higher
What an amazing trailer! Absolutely stunning! Really stocked that you’ve reused the composition I made for the previous Kill Team trailer! ❤️‍🔥
This is cool, I like it.
This is cool.  I like!
Hims not servo skull, hims murder crab.
I am glad to see the tau showing there true strength Thier allies
Really nice 💕💕
Awesome trailer guys and gals
Yes! Finally my Scions getting some love!
These animators actually got paid
💛H💛M💛M💛M💛M💛M 💛💀A💀I💀 #singonstreet
Beautiful piece of animated action. Exquisite stuff.❤
Ok i ll be honest. I was so hyped by KT and barely played it. Now is the Time!
Make more of these please and thank you
Amazing animation work. Also: VESPID PLASTICS?
Wow!
For the greater good!
This looks awesome
THE BUGS HAVE RAILGUNS NOW
Dude got shot and was just laying there racking shot after shot. Humanity just breathes spite.
By the emperor it's glorious
The little servitor sentry...
good thing those bugs can't aim
bugs with railguns are so hard
they kill it with these trailers
I could watch Tau Fire Warriors killed by Imperial drones all day.
Gimme stormboyz plz thx
1:14 that shot is so cool
LETS GOOO MORE TAU MODELS
Put turret over here!
Servo crab got some aimbot. Suffer not the xeno to live =][=
They fly now?
Thank you Warhammer for including a female BIPOC character, and ensuring that she is clearly shown and distinguishable by not wearing a helmet :)
finnaly some love for the vespids
Waaaaardollies :3 yaaa Killteam
0:56 I love how it takes a moment for sound from the canon to reach our pov.
so a normal day in warhammer 40k?
That massive gun at the beginning reminded me of space marine’s orbital battery that the Orks hijacked
THEY FLY NOW
The whole time I was just cheering for the turret.
Hell yeah!!!
SCIONS
Who the hell gave vespids railguns?
„Ah not the bees, not the bees“
*hey if i put a alien gun sound effect just here ?* 1:41
Absolutely magnificient. Truly, hats off to all those who put this together. I can't wait to jump back into Kill Team.
those vespids look really cool
The Imperium destroying the Tau with a drone...   ...ok.
Looks great!!!
By far GW's best game
Swarm! I repeat: swarm!
❤❤❤
THEY FLY NOW
I like that little mini walker at the beginning !  The Scion's look great 👍🏻
They fly now ?!
to the cinematic  team :  thank you 😳
Oooooooooooo
Love me some Tempestus Scions
VESPIDS LETS GOOOOOOOO
A movie, a series perhaps?
They jump now?!
Bro those that Scion sergeant looked narly
come on you apes...you wanna live forever!
This set might actually get me into killteam I love both these teams visually
Thank you dow dark crusade
Is this the edition where the tyranids finally get a bespoke team? If not, I don't care
Wow that was cool!
Is the first scene with the tau, where he hides behind a wall and the guys next to him gets shot, is it just me or is that almost like the one with Korps of kreig?
Is it too much to ask for every model model release have such a nice intro?
0 gameplay has me concerned..
0:55 WARNING, BFG 40000 IS FIRING
I stopped playing in 5th edition.  Are vespids finally viable?  LOL
CAN WE GET MUCH HIGHER
Bugs life 2 looks epic
As much as I would've liked a return of Elysians, I will say having a new scion kit and this trailer were very good
Looking forward to the idea of new vespids, but does anyone else feel like the gun audio is too "twee"? The scions are shooting hellguns: you'd expect those to sound like they're scorching the air.
Da "fish"-Eads Bug boyz getting Extra Shooty
Suffer not the alien to live! The emperor protects!
I would have preferred to see Elysians, but jump pack Scions are cool too. Do love the Vespid, only time I ever saw them was in Dawn of War
10/10 great animation. Super cool! Never been a scions fan but this was really well made.
Am i the only one rooting for the Tau lol death to the False emperor !!
WHOOOOOOO Vespids get railguns now
Tarantula turrets? Pef made proud.
Conflicted, cause I really like Scions, but I also like Vespids
That was great
I don't get it, these Imperial guard aren't incompetent and screaming in terror whilst in the fetal position until the Space Marines arrive. Is GW unwell?
That servo turret was somehow way more impressive and put on a much better performance than the entire tempestus scion squad
we need to stop the big egg from reaching the anti-everything gun
They Fly now!
Always great to see the guard get some love. So badass
Broooo we got #20 on trending
Sorry but seeing the Tau in a cinematic is glorious
Nice. Those guardsmen put Helldivers to shame in every way
How do you guys keep raising the bar EVERY SINGLE TIME!!!!! HOW??????????? The phrase 'sky is the limit' definitely does NOT apply to you. Kudos to the team who built this trailer. High quality stuff!! Please keep us fans surprising ❤
VESPIDSSSSSSSSS!   I shall deploy them as though they were Halo 2 Drones. <Doctor Evil pose>
"Good thing those bugs can't aim" (c)
Ironically, this made me want a tau focused multiplayer shooter. Campaign and survival modes against other 40k factions, and then a PvP mode with vehicles and mechs like battlefield but 40k. We get so many of these games from the human perspective but I think something from tau could actually be a goldmine if done right.
I don't know what Kill Team is and this gave me no useful information.
You guys are really milking the new animators, huh? Love it.
Make a series already!
None of these guys would last 11 seconds if the Kroot showed up.
The fact that a servitor was kicking the Tau's ass says a lot
Love the contrast of lasguns shooting faster then the speed of light, and the tau having their pulse tech having slower fire rate.
High-tech fully-armoured human soldier vs bug-men, in an industrial environment?  I'm getting Battle of Geonosis / Republic Commando vibes, but grimdark.
yesssss
Lasguns sound so pew
THEY FLY NOW
my man arm no arm gotta serve.
Want.....
Just once I want to play as something other than the most boring faction…
Wow
Is this a game a show or boardgame?
Great video I'm hyped!!
came here for the Kill Team cienmatic, stayed here for the servo-turret. Really hope its also gonna be a model
Finally some guardsmen love  *watches a little longer*  Finally some Xeno love? (For Xeno players)
For the greater good!!!
I wonder if itll be a squad of 5 or 10 in a box. Just asking so i can print krieg heads
Everybody is excited for the new Vespid units coming out, while I'm here all hyped for the Mechanicus mini-sentry at 0:26.
regular human soldiers who are given good training and equipment and not treated as canon fodder? Didnt know these existed in 40k
Finally i can see the auxilliaries being represented in 40k media👏
Guevebros eating good tonight
Dont get me wrong this is amazing,but chaos would also realy like kill teams😵‍💫
aww I thought it's a videogame😅
whatever you do games workshop, dont stop making these trailers
It would be great to see an FPS game where you play as scions or other stormtroopers and fight the T’au, as seen here.
Lastima no ser elysianos pero me gusta la idea
You can just tell Syama directed this one
Damn, it has been a long while since I've seen Vespids. Hope this means Tau auxiliaries are getting more love.
You smash the entire area! You kill anything with more than two legs, you get me!!!
no se que es esto pero lo quiero ya!
I wish we’d get an upgrade sprue with the grav chutes for scions/stormtroopers.
Why do these guardsmen look like they're wearing black legion armor?
Gotta admit this was good
heres to pray that not all our bespoke teams get vaporized and forgotten in the GW promise D:
Would love a warhammer fps game where you fight nothing but tau as a normal guardsmen that occasionally runs into chaos cursed building in the deep hive that were ignored by the tau due to their ignorance.   Think F.E.A.R but in Warhammer.
God I love killteam so much
The real question is how much is it gonna cost me😂😂😂
My wallet just got emptier...
Where is this video from?
First time ever seeing scions in a cinematic at first i thought they were elysians
Hope that a creative from Amazon see this kind of stuff.
They should’ve at least took that servitor turret with them.
This needs an "The Indomitable Human Spirit!"-Edit
Vespid auxiliary and jump pack scions are creme de la creme of choices for this killteam box! Very cool!
T'au'va
Sigh I really hope it was the Elysian drop troops but no 😔   Hey at least we got vespid😃
Nice to see the Vespid's crystal tech being referenced with how some of their shots showing to produce strange crystalline formations.
This is very Astartes coded and I need more
Tempestus Scions 😱😱😱 LETS GOOOOOOO best Imperial Guard Faction  Change my mind
Another fantastic trailer.
por el bien supremo.
Tears of joy!!!!!!
O my o my! This looks so good! I hope we will see more videos likes this one in the future! ❤
a new kill team? yes!
Geonosis battle WH40k edition
HYDRA DOMINATUS!
NEIN!
Acada año siento mas pena por los Tau
Not a single drop of blood, lol.
I dont know must about wh40 but this bug is same bug in space marine2 game?
One very important note: the Prime is missing the epic IG officer's coat.
Kill Team is so back, baby
at least GW is getting better in their animations
1:59 THE INDOMITABLE HUMAN SPIRIT
Oh my goodness! That was insane
Always found Tempestus Scions/Stormtroopers/Kasrkin etc more interesting than marines. PEAK human capability without transhuman physiology.
I was super excited because I thought this was going to be a XCOM-esque turn based strategy game where you build a kill team for various 40K factions. But nah, just more overpriced plastic. I would love a game where I can play as a squad made up of Tau, Kroot, Vespids, Gue'vesa and others in a campaign where you fight against the Imperium and others. That would be sick.
0:43 the robot: a little to the left
Geonosis all over again
i hate tau more than necrons, orks, chaos, tyranids, and even dark eldar
I say yespids to vespids!
They fly now? They fly now.
Vespids! Be still my beating heart!
I don’t believe I’ve seen those particular xenos before, anyone know what species they are and how they are related to the commie fish tau?
Everyone talking about vespid railguns, and here i am ONCE AGAIN thinking that scions are SO FUCKING COOL
I get Star Wars: Clone Commando vibes off this. Another box set I want to get.
So good 👍🏻
Why didn’t they bring the crab turret
Here i was hoping for Elysian Drop Troops Instead we get flying scions
2:00 THE INDOMITABLE HUMAN SPIRIT!!!!
Not how I’d imagine lasguns to sound like, but otherwise pretty cool!
Can i get that servo crab turret in plushie form??
Yes, more Tau allies!
Left 4 Dead game in the 40K universe! Sign me the fuck up!!!
Please, remaster DoW Soulstorm. For the emperor god !
I think the real question is will there be a stormboyz kill team?
Alien's reaction to finding out human adrenaline isn't a myth
WE NEED INMEDIATELY A VIDEOGAME BASED ON THE TEMPESTUS SCIONS.  SOMETHING LIKE HELLDIVERS 2 OR AN RTS LIKE DAWN OF WAR 2.
Why they armor looks like chaos ones, and why we keep fighting Tau I know Empire of man is a faschist reghime but still, good ally worth a lot... We can even make Orcs a tool cause they would be shitty ally anyways...
LONG LIVE HUMANITY
I love how these killteam trailers are always both sides just eradicating each other, pretty accurate for most of my games lol
Then an Ork comes careening through with a rocket on his back screaming WWWAAAAGGGGHHHHH!!!!!
Honestly, you should just kick Amazon's contract and have Henry Cavil direct and star in a CG movie directly with your GW team.
Please more like this.
40K contre Star Wars, Tempestus contre Géonosien
No 4k Trailer?
Me: Ooo that was a cool cinematic! Elite guard troops vs.. vespids, I think? Dope  Wargaming nerds (love yall): Woah, vespids with railguns? They don't normally have railguns. I wonder which variants they can use? Did you see their helmets, too? New wargear for vespids let's goooo
Kasrkin or Elysian?
This looks amazing! Can’t wait for this to ‘drop’. 👀
That's grimdark alright 😅
Let's be real here...Tau not precise enough to eliminate that aerial drop thingy, but it can eliminate them in turn is a fantasy
My boys!  The Tempestus Scions!  So great to see them getting some attention!
Would real Tempestus Scions get wiped out by a bunch of lousy Geonosians? I doubt it!
those "advertisements" videos are so good, great video we  couldn't even dream about during the 80-90s.  thx GW for my happy childhood and my angry banker.
syama ???
Excuse  me? Scions with Jumppacks and snipers? WTF
Need strategy like DOW 2.
I was hoping for Elysians or Harakoni. Would have been such an easy win. Should have just won the war with like, four more of those Hotshot Volley turrets.
I got excited because I thought this meant we were getting a new Kill Team video game like that old top-down, twin-stick shooter on the Xbox 360. I'm sad that game never made it to PC.
If this is a whole new version of Kill Team, then I am not buying it. I own two version already, both of the good in different ways. I don’t need a third…
The 13k I have in gw stocks is working well
you had an entire regiment of drop troops... why didn't you use them ffs.
Holy shit, only watching the second time did I realise the massive shockwaves from the epic cannons in the background
I figured that it was T’au and an up coming Kill Team set
Thats what happens when you don't send Ultramarines.
CAN WE GET MUCH HIGHER?!
ATOMA STANDS WITH US ALL
Warhammer 40k animation keeps getting Better and better❤
I was honestly hoping for Elysians or Harakoni warhawks…..not gonna lie…..kind of disappointed
I love these CG trailers
I F*CKIN KNEW IT! MY LOCAL WARHAMMER SHOP CALLED ME MAD, BUT I WAS RIGHT HA! Auxiliaries FTW!
Man these cinematics are always over so quick! I´d gladly pay 40 bucks to see a 60 min version of something like this.
Imagine fighting those?  Now imagine fighting a chapter of Astartes...   Now Imagine a whole Legion like the World Eaters or Night Lords turning up, Great Crusade era with their deranged Primarch fathers leading them to your perfect, paradise world.  30-40k is horror of an unimaginable scale.
ONLY IN DEATH DOES DUTY END
Finally something that is related to the Ta'u empire that needs needs to be purged
How crisper are those visuals getting!!   I reckon a certain animator who shall remain nameless is helping 👀
I'd love a tempestus scion fps so much
Please be better than 2nd edition
kill the humans
A little disappointed in it not being Elysians but still very cool!
Just for clarity - it's not for a video game. Tune in tomorrow for the full reveal~
It's not for video game ?
Vastagus Tempestus, right?
The Elysians trying to channel a drop of the Kreig spirit.  The Emperor will hold judgement upon them.
"BZZT BZZ-BZZT BUZZZZZZZZ!" - Vespid saying For the Greater Good.  Gimme more Vespids, we need the Bug Bois to get more loving.   No not you Tyranids.
is that just 4000 points of kill teams?
Please don’t be a mobile game, please don’t be a mobile game, PLEASE DONT BE A MOBILE GAME
No Elysian, rip, nice tau stuff though so can’t complain too much
I'm calling it we're getting Catachan in killteam. I'll give it another year.
The poses just got more mono
"It is better to die for the Emperor than to live for yourself"
Sprues for the throne of sprues
CoD/Battlefield game with guardsmen when?
Poor pathfinder didnt get one kill
sentry going on
The rumours were true now can’t we see the next killteam with Orks and ogryns ratlings tell us about that one please
Tau getting outgunned by a servitor makes me smile.
With all the attention Space Marines get, it’s easy to forget how badass the mortal Storm Troopers are.
“Gory, Gory, What a helluva way to die He ain’t gonna jump no more.”
It kinds of reminds me of Republic Commando against the geonosian It's pretty fucking cool!
Nothing can beat the indomitable spirit of mankind against bugs with railgins.
As the owner of one of the largest purely scion armies, I'm insanely excited to see more scions hitting the field. Now to sell off a knight or 3 to buy more scions...
Tau as a race is so underappreciated in Warhammer, one of my favourites
So what's the announcement? Are we getting a new edition? This was cool, but didn't really tell me anything at all.
I don't understand. Where are the Ultramarines? Is this a spin off universe? There are always Ultramarines. Has GW been taken hostage? Is this a hidden plea for help? Something is wrong. Ultramarines need to be in it and they always need to win. That's how 40k works.
Geonosians are a real thing in wargammer. Also, awesome trailer, 10/10
The bugs are back
Is this gonna be a game or?
VESPID! LETS GO!
vespid? to go into my kroot army? dont mind if i do!
No gameplay, don't care.
Luv me scions, But Give us Elysians back! We need more diverse regiments
I dont like the lasgun laser visuals. Not very laser-like. More like shooting a plasma instead which its most definitely not supposed to be.
OMG That was AWESOME!!
GIVE US CATACHAN VS TYRANIDS I BEG YOU
Yuuuuus!
Please let this be part 2 of the Kill Team (computer) game and not tabletop 😂. That game was insanely cool
So... we are getting bugs now as enemies?
Sweet animation. I hope all the employees that made it possible are being treated and compensated fairly.
Badass
Dude I LOVE THE SCIONS. Properly elite teams, so cool. I already had Scions + Valkyries on my mind but now...
Whelp Time to start a guard army
They fly now?
i really wish gw would expand on the tau auxiliaries
Heh yeah im sold, those scions are amazing.
CAN WE GET MUCH HIGHER
is this in space marine 2???
Tau Pathfinder behind the wall: *Thinking.* I got this I just need to… A random Tempestus Aquilon: “No.”
Alright GW you killed a lot of Tau in this one.  You have earned the benefit of the doubt from me this time.  🙂
this look lik 2004
where is elysians ?
The militarum guys look like they have chaos trim
Hell yeah
Please please please let me use my Warpcoven in the new edition
The Chaos jump packs look absolutely terrible.
flying scions with a tarantula? I'm sold.
THEY FLY NOW???
maybe don't set up your defensive line on a pile of explosive goop
"The only good bug is a dead bug."
No elysians no party. Vespids didn’t look that exciting neither unfortunately. 😢
Cinematic for the tau fans 😊
Eeehh i dont really think the vespids look great tbh.
This must be hell on their knees
We need a tempestus scion or kasrkin video game that would be great.
Frontline infantry! It was made for you!
Ohh boy I remeber when people hated the scions because they replaced the kasrkins. I imagine that hates going to be renewed because they aren’t getting Elysian drop troops now lol.
Why does this trailer go hard af
JUST MAKE A MOVIE LIKE THIS MAN CMON
looks like Grimdark is back on the menu
Its a funny thing during the 1st part of the cinematic usually its the Imperium that has to deal with drones not the Tau here we have an Imperial drone(?) clearing a landing zone. Also a cinematic were regular humans kick ass is always a welcome sight.
Finally Time to get into Killteam
that shot with the camera on the end of the gun was nice
Tau getting pwned as usual, nice to see.
Before even reading the title I was like man this has a very kill team vibe to it 😂 then title pops up at the end and I casually look down at the video title finally 😂
Vespid finally getting an update
should have sent a single space marine, problem solved
Well, at least we now can know how Scions Hellguns work, and how many damage they do.  If the orbital Servo-Turret Drone thingy Hellgun works as a estimate, they're powerful enough to pass through rockrete fairly easy.
Is this a game? Looks amazing
Not going to lie i would definitely play an Xcom type game version of 40k Killteam. Customize your own Killteam, do set missions on the campaign and play against other Custom made teams via multiplayer
this would do an awesome x-com like game.
Damn, I want these figures that do nothing but be in a cool pose now
I’m gonna guess, the box will have 10 Scions, at least 1 maybe 2 of the small walker drones, 10 maybe 12 Vespids, and maybe a munitorum containers set?
No Scions for Imperial Agents is such a tragedy
Syama Pederson's fingerprints are all over this. The animation is great, but the storytelling and shot composition is an another level from anything GW has released before
#StillwaitingfornewCatachans
Booooring!
All my homies hate the tau.
Pls, pls, pls, let that Servitor be part of the KT and the regular detachment.
Now make this an FPS
I hope we get more tau auxilaries. Easily the most underused bit of their lore
LETS GOOO!!!!
I hope it’s something similar to xcoms gameplay it looks sort of like that
Great. I guess I need to add a new branch to my Astra Militarum army now
Once again the Tau getting outshone by their auxilleries 😂
Triple the defense budget!
I mean ... Can we get a decent video game that isn't a human action game?  I wanna have a space marine style game but play as an Ork.
Umm, this game came out 10yrs ago on Steam and has been pulled? So this is Kill Team 2?
This one of the best 40k cinematic trailers GW has made.  Well done!
They couldn’t give the vespids at least one clean kill?
Xeno scum
What is it a trailer for? I don't understand.
HELLDIVERS, YES!
The Tau fly now?!
There is no way that beret is staying on that Elysian drop trooper's head after faffing about in the air.
F the models i want to see the movie!  LOL
Tempestus are cool & all, but you want a guard regiment that’ll guarantee victory & will give the enemy fear; send the Catachan!! New Catachan Jungle Fighter models soon please! Catachan needs a kill team
What's up with the Vespid hype?
we did not only get the the fist time that taus show up in a cinematic trailer , we also got vespids, finally!
Good! Im tired of space marines.
Now we got geonosians
1:46 homie is a melting donut and still continues the fight… RESPECT 😤
I wanna buy more guardsman now
So is this going to be a fps like dark tide if so I’ll buy it
I aint gonna lie, I just don't like the Scions backpack designs. I really, really wish I did, but theres just something so derpy about them.
Those thicc planetary cannons.
I’d be happy if the Warhammer show on Amazon was animated like this.
Warhammer pulling out the greater goods eh?
There’s bugs in warhammer now?!
I just know one thing: I want that servoskull on my team!
You guys rock with the animation. I really hope you make a show for age of sigmar or old world in that 3d style kind of like in pariah nexus. When i saw the title "the tithes" i thought it would be ossiarch bonereapers but i was let down :( please consider
This is what happens when you overcharge your Power Armor Backpack
I feel like the guy from Astartes took his part in this video
Aw I thought that we would be getting Elysian drop troops not Scions 😢
When will there be a proper movie or series with this level of care and quality? Would love to see the eisenhorn trilogy put to screen!
Based Tau, as usual
Aight...now you got me all hot and bothered for kill team, when can I expect one of those 'eavy metal folks over here to paint this stuff up so I can play? 😂😂😂😂😂
Gave me the Star Craft Brood War intro vibe, love it!
ahaha tau suck
man I thought we gonna play as the Tau  bummer
The steaks mine are higher
New Vespids, hell yes!
Maybe is an impression, but I hope that Vespid will not be a group of naked bug-like alien with sci-fi guns. A piece of armor on chest and optional helmet would be soo cool
Haha the aliens pulse rifle sounds. Kinda wish you weren't fighting the tau. They're basically the closest thing to good guys.
This looks HYPE but where are the LadZ? We need another Ork team, preferably Stormboyz to keep up with the Jonesez.
You’d better hope the Scion does really good work in this war zone. One war zone is quite likely to be decimated because this elite unit ended up going to Chalnath Expanse to protect the super weapon seen in the trailer instead of coming to that war zone to hopefully bail the soldiers fighting there out of their dire predicament. As for the T’au, they really wanna destroy the super weapon, so much so Shadowsun had to deploy the Vespid because all other options were not viable. The destruction of the super weapon meant the T’au is gonna have a much easier time taking over an entire system.
I mean, neat and all but I thought Kill team between orks and death guard looked cooler
This is how a proper Starship Troopers movie should've looked like.
Damn Geonosians. It's bad enough you invented the Death Star, but now invading the sewers of other planets? Disgusting. Huh? What? Wrong franchise? How is that... oh....
This is Cujo 5-1 to any Imperial units in this sector. HAMMERDOWN is in effect. I repeat, HAMMERDOWN is in effect. If you can receive this transmission you are in a hardened, high-value structure. Deploy green flares on the roof of this structure to indicate you are still combat effective.
very unprofessional, they should drop a sevitor there like they did before
Tau Mentioned :D
Not as good as the first kill team trailer
Now we see Vespid armed more firepower. I guess the ethereal decide to say "You know what??? Screw this! Let's armed vespid more guns! That'll even the odds!".
Are they called Kill Team because they all get killed every time they are sent into battle?
What was that servo turret called?
The fact that these look like models fighting makes it 300% better.
Makes me want to buy the Joytoy Tempestus Scion lineup
Even for 40k that gun in the background is pushing it.
Tau not getting one sidedly killed? in official warhammer ? how is this possible???
It is so cool to see two regular Sci-Fi Armies clash in Warhammer 40K. Great Trailer. The Vespid scenes gave me Halo 3 ODST Flashbacks.
Been holding off making a harakoni warhawks army for ages... my time has come 😳 Also... 1:14 that's a cheeky sardukar reference isn't it
This is the 40k millennium... What do they mean, the stakes just got higher?
I do enjoy, after Darktide, a return to the unique individual getting mowed down like any other cannon fodder.  It's very 40K that extremely few are special, and it's not you.
40k space marine 2 will be GOTY!!
Finally something without the space-marines
“Good thing bugs can’t aim.” Said mere seconds before disaster
TEMPESTUS SCIONS WITH JET PACKS! Hype....intensifies.
Oh, I was hoping for Elysians, not "we have kasrkin at home" with jump packs.
I love this trailer. Please us the Style for warhammer+ series
"We need a bigger bug spray sir".
We learned about this in Mr. Bricky's class: these are the Elysian Drop Troops!
After nearly 20 years, the bees are back.
Come on you apes You want to live for ever？ 😂
I hope we get that cute lil servo turret thing too
Trailer was fantastic with one tiny nip picking detail….i would have liked the laz guns and servator to sound different than the tau weapons. Less pew pew and more crack crack
is this the only type of game you guys can make nowadays?  Four player co-op wave shooter?
What a good time to have a friend that has a Tau Army while I have an Imperial Guard one!
Awesome I'm glad we're getting more Tau auxiliaries!
Это было прекрасно))) придётся купить.
Purge the xenos. FOR THE EMPEROR!!!
... they fly now?
Ok, this will instantly land on my list and if only because we finally get to fight these damn fish interlopers and remove them from the emperor's worlds!
YASSSSD!  Tempestus Scionis! 🤩
Ayyyyy finally new vespids!!
Chat, are those tyranids or are those TAU?
Im not into WH40k and so, but this isnt a game or? Wish so hard :D (no space marine)
LETS GOOOOOO
wee need a wh40k live service game shooter  please
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That cool. I get a turret and its cute
Awesome FMV and also looking forward to new rules + some new kill teams
I think this is the first time an official GW 40k product featured someone with a beret.  Edit : Nvm, I just searched under Tempestus Scions.
New vespid models when?
Vespids are back!!!
Hotshot volley walking sentry was not on my bingo card I'll take 5
*sigh…* *checkout complete*
I'm sad to see again and video of T'au getting destroyed easily, but I'm happy to see some Vespids. So I don't know what to think about this video 😂  Can we also have a Kroot cinematic video? 😇
The chest on the scions reminds me of chaos marines.
Am I the only one who felt like the assets in this trailer is coming from darktide..? Or maybe the setting is just so familiar
So new kill team mission based around flight? Might mean you cant use majority of existing kill teams for this.
How tight is that beret on to stop it from coming off while flying?
Anyone else catch the M41A Pulse Rifle sound @ 1:40, or was that just me?
G.I.Joe look on soldiers doesn’t feel good.
Reminds me of the assault on Big Gun in Quake II.
When grilling a steak, you can start by cooking it over high heat to sear it, then move it to a lower heat to prevent it from drying out. This technique is called indirect grilling. For example, you can sear a 1-inch steak for 3–4 minutes per side over direct, high heat, then move it to indirect heat until it reaches your desired internal temperature. You can also try reducing the heat to low on one side of the grill so you can move the steak around and get color.
That imperial drone is so sick!
1:20 are these sound assets from astartes?
Snakebites next box?
Tempestus Scions?! YES!! I wish to see more Imperial Guard regiments in the future. Please!
I am buggin
As the Big E calls his hammer will respond. For the fact he protects
Is it me or this trailer is pretty Imperium sided? Tau forces deaths have them squashed like flies and numerous. The Imperium deaths are heroic, in slow mo, to the last and few. Gw, you should be careful with the favoritism!
за ВДВ!
Ahhhh damn my poor wallet
So what is this? A new game? A show? I don't get it :D
they fly now?
Grav-chute Tempestus Scions and new Vespids.  I am happy.
I've just been rewatching various Warhammer animatics. Astartes, Iron Warriors, etc. Thank you.
FOR THE GREATER GOOD
Despite trailer being just pure awesomeness, I can't grudge the fact that instead of making Harakoni or Elysian Drop Troops, GW just made Scions with grav-shutes
“They fly now?”
Can't wait to put helmets on my vespid so I don't have to look at their ugly faces 😅
Every time I think I'm done buying Kill teams, another release surprises me.  As an long time IG player and Tau lover, you have my blessings.
SONS OF THE STORM BABY!
I'm running these guards as GSC and you can't stop me
"They fly now??"
Heck yea!!! I have a team of Vespids I painted a few years back and I'd love to get my hands on new models!!
So first the Heretic, then Chaos, and now the Xenos.... may the Emporer guide our wrath to victory.
I like the Tempestus scions with jump packs, but I was hoping for Elysians.
Tau Empire!
NEW VESPIDS WOOOOOO!
Oh neat potential new vespid models. 🤔
Vespids, walking lasgun turrets and jetpacks.
"Good thing those bugs can't aim."
Yay vespids are back!  Tau: no no these are not controlling helmets these are normal helmets
Safe to say new Vespid sculpts are coming 😊
Does this mean we're getting a Vespid Killteam?
What was the mission here? Stop the tau from sabotaging the gun? Unfortunately the scions failed.
I love the shockwave after the unspeakably massive gun fires. Great detail work on this trailer.
The servo turret is the real MVP! It needs a plushie ASAP!!!
Awww hell yeah, jet pack troopers
I hereby dub the adorable and brave little servo turret: BRAWL-E
"They fly now!"
"Hans, are we the baddies?"
If the scions have those packs I'll be all over it, that was rad!
Once again Kill Team brings the best cinematics
Awww the little lasgun drone is so cute
TAU EMPIREEEE
The last part with the Scion who despite losing an arm and having an injured leg continues to fight generated more dopamine in my brain than ever  For the Emperor!
❤❤❤
The lil' servitor drone that could.
For a second, I thought the ole Kill Team video game was getting a sequel!l  I lived that game, but this might have been a better use of time. 😊
The bugs are in , no not the nids the other ones
For the emperor!
RAAAAAAAAIIIIIIIDDDDDD
Good thing those bugs can't aim...
THEY FLY NOW?   THEY FLY NOW!
Right in the mouth!
Oh my... this is awesome!
I must say that turret is actually kinda cute
Really good trailer. I am sad for how my tau did most of the fight But the trailer is stunning. And new vespids are great. The Auxiliaries grow ever stronger:)
Clearly the fault lies with the munitorum for not providing those men with some good ol' flamers to deal with the bugs
im pretty sure bog standard fire warrior tau armor can take on lasgun shots pretty well or can someone explain
exciting to see new scions. Hope that we get more info on them this weekend. I want to know... - What base size are they going to be on - Can we make them as on foot without the jetpacks? - Their overall size, I might have some temptation to use Subjugator helmets on them? - Are they going to have enough special weapon options to fully outfit them? - Can we please get them in Imperial Agents... Either way looking solid, really love the trailers...
Elysianer! 😍😍
AWESOME!!!!
This reminds me of the octarius trailer
Wasn't there a Kill Team game on Xbox 360?
You could make a video game out of this
Prove to yourself that you the strength and the courage to fight for the imperium…join the legio  tempestuous
You came to the wrong planet tau.
Trailer IS AWESOME!!! AMAZING!!!!! 👍👍👍🔥🔥🔥‼️❗
They fly now?!
That lil sentry gun has the potential to be best boy
Nice! _THIS_ I gotta have. New Tempestus Scions and New Vespid models???
wow, that is what you expect from elite squads,finally elite humans doing elite combat. amazing video
These Kill Team trailers go from strength to strength, they're fantastic!
i thought the ultra marines are the elite. but then again to squish some bugs .... nah  😃
great trailer!!!!
Suffer not the alien to live
poor tau soldier
love how the scions are so cool their hats stayed on, kasrkins rule
NEW SCIONS NEW SCIONS NEW SCIOOOONS
The blast and shockwave of the massive turret though 😧such beautiful destructiveness..
That servo turret is adorable!
Genuinely thought the scions were chaos with an armour trim like that.
Not orky enough!!! But it does look great.
For the Emperor, purge the alien!
I like these
NEW VESPIDS!!!!!! goodwork GW you just got me to buy a Tau army.
New Scions! New vespids!
That was awesome, I hope we'll get a catachan kill team soon
This just made me want a Scions Kill Team now...
Tau fighting in nihilius, imagine if their first encounter with a primarch is Lion. Not even Shadowsun is getting out of that without some new limbs.
I have metal and resin Vespids, now I can't wait to have plastic ones! They' re always be my favorites minis and units! Love them✨️🔫🐝 bzzz bzzz
Oh boy, Imperium is in trouble now
By the Emporer, i might be in love with the New Scions
Purge the xenos!!!
I can't shake that the guardsmen armour is decorated in a way that looks like traitor guard
Hope y'all made sufficient quantities of the box set, especially after this fantastic video I'm worried about the supplies. And It also made me buy a pathfinders kill team.
VINDICATIOOOOOON.  ... Not for me, however.
not another turn based please
1:41 is that the Aliens pulse rifle I hear?
Warhammer 40,000: Kill Team is a top-down shooter game with twin-stick control, set in the Warhammer 40,000 future fantasy universe.  Released in 2011 and I bought this game back on the Playstation 3.
VESPIDS LESGOOOOOO
Are they making a kill team video game or is this just for the table top have a new models?
An absolutely gorgeous trailer, bravo! Now make it into a 90 minutes long story and release it on Warhammer+!
I don't play kill team anymore but goddamn that felt amazing to see pathfinders dying.
Why can't we have more animated series, legit question?
Absolutely loved the look of the scions and vespids and eager to see the minis and showcase.
Traitors go broke!
FINALLY HARKONI WARHAWKS CONVERSIONS WILL BE GLORIOUS
new kill team edition pog champ. Hope they finally get rid of the dumb symbols
Is this a game or what? Cuz in the description it says Game and Gaming? But no where in video or other descriptions say anything else
100% buying this.. tau since 3rd edition and astra of 2000 pts since last week😂
So is this going to be a videogame or is this a trailer for a tabletop release? Can never tell with how good these trailers are.
Scions with jump packs is a massive let down, was really hoping for elysian drop troops, vespids will be cool though, now just need updated fire warriors.
The pile of shame grows ever stronger.
Why is there a cinematic for this?
Beautiful animation!
Dude....imagine we getting a follow up to the Kill Team game from 2011.
TINY ROBOT DRONE IS SO WHOLESOME!
So is this a Trailer for a new Videogame or a watchable series?
“Only a flesh wound…”
Is this for darktide
Grimdark yey : )
Those fire warrior really got bad roll to miss those shot on close range
I don't know who to choose now! The Greater Good or the Emperor!
Are we gonna get completely different rules like we did when killteam 2 came out?
Always happy for more Tau auxiliaries
Tau: Here Do Crime "*gives Railgun*" Vespid: Yipeee !!! "*Flies Off*"
My ONLY weakness, bugs and guard😅
The T'au disrespect is so real you'd forget GW even makes money off them too.
THE VESPIDS ARE BACK, THE BUGS HAVE RAILGUNS NOW
THEY FLY NOW?!
New Tempestus. LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
bro fr missed that last shot
As an Imperial Guard fan... It's real damn nice to finally see the Tau Empire get some time in the spotlight. And the fact that they showed both Tau Fire Warriors and Vespid auxiliaries is pretty great since a lot of people tend to forget the Tau isn't just plasma rifles and anime mechs. they're a multi-species alien empire who make full use of the natural skills and abilities of their member races. The Fire Warriors got rocked by the Stormtroopers after they got engaged in close combat, but the Vespids destroyed the Stormtroopers by nullifying their cover with their flight.  All ending with a final shot showing the indomitable human spirit in the face of impossible odds.
"Good Thing those bugs can't aim" -Guardsman right before getting shot
Damn shame its not the Elysian's but hey that's what Kitbashing and pretending's great at. Glad to see the Vespids make a return after so long though.
Karsakins 🥲🥹
Take my money NOW!!!
Scions never quit.
I love the little Servo turret 💀
What a time to be a 40k player
Why do all the guns go PEW PEW PEW (including the ones that use bullets)?
0:47 You deserve it b@h
That's a sick masterpiece 😊
The emperors being was designed to eradicate things like you. You have committed the heresy of existing
They fly now. They fly now? They fly now!
Oh cool! I was just watching a short about those Vespids today! Its great to finally see them in animation. FOR THE -GREA- EMPEROR!!
What an amazing cinematic, though I do love the bomb squig :(
I have found my new killteam
*grabs big chopa* Stop hand! We must not buy anymore!  *Chop*
WOW!  The trick shots (ok its computer animation but still they look great) Love the cinematography on this. The "Bruckheimer" super slow mo, the eye lens shot, the camera on gun.  40k and AOS are a insane pool of creative juice for films and tv shows. Come on GW let's go. You could make MILLIONS and we know you like money :)
IT`S A BUUUG PLANET!!!!
What is this? Is it a movie, show, game, tabletop set?  They show us this cool cinematic and not tell us what it is promoting
For a second I was really excited then I realised this wasnt a Tau game
Let's go
FOR THE GREATER GOOD!
You see? This is the trailer you get when you made sure to hire the right people when you did ;)
Oh boy oh boy oh boy
Buzzzz Buzzzzz Buzzzz (Laughing with Railgun)
I had been looking forward to this for a while. I am underwhelmed.
"there are times when the thunder of a thousand guns does nothing to shake failure's grasp"  Bro they threw abaddon under the bus
GW PLEASE CAN WE HAVE THE NIGHT LORDS UPGRADE SPRUE ITS BEEN OVER 3 MONTHS
Is there option for the scions to have no jet pack?
Is it just me or does this feel like the Astartes-Guy was involved in the creation of this trailer?
that was a dam good trailer, welld one
We are bad guys.
Where is the GRIM DARK in this futur ?
ok but can this be a video game? i can be the only one who wants this as a video game right?
I'm so far out of sync I actually thought these were Tau until I read the comments. EDIT: oh a quick google had educated me they are part of the Tau. Lore videos here I come!
Cool video
This is gonna make a funny TF2 dub lmao 😂
Our favorites geonosians are getting the upgrades they deserve
Vespid. Xeno filth.
Oh man just give us a video game like that.
and Leon's getting LaaAaaaAaaaarger
Well, scions are cool of course, but wouldn't it be way cooler if it would be elysians? Miss em'...
The stakes are always high. What else is new?
Now that's a cool combo
Tallarn please :) Love the Elysian drop troops 🎉
Nice, must be Astartes who did the rigging on this. Those IK chains are smooooth!!!
More units for tau and the empire. When will tyranids finally get some love in KT and get a kill team box
Servo skulls just got an upgrade
Tau: *Uses drones with AI*  Imperium: *Puts a human skull into a small mech*  Love it
Hell yeah, new edition of Kill Team!!!
I will most definitely be buying these, but man, I wish those scions were Elysian Drop Troops.
As a Tau fan, I love the recent trend of focus on it's auxiliary. It's such a hidden gem.
This is amazing!  Perfect timing, too... I'm listening to Guns of Tanith :)
THIS LOOKS GOOD FOR THE TAU AND THE IMPERIUM😍 Can't wait to buy the killteam boxes
Imagine being a tau and getting your entire squad wiped out by a crawling robot with a gun sticked on side.
I love steakes!
PURGE THE ALIEN!
I love these cinematics wish GW would do more of these
How sigma are these plastic men
Jackel snipers ass vespids
They fly now
Is this a videgane trailer? What is it? I'm a 40k noob.
Maybe I was spoiled by the Horus Cinematic but this one didn't do it for me 🤷
MORE !!!!
I love this new design compared to the classic scions. Love the return of the berets too.  Wondering why lasguns have box magazines though 🤔 extended clips?
Holy shizzzz
These bugs are just that, bugs! This is T'au propoganda!
🔥 🔥 🔥
Noice!!!!
I love this cinematic but i was hoping a new xeno race😢
what are Tau doing on an imperial world?
Pretty awesome GW! Please don’t get rid of the old Vespid models though. I’d love to get them and the new ones.
Tau taking a hot shot to the mouth. A touch too spicy.
When are you finally make a tv séries ! You dont like monney ?
O luj tau
I'm shocked the tech priests would be willing to part with their beloved toaster and drop pod it in in the beginning
Love gameplay trailers......
Is this just a new Kill Team addition or the start of a new season? When is the new season, please? I want a updated compendium as I refuse to buy the current one when it is already obsolete.
Wait are those humans armor are they part of the chaos?
It's not some trailers about game right ? 🤔
Damn as a collector of both these factions… insta buy!
Tau regulars getting jobbed as always in 40K media 🤣
I don't know what is the more awesome between the scions with jumpack and the cute little skull/drone and the vespid with sniper rifle
I have only one question: -Why are you posting such beauty in 2024 and not in 4K?)
Hmmm, interesting. 4 scions and possibly a turret. To think that they are tactically able to stand up to custodes. Oh well, still excited for a bespoke tyranid and grey knight kill team, and all the other exciting stuff GW can do with eldar
The Vespid hype is here!
The Bugs are back.
Wow awsome
Vespids beat Scions? Yeah right...
What darktide shoulda been
Wow 👀
When i see like special troops fighting against bugs the only one think in my head... "Yes, i want know more"
That was proper Grimdark
A CS:GO style fps would make for a great kill-team video game
I really like the walking gun tower
Tempestus!!! I am so excited!
HELL YEAH DROP TROOPERS!!!!!
It's scions! And vespids! For the love of God, GW you really can do cool stuff when you try 😆👍
oh.....Oh.....OH......OH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I remeber the kill team orktarious and damn that was chef's kiss
Beautiful carnage 😢❤
Damn, we are getting new stingwings?!
A vespid squad taking out 4 scions is not a good trade at all. Why is GW nerfing what are supposedly special forces.
Wait, is this a trailer for a video game, or for the tabletop wargame?
Dangggg🔥🔥🔥
Now we just need human, fire warrior models
So an Umie gets 'iz arm blown off, an' 'ee takes dat long ta get up give da git wot done it sum dakka back? Gork's teef, da Boyz wudda done it rite furst time! Or dey'd be gettin' a propper krumpin' off da Big Boss!
Scions, servoturret, Scions...too cool to pass sorry wallet
KILL THE XENOS!
Last thing to do for the Scions : Throwing jam toasts everywhere for keeping those annoying hornets occupied.
"Within that weak sack of meat and bone, uncared for by his god and wept for by none, beats a heart. A human heart, that carries with it the strength and courage of all mankind."  That one guardsmen who keeps shooting while missing a whole arm.
Welcome to the wasp's nest. But who's the wasp for who ?
Tau Killer Simulator?
see bug me happy
Should have just brought Elysians back instead
Tempestus Scions - my favourite <3
PLEASE MAKE A TV SHOW WITH THIS, PLEEASSSEEEEE
So we are going to have Steak dinner in the sky?
reset the clock, the prophets were wrong! it's not a new edition.
Man i hoped they would bring back Elysium drop troops in some form I guess I can buy these guys and pretend
I'm glad non-space marine soldiers like Guardmans get to shine more.
FOMO strikes again... god damnit
Nice to see vespids getting featured. Hope to see some Kroot action next!
Great trailer!  Nice to see some more cinematics without space marines!
They have Geonosians in Warhammer now?
Vivement une vraie série d'animation.
a rare GW dub????/
Praying to the Machine God that the new Scions have the jump packs as an OPTION and we can still build them on foot from that kit.
They wipl get painted as ODST's from halo.  But seriously gw i hoped i can spend at least 2 months or so finishing my stuff before buying another big box from you :/
Good to see the good guys(vespids) winning!  Anyway on a more srs note- is this the start of a all jump pack kill team mode? Swopping hawks? Seraphim? Stormboyz?!
0:24 I NEED THAT SERVO TURRET AS A MINITURE!
Vespids for the WIN!
Vespid steal the show🔥🔥
damn, that was sick!
More tau Zzzz
Why do Imperial troops loose in EVERY cinematic? Why they can't win just for once???
Take my money before my wife see me!!!
They fly now?!
I have all the KT boxes... and given what's coming, it's going to continue (the video is excellent)  Good deal GW, good deal..
Warp Spiders crying in the corner...
Can’t wait to see some gameplay EMPEROR BE PRIASED!
That trailer was awesome! If we had a movie or a series like this I will be the happiest man on earth, amazing!!
GW when will you release the nightlords upgrade sprue
Can I's tell my momma?
Ok who ever in charge of these cinematics needs to get there own series. GW throw them a decent writer and get to work this style right here is perfect
IT IS THA STORMTROOOPAZ!!!!!1111 © Captain Diomedes
Two questions: 1. Where can we have those awesome auto-cannon？ 2. When can the Agents get those jump pack scions？  FOR THE EMPEROR✊🏻✊🏻
Can we get much higher?
What darktide should have been
Why isn't that Sergeant wearing a helmet.
👌🏾
M-Must…Resist… The URGE TO BUY PLASTIC MEN!!!!!!
damn vespids destroyed the tempestid scions awesome! must buy them!!
What is going on with this Armour? Why does it look like it's got all this Chaos trim on it? Also, that gun servo-skull at 0:26 is the GOAT.
Woah....Vespids have just been upgraded
Mmmmm twin laspistol, jump pack Scions 🤤
If the sergeant model doesn't have that beret option, we riot!
LETS GOOOOO!!!!!
WHEN KILL TEAM VIDEO GAMEEEE
Why'd they  change lasfire from being red beams to yellow bolt like its Star Wars all  of a sudden?
I have been waiting to see how the Vespid would be reimagined... They look astoundingly cool. I can't wait to see the miniatures. This box set is already shaping up in my eyes.
Hype!!!
So far it looks like we've got Vespid with their standard neutron blasters, what looks like a neutron-upgraded railrifle, and some kind of rocket launcher, also shooting the green neutron energy. That new helmet on the Vespid looks great too!
time to kitbash some new stormboyz
Aw, my poor T'au, but at least the vespids will avenge them.
🔥
Awesome trailer. Not nearly as awesome as the last Kill Team cinematic, but man love the jump Scions and their mobile weapon team drone. Time to squash some bugs!!!
Why did she bring a Las pistol, tempestors not allowed plasma pistols now?
Aweson
Is it just a 4-man Scion team? Trailer made a point of focusing on just the 4 of them. I get that Fly is super powerful but no way it's just 4 dudes, right?
new vespid stingwings mode @@
0:38 nice call back to that DKoK Radio guy who died next to the Sgt.
Lets goooo new vespids! Scions are ok i guess
Vespid yas!
badass asf we need more of this GW
Nice, and great to see more representation and inclusivity.
That vespid design is crisp.👌can't wait to see the models
X-Com go !
The plastic must flow.
Vespid with Ion-Cannon and Rail-Rifles?
Its a game?
Railguns AND Airburst frag launcher? What a treat!  Do extra eyes make you extra accurate?
Welp, time to go join þe Greater Good™…
Glorious. Vespid wearing Tau gear, so cool. I’ve been waiting a long time for this, as anyone who watches my videos will know, I’m very happy!!
Where is Astartes 2?
@Warhammer This trailer is already a *Classic!!!* 🙏🙏🙏
Nevermind the models, the trailer is shot really nicely!
More Xenos let’s goooo
Splooge.
My nurgle armie is going to get 10 extra men i see... can't wait until we het saturnines
오 쩐다
Fast and action packed! Incredible designs and updates to older models and concepts!
That was one hell of a big... BIG.... B I G... gun!
Absolutely banging trailer. I might just watch this again a few more times.
Is  it just me or does it look like they have CSM (black legion colours) armour on lol
I'm getting these new Scions!!
What a cinematic, been waiting for this for a long time now amazing work can't wait to pick up the new box!
The scions look cool but I can't wait for the conversions that are goanna be turning these lads into elisans drop troops
I'm hype, and the trailer was cool as hell, but honestly I hope for the day where they stop depicting Tau as complete chumps
Love these!!! :D More please!!!
Stop making me buy more things! My pile of shame is too big as it is!
Why no helmet on the sgt. Seems dumb good vid besides that.
Yey, highly mobile troops packing some serious long range weapons . . . when's everybody else going to be getting something to counter this, which is the polite, inclusive way of asking Swooping Hawks when?!?
I love the new Elyseen a not sorry I don’t see well that not elyseen because games kill they 🤡
These killteam cinematics don’t miss
The Stakes Just Got Higher, like the strain on my wallet when I saw Tempestus Scions
Yea allright thats pretty epic
Sick
Almost first! 🙌😃
Lezgooo tempestus all the way
I was sure they where going to be Elysians.
WOOOO VESPIIIID BOIIII
Must...resist...buying...cool flying things...
FOR THE GREATER GOOD!!!!
Holy s**t, more animations like this please.
Odd I don't remember being able to use a energy sword on that level of halo odst 😂
Oooooffff what a trailer. Scions v Vespids. Gonna be siiiiickkk!!
I really hope the new Scions will have some fully new models/sculpts! To match with the new Cadian and Krieg size!
amigoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Absolutely fantastic trailer! Well done to those who created that. Bravo.
HELL YEAH  VESPID
Feel like this has the Astartes shortfilm creators style all over it. Great trailer!
THE BUGS HAVE RAILGUNS NOW
We are green and very, very mean.
SCIONS FTW!!!
Hope we get a unique model AdMech kill team.
New vespid!!!! Finally!!!!
Well you’ve got my preorder already 😂
❤
I really cannot wait to see these new models long overdue update and you know what I’m really impressed in recent how technologies progressed with the models
This trailer made me want to buy more plastic men
Epic
FOR THE GREATER GOOD!
This is so goood wow! Thanks gw
ew tau
i like the bugs
YEEEEEEESSSS NEW SCIONS!
Second and Eleven
And thought I was out of killteam after the last box but you go have sucked me back thanks
FOR THE EMPEROR! LET NONE SURVIVE!  (I AM SO UNCONTROLLABLY EXCITED FOR THIS)
Reaction time 😅
lets goooooooo
Hype
Third.
KILL TEAM!!
Oi!
First
