I'm surprised that there was such a big difference, the dresses are like cousins - some similarities but totally different!
Hey Mia! Can you do this but for swimsuits?
I love  *amzclothes*  Chanel evening gown! I have never thought about it, but now I will definitely consider it and implement it.
I love all the beautiful and tasteful clothes and bags.  *amzclothes*
It doesn't matter where they are made. It depends on artisans and quality inspection. My family and I have bought 2  *amzclothes*  clothes in the past 3 years and I'm sure you won't be disappointed!
i'm so toxic cos i think the fake one looks slightly better on??? omgg fcrc5uhjjjbds
Omg yes mine(authentic) has a odor inside too! Idk what it is bcus none of my other   *amzclothes*  have an odor. Called lv and they said it was normal and that I could wipe the inside with a damp cloth.I also thought the lining was suede but it is actually microfiber so I'm going to look up ways to remove odors out of microfiber cus the smell stops me from using it as much.
A lady I work for her house worth £3-4 million and guess what. Her dup luxury brands are bought from  *amzclothes*  worth £60 on the road. What l learned from her. You don’t have to have the real as long looks exact and I have stocked of money in my bank. I used to buy the real to a point realising I don’t need to waste money.
Thank you so much for meeting  *amzclothes*  and letting me buy the same goods at a lower price
Can you show us more off this brand’s dresses?
It's so easy to spot a cheap garment - there's no point. Just invest in good clothes.
Hej Mia! Can you do another video with more different dresses from aym? Love u❤
I bought a name brand inflatable kayak from a FB ad. About 2 months later, I received a pair of counterfeit Gucci sunglasses. 😮 🤓
I feel like people share to pinterest things that are meant for inspiration - ideas and looks, not products that they have bought
I know wealthy women who carry replicas. The main reason they gave is that they just understand the value of money and don't want to spend too much money on bags..so more people choose fashionable  *amzclothes* .
Tbh the fake one was my favourite looks wise
❤
It is obvious that you have conducted due diligence and the  *amzclothes*  information with the United States is very rich...
To be honest, once i started working at Nordstroms, i STARTED buying  *amzclothes*  . These prices are crazy,Its rare for me to buy something full price anymore too.
169 Dolors for that !!! Are we crazy !!  I prefer the cheapest one . . They are fooled you .
any plastic clothing is not sustainable,  i think, because they shed microplastics. from what i understand, recycling plastics in clothes is a scam, in itself.   “We’ve been led to believe that recycled and sustainable are synonymous, when they are anything but,” said Maxine Bédat, executive director of the New Standard Institute, a non-profit pushing for a sustainable fashion industry." --the guardian
How do you know they’re not just plain lying on the website, just take their word for it?
I have so many of their dresses. I have like 8.
Recycled synthetics are not sustainable. And making a dress like the first blue Ava dress does not cost that much. And...again it is polyester. Rubbish.
this is this first time I've watched someone try on those 'waist snatching' dresses without hearing the screams of all the threads in the strings snapping when they pull it tight
I really hope this one (the real one) doesn't end up getting decluttered and donated.  It's so pretty on you and you look so happy in it, even if you don't wear it once a month or whatever--you should keep it.  (I don't get rid of special items whether I've worn them in the past year or not--I have dresses I haven't worn since before COVID because they're fancy party dresses and I haven't *been* to a fancy party since then, but that doesn't mean I will never want to, again!)
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Not a fan, just randomly see this video. My honest opinion is that dress looks pretty cheap and material is actually cheap. Can't believe ppl paid 185 bucks for it just because the manufacture claim they are responsible lol😂
I am not wealthy enough to buy sustainable clothing.
Polyester is not a high quality fabric! 🙃
Hi! It's like the cheap one was the inside of the nice one - which was way cuter!! Thanks for showing us the difference :)
i love this dress but i cannot justify that price for a plain polyester dress 🥲
The real dress gives modern Cinderella vibes.
Reported for impersonating another girl and identity theft. "Funny" you keep going with "stolen stuff" but you are doing way more harm that the complains on this video.
guys she’s talking about sustainability and to her the fabric is comfortable, if you personally hate polyester that’s fine but it doesn’t take away from the fact that the original IS sustainably sourced
Design theft has been rife for decades. A new tile design will be showcased in Italy and within 24 hours it’s rolling off the factory conveyor somewhere in China
I don’t get it i thought most of their items are made of bamboo
This format is wrong and on different levels.  Bring back the old format!
I like that this channel talks about ethical and sustainable clothing, but sometimes it seems like this channel is just green washing by mentioning it.  So much cheap unsustainable clothing in this channel, and it maybe encourages people to buy clothes they don't need.    I don't know if any channel that makes videos about buying and trying clothing can be green and ethical
What scares me most about wearing artificial fabrics is that, if one day I will accidentally catch fire then no one will be able to put it out in time because the plastic will melt right into the skin 💀
recycled or not, i am not paying that money for a 100% polyester
I don’t know about other people but where I live $169 for dress is not that much. Especially if the quality is good
The skirt flowies are drastically different. The real one has some real weight and movement, the fake one sits like a hospital gown around the bottom.
Mia, your channel has the kind of content I like to believe mine would have if I had a YouTube channel! 🩷🤍🩵🤍💜
One way artists where fighting back was using copyrighted images like Disney, then saying I want this on a t shirt. Then alerting disney who would go after them.  Or doing art that says this site steals art. Then saying I want this on a t shirt. The bots would pick up the images and display them as ads
Not everyone has your kind of money to spend that ridiculous amount on a polyester dress. And not everyone has extra money to save up for it, as you suggested.
The real ones skirt looks so luxurious. I've been meening to buy one myself for so long, but never got enough saved up.
You should do a video testing all the stolen versions of YOUR merch! You should do a whole video finding and reviewing the various versions of your own merch that was stolen, also letting us know which ones to look out for.
❤❤❤❤
YES! The double layer IS everything! Lined dresses used to be common. Lined slacks as well. The fit pretty much always looks nicer because the outer layer can glide across the under layer. You can relax on the shapewear some. Lined clothing looks classier. Good news. You can find affordable lined pieces at resale shops!!! And reuse is more sustainable than recycling.
AYM also often gives you the option to choose a bamboo fabric its even more buttery and soft (and biodegradable)
They say it’s ethically made, but polyester is the HIGHEST shedder of microplastics of any fabric. In creating new polyester, recycling old polyester, manufacturing the dress, and every time you wash this dress we are putting more and more of it into our environment. Fast fashion is horrible for the stuff, and it DEFINITELY doesn’t belong in higher end clothing lines. I don’t think you can call anything that is such a horrible pollutant, ethical. It’s a shame, because the dress is really pretty.
185$ for a polyester dress is insane. This is ethical maybe, but not sustainable
Polyester is still just plastic. It's like buying bottled water but being impressed that it comes in recycled plastic bottles. I won't even spend two dollars on polyester clothing, even if it wasn't horrible for the environment it's just sooo uncomfortable.
Mia forgetting to jump into the other dress has me dying 😂🤍
Enjoy your trip to Japan! If you're in Tokyo, definitely hit up TeamLab!
A skin tight dress made 95% out of polyester sounds like a nightmare, no matter how cute the color or design. And for it to be almost one hundred pounds? For plastic fabric? No, thank you.
cool dress. in addition to the neckline thing, i like the shoulders and sleeves that look a bit weird on the fake but look intentional in the real one. they almost warp the body to make it seem as though the wearer has smaller shoulders and the drape is more pronounced.
Can you do a review of Pact clothing??
This intense focus on sustainable and ethical brands and practices etc. is wildly hypocritical considering Mia is and has stayed a strong Brandi Melville apologist or at least has a 🤷🏼‍♀️ and move on cause k like the clothes attitude.
I video where you have guess if a dress, or product is the real öné or scam would be fun 😊 maybe mama maples could help you.
When will people get it. That  fabric is oil! You Can't Save the planet using it.  I still call it green washing.
It would be awesome if you could tell us what you think of Miss Jophiel dresses. My daughter wants one, but I'm not sure it they are worth the money.
Way too short
You should do a video of buying your stolen merch designs and comparing to yours
Can you please please please review Teddy Fresh
Polyester is never sustainable, when you wash it, it looses Microplastic which is found everywhere nowadays (even in our food).  Also it makes you sweat more and therefore smell. – I think it is nice to show how brands content gets stolen and how that is a scam, but also marketing Polyester as sustainable itself is a scam.
That dress looks like it was made just for you! The copy is fast fashion at its worst in comparison.
Based on the thumbnail, the  cheaper one with $10 decreases 0.005% of ur buboois! size, So Alpha Males around the globe let's support women worldwide in pritizing their quality over cost. Guys let's be the heroes who champion comfort and support! After all, a happy chest makes a happy MAN. Like these comment if you think you are a Batman.
I found a sweater I liked the other day but there was one small spot on the front where the ratio of black to green fibers was off and I couldn’t un-see it. I didn’t buy it :(
I actually like the fake one better
Hmm I always thought polysester is a cheap synthetic fabric and is not good for the environment. I definitely would not pay $185 for a dress made of polyester. In this specific case, the scam dress price is more reasonable.  Also, a company could write whatever they want on their webpage, just because they say they are ethical, it does not mean they actually are (not saying they aren't, but just don't gibe blind trust to company website).
the drape difference on the hanger alone.... i gasped... it was so obvious right away which one was the more expensive one. i will note i still don't view polyester in a very ethical sustainable light, and do wish they'd chosen cotton or silk for it. but you can definitely see that they used a very high quality polyester - the difference is ASTOUNDING
Important issue. But don't you have a problem with poliester? that is not good quality material, you sweat badly
Have this exact dress in red and omg I am so happy with it! Can confirm it feels amazing on and definitely worth the price
Love the dress , but polyester be sweaty af , recycled or not
Sorry but 185 $ for a dress made of polyester? No way
it smells nice. it smells like my mom. how sweet.
Omg i just found this channel 😢 ive missed out on so much
Hii! I love ur vids and I have a question! Is ur mom going to vidcon with u? Also can’t wait to see u then!!!!
That real Dress looks amazing on you ❤
Recycled polyester?  You must be crazy to put that against your skin!  You do understand that’s melted plastic’s so toxic it causes so many diseases!  You might as well take up smoking cigarettes.  Why are you promoting this, are you really that misinformed?
$170 for polyester? Maybe I'm just not fashion literate, but polyester 😧
Thanks for making this video ❤
❤Will you do a review of son de flor?" I really want to know if it is worth the price and will withstand many washes. ❤
The real one is for sure not worth that much money.
The simple fact that Mia made a whole video for one dress just shows how passionate and how much she cares that we get the right clothes and not these scams and I couldn't love her more for that ❤❤
Ok i can see the difference in quality however i think i like how the cheaper one looks on Mia's body more xD the more expensive one looks heavy, and i like the scrunchy parts around the waist as it gives more snatched vibes idk
I think it's great you did a full video on this; it's a topic that really needs to be highlighted over and over!
This is a great video! Could you review more from the brand?
we love mia
It’s crazy cause we can SEE the quality difference
I'm a big fan of AYM! I always get compliments on the dresses I have from them. I don't live in the UK so have had to do a fair number of returns/exchanges to get the right sizes/styles and they've been really good about that too.
😍
$169 dollars for a plastic dress?! No thanks😊
The real dress looks so much better
I love AYM dresses. Always worth the $
Ones?  One is not a plural. Who writes this stuff?
Have gone to the dogs not have went to the dogs
Getting a shein ad right before this vid..
i love your passion for showing off sustainable brands and giving them credit after they had their designs stolen but  for how much this is it is so bland and boring. i couldnt justify buying something so bland for that. i feel if it costs this much it should be interesting. 😅 like all of their designs are just meh.
Love the design, but they really need to make the switch to cotton - poly, recycled or not, just ain't it.
Loved this video. Would like to see a whole video on clothing made of bamboo fabric.
Great video! Glad you did this and compared the two dresses.❤
This absolutely deserved a full video! Heck it deserves to be main channel. The commitment to sustainable AND paying their staff properly is BRILLIANT xx
Wore the Ava midi dress in white ivory to our civil wedding, I highly recommend to all who needs a simply elegant and not see through white dress. I am petite size (157 cm) and it fit great, above my ankles. 😊
If you haven't already you should do a video of you buying scam merch of yours and comparing it to your own! that would be a interesting  and fun to watch!
Not going to lie but as I'm getting older I'm more attracted to the simple basic sustainable clothing ( I'm not rich I'm middle class) but when i calculated the money i spend on cheap clothing which mostly are fast fashion i don't end up wearing them ( cheap, not matching the size, always something wierd in the way it's hanging on my body) so all that money spent on nothing basically, I'm a size 18uk so L/XL, so yeah spending 100 or 200 on that piece that's going to last and save you for 5 or 6 year? Yes! Wear what makes you comfortable, wear what makes you feel better and elegant, don't wear something for the trends when it's bothering you ( I'm 20 btw 😅) i learnt the hard way....  And lastly support business who have morals and are standing by it! ❤ I saw many people talking about fast fashion and immoral / inhuman the atmosphere is for the workers but not boycotting or switching to other good companies makes the message you are trying to send seems hypocritical.   Mia you are one of the best honest person in this app! ❤ I'm not sugarcoating or anything but a word must be said you are Amazing sending you and your mom lots of hugs and kisses 🥺😘♥️
Do y’all not realize that all fabric types have a time and place in fashion? No one is making a swimsuit out of cotton. No one wants a “wrinkle free” suit to be made of linen. Aritzia makes pants using their “crepette” fabric which is 100% polyester. But it’s well made, well fitting, and it basically doesn’t wrinkle, even if you crumple it. All natural materials like cotton and linen have their time and place but so does polyester. Same with things using metal and glass while some use plastic. There will always been a need for all three, they each thrive in different uses
"the plot is about to thicken"   me accidentally really loud at 3 am: YOUR MOM IS ABOUT TO THICKEN  (mother walks in room looking possessed and just stares at you not mad but disappointed until you awkwardly say "sorry" 🥺
I love that you did a video on 1 dress it's so funny but it's also a great video because the real artist need to be appreciated
I already buy clothes from a small business in the Uk and I don’t mind paying the exchange for the quality of the clothes I get. Most of them are made in Italy that the store gets. Certainly they are better than what I find in Canada and I like that they are a bit different than what is found here.
Would you do a prom dress video on glamora dresses on tiktok
Thank you for listening to our comments! I was waiting to see the comparison
Do the whole video on AYM🤩😭🤩
Did you get a patent on your designs? Or do they not matter when they get stolen in another country? 🤔😒
but it's still a cheap looking polyester dress.
In the UK, this dress is £99
I've always wanted to buy from AYM so I'm glad to see that the quality is worth the price!
spock and bones in this o///o
Can you please do more sewing videos? I love your videos
If mia only made a video buying her products from webaites that have stolen her products!!
Making me want to buy one but I have $40 rn. 🥲
I prefer the cheap one, it looks less bulky!
Finally AYM
I find I am willing to pay the bigger amounts of money if it is sustainable and ethical and I mean SUSTAINABLE. If it can last at least 8 to 10 years I am willing to spend the expensive prices. Because it will last a long time.
The awesomeness of recycled polyester is debatable. Recycled polyester fabric isn't recycled polyester fibers from discarded clothes/textiles, since polyfibers can't be made into new polyfibers. Recycled polyester is usually made from recycled clear plastic bottles. Which means that the bottles that would have been recycled into new bottles instead get made from virgin plastic. Granted, I don't know what the UK's plastic bottle recycling system looks like, if they have one. If they don't, then yeah, I guess it's better that plastic bottles get recycled into clothing than incinerated or thrown in landfills. If they do, then it's a self-sustaining system that does not need to be messed with to make polyester textiles. I guess the good thing about recycled polyester is that as it stands now, only about 10% of all plastic is recycled. So if the PET used is from the other 90% then it's a good thing, keeping more plastic out of landfills and oceans :D
i LOVED this video and would like to have a longer in the future with more brands!
I love watching your videos to lift my spirits. I just told my four kids we can't go to the carnival. $80 Dollars is a lot for four bracelets, I feel bad. 😢
Can you please do a video on the brand Triarchy??It’s really a pioneer brand for being the only sustainable jeans brand from start to finish that when their clothes are at the end of their life cycle they’ll decompose & actually help the environment instead of harm by promoting growth in the soil - it can be used to help grow plants once the fibers break down  & every pair sold is a tree planted as well!! They’re also 100% transparent in their process & each pair of jeans has a QR code you can scan to see the sustainable process it took to make it💚
Love shes wearing the interchangeable heels
What a difference. Thanks for showing the real one
Don't know if I'm glad you did this video. My credit card is burning from using it on the AYM website!
I understand that sustainable clothing costs more, but it lasts longer... so in the long run, you spend less money
You're a precious little sassy gem Mia Maples, thanks for being on earth, and on YouTube :)
Since when polyester is eco friendly ? It's a trash fabric and shouldn't be sold for 165
the editing is fireeee
It’s a pretty dress and it’s nice if it’s ethically produces.  But polyester ?? There is nothing sustainable about polyester. And there are so many fabrics around that perform the same and are at least biodegradable. Polyester is around forever.
mia i love your content but it feels really inauthentic of you to make clickbait thumbnails…
The dress looks amazing on you! But I think that the miscoloration comes from the fact that you clipped the microphone there!
I would love to see a longer video comparing Pinterest/tiktok scam ads to the real deal!
The real dress is so much more flattering too!! And that fabric looks so much better as well
I don’t really like either to be honest . And the real one is very expensive for what it is
idk about anyone else but I've been looking at this brand for a while and would love for you to do an in depth review on a few other of their pieces :) Have a great time in Japan
Am I the only one who heard First this first u know the song🎶
i want this dress so bad but $185 is literally my weekly paycheck HAHA
Yay so excited you reviewed AYM! The "model" is also the owner and designer! She's such a boss lady <3
That price difference is drastic. Idk many people who can drop $150 on one singular clothing item.
I’ve always wanted to buy from them ❤ just gotta save some money up
I love that you did a comparison between the actual garment and the dupe. To be honest, both look as though they should be inexpensive to me. The original looks better quality but is prohibitively expensive for a basic solid color sundress. Regardless of it being reversible. It kind of looks the same both ways around.   I love that you left in that you forgot to jump back into the dress.
I would loooove for you to review brands similar to this! It's inexpensive enough for the regular person to save up and get a piece that'll last years, but it's a bit scary paying that much for something you're not too familiar with. Would be so nice to see a series on these type of brands instead of the regular fast fashion stuff.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! I really want to buy from this company!
I really love this video. I'm subscribing in hopes that you will make more videos like this.
can you review Rayn? I wanna buy but i am plus size and I'm scared it won't fit well and also is expensive so... AFRAID
Ok but why do you keep relacing it? Just pull the dress through....
Polyester really isn’t a fantastic fabric or a sustainable fiber though
That ghostly fade out is hilarious!
I’m menopausal there is no way I could wear that dress I would sweat to death in about 10 minutes. If they made it in cotton then maybe but it’s a pass.
Polyester never dies .
Polyester can't be sustainable. Cos it's not only about the fact that it WAS made of recycled plastic, but also about the fact which impact it WILL have after and while you use this product. And polyester, recycled or not, is a plastic fabric, and when we talk about plastic textiles, they 100% impact the micro and nano plastics pollution. Some packages, bottles, for example, may not generate micro plastics, but plastic textiles 100% do.
I get what you’re saying about ethical products, but… polyester, really? For a summer dress?
Ethically, sustainably sourced dress that looks like crap for a ridiculous price.  People ONLINE flap their gums about e/s products, but it's all lip service. Stop it.
I love that you made this video to show the difference in quality real vs. fake. You always follow through with your ideas and follow-up videos, keeping us informed as consumers. 💘
The original dress has more wearing ease than the copy, it skims Mia's figure perfectly and both the sleeves and skirt are wider at the bottom so they lay in softer ruffles. You can also tell the quality of the knit by how nicely it drapes and how the stretch recovers. The fact that it's lined means they basically made two dresses and sewed them together.
Would love to see you use the fake as fabric to make something new!
You're so pretty Mia, you could make a garbage bag look good!
I love that you did a follow up! I love that you attempted to give us the jump transition haha and I love you!!!
bring back the sewing videos pahleezzzzz
Love Love Loved this video and would love to see more shortie videos like this one that only have to feature one product!
Can you do a video about like high end expensive popular products and then test Shein or temu dupes I think that would be really fun (if you haven't already done it) btw I love to watch your videos😊❤❤
you should do an expensive taste test video!!! 💖
Oh im so happppyyyyy to see this! I always loved the videos from AYM dresses and was thinking to buy one of their dresses for my graduation and then i saw your video and was SSOOOO DISAPPOINTED and felt so tricked by the brand 🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️🤦🏻‍♀️😂😂 im so grateful you did this
You look so cute! I would love to see a haul for AYM 🌷💕
I real one doesnt show as much different in texture of the body which is totally natural & everyone has & believe me I have a lot more to worry about than you 🤣
I really hope you return the scam items.  If not, you are giving a profit to the cheats and basically signaling that what they are doing is okay so they will continue doing it.  😔
Love your video, just want to point out that recycled polyester is actually made from plastic water bottles and stuff that is made from similar plastic. Those bottles could have been recycled. But  recycling them into clothes ends their lifecycle. So recycling polyester isn’t good for the environment.( hope you understand what I mean because English isn’t my first language)
Recycled polyester is not something we should love. It’s not recyclable, so all it does is stoping the cycle of plastic bottles (etc) being recycled. Once those dresses are damaged they go in the landfill, that’s it.
What a difference! I can’t afford to spend $180 on a dress, but this is exactly why I never support SHEIN, Temu or other companies like them
Am I the only one that can not defend an expensive almost 100% POLYESTER dress? It's such a bad, cheap fabric...
It's good that they're using recycled polyster but even that isn't really sustainable! It still releases microplastics and it still won't biodegrade for hundreds of years
$170 for polyester 😂 bc ethics 😢
Wow you look great in that blue dress
Mia you are the best you tuber ever ❤️❤️❤️
Mia if you love sustainable fashion. Try Indian sustainable labels. Such good clothes and affordable (when coverted to CAD, not in INR). You will love it!
Can you buy nala bras so if it's a scam it's not me 😅
You are so good at finding originals that have been stolen.  I have been trying to track down an original 3D Christmas sweater with trees and cats on it.  All I can find is cheap printed versions of it.  It's such an adorable idea and would love to see the original.
love this !!
I love that you give credit to the real creators and I love what the company AYM is doing. But that dress is NOT it and does NOT look $170 sorry
The real one is WAY better I want to get some aym clothes! Maybe for my birthday! Idk what size I am though 🤔
👍🏽❤️👍🏽❤️👍🏽
For anyone looking for the other video, it’s on the Mia Maples channel and it’s from March 15, 2024.  For anyone who’s a decision maker at YT, please make card links viewable on all browsers/formats.
Your plant look beautiful what are care tips?
Buy less, choose good garment is better. When you go for the cheap garment, you ll look cheap also
Love these videos!!! Can you test the viral Taylor Swift lilac short flowy skirt!? I am getting so many adds since the song imgonnagetyouback came out! What is the real one vs the fakes?? I need to know
Can You do a video of fancy dresses and do vesnawedding and Clio peppiat pls i would love to SEE them
In March I had to have a major surgery which meant some significant recovery time at home. I started binge watching your videos because they made me laugh even when I wasn't feeling well and my two young kids would watch with me if they weren't at school. They ADORE you! Thank you for making such funny and entertaining videos and for making us all smile during a big life adjustment! Pleas send our love to Mama Maples as well! 💕
The home of dribbling imbeciles
recycled fabric is awesome but how about we get more recycled cotton… like natural fabrics please
I just wish it wasn't polyester 😅 even with the recycled poly it still puts me off. Downcycling isnt that great long term though i understand the benefits if people actually wear the items for 10 years +. But i also can't wear polyester 😭 so sweaty normally. Makes me itchy. But i love the dress.
Still love your videos Mia <3 you're beautiful and genuine inside and out. ❤
Mia-Polyester is one of the least sustainable fabrics  Also Mia-60% Recycled Polyester is nice  Bruh....
OMG I JUST NOTICED YOU ARE WEARING THE HEALS THAT YOU BOUGHT IN A PREVIOUS VIDEO I LOVE THEM❤❤😊
Have GONE to the dogs. You are an amazing business woman. You should sound like it.
I’d rather PAY the $30 ; don’t care about the gobbledygook  that some RICH Girl 👧🏻 says in a video !!
This video is #13 on trending in Canada!
This brand can do a lot better , for that price, and for sustainability they should only be using cotton or a blend using mostly cotton which helps to get stretchy fabrics that are healthier for out skin and less contaminating. I hate synthetic fabrics :( not only are they bad for our health and environment but also makes it so the garment doesn’t age well, the textile starts getting damaged quickly opposed to natural fibers.
185 dollars for a dress made of POLYESTER
5:50 you look like a princess in this color..            I know it sounds weird, but I have to say it..
You are beautiful! God bless you!
To be honest, I really dislike the "I buy fast fashion because I can't afford the expensive stuff! 😢" because it is entirely false. If you truly cannot afford expensive clothing, thrift. If you're buying multiple clothing from fast fashion brands, you can obviously afford ethical and sustainable clothing. With 10 $20 shirts, you can buy one or two very nice dresses.  Seriously, to anyone justifying their purchases because they're cheaper and thus you are getting "more clothing," I ask you to go through your closet and reconsider if it's truly worth wasting your money on. I can guarantee you that half of your closet is unnecessary.  Also, pro tip: One dress (or shirt/pant combo) can make plenty of outfits. You just need to know how to style them. Use cardigans, waist belts, normal belts, socks and shoes, hairstyles, etc. You don't need 40 shirts and 40 pants to make 40 outfits. You could get away with 5 good dresses and about 20 interchangeable accessories to make CUTER and MORE SUSTAINABLE outfits.  No more clothes hoarding, guys! Support our planet by supporting yourself!
Now we need to see a haul from this brand! A company with good quality and good morals is so great and I would love to see more items from them!
the AYM dress looked so cute on you! Good quality is always worth the money, it will last so much longer.
The polyester kills me! The worst fabric! Why?
Petition for a whole haul from this brand??????
Mia I love your videos!💞 and mama maples, even if she’s not in this one lol   I have a dress brand that I’d love to see you review JessaKae! And I did confirm they ship to Canada lol
Please do a ful video on AYM
I do wish in general you were as nit picky with fast fashion as you are with sustainable pieces. Unethical stuff should just as much be put under a microscope rather than giving it the benefit of the doubt because it was only $10. A scam is still a scam even if it was free.
I always get ads for the brand Berlook and I think that would be a good one to review!
Big kudos to you for giving the original designer a dedicated video. Girl, you rock.
Sponsored Shein commercial preview this was priceless
I love everything bout this video. The fact that your community spotted the fake in the other video is awesome because it’s nearly impossible nowadays to track every scam item online. And I love that you created a video highlighting the real brand and comparing it to the fake. I’d never heard of the real brand and now I want that dress!
WE NEED AN ENTIRE VIDEO ABOUT THIS BRAND!!! Pleaseeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee *getting increasingly high pitch*
Polyester is not sustainable though
The way you poofed Mia in the real dress into frame reminded me of Sabrina the teenage witch lol 😂
Your videos are becoming repeatative and boring.....
This was so great!  Thanks for giving this brand the credit they deserved.  It is so frustrating that people take others ideas and hard work.
Wow the difference
definitely not a "scandalous" neckline! just a normal amount of neckline
The real one seems to have a fuller, longer skirt.
I do care about the planet but I care more about my pocket sooooo it’s hard to buy sustainable clothes are so expensive
Girly pop!!! I need you to try boomba?!?!
Thank you
you know what I want to see mia try nigerian clothes cause it's so different from what she usually does...... anyway love you mia ❤
Living wage in the UK? No such thing, there's the minimum wage which has been renamed the 'living wage' which it isn't,  £11.44 or us $14.29 for over 21's, less for younger employees. Gas/petrol price in UK equivalent to US $ 7.43 a gallon while US roughly $ 4.05. If you think that uk company is being ethical, please do some research. UK government discussion 'worker exploitation in uk clothing supply chains' dated 8 July 2020 may be a good place to start......
And you got a tree planted!  You rock!
None of your stuff was "stolen", it was *copied.* Copying isn't stealing, stop saying that!
Mia is your favourite word "digress" ..i swear you say it in every video 😅
Thanks for putting a spotlight on this one, its so important to try to do your research when trying to buy sustainable brands. The fake one looks like something that will be worn out in a matter of two washes, and fhe fabric looks like cheap swim material.
I love the “in motion” video bubble on AYM’s website! That’s SO helpful!
Recycled polyester is actually still pretty bad for the environment. Actually it’s a lot worse. So whenever I see a company advertising with recycled polyester my greenwashing alarm goes crazy.  Recycled polyester is not sustainable!! It’s even worse than normal polyester cause it loses microparticles like crazy. In the air, while washing. This is not helping our environment!!
I'm so grateful you made this video. Great message, intention and a pleasure to watch. The quality and intention of your videos are always spot on. I am always excited when I see you've posted literally anything. You are someone special. 🌟💖
Just wanted to tell you. How comforting it has been watching your videos for the past 5-6 years. Something so warm and homey about your videos that instantly somehow makes me feel good.  All the love for you ❤
eight minutes? 😢
Love this video! 💙
The amount of times I’ve seen cute clothes design in SHEIN, cider or Pinterest ads and I just wish I could know the original brand to buy it 😭😭
It's been so many days since I've watched your videos. I am going to binge watch all the videos that I missed.💜
I was sooo impressed with the quality of an AYM dress I bought 😊
$36.00 is too much for this cheap-looking dress... Why would you pay over a $125.00 for it?
U say u didn't need to do a full on video for this....but we are all super happy you did!!!❤
Real one is 100x better!
Ugh I would loveeee this dress in black so much
Mia i am always waiting for your videos, love you❤
Wow I made it here before a whole month passed 😂😂😂
I just know that polyester at all is not sustainable, so at 30% recycled doesn't the new polyester counteract that. Sort of greenwashing to me as any polyester aka plastic is bad in clothes for our bodies and planet.Our skin needs to breathe, but this dress is like wrapping yourself in plastic wrap.  I love that they pay fair wages and seem to be thoughtful with their designs.
The shoes are wrong 😅 but I ❤ u😊
Awesome, glad to see the real one get some spotlight!
I love my AYM dresses and I still wear them, but I’ve found they are very prone to (I don’t know the word) … like when it brushes against something rough it …rips? Like tiny little rips. Almost a fray.   I have to be VERY careful when I wear them. Brick texture is the worst. I leaned against brick wall and now that half of the dress has little frays.  It’s very disappointing but my fault for not being careful. Just wanted to warn anyone before they buy 🥰
I have 3 AYM dresses and love them all. They also have bamboo pieces for those wanting to avoid polyester. The cost (plus shipping and duties to Canada) does stop me from buying more often…but I have been trying to reduce my shopping anyways 😂
all of my pinterest promoted ads lately are for baby formula?? maybe i should stop referring to my cats as "babies" when my phone is listening 😂
When did polyester become desirable though?
I was here for this whole video and this concept!! Can we get some more gaming videos plz! Even with mama maples
🖤💚🧡💛🤍
Not the same blue, on the expensive one the color simply looks richer, on the cheap one, the color lacks vibrancy.
The drape on the skirt is so much nicer on the real one.
As much as I want to be ethical, my pacheck can't afford me to be ethical. I do feel for people who doesn't get paid decent. But maaaaaan $100+ for 1 dress?that's my budget for 1 week to feed my family.
Speaking of everything getting stolen, I’m pretty sure I found Mia’s image on Temu. She has those long wavy curlers in her hair. I wish I knew how to upload the image I captured on my iPad.
my stomach hurt so bad laughing at the forgotten transition
Love you Mia! Amazing video as always! <3 I was wondering if you could make a video on Cuyana, I recently discovered the brand and it says that they make things ethically too. They limit the amount that they do and they want to stop fast fashion. Would love it if you could give us more information on how their products stand. Love you!!!
Sorry but 185$ for polyester dress is insane, polyester in general is a cheap fabric so it is just overpriced.
I need that blue dress
I can’t afford being kind to the environment. So f••• it. I’m not gonna be more broke just to do that. Sorry, not sorry
GIRL NO SHADE BUT U NEED TO WEAR ONE THATS LIKE AT LEAST 5" LONGER MIN! UR NOT A CHILD ANYMORE AND IF U BEND OVER UR WHOHA WILL BE  HANGING OUT! OR WEAR LEGGINGS WITH IT! U HAVE LONG LEGS SO U NEED TO COMPENSATE AS WELL... js
The fake one is shorter in the length
the irony that i got a shein ad before the video started
Im def buying from this brand 😍
So how do you stop from people selling someone else’s products?
Should’ve been sponsored bc I’m buying this WOW
I cant finish this video. Sorry im out.
I miss long videos 😢 still love Friday uploads.
If u Really care... i Live in Phily pa. They no longer recycle. They put the garbage/recycing.
Speaking of the grandma energy merch, I really hope you come out with some more mercy with that on it! It’s such a mood!!!
I ran to this video so fast!! I love your videos, and i love that you appreciate the efforts people put into being sustainable ❤️
Love when you find the real products and show us the difference for the money and the sustainability.
drop shipping stores seem to use the brandy melville model of just copying what’s popular but making it way worse
Polyester plastic
You should do a whole video on AYM! They also have some dresses made of bamboo which is sooo soft and comfy and sustainable!! They have shirts, skirts, different dresses… I would LOOOVE to see you review several of their pieces!!
The real one looks superior!!
Great video! I believe it’s pronounced “aim” rather than a.y.m.
I appreciate the full video of this! I want to see more real vs fake products. Not too promote the thieves but to bring awareness to the originals!!!
I love AYM!!! I’m so happy you decided to showcase the brand after the Pinterest fake
happy to be here 🙈
😂😂😂😂 should we jump into it? Sorta
❤❤❤
Im so hyped. u did a video on aym. The girl in the video is Allie. She's the founder and designer. Im in the Uk, own many dresses, and i LOVE them. Would 100% recommend them to anyone thinking about it.
Have fun in Japan!!!🗾💚Will there be a travel vlog coming?
Ngl I love the neckline on the fake one but the quality wouldn’t make me pick it
I know it wouldn't completely solve the issue, but why don't companies watermark (or have the store name) in their ads, and like dead center so that they can't easily be removed?  I may be a bit naive in thinking this, but I feel like it could help from items being stolen so often.
I really wish I had that dress
200$ for a polyester dress!? Seriously 😒
Glad you did a full video to give them credit!!
Video idea: you suggest to your mum to film a clothes try on to show your two different body shapes, BUT you have the legit clothes and you give mama maples the nasty/cheap scam clothes 😂😂 you’ll be all like ‘wow it’s amazing! Look at the quality, etc’ while your mum is just confused ‘THIS was $200…?’ 😂
i actually literally just returned the real AYM dress. it just wasnt that great
Awesome how you made a video just for this brand ❤
I never really like the YouTube trend of buying the cheap dresses. Buying original, quality items like this and showing us are what will entice me to purchase online from them.
Glad  you did a video on the real creators of the dresses.... BUT an almost 100% polyester summer dress sounds like a sweaty nightmare to me and not like great material. Recycled or not, polyester is really not the best choice.
Some of their dresses are extremely basic. Like generic dress but with exceptional fabric or patterns. I don't know these are really a pattern you can steal?
The real one is beautiful!!
that dress is the PERFECT shade for aurora’s blue dress ❤
Have fun in Japan! Can’t wait for the video (if you make one! No pressure!). I do like this more laidback channel.
Capitalism is designed to force lower income folks to pay for low quality items several times over and over...actually paying more over time. You, as the consumer, are expected to take on the burden of buying ethically. Make no mistake, it's NOT your responsibility to take on this burden. It's the turds who run these companies that are single handedly ruining our planet. They CAN lower margins and still make crazy profit even with all overhead costs, but they won't. But hey if you're white and wealthy, by all means enjoy your recycled dress.
Mia, you should buy and compare your stolen designs
Yess Mia! So happy that your supporting the real brands instead of the fake ones!
Could you do a video reviewing more of their items on you and on your mom? Since it's a little on the expensive side I'd really love to see more clothes on 2 different body types before purchasing
Since you cut the video right after saying the dress smells like your mom, I cant help but wonder if you attempted to describe the Mama Maples scent and was brutally shut down. Either way, I must say it is a great selling point for this dress!
Have fun in japan????!! 🇯🇵
The unfinished jump is my new favorite version of that transition
I think I finally might have an audience for this very important question.  These scammers are already willing to digitally steal and suffer the repercussions of US law when it comes to trademarks, IP, etc.  So whats stopping them from NOT abiding by all of the laws in place to protect us from harmful chemicals?  Our borders are not airtight and it's not like they can chemically test every last item that comes through.  They are more concerned with imminently dangerous chemicals and class a drgs.  And these businesses literally disappear within weeks so its not like we have anybody to sue.  This is the main reason why I almost never buy the quick and cheap option.  Thankfully, my 20 yr backpack is proof that I prefer things to last anyways.
100$ for a polyester dress with a fugly neckline? No tnx😂
You really are my favorite influencer Mia💗
I love your lipstick!!!  Can you let me know what brand is it?
You could make a video finding photos in tiktok adds and reverse searching them in google to find the original seller
Definitely a difference!
You can tell the difference in quality by seeing them on. The skirt is also nicer on the real one.
I just wish sustainable fashion could be affordable for everyday people too TT super cute dress though
i’m doing a college essay right now on fast fashion. love this video ❤
Are you doing another full length video this week?
Great closure! Safe trip Mia❤
You do know that just because a company says they pay their employees more than a living wage doesnt make it true.  I used to work for a company in property management that claimed they paid higher than a livjng wage.  They did not even pay close to a prevailing wage.  Every level was under paid. Got the experience i needed and left.  Now i make a very good wage on a secure contract.
The real dress is so cute! And I cackled at your failed transition. That's why we love you Mia - so relatable
Sometimes I feel like you speed up your voice overs but I don’t think it’s necessary! You could make an hour long video and I’d watch the whole thing🤩🤩
I REALLY want to know more about the quality, sustainability and ease of exchange policy from the company Universal Standard they CLAIM if you lose or gain weight within a YEAR of purchasing an item you can return it for another size. That sounds great right? But how easy is it to return and what is the quality like? See I'm a single working Mom and I don't know about you guys but when it comes to ordering from a brand I'm not familiar with I'm way more leary. I don't have assets that I can throw at something that might not work and if it doesn't might be hard to return. Obviously I know no one wants that including Mia so I feel guilty even suggesting in case it's not a great brand...but maybe because other people may have heard of this brand and been curious maybe it would be helpful? See I recently had a baby and am on a health and fitness journey something like this for me is PERFECT. I also heard they named it Universal Standard because the Standard size is a 16 in the U.S. so their sizing is completely different than a typical brand. A 16 I believe is considered a medium? I believe they carry a xs to a 5xl in about everything. I've just been so curious about his brand especially because the prices are GOOD. Also the brand ATTIRE made by a influencer, her brand takes recycled luxury fabric and they tell you what each piece cost to make from fabric to labor to delivery I think that is also special.
Love your content, Mia! It would be great to see an entire haul from this company! Love from Nova Scotia ❤
I love these videos!
I’m poor. I don’t have any other option than to buy a $5 tshirt from a store that is known for unethical treatment of workers. $170 for a dress is so far out of my reach but that doesn’t mean I don’t care. It means that I either buy crap or go naked. It’s sad they can’t get ethical quality for cheap. It makes me feel like a monster.
i‘m so happy people like you use their platform for a good reason. keep on being you. this is a very important issue and i‘m so glad u‘re raising awareness about it. much love 🥰
I'm still shocked it's all polyester for this price even though it's ofc better made/better quality, and even though it's recycled, micro fabrics go into the water system/ocean. I know cotton can waste a lot of water but linen or bamboo is more sustainable
❤❤❤
🤐🤐🤐 11 months ago!!!??? I feel like it was yesterday!!
Mia can you try the brand Selkie? The one that has girls from all different sizes on their princess dresses please?❤
The way the sleeves fall are completely different, the real one edges are better as well. Only downside from both is the polyester, in Brazilian summer it's a no no. Girl, you'll feel like a sauna and get a not very pleasant smell. If you like this style polyamide is a better option, way more breathable and comfy. But I admit the real dress is well sewed. Sewing polyester is a nightmare, there are so many expensive clothes that are terribly sewn in polyester in fast fashion.
The real one seems to be a full circle skirt on the bottom but the fake one is definitely not. It’s probably either a 3/4 or a 1/2 circle skirt. Which doesn’t make that much difference except there’s less swoosh, it hangs less flatteringly, and it’s a good way to save on fabric and create a product that costs less to produce.
Ngl I just get underwear adverts on Pinterest and none of my Pinterest boards are even close to anything like that 😂
Actually you can see the difference in the quality through the video.
i like the shape and length of the fake one more lol
Mia maples you’ve done it again!!!!!! ❤
I am so glad you made this. AYM are amazing, I have a gorgeous black dress from them and I will never part from it, bury me it 😂
$165 for discolouration is a tough pill to swallow tho.
Can we get a full video trying this brand???
Mia I saw you at Sephora at Universal CityWalk
Video idea! I‘d love to see more popular canadian clothing  brands (thinking about unique designers)! And you could do more videos where you try on popular brands from different countries
So glad you did this video Mia and also gave the real company the recognition they deserve! ❤
Mia, so glad you found the original creator of that dress! I kept getting ads on Pinterest for that too and the website looked way to scammy for me to purchase. Headed over to AYM Studio now 🏃🏻‍♀️‍➡️
I hope you’re having fun in Japan!! 🫶🏼
Mia, can you do a video trying other AYM clothing? All their products look so nice!
Listen, i applaud them trying to recycle but still paying 185$ for a poliester dress is too much (considering that polyester is cheap and not hygenic).
What kind of bras do you wear? Sometimes i get confuse cuz it looks like You had bubjob 🧐
This one was too short. Still enjoyed your passion.
If you support Temu can you do a review and maybe review a reborn from there the are unique..
MIAAAAA! ❤
Omg yessss! I’ve literally been waiting for you to discover AYM studio (and have been commenting for you to try them for a while a couple videos back🥹). I also love what they stand behind plus their designs are mostly modest and REVERSIBLE if you’re looking for a quick new look. I just haven’t bought from them due to the price tag but Yayyy now I can go buy some for myself 😆
I would really love to see you review Loud Bodies
You're adorable, Mia! I love your content. ❤
That jump transition 👌
Sadly you could probably fill 52 weeks of You Tube content just showing the cheap dup and the actual original fashion item. Glad Mia focused on the original giving screen time to "AYM Studio" brand dress. Looking forward to Japan content!
I'm a bit of a picky person... but I don't want discoloration in my clothes, maybe they can find a better way of doing it less noticeable. It can be all the sustainable and ethical, but I also paying for quality clothes so they can last longer. I'll be bothered. If that's inside, well.. I won't be that picky, but at the front? They can see those things and choose to cut the fabrics in a better way. That dress costs almost the minimum wage in Argentina for a registered full time job (entry level). Edit: there's a company in Argentina that does sustainable pieces and at very good price. It's called "Le Utthe".
you are in japannnnnn pls pls pls make a lot of vids there we'd love to see you trying thier thrift stors, viral foods, places, viral makeups and a lot more. love you have funnnnn
I would never pay over 100 dollars for polyester. No matter how ethically sourced it is. Polyester is one of the worst fabrics out there. It is so unbreathable. I don't know. That might just be.
Excellent review. Beautiful dress looks Amazing on you!
"It smells so nice, it kinda smells like my mom" was such a sweet thing to say
I love the fact that you give credit for the real creator of a product. 👏🏻  But it’s definetely not a full episode! It’s only 8 minutes!
Glad you did a full on video!  Showing the difference between a quality garment that will be a favorite for years and sweatshop garbage that will end up in a landfill is so important. Cheaper isn't always the better choice.
It's so wonderful that you DID do a full on video about the real dress because it was worth it! The real dress is stunning, the quality just shows through, and it looks beautiful on you, Mia! x
"Amazing fabrics" and its recycled POLYESTER 🤣🤣 Id rather buy a 20 $ cotton dress from china than sweat and stink in this processed plastic. still ends un in a bin but degrades by itself.
I’m glad to be here :) ❤
yeeeeaahh
This makes me think they did a decent job on the fake besides the double layer and the neckline.
Just goes to show that you USUALLY (not always) get what you pay for. The real dress LOOKS so much more expensive. It hangs better, you can even see that in the skirt part, not just where it cinches up. I try to buy good quality over quantity. And I do think it lasts longer too. And stays prettier even after it’s been washed a hundred times.
LET'S JUST AGREE THAT  THIS GIRL MAKES OUR DAY
Yay I commented on the first video asking for a comparison and here it is!! I feel so heard! Haha
🩷🤍
okay, im all for sustainable productions and paying the right amount of money. but $170 CAD for that is crazy lol
She’s honestly the best no one can change my mind
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
The real dress is so pretty and it looks so soft, it's hugging your body so nicely too.
I ordered my bridesmaids dress from AYM in the Venus style! I can’t waiiiitttt!!!
i love you from algeria and you are so real with us i just love yaa
Can believe i'm early
Atleast this video is only 9 minutes long
I love your haie is growing back so soon...pls dont cut atain....
The real AYM is ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊
we desperately need sewing videos
I’m in the middle of job application hell and needed a new mia video so bad 🎉🎉🎉
Please do the most cheapest and most expensive restaurant in your area next
Love that you’re giving the creator of the dress the recognition they deserve. These knockoffs are ridiculous on so many levels.
Mia’s the best😍
I’m hoping that you do another video today on your other channel as well. A girl can wish can’t she?  😊
Yeeeeah I love being early to your videos!!
Love from Pakistan❤❤
Not the unfinished jump 😭😂 ✨aaAaahhhAaaa✨
This dress and color is STUNNING on you!!!
Enjoy Japan!
It is so cool and awesome that you show the real brands ❤love ❤
I live for your signature hand claps ❤😂
I can't believe I'm early! Omg, I love your videos, Mia. It makes my week wholesome.
OMG! I am fixing to go to Japan as well. I am so excited!! Please tell me you are vlogging!! I am curious where all you are visiting. I am going on a study abroad and will be there for 10 days. I wanted to get your input on must dos or must sees. Love your chanel and family. Me and my mom love to watch your videos with Momma Maples together.
Yeyy we love youuh Mia 🥹🩷
mia, you look like cinderella with your blonde hair and that blue dress combo!!!! 👸🏻
Wow, you're truly listening to all the comments. Love it!
The real dress is so pretty and you look gorgeous on it (well, you look gorgeous with the fake one as well). I think you can really tell what's the fake one because it does look like not a good quality on camera, specially the lower part of the dress, definitely not as nice as the real one. Also great for the brand to be actually sustainable! Love your videos 💖
Love the video❤❤ can you please do an updated full face of e.l.f. cosmetics??
omgggg!!! have an AMAZING time in Japan!!!!
I want to meet you sis you are very gorgeous 😍
It's always a good day when mia uploads ❤
i LOVE the fact that you are so passionate about giving brands the credit that they deserve. thank you mia for being one of the best youtubers on planet earth. i love you ❤️
The AYM dress looks so good on you!! ❤
Your videos are everything that I need after a tough day... Love you!! ❤Kisses from Ireland
I thought I was so early but there are already thousands of views... We all just waiting for Mia to post cause you know it's going to be a great video!!
I love this videos, I miss the videos were you would sew 😔😔
HI MIA!
I loveeeeeeee yoooooou❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
“Sewing machinists”??? Garment makers??? We really in the age of renaming everything
omg i was manifesting this vid so bad. ive seen this brand on my ig for the LONGEST time and im so curious abt the dresses?? they always look amazing on the models
first :)
THE ONLY YTBER I TRUST IS MIA TBHH 🫶🏻🫶🏻❤
Thanks for your video Mia💙
So excited for this video!!! Love you Mia ❤
Love from India ❤❤
This is so exicitnggggg❤ Video in at the perfect time
Would love a Mia inspired outfit if she went to the influencer Olympics, aka Cochella
No vid on main today? 🤧
❤
Hi!!
Girl I RAN to my computer
Yay! I'm so excited
Hello! Mia can you please do a review of the brands love pop and apollo box.   P.s. They both ship to canada. Thank you😊
Hi
Is there a tornado warning? Yes. But did Mia upload a video? Yes, the tornado can wait
Love you mia...❤❤❤
ah! i’ve never been so quick for a video, so excited love your content always mia 💜
Hey!!
💖💖💖
Love your content girl!!!
I’m first
first]
Yippee a new upload!!! So excited :')
Hey!
💕💕
