What do you think about the changes Costco is making?
@0:04   Subliminal message?
To promote electric semi you charger every dock and with the electric car sales soaring, you’ll need more electric charging stations in your parking lot.  Solar would be nice
Costco on an average car you shopping baskets will fit in one car Would you offer a delivery service Member, would we would take home refrigerated and frozen products
Costco how about selling the seven pack, reusable shopping bags machine, washable tumble, dry
I love that they used old clips of Louie Anderson (RIP) wearing a blonde wig and purple dress in Costco for this 2024 video! I miss that guy:)
Poway Costco has a car wash. They could use vacuum.
Advice do not turn down a transfer Costco employees submit a transfer request it could be denied or they may ask you to go to another warehouse for these new warehouses, maybe fully staffed when they open
I wish 100% granola cereal would come back and use apple juice instead of milk
You need delivery service for the members Were they take home refrigerated and frozen items?
You need delivery service for the members Were they take home refrigerated and frozen items?
Costco is price gouging
The standing tables were the *only* empty space in the food court.
Costco will your electric Infrastructure  Be prepared for electric semi, and electric cars Sales skyrocket you need to expand your charging stations in your parking lot, possibly the entire parking lot every dock door
I tried to use consumer reports to make some shopping decisions
Would you consider going to cash and carry warehouse is selling Costco reusable bags like to seven reusable bags per box And wine and other products have professionals taste, testers taste to finish product
Why did Costco changed its closing time on Saturday to 7.00 pm? It used to be 8.30pm
Waltham, MA Costo's food court is "The Worst"!! They have just a few offerings and nothing for Vegetarians!! One more membership price hike and I am done shopping at Costco. I am already a member of BJs where some of the produce are better priced than Costco and they have many others which I buy, but are not available at Costco.
2:35 Do not care about that common story used to promote something.
I will never shop there unless you remove the membership requirement. I used to evaluate pricing there and found it to be similar or more than my other sources.
Please make videos that don't look like they were AI generated.  I can AI generate a video like this in about 5 mins.
Good morning Costco bring 88888 million the largest the all seafood market and largest fish and chicken  market and largest breakfast bakery and a bigger pharmacy 888888888 million  and school things and house   soon as possible thank you I from trinidad and tobago 🇹🇹
An hour after the store is closed, people are still sitting there, eating in the food court. Almost as if the employees don't need to close the store. When the tables are cleaned and disinfected, people will dirty them again and again, just because.
Bring back the damn churros!!!!!!!!!
Costco stock keeps climbing. Lets go
Costco needs to build a store North Red Deer Alberta
A a name change coming too. Chinaco
I can’t believe the Churro is gone
What good is the App if there is no Wi-Fi in the store.
The scanning policy is stupid.  I COULD just have a non-member friend accompany me and shop and I just pay for it all and then they reimburse me for their stuff.  It's not hard.  I would NEVER give my card to someone to shop with.  Anyone who pays 2.49 for a cookie is insane.    There are three Costco's in my area and they are almost all , always crowded.  Hope the CEO doesn't forget where he came from.
You need to build a Costco out off of N US Hwy 281 around Hwy 46 or even FM 306!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
LOL, "Welcome to Costco.  I love you."
OMG was that Louie Anderson dressed as a woman in this video, sitting at the food court?
Magic Spoon is milk based.  It wasn't bad, but it was also weird.  Alternatively, I'd suggest giving Catalina Crunch a try.  Made with pea protein, and also 0 sugar.
4:14 Oh that menu takes me back!... Hot Turkey & Provolone sand ($4) Beef brisket sand ($5) And Deluxe pizza, whole or by-the-slice, were still available! :\
That woman looks like the female version of that comedian Louis somethine
Maybe the problem is with the shoppers and their carts making the area congested.  I'm not a member of Costco, but I have a membership at Sam's.  I might get a drink before I take my cart to the self-checkout, but I'm not interested in sitting down at the food court at Sam's after I've done my shopping.  Some of what I've bought is likely perishable, so I want to get it home ASAP.
Does the Costco card really have the member's photo on it?  Not that way at Sam's.  Just wondering how accurate this narrator is, if she's even human.  I suspect it's AI.
Costco admitted they are not making any profit on food court products. Hence, they rather have less people eating there. No seats = less customers buying $1.50 hot dogs they are loosing money on.
Costco must add solar energy and EV public charging.
I love Costco . They have quality goods and the best part : they take care of their employees.
Why are you featuring Louie Anderson in Drag? What is up with that?  I jest.
Its  all about  GREED  i don't  eat that position but it's  sad  they only  want  us SPENDING money Walmart  is taking  out the seating  everywhere  except pharmacy  wanting  you to shop white  wanting  on your  prescription  2 be filled  it said  i won't  be spending  my money  their I'll  go to aldi or Kroger  😮
costco is going downhill very fast
I bat people around with my cane so I can get to all the samples first . It's a great workout 🤣
Bring back the $4.95 BBQ beef sandwich !
Playing bumping cars with carts in Costco is flat out dangerous for those over 55 or anyone with mobility issues.
I live at Costco. 😊
Love shopping at Costco early before the masses overwhelm the parking lots and isles. 😂
I shop at Smart & final that's in my area and I don't need no club card. And I encourage others in my area shop at smart & Final
So as a person who needs assistance shopping , I'm going to have to now shop alone or buy my assistant a costco card??  Standing tables? I have hard time walking. It seems like Costco doesn't respect older and disabled peole.
Eat up fast and move on.
if they resort to facial scans getting in the door - i'm out. I'll get my groceries delivered and pay someone to do it.
Please bring a Costco to Ocala FL.    It's crazy how some smaller cities have multiple Costcos, like Albuquerque NM with 3, while Ocala has none.
Wow, I'm glad I'm not a member.
No more dumb fucking cover charge?
I truly miss the BBQ Beef sandwiches and the Ice Cream Bars (which we affectionately referred to as LOS (Lard on a stick)).  We'd take orders among the family, the replies would be either "male" with almonds or "female" no almonds.  Edit: I want the Kimchi and Cheese rice balls!
For the record Costco has “Members” not “Customers”
The healthier "grass-fed" meat/dairy products have got my increased purchases. Also, I am addicted to the roasted chickens. Now, they need to focus on the bakery items with unrefined sugar, unrefined flour, no preservatives or chemicals. If so, I might stop shopping at Sprouts and make Costco my "1-stop shopping".
Wondering why the video kept showing the lady that looks like Louie Anderson  ? Related ?
your talking way to slow.... need to speed up a bit...  haha
Sam's Club is much cheaper and better
Was that Louie Anderson in a wig?
Make sure to check the ingredients   Bad stuff showing up
The chicken bakes are cooked from frozen ones not made fresh anymore
Costco in Shenzhen China? lol Their economy is crashing, people have no jobs no money to spend, companies leaving China. lol
I have 8 Costco Stores within 50 minutes of my House, one is less than 5 minutes away.
Don’t talk to me until combo pizza is back
COSTCO, bring back the combo pizza....please.
I never ate the churros but the combo pizza is highly missed.
sourced by random reddit users... Bravo.
Costco isn't a members only shopping experience. You can shop there without a membership... but there are some items that you won't get a members only deal on and there are some items you can't buy at all if you aren't a member.
They are making a SUPER COSTCO.......and they are putting it in shit-hole Fresno....wack
I wish they would bring back their pizza to sell in the warehouse
No seating Im not eating there anymore plain and simple. Plenty of other places to eat within 5 minutes.
They better not touch the MF hotdogs 😡
If they’re going to raise membership cost, why not also increase the annual cash back for Executive members?
Want to make a real difference? Figure out how to make the checkout lines faster and less crowded
How about a Senior rate for membership to keep us coming back?
And no sauerkraut anymore.  How do you think I am going to digest one of those hot dogs.  And the seating at the food court keeps me away, especially when I have to scrape off the table and the seat.     Thanks for reminding me of why part of me hates Costco.
When I can find something on an app and go to it and then put it in my basket, that event will save an old guy a track meet over the whole damn store to find the whatever.  Also, put some simple signs on the lights in the parking lot so we can find where our cars were left easily.  I often skip Costco because I don't want to hike the whole store to find where an item was moved this season.  I just started a Walmart account and noticed prices are cheaper than Amazon.  It's not just quality and prices that keep me paying a membership fee, but I am beginning to question it, due to the issues cited above.  Oh yea, and the line to get gas reminds me of the Yom Kippur war gas lines in '74 and '75.
lots of over weight people in murica ah?  they love sugar, the romantically way the narrator talks about sweets, wonder if she was sponsored by diabetes medication companies
I was tackled last Friday for walking in on the food court side with my card out to pick up a pizza I ordered over the phone. 😅 But as long as I get endless samples, I’ll get over it…
Churros rule! We can get cookies practically ANYWHERE.
😍😍😍
I got the oreo mini cake. Tastes way better when you cut half the bottom off and put it on top
It's really weird that this uses several shots of the late Louie Anderson in drag from  'Baskets'.
WHY THEY REMOVING CHURROS?!?!
Try the Chicken Bake in the food court...not bad. As for breakfast selections in the store I eat Coach's Oats.
the use of Louie Anderson on this video is cool. #rip
Imagine paying membership to a place where theres no convenience and the prices are the same as a regular gorcery store 😂. Sometimes even more 😂
Wait till Costco gets sued for racial profiling by checking cards at the checkout.  I have seen it happening.  The Costco employee barely glanced at mine.  But was taking her time looking closely at certain other individuals.
@ 1:02 Hey, that's my local Costo store. Cool.😃👍
Just left my Costco and stopped by the food court on the way out. About 20 people surrounding the kiosk to pay with a card and I walked up and paid for my hot dog with two dollar bills. I got my food instantly while everyone was standing around with a ticket waiting on their order. Some girl glared at me with daggers coming out of her eyes. Thank you Costco for still accepting cash!
Magic spoon is gross
Bring back the original churro.  The twisted one sucks
Why do they have Louis Anderson dressed in drag in this video?
Kast I sat outside a local COSCO in northern California for 15 min to have my cheap COSCO hot dog and lemonade.  A majority of people exiting the store were obese.  Those new deserts aren't going to help.
Didn’t care for their churros and do love cookies, but $2.49 seems like too much for just one pretty basic cookie.
TRANSVESTITE will be greeting the people
They need SCAN and GO like Sam's Club!!!!! They check the receipts anyway on the way out! Cmon Costco get it together. SCAN and GO is the reason I keep my membership with SAM'S CLUB. If i have to pick,  I would keep the SAMS Club over costco for the sheer convenience of SCAN and GO.
They going to stop the assine practice of charging people just to shop at their store? Or maybe sell products in sizes that are actually going to empty before the use by date? So much food is wasted by costco members as the product goes bad before it can all be used. Families are smaller today then ever, who the hell needs a 5 gallon jug of mustard? You all know exactly what I am talking about here!
That 130 day building schedule is misleading...  From the first scoop of dirt at the beginning of lot preparation to the Grand Opening is closer to 2 Years, the 130 Days starts when they dig the holes for the foundation footings and that doesn't happen for about 18 months after they start prepping the lot since they need to let the disturbed ground settle for about 12 months before they can start actually putting the building up or they risk uneven settling of the ground causing cracks and damage to the foundation, floor slab and walls of the building...  To make it easier to understand, here's the rough timeline from start-finish... Months 1 - 4 or 5: Lot Preparation (removing vegetation, leveling the ground & installing curbs, initial road/lane paving, utility connections and storm drains). Months 4 or 5 - 19 or 20: Land Settling (letting the ground sit undisturbed to allow natural compaction of all the soil that was dug up/placed during the Lot Preparation stage). Months 19 or 20 - 24: Constructing the Building from the Footings up then preparing for the Grand Opening...  This is what I was told by the Construction Crew building the Costco currently being built in my City, they started Lot Prep around 8 Months ago so Grand Opening should be in early Spring 2025...
What a very stupid move getting rid of the churros and placing it with a boring chocolate chip cookie.  Who’s dump idea was that?
I never get food from the grocery store concession stand and I definitely don't buy anything from a grocery store bakery because most of it is just shipped there from another location if you don't believe it look at the fine print on the price tag with the description of the item it will say where it is shipped from.
Those new cookies are sooo good 😭
Costco expected me to go get in line again, after checking at the door and finding an dozen and a half of eggs that were not rung up, They are Crazy if they think I'm going to get back in line for their mistake , I will start shopping at other stores more often
Nice job hiding your promo ad for a bullshit cereal, yeah you didn’t trick anyone with a brain, you got paid and didn’t show it
Thanks for reinforcing the many reasons I have never shopped at Costco which is very close by.  You act like you are doing us a favor taking our money. Well, there money as you will never get a dime from me
Did anyone else spot the late great comedian Louie Anderson?  That dude was great.  Comment the time stamp if you saw him.
Turning away a person with a cart full of food because they are not the member on the card doesn't seem like a good business decision. I realize Costco wants to sell as many memberships as possible to make their financial records look good but what's the difference if I give my relative my card to use or if I go with my relative and my card is used? It's still for someone else.
Different muffin flavor is not a “big change”.
1:14 Louie Anderson’s sis
Wasnt a fan of the cookie. It tasted good but the outer 1/4 inch was hard compared to the soft center. I took it all off and was left with a regular sized cookie that I paid $3 for.lol!
Bring back the fucking combo pizza
Yo Reddit spelled "Redit". Come on Mashable, simple spell-check?
Fresno just got a new Costco a couple of years ago. Why build a new supersized one there?
Costco has really fallen in the past 5ish years. I got fed up with all the deficiencies at Costco and cancelled my membership. None of the things mentioned in this video are earth shattering and will not make the customer experience better. Costco is also failing their employees as evidenced by the increasing interest in unionizing.  I'm happily back at Sam's where things are located in the same place as last time I was there, there is signage on each aisle, and I can use Scan n Go for a really nice shopping experience.
Still not enticed to get a membership.
So no mention of Louie Anderson in drag?
at 1:09 was it my imagination or was that Louis Anderson dressed as a woman?
And here I thought CostCo was going to lower their prices… Since there’s no Sam’s or BJs in the Pacific NW, I’ll stick with WinCo.
I love Louie Anderson!!!!
You recently opened a new warehouse in South London Ontario. Your allocation of handicap parking needs to be addressed. It seems every time I go, no matter the time of day / any day, the spaces are always full. Plus their location requires less mobile customers to cross at a very busy & congested location. When the store first opened, these spaces were located along the full side of the warehouse adjacent to the sidewalk… requiring No Traffic Crossing! I understand some complaints were people felt they had to walk too far. I for one would side on safety over distance.  Please look into reallocating the spaces alone the warehouse to solve the above issues.
Member for a year, won't be renewing. While the customer service is great and the prices on some Kirkland brand stuff competitive, the whole package doesn't justify the membership fee, especially if they're gonna raise it. Virtually useless for anyone without a large family. The parking lot zoo and crazy lines, including for gas are not worth my time, and the gas prices aren't even the cheapest. What I buy is actually cheaper at BJ's, with a lower membership fee and no craziness. Costco's like a cult and people are too easily fooled. The only thing I use them for now is my prescription. I wonder what they're gonna do reqarding scanning for that since you don't need a membership for the pharmacy
Turning away someone that's about to spend $200-$400 on groceries because they haven't spent $50 on the yearly membership doesn't sound smart
Not only to keep seating tables but to add a space for eating customers to neatly store their carts near by. That would be a proof Costco’s customer appreciation.
I love Costco, but I feel overwhelmed by the large crowds when I go there. These days, I end up spending $500 or more for three of us. Before the pandemic, it used to be around $200, but Costco remains the most cost-effective place for most of our major food needs as a family. I guess I'm not the only one who thinks so :)
The membership is expensive.
Wondering if Magic Spoon cereal has been distributed nationwide or selected stores. Haven’t seen it in the tri state area. It’s a really good healthy and delicious alternative to sugar saturated crappy ones
In October of 2022 I signed up for a membership, in December of2023 I dropped my membership! It stems from the partnership with Citi card and their underhanded practices that started the day I signed up, which is a direct reflection on Cisco!  Don’t need fifty rolls of toilet paper and I don’t need Cosco!
The title should say big changes coming to Costco in the US in 2024.  This is a very USA centric video - which is fine, but Costco is global so they should clarify.
I have never been in a Costco even though there are 2 in the city where I live. I don't feel like I'm missing anything great.
What if the .001% of people who shop with another persons card were allowed to just carry on? Would Costco lose money? No. They are making billions a year, and the products they sale have a mark up that keeps them in the black.  They have made billions increasing profit every year. This is a fiendish price gouge by Costco. Very disappointing.
its interesting that costco has lot of money spending at gate for checking card member however its struggle to find associates who can help with the product at aisle nor they have enough people to help over phone..
What line of bull sh-t.
Need to stay out of China
Canceling.
Costco asked for my email address while I was shopping in the store. I have yet to receive an email from Costco but have received false ones. They either sold the info or they've been hacked. Costco is not the end all and many items are cheaper elsewhere without buying a ton of an item you'll take a year to use up.
When Costco discontinued their Raspberry Crumble Cookies we didn't bother renewing our membership... that was the final straw for us.
Im going to hold my birthday at Costco and order a shit load of pizza
Naw fuck costco
I think the plan is to have you buy the food and take it home to eat. They probably want to cut out the restaurant in a grocery store.
Anyone else notice a few cameos from Louie Anderson's twin sister 😜
I don’t understand why Costco cares if other people share cards due to making extra sales?
Pack of six of cupcakes is perfect to share.
Hopefully it’s more vegetarian options, I’m re-newing my card then.
I keep seeing Louie Anderson
Taking out the seats is stupid! I don’t eat there much and that would clinch it. There are lots of older folks seniors disabled children that can’t use those standing tables. What has happened to the  US today  that we no longer respect and help these folks. It may make me rethink shopping there because of the lack of concern for these folks and guess what? Many abled body people don’t want to stand and eat and may take any seats for special needs people. This is very not thought out, Every so called great idea may not be the best idea or work well. Maybe people will stop eating there.
“Healthy food’ and Costco = oxymoronic.
No seats for all those fat families sitting eating giant amounts of junk for dinner…oh noooo!!!
Just don’t raise the price on the chicken!
Removing the traditional tables and benches and replacing them with standing tables will be AWFUL for Costco members with bad knees and other disabilities! The should rethink their plan.
1:10 - was that Louie Anderson?!😮
Louie Anderson in drag at the 4:23 mark.  LMFAO......😂😂😂😂
They need to keep the seats! I go to the food court area and eat with my two year old who would never be able to stand and eat at a high table.
One individual looked awfully similar to Louie Anderson. Except in a dress😂
The only 2 issues I have with these type of shop is, the lack of seating ostracizes the disabled and elderly and many are too far from public transport.
They are already behind Sam’s Club with the Scan and Go options or signs identifying what’s on each aisle.
Those cookies are amazing 😋💕💕.. The bakery cookies don’t compare. while the bakery cookies are good these are bigger, served warm, there’s a crunch on the sides but a soft delicious center with lots of chocolate chips .. perfection!  That cookie at “ Crumble” would be $4.50 and not as good🤪
I still miss the vegetarian al pastor salad.
Building a Costco in California in 130 days, good luck.
Is that Louie Anderson with a wig on 😳
Bring back the Combo Pizza. Covid was a lame excuse to get rid of it which is what I was told when it went away.
How about bringing some healthy options in the food court in Costco Canada? The food court is disgusting right now...
Prescott Arizona ISN'T Big Enough for Community it Serves!  150,000+++ in Immediate Quaud Cities area; Surrounding Counties; AND NO Other CostCo in area FLAGSTAFF & Sedona & all others in thise areas SHOP in Prescott!  How many do the have in Phoenix Metro area Arizona? Los Angeles Metro california? San Francisco Metro california?  Fortunately, Less Crazy Crowded after 6pm or when gets dark throughout the year, yet still Fairly crowded!  Flagstaff would Be a Great spot to serve them, Sedona & 1.5 hour drive radios! (It's 95++ Miles/1 hour 40 minutes from Flagstaff AZ to Prescott Az CostCo!)  What's the furthest distance 1 drives in LA, ca; SF, ca, Phx/Scottsdale Az?🤔🙄😯
Why would I want to pay to shop at a store? Me patronizing a store should be enough! Nope, membership shopping is a bunch of bull! Think about it, if you are a member, they’ve made money off of you before you have brought one item. Make this make sense, please! If you say, things are cheaper there, I’ll say the cost of the membership has cancelled your savings.
Don't worry about the churros. Sam's Club still has them for $1.
I just want them to bring back the combo pizza 🤦
Well, I have been a Costco member about 2 years now.  I have not been that impressed with their offerings during that time except for the discount I get at their gas station on fuel.  In November 2023, I bought a basic membership to Sam's Club for $15 which was probably a annual membership drive they run each year.  The membership gives me all the access I need/want from a warehouse wholesaler.  If Costco raises the cost of their basic $60 membership well, I know who will be getting the axe from my shopping experience.  😁
Just don't take the hot dog special away in North America.
As long as they don’t change their return policy
How about a 1 hour our less lane?
Cookie is WAY better than Churros😀
Was that Louie Anderson dressed as a woman?? 😂😂
Really have to use calculator when it comes to grocery items and seems like the store is more a fancy grocery outlet with a combination of their own Kirkland brand they tout to keep those items inventoried. Hate the congestion in the stores and the parking lot is a nightmare. Go there because of the import specialty items.
But this is good. I mean, they have stolen everything from us thus far, and we have learned to live on our own happily, so... Yeah, we will find our own way
my membership just renewed in end of Oct, so i won't face my rate increases til Q4 this year then. woot.
Is that Louie Anderson dressed as a woman sitting down at the table?
The only locations with the scanner is Issaquah, Washington and Southern California. It will eventually be in all warehouses once they fix bugs and glitches.
Our Costco’s food court in the 90s used to be standing tables only…that didn’t end well. So glad they learned from their mistakes *sarcasm*
Yes, scanning membership cards at the door is applying the tyrannical mask requirement where they nearly tackled you harassed you at the door before you entered. I don’t know what difference that it makes if you’re borrowing, lending  the card. It’s not like you’re selling the card for others to use the neighborhood. I don’t think that really happens. Sometimes it’s a spouse family member. Yes please go get me something. I’m in the middle of something I can’t make it today, my cards in the purse, my cards in the drawer it’s in the glove box etc. etc. get me a chicken I can’t cook tonight. We need toilet paper. I left the car in the house. Do me a favor, Go get us toilet paper. Etc. etc. etc.   It’s as if Costco thinks owns the member in someway to enforce the convenience of having a husband a wife pick up something for the member, for them.  In the support, the policies that led to inflation in such a dramatic way? Now they’re passing supporting those policies and politicians onto the members?
I wouldn’t mind magic spoon if I didn’t get disappointed each time I opened the box to find a half bag of cereal that lasts maybe 2-3 bowls for wayyyyy tooo much money
The food court sucks now
They would have to add 3 more locations in my area for me to even consider joining again. My membership was largely unused, as the mobs of people every time I went turned me off completely. I think I went a total of 3 times in a year. Never again.
I think I’m not going to renew my card I’ve had since the day Costco first opened its doors! Especially if they are raising membership prices again. I used to have a large family, now it’s me and it’s not worth enough paper towels and TP to pay that much for membership
The cookie is purely about economics.
Im with stopping NONPAYERS. Just like with Netfflix. Its THEFT.
Can I enter as non member  with a gift card which I have?
Louie Anderson @4:21
Why does Louie Anderson look like this now
The cookies suck bring back the habd dipped ice cream bars
From what I've seen compared to other warehouses, Costco isn't worth it.
Really looking forward to the Magic Spoon cereal at costco!
I love the artisan rolls at Costco, but my Verona Costco never puts out the fresh rolls until they have sold the rolls from the previous day. Not cool, Costco. P.S. their app installs may be up, but the app is mostly useless. In the past, when you clicked a product for details, it would show you the product description and price. Now when you click the product, it assumes that you want to order it with InstaCart, and only shows you their delivered price - USELESS.
February 22nd in Daytona Beach!!!   We're already circling the parking lot!
Please bring back the combo pizzas and churros! It would be nice if you could add hot coffee on the menu 😊.
I want a small Costco with just the items I want in my neighborhood.
Kallstrom Sweet Corn  , Likes
Costco is a great store, but it is a crowded battleground  drunken orgy of consumption and waste.  The older I get the less I go there.
Breakfast is *not* the most important meal of the day. That's literally marketing propaganda by Kellogg's.
First the Polish dogs and now the Churro! Oh the humanity, glad Sams still has them.
Way too much information
I LOVE that costco usually asks me 20 times a visit for my membership card. I also LOVE they only except visa credit card. I also love that they WILL NOT credit your costco credit card for a  returned item! Costco is the best😂😂
My Costco...where do I start.  Nightmare!!! The seating section is so choked that you can't get out of the store once you check out. They're literally Nazis about the  cards. Check you at the entrance, scan you before you check out, and then scan you again at the cashier. I even had someone by the meat counter do a "spot check" card on people. They've discontinued some basic things like Swiffer Wet or Maxwell House Coffee and have all this bizarre food from overseas as well as whole goats!!!! The lighting is dank & everything looks beat up....including the staff. God forbid you get some sort of pleasantries.
A 750 calorie cookie!?! Oh my
That lady with the short blonde hair resembles "Louie Anderson" 🇨🇦
Costco here is the only one for a tri city area.  To many people go to it.  Takes an hour just to get in to shop.  And takes two hours to shop and check out.  So many people just quit going.  No Parking.  It is a night mare.
They now sell the churros in the bakery section.  I had a sample, they are pretty good.
F you Cosco!!!
"Alas...But alas, ...":  Twice within four sentences??? ...Can't you find another interjection word like, say, "however?"  Who edits this junk? 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨  😑😑😑
i have never used the food court.  We don't eat hot dogs.
Their app sucks.
You do realize Reddit has two ‘d’s?
What’s parmajean?
So no sugar but colors. O..k..?
Wow! That full figured lady in the black and pinkish purple shirt with the short blond hair looks exactly like the late actor/comedian  Louie Anderson. She could be his twin.😮
Costco is such a scam
China? Company can kiss their investment and assets sunk into this disaster in making goodbye
PLEASE BRING BACK THE TURKEY PESTO PROVOLONE SANDWICH
If I scan to come in let me scan while I shop.
you wot m8?
Sounds like they're making bad changes
Costco/Citibank should improve the benefits for the Costco Visa card.  Right now the only real advantage over other cards is that you can use the Costco Visa as a Costco ID at check-out.  All the cashback goes directly to your membership benefit, so you need to wait a year to access it.  The card gives 2% back at Costco, which isn't special as there are several free 2% unlimited cashback cards, and several 3% cashback cards for warehouse stores like Costco or Sam's Club.
I had costco membership, but gave it up, there isnt one thing i cant get cheaper from so many places, obviously apart from kirkland brand crap thats not as good as brand name stuff. But with a little searching and using amazon i can have shit delivered for chepaer than membership to costco.
Louie Anderson dressing like an old lady
F Costco... The employees are trash. The customers are the dumbest people on earth.
If membership fee goes up...I'm out.  The prices are too high as is, not worth shopping there anymore.
Are they ever going to bake without palm oil ?  I'd like to not destroy the rain forests.
Costco abuses the companies they allow in the store...squeezing every bit of profit out of their sales.
Here in Canada, the selection of food items is quite crappy compared to what you have in the USA. Wish they would bring more, and better items here. And every time that I find something that the family enjoys, several years later it disappears (while still available elsewhere).  They (up here at least) need to clear  the shelves of stupid items and bring in things that will sell on a larger scale. example:  Just how many people need a paper roll holder ??
Just bring back the Supreme Pizza in the food court.
Protest the table removal buy purchasng a lawn chair, buy your lunch and sit in the chair to eat and promptly return the chair on your way out.
I definately agree the seating in the Food Court is very very important . Also, as a "one" person shopper they need to have security around the Food Court as I  have had expensive items stolen from my trolley whilst ordering the food where you have to leave your trolley aside. The ridiculous lines and delays for checkout as seen in parts of this video are by far to normal wherever the Costco I shop in various parts of the world and need to be focussed on for improvement.
when are yanks going  to learn  that  Cream Sugar  and Carbohydrates    ARE  SLOW  POISON
Their app is terrible!! The website is trash too! I dropped my membership. Shitty hours as well
If Costco raises the price of the hotdog, I will NEVER shop there again. FJB
The scanning part doesn't bother me, being followed like a criminal and getting strange attention inline with my entire body being scanned and cart searched 6 out of 10 times.
Getting rid of the benches kinda makes it difficult for kids and old people....
1 They must stop building 60s man bathroom stall designs and spending money on disinfecting.  2 They must think why someone wants to “shop out of stock items” in their app. “I uninstalled”. Amazon and Costco search sucks big time. 😂
Bring back the Onion Crank!  I'll pay $.25 more for my hotdog and coke! :D
They need to stay open later than 6pm on Saturday & Sunday. Especially Saturday.
If they had a higher membership fee for free deliver without tips, I would keep my membership, but if not, I don't get my money's worth. Walmart has free delivery without tips.
fuck churros!
COSTCO NEEDS THE SCAN N GO LIKE SAMS CLUB!!!!
Stop stopping us at the exit and treating us with suspicion after having spent out money.  This is BS!
Large Magic Spoon cereal at Costco!  YES!! Churros gone, standing to eat, and higher membership not good news.
I'm still waiting for when I can get my law degree at Costco.
No more membership fees?
Costco's losin it a little bit.
Costco is my least favorite  bulk store. App sucks and you can't compare  in store items with other stores. Self check out requires one to empty the cart to scan and place each item on counter. Other wholesale clubs have guns at each register so we can scan what's in the cart.
😲I though Louie Anderson passed away.
I wouldn't call that "big changes"...
I might cancel my Costco membership if they make me scan my card. they already look at my receipt as if im a thief.
Any word on expanding the number of Costco Car Washes?  🚙
Idk why I'm watching this, don't even like them.
Just get someone a $25 gift card.  That allows them in the door and allows them to check out without being a paying member.
Finally Louis Anderson has a starring roll.
We want the churro back!!! Everyone wants the the churro back.
@1:10 holy shit is that louie Anderson?
New CEO is making a lot of changes that aren't good for the employees. Less work hours and changes to shift times that make it harder for employees to do their job.  Part of having products ready in the bakery is early shift hours to prepare/bake the items. Hard to do it later when the store is open and customers are in need of assistance.
Memberships is nothing but a  billion dollar scam . If everyone stopped buying memberships, they would be pleading for you to come shop there for free . Can you imagine that they are making billions of dollars per year on memberships and when you’re on your way out , they treat you like a criminal by stopping you so they can check your receipt to see if you stole something when they are the ones stealing from everyone through memberships under the guise of saving money. When I went there to shop I always seem to save nothing and spend way too much.
Nice vocal fry
Bring Costco to Milling Tennessee. We need one
They REALLY need to add payments through their app. I want to scan my own items and pay for it without waiting in their HUGGGGGGGE lines. Copy what Sams Club is doing with their app. It'll save them cashiers.
The Loomis Ca is 1 mi from me…
cookies instead of the churro was a mistake
Dx as somebody who dislikes chocolate chip cookies; I see this as a terrible idea.
A huge thank you for hiring a REAL human VO to narrate this! She sounds great!
Imagine if Costco and IKEA became one
Ever since they opened the door to the public, we Shouldn’t have to pay membership anymore ….🤔  (think about it)
Fix the bloody self checkout process. Costco is getting obliterated by Sam's Club Scan & Go. The difference is night and day.
The blond lady in the black sweater looks like Louie Anderson
Alas! The only cereals I like are Cheerios and Grape Nuts. I haven't liked sugary cereals since the early 70s.
Standing tables for eating and a big fat no!!!! So often, I relied on those tables when my kids were tiny so we could sit and have a quick meal. I hope they don’t ditch seating
No churro, no memebership
Why has Costco Canada discontinued the coffee at the food court? We do not have the cheeseburger or the brisket at the food court either.
THE COOKIE IS DELICIOUS 😂
Better have BETTER communication with people! I tried to get an anti-phishing site from those people and got NO WHERE!
They need a “scan and go” feature in their app so badly! I HATE waiting in the checkout lines, for this reason alone I went with Sams Club, even though I feel like Costco has better products. As soon as they incorporate a scan and go type functionality I will switch to Costco.
“Welcome to Costco. I love you.”  From the film Idiocracy
Man….F that cookie. Churros forever!!
Keep the seating.
I have to day the Chocolate Cookie is amazingly good.  Stopped by Costco just to pick up more cookies.
In Alberta, Canada, Costco items are not a "deal" any longer.  Same prices as local retail and grocery stores, and not half the selection of items available in any average American Costco.
Ummmm how and why, does Louie Anderson seem to be in this entire video? 😳🤷🏻‍♂️😂 God rest. 🙏🏽
If the churro was so popular why take it away?
Thanks, I HATE IT.
Get rid of the samples, raise the membership price to $500, bring back the polish dog.
Costco cakes, pies, and muffins are too sweet and loaded with calories.  Do they care about the health of their customers?
the hot dogs, smoothies, and pizza, all that food better stay the same price i swear to god
Finally.
The polish dog is the best bring it back!
Who cares about the cookie! Stupid
Man the Churro was actually a better choice. A cookie for that price is dumb. I barely even got the Churro but know it’s better. You can buy a box a cookies for like $10z
Standing-only tables are a no-go for me. As a person with disabilities I can’t do that.
Has Costco added a Scan&go feature to its app that is the same or better than Sam’s Club?  The absence of that fantastic feature is a dealbreaker for my needs.  I prefer not to drag a load of warehouse goods to a random cashier or slow, overcrowded self-checkout kiosk.
COSTCO NEEDS TO DITCH THAT CRAPPY PEPSI!
Costco has been so disappointing in the last few years.  This whole membership card fiasco is ridiculous.  Ironically, the raise in membership fees is coming just a few months after they started this.  Since they expected all these illegal users to get a membership, and reality was they didn't...we now have to make up the profit loss from this decision.  Also, since membership fees are what covers Costco's bills, anytime anything becomes more expensive (think inflation), they have to raise their membership fees as they can only impact profit (all sales) for a short period of time.  I used to have a business and shopped at Costco for most of my food needs - however, since then I have been transitioning to BJ's (delivery) and Sams Club (delivery).  With all the changes happening now and in the near future, I may cut ties, even though I have been a member for 30 years.  Just my opinion, but Costco is different now and not what it used to be.  I would love it if Sam's Club came back to this part of the country.  Plenty of people I know would go there instead of Costco in a heart beat.  I mean, I wouldn't be able to purchase that not quite cooked all the way chicken!  Oh darn.
ALL Too Much…Sugar…..Obesity is Running Rampant along with..Diabetes…Wake Up People😱😱
Prices are getting high. Noticed the big jump this month.
How about putting a bathroom not only in the front of the store for people but in the back also.
Poison “Food.”  Respect your body & don’t eat this toxic junk.  ☠️☠️☠️🤮🤮🤮
They need beds by the food area, so I can lay down and take a nap after I eat my 700 calorie cookie!
4:22 is that Louie Anderson ?
The magic spoon news is clutch. I see you, Mashed. Saving the best for last.
Processed sugar free cereal is still garbage!
Costco? No thanks. The food they sell may taste good but it is deadly from a health perspective.
prices need to drop
I am 100% behind the idea of better screening at the gate.
As somebody who survived without Costco for many years and just decided to try (because they gave a membership almost free this time) I can tell that other than selling a huge non-practical packages the prices are very high for 90% of items! Gonna use it sporadically when I need to buy food to host a party.
Costco needs to raise rates for profitability but can built 31 new stores. I may drop out completely since there’s only two of us but may be good for families to purchase large amounts!
More gluten free food at thr food court please
See Louie Anderson is in the video dressed up as a woman!
Is that Louie Anderson in the black dress? 3:50 I was joking, but the teeth are a match! 4:25
Sounds like Costco paid for this YouTube program
No chocolate!  Bring back the churros!
THEY BETTER NOT RAISE THE PRICE OF THE EFFIN' HOT DOG!!!
I thought a Costco member was allowed to enter with a friend / guest (non-member). This video is unclear whether the new scan represents a change in that.
I get it.  This is a commercial for cereal.
At least they can stop being fake nice now. Anyone who expects you to stand and eat food does not have your best or any interest in you. Except for your wallet of course.
I thought Louis Anderson died, but here he is in this video.
Costco does not like it’s customers, but yet the zombie customers still give their money!!
But most importantly will they change the favouritism of certain employees over others? The 6 Costco's I've worked at in my lifetime were favoritism galore.
Is that Louie Anderson dressed as a woman?
1:10m mark. Is that Louie Anderson portraying a woman shopping at Costco? 😅
Costco was planning on opening in a Previous Sears store attached to a Mall. A lot of people including the City Council liked this. Then idiots protested. Bottom Line, Costco decided to not go ahead with the plan. Thanks Karen! 🤬
All the ingredients change on the food court menu. Take the cookies out is too darn sweet.
I sometimes show my Discover card when I go to Costco just to see if the person checking for membership is really paying attention. They always nod their head and I go in. I've never been stopped from entering at Costco or Costco Business Center. I am a current Costco member but I like to do non-invasive security audits for fun.
I've been a member for 10 years and it's kinda sad that Costco is creating some awful policies lately. I avoid the self checkout area now because there's always an employee holding up the line. At the entrance I've seen too many people be yelled at when they clearly said that they are using the pharmacy which by law they cannot require membership for. I actually went into Sams Club recently because they sent me a free membership coupon to test it out. And I was surprised. Employees never bother you at all. Their selection is smaller but it's all there. If enough Costco members give Sams Club a try quite a few will switch just to have an easygoing experience without the annoying garbage that Costco is pushing on loyal customers.
Chocolate cookie ... booooooo
costco doesnt do it for me, small selections, no parking and not enough good value items. Also removing the seats would remove me forever
Costco app needs scan and go like sams club. waiting in line is why I hate going to costco. Ill most likely not renew unless they add this feature before my membership expires.
Is that luie anderson in drag?
Chocolate cupcakes are too good!
Raising its rates to stay profitable, it already very profitable without raising its rates
Noooooo!!! Not the churros! Pizza and churros are my go too there!!!!!!!!
Let me use my Mastercard!!
A diabetic dream......Americans don't need more options of sweets!
Is that Louie Anderson in Drag?
That lady they keep showing in the Costco store looks like Louie Anderson!
Magic Spoon cereal is a huge disappointment. We bought several varieties and while the idea is great, the taste is severely lacking. Some had a more chemical taste while others just lacked any flavor at all. I told them in my review to hire new taste testers as the ones they used were comparing apples to oranges and trying hard to convince us we were wrong. Good luck Costco. You should have done a survey on this one before the contract. We eventually tossed it as the chickens wouldn’t even eat it. 🤮
I have a physical disability that prevents me from standing still for more than about 5 minutes.  After that I have to sit down to take pressure off my hip.  I hope they leave some handicap tables.
costco is the world's biggest scam and you are all falling for it
Many people are surprised to learn that over 80% of the revenue generated by Costco comes from their membership dues.
Now if they could just take payment types OTHER than Visa, that’d be great
Farm raised fish and bake goods loaded with Canola oil which causes blood problems in your body! Canola oil is motor oil !
If the Churros go, there is no reason not to go to Sams.
Would love to see them do pickup services but supposedly that takes up too much time for the employees.
There some people that just can’t stand that long to eat a piece of pizza and WHY would they get rid of the most popular item such as their churro, that’s absolutely idiotic👎👎👎
Worker need to Unionize   Have a fair say
We switched to BJs it’s closer to us and is the only Wholesale Club that lets you pay cash for gas. We also get a discount on our membership as my husband is a Veteran AND we also save five cents per gallon on our gas. Their food court is basically a snack bar but we are going there for that we go there to shop and then go home to enjoy our spoils. 🙂🐈🐈‍⬛💖🌈
1: I haven't had to pull out my card at the door in such a long time.   I couldn't imagine scanning technology, sounds like a good way to spend a whole lot of money, and then raise prices on something else in order to pay for it. 2: New leadership is what I'm worried about, the past leader already turned prices at the food court on it's ear in an upward fashion for everything but hot dogs and pizza and that's only because I think the original owner required those stay the same price. 3.  I'm fine with the churros going away, the new "twisted" churros didn't have the same soft interior, and while they were only 50 cents more that translated to a 50% increase in price.   The replacement cookies are a slap in the face and showing exactly what that "new leadership" is doing,  replacing a $1.50 item with a $2.50 item. 4:  Increased membership price, see #2 above.   Surprised they haven't removed the cashback on the credit card either. 5:  I'm not sure why they would remove seats unless they're trying to reclaim that space for something else in the store.   But I will say at one Costco where the food court is inside and there are precious few seats that people always save before they even have their food, I'm ok with the seats going away maybe then it will be possible to have a table where I can put my food and eat .  6: I'm guessing the sponsor of the ad was Magic Spoon and it really has nothing to do with Costco, but that is the most over priced cereal ever,  a tiny box of it cost $10.   Say what you will about low sugar, etc etc,  $10 is too damn much.
Churro gone. Chocolate cookies in? What a load of crap. What's next the $1.50 hotdog and drink? Sounds like wall street is about to turn it to shit.
Costco app still sucks ass. The only reason I use it is to get through the door and pay at the register. Buying anything through the app is counterintuitive and confusing.
The Costco in Merida, Yucatan is wonderful....AND CRAZY!!!!! Countless times I have walked in and walked out because the lines are 20 meters (more than 60 feet) and that is with every cash register working! MERIDA, YUCATAN NEEDS ANOTHER COSTCO... AND, IN FACT, THEY COULD SUPPORT 2 NEW STORES!!! I have talked with the managers and they ALL agree.  HELLO Costco.... you are loosing money. You sell out of products (in your bakery) by 2pm. The store is totally insane all day and every day!
Reddit, not Redit
Don't know why people like Costco, they are expensive. Prefer Sam's Club.
1:11 Louie Anderson's sister
Im in fresno YES
I don’t understand when people love their apple pies why they don’t make apple pies in the summer when apples are around and easy to get
If they raise the price again I'm out. I'll stick with Amazon's ridiculously high price, at least I don't have to drive to the store, circle the parking lot for 10 minutes then wait in line for another 10-15 minutes.
You all should not get so upset as the food there is very unhealthy
THOSE NASTY ASS CHURROS WERE HARD AS A ROCK ANYWAYS!!
Honestly, Costco taking away sitting tables at food courts at all locations making them standing only is like an ADA lawsuit or something waiting to happen 🤷‍♀️ I honestly think they should keep the tables and chairs. There’s elderly and disabled people too that cannot stand for long periods.
If you stand you wont stay too long and the new customer will eat instead of turning away
at 4:23 Is that Louie Anderson?
Since when is Costco a restaurant. It’s too crowded to begin with. People want to get in and out after standing on long lines. What people should be concerned about is when they increase membership. Will it still be worth it. Because they check membership at the door and you must be a member to use the food area and get gas. If they go up in price is it still worth the seating. lol…
I wish they would bring back their big cinnamon rolls😊
On my latest visit to Costco, a large number of the items on my shopping list ended up being discontinued. This may result in my membership renewal being ‘discontinued’. Anyone else have the same problem?
I gave up on the Food Court the day they said no cash.
If Costco really wanted to score big-time they need to put ALL of the cashiers checkouts at a 45 degree angle that would allow you to merge into those choked down exit lanes. And yes my local warehouse has literally turned into a freeway needing a merge lane from payment all the way to the theft verification exit.
‼️‼️Love the Food Samples ✅✅✅😍😋😋😋💯💯💯💯💯
8 dollr loaf of bread????   ill pass
Sams club sucks!
Is that Louie Anderson?  😅
No more fruitcake?
Pisses me off that I  can't give my son (who lives with me) my card to go and pick up things for ME. His ID shows he lives at the address on the account. That should suffice.
Anytime they get something good that is keto, they eventually get rid of it. For instance, the Kirkland brand protein bars. While they still have them, they change the ingredients and raised that carbs from 2 to 5 net carbs, to 10 plus net carbs. Also, they had those keto ice cream bars. They stopped carrying them. When I called the ice cream company, they said Costco decided to stop carrying them. I have other examples, but you get the point. In the past I have also put suggestions in Costco's box, but they don't care. BJ's is no different.
One of the things I like about the Sam's Club app, even though I hate shopping there, is that you can scan your items and checkout online. Then you show your phone receipt when leaving the store. This would greatly reduce the time to check-out.
Fresno is the start of the COVID LAB
Just grab an electric shopping cart and head for the food court
They took away the veg pizza 😢
Works for me.
Costco needs to bring back the crab-stuffed salmon.  That was one of our family go-to meals in a pinch.  We would have it at least a couple of times a month.
We need scan-and-go technology asap and much earlier opening times.
Don't people get it, they slowly take away thing we like. A new CEO climbing the ranks, how many asses did this guy kiss. I just walked in with a family, I was disgusted as to how much our society is exposed to unhealthy food, all clothes, products from China we are so entitled, all this division in our country will put an end to this place. 🇺🇲🇺🇲🇺🇲🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Too bad, half the food they sell is just poison in a box/container... read the ingredients people.
As a Senior I go to get a hotdog and wind up spending a ton of money in the store! Yes, take away the seats and save me a lot of money!
Had the new food court cookie last week— I’m converted from the churro …but beware you’ll need a locomotive to push all that sugar and calories thru your veins. 😂
It's interesting how they're building a Costco in Loomis, there's a sign that says population 6000 something for Loomis when I drive past there.
Magic spoon, cereal. Most of the cereal protein comes from the milk not really the cereal just letting you all know.
Stop, stop buying Chinese made products... I won’t buy anything made in China!!
I still don’t understand the membership card . So if I use my husband card to buy stuffs he has to be there with me ?
BRING BACK THE SUPREME PIZZA........
What happened to the New York cheese cake? That was delicious! 2 years ago they hid the toilet paper!
Please answer this question .Does every Costco have abundant electric Scooters for the elderly??? And can I call my local Costco store for Avon Ohio?  I can’t find this information on your website. Does my husband have to buy a membership also?
Does Costco still makes great pizza please e spend topping 😊
Well, the store Wi-Fi will be great if they can work inside the stores. Your Wi-Fi sucks that’s what you should work on.
Sitting is the new smoking. Get off your behind while your shoveling your that cookie in your pie hole. Cutting edge, Costco, cutting edge 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I guess they’re trying to get the kids to buy those big cookies I rather go to a regular bakery like Costco and get a box better yet Sprouts has some really good cookies a lot cheaper than Costco! WHAT? You didn’t like the Mexican churros anymore!!
Please keep tables at the Costco in Avon Ohio and Strongsville Ohio locations I am disable in wheelchair. 😐😉
They need to fix their self checkout as youre force to put every item on scale even the heavy ones to check out. Thee employees are not always there to help you scan on the weekdays to avoid this. Their employees scan on cart is the most efficient way for fast check out but theyre only there on the weekends. They need to get rid of employees scan on belt.
Costco is fabulous!
"New leadership" sounds ominous.
As a new Costco member, I was surprised that how limited their App is.  In my area, we have 3 Costco's and 4 Sam's Clubs.  Via my App or online, I can search the store inventory, for each individual Sam's.  Not so with Costco.  Not worth the special trip to Costco, only to search for what they "might" have in stock.  With the Costco App, seems I can only determine what I can order...not what's actually available in store.  As for Sam's, I can check there inventory before I go....per individual stores....been doing that for years now.
Omg more to obesity
A lot of this information is false!!!
We need one, Costco, South of Bend, OR! Instead you’re moving the NEW store North! Farther away, I don’t get it!!
130 days to build a Costco??? Can we use the same builders to build homes in Canada???  PLEASE ❤
It would be a better store if the cashiers would stop yelling at customers for buying food with with their wife's membership card while the wife just went to the restroom. Delete the transaction put all the food back in the cart pull the cart to the side then the wife comes back from restroom and ring all the food up again. Great customer service costco. Not
Don't think Canada's Costco has churros tho. :(
The Costco app is 🚮. The Sam's app is workds better
Costco the store of lines.. Line to get in,  Line to check out, and Line to exit, what a huge pain in the ass. Sam's Club is way better for the customer experience!!
Take away seats? What about the elderly? Disabled? Younger kids who can’t see the tops of tables?   Btw cookies for >$2-3 I’d rather buy from the bakery…  Also… for the executive membership level it needs an update to compete with other membership stores that has unique hours etc
Canada (alberta) Foodcourt menu is just sad. Took away a lot of items.  all that's left is the hotdog, chicken strips/fries, ice-cream, and pizza.  They've really cutback.
So Louis Anderson is a woman now and shops at Costco? Kinda hard to fly under the whole “died” thing when he/ she is featured in the food court segment…
My big con on Costco's Bakery is that many packaged items' can only be bought in twos.  As a household of two  people we pass on these items and pick them up at our Sam's Club.
The cookie was horrible. I wouldn't pay a dollar for it again.
The double chocolate chunk cookies is good. My grandkids & me love it. Sam's Club churros are better than Costco. I also prefer Sam's Club Scan & Pay through your smartphone.
My only complaint with Costco is that they open too late in the morning, ours opens at 10:00 AM, I'm sure there's a lot of early risers that would appreciate 8 AM
Stand and eat ??? Costco is stupid… I would go to In &Out burger and SIT and eat and spend my money there if I have to stand and eat at Costco…. Who comes up with these idiotic ideas
Costco should focus their attention on better merging their online/internet operations with the stores.  Inventory isn't consistent, prices aren't consistent, customer service isn't consistent... it's a mess.  Plus their stores are still running on outdated computer systems, half the time they can't look up past transactions and then hassle you about their problems.  And the whole "show your card at the entrance door" and "show your receipt at the exit door" bit is just antiquated nonsense - a way to keep people employed while using an overarching control mechanism.  Why do people tolerate this crap?
So while I don't give a crap about the churro myself, they decided it was a good time to discontinue something that so many people have loved for years?   And decided it was a good time to take chairs away?  That is pretty stupid, but typical of corporate overlords who are completely out of touch with the public.
wish all products were USA and not China !
Its not a restaurant, its a STORE. Make the food take-out only if tables are being taken out, problem solved!
That cup cake pack looks like instant sugar diabetes
I am suspicious of the App idea. I worry that it will lock me into a credit card I don’t want. My punishment for not using their app and credit card will be to stand in line to check out with fewer checkout lines. If the app is not tied to a Costco credit card I may consider using it.
I shop at Costco in Mexico and it's one of the only stores that hasn't used inflation as an excuse to raise prices higher than needed.  Many products I buy haven't changed prices  at all while our local Walmart prices increase frequently.
Costco member for at least 25 years, I’ve never eaten at the food court. My goal has always been to get in and out as quickly as possible.
What about Scan and Go so you can scan the products with your phone and pay on your phone and not have to wait in line.  This is literally the only reason I shop at Sam’s because I don’t have time to wait in the long lines at Costco.
I think I saw Louie’s sister.
American cereals are disgusting!
Almost half the population of my city is 55+ - removing the seating from the food court will be a DISASTER.
The bakery section at Costco sucks. Everything is packed with sugar and the quality is lacking. The French baguette has only the name. It is dense and it is absolute garbage. I shop there for fruit and vegetables. Costco must do better to improve the quality and the service.
I see way more people just sitting than actually eating.
Ditched Costco long ago. It’s a shithole.
Costco required masks during the planned fludemic. NO THANK YOU, masks are for government subjects.
Trying to convince wife NOT to renew Costco. Can't speak for anywhere else, but here in Newfoundland, the prices are absolutely ridiculous. You used to be able to save money when going to Costco, not now. We used to go at least once a week. Now, it's every 3 to 4 weeks. The QUANTITY you get for the MONEY you spend, to me, it's just not worth it.
Generally not happy with Costco these days. Unless it’s a clearance item the prices are just not that good. Butcher will not package smaller quantities, Eye Center offers no guarantees, pharmacy doesn’t do Medicare part B billing check out lines including self check out are too long and interfere with other isles. Constant movement of merchandise is annoying, they don’t sell distilled water hours are not convenient start too late, technology markdowns are misleading as their markdown is subtracted from full manufacturers suggested retail which no one uses terrible list of ingredients in their baked products.  Their mobile app is an absolute disaster compared to someone like Sam’s Club. Sam’s Club scan and go is definitely needed at Costco
The lady customer seen at 3:48 and again at 4:23 has got to be comedian Louie Anderson’s sister!
Raising the membership fees to remain profitable??? Seems like Costco is doing just fine with all the openings in the US and overseas.........seems like the CEO wants a bigger paycheck!!
I'm still not over what they did to my combo pizza 😢
Let's see how Florida Members react to Costco removing seats.
Strongly suggest people look into Sams club.  Membership is half the price of CC.
With all the must shop items in the video, I cannot help but to conclude Mashed is a sugar and processed food junkie.
Bring back combo pizza!!!!
F’ COSTCO!!! PLENTY OF STORES TO SHOP BESIDES THAT CRAP AS(s) STORE! 😂🤣😂 SALES WILL GO DOWN AND I WILL LOOK FORWARD TO SEEING THEM GO D-O-W-N!!! 🤣😂🤣
Just don’t quit selling the 4.95 roasted chicken.
I love Costco. Which is why seeing a $2.49 cookie hurts my heart all the more.
Bring back the combo Pizza, ain't going to happen for some reason.
Nothing like an $8 loaf of bread to make you feel frugal.
They need more washrooms in the stores. People who have issues walking distances quickly or other more personal health issues.
Over two dollars for a cookie 😳
I miss the double dipped ice cream bar and the bbq sandwich
They need to bring back Harry's Baked Beans With Brisket.
Mashed has sold its soul.
Sam’s app is far more superior.
I live in Ocala, FL. There are about half a million people in this county but no Costco. I really want Costco to open a store here.
Costco’s revenue depends on membership fees to a significant degree. Card sharing deprives the company an important source of funds. It is irritating to have someone without a membership block the checkout lines when they are caught.
Highly intelligent, NOT! Depending on facial-recog tech when Macy's has just been sued for that. Facial recog software has also been shown to be biased against people of color. Bye-bye Costco, you just signed your corporate death warrant.
Congratulations to magic spoon
I do not like the food court any more. The kiosk ordering is terrible. It’s making me question renewing my membership. I don’t like any of the changes.
SAMS much much better
Costco thinks everyone wants to steal from them.  Their stuff is not cheap anyway without personal services -  with a $60 membership.  They are counting each item before leaving the store.  I stopped shopping for them for 2 years and supported my local grocers.
Scanned at the door in what way?  Please tell me this won't be some "facial recognition" nightmare that would make customers quit Costco.
The magic spoon cereals are awe full.  Stay away from it.
Not just seniors need seating at the food court, families with young children too! Can’t tell you how often we have fed our children there after shopping. Personally it’s a nice way to rest after pushing a heavy cart around the store.
What a terrible channel
proving again that Costco does not care about its customers... they only care about profits. used to enjoy shopping then sitting down for a bite to eat before leaving. my membership expires soon and i won't renew it any more. been a customer since about 1999.
Scan / Pay in the App and walk out of the store.  No need to go to checkouts.    We need this.
Hmmmm our rates went up a few years ago
Please make a scan yourself out option on the app. Sam's and bjs has it I would give them both up and stay true to Costco exclusively if they did . Pleeeeeaaase.
What's with this lady's fry in her voice where at the end of every single sentence she sounds like she's eating gravel?
People who are eating at the food court need to eat quickly and move to the next people can sit there they take all day and there’s no seats
Redit? Did you mean Reddit?
I'm cutting back on buying from box stores. With all the price gouging I think it's only fair to stop buying from these places.
Bring back Chicken if the sea white albacore tuna. Costcos is awful. Also bring back kielbasa!
Costco product quality has been going down for the last several years.
I see no difference from a Costco to a Sam's Club to a BJ's! They all sell the same stuff.
I left Costco and went to Sam’s Club and I Love it. Several family members are friends have done the same. Costco will surly lose more customers with some of the changes. Sam’s club and Smart and final are other options.
Great! Get rid of the ta Les and get stand up tables in food court.  So, …buy all our food, then buy some really cheap crap in our food court, but stand only long enough to swallow it and then ‘get the heck out’.
Yummm
I cancelled my Costco membership due to lack of any recognizable brands and kept my Sam’s instead.
I thought Louie Anderson was dead?
What about shut ins who send their caregiver to shop on their behalf?
I can make chocolate chip cookies anytime at home……. Not churros so I would prefer having a churro treat! No thank you on the cookie!
Their churros aren't worth it anymore anyway. They used to be really good, but when Costco decided to change the food court menu and make it healthier, they started putting less of the cinnamon sugar coating on the churros, and they were just disappointing. My guess is they're taking them off the menu because the sales have probably dropped.
Yeah,  I'm not scanning anything but a card. This, to me, is a step toward facial recognition WEF? Why do I think this? Because the person who was in charge is leaving after many years. New guy is revamping entire system. It means first guy was let go. Remember covid? When only big box businesses were allowed to stay opened? Yeah, this all seems odd. Another reason is because Sam's will be installing large body scanners that everyone has to walk through when leaving the store. Coincidence that both big box stores are installing scanners? I won't be walking through any scanners. I'm not having my medical data, driver's license, credit cards, ... probably scans your cell phone data and place makers. The wealthy sell data, big money maker.  Get a huge RIF wallet. Just look how every insurance and medical facility has had a data breach since covid. And no one is liable anymore. Here's some chocolate cream pie everybody, but please walk through our scanners first..... NO! Cancel membership first.
Bring back the polish... 😋😋😋
they need to spread out their locations.  there are 8 in my state.  3 are on top of each other 1.5 hrs away.  another 3 on top of each other 2.5 hours away and another 2 that are fairly close to each other 3-4hrs away.  there are also 2 right next to each other in the bordering state 5hrs away.  my city is growing pretty fast and sure could use one.  hate shopping at our local walmart which hardly ever has anything in stock thanks to the lazy, incompetent and rude employees.
If seating goes away, so will my membership.
I just got the cupcakes and they were delicious. Not too sweet but definitely reminiscent of oreos.
I don't care for Costco ... they make me think of Socialist governments!
More Costco employees unionized please
If the eating place has a problem with the tables, then close the eating place. That should take care of the whole problem.
Why in the world would somebody want cheese and rice in the same bite gonna have to buy Ex-Lax like
If they raise our rates, they run the risk of dropping a significant number of clients and customers because at some point, it’s simply not worth it
More organic healthy choices not more sweets
How about building one, and most major cities off of interstates?
I wish I put in bran muffins with raisins and pineapple
Just so cancer patients can still buy organics in the way of vegetables and meat, and get even a wider variety of clean sourced food.
Inflation is out of control. Costco needs to ignore ALL government data as it is a total LIE.
So you’re going to make the  handicap and seniors citizens stand alone period of time. Sounds like a lawsuit to me.
I love the new Cookie. But I also love the Churros. Why doesn't Costco keep both?
🤔 Costco also needs to be mindful of the new economic norms, realizing that in 2024 most families are forced to now live together. Families consisting of multiple generations; so more than one person can use a Costco card (i.e. 2) as long as they're in the same household. If they start changing that they're going to lose a lot of customers, because there's not enough smaller businesses around these days to keep them running. 😅 Time will tell🖤
Sam’s Club “Scan and Go” is an awesome feature that Costco needs to adopt.
Wow. The largest Costco will be built in the Shoplifting capitol of the world. California. Of course it will.
I have visited a few Costco stores. Some of them have really long lines. They need to double the number of checkout lines and always have all lines open. Seeing a line of people 20 or more deep is really annoying. They also need to cater to single people who don't want to buy 40 rolls of toilet paper at one time or big ketchup bottles only in bundles of three.
Shitty changes for a shitty company
What evil person decided that eating should be a standing-only thing? I can hear it now — Get the customers to eat quickly and LEAVE!
Are they getting better quality hearing aids plushprogrammers that are good 👍👍👍👍
I went to Costco last week with my son,who had his own membership and I also have a membership, but I forgot my wallet and he went back to get some bakery goods and I waited in line. They were completely rude to me (75 years old) even after I explained the circumstances and that I had my own membership. It was a terrible experience that I never expected from Costco 😮😢😮
I think there should be cart driving lessons included in the membership and renewal letter.. If everyone kept their carts on one side of the isles it would get rid of a lot on congestion and angry people. Thanks.
Costco pays full time employees very well, but it uses a lot of part timers that are paid considerably less….
Bring back the pulled pork bbq sandwich.
Bring back the churros!😢
3:50  is that Louie Anderson?
There is a Costco Business Solutions that is much bigger than normal Costco stores.  The item sizes are 2 to 5 times bigger than normal Costco.  Check your city.
Of all the Costco stores that I have shop,the one that was the busiest is the one near town in honolulu,hi  just getting into the parking lot and into the store was a job and a half.
If I’m not wrong, when Costco first opened, all it had was stand up tables.
Which Costco warehouses are union?
Nothing beat the big container of croissants 🥐🥐🥐
Holy Crap ! I thought Louie Anderson was dead but you found him at Costco @1:11
I would like to see healthier options, sugar free items made with avocado, olive, or coconut oil. True organic foods are always appreciated.
4:21 Louie Anderson!
Our card is under my name, so if my wife uses it, is she going to be able to get in???😮
Yet they still don’t add a Scan n Go like Sam’s club has…
Why would you take away a most popular item and replace it with something not so popular??????😮
I work at Costco.....bye tables😂
Sam's Club must be a great place to work because there are so many of their employees commenting here.
Standing tables in a food court will not fly in the land of obesity
$2.50 for a cookie is a ripoff
….Was that Louie Anderson?
Does this all apply to the Canadian Costco's?
Personally, I have no use for Costco. Everything in their electronics department I can buy cheaper elsewhere or online. Huge pickle or mustard jars are pointless for me. The membership fee isn't worth it and a complete turnoff to the shopping experience.  We have a new Costco opening up in my city most likely this summer. I dislike large box stores in general. I don't like to walk 20 km to buy a box of cereal, a loaf of bread and other sundry items. I know a few people with membership cards and wonder what the attraction is. I think a lot of it is FOMO, and not much more.
We shop Costco in part to AVOID the exploitive App hussel that every store running. No Costco App!
Is that Louie Anderson in drag?
I don’t who the stupid person is deciding at Costco, we don’t chairs to seat at their food court. Is totally out of touch with people and reality. Again instead of making it easier for their customers to go there. They’re getting rid of them by making it impossible for the elderly and disabled to shop there. I’m not elderly or disabled but I will stop going there if they decide to remove the chairs and tables at the food court.
😂
Standing table...
Costco is stupid as hell, when I am in the store, with people I know, they should be able to shop, or at least do split card payment, god damn
I used to go to Costco, but let my membership expire. I was thinking of going back, but now I probably wont. Thanks for the update.
I've tried the cookie- it's almost hot when they give it to you. Fresh from the oven. Delicious . My kids loved it too
I've had the pie it's good but wow its rich.
There are two stores near me.  Both stores have very poor connectivity to my phone.  Is that intentional or am I just in a place where the stores are located in poor reception areas?
China? The country where slave & child labor are still in practice. They are sworn enemies of the U.S., allies with Russia, Iran who chants death to the USA
Inflation is not moderating!!!!
I don't think the new CEO will last.
Might as well as take out the food court then!
they do not need to raise the membership fee...they have already raised prices on the products..ie. raspberries were $4.99, now are >$8.00 up to $12.00 at Christmas time.  prices on tuna, eggs, milk, etc has gone up
Hmm,  Louie Anderson's mom shops at costco
3:51 Omg Louie Anderson lives.....as a women?
Remove the seating section completely, and rid the store of all those sampling stations that clog up the aisle as shoppers act like trained seals fighting over a free morsel.
The Buffalo NY location is on a two year build schedule because.... Buffalo
Costco is barely worth the fees now.  I started as a Gold member, but reduced to sta😊ndard 5 yrs ago.  The standing only tables are a hard no, I don't need a cookie, and l don't share my card.  They seem to be going the way of many big box stores and Rome, spread out, piss off the citizen's, and fall.  The pay increase for new employees is the same thing they do to teachers.  Costco is more trendy than cost effective. I price checked and only purchase items that are truely money savers.  Knowing this I only need to go once a month, that is the biggest money saver.
Yay they are bringing back the garlic loaf🎉 that was a favorite of ours, however, it didn’t have parmesan cheese
Is it me or the big lady looks like Louie Anderson as a lady 😮
There's always other shopping options, like Sam's Club or Aldi's, if we don't like the Costco changes.
Why would I buy cupcakes for just myself? If I’m going to Costco? I’m going for a family who the hell goes to Costco when they’re single shut up lady the hell
What Costco needs to do, is the following three things: 1) add more checkouts 2) lower their prices 3) package bulk items in counts and weights that can be compared with their competition. They will never do this because those three changes would prove to the loyal members that they are no cheaper than anyone else.
I wouldn't want to eat standing. I like to sit down and enjoy the food I paid for. I don't eat standing at home either 😅
One of our favorite parts of our new Costco membership is the food court. If we couldn’t sit down honestly we would probably just cancel the membership.
I have no self control. I shouldn’t even be watching this
GREED AND MORE GREED COMING.😂
Sams club million time better than their bullshits.
They stopped selling Essentia 😢
Take ALL the seats out, make these people get in, get their product and get out instead of sitting there for hours! NICE!
How about building a new one in Brooklyn NY to relieve the pressure on the only one there
I recently went to a Costco (first time) for a Covid immunization.  It is mind boggling.  The noise, the people, the hugeness of the place - not for me, I couldn't wait to get out of there.  Once outside, I took a breath of air and even though the parking lot was a mess it was better than inside.  I really have to wonder if the prices are such deals as people think they are.
Costco needs to add the scan and pay option like Sam’s club. Just fill your cart once and go to the exit attendant, instead of having to unload your cart, scan the items yourself and then reload the cart only to get to your car and unload again. Totally   Unexceptable in 2024.
If you increase the membership you could lose a lot of customers who are on fixed income.  I won’t pay 2.50 for a cookie that’s for sure.  The cost of everything is going up everywhere and I have noticed that Costco’s prices are super high on many of their things. I really like shopping at Costco but I guess I would need to figure out the cost of the membership going up to what I really save in buying and the money you receive at the start of the new year.  Tfs:)
There are more than just Costco USA.
Standing tables at the food court would suck..not sure why they would do that
Costco in Toronto sells the best chicken wings I’ve ever had
That's nothing. Our Costco opened the food court into the tire shop, and I smells horrible.
Not sure they can get away with taking the seated tables due to all the laws protecting the elderly in the USA.  They need to do the same App self check out feature available at SAMs, scan and pay from your cart and cruise out of there skipping the long lines.
The huge greeter needs an attitude and boot up his butt adjustment, he doesn't sound like "he loves" the visiting customers.
there is nothing worse then standing in line an the people in front of you have 6 different adults wanting to use 5 different cards to pay for the food, an only one card,,,, really broke ass people cant get a $60 dollar card..  how sad
i wish costco had 2 buildings in each city, they both would still be busy, but maybe less busy sometimes..........
Costco needs to add no fee curbside pickup like their competitors Sam’s Club and BJ’s do. Time to step up to the plate Costco!!!
Seniors need the seats in the food court. Not everyone can stand up to eat after walking through the warehouse. Costco also NEEDS more HANDICAP parking. It’s impossible to find handicap parking unless you’re there before the warehouse opens. Instead of worrying about churros and cookies, pay attention to what your customers need.
Idiocracy plz
Love seeing Mrs baskets
14oz box is in no way a Large box. the fact that magic spoon sold 7oz boxes does not make 14oz box's large. It just points out how badly they ripped you off before.
Can't wait for the Costco expansion in 2051 thats a warehouse roughly 4 square miles. Gonna be great lmao. In all seriousness, I kind of like some of the changes, such as the addition (not replacement) of standing tables and the scanner. I figure it might make getting in easier, and I mean, they make all their money from memberships... my father works at one and told me that they got out of several lawsuits for lowballing competitors due to their constant losses on products. Hoping I can work there as well, just need the riding situation sorted qwq  Edit: figured I should clarify a skipped detail near 7:50, every year you work at Costco, you get a raise... so the dollar extra an hour for new hires shouldn't mean anything to higherups who likely already got 3-5 dollar raises for the past 3--5 years they worked there... thats not including the PTO, benefits, bonuses (some over 500 dollars), as well as typical raises relating to performance...
When I moved to Arkansas, I had to give up my Costco membership. Most of Arkansas doesn't have Costco warehouses.
Their app is still crap
They took away the churros?! This is an outrage! The only reason I got a membership was for the churros.  Literally.  I can get a churro any day of the week because of Costco, now I need to wait for the swap meet where I’ll pay $5 or go to the forbidden part of town and hunt down a food truck or cart and still pay $5.  They should just raise the price of the churros if that’s the issue.  $2.50 is reasonable.
I'm hoping that they build one closer to my area in Southern New Jersey.  The closest one is nearly an hour from me
THIS STORE IS DUMB ...PEOPLE SHOULDN'T HAVE TO PAY A YEARLY FEE TO BUY ITEMS FROM THEIR STORES...JUST DUMB..
Costco is not that cheap, so raising membership is NOT good.
Boycott till we get churros back
if they want to do something for their customers they should expand their hours. the one closest to me is only open from 10am till 8pm :/
Not sure why you would EVER want to turn a customer away...member or not. They're only here FOR ONE REASON: To spend money.  And it's like they can just "walk out" like in many of today's supermarket where massive looting is the norm now.  That won't fly in Costco.
I like Costco but the Sam’s plus membership absolutely kills the executive membership. I already renewed my Sam’s plus membership and will either downgrade or cancel my Costco membership.
I like to enjoy my hot dog while people watch.
RIP Churro you will be missed
No standing, please. Lots of elderly members and we need to sit.
I bought Costco stocks and have not checked it for the last twenty years. How did I fare?
Super Costco?  I will need to bring a sleeping bag when shopping there 😂
I love CostCo!
Sam's club has a better app because it has its scan & go
Is that John Candy’s twin sister?😳😂
Better not get rid of them buck fifty dawgs
They need to keep the seats. What about Seniors and those with health issues. Costco needs to take care of their customers. They make so much money.
Bring back the combo pizza and turkey provolone sandwich
Standing tables is the company saying buy your crap, buy more crap at our crappy food court and eat it as quick as possible then get the hell out of our store
I wish that Costcos in the United States supported American organic farmers rather than importing fruits and vegetables that are already grown here.
How about 100% grass-fed beef, steak, and dairy?  I can't find it at any Costco.  There is huge demand for this.
Why stop the charoes???
That makes no sense for people to have to stand up to eat?? What about people who are disabled or elderly???
In those huge stores customers need a place to sit and rest, especially when they're eating!  I've never had a Churro, but if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
What a bunch of whiners in this channel.  Costco is awesome.  Don’t even care about food court.
Nothing is every good about "big food." Thousands of small local markets beats a dozen giant food stores any day.
I don’t like their policy of my favorite things just disappearing. Used to have killer apple dumplings, then poof- they’re gone. Went to look for Boom-Chi-a-Pop the other day then poof- they’re gone. Very frustrating. And leave the tables if you want me to stay and eat with 2 grandchildren in tow!
Costco in Canada is a wonderful thing, but last year they took over the credit cards and now we get statements that are almost impossible to understand.
Stop with the digital tracking
What do you think about the changes Costco is making?
Both Costco cookies and muffins are great
I wouldn’t be eating any of the chocolate biscuits or desserts because I don’t like chocolate.
I’ve been to the one in Salt Lake City… I was impressed with the HUGE selection
I have a membership, but plan to close it. I shop at Sam's paying a little more for  the annual fee, allowing me to get free curbside pickup along with free deliveries.
I want pumpkin pie all year!
They will be putting prices up
A video idea can you do a tip’s video on how to tell the best produce, how to tell if things are still good to eat, how best to store things as a 101. So it’s all in one video
DEAR COSTCO. PLEASE BECOME MORE CARING AND ACCOMMODATING TO SENIORS! The Costco on Peachtree Dunwoody Rd in Sandy Springs, Georgia is one of your top producers.  However, through the years and as one ages and medical issues become permanent it is harder and harder to shop at Costco.  This location has a high volume of Senior Shoppers. More and more are finding it too difficult to shop at this Costcos and you are loosing Senior shoppers. 1.  Senior need a special day where the store opens at 8 or 9 am verse 10 am.  It allows Seniors to shop without heavy congestion.       Seniors are early risers. To open your store at 10am is like opening your store at noon.   2. Constantly changing the location of merchandise in your store effects shoppers with mobility issues.  3. The clothing area is so crowded with merchandise 2 carts cannot pass by at same time.  It is very difficult to turn corners with your cart.  Men’s, Women’s, children cloths are mixed together instead of separate locations.  4.  If a senior has a few items in a cart and goes to self checkout, have employee available to assist where they do not have to lift things from cart.  You may not realize this customer has a serious medical condition and in chronic pain.  COSCTO YOU ARE THE BEST AND WE THANK YOU!  SENIORS NEED YOUR HELP IN ADDRESSING THESE ISSUES SO WE CAN CONTINUE TO SHOP AT THE STORE WE LOVE😇🙏❤️.  We are having to resort to paying more and shopping at our local grocery
No- I hope they don’t take the seats out! They are needed for elderly customers. I hope AARP steps in to advocate for the elderly!
People need to have a seat to eat. Especially if they have health issues. When you get done shopping you are ready to have a snack and sit down and rest.
As long as they don't mess with the pizza, I'll be fine.
I was hoping for all Oatmeal Cookies in the 24 package and instead they get rid of an item and move the chocolate chip cookies to the front at $2.49 cents. Yea, that makes sense.
would be nice if costco had a 1 day free membership for new customers to come in,browse around and purchase something if you found something you wanted but costco doesnt offer that,at least at my local costco it doesnt
I was hearing talk about making it where your Costco Credit Card will do both check your idea and do the payment in one swoop like it is done now at the pump. I guess better luck next year?
I don't think I have ever been inside a Costco store in my entire life. But I did purchase some Costco stock last year. So please keep shopping there!
The Costco food court first got rid of Coke fountain drink products.  Then they axed the Polish dog,  chicken salad, combo pizza, onions and relish,  brisket sandwich, and now churros.  They brought back the chicken salad made differently and its price is up from $3.99 to $6.99.  The chicken bake is now premade and not made in the food court and costs $1 more ($3.99).  Everyone praising the $1.50 hotdog and drink never mention the rising prices of membership.
Churros, please!! Best item in the food court.
Just don't  mess with my rotisserie chicken.  Nearly twice the size of Kroger's and now half the price.
America eats too much sugar...just look at the fat on Americans. What is COSTCO doing to help Americans reduce fat from sugar consumption?
All the Costcos I go to in Seattle area ask to see your pic on your card. Of course my card pic is 24 years old so I still need to show ID to check out
Where is inflation moderating?
I wonder if Jordan have the Costco churro recipe.
I’m not renewing my membership….I don’t live near a Costco any longer….I wonder how high it’s gonna go….😮
Put police stations inside costco
They better not raise the hotdog price
but look at the ingredionts in the bakery, everything has soye, do you know how bad soye is for you.
Stupid stock footage in this video!!
Sam's is way cheaper.
After all of the recent problems building and operating stores in California, I am truly amazed that COSTCO is still planning on building the super warehouse and another few stores in California.
Is it just me or is that large woman with the purple scarf Louie Anderson in drag?
Frankly, given we, PAY... to shop there, the hours of operation are ridiculous!    Also, since they created the Looong lines at the Food Court with the "Kiosks," i've NOT bought anything, there  in over 10 mos. So, the tables are no doubt, going to cost Costco even more losses in revenue... plus, who puts a slice of 🍕 or coffee on a C.C? RIDICULOUS! Cash is King! The frustration of wanting to grab Something, but leaving, angry instead😡!    But, it's just more money in my pocket at the end of the day! Besides, what's the point of going in and though all those lines if they can't Stock  Dog Food, or T. P.  🙄   You're so frustrated, and by the time you get to the last line where they check your recite... their far more interested in talking to their own Fellow Employees (as well as at the registers)... Than to You, the Customer!   I guess it's just easier to shop at a local grocery store, less aggravation, closer since they still don't sell diesel fuel after 15+ yrs. in the long run !!!
I stopped eating at the Costco food court when they stopped serving the sausage dog.   If they put cereal on sale you better buy what you want when the flyer first comes out, cause there ain't no rainchecks and I know they always run out of cinnamon toast crunch and honey nut cheerios.   The one suggestion I would make to costco is to put description signs at the end of the aisles like other store do I.e. sugar, flour, cereal etc.  The wall of values is good, but moving everything else around within departments is crazy.  I want to come, get my chicken, shop for the things on my list and get out of there.  I am a 'target' shopper, go get the item you want and no browsing.
The cookie price is absurd! I literally saw someone realize it was 4 one cookie and say "no thanks." lol.
You need more healthy non gmo food.more organic food.
Signage,  signage would be great. Hint hint
It happened to me in Utah! It wasn’t a big deal.
To me Costco has very few items that I can't buy elsewhere for less money!  Then you add in the cost of membership. I don't know how they call Costco a wholesale club
I like the guy who said I love you. Better than anything. 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
Most food items at Costco I find disappointing.  They're just not good.
The chocolate chip cookies are warm and melty and seriously THE BOMB! We swung through 30 minutes before closing tonight and they were ALL OUT! Trust me, you want one . . .
Come to South Africa
“Welcome to Costco, I love you. …  Welcome to Costco, I love you. …”
China and Costco are NOT a match in heaven, it’s H-E-🏒🏒
Time to switch to sams
So what is it with cameos of Louie Anderson in drag several times in this video? Where did you "borrow" video from... a corporate comedic presentation, or a commercial that didn't air here?
That's Louie Anderson at the 4:21 mark.
about that "super costco". its basically a business center and regular costco in one. the huge one in utah is one as well. regular shoppers can also buy at the business center so the  video was mistaken saying it would only serve commercial customers.
I love how you used footage of Christine Baskets shopping at Costco, one of her favorite places! RIP Louie Anderson.
Really! Pay for a membership to shop there and stand in a line  forever to pay😡 prices on items aren’t that great to begin with!  You are better off keeping the membership money and looking for sales in other stores!
Those oreos mini cake are addicting.
The Costco closest to me is too crowded.  It is a zoo.  If Costco raises fees, it will be the end of my membership.   Besides, I drive past Sam’s to get there, so they are already on thin ice.
That blonde fat chick they keep showing sure does look like Louie Anderson.
Did I hear Rice Baseballs? LOL
Been a Costco® member since December of 1983 when membership was free, but you paid a 5% surcharge on everything if you weren't a business member. I can set my eyes on virtually any place in my house, and they will land on something I bought there.
What are the ingredients in the new food? All this is why people dont want to shop there! I dont want 200 of anything!
Costco is my major shopping place. I would expect little more tasty sweets and not sugarbombs. The so called restaurant has mostly toxic, unhealthy junkfood.....adding the chocolate cookies probably is the dumbest thing but Mehricans are known for not being very smart and will eat that garbage.
Why are the Cesar salads $7 no wonder people don’t eat healthier
MAYBE PEOPLE SPEND A LOT OF TIME SITTING THERE, PERSONALLY I JUST WANT TO GET OUT OF THERE WHEN I CHECK OUT.
I want them to bring back the sheet cake….one of the best tasting cake ever
Dear Costco... Regarding your changes...  I’ve never bought any food at the “restaurant” so the standing tables doesn’t directly affect me. However, how you treat your customers in general affects my desire to shop there or go back to Sam’s Club! It is often the case where you can run yourself to death shopping and need a place to rest as you get a bite to eat after desperately trying to find what you need because they decided to rearrange the blasted store every few days (may be a slight cranky exaggeration, but stop hiding the things I want to buy!). I would certainly appreciate it as would numerous disabled or elderly shoppers, not to mention your employees! Yet I digress... Back to the table situation, I think having both options allows for accommodating various people with various physical needs or desires. We have never lived and will never live in a one-size-fits-all world! Be thoughtful of your members!   What changes I would like to see is to stock more non-GMO products and ABSOLUTELY NO toxic Apeel coated produce (that doesn’t wash off)! 🤦🏻‍♀️😤🤦🏻‍♀️ When buying organic produce (and even non-organic), it’s a pretty strong bet people don’t want the produce sprayed with toxic chemicals after harvest, just so you can have a longer shelf life. Buy smaller quantities! I’d much rather you sell out than sacrifice our health just so you can keep your stock around a few more days! 😡😤🤨 Once again, be thoughtful of your members! Thank you for your consideration and good judgement for everyone’s benefit!
One of the new stores in in Las Vegas.  Due to a California-like bureaucracy, you can't lay a parking lot in Vegas in 130 days, let alone a building.  Good luck with that timeline.
I can make better stuff at home than they at Costco could ever make
Stand-up tables is a deal breaker for me.  Not worth it.
"REDIT" is not spelled correctly lol.
Who likes Pepsi?  Costco in Canada accepts only Mastercard, it’s visa in the US.
I will always prefer Sam's club. At least they don't have stupid things like Costco. That's how you bring a company to bankruptcy. Not good
I bought blueberry muffins and the berries were only on the top not within.  Very disappointed.
Canceled my membership and saved a ton of money.
Wonder what’s taking so long for crib side or pick up . Probably bc they know we would over spend every time we go in lol 😂
Magic spoon is $9.99 for a 7 Oz box at kroger, for that price it should come with a silver spoon or at least a silver plated one. Coen flakes and regular cheerios has zero sugar also , js.
I love Costco!! ❤
Wish they would build one in Rapid City SD!
You are not costco so don't pretend that you know about what they are doing
TicToc is a Communist China App that should be banned in the US.
Employees at Costco are belligerent, downright abusive.  I assume someone at HQ gave the employees the impression that they were the boss  of the public. Abusive as h@ll.
additions arn't changes huge click bait
I picked up the roasted garlic and parmesan bread a couple of weeks ago.  It's good, but I wanted to like it more than I do.  The big chunks of garlic in it are nice, though, for sure.  For me the best value at Costco is beer.  A case of Sierra Nevada runs just over a buck a beer.  And they still carry Sierra's Celebration Ale at Christmastime in bottles, while grocery stores mostly carry only cans.  A few years back, my Costco had tons of Celebration left over after New Year's.  They were selling it for $16.99 per case (a 24 pack).  I bought more of that than I'm willing to attest publicly.
i tried the new chocolate cookie at the food court.  not good. bad idea.
HOUSTON ALONE NEEDS 31 NEW LOCATIONS
The removal of seating is passive aggressive and hostile. When people are elderly or they have disabilities, a dining chair is a necessity. It is not a luxury item. I’m disgusted by the lack of hospitality and outright contempt that a lot of these large corporations are showing for their customers. If they get rid of chairs, I certainly won’t be buying their food. There’s just no reason for it other than being nasty in a covert way.
Can't wait for the Loomis, CA store to open up in April.
the late Louie Anderson in the video as a woman ??
All I want is the old chicken bake, polish dog, and combo pizza back... is that too much to ask for, Costco?
been awhile since i've seen louie anderson
I'm gonna have to pick up those chocolate cup cakes....   our insatiable desire for more diabetes must be fulfilled!
How about just keep staples on the shelves instead of stocking whatever's trendy?
As long as they don't increase the price of the hot dog and soda.
You could ditch the food court altogether and I honestly wouldn’t notice. But the checkout experience has gone to hell recently.
Seniors need 1 hour of exercise a day to stay healthy.  Sitting on your ass to eat a hotdog and drink unlimited soda is the last thing a senior needs.  So if Costco makes it more difficult for a senior to eat junk food the better for the seniors!!!!!!!
idk where Mashed gets their info, but 'Walmart: No plans to make stores 24/7 again'.  The talk of '24-hour supercenters' is a pre-pandemic "thing".
nice of louie anderson to make an appearance at 1:09
I fired Costco due to they’re behavior during Covid
Good bye churro 😢😢😢😢😢😢
I love Costco.  It has been a Godsend in this horrible economy.
Hard to eat standing up with children.
Magic Spoon is NOT healthy.
Costco sucks. Rude, lazy staff in my experience acquired from getting a holiday gift of a Costco membership. The best way they could improve is to go out of business.
Booooo bring back churrossss
Not interested in processed  sugary  food- no thank you
Why would anyone want to pay for the privilege of shopping in someone's store?  Only in America.
@susanski5588 My friend has worked there for 28 years. You can definitely get a full-time position there here in California if hired seasonally if you're a decent worker. Unfortunately most of the seasonal hires are shit. From what I've heard... and I hear an earful over beer believe me. Nobody wants to work any more.
DO NOT get rid of the $1.50 hotdog.
When are they bringing the good mesquite wings back? They can get rid of those nasty garlic things.
Needs SCAN and GO, i barely ever go now, Sam's Club is just so EASY and FAST. The self checkouts are just an insult. Also get rid of the solar sales d bags as we leave.
As one of those seniors I'll just eat at home no thank you very much.
Stupid move. When the number of people over the retirement age has increased significally you are going to force SENIORS to stand and eat.
Food court cookie tasted very basic.  I love butter and carbs as much as the next person, but 750 calories for that was a waste.  The churro was, is, and will always be better.
They just opened one here recently for Portland Maine in November. It’s awesome! 😊
Breakfast is the most important meal????
They are looking for your biometrics with a face scan. NO THANKS
I wish they had bathrooms in the back of the store too.
Costco in cherry hill New Jersey, the workers are the worst. They are ( excuse my French) ahole. Lack of respect for their customers.
Where are we oldsters supposed to sit and eat our hot dogs and drink our Pepsis??? They better rethink the standing tables only.
NOT standing up to eat Costco!!
Sorry, but there is no replacement for cinnamon!!!!  Shame!
Attitude of employees have gone down. And no one knows where anything is in the store and and they’re not willing to find it for you
Hilarious that Costco would face scan membership, but voter ID is a no no. I won't be renewing.
Who wants to eat standing up?🗑
Last few times I had a churro they are trash, and once in a while when I splurge on a hotdog, I’m tired of a cold bun. the food court is always dirty the tables
Is the the same Costco that was banning family members (as in people living in the SAME household) from using the same membership card?
They are building a new one right by my house in Omaha. We have 2 in the area that are always busy. This is good and bad. Bad because the traffic is going to suck in the area now and good because it will be so close to my house.
Wish they had at least one aisle area to go from shopping to restrooms, especially on the weekends. If it’s not super busy, one can do that in the self check out area. Other aisles, nope. There’s people’s butts between two cashier check outs.  Wish Costco cafe would bring back the turkey panini. I miss those!  Hard to get past areas where weekend crowds are at the tasting areas.  Why do some Costcos offer relish and onion bits and others don’t?  I’d like option to get a smaller chocolate. I like chocolate but I can’t consume as much. Spouse didn’t like it that much, so except for a spoon here or there, he’s not much help.
Our costco only hires seasonal and if there is a need for a fulltime employee at end of season you MIGHT get hired. When you need a job, you cant hire seasonal hopung to get hited. Honestly this is Ridiculous in my opinion
Poison
Self control in bakery?
I hate the inconvenience hours of operation.  This needs to change.
Sam Club beats Costco Hands Down with selection, quality, online ordering, inventory information, and SERVICE. Costco went union, which caused a noticeable decline in service; workers now have a great "that's not my job" attitude. Often, they will not help anyone at the self-service checkout by providing the scan gun, nor do they help disabled people at checkout (because it's not their job!) Good job, Costco!
I'm keto diet  no junk food 4 me..😊
It sounds like Costco is going to hell. I'm not surprised.
Three Costco videos in one day, Mashed.
Ripping comments from Reddit as reporting and then misspelling it as “Redit” in the graphic.. great job, Mashed..
That lady in the food court looks like Louie Anderson?
Not everyone likes chocolate chunk/ chip cookies. Personally I am allergic to chocolate. So the new cookies are totally off the menu!
More Costco in china no smash and grab there.
I love Costco ❤️
Why would I want to stand to eat after walking around the whole store shopping ?.  I just won't eat there or order food to go.
Costco experience getting better couldn't be more wrong. $2.50 for A cookie??? Can I say rip-off!!! Now the bakery is over-priced but the quality goes down n down. The last 10 of items or so I bought from their bakery and produce department absolutely su*ked so I threw it away.  The whole store now is filled with over-priced JUNK food so all the fat people can get even fatter faster. And pretty much all items are higher than $10 now.
The  Cookies & Cream Mini Cakes are disgustingly delicious.  Pick up two or three packages.
They need more self service checkouts.
Costco has the toughest steaks you will ever buy, and they don't even sell Angus beef. No thanks!
So That’s where Louie Anderson has been.
I live in one of four states that does not have a Costco
The list of new deserts sounds even more disgusting than the already existing deserts.
Three words Costco...  "SCAN AND GO".   MAKE IT HAPPEN....  Sam's Club is crushing it with this one thing in comparison.  Check out just plain sucks at Costco.  Figure it out guys, I don't give a d*mn if the worker unions balk....  MAKE IT HAPPEN at least in Red states, I understand if you don't want it in blue states because of theft and wokeism but don't penalize the rest of us for blue stupidity, like Randy Travis sang it's time to "Move up to a better class of loser"... LOL
I like Costco.  If other people don't then hey, fine by me.
NOPE!
The cookies & cream cupcakes are delicious! I bought a box to take to work, then needed to go back the next day to get one for just for myself 😂
I've had Magic Spoon cereals, big no go for me.
I can feel my arteries Harding now.
Why would I want to buy a cookie from the food court for $2.49 when I can go buy a whole box in the bakery? Bring back the churro
They have raised rates more recently than 2017.
So much sugar, yum!
Inflation i'm guessing
Interesting
Woah
