6.7....... SIX SEVEN
Samsung or Apple
So us the S24/ultra a yes or no?? And does anyone know any issues with these phones heating up?
wait how is the 24 and the plus the same size? one iss 6.7 and one is 6.2
Much obliged!
What I don't like about Samsung phones is fingerprint sensor under screen ' as soon as you put tempered glass it doesn't work . I've tried cheap and expensive protective glass and it just doesnt work as it should .
Thanks Marques. You voice is so soothing while you describe the features. Very well explained.
Sir please I lost my phone please can you get me one I only have 100$ please
Ok. Já me convenceu
🇧🇮
I just bought a regular s24 today, it arrives tomorrow, and I'm actually really impressed with the ai thing translating actual phone calls. Its crazy and it makes me think of how many interpreters are gonna be without a job in the next couple years lol
Samsungs are trash. My S20 was barely used the buttons stopped working, then the lower speakers went out, could not recognize sim card. I open phones to fix them and the thing that stands out to me the most are Samsung phones are made with the cheapest materials possible to keep costs down and profits high. I have Apple phones from 2008 that still works perfectly fine today. I'm gonna stick with Apple phones.
Poor S24 FE
guys Im confused, should I get 14 pro max or s24 plus...
Does S23 ULTRA get same AI features as S24 ULTRA?
Samsung has hit a new low, resorting to shady tactics to force consumers into upgrading their devices. The ongoing issues with the S22 Ultra, especially the failures caused by official software updates, clearly indicate a strategy of planned obsolescence. Countless users are experiencing dead motherboards out of nowhere, with no fault of their own, while Samsung refuses to take responsibility. Just look up the recent cases, and you'll see the truth. A once-respected company is now sabotaging its own customers. Shame on you, Samsung!
Isn't it on Exynos now?
Prefiero el REDMI
I hate the S24, I was forced to upgrade from the S20 and I absolutely hate it, and there are features that have been taken away.
price? For s ryals
My S20 just fell apart after the screen broke, they're too delicate if you're on the go but I loooove this phone.
My S22+ suffered the green line issue just 1 year plus and they refused to fix it despite this being a well-known manufacturing defect. Will be switching brand after being a loyal Samsung user since my Samsung S7.   But I am so wondering why none of these big influencers calling out for Samsung for their lousy screens? Could we start to hold these big brands accountable for their mistakes and not let the customers bear the cost?!?!?!  PS: Definitely NOT planning to even consider getting S25!
How much
How much
Does the + shoot in RAW?
Dear Samsung,  I am writing to express my frustration regarding the resolution of photos uploaded from my S23 Ultra and S24 Ultra series devices to social media platforms like Facebook.  Despite the impressive camera quality and large resolution of these devices, I’ve noticed a significant reduction in image quality once they are uploaded to social media. The photos appear much blurrier and lack the sharpness I see in my gallery. It’s incredibly frustrating, as it diminishes the value of having such a high-resolution camera.  In comparison, I’ve noticed that iPhone users do not face this issue, and photos remain clear even after uploading to platforms like Facebook. It would be great if you could work on optimizing the resolution for social media uploads, so users can fully enjoy the benefits of their device's camera without experiencing such quality degradation.  It would be extremely helpful if an update could be made that allows users to select the highest resolution possible for uploads to platforms like Facebook and Instagram, ensuring the images retain their quality when shared. Additionally, it would be fantastic if there were a feature that lets users select all photos in an album at once and convert them to the desired resolution, rather than having to edit each photo individually.  I hope you listen to consumer/user suggestions. I’m truly disappointed when I take great photos only for them to become blurry when uploaded to social media. With fewer users relying on Google Drive or other platforms nowadays, it would be great if your devices were more social media-friendly.  . I look forward to seeing future improvements.
Watching this in my s24+
I just got the galaxy s24. Excited to start using it. Thanks for this great video.
camera lens of phone not clean in the 1s5 15s itself!!
First look? I'm watching on my s24
Heloo is this phone had any signal problem ? I heard exynox tend to have weaker signal coverage than other soc such as snapdragon etc. thanks pls answer i needed this before buying this phone 🙏
To 15s is crazy work rich man
I hate the flat screen - much prefer the curved edges. I still have my S7 Edge and my S9+ I got later. I still use it as my daily and it hasn't done me wrong yet!  Best choice in terms of design in my opinion. Not this iPhone bs. I think Google did the same thing with the Pixel 9 too.  I also love the ability to use wired headphones/earphones without having to shell out for an adapter. The removal of the SD Card I'm not sure how I feel about - I do use a memory card, though I can see why they removed it.  However, it means that I may have to set up a monthly fee with a storage site like OneDrive to store all of my photos which can be a plus, but it's more money I have to spend.
How does Dbrand protect against camera lens scratches?
the ai call thing is sick
Z
I personally Love the curves samsung displays more 😢. Gonna Miss em.
I still can't believe why dorkess ppl I mean Iphone users are still using apple😂😂
The 7 year OS update is a good thing, but I doubt the S24's battery will last that long, 4000Mh is already weak. What is the solution?
Planning to switch to android after using Iphone for 10 years. I am looking for great camera and videos because my daughter is into sports and I just had a baby so I wanted to take great photos and videos.
People cry about copying, but no one says that the miss the curved edge. I guess some prefer form over enthusiasm.
Okay, so what the heck is up with this channel? Why I can watch videos on it in picture-in-picture mode, but I can't do it with other videos? Can somebody help me to figure it out?
Really starting to believe YouTube is unsubscribing ppl without permission. FYI, I resubscribed
Will it translate any lauguage? Wanting Greek.
Until they solve the green line issue that's killing all samsung s phones, it doesn't really matter if the phone is good or not. It's not worth it
Samsung better touchscreen no glitch like iphones lol
I don’t like android china phone , I prefer iOS , longevity used,  and why Samsung the flagship s24  design is not different from Samsung budget cheap phone 😂😂😂
Samsung yet again shamelessly copies iPhones flat edge and titanium design.
I think the square edges are old, and ugly.  I prefer the S24 shape.
Can you review Samsung S24FE too?
I just got the Samsung galaxy  s24
A alguien más le pasa que con la cámara frontal del s24 pequeño, en fotos salen bien pero cuando es video frontal salen amarillas las pieles o muy calidas ? Lo noté cuando grabé desde la app de Instagram sales bien pero cuando grabas desde la misma stock salen amarillo 😢
Hey guys 👋🏻. I've got an S23 Ultra that's pretty beat-up and I'm due to switch it up. Would anyone here wait for the S25 Ultra? or get an S24 Ultra at a really "great" price? (flagships are way too overpriced, no matter what the discount would be, IMHO) *This is a genuine question from me, not part of some marketing research thing... Thanks in advance to those who took your valuable time to help a stranger online. 🙏🏻
Not gonna lie, although my S23 Ultra has been my all-time favourite phone so far, the curved edges are my least favourite feature, and I'm really happy to see them go away. Im on the fence though. The S25 should be coming out soon enough, so the 24's must be greatly reduced in price, but the S25 is supposed to be a "game changer" so that doesn't make the decision any easier....
As an RN, I'm so hyped to use the live translation with patients who speak absolutely no english!
Good video, but the Spanish audio track is soooo bad
Love that the image-search works also on my s21fe
Sorry but I'm  waiting for the folding IPhone , might take 57 years but it's  worth the wait.
How is the camera in third party apps? Also,  is the zoom still as clear in those apps?
So interesting 😎
That's why I said it's the best iPhone I've had.
damn you gonna stay on apple payroll no matter what lmaooo ..
the fact that you were looking at brownies on the phone when your last name is brownlee is hilarious, genuinely made my tummy jiggle and wiggle and giggle
Great review thank you. ❤
I fucking hate AI
Got a family member on my family phone plan.  Recently his samsung, roughly 6-7yrs old, recently mysteriously broke... he's due for an upgrade.  But he doesn't feel like he should pay anything. His phone has ONLY been paid off within the last two-3 yrs. It was NICE having a lower phone bill where I was only paying for the "phone plan" and not the 🤬 flagship Samsung Galaxy Note 20. MY phone, cash out right, Google Pixel 7. Now he wants this latest Note20+... Its $1000 phone??!!!! Excuse my french.... mofos don't have jobs that require $1000 phones that they can't afford to pay for themselves 🤨
When do we get crash detection, satellite connection and fall detection?? Apple is ahead of us !!
Just be aware in Europe it not the snap dragon it Exynos  chipset
Visual searching google stuff has been happening for quite a long time 😅
I really want to give a Samsung, Pixel or similar a go but I’m just so entrenched in Appleland that it would be too disruptive to the rest of my tech! 😭
I have the S24+ (exynox) and it's amazing 😊
Guys I am an Apple user and debating on moving away from Apple and go Samsung s24. What are your thoughts
How is the face recognition in low light conditions?
I still have an s23+ camera is pretty rubbish. Old s10 took better images
I strongly considering switching over to android once again because android doesnt fckn STEAL UR VOLUME BUTTON. WTF APPLE
Wow I’m starting to realise how behind iPhone is
Sorry can someone help me- What color is @Marques S24 Ultra phone color in? I LOVE the color but I don't seem to have caught what he said
Gonna pickup S24+ this week and use it as my work phone since i own a business
That ultra loks small in your hand😅😅
Exactly like a iPhone you said it haha the squared off look is a total rip off
Nobody says “that’s the same shit” about androids..!! Hypocrisy!!
I like the flat screens. I kept having problems with the edges lifting up on my old curved edge samsung displays
Is the translation feature available on the s24 as well or only the ultra?
Here after iPhone 16 announcement might switch 💯
@MarcusBrownlee I don't know if you did a comparison video samsung s24 vs. the Pixel 9. If not, can you please do a video on these 2 phones.
You're my new go-to, to watch for phone reviews! Thank you so much! Looks like it's the S24+ for me. 😁
I like the Galaxy S24Plus and the OnePlus 12, I’m considering getting one or the other to use in addition to my iPhone 15 Pro Max.
Hi  I'm trying to choose between the Galaxy S24 and Pixel 9 for my father. He needs a compact phone with good battery life that’s fast and doesn’t lag. He mainly uses it for calling, WhatsApp, and email. He also has a lot of contacts, and his WhatsApp tends to lag because of this, so I want to make sure that won’t happen with the new phone. Which one would you recommend?    Thanks!
I have this phone because i really like the boxy square corner design and a flat screen design it is a dream design for me .. just one thing i really like the color white but sadly it is not available..
Is there a time limit for the speech to text function?
Well... My s21 can do the instant image search thing now.
Hello, watch your video and you explain it very well. But I have a question. Do you think it makes more sense to buy the S23 256 GB or the S24 128 GB? (There is a very slight difference between them in my country)
I would have loved to have learned mire about what the s24 does. Instead all you talked about was the S24 ultra. I did not just buy the ultra. I just have the S24.
Finally upgraded from the s20 fe to the 24
Def getting one.. along with my iPhone.. I miss being Team Android.. IPhone has had me since like 2016-2017.. I had a Note 8 before that ! The camera quality just can’t be beat
7 years of OS updates won’t make me feel bad about the 48 month payment plan I’m going to buy this on
Have u heard about the vertical green line appearing on ohones in india..s. series samsung phones
Thank God for the flat screen, I hate the curve
You're correct to assume that people don't use the 10x on the S23 Ultra. It's too zoomed in. I never used it and missed the 5x that was on my previous phone.
Dude, why is the audio on your videos always really quiet or really loud?
NO THANKS
Free 🥹
I will NEVER buy an Ultra until the screen is no longer rounded on the edges. They crack way too easily. I went through 3 phones in 1 year and finally made the decision that it wasn't worth it. I just recently bought the s24+ and the only issue for me is that my s21+ ran games smoother than my s24+, even when I keep it on the native 1080p, 120hz, for some reason the games hitch. I haven't figured out if it's the phone, or if the game itself needs an update for the new tech, but it's super annoying. Other than that, I LOVE IT.
I really like the back design instead of glossy design
Waiting for the S25 ultra
You never disappoint!
The live call translation would be really cool if it could copy your voice and add a bit of your local accent. So if you are French and the phone is translating to English live, it gives your voice a bit of a French accent. But why limit it to translation? The phone could do the same sort of thing with English to English. Say you wanted to be more confident and forceful - the phone could 'translate' what you are actually saying in a feeble and roundabout way so that the person listening hears your responses as charming and direct. You could even switch to "don't take no for an answer" mode and become extremely convincing. The possibilities are endless.
The Samsung warranty is really awful and think this needs to be a factor when purchasing any product.
I just got it and the whatch 6
I’m upgrading to the s24 from iPhone 12
Indian users Exynos 2400 left the chat 😅 Us users SD 8gen 3 in the chat   Bro plz compair the both the varient people watch in europian and asian get confused they get Exynos processer
what's that thing on your face
S24 has brightest and more prettiest display ever!🤩I have it in this cobalt violet colour and that's a best phone i ever had,with the perfect size and design!🤩💜
Give the standard s25 5x telephoto, even budget phone has 256gb now in standard you know. Why in the world flagship standard has still 128gb?
Iphone s24
Here bc of Apple’s latest announcement 🥸
I really want to buy smaller s24 but why did samsung nerf the s24 too much when they have the same chipset and camera as the plus version? 1. S24 could have thicker profile from 7.6mm to 8.0mm or more. Then bump the battery to 4200mah. 2. No Ultra Wideband like the plus version. Its a new tech that nobody use yet but in 7 years time?  3. 8GB of RAM instead of 12GB? In 7 years of update the phone might have trouble keeping up.
Looks like an iPhone!
Do the MagSafe wireless chargers for the iPhones work with these?
Marques, can you review the S24 with the Exynos 2400 CPU rest of the world had no choice other than accept to buy it?
Dude, slow down
The s24 plus has better heat dissipation with the aluminium frame
00:29 Same design, new colors. 01:25 Larger, brighter displays. 02:52 S24 Ultra camera update. 04:45 Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip. 05:15 AI features overview. 07:38 Advanced photo editing. 09:34 Bixby's  unclear role.
I'm prob gonna get the castify one piece phone case instead because of the design but it is 2x more expensive.
I dislike the Ultra's sharp corners.
"Now that`s just a theory. A lense theory" Long live Matpat
Guys im experiencing the uggliest camera shots, I tried to clean the lens, adjust yhe settings and everything but they keep coming out blurry or oversaturated, also they're super dark. I'm surprised no one talked about this but any way to fix it? If not im just going to trade in because its not worth it when my s20 note ultra camera was so much better than this
6.2❤🎉❤❤❤
bruh wasted 10 minutes just talking about Ai
Recently Marques seems… to be a Samsung phones speak guy 🤔
Please review Sony Xperia 1 VI
They have exynos for many countries
does anyone else wanna switch from iphone to samsung now after looking at this video?
You've got many viewers outside the US who get the Exynos rather than the Qualcomm
Good evening people from the internet. Anyone knows why colleague Andrew switched from Pixel to s24 ?
The live translation call freaking crazy bruh
Beautiful💖
I prefer curved edges🩷
Looks much better than the ultra
5:30 - 1300 usd for skirt?
All I want is a phone that can play games smoothly and that I can draw on and doesn't lag, and that has good headphones equal to the air pods
But I still haven't seen anyone asking Samsung, why these super powerful Ultra phones, which can record 4k 120, 8K, translate phono calls in real time etc., still aren't able to, in Pro Video to adjust contrast, saturation, shadows etc. in anything higher that FHD resolution!! I really don't get it, people shooting "Pro" often want to have a more flat picture, with less contrast and less saturation, but Pro people don't use 4k ? I can't be a processor limit, but why??
I was half-expecting you to say these “positive” things about Samsung, since, obviously, you are Samsung-biased. 😂✌🏻
Samsung is amay-zing
Think twice before you buy I got a S24 Ultra in less than 2 days now the phone is in service center.
That square-y side is the very reason I am avoiding Iphone 13 and 14 like a plague. See you later Samsung!  I actually got a Galaxy S23 FE thru a deal. Enjoying it so far.
Had to come rewatch this cause im going to upgrade to a new phone from a Note 10+ and i was debating on the 23 Ultra or 24 Ultra. Think im go for the 24
Wondering why suddenly so attracted to Samsung S22,23,24 is because they look like iPhones 😂
Hi, did you do an update video on the S24 ?
This phone is amazing... time to change from iphone
I hate that they got rid of the edge
it sucks that flagship Samsungs dont have a microSD slot anymore nor a headphone jack, it really is a downside when it comes to physical accessibility
I love and have always used Samsung, but i always admired the aesthetic of Apple products. I am a real fan of the flatness and especially the base S24. I havent seen the purpose of the edge screen since the S7 and am really disappointed it hasnt been used for something more.
1:35 im just now realizing that the s9+ im upgrading from has a higher resolution than the s24 base model which im getting 😨
some of the AI stuff sounds kinda dangerous xP
The S24 and S24+ only have the snapdragon chip in the US. Globally it has an Exynos chip
4:13
He he
4:10
4:07
4:04
4:02
3:59
3:56
3:53
3:50
3:47
3:43
3:40
3:36
3:28 3:31
3:28
3:24
3:21
3:18
3:15
3:11
3:06
3:03
3:00
2:57
2:54
2:51
2:47
2:43
2:40
2:34
2:30
2:27
2:22
2:19
2:15
2:09
2:01
1:53
S24 is definitely slimmer than the s23 and I love it
Doesn't the s24 and s24+ have the exynos 2400?
I am having eye strains when using s24 ultra. It happened before too with Note 20 ultra and S10 plus which made me to go to Iphone. Iphone doesnt give me any eye strain at all. I really love Samsung phones but unable to use it due to severe eye strain . Does anybody experience this ?
s24+ is nearly as the same as s24 ultra
Seems like samsung is only selling s24 & s24 plus with exynos chips in India. Only ultra gets the snapdragon chip 🥲
Can NOT believe my S21+ is nearly the same size as the S24 Ultra. Something is not right imo about this.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 30.6$  Day : 55  Sorry, i mean Commenting here became a habit.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 30.3$  Day : 54  Commenting here became a hobby.
Will there be a fix on the grainy display? Would have been a great phone...
I really wanted to buy the s24, but we don't have the snapdragon version of it here.
After seeing the s9 ultra and s24 ultra, I’m thinking of switching from iPhone
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 30$  Day : 53  Is this goal even achievable.
Adr
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 29.5$  Day : 52  Wow, i have been commenting here for 52 days.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 29$  Day : 51  Js course section 10 started!
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 28.5$  Day : 50  Nice day.
sir suggestions me dell best laptop which one running gta 4,5, spideman mile morals games
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 28$  Day : 49  1st of Ramadan is tomorrow.
Only thing i like about it is qhd on it i hope samsung give the s23 plus qhd
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 27.5$  Day : 48  I made a big change in my life today.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 27$  Day : 47  Nice Day.
As someone who uses iPhone 12mini at the moment, I am actually considering of upgrading to the S24+   Anythoughts please? ☺️
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 26.7$  Day : 46  Today was hard , did all my training and study thought.
A fan following Reviews on Flagship Devices and doesn't own one😅. Someone to gift me Samsung S23❤ ULTRA...My dream Phone.😊. Will greatly Appreciate.❤
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 26.2$  Day : 45  The Central bank of egypt took the most important decision this year today.
I used to be on android when I was younger I had almost every Samsung galaxy up until the s8+ and some one plus phones and then I switched to Apple and it seems impossible to get out of their ecosystem I’d like to upgrade to the new s24+ but I’m not sure if it’s worth switching anymore when everyone is still on Apple
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 26$  Day : 44  JS is going crazy.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 25$  Day : 43  Today was so good.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 24.5$  Day : 42  The EGP is at it’s highest value since october 2023 now.
Has the camera blurr issues with the s23 and 24 resolved?
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 24$  Day : 41  I almost forgot to write a comment today.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 23.5$  Day : 40  Ramadan is Coming….
IR blaster for S25 series .
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 23$  Day : 39  Returned to my old Sleeping time.
Can someone recommend which to buy: S23 for £450 S24 (Exynos) for £618 S24+ (Exynos) for £709  Is the Exynos that bad?
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 22.4$  Day : 38  I wasn’t productive today , but i hope tomorrow is better.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 22$  Day : 37  Too much new information today.
its super cool. Just wish they had more of a plain OS option this is more free of automations / AI. Also full spectrum cams
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 21.5$  Day : 36  Today was wonderful!
Just switch for a pixel 7 to the S24U and I am really enjoying it. Haven't had a samsung phone since the Galaxy 3.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 21$  Day : 35  I Hope the economy gets better here.
Watching from India , i like your vedios bcz of clear and without memes
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 20.5$  Day : 34  The EGP is regaining it’s value.
I went for the regular S24 as my secondary device and upgrading it from the S10 plus, i gotta say its a major improvement and the display is still solid with decent battery packed with a powerful chip. Being 14 pro max as my primary device i am still happy using the base model galaxy as well as ease of use and considering the price range it's a win win deal.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 15$  Day : 33  Nice day.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 14.5$   Day : 32  Was a nice day.
Audio track :spanish , buen hecho 😂
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 14$  Day : 31  Nothing special.
Hi Markus, can you please mention samsung s24 and s24+ giving Exynos worldwide except us and ca.Which is a downgrade than last year's chip also.
could you make a video about when to upgrade your phone?
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 13$  Day : 30  Full Month, 30 Days … 30 Comments.
Samsung has their event after Apple's for a reason.😊
Samsung S24 Ultra is copy cat.
Actually the s24 pls and ultra all 3 are diff dimensions that s23 lineup. Also peak brightness might be more but every review shows the s23 and s24 ultra side by side at max and 23 is brighter it's weird. Vivid mode sucks on the new ones too
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 12.6$  Day : 29  Concepts are starting getting more interesting in JS Course.
The S24 Ultra its so beautiful like that would be my dream Phone currently i have the A34 i bought it 2 mo ths ago👵
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 12.3$  Day : 28  Js course Day 2.
Great Review! 💯💯💯
The whole s24 lineup has a problem with washed-out colors. You are stuck in "natural" color profile, and the "vivid" just doesn't work. So watch out before buying. Samsung has not addressed the issue yet.
BIG MISTAKE BUYING FOLDABLE  SAMSUNG PHONE. BENDING AREA DAMAGE SO EASILY AND CAN NOT FIX IT.  NOBODY HAVE PARTS.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 12$  Day : 27  Started New Course.
Honestly I just want the damn text messaging not to be stuck in 2010. It's horrible with images and videos. Still too many steps for simple functions imo. They never optimize processes
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 11.7$  Day : 26  Nothing new.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 11.5$  Day : 25  Wow , it’s gonna be a long journey.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 11.3$  Day : 24  Afraid of this country’s future.
S24 and S24 Plus don't have SD in most places in the world. They're back to Exynos. Maybe that's important to mention when you say the whole lineup has SD.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 11$  Day : 23  Everything is going well.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 10.6$  Day : 22  Nice Warm weather today.
I really wish they would abandon the note/ultra phone and make the s24 ultra just like the s24 plus. Why change the look. The ultra/note shit is ugly
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 10.3$  Day : 21   lot of Activities today.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 10$  Day : 20  Not So productive this day, but it’s ok.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 9.7$  Day : 19  A New Journey.
Ive always wanted a iphone exterior with an android os. Best of both worlds
Wow, HINDI language download option for LIVE auto (AI Transcript / Translation)@7:08
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 9.3$  Day : 18  Another productive day.
Exynos 2400 for the Europe and asia on S24/24+ :<
Watching this on my s24 ultra
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 9$  Day : 17  Was a productive day.
an android phone that looks like the last 89 phones this year!!!!!!!!!!1
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 8.7$  Day : 16  Nice Video.
Hi Marques et al! I wonder if my comment was deleted by you or your team or if it was just lost in cyberspace. I sure hope it wasn't deleted because in my post I criticized your integrity as a reviewer, having convinced me it was worth upgrading to the Galaxy S24 Ultra (having had a Galaxy S8+ as a daily driver for the past seven years). The S24 has very evident issues with its color scheme and there's no need for fancy tools to figure this out, instead this is easily detectable by just having the same background and putting the two phones next to each other. Seven years of technological refinement and you get a downgrade from Samsung (at least for the screen, plus the lack of storage as mentioned by @danlokar)? The screen according to this review was supposed to be one of the phone's best features!  Thousands of customers have complained and according to Forbes (find the article with the headline "Samsung acknowledges Galaxy S24 Ultra display quality problem") where the latest official remark from Samsung PR is that this lack of any real "Vivid" color scheme is intended (the settings is there, it just does very little to nothing). How this could have slipped through this review, intentionally or unintentionally is just beyond comprehension for a device that costs 1700€. There might be some cool AI features on it but how often does one use those features compared to turning on and looking at the screen.  Makes you wonder what else falls through the cracks.
I doubt this question will ever reach Marques, but I'm really wondering why no modern phones are designed with sd cards slots anymore? We definitely have the technology and definitely have the space, plus the flexibility of upgrading your phone's memory at ease for any consumer is wonderful. Last Samsung to do this is the one I have (S20), but I said to myself I'm not going to buy a new phone until they bring that feature back. Phone companies should stop being greedy with cloud-based memory plans. This is ridiculous
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 8.3$  Day : 15  Was a hard day.
I miss the curved samsung phones. 😔
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 8$  Day : 14  The EGP Value came back to 54 per dollar!
This mf gonna end the video with 'blatantly copying apples homework'.
Do a oneplus 12 review: screen and battery are much better
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 7.5$  Day : 13  Studying Hard (C# OOP).
Only a matter of time before language no longer becomes a barrier to do anything.
As the machinegod intended the phone will one day replace our weak ears.
Mag safe on samsung? Something doesnt add up
I had the S24 plus Samsung phone. It's sweet I like it
This AI thing is scary.... think about falsification of crimes, or wars etc... it's scary
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 6.7$  Day : 12  Productive Happy day, but it’s freezing cold today.
Wonder if you could crop the watermark off an ai generated photo?
Samsung is best
Either all of you tech reviewers are full of poop or they gave you a completely different software version. Many customers are now receiving their s24 Ultra and the screen is disgustingly bland and camera white balance is awful and just blue. My Note 20 from 3 years ago takes far superior pictures and has a far far superior screen. Does anybody at Samsung even use the damn phone before manufacturing and shipping? All these ridiculous features that very few people care about yet they screw up the most fundamental things like signal quality, basic white balance and your own screen color management.  I absolutely despise Apple but it has now been so many years and the best Android out there still delivers a jagged and downright this organized phone using experience. This will be my last Android phone if I even decide to keep it.   Google also keeps changing all of their services seemingly every year because now I can't even see all the apps on my phone from the Google Play website.  I repeat, I despise Apple. Mostly for their requirement that you live in their ecosystem and nowhere else. I am absolutely baffled by the fact that no other company can remotely match their hardware quality or fluidity of use. It's been more than 20 years. Not a single other company can get their act together. I truly astonishing
What is the function of the tiny extra port beside the USB-C port?
Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 across the board, except they're not.. in the US market they are all SD8G3, but in the rest of the world the S24 and S24+ ships with Exynos 2400, which is objectively worse than the Snapdragon chip. I really need to upgrade to a new phone, my S10 battery barely lasts a few hours during heavy use, but I don't want to spend $100-150 extra to ship a phone from the US.
One amazing feature which no one has talked about is Bixby vision under camera. Since no one uses Bixby, no one talks about it. Check it and you will be surprised 😊
Thinking about buying one of them that's why I'm here.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 6.5$  Day : 11  The EGP is devaluating.
🤮🤮🤮to big of a phone
Just as the machinegod intended.
Please language Hindi
The non-ultra version reminds me of Galaxy A3 A5
So press release info for a full length D brand advert. Cheers.
King
Cant wait untill good companies tkae this technology and sell it for a reasonable price
Man I’m thinking about switching back to android but I’m so stuck in the Apple ecosystem, idk how ima do it😂😭😭
What do you think of the samsung exclusive colors?
Love my s22
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 7.6$  Day : 10  I’M Currently in SQL Course 15.
Hey! I'm binge watching your video from s1 to s24 ultra Damn! Can you imagine that all Samsung Galaxy S series has a ULTRA version  From s1 to s10
Fa
The 1440P screen resolution is available on the Galaxy S10
I have a Note20 ultra and tryna decide if I'm going back to iPhone or if I'm grabbing this 🤨
Remember when everyone thought the iPad was dumb
I got my s24 ultra ,is it ok the battery went from 100% to 82% after 2h and 19 min from stop charging !!?
I got the iphone ad while watching this
The live translation is honestly😂
Dumbing down the camera makes samsung’s standing as the best concert camera phone less shiny now
That real time translation sure will come in handy when calling 1-800 numbers
So fair to say we with s22 and s23 ultra will get this new Ai being its software?
One thing it doesn’t do is run iOS. When it does I may consider  switching 😂
Did someone notice whenever I minimize youtube this particular video keeps running even tho I dont have youtube premium. Or it’s my iphone only? Idk why
Ngl I am really disappointed by YouTubers as such you not addressing the issues that the phone has which I bet you guys were probably facing as well but decided not to even bring it up The washed out colors that samsung is saying for more natural vision experience needs to addressed because it's just making the screen and the icons look really dull.  On top of that the low light pictures taken on this phone is simply horrible.   I am coming from pixel 6 pro and let me tell you that the pictures from my pixel 6 pro have Been coming out far superior.  I reached out to samsung to see if any update or security patch will fix this but the moderator seems to say the same scripted thing that it's for a better experience overall which seems funny when there are numerous threads on reddit complaining about it but these famous youtubers simply decided not to mention it.  Already knew that the companies can't be trusted but forgot the fact that big youtubers at the end are going to hide away key facts for $$$
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 7$  Day : 9  Finished Exams!
Should i buy iphone15 plus or s24plus
Circle to search is a game changer. It cleans up the little bit of wasted time we lose by having to tap the search bar  and type our search. It's even faster than voice search. It will change how we search.
Some people says that black on the s24 ultra is not good compare to s23 ultra.... Its not so deep black looks like grey is that true bro ??
I would like to buy the s24+ but only have the exynos version. Is it a good choice? I would be moving from a OnePlus 6
I actually like this iphone style look with the android software. I just hope the edges aren't sharp
Do Samsung phones still have that annoying Bixby feature/button?  I personally don't like it.
I'm watching this video on my S10 lol
its sad, u said its nice to have QHD on the s24+, my standard s10 has QHD feeling like we're going backwards a bit
My display looks worse then my 23 ultra
Watching this from my s24 plus
Is that clever camera AI on just the ultra or all of the 24?
Mobile interpolation?! Hells yeah!
Too bad you don't mention the dull colours. The samsung member forum is a f*cking blood bath.
Constantly mentioning the iPhone is cringe and shows how desperate apple is at any given opportunity to get there name mentioned bought and payed for ,, we don't care it looks like a galaxy say tht
Thanks again for your overview on the phone. I really want to upgrade my mom's phone (she's still running the s10e), and the preorder offer of upgraded storage is actually pretty tempting with apps taking lots of space and family taking lots of photos/videos. Without using it beforehand would you think its worth doing the preorder offer with just the information available before a hands on full review? I would love to try the Ultra since I had a Note years ago, but might be too much for my mom. Would you choose the s24+ over the s24 when it seem like it's almost the same phone but slightly better?
Good review my man. 👍🏼
Why you and youtubers like you are not vocal about the downgrade in the display.!! i'm Completely dissatisfied with whitewash, and dull display...!!  Dispaly is one thing in which no one can beat them, but it seems now Samsung don't want to be on top in display section anymore...!!
Bro iPhone been coping Samsung way before Samsung added titanium. Gtfo. IPhone is a s s
Fantastic very interesting to watch
Good very interested
Faster
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 6.3$  Day : 8  Nice
The Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is awesome, but here are some reasons why I would consider other phones: 1. A screen with Dolby Vision support, 2. Under display camera, 3. Bigger battery.
I am more interested to know the major difference between s24 plus and S24 Ultra
Are there any upgrades to the Dex feature?
Where is the OnePlus 12 review?
iPhone wannabe 😂
Samsung is taking away features from s22 ultra which i bought few years ago. This is not fair. As a powerful tech reviewer maybe you can talk about this.   Eg. moon capture with AI overlay is gone in s22 ultra.   I am sure apple does these stuff too with upgrades but this is not fare.  Also the Samsung raw camera app has a ND filter mode that does not work in s22 ultra but works in s23. So technically the software support is a gimmick.
I'm coming from samsung note 3, is this a big difference compared to samsung S24 ultra ?
The s24 looks exactly like my s22
Thanks for the video The last video on my channel: Review of the Samsung S24 Ultra phone case with fantastic specifications🧐
Snapdragon in all 3 but only in the US😞
it looks like a sony.
Well, mostly like iphone 15, no changes
Galaxy is best than other companies
Anybody else notice how the new Galaxy S24 phones are built like Iphones now?
Why the hell I heard the video in Spanish, is it just me, or he’s actually talking in Spanish ?
I have an Apple iphone XR and is falling apart. Looking to get back into Samsung.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 6$  Day : 7  First Week milestone!
Fake iPhone.
Does it have lidar?
Wow ❤❤❤ very nice video 👏👏👏
flat screen nailed it❤
Do you have a video about why Samsung flagships are having the green line screen issue? Mine started with just one and over the course of several months its now reached 14 lines. I noticed one line gets added every software update from Samsung though.....😢
Acabo de notar que puedes ver el video traducido al español. Eso es increíble.
Now I’m wondering when iPhone will have AI stuff like this (probably never)
Anyone realised tht Pip works on this vid ?
What magsafe stand is that?
3:44 It's just a theory, A LENS THEORY!!!
I use 10x alot
i use my S22U for building inspections, and like the 10x zoom to shoot small details of things far out of reach. i think i'll miss not having a 10x zoom.
i use my S22U for building inspections, and like the 10x zoom to shoot small details of things far out of reach. i think i'll miss not having a 10x zoom.
upgrading from the S22 Ultra :)
Waiting for you 1 week to 2 week review of the oneplus 12
Samsung needs to either give us back the micro sd card slot or bring 1tb/2tb variants to carriers instead of purchasing unlocked.
I love android software and Iphone hardware, especially the look of the Iphones, so I'm definitely going to pick up the s24 or s24+.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 5.7$  Day : 6  I have an Exam Tomorrow, I hope it goes well.
Thank    you for making videos with audios available in spanish. Great
Im really only upgrading for the security. 7 years of updates is unheard of unless your an iPhone user typically. I am excited for the performance jump from an S20+ to S24+
awesome product 👌 love it ❤.....
APPLE is the biggest SAMSUNG customer😂 without SAMSUNG no iphone display😂
I still think Samsung should make the S24 plus series a smaller version of the S24 Ultra. Same as what they did with the note 10 and note 10 plus. Keep it the same size as the plus model or slightly smaller? Couldn’t hurt
what about screen colours reproduction? have you noticed any differences?
I have a standard pocket sized S20 5G with 12 GB of RAM and 1 TB SD card. (total 1128 GB). What exactly do I get 4 years latter? "Double" and less of something what was removed (SD card slot). Headphones? Charger? Just keep changing phones and spend $$$. Who cares? Brainwashing.
Unfortunately, the S24 and S24+ are sold with Exynos in the rest of the world.
No
By the way, the DCI P3 color on the s24 screens has been reduced vs the s23 Ultra.  I noticed it didn't "pop" nearly as much as the s23 Ultra.  I saw a review out of China that showed the reduction in PCI D3.  It has dropped to between 82 to 84 percent.  RGB color gamut is still 100, but gosh, the screen feels less exciting to me on the s24 Ultra.There is a story idea for you.
It’s gonna be a while before Apple adds AI lol
Hey @mkbhd did you know that the AI features in S24 ultra is only free till 2025? Post which isn't subscription based?
Smartphones are getting boring day by day,no innovations same design every year  Remember when there was some talk about graphite batteries instead of lithium ion? Now that’s when buying a new phone will be worthwhile
Why can’t they do stuff like Xiaomi does with the batteries, charging and stuff that actually makes our day to day life better?  I’m so bored of them always making the screen better and the chip more powerful.  I’m using an iPhone 12 Pro and genuinely don’t see why I should upgrade.
hey bro im definitely buying this phone immediately immediately its 249 deal on Samsung buy the s24
Now we have ash's pokemon tablet only better😂😂😂
This guy most comfortable to listen and watch. Watching since presentation of s21 violet. 🔥
ah so this review is quite pointless, americans get snapdragon but the rest of us get exynos. No real performance reviews from "top" reviewers.
Just ordered the S24plus. Conveniently my phone dropped off my end table and the screen chipped on the bottom left corner. DARN IT! 😂 WOOOOOHOOO.
Excited for the full review before pre-ordering!
If you have S22 ultra. Don't upgrade. It is the same, trust me. Nothing big honestly. Not worth it. Save your money
it’s just a theory… yeh mat pat! 3:43
How can we say the bezel is thinner on every new phone? Is the display going to be wider that the body of the phone one of these days?
All variants does not have 8gen 3...validate
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra is a iPhone 16 Pro Max killer the soecs of 16 Oronmax are same as iPhone 15 Pro Max just with WiFi 7nmy predicable Apple prediction cheso lazy no innovation 😂
S25 more zoom options 400 MP camera 100 selfie camera 8K60 HDR10+
only the ultra is running the snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip, the other ones use an in house cpu, but it got basically the same (often better surprisingly) results in benchmarks.
I don’t understand the “I wish it starts at 256gb” but that option is available. The 128gb being there doesn’t affect anything.. just buy the one you want
Samsung can't win, gets criticized for curved screens, when they finally make it flat, they get criticized for copying apple.
AI can use both Qualcomm Snapdragon and Exynos. In other words, AI technology is Samsung's technology, not Qualcomm's technology.
Why am I listening to this video in Spanish 😂???
yea so although the flagship phones are so expensive but you get the top tier of everything they have at the time to where you would not need to change phones so often. Im still running my galaxy note 22 ultra and dont see myself changing it anytime soon
Empty video All specifications are listed on each website!
Empty video All specifications are listed on each website!
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 5.5$  Day : 5  Thank you for the video. Super Excited to get the phone.
Dude, Where are u?
I have a feeling that the more ai gets used with photos the more stuff we cant believe
Samsung Galaxy Is The King 👑
When's the review coming out. Need to decide between this, pixel 8 pro or iPhone 15 pro
Samsung the best
You are the most sensible tech blogger. Yeah ofcourse, you are the pioneer!
4:21 Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Great in USA Market But in India Samsung Launch S24 & S24+ with Exynos 2400 LoL only S24 Ultra With Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 😢 This Exynos Chips are Sucks For Overall Performance 🤮
When are you reviewing OnePlus 12?
Man I just got the 15 pro max, I’m seriously thinking of trading it in for this phone!
Is there an emergency satellite connectivity?
Samsung becoming iPhone and vice versa
My Xiaomi from 3 years ago has a feature where you double tab the lock button and google screen search pops up with a little crop box to do EXACTLY what the circle to search feature does, so why is everyone acting like this is new?
Better buy s23 ultra or s24 ultra?
As always writing a comment to support the channel
I just got a Samsung S24 ad while watching this video lol
6:48 The Phone Call Live Translation is crazy cool. I hope it works well
Nice
Samsung phone owners: "Apple slightly changes the shape and you buy a new one and Apple phones are ugly"  iPhone owners: "You were saying????"
Wow,such a good feature...  I like it so much.
I love my 23 ultra but, the 24 is looking great so far.
Did you mean to say S24 and S24+ are going to look like an iPhone? I just think that they do, I don't have the problem with that since a case covers everything but the front. On my last phone, I didn't use a case because I liked the feel of the phone without it. That's why I had to upgrade. I dropped it and shattered the screen after over a year of using it without a case and multiple drops onto concrete.  I used to have both an iPhone and Samsung phone when I used to travel for work to tinker around with the different features and play Pokémon GO. I switched to using Android, primarily, after the iPhone 4 since Android offered more freedom in it's software and the hardware wasn't as proprietary.  I wish they would get rid of the camera bumps and front camera cutout once and for all. Or at least make a version of the phone for people that don't need it. If I wanted to take selfies, I would start using social media and if I wanted to take pictures of stuff I'd get a camera. It just ruins the aesthetic of the phone as well as hinders your content view.
ok, so nothing new but the ai stuff, great
This phone is so fast its insane.
Copied iPhone design. Embarrassing
upgraded from S23 Ultra to S24 Ultra The brightness ( and contrast) is way better on S23 Ultra, no matter what settings I have. I'm a bit confused. Am I doing something wrong?
What brand magnetic wireless charger is that at the end?
Solid summary. I'm rocking an S21 Ultra and I'd love to hear some thoughts on that 3-year upgrade schedule. (Switching to an S24U from the S21U)
You can tell the hommie is an apple fanboy!
Thanks for pointing it out  128GB S24 is just a marketing gimmick to spend $100 more on the 256 and im fed up with the phone industry.
Shoutout to MattPat🎉
OnePlus 12 review coming? Maybe?
This dude has to be the most intelligent and coolest tech savvy you tuber on you tube this dude really knows his stuff I just watched his IPhone 15 pro video this dude is absolutely amazing he inspired me. Congratulations on your 911 that's a huge huge accomplishment and you got in black that's the best color hands down.
I love your insights but you said I have to do some test to see if its not just APPLE  homework being done. Sampson is ahead of apple 1000%. the features on galaxy can't even compare. Everyday i see video of 50 things the iphone doesn't have that GALAXY DOES. Didn't like how you leaned on iphone.... {trash} phones
Pre-ordered mine. Excited. Now release the Galaxy Ring. I hate wearing a watch!
Anyone else think Samsung should release some sort of an ultra mini phone?
BIASED MUCH?
I think is time to leave the iphone
The edged screens really look good on a Samsung phone u can confirm with that yourself, of all the designs Samsung has had this is the worst on of a screen display.
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 5$  Day : 4  I have an exam after 3 days.
7:05 Hindi
Is google lens is A.I ?
Should I upgrade to S24 Ultra? [iPhone 12 Mini] Hi Everyone,  Hope everyone's well.  I am planning on upgrading to S24 Ultra. I currently own a iPhone 12 Mini (128Gb) and have had it for since March 2021. I know the first question would be size difference between the two. Previous to iPhone I had an Note 8 for 3 years and the only reason I upgrade to iPhone 12 mini was my first phone was an iPhone 5, so kinda nostalgia trip plus I absolutely loved the one handedness. I still love the one handedness of the phone. in fact I am putting below a list of downsides and upsides of my present iphone. Would love your thoughts on the matter.  Downsides of my current iPhone:  S-Pen - I use to take extensive notes on my Note 8. I read a lot and find annotations very important.  Reading is an issue. I like to keep my pdfs and ebooks handy and in a page size. Issue is in that size the fonts are too small on the small screen. Plus I used to read regularly on my previous phone while laying in bed. Something I don't do with this one because of the size.  Battery life is HORRIBLE! I can REALLY use a good battery phone.   Stuff I love about my iPhone:  One handedness. I REALLY love the size.  Specs are still decent. No lag. Works fine.  OS updates  Also, I am planning on keeping the new phone for the next 5-6 years [till the battery dies essentially]. I don't mind switching OS. Not part of any ecosystem.
"This is all a theory, a lens theory" 😢😢😢
When Marquez said "Bixby" at 9:37  it activated my bixby 😅. Was it just me?
iPhone looking design 🙂
🔥🔥🔥
Seems like the chip can do frame interpolation when converting regular video to slow-mo video. Fascinating!!😮
Every things seems cool.Display of S24 Ultra Just looks like RedMagic Phones.Curve Display aways looks cool never felt bored from it.
Samsung sending mails to pre-order customer there is unforseen delays in delivery S24 Ultra and dont know when it will be delivered . Very disappointed with Samsung.
Can you give a genuine review f s24 twenty four ultra is having any heating issues in comparison to s23 s twenty three ultra?
Apple makes something, it doesn't make sense... some other companies does it later, great feature and design... Most of the Common users mindset....
What did you say? Just blatantly copying apple's homework,? Are you sure Just be honest bro. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love the decision of Samsung going for a flat screen. The one I was really hoping for.  I hope they dont go back to curved screens ever again
I’m waiting for all of the Samsung fanboys to make the same complaints about the iPhone design and year-to-year similarity, now that the Samsung Galaxy 24 basically resembles an iPhone. 🤣
This seems pretty dangerous  Nice i dont upload my photos on Internet
When was it released
Damn. They are doing all this stuff & I still got my Note20
I was enjoying the review till MKBHD just spoilt it bysuggesting that Samsung wasjust "copying apples homework"!  Like really ? you are holding a phone that in your own words does direct voice translation!, allows you to adjust and move parts of your photograph easier than the pixel does with a brighter screen than any apple device....al things that no apple phone can yet do and what you came away with from that was "copying apples home work"! Jeez, your apple bias is just screeming nowadays ...its disturbing
Makes you miss LG phones. Wish they still made smart phones
Finally going back to iPhone after the Galaxy Ultra 23 and a decade with Samsung. The camera that never lives up to the specs, the weakness of the screens, Samsung's awful service. This phone could make my morning coffee for me and I'd still be saying no. Peaceeee
I have an s8+ and now I am finally upgrading to an s24 ultra. Hopefully it is worth it!
Don't watch   Same thing as the s23 ultra
Fine I'm switching back to Android.
Does oneUI now have Seamless updates?
Will it have removable sd cards I miss my sd cards
Apple needs to up their game after this
S23 has screen search you just can't circle..it's a box.
Is that search allowed for anything other than Google. I don't like using Google. They're too nosy. Not to much  if s fan of this A.I stuff. If it does all that for you then doesn't it mean it's reading your information
Im bummed about the 5x downgrade im someone who actually uses 10x alot ive already pre ordered it so im hoping its still good
My s20 is still going hard.
Questions you should ask Samsung 1) Do you think they will add Galaxy AI on the S23 Ultra as the two phones are not that much different. 2) If they want to bring back the flat screen, why not bring back the SD card slot if they want to "resurrect" the Note series? Which the S24 Ultra is 'trying' to be
he uses 3 button navigation in 2024...
S24 Ultra design reminds me of my old and beautiful Nokia Lumia 925
It sucks how the standard version sucks compared to the ultra, I just wish it was smaller or else I would buy it
Great Video what is a major difference?
Easy to crop out those AI watermarks in pics & vids. Just saying.....
Samsung is racist broo 8:12
Prefer the form factor of the non ultra. Not a huge fan of the square corners. They should have kept the note so we had an option.
Hey Marques, a kind request to mention in the full review(s) that the s24/+ come with the Exynos 2400 instead of the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 outside of the US, Canada, China, and South Korea. I live in the EU and this is a deciding factor for me. There is outcry on the forms over this change, with the Exynos chip being branded as the worst quality in previous Samsung phones. The s23 came with Snapdragon 8 which has been received very well. I am honestly considering importing an s24 from the US just to avoid the Exynos chip. I would like to hear your thoughts.
I was thinking what happened with Marq, does he knows Spanish now? I do not why but the audio track was default in Spanish.😅
i had the visual search by a simple 2 fingers long press over anything on the screen for years on my huawei
You are paid agent of Apple 👎 just Shame on you.
Are you promoting Lgbt by that rainbow animation?😕
Watching this early review, especially after watching MrWhoseTheBoss review.  I can't help but feel this was abit underwhelming n highly glossed over.   For a phone that is the main competitor to the iPhone, and from what other reviewers have covered, abit more detail seems to have been intentionally left out.   All well. Let's wait n see the main review when it drops
Hi Marques!!! first of all I want to say that I love your videos, I always watch them! Since you have tried almost every phone I think you can help me. I own a small business and I have to take a lot of pictures, now I use Galaxy S20, I am a Galaxy user since forever, but the camera is terrible, it gets hot right away, and a lot, it shuts down, I have to put it in the fridge. I would love to stay in the Galaxy ecosystem, but I have read that apparently all S models have the same problem with the camera. What do you recommend? Thanks!!!
My Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 4.7$  Day : 3  Going Well!
AI features is free until the end of 2025 and then we have to purchase monthly subscription
Good
Samsung and their users have mocked iPhone, but now they are becoming more of what they mocked, what a shame. No wonder they are not talking about it, they just completely ignore it.
I wonder if you care about charging speed and battery, such as charging power above 100W, full charge in 30 minutes or even 20 minutes, battery capacity above 5000 mAh
I work in tech retail, and when preordering of new samsung started, they advertise it as first ai phone. Me holding my pixel 7.....
I hate samsung removed the curve edges I blame MKBHD
Iphone 2.4 lol , but seriously Samsung was always  better , cool features
Sir , please could you tell me 23+ or 24+ Exynos on basis of battery drain SOT and standby drain . I want to buy 24+ but negative reviews have come up. But I want it from you.
Still on the fence about upgrading from my S22 Ultra to the new S24 Ultra. Better battery and camera would be nice
I was quite impressed with the AI's ability to translate what you said into Korean.  Pretty accurate.
Something is off about this video
Isn't the circle the screen thing basically Google Lens?
My s21 is going strong. I want a pixel when it's on sale just for the call screening.  And back to quad hd. They did that like 2-3 years ago and then dropped the resolution.
Do A55, do they look identical.
When is it coming out ?
It hacked your video. I thought the ad was temp for two minutes
That live translation is dope
Apple getting left in the dust as usual
love how you said "...its way more interesting... on the outside."
Dang cases don't ship until March and April smh
Im copping it..thought it..i like the AI upgrades, more battery,....im just getting it. It would drive me nuts if i didnt.
S24 and S24+ comes again with Exynos in some countries. Only Ultra with snapdragon. What a joke lol. Btw boring phones like iphones and many other "new" releases. But AI looks great, of course not in iphones because it takes them forever to implement something useful and good
I like them going back to regular screens, curved displays were dumb & it made it difficult to use some features that used those edges.
Not in every country all the S24 get a snapdraon. In some countries the S24 and the plus (not the ultra) get samsungs own Exynos cpu
That dbrand case goes so hard
You stole 2 phones this time.
Can you compare the camera to the note 20 ultra?
I do miss the curve ngl, it was way sexier plusvthe round sides
Excelente video. Salu2 desde México
What we wanna see is lower prices on these phones!!
Dude where's the full review already? I mean it's the only thing making me wait to preorder.
There are some rumors that the ai features will be free in 2024 but not after that
Good. Curved screens were hell on screen protector selection and placement.
all i want to know is if there is camera lag or not.
If apple had done any of these, your excitement would've been crazy! You are biased recently!
Wow that was weird! My YouTube suddenly changed into Spanish, and it sounded just like you! It took me way too long to realise that you weren’t just doing a bit!
As an 14 pro user this is mighty tempting. Somebody wanna convince me to stay with Apple 😂
Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 4.3$  Day 2
No micro sd slot?
The Snapdragon version are out only in USA, Canada & China. Rest of the world it has an Exynos chipset. It would be interesting if you try to get your hands on both the models & review it. Tks.
The Samsung seems to have finally surpassed the iPhone. It was just a bootleg first, though.
This is funny:  S23 Ultra 10x zoom 10megapixel 1x zoom 200megapixel So if you remove the 10x zoom from s23 Ultra it week have 20x zoom at 10megapixel via the 200megapixel 1x sensor.   They should have put a 10x zoom with 50megapixel to call it an upgrade
this is not true about cpu, because only few countries have snapdragon for all of 3
In India except s24 ultra rest two models have exynos 2400 processor
This is the business phone iPhone is the personal phone no cap
I just want to know what technologies are used for fingerprint and face unlock.
S23 ultra 🤮     s22 🤢 s20  and note 10 😊
Note 10 plus for the win.    Last.  Great Samsung phone.
waiting for Huawei p70 pro / art the real king of camera
dude in Europe only the s24 Ultra has the snapdrangon, the other ones have the Exynos chip from samsung and they cost more money in Europe too....WTF is that samsung??
My question is if I have the Samsung s23 ultra is it really worth the update?
are you sure about the snapdragon ? The exynos variants is out ?
Finally the flat screen is back can use a proper screen protector
Minchia ma Giovanna ti ha abbandonato oramai, comunque ti prego fai uscire il nuovo merch shock che ora non sono stirato e posso comprarlo
YES! NO CURVE! THANK YOU, SAMSUNG GODS! THANK YOU FOR SMILING DOWN UPON ME!
That shoutout to mattpad is cool ❤
In Europe s24 and s24+ got exynoss 2400 🤮
Man looking for the sauce will be so much easier with this phone.
Outside of the phones and the camera screen look so much like the iPhone. I may have to try lol 😂
This might be a dumb question. But what is the camera besides the ultra wide? Is it for portraits?
9:36 - You activated Bixby on my phone lol
Still punch hole design....that's ridiculous....they should provide under display camera just like fold 5...
Meh, boring like a new iPhone
You could try cropping out the galaxy ai water Mark
I can’t wait for these features to come to iPhone.
i've noticed ur video plays in the background wothout premium
🔴 Samsung isn't copying apple
waiting for the cameras to stop performing and everyone suddenly becomes happy
I heard a rumour, ohoo Samsung look like an I phone,no this looks exactly like an iphone just to be honest here.mkbhd prove it
Is it Qi2 enabled ?
they didn't have to do that!!! are you serious? 1000$ + smart phone, no sd card, no head phone....
Does all ai stuff also work on s24 and 24+ or just ultra ?
thanks Marques. I think I will get the S24U to replace my S20+ . I'm glad that Bixby looks like it's being deprecated - it's the first thing I disable and that the AI is embedded Google. Otherwise, I would have gone Pixel Pro 8. looking forward to the S-Pen too - it's been years since using a stylus input.
I'm upgrading from the galaxy s10 to the s24 ultra. Gonna be a big jump lol
idk why everyone is so WoWed by this image google search from anywhere, i 've been doing that in Pixel phone with lens for 3-4 years now. I mean its the same thing and they brought it to their phones, its nothing new.. Transcription with speaker recognition is on Pixel phones as well for a while.. nothing new there..
Excited to know how battery performance is especially for the little guy s24!
I don't use an s-pen so the S24+ it is then.
I am a devoted Apple user, and I think Apple should be serious about the iPhone 16 because the opponents are strong.
Man that skirt thats been hightlighted costs $1k++ ? What the heck lol
Just so so
Loved the Game Theory reference
The Ultra reminds me of the Lumia series. Nokia really had futuristic designs way back then indeed.
POV: Iphone fanboi tests a samsung
The S24+ 512GB seems like a better flagship than the Ultra to me, f you don't need the mega-zoom camera on the Ultra, the 1TB storage or the S Pen. The rounded corners look much nicer and are smother to hold in your palm than the square corners of the Ultra. The S24+ is 36g (~16%) lighter than the Ultra at 196g vs 232g. It has the same screen brightness and resolution at a slightly more managable size, resulting in better pixel density (ppi) than the Ultra, so everything will look better. The S24+ is also 3.8mm shorter, 3.1mm narrower width, and a whopping 0.9mm thinner, whilst only sacrificing 100mAh battery. This weight and size difference translates to huge quality of life and usability improvements when using your phone in bed for example, holding it above your face, or sideways.   The only real loss I'd say is the lack of Gorilla Glass Armor on the Ultra, with the same old Gorilla Glass Victus 2 on the S24+. Gorilla Glass Victus 2 suffers heavily from micro-scratches, more than the last few versions of Gorilla Glass. They significantly sacrificed scratch protection for drop protection with Victus 2. It seems like Gorilla Glass Armor makes it so you don't ever need to worry about a screen protector, and a case would only be to protect against minor scratches/dents on the back and sides from drops. You could probably use the S24 Ultra completely naked (without a screen protector or case), which is exciting.  Hopefully next year, across the whole range (S25, S25+ and S25 Ultra), they add Gorilla Glass Armor and upgrade the maximum storage to at least 1TB. I'd also like to see them include the flagship camera setup across the sizes and just continue the Ultra for people who want the S Pen and biggest screen. I'd also like 1440p resolution on the S24 base model for maximum pixel density (ppi), even though this would negatively affect battery life it would be nice to have the choice.
"a new photo that is...  Just completely fake!"  That made me LOL quite hard!
Of course you're an Apple shill
The S24 starts at 256GB and goes up to 512GB outside USA/Canada.
FREE CONGO FREE AFRICA
Can't decide wether i'll get the 15 pro max or the 24 Ultra, recommendations?
Samsung AI = full of bs
I'd like to hear more about how hardware was optimized for AI (how is it different from s23 hardware).
most important thing for me is battery life. I need one and a half day of usage from ultra, like iPhone pro Max.
I want s24 ultra specs in an s24 chassis. Those curved corners instead of perpendicular lines, you feel me?
My S8 had quad HD
The most Ugly flagship phone ever
MATPAT REFERENCE
currently using an S21. Is S24 a good upgrade? 😅
Not worth $1299.00!
I heard that they already have most of things (camera, chips) for the S26 since 2023.
Flat screen is a huge improvement. Much more usable
just wanna point out 4:15 that S24 also has 8/512 variant
It's Exynos 2400 in europe 😭 (except the Ultra)
Just bought my s23 ultra March 2023, mmmm, shall I bother with getting upgrade?
Those prices, who is buying these?
Preordered a Samsung S24 Ultra! Been a long time iPhone user and I'm so excited to try Samsung this time :)
will they be able to thin in out like the samsung galaxy note 3
Full of bloatware.
Bro its time to retire that nappy ass hair style😂😂 grow up
Does the s24 and s24plus get all the same ai stuff?
Love the matt finish and finally stepping away from that awful curved screen and back.
Samsung back to using Apple design language?   Time is a flat circle indeed
How do you think will Flip series get much better this year?
Thumbs up for Hindi 👍 Love from India ❤
didnt say much about the software features in messaging
You should've mentioned that Samsung ships the new S24 phones with Exynos processors everywhere, except US and Japan. I see that as a huge deal breaker for me as the Exynos CPUs are garbage compared to Snapdragon.
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Looks like the Note...
missing an high quality dac and headphone out
Marques reactions/reviews  Samsung- Does things drastically different (atleast as compared to Apple) Marques - meh, it sounds familiar, existed before, should hv more ram, I don’t see people using it much   Apple - literally the same device with just a minor change in hardware  Marques - so guys it’s a brand new phone, I see how it would benefit lot of people (with no ram changes/design/same old charging speed/no new features )  Someone is skewed towards Apple for some reason 😅
Awesome as always. Is there any chance you put screen protector and give us an update if reflection get worst? I wanna know if anti reflection works with screen protectors? Thanks in advance
Same old shit
Compare s24+ snapdragon version with s24+ exynos version, specially in terms of battery drain, heat management, throttling, performance drop, and other differences. Majority of the world is getting exynos and are alot concerned about the past history of exynos and differences from snapdragon, plz compare.
by seeing your videos,i would like to say that if you donate half of your monthly income from YouTube to me each month, i could be a millionaire someday😅
Who else realizes mrwhosetheboss is overtaking mkbhd
Is it true that users will have to pay for the AI features after 2025?
Looks exactly like a iPhone, it’s crazy lol
Forgot to mention the SUBSCRIPTION for the galaxy Ai after 2025
Exynos 2400 in Europe (24/24+)
The best smartphone up to date!
Samsung now is the perfect I was iPhone fan but now Samsung impress me more.
It's a shame that they restricted the RAM and screen resolution on the S24 but I'm just one of the 5 people left who thinks phones have gotten too big in my opinion.
Upgrade we both know MK that the 6 edge 7 8 9 plus/edge had 1440p screens back then they dumbed it down made everyone forget they took 1440p out after the 9 i believe
Iphone fan boy
I'm Korean. Translation is very accurate. Wow.
AI features are good. But, there should be an option to turn off these unnecessary AI features in order to safeguard our privacy....
Still no 16GB RAM??? My S20 Ultra has 16GB. Still no reason for me to upgrade lol
Had issues getting a hold of dbrand support. 🥲 Anyone else?
Like the @knoll add 😊
Is s24 worth upgrade s23. I have s23 8/256
Finally a flat ultra! The only thing I don't like about my old note and s23 ultra. I just don't use the edge function at all and I feel I lose screen space, but I don't wanna give up the stylus. Man this is making it hard to not upgrade, I just upgraded last year.
What are the security concerns if any with AI being baked into the system to such an extend?
I'm going to be upgrading to this phone from my Motorola moto g stylus 5g 2022. I'm very excited!
Peiple Spend so much money on phones for useless features.
What sweatshirt is he wearing in this video, I want it!
I am Samsung user. They really have issue with battery drain and heating issue.
I think we are reaching peak smartphone design, all phones are become the same thing in a slightly different package
Went to order that dbrand case but they don't ship until 1-2 mo after the phone arrives lol. Now who's the one being lazy.
Samsung Xperia S4 Ultra 😁 😆
Still 8gb memory on 2024.  Battery life and how fast it charges is unchanged.  No improvement in zoom.  Smartphone innovation is basically dead.
This was awesome reviewing....all point to point ......just like the great old time of yours.
Fun Fact: MagSafe cases for Galaxy Ultra phones prevent S-Pen from working properly.
My Current Savings to buy an S24 Ultra : 4$  I think i can do it in less than 2 years.  i will Document it here.
Nothing Samsung does is a copy of Apple, much less a blatant copy. You've got it twisted around. Similarities are expected, but that's not the same as copying.
all these feaures, but you're not gonna buy it anyway. iphone babyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
What!  Blatantly copying Apple ? 😂😂😂 The champions of plagiarism.
I love the screen curve
Do they have the live translation on iPhone?
Is it just me or have most phone reviews in the past few years started with "they're more interesting than they look" then proceed to list things current phones already have
The AI is in the ultra only or across all models?
Exynos 2400 is terrible in daily use. Imagine Intel E cores without the Windows Thread Director, very hitchy when switching between apps and daily UX use. Will Samsung optimise it more? We want to take the risks? Samsung does not sell Exynos in their home market, not in their biggest North America market, not in competitor China market. That tells you their lousy intention
Thanks! Will be waiting for the review...especially the heating issue
I hope for the next line, they upgrade the RAM to 16 on the Ultra Series. Like they did on the S21 Ultra.. NO one wants a TOP TIER flagship phone that's $1300 with 12 Gb of RAM
I think Samsung need to work on building more powerful prosessor than snapdragon processor to compete with apple so that they can differentiate from other Android phones
Really not going to be able to trust anything you see anymore. Fake ass world getting even faker
I hate were Samsung is going with this
You don't mention the exynos rubbish we're getting in the UK and beyond......
25W charging for the galaxy s24 is a BIG L
S20&S20+: Quad HD is not a bumped up at all
about the "real time conversation translation" it would be interesting to see how accurate it is for asian or middle east languages
Why even release a new phone each year if it's the same?
I was just mulling buying the 23! I hate how phones are just changing every year
Samsung knights ?
Brah gotta wait march April for a case anyone for a hook
All the AI features are only free for a year - then they will cost you.
Google already losing the AI battle. The fact pixel can translate and subtitle audio, yet when you try to do it in a call it doesn't work. It's just embarrasing
The sad thing is that Apple will copy these features in the future and people will go crazy 😥
Im never disappointed with any of your videos.. thank you.  Not sure that I will upgrade from my S23 ultra... but love some of the A.I stuff..
The curve is what made the phone so beautiful. People were in awe whenever they saw my s23 over the boring flat iphone.  There is no coolness factor with Samsung now. Very sad
This phone is a massive upgrade from s23. Id pay $5000 for this phone over s23. Kudos to Samsung for making the most amazing phone ever by a mile
I was using S22, was a great phone, then I switched to OP11 (still on it) now I'm thinking either OP 12 or S24. I change my phones every few months because it's my small tech hobby anyways.
People will use this to spy on neighbors in cities. Hope everyone closes their curtains permanently
People will be using this to peep on neighbors in cities. Hope everyone has their curtains permanently closed
A whole new team for that thumbnail?
Bixby is BS!!! I never used it! It's so annoying! They better make the button customizable! Imho.
7:59 he was reading the comments when he took the selfie
Apple are the ones copying,  they have no significant innovation,  just doing what has already been done years ago.  Your video are always biased to me
I want pen but also want smaller phone one day, one day
Unpopular opinion: the S24 Ultra not having a curved edge screen looks like the phone came straight out of 2018.  2:13
I want to see if the AI calls can also censor live like the Google closed caption does. I have a video to prove
That's it. No need for an Iphone anymore. I loved Iphones just for their flat screen and flat borders (but haven't bought any because I'm a Samsung fan). And now, there's one more reason not to buy Apple's phones. Woohoo
👍🏽
Thanks for say it: “S24 looks exactly like the iPhone”🙉 I prefer the original, not a copy… btw the S24 Ultra looks good!
24+ ❤
We’re still getting an iPhone
Shoutout to MatPat❤
No one is talking about this PIMPLE 😮
For the Ultra a 5x and 10x cameras would make more sense to me. With the 200mp main camera the 2x and 3x digital zooms should be good enough with how powerful the phone supposedly is.  This is most likely a cost cutting strategy. If they actually wanted to improve the cameras, they would have increased the resolution on the Telephoto cameras, while keeping the optical magnification.
Samsung just copied Google's AI and claimed It's Their 😂
Still paying my last phone off but I paid enough so that I have 1 more payments instead of 6 so I'm getting the s24 ultra soon 😈
Shadows dont change it seems after the magic photo edit
Soon phone reviews will be a 2 minutes video cause there’s nothing new to add to this phones
Actually for all these so called AI features, you don't need AI.  So I'm very sceptical.  There is more around labeled AI which actually isn't.
More spec numbers
Read something on the web stating that the S24 ultra's S Pen won't work if you put on a mag safe case...
Wow how is Apple going to respond to this?
I'm hoping the S24 magsafe case will work well. On the S22 ultra, Magsafe cases caused major problems. Phone signal drop outs, poor 4G and 5G, and S Pen usually didn't work at all
Finally back to flat screens. I really dislike curved screens.
Fun fact about bixby: you can get an app that replaces it with Google :)
Can we just take a moment to appreciate how sexy the s24 ultra looks. I just pre ordered a 24 ultra the other day and CANT WAIT for it to arrive.
Whats so good about A.I.?.why are people so obsessed of fake pictures??what's the point of keeping a picture if it isn't real??
Useless this time boxy with out fashion and very boring plus ai with very low real time use and even removed curved screen which was a highlight for a flagship samsung screen..
I am still using my Huawei Mate 20x from 2018 and it is still rocking. You guys dont need to upgrade every single year.
assuming all the AI features are rely on the internet right ?
Marques what is your take on the tech industry's effect on the environment?
The most iphone-ish galaxy S since the S3
Note 10 plus was at it’s peak to be honest
can the s24 face-unlock be fooled? with fotos same as with the s22 could?  and are multiple users available as in one-ui 5?
It's about time someone copied Apple's features. Android's been doing Apple's work for long enough.
Coming from a Note 9. This S24Ultra is missing all the real perks. The selling points that makes it worth it are all software perks that if you want to enjoy in two years you will have to pay a monthly fee for it on a phone that you already pay for. Read the small letter on the advertisement. 1-Iris and face recognition for when you are using gloves is gone 2-Notifications Led so you know you got something without having to turn the screen to check (save battery) is gone 3-Finger reading on the correct position. Back where your index finger naturally rest is gone. 4-Headphone jack is gone 5-Bixby button configurable for extra functions is gone. Now is just a screen with cameras on the back where all the extras are software related that you don't own. So they will start charging you next year for what you think you are buying now. It's very sad.😢
still ain't nothing can beat iPhone's camera
What am I hearing about all the AI features being part of subscriptions? Is it true that the phone comes with one year free subscription of the AI features and then needing to subscribe to use those features?
Hmmmm when the s23 comes out ,you behave like no other phones is better than the s23.look now s23 is thrown under d bus ,so i wait for the s25 for this s24 to be thrown aswell.
exynos
ya. almost totally copying iphone
Wow, they didn’t even attempt to make a different design. That looks exactly like an iPhone. What a shitty design team.
I hate that samsung copy apple's design. Why copy such a boring design? Can't they design their own thing? Sad samsung, sooo sad
It would be helpful if someone would compare the camera quality  of a phone using the operating system released originally with a phone and another one after several updates. I hear all the time that the software improves the camera quality but would like to see how much of an improvement this makes. 😅
I wpas expecting magsafe like imbeded magnets.
I clicked this because I thought this was $24 lol
They need to retire Bixby
And people still think apples better
Very powerful AI especially googling a mini skirt 😅
I was impressed when you cropped the skirt for the image search, and it gave you such an accurate result. AI has definitely come a long way!
I think it's high time Samsung gets it's own developed software like Apple has because it's the same android features we see on the market everyday with different brands and models. It's make it kind of boring no matter the specs.. Android is android my brother. Although Samsung is a pioneer but this Android thing makes it boring
I have the s22 ultra. Should I jist wait like 2 or 3 more years? Seems like not as much improvement
It does look like an iPhone.
I don't want use Bixby... Wtf
Translation thing is cool Other thing are just gimmicks
This is worth!! Finally can upgrade my samsung s8!
Apple  is always stealing ideas from Samsung....FACTS! Please stop taughting Apple iPhones as one of the best phones is a boring interface as well as aesthetics...boring. Love your videos, though.😅
Looks like Z model line of Sony
Masques please I am asking for any of the phone that you packed in your studio please 🙏 I will be so grateful
Lack of curved screen, only real negative
Audio is off in the outro
Wont the main camera with digital zoom produce equally good photo at 3x, making the 3x module redundant?
Samsung fucks up every year.. i would have bought a samsung if the s24 had the same specs of the s24 ultra.. like the 15 pro has the same specs as the 15 pro max!! I dont want a big phone! Samsung loses this every year
That iPhone looks funky
Does this phone support mmwave and would upgrade from a s10+5g?
I being you may have touched on this in your video, but when you do your in-depth review of the S24 series, can you please talk in more detail about this PAY FOR AI feature in or after 2025. I find this very concerning. After paying a premium price, samsung wants to nickle and dime you for features that should be free!!!!!
I guess iphone needs to compete with something else now, cause Samsung just took off.🙌🏿 this is classic ❤
Why won't they make the battery bigger 😫
Is the Samsung OS still the worst in the Android space or did they finally remove the gimmick bloat and trim it down?
I haven't had excitement for a phone since the Note came out.  I'm looking forward to the upgrade.
Out of the topic but does anyone else noticed that this video supports PIP while others do not ?
NOBODY CARES ABOUT SAMSUNG
Who thinks the they should bring the edge back? 🙄
Same old boring sad design
Ah, I hate that they made the s24 ultra more boring than the last ones, I have a s22 ultra and am happy with it, but it's like, people complaining about the curved edges and Sharp corners, are the same people that complain that all smartphones are the same, yeah obviously. Wonder when they will remove the spen because people say they don't use it much
So no noticble upgrade from the s23 except they stole apples design.
The AI picture editor looks amazing. As an iPhone user I wish I had that ngl. Although there are some apps in the App Store most are paywalled
Been a samsung user all my life and I love the fact that you can now google stuff without even typing what you want. BRILLIANT. I was waiting for times like this. Well done samsung.
I'm looking forward to the 100% flat rectangle display among many other things on the Ultra. I haven't done a flagship upgrade since the Note8. I grabbed a North Carolina Tarheel blue 512GB model which will be plenty good enough for me. I'm excited about this upgrade. 😃
Marques just can't do a Samsung review without mentioning Apple anymore... your bias is duly noted.
can you turn off the AI?
WHY DO AMERICANS SAY "10 EX" AND "3 EX". X MEANS "TIMES", AS IN, 10 TIMES, AND 3 TIMES. THIS IS SO SO SO SO ANNOYING!
The pixel was last year. This year pixel is not out yet
Heavy on the Bixby comment. I really wish they turned Bixby into something similar to chat gpt, would have been so cool!!
I have been using the 24 Ultra for 2 days atm, the camera's are great. I love the bigger megapixel 5x zoom, the 10x, which I used a lot actually, is way better. The AI is good and bad in places. I love the circle to search and the slo mo on your video's.
Meanwhile Europe gets exynos 2400 in s24/s24+ and only Ultra gets SD 8 gen 3
Samsung is finally taking a page from Apple with putting out the same phone but with a updated software
Not sure why would you flaunt apple while talking about other phones. Please check the titanium material is originally samsung's research!😊
Can I get something for that phone so I can used my 1TB sd card on it
S24 Ultra looks to be a big step in the right direction in terms of the camera, design & AI... compared to 24 and 24 Plus
word of the day "slightly"
love the lens theory and shoutout to matpat <3
I like to follow Marques experiences because he doesn't talk beyond what he has analyzed so he doesn't parrot the hype as fact even if it appears to be from credible sources
Assume the other person at the end of the phone also has to have an s24 for the live translation to work ?
Flat screen is shit, curved was good in the hand
Awesome
my s8 is QuadHd haha
Samsung’s baked in AI has def put Apple on notice.
Got s23 ultra on good sale, extremely happy. No justification in getting this given the cost difference.
I am so glad they are flat.  I often had issues with it picking up touches on the curve by mistake.
i shall wait for apple to launch this breakthrough circling-ai searching feature 10 years later.
Funny to say they stole apple stuff when samsung helps apple with there phone's but okay 😂
The sharp corners is the deal breaker for me.
Downgrade zoom🤢
Giving  my sister my samsung galaxy  s23 ultra  and i am getting  the s24 ultra  in purple
I was sincerely hoping to hear that every single shot was taken with a Samsung Ultra just like you dis with the iPhone 15 Pro Max😁
Every Samsung I own had burn in problems. Wonder will this still be a problem.
Samsung just destroyed iPhone  Well done Samsung ❤🔝🔝
The curved screen was samsungs signature look😭 Honestly iphones are the blueprint
Practically, the AI war era in our hand just started by Samsung. Way to go, Samsung ! We are living in a very interesting AI era that will be exciting and worrisome if you lose your AI phone.. filled with your ID...
How is Galaxy AI different than Google's photo software on a Pixel?
I have pre ordered it in our country it will be launched in 6 days from now and I'll get it on the same day op too excited 🎉🎉🎉😊 btw mine is Titanium Blue 🔵
I really like how Samsung is copying Apple
Apple owns Samsung that's why the designs rollout to daughter company too.
I don't really understand the cost increase justification. It should be same price as s24 series. Ultra price should have been lower than s23 ultra as I believe manufacturing curved screen is more expensive than flat scree.
How many times does marques says "across the board"?
@marques, the bard symbol does not simply mean "there is some AI available", it means that in those features, samsung is using Bard as the AI engine... which is EXCELLENT... and sometimes uses the paid for higher end versions of Bard... do a bard search for this to find out - "will the Galaxy s24 ultra have Google bard included"
I would like to buy the S24+, but with exynos processor? No thanks Samsung.
Finally a phone i can happily spend $1500 on.
thank you for the game theory reference and matpat shoutout ❤
Snore fest. Wake me up when they make something new and better
Sad to see the 10x go away I was hoping to see an improved optical zoom
AI in the voice recorder is probably most useful for students willing to record lectures in the class
In Oct 2022 I bought 14 pro max because I didn't had any other option but when in feb 2023 S23 Ultra was released I regretted my decision and decided to switch to s24 ultra next year but last month I upgraded to 15 pro max because I was getting a really good deal and though 15 pro max is a great device but I think I should've waited for s24 ultra
Great video.
The s24 looks just like the s23 FE
MKBHD can you shred some light on the possible charging for AI after 2025?
As a Korean, those translations are freaking spot on. that is amazing...hoping it's as accurate for other languages as well!
Korean translation is pretty good. Really cool feature.
I pre ordered mine for 500$
Copying apple's homework?! 😂
Honestly, ignoring all the marketing/media hype I still do not see any reason to upgrade from my s21 Ultra.  Hardware changes have been barely noticable (and in real life, I bet it's even less obvious than on paper). And most of these features seem to be software vs the S23 which means it's an identical phone when oneui 6.1 is released for the s23/s22 and maybe even s21
Samsung shamelessly copies Apple's design again. Glad to see they ditched the pointless 10x for a more usable 5x.
Hey Marques, when can we expect the full video from you? Samsung is doing crazy trade in deals if you preorder but that ends on the 30th of January. I would like to know if this is worth switching to android and not getting the Apple 15 Pro. Thank you!
wow
My Flip 5 is doing that visual search
Okay I buy electronics based of your recommendation.  I am upgrading from 23 ultra to 24 ultra. Thanks
If Samsung continues like this, in the future it will be the downfall of the iPhone
Damn this Samsung actually looks good
07:05 Hindi 😍
the conclusions is, it slightly like iphone guys😂😂😂
Samsung copying apple ahahha
apple phone is so boring and lousy as compared to new samsung phone...
Mediocre at best. Stick with the S22 Ultra🎉
Samsung have done it again ❤
S23 Ultra with a slightly faster processor
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra best of the best 👍👍👍
Please do a review on one of Doogee's phones
I was going away from Samsung I'm sticking with them now. I was going try the Google phone however since Samsung now the Google features I'm sticking with the family.
Its not snapdragon gen 3 across the globe S24 and S24+ has Exynos chipset in India and few other countries which is really disappointing
Starting taking trips to Japan, the translation features seem pretty awesome & useful.
Great, another year of Samsung doing stuff that is exciting and fun. I really wish Apple would get some soul back in their development process.
dbrand cases coming in March....ripppppp
Samsung food app is also pretty 🔥
Ooohhhhh boy I have a Z Flip 4 I think I'm ready to go back to a regular phone with the Ultra❤❤
So glad they dumped the curve.  That stopped me getting a Samsung for years
If the iphone did not exist would it still look like the iphone.
Audible translation in real-time whilst speaking. Respect. That's impressive.
I loved the curved screen
I'm baffled at how little outrage there is that Samsung has now used the same exterior design for 3 years in a row now, it's actually 4 if you count the rear camera layout!   That is some serious bull crap, especially since all of their latest A series phones look the same now as well.
Samsung is trash in my country cuz they release it with exynos. fuck samsung iphone better
不保值，跳水王价格
Outside of NA, S24 and plus variants will have the Exynos chip not Snapdragon 8 gen 3. So evidently AI is not pinned to the Snapdragon chip.
Next iPhone with AI 2024 😂
2:36 this is a significant mistake... Its NOT across the board, its only USA that will get snapdragon in the s24 and the s24+ The rest of the world will get exynos 2400 in the s24 and the s24+ Only the s24 ultrA will get snapdragon in all markets.
I would love to know if the real time translation is available on other calling apps such as whatsapp and wechat. Because absolutely NOONE is making an international call on native phone app, right? 😊
Still no headphone jack, still no sd card
do comparison between pixel 8pro and s24 ultra
'We've has google lens for years but this is better' What are you even on about? It's literally exactly the same thing, you can already select any part of your screen and search with lens with just a held home button. None of that is even a new feature. This entire video just sounds mostly like trying to justify them making the same phone year on year with basically no new features. And literally all of the other 'AI' features are the most basic photoshop and digital processing, this stuff is so incredibly basic, it's just that phones suck too much to run them efficiently. There is no AI to any of these features, its just basic floating point calculations, which arm is terrible at. I only switched from my S10+ because I was forced to when the battery inflated and I had an international flight literally the next day so had to grab another contract phone.
Samsung is going the way of apple and it's depressing. They keep taking features out no headphone jack no micro SD card slot and they're adding gimmicky features that are really cool for about 4 days never to be used again   where have we seen this before. Apple is famous for it. $1,500 for a rectangle that is no different than the last three phones let's face it phones have  gotten boring one UI is no different now than it was on the S9 Plus there's no really notable good lock changes. You're paying top-tier prices and not getting your money's worth when you can get a $400 a54 5G and still get a micro SD card slot.
It’s a Theory, a lens Theory 🎉
very interesting
Anyone remember sony z5 series
1 question.  Will I get the updates on my S20 FE 5G ?
The exact design I wanted. Always been looking for a squared edge samsung phone which never existed
미국인들은 스냅드래곤 전모델 탑재에다가 트레이드 인 등으로 저렴하게 살수 있으니 나라도 그 가격이면 평가가 굉장히 후할것 같다. 한국에서는 기본과 플러스는 엑시노스가 탑재되었고 현재 울트라의 출고가는 170만원 수준이다.
Remember the S6, S7, S8, S9, S10 and S20? Yeah... they all had quad HD displays. It's not a bump, it's going back to what they were
Finally samsung made a phone exactly like iphone. I am an android guy however I lovee iphone design.
Man I really should have waited to upgrade, oh well, there's always 2026
i stopped at the camera's that is apparently the same as the last years, so i'm keeping my s23 ultra.
Exynos?!??? 🤔🥱
Hey Marquez, how good is ai generated background blur?
Being a Samsung guy using a Google feature  without Google phone it's kinda make me feel useless
Impressions without a phone. Milking those money boi
Samsung should push the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 Gen processor in India. It's sad that it will be shipped with Exynos Chips again.
Will samsung include the Ai feature on s23 ultra and older versions?!
Watching  on my iPhone 15 plus😅
fire
iPhone s24 again and again… so..
No Hate but imagine 3-Button-Navigation in 2024... 😅
Sanpdragon only for US
Android phones play way more in favour of users and makes their life easier than iphones lol
I think the AI features can be added by a third-party apps in any phone
09:57 you talked about checking other stuffs that are not blatantly copying apple homework, whenever apple copied Samsung or Android homework, you guys will say its innovation. Hypocrisy of the highest order
Reminds me of  " Xperia "
Is Galaxy AI available for all series? Or just for the ultra?
Phone is already way too fast, maybe not PC fast, but every generation is like "here's a chip that 20% faster than last year", which is cool on paper, but almost no difference in real life uses So S24 going full software update is actually cool, especially integrating AI to stock apps
Yes Marques, when you said they looked very similar, I understood that you were talking about the design. You really didn't need to clarify.
Babel fish is here.
AI comes from Google right, Gemini?
Yeah, as if the squared overall appearance wasnt in their own note line-up.. i hate when recognized youtube just want to put everything on apple. It's the opposite imho
Mkbhd matpat is not on the internet anymore
Samsung excellent hardware but kills the consumer in softwares. I have the s20fe5g, have seen the camera getting marauded with every update.
Boring UI same with the affordable
I’m waiting for MKBHDR!
I miss the curve 😔 like the curved screens just looked and felt better
Those things I already have it on the Google pixel... 7
S24 Ultra looks like Nokia Lumia if it still was alive
Apple is down Samsung is up😅
3:46 MatPat is listening…
It's kind of a bummer imo that they make the Ultra that huge. I wish they had a "S24 pro" where it's the same camera but smaller in size.
Btw it was genius that you pronounced Korean then added Hindi(Indian) language and still popped up Korean! 😂😂😂
Nice vid
If there will be any Green Line on Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra display , then I won't buy it . Coz there's a Green line on my Samsung Galaxy S21 Ultra display after update on Android 14 . 😖😖😞😞
I adore the 10x lens on my S23U, and would hate to give it up as it opens up so many more photo opportunities. Looking forward to some comparisons between 10x on the new phone in comparison though!
Me watching this on my S23
Wonderful! Waiting for the full review.
Copying the iPhones again 😂
I love Samsung ❤
This video has pop up video playback for ever user
3:08 I just assumed that they wanted the 10x but Apple ordered more than Samsung had on hand or can produce for both the iPhones and the Galaxy Notes (I mean, Ultras) so they decided to drop it from the S24 because of lack of supply (and not wanting to piss off Apple--plus still making money from Apple) but ppl will still buy the S24 Ultra but for ppl who have the S23 Ultra, the only upgrade is the flat screen (if they are into that) and brighter screen. IMO.
On the new 5x camera on the S24 Ultra, compared with the old 10x. I can't find any specification of the size of the chip in the new camera. I know its 50MP, but chip size is at least as important. A couple of sites that do specify chip sizes don't have a figure for the 5x 50MP camera, so maybe Samsung is being coy? Other things being equal, that 5x (presumable = about 135mm full-frame focal length) is likely to be more useful to most people than a focal length that's getting hard to hand hold.
Fun fact. Budget phones started coming with curved displays and premium phones adopted flat displays 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Good. I love drawing. I got tired of the curb edge.. I buy again
Just so you guys know the gen 3 chipset isn't the reason for circle to search...it's all server based supported by Google...this is how this feature will come to other devices without the gen 3 chipset moving forward.   You do not need a gen3 (AI built-in chipset) to use circle to search.
"Shoutout to MATPAT" bro you made me cry
Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra! with the new Galaxy amazing AI features and 7 years OS updates just Wow!!! ✨💜 And now I want a S24! 😍💫
Should i upgrade from my 6 y.o S9+ to S24+ ?? 😂😂
More than meets the AI? 😁
Samsung is far ahead of competitiors in time
How to have eternal Life  1. Believe that you have sinned (done wrong) and that Jesus can save you. "All have sinned and have fall short of the glory of God"  Romans 3:23.  2. Ask God to forgive you and make your heart clean in Jesus name. "If we confess our sins, He is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness" 1 John 1:9  3. Tell Jesus that you want him to be Lord of your life (that you will serve him). "If you declare that Jesus is lord, and believe that God brought him back to life, you will be saved" Romans 10:9.  4. Trust Jesus to set you free from wanting to sin and to give you a new life that will never end. "Now you have been freed from sin and have become God’s slaves. This results in a holy life and, finally, in everlasting life" Romans 6:22
Was that "lense theory" a nod to the "Game Theory" channel?!!
Hardware is better in last year’s phone😄
Finally I can justify upgrading my 256gb S21
The cameras arrangement is Ugly
Thanks dude, I'll be sure to pick up the s30 ultra
Top spec S24 Ultra 1 TB variant Is cost around 1.6 lakhs in India   And the base variant of I phone 15 pro Max (256 GB) is 1.6 lakhs in India.   In my opinion purchasing a high-end flagship phone with lesser storage then spending extra money on cloud isn't a good idea. Cause nowadays internal apps and system memory require more space than ever so choose your device wisely.
Yeah !  Google be like now you can give me your data more comfortably,  so i can earn more through ads😂
Finally back to flat displays. Never understood the hype on curved displays. Took long enough to switch it back. I love my S22U but I'm preordering the 24 just for the flat display.
I'm a 6th grade social studies teacher, and every other Friday, I do current events. I included this phone's release as one of the stories they could write up, and as I was explaining it, they got every bit as excited as I was. I work at a very ethnically diverse school, and it got them captivated because someone who speaks only Spanish in an ELD (Language Arts) can converse with someone who only speaks French, when otherwise, they'd be isolated. We're actually planning on using this technology, but it was a pleasant surprise to see that it's included in the phone. Would make my job WAY easier at times. I still have an S21 Ultra, and with the prices I've seen, I might upgrade, honestly.
Love the design, only downfall is they should have kept the 10x. Personally I think the focal length really matters because it create good depth. Lower MP is also better since it will help with low light condition
just buy a laptop 😂
me instantly: "bruh why tf does it look like an iphone? 🤦🏾‍♂"
Im annoyed they dont have a 16GB memory 😤
Bye bye, iphone hello samsung s24aultra
For India they launched S24 and S24+ with Exynos 2400. Samsung playing shitty games again
The way things are moving, i feel more nervous about the unpredictability of future. Or maybe I just don’t understand these technologies. In either case its not a good sign for me.
Disappointed part is flat display 🙂
Just knew that S24 has a hood on it.. 😂
I think the ai watermark on the photos makes sense, even though its easy yo work around it kind of helps differentiate whats real and what was fabricated
All the S24s are not running the same Snapdragon chip across the board, that is only in the US.  Other markets they are downgrading the chip to the Exynos 2400 for the S24 and S24+
Recorded on the S24 Ultra?
that matpat reference
Looks the same, means will hv the same reliability issues like the infamous green line?😂
I don't care anymore, it's so boring
In Europe we dont have snapdragon in s24, s24+... we got exynos. What a bullshit
aww the matpat shoutout 💚
On another note why does YouTube allow PIP when I watch this video I’m using an iPhone btw
250 on the Samsung website
Marks hurry up with battery usage and  performance issues please
I liked the ai features. Great devices from Samsung.
A LENSE THEORY
So Apple won't be able to sue Samsung for s24 design? lol It is a duplicate!
Basically ai photo editing, text translation, Bixby still can't open settings properly though 1300$
So some reason s24 have a lot for pixel features.
In the full review, please talk about how Samsung is giving the exynos processor for the s24 and s24+ in ROW Only US gets the SD 8 gen 3  Really sad to know that we won't get the sd chip  Also talk about these AI features being added to the s23 line through a software update because I don't think it is hardware dependant
Says everytime same things
Love the rectangular screen corners and the extra drawing space by the almost dimished round edges. Ultra is a professional phone (Note series) and it returned to it's essence.
Screen is unfortunately not completely flat on the Ultra. It has slightly round edges, a bit less than a Note 4. That will still make screen prorectors a hassle, albeit much, much less.
Not interested.  Note20 Ultra is all ppl need.
I wish they didn't f over Europe with Exynos...
Samsung been trolling Apple for not upgrading the body/style of the iPhone and yet they do the same as Apple.
it is getting boring...just some software update, but it is still S23 ver 2.0
i want to buy one of the online exclusive colors? do you recommend this and if yes which one?
They became Apple... This its the same phone from last year with an AI app pffff BIG MEH... I guess i will keep my flip 5
apple's falling behind
Here in my country, Indonesia, there's this PO promo called free upgrade/double the storage everytime they launch their new flagships (since S21 or S22 series if I'm not mistaken, cmiiw), so basically here, the base model 128GB S24 isn't really exist 😂😂, it's just like a decoy/ghost product since you'll always get the 256GB for the price of 128GB of base model S24, you'll get the 512GB for the price of 256GB of S24+ and so on
Nothing there makes me jump to upgrading my S23 Ultra. I'd like to know more about the camera though. I change every two years, so at this stage it will be the S25 Ultra
Pretty funny how he adds in 9:54 that he'll keep looking for features and hope they don't blatantly copy apple's homework 😂 Oh the Irony
Why is there a subscription for the AI after the end of 2025, when the main upgrade for the phone is the AI
This is so sick! Flat screen + the AI features are dope. I have the s23 ultra so imma pass but if I was in the market, I'd get this
what is the current state of being able to de-samsung a galaxy phone and just be left with the google stuff? last i had was an S10 and it was a constant fight.
Finally no useless curved display anymore ❤
7 years of SW updates for a device  only lasts two years.
It's the curved display i will miss most
You really need to talk about the exynos chip in these reviews
See how he didn't mention how the pixel already does any of this? If it were the pixel, he wouldn't resist to say oh the iPhone does this or did it first or is better
Lol to anyone who gets excited oven a new model phone
Just here to downvote
One ui… I personally feel not as good as iOS looks wise… I tried using Samsung s23  but  nah not for me… I don’t like the way it looks
It's just a theory. A LENS THEORY
No micro SD card slot. No headphone jack. No removable battery.   No sale.
I'd like to know more about that magnetic case and how it works I know mag safe used to b e only iphone but I am gearing and seeing about it more for Android now but I use a popsocket. My husband don't so I may get him that grip case. What does it mean when you go to order I don't need the grip. I just saw some cool skins and it says buy one get one free on their site.
Is bixby any better than it was 5 years ago? Does the camera now take real photos of the moon or is it still faked by Samsung?Can the finger print reader read better through glass screen protectors? Have they chosen 1 messaging app to rule them all? In that have they fixed the conflicting sound management of the google keyboard? (Add some click sounds in gboard on low then turn the Samsung system volume all the way up. The keyboard couldn’t be any louder. So use Samsung keyboard? Samsung keyboard gets most words wrong. Have they made the batteries any bigger or is 5000 the highest possible? Have they made the Face ID unlock usable to the point it can be used to log in to say banking apps? What about the fact that any voice assistant as well as google only decides to listen to you half the time? Hey if all these issues are fixed then
I know they're a sponsor,  but i don't recommend Dbrand Grip Cases based on the build quality of the one I had. The rubber edge around it doesn't stay for long and then the case itself starts to fall apart then. I love their skins, wouldn't recommend their cases...
Copied iphone
I've never seen a more blatant iPhone fanboy in my life
Please tell me where you get that wallpaper 🤩
I love the underlying ethical questions in your voice 😅
wow. looks incredible. my next phone must be Samsung. But I wanna go to ultra, yet it's extra big for me :( if not the size... would have switched to Samsung a long time ago...
Only reason I’m not going back to android is because they suck at doing software updates. My 15 Pro Max and 14 pro have been flawless.  Until Samsung can deliver with timely updates I’ll stick with ol Apple 🍎 🫣😇😇
Any of these AI software updates coming to S23 Ultra?
Samsung website mentions that the AI will be free until the end of 2025
So um what exactly is the major difference??
Great 👏
Headphone jack or nah??
Everything ifail wished for
Love the iPhone type of feel and design of the lower models and the titanium looks wicked coming from a iPhone 15 user I’ve always been a big fan of em but never had one cuz well people my age make fun of the android users not that I really care but I just love iPhones to besides the price
Very disappointed with Samsung. I have an S21 Ultra and I'm still waiting for a device that is really worth the change.
I have the s23 ultra and hate the edges display. Screen protectors are a pain and flat is much more appealing.
Samsungs cloning of apple design and aesthetics is too noticable.
Wtf, how is image search AI? Seems like it could have been implemented the exact same way without AI using Google lens. It's just searching Google anyway. When the f am I going to call someone? Let alone call someone speaking a different language 😂
What I would like is a unbiased review as for copying iPhones homework isn't that what apple been doing for years have apple actually invented anything or just used every one else's homework
They just announced that after 2025 the AI features may be paywalled. I almost got one yesterday, but I changed my mind as I don’t want to have to pay extra to use what should be a built in feature. Especially when the pixel has some of the same capabilities for $300 less.
Would you recommend switching to Samsung from iPhone?
That is not a.i.
Flat is life
I like s24plus to buy if it have same Ai features.
Battery are just Worse no change @samsung
Why is this brand new flagship phone already discounted? I just got email from Samsung with 15% discount + free watch + higher storage for the price of lower storage! 😮 is it a bad phone?
Watching this from my Mi A1 phone. Been using for like 10+ years. Poor Me.😶
That prices 😂😂😂😂 no thx
Wish 24 plus didn't start with 256 gb.  I use like 70 gb max, why do I have to pay more?
Basically the same phone than last year and the previous year, etc... Will probably have to wait until Galaxy S30 comes out xD
The shoe in the photo editor is so fat after the AI got done with it
A LENS THEORY
Upgrading from S9+ to S24+
Every company copied to apple😂
S23 pixel
Isn't it more accurate to say that Apples look like Samsungs?
I don't know how to take these videos any more. I listened to all you guys talking about how great the Google Pixel 7 pro was, and it's the worst device I've ever owned. You guys are owned by Apple, Google and Samsung I think so these vids are all a scam
@mkbhd Remaster is there from long time on s23
Samsung is easily the benchmark now.  I went from apple to s23 ultra. Went back to Apple and I lasted a week. Everything about the s23 ultra is just beautiful!
Dudes pissed with Samsung for giving the last nail in the coffin for iphone...samsung is way ahead,he didn't show nothing, because there is way more than he showed in s24 series....
Thank you!  I was definitely interested in an upgrade 🎉
I wonder when or if the new Galaxy AI features will trickle down to older flagship models.
I WISH Apple would finally start doing cool stuff again. I REALLY want to get an Iphone for the sake of my family to stop bugging the crap out of me about it but I just cant justify spending money on ancient technology.
So what if it looks like an iPhone tho🤔
THIS WAS BY FAR THE BEST VIDEO OF THE YEAR SO FAR FROM ANY TECH YOUTUBER‼️‼️‼️‼️ GREAT FREAKING JOB MAN !!! It Makes Perfect Sense
I have an s23+ and I'm not impressed i don't feel that its any better then the s8 ultra i had before i know its better but its hard to notice the changes feels like the same thing with a bigger screen
I'll probably pick up the s24 Ultra in the fall or winter 2024. Been rocking with the same Note 20 Ultra since 12/2020 and it's been the most dependable phone i've ever owned.  Still fast and takes great pictures.
I like how A.I. is the new wave for Google/Samsung, I just don't like that feature where you know how the original picture looks and it creates something that never happened. The lay up picture in this video for example just made it look like he could actually do that and to me it's going to make ppl manipulate other photos and make them look better than they should.
Europe has gone back to exynos 😢
💯
S24 and S24+ don't have Snapdragon in some geos. In Europe some comment that they are not interested in Exynos. We used to get mixed chipsets in past in Europe and people looked for Snapdragons.
S24 and S24+ internationally come with Exynos chip
Where is my meme of the Samsung designer just moving a pixel from s23 to create s24? … where is the “ia available just for a year” (then you pay) small letters meme?
Samsung nailed it again with the galaxy s24 ultra such a beast of a phone loved the design loved the new ai features mostly i loved the call translation feature it will be super useful when i travel around the world i loved the circle to search just instantly get the results whatever you gonna search the snapdragon gen 3 proccessor is just a beast and overall the phone is already a beast just by looking cant wait for the review marques and loved the matpat quote gonna miss my guy
"That's all just a theory, a lens theory" nice call-out to MatPat, gonna miss him on the platform.
The desk mat in the background is not completely flat
Thanks for demonstrating the improved photo editor.  Only $280 to upgrade to S24+ from an S22+ with trade-in credit, I'm tempted because my battery is starting to go downhill at this point. I think the + is the sweet spot for most in the Galaxy lineup.
The upgrade feature Ai in default tool app was convenient, don’t have to put another effort to use another Ai app.
Why was this video boring?
Interesting how many times he makes comments on how Samsung is "copying" iPhone when there are so many more examples of iPhone copying Android native features years after the fact. (Offline maps. Multiple timers. Widgets. Swipe to text. Live voicemail. Pic in pic playback. OLED displays. Face unlock. Multiple rear cameras. Always on display. Etc). Love Marques but please check the Appleton bias.
Photo/Video evidence in criminal justice system is soon going to be useless.
S23ultra 10x optical was amazing. Its sas that samsung has something unique and went backwards to copy apple with 5x optical.
Will these new phones have an option to record phone calls, Galaxy Samsung A12 doesn't have that option.
Important :- They Said Many SAMSUNG AI Will Be Free For One Year, After That They Will Be Chargeable.... Read On Samsung Website Down Where Mobile Is Listed.  Its Written Thr "Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025" After That You Have To Pay Monthly
I want to see the comparison of the s23, S23+ and S23 ultra vs the S24, S24+ and S24 ultra. Also the 3 versions of the camera. I'm looking to upgrade and I want to see it the s24 seires is worth it. I havent upgraded in  more than 5 years.
Which s24 models to get?  Hbout the non ultra ones
The plus is looking like best value. Barely under the specs of the ultra, but yet you're saving a few hundred dollars. Still $1k which is ridiculous for a phone. But seems like the best deal out of the 3
Galaxy s24 ultra  🤨 Galaxy s22 ultra version 3.0 😄
Maybe im getting old but i dont like everything being manipulated by AI
So all of them are snapdragon? I thought the s24 and s24 plus had a different processor?
Can't wait to get my S24U
Ohhh😱😱, let's wait to see how the iPhone copies S24 with the body shape, titanium, some UI and all kinds of amazing original things Samsung is coming up with. I can feel it in my bones those slackers will do it again.  I wonder where the Samsung fanboys are this time of the year? 😌😌
Can we go back to a time where phones weren't released rapidly? I don't see much improvement compared to the previous S phones.
Not jazzed about losing the 10x zoom on the camera. I actually *do* use that for rocket and bird photography.
iphone has no ai
$1400 for a skirt?
Scrolled to see if you've dropped a video. I'll forever support your content bro.
Freunde, hat irgendjemand einen Vorbesteller Code den er nicht benutzt?? 😂🫶🏻 Ich wäre so dankbar dafür, hatte mich bei sparhandy angemeldet, aber dort gibts keinen Code sondern man muss es direkt dort einlösen 🫠
Review fast charging capabilities please.  Have s22 ultra.  Interested in that leap comparison.
Me watching this on S9+ 😁
So can I buy the S24 and S24+ with the Snapdragon only in USA? I don't want to have the Exynos.
Thanks for this video😊. So, useful
iPhone killer goodness!!
No one really uses Bixby lol. I have Samsung Galaxy s23 Ultra rn.. I use Google instead.
So basically these are sony phones designwise
I have the S22 Ultra idk if this is a worthwhile upgrade
i’m using 15pro max this is giving me only 5-6 hours battery backup just for using normally.
Dude faster than Samsung
👍 awesome! Next review I want to see the YouTube thumbnail edited on the phone with AI, plus some AI slow motions and zoom test pictures. Thank 😊
Fun fact, those 3 stars resemble Samsung's logo from back in the day...
One good thing about having a flat screen is screen protectors. I have the S23U and whenever my fingers rest on the sides and I slide them on the screen they always graze the protector and its pretty annoying. And screen protectors for phones with curved screens are often harder to find and more expensive
Didn't Bixby already support screen search for years? Now it just updates to a draw-a-circle search? LMAO.... And acutally now this kind of search is realized by Google WebView, so actually not a Samsung exclusive AI feature.
There's not really all that much in change oO
It's funny, with iPhones having to use USB-C, and Galaxies looking like iPhones, everyone will have the same thing with different UI 😂
HATE the flat screen. Can't do it. This is a no go for me. AI ain't worth it.
23 Ultra owner here. With that magnetic protective case, I assume soon it will be lighter to carry around the person you want to call rather than the phone...! :P  Yes, they're getting heavier and heavier but it's such a good phone I can't complain. And I only happened to buy my 23 a few months ago, but it's already fallen out of my pocket so many times, the screen cracked and the GPS is playing up (this has never happened to me with any other phone). So really, get some protection. Those benefits come with payoffs, and that means this thing LOVES gravity...!
I was hoping it would have squared edges instead of the rounded edges. I'm out.
Using most of the Ai things in gallery for yesrs now in mi 10 🤣 the sky chenge ,people removing , making stickers of person , blur  , repositioning people object . Whats so new ?
Please say only kind words to Samsung! Otherwise, you may become a target of Samsung comment staff. There were 100 comment staff even 10 years ago. exposed to the media Samsung is a scary company Be careful Samsung!
Taking a note from Apple I see and nothing changing the looks what so ever. If it sells it sells
Hey Marques 1 Can you explain why on Europe an S24 & S24+ they don't have SnapDragon but exynos 2400? Why 's that?
I'm waiting for the iPhone 16, probably will be the best AI phone
It feels like a scam to sell S24/S24+ with exynos in many countrys while they sell it with Snapdragon in the US.
I hate that Samsung has taken the cheap and lazy route in design. Can't tell the difference between the premium S series with the A series anymore. Pathetic.
Only us uk and Canada having snapdragon
What's funny to me is that none of this is AI. It can't think for itself. Not too long ago all of these things were either called machine learning or algorithms lol.
if i wanted to re buy my phone 13 id get this, looks almost identical, what a fall off for samsung...
In the ultra, Everything Except that Boring Flat Display is Good 👍🏻
too bad the comment about copying the iphone when iphone has copy lots of android stuff 😂😂
I am very happy it has squared edges. My main concern with this phone is if the 10x zoom quality has degraded at all. I use scumbag zoom on a regular basis, almost like digital binoculars.
This is truly the most complete practice I have ever seen! There's some crazy new stuff here, but the biggest highlight has to be the AWT88K
Should I swap out my Xiaomi Mi 11 Ultra for a S24 Ultra? Worth the downgrades in specs in some areas?
That's pretty bold accusing Samsung of copying Apple without mentioning that for a decade, it has been the reverse: Apple copying 1-2 year old Samsung features, giving them an Apple-esque name, and saying Apple "invented" it.  I say good on Apple... for finally coming up with something that might be worth copying.  🤣
Me watching this video on Samsung Galaxy J7 Core
Cool review on Galaxy AI. Now I understand a bit on what to expect and, most importantly,  how it differs (slightly or big) from Pixel.
You could get S24 Ultra with free upgrade on memory for price of 256GB 2 512GB 4 same price of $1299 but need 2 wait till end of January.  I don't feel sorry 4 USPS or UPS . 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 And getting lots of discounts on ear buds. OK it's not Anheuser-Busch this buds 4 U. And other accessories R being reduced 4 big sales on S24. So if your like me who still using S10 now 4 dearly  N waiting 4 this kind of deals 2 change N update to 2024. Get it when it's available.  It will disappear like ⚡️. Great review and info me and my family we all got 24 Ultra. And getting Spigen armored case also because it protected my S10.
Not squared off edges 🥴
Why yall need a new phone every year? Im going on 6 years with my Note 9. Still works great.
A slight tweak to the brightness, camera tweak and a standard refresh of chips. $1300 please.
As a s23 ultra user, I feel Samsung should have increased pixel count in 3x camera instead of 10x and have slightly increased pixel count in 10x too instead removing the 10x lens. Optical zoom will always be superior to the digital 5x cropped 2 times vs 10x, 10x quality will always come on top also RAW photo will be much more useful than the cropped 5x photo. MPs in mobile are not that useful if you need quality.
Funny that you downloaded hindi language pack instead of korean while talking about live language audio translation. Or you gonna try to impress some Indian Girl out there 😜
So basically Samsung designers have bought an iPhone 15 Pro and they have liked, like a lot lol
That flat side is so iphone.😂
finally! Samsung got over the curved display hype.
This is excellent. Now people can get the S23 Plus for a much lower price 😂  That 4900 battery is gonna get eaten alive by 4k res, which means ppl eill run it at a lower res. So what are you really getting ? A camera maybe. EU especially since its back to Exynos. What a joke the s24 lineup is
Basically an iphone 😂😂
Apple is better
Curve screen is totally rubbish and finally they make it flat 😝😝😝😝😝 if i buy my phone slightly later, i will get this instead of 15 promax
Will Samsung ever stop his obsession with Apples design? I mean for other phone makers it’s ok to copy apple’s great design but Samsung it’s supposed to be 2nd to Apple in term of smartphone so it makes it look weak. 🤷‍♂️
Choosing Korean was an interesting choice. I tried Google's version with my Korean in-laws and it was hilariously inaccurate.
He riding on apples such a loser
Where mini jack???
debating going from my s23ultra to the s24plus since it has a qhd screen now i just find the ultra a bit too big the only thing putting me off is the Exynos chip here in the UK and terrible trade in deals
I kind of want to kick myself as I got the S23 ultra not long ago...the internal cpu, gpu, npu are what i was hoping the S23 ultra would give me more of...and it gave it to me a bit...the S24 ultra is a step up with more on board AI...the S23 ultra can actually do some of right now....
these days i actually get physical recoil when i hear ai
Does the Ultra have wifi 7
On the water mark......couldn't you just screenshot the photo. Then crop out the water mark?
now the plus might be a more valuable option or at least more than recent plus since it also has qhd now
Seems like a waste of money to buy this, nothing really special about and why in the world would they make a  phone that looks like the iPhone
They are tring to make a phon looks like an iphone 😮  they used titanium this time just like iphone done before. I think they just need to attract pixel and other android market share towards them.
I would love to have a version with a definitiv smaller display, i have the s21+ and i hate the big display
Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy - Tyler Durden here using s22 ultra😅
do you know if the phones do also run with the snapdragon in europe? Or is it the exenos ?
This feels fake
SQUARE CORNER IS BACK
Maza nahi aya
This is basically the best iPhone yet in 2026.
Object eraser is already on S23
Might actually give up apple for da new s24
Samsung: Innovation and technology.   Iphone: Trend and a big copycat.
All these ai features seem surprisingly natural, as if they were always there, it's like we already knew what a perfect computer is (one that does everything for you) and as tech advances we don't feel like it's something new, it's just an expected step towards the perfect computer
yeah
I saw a bunch of people post their reviews but idk if im old now or spoiled. I just wanna hear u do it. Ur edits are better. Idk how but they are.
Totally scrap phones no major  updates only minors and asking lot of money.s24 series gonna b the flop series for professional people.
whose Bixby also woke up?? 😂
The least we expect from Samsung is just innovation and new looks, Not the same model they been releasing since last 3 years
samsung just need to change their software and they would dominate. those icons make me cringe, even if you can change th
Is it just me that's slightly surprised on the battery life? S24 for 4000 mAh. Only?
Genuinely spent the first 2 minutes of this video wondering if this was a prank and i was watching an iphone review- seriously.
Does this mean that almost all galaxy ai is actually from google?  Because it uses googles star thingy?
😍😍
the shoutout to matpat was awesome!
I'd get this phone if it didn't run on Google software.
No SD Slot No Buy🙅‍♂️
I've been saving up for a One Plus Open but the S24 is seriously tempting. I think I'd love a foldable phone but the S24 Ultra seems so premium and feature rich
5:49 Idk why y'all are hying the circle search feature when my Xiaomi has been doing a similar thing since 2023 and faster too... And yes in any app
Magsafe make issue for spen
Really good P8Pro review
Apparently, they only plan to provide free AI services until 2025. Any thoughts?
Samsung has once again raised the bar with the Galaxy S24 Ultra's display technology. The combination of a vibrant and immersive screen, along with impressive resolution, results in a visual experience that's second to none. It's a testament to Samsung's commitment to delivering top notch innovation in the smartphone industry. Great job Samsung! ❤
❤😅❤😅😂😅😂😮🎉😮🎉😮🎉😮😮😂😮❤
Everything samsung did , google did it and did more on pixel 8 pro
Exynos on the S24 and S24+ is a huge L
Honestly I just hope they will never change the design. It’s just pretty to look at it, feels great and is just a better iPhone design
Hey Mq , m waiting for s24 ultra result. plz do compare with 15 pro max
Missed talking about the fine print -  "Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices."
oneplus 8 pro has same screen settings in 2020
Hands down MKBHD is the best phone explainer on the internet.
Now I can buy a Samsung!
s26 will be different phone
So I’ve been using this phone for a minute
Mkbhd sucks now you can tell these days that he doesn't put much effort into his videos, unlike mrshosetheboss where he explained each of those AI features step by step putting effort and time in each of those and even going all out rating those features too which makes it more exciting and here we have this guy who just goes off with a few of those Ai features and not even properly explaining them, makes it hard to watch,  unsubscribed:)
tringe se khoob soorat koi kafan nhi hota🇮🇳
Exynos in Europe? Nope, red flag, F Y Samsung.  I like flat displays! I hope more brands realise curve displays are stupid idea.
im just buy ultra version..and sorry to say its better than iPhone overall..
This is making me sad. I really, really like the yellow. But I just bought the s23 ultra last year 😢
People forget apple DID NOT make the first titanium phone the essential phone did it in 2017 way before apple
3:45 A lens theory
You have viewers outside us. They are not getting gen 3 in s24 and s24+
but the AI features only free till 2025 after that they will make it subscription..
There's no way people would pay $1400 for that.
I wonder what happens if you try to crop out that watermark or edit it out? Seems too easy to get rid of..
I don' know why this whole Ai stuff in phones disgusts me. It shouldn't but it does. Some kind of presentiment...
Samsung copies iPhone....first they remove the headphone jack,then no charger in the box now they r copying design too...come on Samsung be original
Incredible phone. Like Samsung's approach this time. Rather than change the design much, keep the design that already worked but better it to offer a better experience. Though the telephoto and cpu     improved it was not the main focus. The focus seems to be on AI, durability and offering better images/ videos. Which is more like a iPhone approach, mmmmh they even look similar. Since iPhone copied some Samsung stuff and improved their lens sizes, Samsung can do the same also. I believe a benchmark has been set for 2024 smart phones!! AI as far as S24 is to go by has become a standard hence like the tags and water mark to recognize AI generated image!! Kudos Samsung. As far as am concerned S23 ultra was the best overall smartphone of 2023 hope the competition makes a better smartphone than S24 ultra. Kudos Samsung. The live voice translation feature is the best feature so far. We are a global village hence this feature is more than welcome!! Just a comment...!! Captions are 100% on your voice, Google should use you for advertising...!!
I got to the checkout with my dbrand case yesterday, and it said 'shipping March', which was a bit disappointing.  I am in the UK, so maybe that's why.  I've used dbrand for years, since I fell for the swarm case.  Expecting my S24 Ultra on the 26th.  Looking forward to it.
Please can I have the phone?
Damn, that real time conversation translation is superb! A huge step up among others.
24ultra My fov colour purple purple 😁
7:01 you tapped on hindi and we indians are like...here is our brother❤❤
Yo chico
The ultra looks too boxy...
dat Ultra looks juicy! always loved boxy phones. flat display? hell yeah!!!
🤔flat?.. idk
Some obvious AI features Apple should have added in their phones, but they were too busy with making massive goggles that nobody wants...   It's interesting though that at this point all I want is a completely AI driven phone. Like Humane except with a good screen and all the apps - just make the entire phone be AI controlled, I just speak to it, no clicking, no searching for settings or apps, just tell the phone what I want to do, and it does it - the phone can be your geeky friend who happens to know every single feature, setting, and app that exists.... except these days phones have become so complicated such a geeky friend doesn't really exist anymore, there's just too much going on to know it all.  All I want is talk to the phone. I've been talking with ChatGPT on their new mobile app and the voice synthesis is just crazy good, the days of robotic siri-like voices are over, it sounds just like a human. And it understands me perfectly too, accent and all. So I want to say "hey phone, take a selfie that looks like a professional headshot" and then it opens the camera and guides me to set the right frame and at the end does some AI magic to create a perfect headshot.
Well as always. Iphone is better for the colors.
Cool!!
I’ll just buy an iPhone
I wanna know what upgrade bixby had..
Is it true that the ai features are only free till 2025 and after that it will be subscription based?
I respect your work but although what we can except from a us tech YouTubers especially they will not talk nice things about Samsung 💀
Does this mean it’ll reduce accident screen touches while passing the phone to someone else? Always been my biggest gripe about my wife’s Samsung phones.
New tongue twister, “flagship chip”
Can't wait for s25
You got one thing wrong: Backward areas like poverty island of Australia ONLY gets the SD chip in the ultra version.  So sad to have Samsung discriminate!
It seem AI would be the next focus point of cellphone upgrade
Samsung does not promise. They prove I guess
indonesia get s24 and s24+ with exynos 2400
Ordered an Ultra.... Just wish the corners weren't so damn sharp and a little rounded
Why Samsung never produced or can't produce a MINI Samsung Galaxy S Ultra?😔
Users can always crop AI watermark from the border, yes?
We really calling the notes app converting handwriting to text "AI". Current year makes no sense.
can you make a video review of A24? S24 too expensive for common user
nah i ain't buying S24 Ultra, im gonna use my S23 Ultra for another couple years, and that thing AI live phone calls thing this could be added to S23 Ultra too. Software updatesss
i like 0.5cm bezels.... it hard to play games when you accidentally touch the screen.
Not all country have the same chip across the devices. They are using there exynos chipset in s24 and s24+
अरे हिंदी में बात किया करो यार हिंदी बोलो
"A lens theory"....Really loved the matpat shoutout
They even managed to copy Apple's the middle phone in the lineup being the best deal situation
This dude hit me with a Duolingo commercial when he talked about the phones live translate feature
Why is nobody talking about Galaxy Ai being free until 2025?
Transformers phone
Do u know the weight of the phone i have always had and have Samsung but really like the weight of iphone
Thanks for reviewing.... always ON POINT! 🎉😊
Is it true the AI is going to b pay 🧱
Pretty much same the last s23 ultra
Price compared to value is ridiculous
Always been fairly loyal to Samsung but the lack of support for not-so-old models is why I'll switch to Pixel.
Copy & Paste
Can you tell what is the brand of your blue hoodie?
Google Photos is so lackluster in basic organization and functionality that it was unusable to me coming from Samsung's gallery app, and as a result I've missed out on some of the photo AI features as I never touched Google photos. I'm glad that Samsung will be integrating these kinds of tools their gallery app and editor.
"this is a theory, a lens theory" Thanks man matpat was a childhood
I hate the flat look. I also hate how it looks like an iPhone.
This A.I. Will be PAID SUBSCRIPTION in 2025. Read the small print from Samsung. Now what’s the reason to pay this much money for mainly last year’s phone?
So, basically they're not even trying to improve camera, audio, display, shape. This is just pure bullshit at its best.
Nice
Iphone fanboy.... how is he complaining about space on a Samsung
Can you please review x100 pro by Vivo cause I've been waiting for your Say on it before I buy the device?
The real time phone call translation is a big reason to buy
Shit. I never had an android. Now I want one.
Matpat mentioned 🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥wtf is a normal lore🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
is there improvement on productivity stuff, word excell and all
...and those AI features would only be free for one year... 🫢
3:12 Why does the S24 have a starting storage of 8GB?
I think nobody used Bigsbe in the past, some user tried to deactivate it
Omg my S23 plus is already way too bright on 50% brightness 😭😭
Last year 24 😂 2:45
‘Blatantly copying Apple’s Homework’ Bro got zero chill!!🥶
Sadly only google search engine, the use can’t decide self the search engine that they want, similar to chatGPT 4, chatGPT 4 use only Bing as search engine. It’s a bad user experience when the user can’t decide and choose there search engine that they want to use. Also google and Bing are not great search engines compared to the alternative engines like Brave, Presearch, Searx. The Google and Microsoft try to bring back the user to there dying search engines with company’s that have focus for AI. The exciting part about the S24 ist not AI, it’s that the S24 will get satellite communication function, it is the best new feature specially if you live or visit areas where the cell network is bad or don’t exist it all.
the s24 is back on exynos in the UK, Samsung really back stepping.
Virtual search is insane 😮 imagine u don't have to screenshot something to google lens it then delete, that's a hassle and i do it every time. Nice one samsung. Tho i can't afford this HAAHHAHA
Svi rade neke analize čim izađe neko novo vnogo.
does S22 ultra get this AI software?
Um... what is a matpat? Lol
It looks like very much like an iPhone
Unfortunately in Indonesia S24 Ultra use Snapdragon 8 gen 3. In other side S24+ and S24 use exynoss 2400😢
Great vedio as always as
I don't understand how your video is the only one where I can go into PiP mode without having YouTube Premium. I knew PiP was available for everyone in the USA without Premium, but I live in a different country. Do you have a special deal with YouTube? 🤨
You guys need to get use to Bixby! I didn't use it either.... but I've been seen S10 Ultra even messed a little before... I've owned every Note since Note 2... typing now on S23 Ultra and waiting for my Purple* S24 Ultra! It's Shipped so should be here.... soon! But I'm telling you here's how I see it and use it...Bixby is for working and commanding or communication with your phone! Where Google still does better with outside of phone services. That makes sense? It's really getting s lot better... imo
Thanks for the information.  I had one of the original Notes.  Unfortunately, after my experience with the Samsung Ultra S23, I am not interested in buying their products.    It is not just that the phone failed to turn on within a few months, it is how they treat their customers when there is a problem with their product.  I was unable to reach anyone, there website cycles back to non-functioning links on the Canadian site.  Now the camera is not working and I have troubleshooted all I can do including a full reset.  Hours in dealing with all these problems.  And being without a phone again, for weeks?    This should be a refund/replace situation.  Where else can you pay almost $2000 for a product and there is as little responsiveness as this??
Copies some of the pixel features
As a google pixel user, I can tell that google phones have become the benchmark in software and AI development. For a pixel user there is nothing new here.
exynos for EU 🫠
That hole punch display is still anoying af.
How is S20 still better than S24???? HW spec wise at least.
The rectangle shapes... look old fashioned to me for some reason.
Watching on my Note 10+.
I'm waiting on my Purple* S24 Ultra!!! It's on it's way.....photography nut here!
Some Juan got payed
Literally no reason to upgrade from my S20 ultra disappointed Samsung.
I really want to know how well the battery does under hardcore use. Really looking forward to this.
coping apple now lol
WhatEver
most of this is really cool and a good use of ai but i'm not super into that generative photo editor. yeah, it bakes in those sparkles, but it sounds like those can be cropped out? hopefully samsung will prevent this from happening
10:26 fin.
fck the innovation is lacking they're literally promoting an AI feature wth dude Pixel gave it way before and didn't hyped it up way back and now Samsung is making it a hype🤡
"This is all a theory, a lens theory" Damn that hit kinda hard 3:45
I want the spen to work like a Lazer pointer.
I think Snapdragon 8 gen 3 is only available in USA and Canada, other country they can buy only a Exynos 2400 chipset
7:04 Hindi 🙌🏻 🇮🇳. MKBHD you have hug fan base in India
Samsung has made some damn good phones hardware wise over the years.  Id have a Samsung if not for their awful UI.  I loathe their UI with a passion....
Now that's an ugly phone for you. No wonder Apple's number 1 in 2024. Yikes, I intend to keep my Find X2 pro before upgrading to OnePlus 12, Find X7 or Meizu.
Enough with the jabs at Samsung for adjusting to developments at other companies. Apple and Google do the same thing. Didn't Apple copy OLED displays, wireless charging, image stabilization based on multiple cameras, and many more from Samsung, or do those not count?  We should just be happy that the companies are recognizing good things and bringing those features to their customers.
You know mat oats actiually retiring when tech youtubers refference them😢
Just rocking the S23 Ultra. Debating if I should jump to the S24. Wondering if the software upgrades will roll out for us S23 Ultra users or if they're keeping it exclusive to the new phones.
Can you compare the ultra to the pixel 8 pro? I'm debating between them
How is this video playing in picture in picture for me without premium account? 😮
I get the curve thing we all liked it we all hated are phones craking so rip
Once agin im asking for these companies to just realease every 2 years instead of 1
Vaya robo el 5-0 anulado no? JAJAJAJA
Someone please explain to me how this beats my s21 ultra. I wanted to change, but reading the specs side by side it feels like I'd be making a huge compromise. 16gb ram down to 12gb ram? How is this worth the "upgrade"?
Marques Patrick... What, you trying to weasel your way into FNAF part 2? 🤔🤪
Great job ! Question , In the phone call translation part of your video , Does the other person you're calling Have to have the S24 also right ? , In order to get all those wonderful translation features
Meh
Saying it looks like an iphone is dumb if you think about it. Look at what Iphones used to look like, vs now. They look like androids 😂
It's kinda funny the clear dbrand case has one big cut out for the 3 lenses.
Great video and very insightful, I think we all should know that God is good and sometimes he pushes you to places and opportunities you never knew you needed. I just got to realize that  trading comes with a lot of benefits And I have just bought my first house through it. As a beginner I was scared of loosing my savings but l'm glad I took the bold step that is now favoring me.
As a Korean, it looks good so far.
I seriously can't wait to get rid of my Z Flip 5 and go back to the Ultra. I should have kept my S21 and waited. I hate this thing and it was a HUGE waste of money FML.
05:33 Did Marques want to search the skirt or .......
Does the glass gets hot enough so i can use it as a cooktop?
Definitely excited to see if that 5x zoom with higher res is comparable to optical 10x at lower res! 4:19
Ok.. so exactly same body, similar camera, but they just added AI tricks, and that's it?? Why won't people buy s23 series and then download all those apps that does similar things and save money
Can someone tell me why the ai generated image has a watermark ? Besides the obvious that it's ai generated
Samsung S24 pro max 😂
Hi, will you be able to test the Snapdragon and Exynos variant?
That I hate MIUi bruhh
I got an s22 a little while back because of its dex functionality, and the snapdragon 8s graphical capability. I've been able to emulate ps2, GameCube, and wii games at consistent max fps on multiple different tvs and monitors with my base model s22. And all without having rooted it. It's easy out of my price range, but I'm still excited to see where these phones will go with their hardware. This was a great breakdown, and I look forward to the full review.
Can I just say , it has been over 7 years that we don't have Goodlock here in South Africa 🤞 🤔 I don't even think Samsung is going to release it for us to make the best of all the features provided by Samsung. Too make matters worse. I have a Samsung S22 Ultra, from my research I have a "Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 1" WE STILL DON'T HAVE GOODLOCK FOR A DEVICE WE HAVE SPENT ALOT OF MONEY FOR. 🤔   SAMSUNG WHERE IS OUR ACCESS TO THE FEATURES YOU SAY COMES WITH THE DEVICE BUT YET IT HAS NOT BEEN MADE AVAILABLE TO US FOR YEARS NOW, THE INITIAL RELEASE FOR GOODLOCK WAS MARCH 2016 ?? 👀 💀  ANOTHER THING !! It is 17 January 2024, and WE ARE STILL SITTING ON ANDROID 13 ONE UI 5.1 FOR THE SAMSUNG S22 ULTRA IN SOUTH AFRICA.   I HAVE ALWAYS BEEN A SAMSUNG FAN FOR OVER 20 YEARS BUT THIS IS PATHETIC SERVICE, MAYBE IPHONE WILL SEE ME SOON..‼️  GET YOUR PROMISES IN CHECK !!
I'm using an S22 Ultra but planning to switch to iPhone 15 Pro Max instead of upgrading tk S24U. Here are the reasons why: 1. Social media experience in Samsung is bad. Videos uploaded are compressed, the app lags a lot, and some features are missing (can't even see who shared a Facebook post) 2. Camera stutters/lags  I create social media content so these are important to me. I'm keeping mg S22U so I still have access to my S Pen, Dex, and my 10X optical zoom. Best of both worlds.
Apple 2.0
Cool
In india the s24 gets exynos 😢
"Across the board"
Damn, that real time conversation translation is superb! A huge step up among others.
So no noticeable updates. I'll skip.
Omg! Thank goodness for this review I have the S22 Ultra but this one blows those out of the water. Wish I could get one but maybe when its cheaper a year or two later 😅 Great video Marq
I've never before seen a comment section filled with crypto scam bots like this one. YIKES.
Hey chat, I own a s22 Ultra....is upgrading to the s24 ultra worth it? I just use my phone for calls and social media. Am I really missing out?
Who trusts Samsung’s AI features? Specially considering how bad Bixby has failed
Planning to sell my Pixel 8 and buy S23  Will I regret it?
Still cant get enough S22 and this came in. Always been a simp for Samsung.
How can customers make an informed decision on buying this phone when the state of the main selling feature is questionable after 2025?  The Galaxy AI will have an unknown payment model after 2025, and no word on what features exactly would be locked behind at that point.  From the sounds of it, the camera quality is dependent on AI, so would that go down unless the users pay up to continue to have the same quality at launch?  Big ole red flag, I say.
I am visually impaired and I use the zoom to read small text on for examples ingredients on a cereal box or a TOS, can you test AI to easily read something back so I can just point the camera to something and have it read it back.
Looking forward tomsee you testing this on heavy game modes, Bro. Thanks
I would have preferred a macro lens, zooming in does not give the best detail, but lets see with AI
Great Video 😎👍
So they're back to Galaxy A5 design huh?
Curve display is the best thing in Samsung can't miss them!
It is a lens theory
Could you also test Dex I’m wondering if that feature is still available
I like the curve. It makes the phone look sexy. Now it’s just boring.
The body is the only part I like about the iPhone so I'm excited for this
Samsung just released information that they will start charging a fee for the Ai integration starting 2025. This is of course after the majority of Youtubers already released their first impression videos and Samsung started taking pre-orders.
The new AI features is somethings we all are going to be eye's and ears for a while. I personally have 10 theories, but my main concern will be translation in calls. Not too fond on the cameras' anymore, knowing that everyone is starting to be like Apple on camera upgrades, It's good to have a high pix camera in your pocket but not honestly in need of it if taken thought about it.
For what I see here design-wise I almost suspect Samsung will probably smash a bitten apple on the back of the S25 series lol
5:33 Just long press the power button and click search screen it's just the same but different animation 🎉
I find it frustrating that Samsung, who was not that well regarded in the earlier Android days that Motorola, HTC, and even LG dominated, became the most successful android phone maker...by basically copying Apple. Then society's impulse to make everything binary (good/bad, this/that, democrat/republican, etc) turned Samsung into the default option outside of Apple...at the cost of brands like HTC, LG, and Sony (abd more) which are either no longer in the market or wholly irrelevant. Id like Samsung alot more if they weren't just doing everything Apple does, but  I guess I'm in the minority because it's clear that people buy into this tactic which gives Samsung no reason to abandon the approach. Oh well. I'm glad we still have choices in Android side of things.
You forget to mention that samsung is going to charge extra for the ai features after '25. I'm not about to pay all this money for a new phone only to get charged more.
Even as someone very interested in all the new tech, I’m just unfortunately never going to switch from iPhone until the tech world figures out a more streamlined way to handle communication cooperation between iPhones and Androids. Without iMessage and FaceTime, I would instantly be isolated from the communication community I’m involved with. If that ever gets resolved, I’d be excited to try out an Android device.
Never thought I’d see Samsung turn into an iPhone
What sold me was the phone call translations. I live with my mother in law who only speaks spanish and I only speak english. I instantly preordered when i saw that in the live show case. Literally half my family speaks spanish now so this hit me emotionally on many levels.
Old A Series Trade In to get minimum Trade Credit.  Ultra 512 GB - $549.99 (Samsung)  S24+ 512 GB - $280.99 (My Carrier - No Contract)  S24 5g - 256 GB - $80.99 (My Carrier - No Contract)  I'm leaning toward the S24 5g. Current daily driver is an S21 FE 5g.
iPhone design is nice though. It’s smart by Samsung. Might get people to jump from iPhones
I wonder if the similarity to the bard stars is an indication that this is powered by Google models. Does kind of make you wonder how Google is going to continue pixel if they're gonna give away their AI models.
Ooooooh. So Star Trek is the model for the translator technology. That's fun.
lens theory
Dbrand must have had a tough time with all those camera holes on new smartphones, but at least they got everything lined up perfectly. I guess their designers are just overachievers! 🤩💯
What the heck!? We're still on s24!? Man I swear I've had my s23+ for an eternity. Also, I'm noticing it's slowing down now as well.
Boring as always
Feels like a recession phone not much hardware advancement more software advancement
I still have the S9+. Been kind of thinking of upgrading but phone still works perfectly, not sure if I should pull the trigger or not lol
The market leader is iPhone Samsung just copied almost everything 👍🏻
Finally, a flat screen
This shit loses 50% of what you paid for it the first year
This phone photos is legendary
Replacing your Galaxy every three years is smart. Replacing your galaxy with the new version every year is kind of dumb.
😮‍💨Not gunna lie, very disappointed they got rid of the curve on the display and body. And also doesn't feature any color in their 'colors'... very boring and uninspired design choices tbh.   Software-wise though it looks great
It looks like a Iphone design didn't know Samsung could do that lol thought Apple patent that design welp jumping ship to Samsung
The live translate feature seems dangerous…
s24 is just s23 with AI
I love the S23 Ultra, and when I do upgrade itll be to a newer equivalent but I wish they found a way to add some version of macro lenses to phones. The cameras are great but I always am taking pictures of animals, sometimes quite small, or other small items and having even an iffy macro lense would be cool and complete their camera matrix. The AI stuff is... Fine i guess lol. The S25 Ultra will be interesting tho. Hopefully stuff doesn't get caught in the bezels like the 23 Ultra too. Thats annoying, even if just tiny dust, snd the titanium addition is good to prevent bending if using a case. (Removing it to clean can cause bending in some phones, tho havent got there with my S23U)
Does the live translation work on group calls in which every speaker speaks a different language?
Samsung dex new features  ?
I dont like iphone , I will not buy s24 ultra for sure
You really need to hop off apples pole Marques. You act like Apple has never copied other smartphones before.
Trading my crappy Fold 4 for the s24 ultra.. I wish they still made the note.. I'll buy back into the folds when they make the Spen actually work on both screens and have a SLOT for it.
If the Samsung phones were just as smooth on social media apps, I'd switch.
Is the S24 Ultra 512gb worth it if it's $650 US for no trade in? Good deal with Google Fi. Going from an S21 Ultra 256gb
Nice content. Some reviews claim the North American version would have the Exynos processor rather than the Snapdragon? Could this be verified?
It's Exynos 2400 for international model
I'm still really happy with my s23 ultra.  i don't see a need for an upgrade
You should mention that unlike last time, this time it's back to snapdragon for US but exynos for the rest of the world
In terms of spec variation between vanilla, +, and Ultra: are the exynos releases identical in all other aspects?   E.g., same combinations of memory & storage?  PS: The exterior design looks fresh, but it isn't really new for either Samsung or Apple :)
I still cant believe it is 2024 and we cant use flash on ultrawide lense on samsung....all chinese and apple phones has had thos eoption for years...
The s24 ultra is an absolute machine,cameras,video,sound,screen,pen,battery life,advanced software features and powerful microprocessor with seven years of updates.
I don't understand why you didn't mention Exynos but alright
could s23ultra get these features?
Samsung wants to be Apple so bad.
I can already see the Bradley Cooper crying meme... with the title (when the S24 looks identical to the S23) 😂😂
Imagine a  bunch of world leaders using that live translation between them and the AI doing a sneaky trick to start a world war 😅
Marques, I would love for you to make a video of the question if Google is loosing the smartphone race. I am a Pixel user, so I am not hating. Just hear me out. People buy the Pixel for the incredible photos and the AI features within photos and the phone. You accept that you buy a phone with a mediocre Chip because of its AI capabilities. Google tells us they need a custom chip for those features and we accept the subpar performance. The new snapdragon chip has all these AI capabilities and is way more efficient and powerful than the Tensor chip. What you showed in the photo editor is the same feature as in the Pixel and it handled it beautifully. So why should I keep buying a Pixel phone? New smartphones have better battery life, more powerful and efficient chips, they catched up significantly with the photo quality and are AI beasts. Am I missing something? What remains as the selling point for the pixel line? Vanilla Android?
3:53 What was that shout out to MatPat?
Nice phones, but the biggest thing for this year is the AWT88K
Only USA gets Snapdragon on all models. Aussie buyers beware S24 and S24+ get the lame Exynos chip. Only S24 Ultra in the land downunder gets the Snapdragon!
Wow! Those AI features 👏 I'd probably trade in my 1 month old S23 Ultra lol
Wait for s25 Gunna be a beast I promise it will be way better
5:38 What is that 1475$ mini skirt 🤑
Hi! There are also a lot users watching this channel and the auto one from outside the US, so I think in a presentation like this even I'm not a Samsung fun for Samsung phones you can dive just a little bit in, informing your subscribers that in Wurope for example the S24 and  S24+ have Exynos CPUs instead of Snapdragon V3 like in US and for the Auto channel some referente to kilometres not just miles would be much appreciated.  Keep up the good work!
Really hate that they removed the curved display. That really was a distinguishing look.
The Lens theory is top quality writing
Those new AI featured will be updated for S23 as well I assume?
Expected a "shot on Samsung" at the end, the colors looked a bit off the entire time
Marques you forgot to add; S24 series will be getting 7 years of Android update just like the Pixel 8 series
I love those battery sizes 😍 ❤️
You get a exynos under the hood, 😂😂😂
Still not enough to have me go back to android lol
It's like ur wearing th same underwear with a hole in it for th convenience 😂
I wanna see you make a completely fake foto, screenshot it and then use the same Ai to remove the watermark. Useless cause there'd be another one after that but hilarious. 😂
What do you think of the new Exynos processor? 2400
ITS A THEORY, A LENS THEORY
This or 15PM… hmm
They gave us in erope on 24 and 24 plus exyonos😂🥵🥵 but the ultra has snapdragon they are stupid by samsung more people will buy iphone😂😂😂😂
Official introduction: 4.2m views Review: 3m views
Why do i feel like Samsung is becoming Apple? Same design for 3 years?
The ai, screen brightness and camera are all pretty impressive but im still not convinced its enough to move me off of my s22 ultra.
Yo
Almost all the things you said that the new 24 ultra has, as far as new features, the iPhone 15 doesn't have.  So how are they "blatantly copying iPhones homework" lol
The imagesearch is genuinely a good feature that I'd like if it works reliably well. It's an iduration of the tools we use daily and imagine how different your life would be if you got to integrate that into your habitual usage of the phone. That would be pretty transformational, coming from currently an iPhone user myself.
3:47 when he talks about Samsung zooming into middle of the image and then the 👌🏼 transition zooming out of the middle of the video
Whatever. Samsung always copies Apple.
I preordered my ultra yesterday, finally upgrading from my note 20 ultra. I had no reason to upgrade in the past due to my phone working great and micro sd slot, but the 7 year os upgrades is huge. Plus my phone's built in 128gb was getting full and there wasn't a huge way of forcing micro sd for everything. I really could use the Android 14 features so I figured it's worth the upgrade. I think it'll be a bit being used to the flat screen again but overall it looks awesome.
I'm really skeptical about live translation since it's using google translate. Not known for its accuracy haha
Interested to see how the 5x lens stacks up against the 10x of old when digitally zooming. If its at least equal when zoomed in through the whole 11-100x range and the quality is significantly better from 5-10x as expected i may finally upgrade from my s21 ultra which i believe has been superior to s22 & s23 when considering battery life and lack of significant upgrades for the money. AI features are very interesting but pretty niche from day to day for most people though i like how integrated they are into apps we already use. Honestly really excited for the s pen to be inside the phone so i actually have it with me as well.
If yiu guys didn't know  5. Galaxy Al features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for Al features provided by third parties.
Samsung key features  5. Galaxy Al features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for Al features provided by third parties.
These AI features won't be free.  5. Galaxy Al features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for Al features provided by third parties.
He sounds so disappointed like is it all that they had to provide??? At this rate Apple will beat them
Has anyone else watching this video realised Picture in Picture works on an iPhone 15 pro max - strangely only on this video though?
In the full review, can you say a few words about the European chip in the phones? Because they don't get the snapdragon one, thank you.
How much wil this fhone cost in 2years?
I pre ordered mine last night. Upgrading from an S21 ultra. It seems like a great upgrade. I always wanted the S pen features after switching to android.
so excited to get this android in an iPhone, actually 😀🙌❤
what is this thing on the right side, under the power button?
what is this thing on the right side, under the power button?
I am going to buy currently I'm using Galaxy s22😊😍
The 10x is one of my favourite things about my s23 ultra.
Zoom and enhance is slowly becoming reality.
pls review IQOO 12
Why would you bother upgrading phones nowadays, for the past 5 years every phone has been the same for everyday use. Only thing that lets them down is the dogshit batteries they put in them that die so they make you upgrade
Omg
Dont like the way they imitate apple iphone but sony and many others tried to be creative and died
It's basically Google pixel 8pro
The shoutout to matpat meant everything
S23 Ultra is the worse phone I have ever used. My OnePlus 5T was better. Samsung software is just SO BAD.
In Europe only the Ultra gets the Snapdragon. The normal and plus getting a cheap Exynos. But prices are much higher here in germany. Typical Samsung scam. ..And for the AI stuff,..i am very sceptical. Anyone remember Bixby? 😂
same 21 again
Is this phone dual SIM in the USA? I want to use two lines at the same time with this phone.
is it me or the video footage is way too crispy?
One thing that's extremely unclear about the Galaxy S24 series of phones: which models have Ultra-wideband (UWB)? I've contacted Samsung support and they said that all US version of the phone (including the base S24 model) include UWB, but other sources say that only the Plus and Ultra models have UWB. One possibility is that the Qualcomm S24 has UWB while the Exynos S24 does not, but I would really appreciate if MKBHD could investigate this question.
Samsung is the true leader of innovation.
Bit bummed about the lack of 10x, i used that a lot
Nice of dbrand to have the galaxy cases ready to go but I had to wait 7 weeks after purchase for my pixel 8 pro case lol.
Can you compare the 22, 23, and 24 all together
nice
Bummed with S24's 4000mAh battery. Consider that even Galaxy F and M series phones have 6000 mAh Battery with 25-33W Fast Charging.
You forgot to mention that the European S24 and S24+ will have Samsung's Exynos 2400 chipset on board that might be on par with SD 8 gen 2 so that's an huge disappointment from samsung towards Europeans.
It’s about time they stop with the curved screens.
Quelle ressemblance notable avec les iphones... Tu fais du bon travail... Cordialement à toi. ❤
3:44 A LENS THOERY
You said copying Apple? In what? Cmon man you better than that. Don't say something that's not true. Apple hasn't invented anything new or note in quite sometime.
Is this the only channel that allows PiP???
Cool Intro
It's quite interesting someone used to mock a fruit company for being consistent wid their designs and now lining up very similar to their previous gen handsets except internal improvement. Pff well jokes apart this is really appreciative of such a big update of bringing 7yrs of OS updates wid a snappy chip which fingers crossed doesn't throttle like gen 1 and actually might make this Samsung last way longer than the rumored exynos thank god they dint I've been using my S10 for 4 years straight now I think it's time worth upgrading kudos to Samsung ✨️
This would be a great time to add the Samsung girl Sam.
shoutout to matpat😢😢
I don’t get it…. Why would I buy a new phone if these are just mainly software features and could be easily updated on the previous model? If they are not then their software support is rubbish unlike Apple’s and not worth investing in it. I like the design of the basic s24 just like s23 last year. I hope to get the last years phone at a good price at some point. Don’t care about the ai - which will become paid subscription in 2025 btw.
Just ordered the 1TB Ultra in Titanium for 870 USD total...Thanks for the review!
Really liked the nod to MattPatt
Theory A lens theory  Ahh this touch mah soul
Another square box brick. Meh.
Does anyone know if there is a fingerprint reader and  if yes where it is located? Couldn't find any information about it.
This Google search thing across the whole system is pretty neat, haven't seen that before!
Here's an idea. Bring back the Note series, but what differentiates it is a microSD card slot and maybe some other small features. Bring back expandable storage!
This galaxy is running Google Gemini nano on device powering most of the ai experiences
Samsung definitely should have mentioned these AI features won’t be free after 2025. Not a rumor anymore it’s on the website in the fine print…. Very sneaky
My biggest grow about the S23 ultra is the horrendous under the screen finger print reader. Is this improved?
Dbrand really trying their best to get my hard earned money
Magnetic cases mess with s-pen, might be something worth mentioning? No? Ok.
2 questions re Ultra: 1. S 🖊-titanium or plastic? 2.Gripcase: does it come clear; Samsung has additional colors on their website, wouldn't want to cover those up...
More of the same.
Just a shame we will get the Exynos 2400 in Europe for S24/S24+.
Algorithm please send me apple airpod reviews my Samsung earbuds are the worst.
I’m so hype for the AI features!
It's a good video, but the "blatantly copying apple's homework" comments is biased. Android along with samsung is crazy innovative.
is he talking about Samsung notes?
I really like the progress that Samsung Made. BUT ih hate that they more and more copie Apple. I remember when Samsung did a straitup comparison with the latsest iPhone IN THE NEWSPAPER. Just to show EVERYONE, that they are better. Now its just: we are selling iPhones with Android and super pumped-up Cameras. And the whole AI thing is just about spending your money quicker & easyer... i Think and thats NOT what im loking for. 🤷🏻
AI scares me a little... but its also damn impressive
Boring
bro nobody talks abour exynos. Where is it???
"blatantly copying Apple's homework" Dude this company has been pioneering for 20 years and Apple always follows. 😂
I mean they gotta get some stuff from Apple. Samsung basically made the iPhone. Lol 😂 Bout time samsung says wait a min yall always stealing our features.
2nd gen AI galaxy devices are going to be soo good
What is happening with MKBHD channel? it used to be at the top of my recommendations when I search for phones but now Google is just knowingly pushing down his videos. I feel someone may Google is playing with Marquees. Even the channels I am not subbed to are also being shown in the feed. I feel most of these tech companies should open source their algorithms for all the world to see. Because they are using their power to push down good content creators to push their narrative.
So Samsung starting to become lazy with the designs like apple
Issue I have with Samsung is the lack of privacy.
I don't understand why Samsung made their displays flat. Samsung has its own futuristic identity, which doesn't need to change to compete with the iPhone. The second concern is titanium; we've already seen the circumstances that occurred after introducing a titanium design in phones. Why continue with it?
For all the parents out there, we will automatically be leaning towards the Pixel 8 simply for the AI Face Selection feature for series of pictures. It could quite possibly be the deciding factor in how i choose my next phone and I would assume every other android using couples out there... Can you test this out or have any input on if S24 will have this feature in the future? Thanks!!!
the AI is free until the end of 2025, after that it will become a subscription
the edge ultra was better that this flat style....
Don't forget that Samsung is planning to charge for the new AI features.
Cameras are mediocre as usual. Nothing has changed.
Loved the shout-out to MatPat
You can't claim "squareness"  Apple shill: "It's squared JUST LIKE AN IPHONE!!!!!!!!!"
I actually waited for them to make a big upgrade for the main camera sensor(like upgrading to a 1 inch sensor or any better one) but it seems that they didn't. It seems they just brought a couple of software things except the new cpu and cooling system. These new software features could have been applied with a system update anytime they want I guess. If I'm not wrong people are actually buying these prime phones mainly for camera. Because nowadays, standard smarphones are generally just fast enough. I can't believe they didn't upgrade the main camera.
What about Moon 🌚 🌝 Photo..😂😂😂
7:58 when he showed the screen on s24ultra when doing something with selfie remastering whatever, i noticed that was taken on January 11.  So does that mean creators receive their products week before the launch event?
1:45 my a02s (dead) and current tab a7 lite with a 5k mah battery is dissapointed ngl, but oh well
How can I play this video in the background but not other from different channels
That looked like it sucked!! I bet he loved it.   Tenny will be drinking the cool aid.   Great job Will!!CrossFit isn’t meant to be easy.
I used to do that "new" search feature that let's you select anything in my Huawei mate 10 🤣🤣
the s24/+ are exynos here in the UK and I think Europe. wonder what they're going to be like.
The feature I like is live call transcription. I was born hearing impairment. Sometime I may struggle to listen voice. but this feature would be big helpful to us.
This comment section filled with so many scam coin bots bro, holy shit
At what point do we realize and recognize that pixel has most of these AI features already or are about to get them as well
So basically the curved display era is over?
the iPhone s24 looks good!
Samsung is out here doing big things!! Can't wait for a full review!
brother please suggest 15 pro max or S24 ultra.. which one is best .
Super dope❤
7:24 😮😮 nice 👍
"this is a theory, a lens theory" Thanks man matpat was a childhood
Don’t forget…gender neutral colors 🤦🏽‍♂️
Samsung UK has the best Trade in deal...   -S24 Ultra free Upgrade to 1TB -Galaxy watch 6 free -Sports Band for galaxy watch free -Anti reflective screen protector X2 free -Vegan leather case Free -£50 Discount -Further 5% Off   £664 for all of that upgraded my S23 no brainer!
Google Pixel 8 Pro, iPhone 15 Pro Max, Samsung S24 Ultra. All new phones released in 2024 which do you think is the best.
Upgrading from an s23 ultra would be just waste of money...
I know this is an American channel, but with 18 mil subscribers, you obviously have loads of fans from outside of NA as well. As such, I must say I'm pretty disappointed you didn't mention anything about the 2 lower models using Exynos instead of Snapdragon outside of NA. Based on what we've seen in the past, the difference in overall performance between the two, including things like battery performance, heating, CPU speed and even things like photo quality and connection quality, tends to be VERY substantial. And there's no reason to think this will be different. So as an influencer with such wide reach, it's a shame that you're giving Samsung a pass on this, and not properly informing your millions of non-American fans.  Sorry if that sounds harsh, I really do like your content, but I just don't see how any tech reviewer / influencer can justify this level of corporate dishonesty. At the very least, people deserve to be informed that they might buy a clearly inferior product if they buy a S24 or S24+ based on your reviews.
Wait, so "Galaxy AI" is just Google stuff? Not that that's a bad thing, but it surprised me!
For live translations, Do both callers need S24's with Ai and language packs downloaded?
Did they add Hdr and dolby vision support?  It's so frustrating to not be able to play 4k HDR videos on a 1100$ phone (s23 ultra)
Iphone fan boy
I like the slight curve of the screen.. the ultra looks way too sharp.
Hello
Dude is releasing everything but CES content 😂
By far the completely flat screen screen is the best feature here.
Still very happy with my S23 Ultra, can't wait for software updates
Samsung will start charging money for the AI feature after 2025, but no one seems to talk about this problem because Samsung told them not to. I see Apple following the same route as other Android phone makers later.
Curved displays were Samsung's trademark now they lost it 😢 worst decision ATM
why did samsung follow apple's design? whyyyyy
Correct me if im wrong, but the S24+ seems like the better choice in general for your money. I usually buy the ultra's too.
Skype had the live translation thing for a while now.
Love from Bangladesh ❤
2600 nits is nothing now that the OP12 is 4500. Like not even worth mentioning nits anymore because of that
How come this video plays in PiP on iPhone?
New Phone comes out i jump to this channel i dont even care what Samsung posted on the s24 🫣
It is clear that Samsung shipped all you and other YouTubers a free mobile phone and you all brag it and praise it. But the fact is that Samsung fools people with the same phone 3rd year, just like Apple does for last 6 years. So please... 😂
I love how things are said here. Titanium where have I heard that before.  Apple comes out with widgets. This is amazing. I really like it.  I like his videos but it's funny if you compare his iPhone reviews vs any other phone review. His language is similar to Apple where he talks different and better about iphone vs all other phones.
Optimus Prime statement cool
Dude! The shout out to MatPat!
Love everything bout ai but with photos HELL NO!!!... In this age you'll never know what's fake or real anymore.
He’s funny as shit. Apple was literally sued this week for stealing and had to remove a featureApple blatantly copies other phones ALL the time and this mf released a whole vid to explain it. But Samsung does the same thing and he says it as if Apple is the only company that’s allowed to steal. Like apple invented copying 😂😂😂😂 I love me some Marques but it’s clear who cuts the best checks 😂😂
So we got the Samsung iPhone 24 and the Samsung Xperia Ultra. Nice.
Thank GOD they brought back the flat screen on the Ultra! Time to upgrade from my Red (salmon pink) S22 Ultra 😅
Meanwhile the rest of the world gets exynos in the s24 and s24+ 😢
You look low key excited. I don't think I've ever seen you like this for any first impression. 😅
as a teacher The translation section is big
Infinity wallpaper is back! I been using s9 Infinity wallpaper on my S22 Ultra for years
All that apart, is the moon thing real?
Is AI Available on S21 Ultra?
In India, the s24 does start with 256gb in 2024, it’s 256gb and 512gb options here
7:40 Huh? You understand Spanish? Or were you reffering to your colleagues there?
Why pip is working on your video though I don’t have YouTube premium !!
The phone translation seems the most appealing to me, it would be interesting to see if it integrates into apps such as WhatsApp. Maybe a test in the upcoming full review?
No reason why all these software updates / enhancements can't come to the S23 Ultra too.
Not a fan of Samsung bad experiences in the past with a few phones but the ultras have caught my eye that flat sizes and squareness is fire
Marques pimple is bigger than S24’s camera lens!!
They should have launched S24 EDGE too, personally I'm fan of edge screen. However it's difficult to apply screen protector but hydrogel screen protector does fine job.
IPhone is still the best with it's simplicity. I am a busy guy so i don't use all the junk Samsung has
Bro , We will get exinox instead of snapdragon. Any comments/thought about that ?
Will be interested to see the full review as I've had my current S21 Ultra for 3 years and plan to upgrade to an S24 Ultra in the next couple months. The AI features are cool! Love how fast the AI visual search is. Also, altho I've always been partial to Galaxys, I have never liked the curved screens, I'm a flat screen fan but put up with the curved screens cuz I'm dedicated to Galaxys. I'm so friggin pumped that the S24 Ultra is 100% flat. I've been wanting that for years.
Is it me your s24 looks like Nokia Lumia phone
Is it just me or someone else couldn't finish the video, bro is the same phone!!
Titanium frame, have we heard it before?🤔
You know when people say that when they try iphone they can't switch, now it's with samsung...
The Samsung phone is made what MKBHD wants.😉
nice to have 7 years updates but.... what about exynos in Europe ? If this is the case, I can not trust the 7 years updates considering AI that might be hungry..... not fan of it... I just wanted to leave Apple but now... just considering if it's worth in EU... not sure
China is making transparent phones but nobody is taking notice until Samsung and iPhone starts making them.
No memory card slot?!?!? Psh com'mon samsung
People : IPhones look the same every year Samsung : hold my beer
Copied Google translate and lens. Meh
First the rounded of edges like iPhone now titanium like iPhone as well seems kinda sus
One word: Wow!  I use iPhone and am frustrated with Siri. It may seem to me that Samsung and Android have taken a long step forward and that Apple is lagging behind in the starting area.
Thabks for the review. It loooks like my Samsung Note 20 Ultra 5G is still in a very good shape - it has all these features. ))
Pls do a comparison to pixel 8 see which one has better AI features
They don't even make an attempt to differentiate it from an iPhone anymore. They copy it exactly as it is and that's it. Ridiculous.
Me looking and being fascinated at something I can't afford 🙃
That download speed 😢
What if we crop those bard stars from the edited photo? Is it possible? If yes then giving it at a corner makes no sense. We can clear the metadata data as well. Plz share ur thoughts on this in detailed review.
Is the camera still glitching / lagging like all previous Galaxy versions no matter the OS ?
When Apple launches new iPhones everyone would say "same thing from years ago". Now Samsung launches new Galaxy phones pretty much identical than previous versions and no one say a comment about it. The thing against Apple is definitely hate. Cheers and peace!
I will not buy an Exynos S24... i keep my 23
I had to stop watching when i didn't see curved display. I'm in love with that thing and Samsung has decided to remove it instead of reinventing it. Sad
Are there any changes to the finger print reader? You didn't mention it. Awesome coverage as usual
Soooo whatever happened to that hidden holepunch Sammy teased for the ultra back in like 2019??🤔
So they copied pixel
Gg
Lame not worth the upgrade
Where are the android kids crying that 15 pro looks the same as 14 pro?
I was impressed by s23 and i was thinking of getting an s24 but Samsung effed up by releasing Exynos version in my region.
Shoutout to matpat was so sweet
I got iPhone 14 Pro Max is it worth it to upgrade to the s24 ultra ?
Tbh, I really like Android’s AI. It’s sooo f good. I wish Apple would do something about their AI software and not just the aesthetic stuff.
I thougt the S 24 and S 24+ only hat the Exynos 2500 chips?
Im officially switching to android
He downloaded Hindi ❤
50Mpx UW 200Mpx main 50Mpx 5×  Perfect camera setup
The flat sides design and screens looks great, I'm sticking with Pixel though because of the software. Samsung switching from a 10mp 10x to a 50mp 5x was smart.
iPhone better
S24 vsPixel 8 a good contest
Most of the AI features look to me from Android 14. Which tells me that pixel 8 exclusive features are not linked with the tensor chip at all. Older pixel models are not getting the features but samsung phones will.
I have always been jelly of Samsungs S pen 🖊️ features. Apple 🍎 mafia has been missing on these amazing tools 🧰. We need an Apple Pencil ✏️ mini for at least the iPhone pro max. 😢
The translation feature is absolutely wild. That would completely change the way I communicate with family back home (my parents translate for me at the moment), I've been waiting for the tech to get this good. Look forward to see it when it comes out!
What is not being talked about Galaxy AI enough is the fact that it will only be free until 2025.  This is a really scummy move for such an expensive device.
Matt patt plug-in 🥺🥺
What AI features are they gonna push to previous generation phones via software updates!? That's really a deciding factor here for people to buy the new generation or not. Can you please inform on that? Thanks!
Want to see night time recording vs an iPhone! Video quality at night is all for me
9:57 Well, it's better than Apple copying everyone else and selling it as their own work. At least they don't go around suing everybody for patent infringement  10:19 I will actually NEVER buy a phone case that has that lazy cutout for the cameras. It has to have a cover or individual camera cutouts
I know that MKBHD love flat display like me
Phones look and sounds amazing but... Outside of the US, Canada, China, and Japan(?). The regular S24/+ have the Exynos 2400 and I'm so bummed out on that. I was ready to switch from my 14 Pro Max. My hands are too small for the Ultra (and my 14 pro Max which I regret getting over the 14 Pro)
Can't afford this😂😂😂😂😂
Bro give a iPhone
No fun , where passion ?
No point guys. I bought the S23. It generally rains in my city and I slightly got wet and the whole phone hardware and motherboard got damaged including the Bluetooth and WiFi module. Basically useless in 3 months. Hardware is equally important. 😅
Aww why didn't they curve the corners on the Ultra? T_T
Marques you forgot to mention that Galaxy AI will require a subscription after 2025! Very key!
GREAT REVIEW
I preordered my ultra yesterday, finally upgrading from my note 20 ultra. I had no reason to upgrade in the past due to my phone working great and micro sd slot, but the 7 year os upgrades is huge. Plus my phone's built in 128gb was getting full and there wasn't a huge way of forcing micro sd for everything. I really could use the Android 14 features so I figured it's worth the upgrade. I think it'll be a bit being used to the flat screen again but overall it looks awesome.
I just realized  I did not subscribed  to your channel Marques.  The only legit channel I trust for the legit reviews. Had to search... Finally I subscribed..
S24 sending Exynos to India only ultra gets SD gen3
I definitely want to get the S24 Ultra violet cool color
im very happy with my S23 Ultra 😊
That's funny my LG Valvet has take photos  ai information
👍👍
apples -does not change design samsung - same
In the EU, Samsung went back to Exynos for S24/S24+ so f-u, Samsung.
Until Samsungs choppy scrolling and choppy gestures are fixed I think I’ll stick to iPhone 15 pro, such smoothness and animations are unmatched, only think is good about the high end Samsungs are the cameras that’s it really, video is poor and UX is poor, if your not to much into cameras might as well just buy an A50 or 70
S24 (& S24+) got Exynos in India. Right time to buy S23 with Snapdragon. 😅
I would love to see same distance looking shot with different type of cameras phone can do.   So then we could do detail comparison.  Does lens gets distorted or not? that would be neat to see.
Sumsung trolls as well as copies apple.😂😂
Still remember the first time I even got interested in Samsung was due to it's beautiful curved screen on S6 edge. Only time will tell how being a copycat helps them regain no1 spot in sales.
Yes the Ultra is finally flat!!!!!!! ❤️
I can't wait to see all the memes about the s24 ultra having titanium rails 😂
Seems like a lot of the AI features are from the Pixel line. I think pixel has had context image search for like 2 years now
The case has MagSafe? 👀
Why just they don't use 200 mp 10x zoom
I'm upgrading from an S8 and holy lord am I excited...
Why can i put this video into picture in picture mode even without YouTube premium
That Matpat shoutout just as he announced he's "retiring" is a nice touch :)
This video os false advertasing for the samsung s24 out side US and Europe, because the processor is diferent (Exynos 2400) for other parts of the world
camera upgrades seems necessary for photography
nobody love bixby
Be careful because he is a very clever manipulator, very cleaver..
Same
Still no innovations, still snapdragon/exynos issue, still a scam for that price
Boring as heck. Imma wait for the OnePlus 12
You activated my Bixby 😂
just copying pixel 8
Will the AI features get passed down to the S23 series? If yes, after how long?
I hope the 10x zoom is at least as good as my current. I use it a lot actually
Awe man, am I the only person who enjoyed the waterfall edge? Dang why they gotta remove it😭
I'm finally going to splurge too buy the best phone out there in Gray
5:33 I mean he is loving the convenience 💀💀
But we know that Bixby is always ahead 👀
Dont go and buy it yet. These reviews are under a certain rule that doesnt let you say anything bad about the phone for a week until its launched
Hello, I just noticed that MKBHD videos I watch on my IPhone I can watch in a Picture in Picture or small window format over other apps, I am not sure how it is called, but it is a YouTube premium option. But I don’t have YouTube premium yet still can watch in Picture in Picture format MKBHD videos. Does anyone know why is that? Genuinely curious.
But is Samsung's bloatware is still there? This is the only reason why I don't want it and I know you can root it, but then makes the warranty void.
The translation feature looks killer so useful
He told faster than my find evaluates just i am thinking same he told there😅🎉
Samsung released the OneUI6 update and ruind so many phones, including S23. A bit sus thing to happen around a major launch.
Dude from curved display to none curved is actually moving backwards. Well done Samsung you played yourself
3:20 it’s not actually your theory. In the keynote they explained that. The new telephoto is to reduce the gap between 3x and 10x, and get more quality across every zoom
The spec sheet was a nice touch.
Finally.
Finally Samsung Fans can vomplain about the iphone design.🤡
I would absolutely buy the S24 right away IF it came with pure Android, like on the Pixel.
In the full review, exinos vs snapdragon comparison... Like battery life, speed, etc...
I am a user of the Apple ecosystem, I love Apple, but I love galaxy s24
wonder how heavy it will be on the server side :D
And yet there are women who will not date an android user.😒
All lives are precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: "For God so loved the world that He gave his only Son that whosoever believes in Him will not perish but have eternal life." (John 3:16) God is just so because we broke his moral law by doing wrong against Him, ourselves and others, His punishment for sin is the death penalty. However He is also merciful which is why He gave Himself in human form (Jesus) to die for us, and take away our sins if we repent and believe in Him. If we do, our debt or bail is paid and we can go free. God is also merciful for those who have never heard the gospel and will judge them by their conscience, actions and belief in Him from evidence of creation.
In some countries, like here in Brazil for example, the 24 and 24+ will come with exynos 😑 only the 24ultra comes with 8gen3
A game theory
But that’s just a theory: a Lens Theory
How am I about to play this video in pip mode without having premium? 😯
When did new phones get so boring?
So it’s a 100% copy paste of the design of the iPhone without paying Apple for that 🤦‍♂️
Android hot! 🔥🔥
Switching from 15 Pro Max. iPhone is just so boring and stale outside of iMessage and FaceTime
Same cpu in europe or do they go back to screwing us again ?
Translator jobs are dead. AI saga continues!!!
iphone meatrider mkbhd
Not only does it look almost exactly like an iPhone 15, you can also get a case for it that is compatible with magsafe. The uniqueness that Android phones used to be known for seems to slowly be dying off. At this point the only difference between phones in a couple years is going to be the operating system and maybe some camera differences.
There will be a mod to remove the watermark.
7:59 you took that picture on my birthday!
Did he just say "copy apples home"
boxy design is looking cool
just add higher gb memory on s24 and am sold the only reason and only difference between s23 s23 plus s24 s24 plus was added memory  128-256 s23-24  256-512 s23-24 i ended up getting s23 plus last year solely by memory everything else are identical
that's a big dog😮
I hope African language is included
Man, This is PERFECT timing! I'm now torn between getting the 24 Ultra or the RedMagic 9 Pro....
this decade feels like the Decade of AI, all the stuff seems cool but live translation ? its like one of those Sci-Fi movie tech that is actually becoming real, this could take out the jobs of translators
Marques: *_speaks with a Korean_* Also Marques: *_downloads Hindi_*
🤣 flat screen just like the iPhone, How many phones on the market have flat screens? LOL
In India they put exynos 2400 in s24 and 24+ so thats a bummer 😂
S24 fans here
Nice camera 🎥 S24 price is affordable 😮😮
Some features are similar like my Pixel
whoa, thanks for bringing up the nits!  so all the new S24 have 2,600 nits peak brightness compared to just 1,750 nits on even the old S23 Ultra.  trade-in for me, plzthx.  The nits upgrade on the latest Galaxy Watch over the previous one was huge too.
NO CURVE AT ALL ON THE ULTRA? Finally I can upgrade my S23 Ultra to something that's worth it.  Jk, but yeah, it's annoying as hell. Feature wise I don't mind it and it may be nice, but as someone who uses screen protectors, I hate how annoying it is to put a screen protector on this shit. Interested to see if the 5X 50MP actually holds up. Given the already low quality of the 10X zoom, if the quality of the cropped image isn't up to the task it may make it even worse.
One thing I was wondering why Samsung never faces any criticism for using the same design as last year like apple does 🤔
Titanium wow 😲
Lovely design great work Samsung
Hmmm that cool
why all youtube reviewer use 3 buttons navigation system ??
Samsung should consider removing the S-Pen and selling it separately and increasing its battery capacity to 5,500-6000mah on the Ultra.
Dude faster than Samsung
Some markets are running with exynos chip in s24 and 24+🤣🤣🤣
Are you thinking of checking out the fitness tracking ring samsung announced?
Since they came out yesterday the Galaxy will receive no more updates 😂
Are these features also coming to the s23 ultra or are they just the prime feature of the s24 ultra?
I can remove things in the background and "remaster" photos already on my S23+. Sounds like rebranding of existing features. It's cool that they put a watermark on the altered photo, but unless there's a standard AI Enhanced graphic, no one will know what it means. Can you crop out the watermark after saving the altered photo? I actually miss the rounded edges of my S20+. The edges on the S23+ make it more challenging to hold onto. Isn't the screen on the S23 series flat? Not sure why it's a bit deal with the S24 lineup. The new lineup seems like a nice refresh of their previous offering.
വിളിക്ക് ഐഫോൺ സെയിം ഡിസൈൻ ആണ് ഇറക്കുന്നെ എന്ന് പറഞ്ഞ് കളിയാക്കുന്നവൻമാരെ😅😅😅
These expensive phones should provide back cover and tempered glass inside the box like budget smartphones. I like how they mangaged to make a phone with bigger battery with the same weight (on the base model).
Is this the end of the mobile revolution?
Man I love your content soo much ❤️ Btw s24 line up looks sick!
Greatings from Europe, Samsung. I loved your Phones but with the Return of Exynos... I am out. Real bad choice.
One thing that bugged me when I had a Samsung was the camera app itself. The camera as we all know is amazing but the experience in zooming never felt like a Samsung but they’ve slowly been improving hopefully they get to that SAMSUNG quality
It might be interesting to note that the S24/S24+ have the Exynos 2400 in some countries (Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 are for US, China, Japan and Canada only apparently for these phones). The S24 Ultra has the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for all of countries.
they run the exynos 2400 in europe..... except the ultra
Yup sticking with my s22 ultra, I hate that phones are going back to the brick style body instead of curved stuff. Just not as comfortable in handling
Finally. Ultra looks like a phone.
how many people interested new Samsung AI Feature ?
You should mention that the SD8 Gen 3 across the board is only valid for US. EU got shafted with the Exynos 1200 on S24 and S24+.
Insane the design is exactly like the iPhone
Daaaaaamn.
Google search from photo gallery is not new, neither unique to Samsung Galaxy 24. It’s existed on iPhone for years 😉
S24 and S24 plus Nice for girls ❤❤❤
S24 and s24+ have Samsung processer not snapdragon 8gen3 4:07
way to be subtle about copying the iphone, sheesh
Love to Buy the S24 Ultra but i live in Iran 😢
Until they bring back the expandable microsd I'm not interested
On the Huawei nove 5i ... the instant visual search is activated by pressing  and holding with two fingers...shows results for everything on the screen
I dont think its an upgrade from previous for cameras perspective as i watch from the presentation. They said "10x optical quality zoom" but i would say nayyyy for it. If i want to shoot something beautiful in zoom ill do it in expert raw oh what i got S22ULTRA with real dedicated 10X zoom. S24 ultra zoom would be heavily processed by AI which give you "not real" images. I am already unsatisfied with Samsung zoom since S20 already the native camera overdraw the texture of zoom subject like my Xperia XZ (its not really Samsung problem because its sony zoom sensor so Samsung might not have the full control of the production) The main camera app i use in my S22U is Gcam mods its wayyy more realistic no shit.
Nahh the phone app AI is damn good
And yet it’s not an iPhone. Damn
Ok that call translation is pretty cool! Well done Samsung!
Live translation is pretty neat. I miss my old note, but 1300 is a ton for a phone. May just have to stay on the poor boy stuff, because kids aint cheap!
Wait did he just said Yo! At the beginning of the video Dope✌️
Absolutely love the flat display than curve
Flat screen on the Ultra might be enough for me to switch back over. I’m a big hater of curved displays.
I felt it wasn't much new to write home about, then I saw the pricetag (for the ultra) and I just laughed. Like why? Whyt would I pay that coming from my now old S21U? There's just no way to justify that upgrade no matter what.
Babelfish 0.1
AI is free till 2025 than Samsung will charge extra money monthly for it? So no thanks! And again with the shjit exynos wrong policy? So  NO thanks! 👎! Keeping my note 10 plus sd855 version 512gb +512gb SD card! Still rocking! 💪
I just bought an ultra s23, will it be able tondo all of this?   The processor is good sonit should be enough... Right?
You got 18 mil subscribers  quit begging people to subscribe ffs. We get how yt works😂
Where is the video object eraser I was promised 😳😳😳
Flat display on the ultra now has me contemplating getting the S24 Ultra lol.
S24 in the UK is an exynos CPU 👎😡
How does the Google Draw to Search work with Gestures enabled instead of the navbar buttons?
is funny how Apple still set trends in 2023/24
Wonder why the trend from curved bezels faded away. I mean I always thought that to be futuristic aspect, yet it looks like people want back to flat
Why do they follow Apple’s design?😮
Hey, MKBHD, get into electric emoto bikes like Surron, Talaria, Zero, Eride, etc. This seems like something you're followers may already be into.
Audio engineer here. You’re using to much compression and de-esser in your voice. Is too artificial and annoying. Your sound guy isn’t the best, sorry to say.
when i have to choose between two 1000 Euro phones, i choose the original. The iPhone
A Samsung phone would be a no brainer for me IF they stopped forcing their proprietary software on us.
Beautiful
LOVED the Mat Pat shout out 🥲
Bring back the S20 design. Note a fan of the flat screen
Liked for the MatPat shout out
Still using my N20ultra 🤫
They copy off each other!
It's practically just taking the best parts of iPhone 15 and Pixel 8 but with a hint of Bixby
Nice shotout to MatPat
It's a good day to be an Android user
Most of people buy those s23 ultra because of curved display which iPhone doesn't have... Samsung's downfall starts now...
Yeah we all know this phone is about the AI and Samsung is making it seem like they are the first at this. But Google introduced it few months ago with their Pixel 8 (not running the snapdragon 8gen 3). So in the review it would be nice to compare the AI feature in pixel and in the samsung.
would you look at that, nobody's saying anything about Samsung charging 1300, which is more than the iphone 15 pro max, but they have also flattened the sides and just sneaked in titanium . Who's copying who now and overcharging people?
Have you noticed that Samsung won't tell you which CPU brand is equipped on your smartphone?
Pre-ordered mine in lime 🙏🙏
I was zooming into 10x all the time. In fact, that lens was the primary reason I chose the Galaxy Ultra over others. I'd have rather seen them increase it to like 15x than drop it to 5x. I won't be purchasing this year.
Having Samsung Software/Hardware with Apples build is 🤌
Phone of the yr. no doubt
Into Yo sounds like Jesse pinkman from breaking bad
Will the S23 phones get the AI features?
Watch on an iPhone    My last iPhone ever
More Than Meets The AI
I'm seriously considering jumping ship back onto Samsung for that phone after watching your video and some other ones about it.
looking forward on test for s24 and s24+ non us regions bcs exynos is making a comeback for wtv reason 💀💀💀
Sounds like a good upgrade from me 10e. 😂😂😂  Really eyeing those AI features on the notes and image editor. As those are what I use the most of my phone currently.
What is AWT88K that everyone talking about in comments???
"Shoutout to MatPat". Game recognize game.
O
Great review
a lense theory... a game theory.
It’s weird how apple got a tiny bit more rounder, and the S24 got more boxy with sharper corners. I held it for a bit the other day at my Best Buy… and I found it ultra uncomfortable to hold (Pun intended).
Where is innovation?   You guys might as well get the iPhone
Not me waiting for the One Plus 12 review
Bruh Samsung !!!
Display upgrade is nice but I also wanna see how it performs in the gaming department compared to the other snapdragon gen 3 phones
Marques still does it the best, he deserves the success he´s got!
Does it have something like a chat gbt where you can ask it questions?
I hear that it's got 7 year OS update. True/false 😕
Me watching in 144p: 4:07 Brother, The Ultra starts at $1000??
No curves No S24 Ultra for me
Finally i can buy the s20
Hey marquez you got a pimple
Omg the game theory ester egg
I really love the new ai features
I wish they kept the "e" line. I'm on my S10e since 2019 and I would give anything for a S24e or something similar.
Won't be long until we have universal translators like in Star Trek
Being unable to distinguish real from frake due to AI is so....unfortunate. Total game changer in good and bad ways. We are going to be gaslighting the human race to the extreme.
DBrand hitting the point with the MagSafe cases
I just wanna be an absolute menace and tell the world that Samsung copied Iphone…. Again. But there are alot of cool features with AI and stuff but will you use it is my question. Like they removed the 10x to add the 5x because the 10x was too zoomed.
Looks like overpriced propaganda...
I want to see this compared to the pixel
Looks like the s22 ultra
I think I broke the Samsung website right now… can’t look at the phone on the website
Awesome quick review!
Much better with flat screens but the ultras rectangular shape is off putting.
It would have been nice to have Qi2 support but other than that it seems like a great phone.
All the way around ✅
ill be getting s24 ultra this time around...currently on s22+
Am I the only one who is perfectly fine with 126gb starting storage? My phone usually sits around 60-70gb used. I'm glad it didn't start at 256gb, requiring a price bump.
Bro review Vivo X100 pro and compare with Samsung s24 ultra
Dude can buy phone faster than my phone
I waited for them to finish their live stream while I was in class and a hour after to pre order the Ultra, I’m so excited to get this phone in my hand.❤
You should write "more than meets the AEye (Ai)"😂
AI here and there, but honestly: How often do you use this? This image search is a thing for like 7 years now, I've never been in a situation where I thought that I could make use of it. In the end, I use my phone to write messages, call someone, search something (text) on the web or scroll through social media.
Poor from Samsung to omit snapdragon from eu and aus s24 and s24+. Part of me thinks that they keep snapdragon in us market so big reviewers don't mention it...
Pixel 8 users still waiting for the AI that was promised on launch. Samsung releasing their phones with all the features they promise.  Google... Hello?
Snapdragon across the board but not across the borders.
The bezels in the ultra look notably thicker than the s24
Samsung galaxy S24 Ultra AI ❤💥 January 2024
These AI editing features are cool af but also scary af .
The integration of AI seems pretty cool. I personally can't see so much use for photo or video editing, but if implement in other cool ways I can see it being a must have in the future. We all know that sci-fi dream of having a virtual companion in your phone, that would be kind of cool. A persona that you can ask anything and they will perform accurately, that understands slang and your wy of speaking, interpolates your speech, or jobs that are beyond the current assistant tasks like turn the torch on or set an alarm. Would be a pretty neat feature.
I hope Apple does this ASAP, especially for iPad lol.
This is the design that I wish from Sony Xperia XZ but sadly they decided to do a very tall design which is why I swap to Note 20 Ultra, I love boxy design like Xperia XZ but it's too old & big bazel
Your video quality ! 🤌✨😍
Looks like I'll be sticking with the fold...
00:29 Same design, new colors. 01:25 Larger, brighter displays. 02:52 S24 Ultra camera update. 04:45 Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 chip. 05:15 AI features overview. 07:38 Advanced photo editing. 09:34 Bixby's  unclear role.
3:45 HE SAID THE LINE
exynos in europe, sad=(((
an S series over an iphone any day😉😉
The question is , should I get a new phone because of new A.I features only?
MATPAT SHOUTOUT YOOO LENS THEORY!
Anyone here want an brand new unopened S22, 256, Unlocked, Green??
I dont know why rounded-edge screen looks cheap. Maybe because it resemble Redmi budget phone. Flat and rounded. Make it like Nubia Z60 Ultra or the bigger Galaxy S24 Ultra instead, look super good.
samsung copying apple
I hope live translation comes to s23 line up or on the Ultra at least..
As an iPhone user for the last 4 years, if iPhone can’t come up with something just as cool for the next iPhone, it might be time to switch 👀
what about the fold phones
Cool in europe we exynos 😄😄😅😅😀😀🤣🤣😃😃🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😃😃
Ultra looks like Sony Experia design years ago
Is it me or does the ultra now look like a Sony phone??
Great preview! I would like to see if the fake AI photo looks real or people can clock easily that something is off in the image
But does is run snapdragon 8 on all of them in Europe as well? And why doesn't it?
So is the Galaxy s24 smarter than the Pixel 8? I was not very impressed with its AI features.
Bro, faster than light 🚨
Try saying "flagship chip" fast over and over 😅
S24 with Snapdragon 8 gen 3 accross the board...yeah... *cries in european*
I miss the edge displays on base models.  Also no signature on design of the phones which is the biggest down side of Samsung phones recently.
Me using Google Lens for years now on my 200 bucks Samsung from 2020 💟🌌☮️
Visual search is available on pixel as well. Pixel does most Samsung features already.  Hahaha I had to laugh when Samsung said they were going to be partners with Google. 😂 Funny as. Ohhhhhhhhh Galaxy Ai. What about when they charge you for it after 2025? Google don't do that.
He already has the s25's
Samsung “ Ai is jus 🔥
It's interesting that they only did titanium on the Ultra & not the entire S24 lineup. They also didn't color the titanium, which clashes with certain colors imo. The only thing I like about these phones so far is the flatness & software improvements.
most of the mobile phone nowadays are the designs are align to iPhone 😅
No Log format in video? 🤔
The base s24 and s24+ has Exynos 2400 but the ultra has the 8 gen 3 here in the Indian Market
Please what’s the price for the Samsung s24 ultra
please which job can I do to afford this phone
Apple will never ever catch up. This gap is just too wide
Next up - shoot YouTube video with the ai mode completely!
Not all the versions runs the 8gen 3. The Indian version of s24 and s24plus runs the Exynos 2400!
As a software engineer, the ability to circle something on a image to get its accurate search results is wild. Not for the technology but for the implications of it. The database of every image of everyone ever on the planet in the next few years.  Good luck.
yawn....the same phone with a few AI toys you`ll play around with for two hours then never touch again.
Now finally everyone is going for the flat screen 👌
Titanium violet crazy, 7 years OS support crazy, enhanced AI features, boxy body + flatscreen super crazy. Now tell me why should I ever buy an iPhone, like honestly, why.😂😂😂😂😂
"Qualcomm all across the board". What is the percentage of viewers from Europe, Marques? The European market receives the Exynos-soc which very likely performs worse. Why is such information not provided?
Why did not you say about Exynos 2400 in variants for other countries?
Samsung uses google lense and people think it's a new thing
Most of the so called new features are useful in Hypothetical situations which we seldom need. It's more to satisfy our wants. 10x to 5x is a bad move. I really think 10x was way more useful. Instead, 5x should have replaced 3x zoom. Smartphone innovations seem to be saturated with no new useful stuff coming while the price keep going up. 30k Samsung phones can do 90% of these things. I would urge all to refrain wasting your money on these new super expensive phones. Instead go for midrangers.
The s24 and the s24+ are getting exynos instead of snapdragon in the Netherlands. Which was a big downgrade in older generations. I don't know why samsung does this. It is a shame we get less good products for the same price
5 cameras is just silly
Is the sides black on the blue?
Disappointing that you put non Apple devices altogether in one video, but for Apple it's multiple videos per smartphone
Imagine Samsung releasing 4 phones S24, s24+, s24 ultra, s24 ultra+… I’ll buy ultra with smaller screen size(6.2) but full of features
That frame around the blue one is black 🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️
There is 1 mistake.  S24 and s24 plus have no 8gen 3
Fairphone offers at least 9 years of security updates, how many years does Samsung offer?
a question. was exynos dropped entirely?
Finally no curved screen
The s24 does not come with Snapdragon if you live in Europe , only the ultra comes with Snapdragon
The phone is well built. I love it
Can you make an auto focus video on the BMW XM @mkbhd?
Can i get one please
Shoulda ban these stupid crypto scams comments
shame they’re using the cheaper exynos chip in the S24 and S24+ outside of the US
The none ultra models are hot AF, but they are definitely copying apple except the camera layout part
soo Pixel 8 pro or S24?
Great overview! I'm really interested in the live translation features of the S24 series. As someone who travels a lot and doesn't always speak the local language, having AI handle translations in real-time conversations could be a total game changer. The camera updates also look solid. I'm curious to see some photo samples from that new 5x telephoto lens. Improved zoom is always welcome! Appreciate you breaking down all the details as always. Looking forward to the full review after you've put these phones through their paces. Keep up the good work!"
5:08 What’s the advantage of this over using Google Assistant’s “Search screen” shortcut button to Google Lens? Is it just that drawing the circle is slightly faster than adjusting the selection box in original Google Lens?   But original Google Lens has more functionality. Looks like here you can only search by image. Whereas Google Lens via Google Assistant can select and translate on-screen text as well.
I like your device case sponsor. I'm picky about protecting my stuff, and it sounds like this case will have me covered.
So disappointing... Samsung just took part ofgoogle AI (that is much less advanced compared to Microsoft and OpenAI) and put it inside the devices.  No real innovation, the downgrade of 10X camera on the ultra device is a deal braker for many fans of this device , the real slow charging of 45W & 25W whaen other devices (oneplus for example) can charge up to 200W today is just disappointing.
You know I have the Galaxy S23 and I don't think I wanna upgrade my phone to the S24!🤔 Cause they are just veerryyy similar...
I found the AI features on the S24 series truly compelling and the instant visual search sounds like a game changer.
Definitely excited to see if that 5x zoom with higher res is comparable to optical 10x at lower res! 4:19
S24: Basically S23 with a new software. 😅
I see what u did with the "lense theory" there 📷
Always copy apple
Starting to see why people watch mrwhostheboss or whatever.. no bias just a straight up review of a product. Great stuff. Whostheboss.  You need to make reviews again Marcus. Let me know when you do.
And people saying Apple's square design is outdated 😅
I don't think any of the new features are actually AI. They are just new features that use some awesome hardcoded algorithms with a buzz word AI added to it. They don't learn or evolve as you use them to make thinks better, do they.
MKBQ - MK Be Quick
Imagine calling someone you wanna hear, then not hearing them at all but rather hear a bot voice translating weird stuff you dont even know if its real. End of the world is indeed nigh
I want Vibranium phone. Apple do you hear me ?
I was wondering how I can use this new AI for language learning. I know many will tell me it will instantly eliminate my trouble of learning different languages as it provides live translation etc. but hey I enjoy learning languages. If it’s recommended by many others whose purpose is the same, maybe I’ll give it a try
I do not support Ai, it is stealing from artists like me
the snapdragon is on only in the usa models the reset of the world get the snapdragon only in the ultra The s24/s24+ have Exynos 2400.
AI tools are so incredibly useful that I am very happy Samsung is integrating them directly into the device itself. That's why I'll wait just a bit longer to purchase my next device. I believe we have finally identified a valid reason for next level of serious hardware upgrades. I'm talking such things as 64 gigabytes of working memory and terabytes of fast storage capacity. Both of these are well within the power of the major phone manufacturers to add. I personally do not want so much of my AI data traversing the web. Instead, I desire a complete and highly efficient  LLM that operates locally on my device. Additionally, I seek more precise control over how that data interacts with me, the ability to radically customize it, and most importantly, who else is informed about my activities with it.
Fun Fact that some region gets Exynos 2400 in S24 regular and plus. That is sucks
indeed this time I think the S24 plus is actaully a considerable option
Every year after s20 those videos start with "Well there's nothing new on the outside, different colours though, and on the inside.. well not much has changed either"
Whats the extra side button on the phone
That shout out to Matpat 😭
Just ordered the black 1Tb one for 1279 euro. Got a whopping 500  euro discount without returning my old phone
Bixby ... Why?
3:45 HE SAID THE THING
Honestly what a huge mehhhh of a release. Released because they had to, not because they had anything new
Watching this on my Iphone 15 pro max 256gb fully paid
These features will be availble on Iphone 20
Dude faster than iPhone
Separate S24 review
But is 23 ultra receiving any of these AI software updates? I wouldn't see any reason not to other than Samsung just not doing it...
Exynos in Europe again, yay
Omg he has so many views
I love it flat Display😁
Great phone, love to MatPat ❤
Dont bullshit us mate, Snapdragon wont be world wide.  In what Samsung deems to be less than equal markets the s2x and the s2x + will have an exynos chip. ONLY the Ultra will have the sd chip worldwide.  Please when you make content. Dont forget to include this. People outside the us&south Korea will be thinking they get the best thats available. And exynos is definitely not the best
Death of designing and creativity we know Samsung for giving us something different every year, remember the S6,7,9, 10 all had notable design changes   Am good with my S22 😅
Will AI stuff be available on S23 ultra at some point?
In Norway they apparently have done the weirdest thing ever. The ultra is the only one of the three that gets the new Snapdragon chip.. the other two get the "amazing" Exynos 2400 chip.. yey..? Stuff like this shouldn't be legal
Galaxy Launch is always special
getting so used with the yearly iphone that makes little to no changes, people started to get surprised when a company releases a NEW phone with better battery, brightness, screen etc etc. haha
I love how Marquez made it seem like a bonus that the plus now has a 2k screen 😂. Who remembers back when every model had the same 2k screen that Samsung decided to stop so people would have a reason to buy the s20(or was it 21?) ultra. Imo the s10 was the last yr of Samsung being good for the consumer. Back then every model was the same phone just different sizes and an extra camera with the larger model and ofc a larger battery to fill the extra space. Nowadays you’re actually getting worse specs for a smaller phone. Now my complaint isn’t with the size but really with the price. You used to get the same phone minus an extra camera lens for $100 cheaper. Now you have to pay like $500 more to get the ultra or you have a inferior product which actually started during 10 model yr with the note 10 when Sam made a regular n10 and a n10+ with the n10+ really being the n10 and the base model being the n10e. You see Apple started this idea of a cheaper phone with a slightly different name aka the iPhone xr and Sam copied with the s10e but then the next yr Apple suddenly had a genius idea to market the cheaper r model as the standard model and the standard model as a plus model hence the current pro and non pro iPhones and Samsung copied that starting with the note 10 which has just been going downhill for customers of both flagship Brands with apple and Samsung offering older chips in the non pro/plus/ultra models and worse screens etc while still marketing it as the standard model phone. Luckily these companies are starting to see a need to go back to the good past and Samsung gave the plus model it’s old screen back although we will have to wait for the regular s24 to get its old screen back and Apple in rumors at least is going to be bringing the same new chipset to every model 16! (Samsung did have a version of the e or r before Apple with their s2-4 mini phones which came out in 2012 and Apple kinda copied with their flopped 5c in 2013. The idea of both these phones was a cheaper lower spec and build phone which is exactly what the xr and s10e were going for yet the xr succeeded really well and became the best selling smartphone of the yr for possibly even two yrs in a row and the s10e well very few people even remember that it exists.. )
Ai is scary  Just imagine what can you do with photos videos even voices  Scary because it can be used In negative ways I know it's easy for many to identify real vs fake photos videos But many are not which can affect many things in our life.
I miss the days when everything about new Samsung phones was, ya know.... new.
all 3  models got snapdragon processor only in US and Canada... the rest of the world is stuck with exynos on s24 and s24+. Just s24 ultra got the snapdragon  ☹ Not fair!
Crazy how lately it’s all about small upgrades, nothing massive
Cool S24 ultra  Can't wait to get one 🎉🎉
Will they add these sofware updates to the S23 lineup? Not the AI thing but the OS upgrade
so the main selling point is the AI features, does it requires an internet connection? if so then there is a big chance most of the processing is being done on the cloud and the whole phone is pointless
I honestly (money aside) couldn't tell if all these new AI features (which seem really, really handy) are a big enough trade-off for using FaceID.
For the first time in a long while I'm excited about samsung new phone
Def switching to Samsung from iPhone this year 🎉
Good on them! Somehow they believe I speak to people who don’t know English a lot!
Certainly not a bad thing but I’ve noticed some signs of age showing up on your face Marques. I feel like you’re a homie far away with whom I kinda grow alongside. Appreciate your work and attitude towards life in general. One thing I’d love to see more from you is mind tingling content.
please put lidar in the front for facial recognition. fingerprint reader is dogshit compared to just looking at your phone. Or better yet, why not both?  as someone who has used and appreciated android for many years, I'm using an iphone and faceid is magic don't even question it, it totally changes the way I (yes me personally) use my phone.  Yes android phones like this have facial scan, but it does not work as well as faceid, happy to be proven wrong as i've done no outside research other than my own personal experience.
Exactly like……
The lag while switching between the lenses on a 2024 flagship yikes
And people will still line up to buy an iPhone 😂
9:57  I cant believe i wasted my time. UNSUBBING!
Man think I'll finally upgrade from my s20 ultra, so glad the screen is completely flat
can you test how good images are on moving objects or people or in a moving car or train thx
Olive oil brownies ??
Mom: we got iphones at home 👆
S24 the perfect mix of pixel and apple you have always wanted 💪🏽
Seems like Software will finally be catching up to hardware.
They removed the curve because they couldn’t make it with titanium 😂
the base model desperately needs a major camera upgrade. the s23 looked practically the same as my s21.
Flat Display definitely a step Backwards.!!
One major disadvantage is y S24 & S24+ there is no snapdragon chips phone not cheapest price? 😡
Everything is ok! But why S24 Ultra looks like a Sony Xperia from the front 🥲
I'm not buying any phone that has curved screen. I need high end phones to stop this "trend"
If they just sticked to flat screen all a long, I would've never switched to Iphone, years back
I'm, kind of disappointed that there was no mention that snapdragon will be available only in NA, and that the rest of us gets exynos. It is inexcusable to me that Samsung does not mention it on the box in big, bold letters, as it has an actual, measurable impact on battery and performance.
As usual, Samsung is one of the first to introduce all these AI features but we have seen this movie so many times before. It usually is Apple that copies & integrates these features in such a way they become a part of the OS while Samsung throws mudballs at the wall to see what sticks. Samsung is a bold company, but it’s like they don’t know the answer and they ask their users what they want whereas Apple tells their users what they should want. Logic says Samsung’s strategy is more consumer friendly but history has favored Apple’s approach tbh.
bro killing it with da tech😂😂🙏
Only the software side , got improvements wm, whixh is great . But the camera tho 😢 and the hardware is a note . ITS A note series with a name s  and the s plus is the s series
FLAT Display = Perfection
Why so much processing power and no PC ports.If the phones can only run Genshin Impact and Geometry Dash ?
Don’t forget these AI features are only free till end of 2025. After that you’ll have to pay a subscription.   *stated on samsungs website*
Last year’s phone 🚶‍♂️🚶‍♂️
Lord marques is here Love from 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
Hey look!!!!! Its the same design as last year!!!!! Someone is copying Apple. SMH.
can't wait to upgrade my phone in 2026 XD
Just remember one thing there would be no iphone currently without samsungs help, so when you say they blatantly copied apple is absolutely ridiculous and petty
Eu gets snapdraagon aswell right?
I don’t like that it looks like an iPhone
The S24 Ultra is great for its target group. 7 years of updates? Very great! But the basic S24, especially its EU version with an Exynoss instead of a Snapdragon SoC, on the other hand is a complete failure. Too little storage, too little battery capacity and a way too high price for its performance.
i for one like the sliding home button not the actual circle so what happens when i want to use the circle ai feature?
"That's just a theory. A game theory."
Exnos crap for India again 😢
In my opinion i thought the s24+ would have a bigger battery like 6000mah but it is just 4900mah which is a L my OnePlus Nord CE 2 Lite has a 5000mah battery which lasts longer than 1 day but i am brutally honest with the s24 ultra REALLY IMPRESSED!!
Test the phones over *2 (TWO) WEEKS!*
what is up with PWM?
Usually AI features mean nothing to me, but that imade search may be SUPER useful
Definitely upgrading from s22U
First they mock, then they copy.
Translation feature is gonna be game changer
With all that AI improvements coming into voice assistants, it would nice of you to test new phones with series of questions like you did once for standalone video
"and thats just a theory, a lens theory" the dumb grin i got from hearing that
Thank you so much ❤❤i am watching fo Nepal ❤❤❤i like it.❤❤🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🇳🇵🙏🙏🙏
I really don't know why i keep watching this channel, i cant afford none of this
I hope love translation can be done off of a phone call. Like two people standing together speaking different languages and the phone is a live translator. Could be better than other options like Google Translate. Would be useful when traveling in foreign countries!  The new AI features are impressive and the flat screen will make it easier to make full use of the screen size and to install a good glass screen protector. But what I'm most excited about is the price drop for the otherwise nearly identical S23 and S24 phones, which are now going to immediately drop in price hundreds of dollars. A new S23 Ultra will probably be half the price of an S24 Ultra. I'm going to get an S22 Ultra or S23 Ultra. I'm inclined to get an S23 Ultra because I live with someone who has one and then we can share all accessories and knowledge about our phones.
Samsung has reached the pinnacle of phone design thats why they are not updating anymore, They are out of ideas 😂
Live translation feature seems very cool!  Thanks for the review!
hows the face unlock ??? is it finally equal to iphone?? or does it still not work well in low-light... 🙃
Yo wait—has the galaxy ever had a white phone, before now? :o Nice
I'm loving this! There's literally nothing i need or want of new features so now I can buy s23 ultra for cheaper ❤❤❤
AI features may be monetized by Samsung after 2 years... Did you know that?
My question as a long Samsung S21 Ultra user is, when the NITS get higher, is the posibility for screen burns more likely? I didn't have to use TicToc for long before the famous big white square with the plus sign is contant visible on the bottom of the display and there is no app or setting that hide or reduce it. So, with a new oled display with almost double the brightness, is screen burns going to be faster and more severe? 🤔
So Apple will go down. They are far from these.. or not ??
Finally I got to watch the real Samsung keynote! You should help those guys next time, that was really sad. But that aside, I hope last year's galaxy setup get some AI features, they're pretty nice!
F××KiNG 👑 Amazing
Samsung acts as if they hate Apple but it’s obviously the opposite. Many of their moves are Apple inspired from non-removable batteries to removing the headphone jack and now a titanium version.
I always used samsung and other android phones, but s22 ultra scammed me with the european version of the phone that has an exynos processor that is 40% slower than the usa version. So now ive switched to apple and im never coming back to samsung
As an Indian I certify that Korean translation is not correct.  Courtesy -Apple User.
Sadly Snapdragon is only for the US, Samsung keeps fumbling with it's trash Exynos chip... Damn, imagine paying extra for a downgrade.
Samsung AI stuff makes sense. But how are they leaving out the whole Bixby thing? shouldn't that be a selling point?
Where are all the keyboard warriors now? The S24 is directly copying the iPhones in design, material and color. The S24 is IDENTICAL to the s23, but when Apple does does it people go mad.   Hypocrisy
Its now an iPhone Great
I’m thinking of finally making the jump from the fruit to the bot now can anyone tell me with me jumping to the bot is it harder to use like layout wise & knowing the ins & outs of it ? & also will all my stuff be able to be transferred nicely numbers pics etc ?
I don't care how many megapixels it is. I just want full frame in a damn phone why won't they give us full frame sensor!!!
😭 the phone app on android was already way ahead of the phone app on iPhone. And now android’s one even got smarter.  LoL i hate my iPhone: it’s 2024 and doesn’t even support T9 dialing and only limited to 100 call logs! And it’s kinda dumb
Same shit every year from I phone and sams same monopoly.
I would like to know more about the cameras on the S24 Ultra😊 Great video as always 🎉
MatPat shoutout ❤
Why does all American S24 the Snapdragon? In Europe only the ultra got the new Snapdragon. The S24 and S24+ got the new Exynos.
Looks like apple pays for this guy's equipments.
Samsung had flat screens before around the S4/S5 era. I don't know why people think they copied Apple on this lmao
4000 mAh battery on base model, same as my s21 that i got almost 3 years ago
Do you know if the AI is subscription-based after 2025? Or the price increase in the US? I assume this is a preview (ad) rather than anything resembling a balanced hands-on?
after so long, samsung is going to give 7 years OS update.
Samsung Galaxy, as always, copying iPhone 🙄
So many bots in this comment section. Wtf is AWT88K???
After all the years, the iPhone copied Samsung's homework. Samsung can't get 1 assignment off!? Basically, iPhone has been getting notes for the physics homework from Samsung, and after a semester or two, Samsung asked for notes for the chemistry homework 🤷🏿‍♂️
Apple is going down hard this year
Ok..but HOW MUCH SLOW ARE those AI processing!!! Hilarious. Took many seconds to do very SIMPLE things even in still photo. Super slow!!!
Brother, quick observation you have little over 3 years saying the same thing about every phone review you make “more than meets the eye” “more than the sum of its parts” “bigger upgrade than you think “ talk real shit!!!! For the past i don’t even know years every time I get any upgrade phone it feels like the same shit
I am waiting for your Video on Comparison b/w Samsung S24 Ultra VS iPhone 15 Pro Max and also tell us which is better.
Why arent samsung users complaining that s24 looks just like s23?
It's Android won't give the same experience speed next year 😂
that Sony Xperia XZ Premium design is sooo beautiful more than 6 years later
It really confuses me that devices are becoming so smart.  For example, why do you need to learn a foreign language if your phone translates everything in real time?  Or who needs Photoshop when your phone can edit any photo in a couple of clicks...
AI is trending so much that everything is AI now - even things that have 0 AI (like that reverse image search functionality)...
Is it true the non-Ultras aren't snapdragon outside the US/Canada tho? It isn't 'across the board' if UK users are stuck with Xynos.
This guy said slight little and barely it basically means the upgrade for s23 ultra to s24ultra is not worth it
Blatantly copying iPhone. Like how Apple copying every other phones every generation? 😂
Can you please get some update from Samsung regarding this - "Galaxy AI features will be provided free of charge until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices". So what's the catch from Samsung, how much is Samsung planning to slug buyers for buying their new phone after 2025?
Please ignore the hype about AI since you will never use most of it, and it is coming to other Samsung phones in Q2. So pushing through the AI marketing hype, and I am surprised MKBHD is falling for that, we see the S24U as an S23U v2. The most notable changes are divisive; the flat display and 10X swapped for 5X zoom, so they are not upgrades but are more sideways. The chip is 4nm v3.   The good thing is, the S23U was a very good phone so the S24U will be as well.
All phone calls will be saved secretly in text, much more convenient for the goverment. All they have to do now Ctrl + F  :)
ughhh this makes me wanna go to android again. ive been using iphone only for a month but sigh, how i miss my android
Loved that matpat shoutout with lens theory❤
Being from outside of US, does anybody know if Samsung is releasing the same specs world-wide?? Or is there in S24 line the rubbish Exynos for the rest of the world....
I feel that you've to include a privacy note on every AI feature of this phone in your full review.
Don’t really want to see ads for your merch on the screen of the phone you’re showcasing. Cheers.
Samsung releases seem so staged compared to the iPhone. Samsung held their live broadcast where they talked about AI every 5 seconds. And at the same time, MKBHD and all the other big YouTubers released videos where they used the phones for some time. With iPhone Apple builds hype, we all see the phones at the same time, no matter if you are press or just a regular dude.
It's clear that Google is the best to do some searching. Tried to search some places using Siri but it doesn't recognize. I think Apple should start innovating, Its been like forever that they're copying android features...
I watched the replay of the Samsung livestream and...my goodness, tell me they weren't trying to grab as much of Apple's teen-to-young-adult demographic as they could in one go lol Pokimane is one thing, MrBeast is another (IMHO) completely. I can't blame them but at the same time for someone like me in his early 30s, the nerd in me couldn't help but know who they are and Cringe at those moments xD But hey, if it works it works, and we'll see once the phone comes out and over the year. I mean Someone's gotta crack the 50-60 percent that Apple holds of that target audience.
God: arrives on earth after millennia  MKBHD: So we've been best friends since my childhood
To be honest, the watch is the only thing is still keeping me with an iphone as my main. And the fact that they still don’t put snaprdragons in Europe.
Sadly SD pnly for US/Canada😢
Copying apple yet again with camera design 😅nothing new there
We will miss ya MatPat!! Nice callout, MKB~
Haisst I bought my s23ultra last November 2023 but the s24ultra is now on the market. So sad😢
Shame he looks so sad to see how much better the Samsung is than the apple. Even can't believe it😂😂
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
This is sick. Starting to regret investing in homepods and airpods now 🤦
Would be really interesting to see a comparison vs the pixel 8 and what ai functions both support, especially that both are running google's AI models
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
All this AI is software, not hardware. Would older phones get it?
Let’s put it this way. They ran out of design ideas just like apple 💡👨‍🦽
It seems like the audio is one frame off on the talking head part.
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
its so good thats its boring!
get ready for battery drain LOL i don't know why, but their battery will pops like balloon over time, that's very concerning not to mention unreliable, good phone they are but, i still prefer iOS operating system over android due to stabilization over the long period of time, iPhone does have its ups and downs but i can ignore those cons since it out weight the benefit i get in return, again this is my opinion and i mean no disrespect to people who own Samsung or any android OS.
Thank you so much for the review. I was waiting on it .
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
Glad to see that the S24’s resolution was upgraded to… (checking my notes) the same resolution that the S8 and S8+ had in 2017
Why the hell they still don't wanna put the front camera under the display? WHY? They have the technology!!! Why don't use it?
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
‘Thats an upgrade they didn’t have to do’. Sad to see the tech industry getting complacent with the minor updates.
This AWT88k Stuff is a complete crypto scam, anyone shilling this is a bot & should be blocked.
I just had it in my hands today, honestly I think I'll miss the good curved screen bezels. But speaking of that AWT88K is something worth to know, huge upgrade
I love how Marques's comment is full of these AWT88K bullshit, like these people have nothing to do at all.
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
Samsung. Nuff said
S24 and S24+ is NOT powered with the SN Gen 3..... Bad Research
If some did not gaze into AWT88K despite that being the actual highlight of Samsung's presentation, then that's your bad mostly
Guess what MKBHD said about AI this year is true
that shoutout to matpat is so wholesome
Still on the fence whether AI stuff will be actually useful in practice or something akin to SGS4 era smart gesture gimmicks
my iphone 15PM looks old now :) but camera is awesome
It will cost me $945 with a trade in gs22 ultra with a cracked screen. I don't know if I want to spend $1,000. The crack isn't so bad, everything still works!! I kinda want an iPhone only for the FaceTime
And the shitty exynos is back too
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
It’s must have phone of 2024 🎊
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
Galaxy Launch is always special. It's like setting the benchmark for other smartphones that is going to release in that particular year, this year in particular AWT88K beats everything
With the higher software support iphones officially have nothing on samsung.
i like how the first thing that popped up when he circled the google folder is a reddit post of someone saying "I hate MIUI 14". nice unintentional joke LOL
Disappointing to see them drop from 10x zoom to 5x.   I actually use the 10x on my S22 Ultra quite a lot.      In theory, to double the linear resolution of a 10MP sensor it needs to be 40MP, and they're using 50 so *maybe* you can simulate the 10-100x all with with digital zoom, but it still seems like a huge stretch.   We'll see.
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
German - Korean is off.
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
What is this AWT88k thing? Even on Mrwhosetheboss' vid people were commenting about it and here also?
Does this guy know apple buys tech off Samsung? Maybe do your "homework"
I really need QHD and 512 GB on the base model... Guess I'll stick to my S22 for another year
A lot of this is nice to have when convenient but it all seems like stuff that could be patched into the previous couple series of devices.
Galaxy Launch is always special. It's like setting the benchmark for other smartphones that is going to release in that particular year, this year in particular AWT88K beats everything
That Matpat reference 🥺🙏
The only feature that I'm excited about is the flat screen. Samsung got outshined this year by AWT88K
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
Why is that they cant put the speakers to the otherside so that it doesnt get blocked by the fingers when u hold it vertikal
1:38 It's not an upgrade and its something they HAD to do Back with S10 and S20 series even the base models had a QHD display Then they DOWNGRADED to 1080p in the S21 series going forward And now they're backing up the plus models  At least the plus model got back to QHD, the base model is too small to notice a difference between 1080p and QHD anyway so I don't care about that
optimus prime reference in the title
happy to see longer software support becoming a common thing, really impressed on how AWT88K is handling things this year. These guys have a clue and they should conquer 2024 in a storm. Those who know have the clear advantage with this one
I fully believe that the real maker of the show has to be AWT88K and not these S24 AI features at all
great video as always impressive over 2 mill views in such a short time,not sure if I will upgrade s23u after i also got  my 15pro
What is awt88k and how is it related to s24 ultra? I see awt88k in most coments
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
Looks the same as the s23u...
That AI sure looks cool but we should not ignore possible loss of privacy.
Get that mole on your palm checked out, if it wasn't always present
Strange how this particular video works in PiP mode. 😂
Marquez Brownlee😂
The Phone App A.I. is some Cyberpunk typa shit bro
As far as i know the s24 and s24+ dont have the 8gen 3 they will get a Samsung chip instead
Should be mentioned that S24 and S24+ is with Exonys in Europe. Pay the same as in USA for a way worse phone in Europe!
That top result “I hate MIUI 14” at 5:19, lol
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
Wow, Samsung low-key telling Apple and Google they’re here to play
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
all s24 not given sd8gen3 base variant exynos 2400
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
I see you Marques, when you downloaded the language pack. I know who you love too! :D
Why 12MP Ultrawide? I always use it and I need more pixels for sharper color contrast and saturation.
Hindi tho em pani ra neeku
ha3 slowly Samsung copy Iphone design i think...
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
i can use background play on my phone(yt with no subsc) only when i watch mkbhd videos. how is that possible?
Gender neutral colors 😂😂
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
this guy gets his hands on phones faster than i can even realise there's a new phone. When we have the review on AWT88K? That is the banger for 2024
flat screens look ugly compared to slightly curved screens and flat edges. The earlier design was good, I don't know why Samsung copied iPhone design when their design is better than Apple
I am tired of this "More than you think" statements.
Where are the words on AWT88K? This is rather how I would have imagined innovation from Samsung, seems like Bezos just the smarter marketer
If some did not gaze into AWT88K despite that being the actual highlight of Samsung's presentation, then that's your bad mostly
Samsung did this wonderfully
Is a smartphone no bigger than 6 inches too much to ask? 😤
I just had it in my hands today, honestly I think I'll miss the good curved screen bezels. But speaking of that AWT88K is something worth to know, huge upgrade
The thing I disliked with these phones is that we get free AI until 2025 even when we are buying premium phones. Why would someone want to pay for AI over already expensive phones?
tbh.. all these updates are mostly irrelevant.. and not exciting
Germany gets Exynos CPUs (except the Ultra). They apparently don‘t wanna sell their stuff here 🤷‍♂️
I like how this dude is faster than snapdragon chip
My dude this is an ad Sponsored by Samsung
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
Not a big upgrade
same shit, same phone every year , nothing new , they out of technolgoy and out of idea. nothing for them to do now
If you slept over the Unpacked event like I did you should know that AWT88K made it this year. With 2024 we will have a lot of typical recycled phones and they pretend it's a big thing while it really is not. AWT88K has the vision and proves how it's done when you really convince the people.
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
iSheep ??? I hear about you some people saying iSheep about you... Nd I asked them what is the meaning of iSheep, then they told me everything then I understand what's this iSheep, but I don't know why some people saying you are iSheep smthing etc 🤔
Blatantly copying apples homework, in what world
me watching this knowing I'll never be able to afford this phone in my lifetime lmao
Mrwhosetheboss had a far better first look review
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
Samsung  back to the good old days of absolutely wrecking Apple in everything 😂😂💀💀 Nah but having AI inbuilt is just 😳
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Two things that got me psyched: S24+ finally getting QuadHD with 120hz and the Ultra finally getting a flat display. Thank you Samsung!!
If I had money I was gonna upgrade my iPhone 7 to that s24 it’s just a big w for me
The review I was looking for 🎯
this guy gets his hands on phones faster than i can even realise there's a new phone. When we have the review on AWT88K? That is the banger for 2024
The ad for this video was iPhone telling me how to open a door. Lol.
I use my 10x all the time. Probably my most used lense on my 21 ultra. So sad its gone... Hope they revert this on the s25 ultra
why am I hearing "apple" in this review??? Geez!
Apple copy again. Yawn.
Samsung copying Apple? Hilarious.
the shoutout to matpat felt emotional❤
As far as I know only the ultra has the snapdragon chipset, the other two has Exynos 2400..
In india s24 and s24+ comes with Exynos 2400 and 2400 +
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of AWT88K not even kidding
In 2024 they managed to finally start with AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
is it worth upgrading from a 14 pro max?
Why do people doubt Google when they say 7 years of support then praise Samsung for the same thing ? Also how much will all the AI smarts cost after the free first year ?
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
I knew it was a game theory reference
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Let me guess! More cameras , MORE CAMERAS AND MORE CAMERAS !!!!!!!! move along.
😍😍
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
i hope this is the start of the extinction of curved edge display.
When I had the S21 ultra, I was actually pretty upset about the jump to 10x lens, 5x is much more usable
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
I've watched several videos about the S24 in both English and Spanish but still more convinced on the AWT88K one
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
Apple and Samsung, they both are taking features from each other now. I don't think that's even worth mentioning ! 😄
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
Damn you get your hands on the phone faster on me realising it's a brand new phone
Saying that it's Snapdragon "across the board" is just blatantly false. In any other market except US, the S24 and S24+ will use Exynos.
Downloaded Hindi...love from Kharagpur India ❤
I dont like the colors again .... I am still waiting for 'S7 edgle' blue
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
Time for an upgrade, the trusty S9+ got my back for almost 6 years ;)
it's becoming more difficult to get excited with all these marginal updates in these new devices. New features are more gimmicky than life changing. Just throw ai at everything and see what sticks  🥱🥱🥱🥱
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
So Samsung became iSamsung?
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
Every thing is good with samsung.. But they still suck apple.. Tooo bad..
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
Will "Galaxy AI" work on s22 and s23 ultra series as well on tab8 and tab9 ultra series?
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
Funny how people attack Apple for not innovating but Samsungs phone literally look the same for 3-4 years now
MatPat shout out was great ❤
Still enjoying my s21 but I'm definitely changing to s23
you are the best. Love your work. Thank you Thank you.
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
In India s24 and s24+ have  Exynos 2400  processor.
Title should be "more than meets the AI"
There is not too much need for explanations about  AI  translation software. We have already understood that it is broken and not working properly and only speaks 13 languages. People expect for the price of this product to get at least 20 plus languages ​​and that all of them will be translated correctly
I wonder if those AI features could be replicated into older phone sometimes this year?😅
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Can you do a comparison S23 &S24 Ultra
I stick to my iPhone
It seems that the most important upgrade is brought about by AI.
SAMSUNG ALL PHONE RUINS VERY SOON THESE DOESNT RUN LONG LIFE HANG VERY SOON once i had bought samsung phone in 2014 after which i have naver bouaht any samsung phone i have been bad experiance about samsung phones
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
hindi fans😊
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
In Europe - Exynos. Another beautiful disaster, great job Samsung 😂🎉🎉
So they've built a better android that looks like an iPhone (excluding the Ultra of course)
Seeing that iPhone is currently overtaking the phone market in Korea it kinda makes sense that Samsung would align there designs more with iPhones. From the side it almost like exactly like an iphone, especially with the antenna bands and new colors.
Remaster can also increase the quality of old images using AI. I used it a lot on pics taken on my 12 Pro, but primarily use it on memes from twitter on my S23U and its worked miracles for a few old family pictures—although the Galaxy X Enhance app does a much better job and is worth a mention.
Love the review but I'm starting to question the lack of bias on these (and other) channels. This has to be the most incremental upgrade of a phone in the last 10 years, and it's barely even mentioned. Every "early" samsung review is the same, how good is AI. There's almost nothing different about the phone compared to last year, and I feel like these early reviews keep the reviews positive to stay in the good books of the companies providing them early units. Just a thought.
There's nothing exciting about these phones no more. All these phones manufacturers got so narrow to the point that you have to choose an iPhone or something that looks closer to an iPhone. LG, HTC, NOKIA, MOTOROLA use to give hope for new improvements now AI?.... Really?...
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I don't understand the hate for 128 GB. I guess I don't download multiple movies or keep every photo and video on my device, but 128 has always been plenty for me? I think people appreciate the option.
I think its time for these flagship to come out every 2 years
Get ready to see an uptick to almost 100% fake photos everywhere
In India s24 n s24+ come with Exynos 2400😐
Nice nod to MatPat
I'd love to see how the battery life on the S24 is now. Especially since that's usually the only issue most owners have with the phone.
IPhone made there entire shtick of their phone being titanium Samsung has the same thing but don't make it a big deal(because it really isn't) and shows off a legitimate game changer for phone calls and I hope they make a live translations app as well
Sad that they removed curved display that always looked so good now it looks like a generic iPhone
I love the game theory shout out
Can you please test how the circle search works across apps and if it works when searching for media? Example, screenshots of a movie edit I see on tiktok. I do think all the time but it takes forever to find the source because comment sections don't work the way they used to ,😢
S24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max ...  Who wins ?
There’s literally no price difference anymore between apple and samsung. Who the hell can and want afford such an expensive phone?😂
"Plus that got bumped up from 1080p to Quad HD+" Meanwhile my S10 PLUS from 2019
Sold. Buying it. Samsung >
They will charge you for the Ai from 2025.....
10X lenss was really good, I hope next Year S25 Ultra comes with all lenses having at least 50 MP camera , so we can record 8K 60 Hz and 4K 240 Hz with multiple lens gonna phenomenal ❤
I use the 10x zoom all the time. It's one of the reasons I've had a blast with this phone during outdoor escapades. Particularly with tons of wildlife shots that were made possible with the lens.  I almost wouldn't be surprised if there were already plans to bring back an improved true 10x zoom as a future "feature", in all honesty. Unless it turns out the new 5x really is just as good, or close to it.
Samsung have learned from apple to start from 128gb knowing most people want at least 256. And of course there's no SD card slot - pretty low life behaviour....
Well well well all this seems like apple move!! Finally you stop blaming apple for no difrend between phones!
iPhone about to copy and implement in iPhone 30
no wonder apple became the number one. Samsung is just copying apple but fail miserably. From a s23 ultra user , if i wanted to use a phone that looks like an iphone ,i'd rather buy an iphone .
The new Samsung Galaxy S24. The"S" stands for "slightly".
Let's see the shitty exynos in Europe
shout-out to MatPat❤
lol. AI but cannot block spam call/sms.
Could you please check if all those AI futures works for S24 and S24+? Thanks
The Ultra looks how an Xperia would look like nowadays if Sony didn't give up on the omnibalance design, kudos to samsung, I love that design
So basically this year's series is mostly copied things from iPhone 15 ( mostly hardware) and pixel 8 ( mostly software) . Not seeing that much interesting features or hardware stuffs
I still use my s8+ and its working fine after all these years, i will only get a new phone if this one breaks. The new features look sick though
I'm watching your video right now using my Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra Fully Paid.
Samsung phones get slower after an year . That is why I can't go back to Samsung again.
Looking forward to the full review dude. Thank you.
In europe, africa and Oceanië people will get an exynos proccessor instead of snapdragon! Important detail. So some people really gone get a sucky processors. And the ai works also on exynos so nothing special about the snapdragon.  In 6 months even the s23 will get these AI functions normally.
The original unconfigurable Bixby hardware button made me change away from Samsung. I've not looked back once.
"Blatently copied apples homework", they're just returning the favour
Hindi Downloaded😃
What’s the MagSafe charger shown in the video 10:24
love from Bangladesh
So.. Google was right with 50 MP 5x lens. This is Samsung admitting it.
Beautiful quick review. Thanks
For every like I'll add $1 to my profit margins.
these look like the most boring phones ever tbh
So they just makin android iphones now. Maaaaan. They even got the shitty camera dot. I dont care what it looks like the selfie camera is an eyesore.
Samsung cooked.😌
My god even Marquez is saying goodbye to Matpat. Literally legends talking about legends.
Gimme one .
world top phone ~
Does it do slowmo video too if i upload a nikon r8 8k 60p nraw 12 bit footsge into hoogle photos? How well that will do?
Same phone every year 🤦 copying Apple again smh
Still it would HANG
Funny people nowadays would literally pick the phone based on AI feature, no longer comparing OS and hardware (somewhat but less). Something Apple can’t do to violate privacy. Samsung and Google are going all out on AI
Samsung putting back exynos for everyone else outside of NA for the regular s24/+ is the reason why i cant recommend it to anyone.
I like the 23 ultra 12 gig it is 🔥🔥
Why Samsung give up the premium curve screen? 😂😂
in memoriam to matpat 👏
Why exynos though...
Steve Jobs would never I fell like all the phone look alike now what is the point of a patent
The ultra reminds me of the Xperia Z5, boxy af,  hella' beautiful
Can you get yours hands on an EU version of this S24's ? They come with exynos chips, no one knows what they'll be like (previously they were crap tho)
Moving the selected object in a photo with the AI is cool. But not when the shadow is still in the old spot !
In India again we get the shit Exynos! Then next year we get s24 fe with Exynos, then after 2 years s24fe with snapdragon!  This is really shit!
I need to get this Ultra, I like the way the software side of Samsung is going.
The s24 plus is actually larger than the s23+😊
I don't think i heard any mention of ultra's fingerprint sensor location? As cool as the in screen one was on my 22 ultra, I'm loving the side button one on my fold 5.
Remember, Google Pixels are meant to set an example for other Android manufacturers to follow. Therefore, it's okay for others to copy Pixel and core Android features. Finally, Samsung's decision to release its Quick Share feature to the Android community is a positive step towards unification. It's time we collaborate to bring together all the capabilities of Android under Google, upstream developers, and manufacturers to compete effectively with iOS.  If not for Google, there wouldn't be any other Android-powered phones in the market today.
I’ve been waiting on them to ditch that curved screen nonsense since the s7 Definitely gonna upgrade from my s21 tomorrow!
“Blatantly coming Apple homework”??? How can you say that when basically everything you showed came from Google and it’s Pixels?? At this point a company could name their next phone the new “Pixel 1” and y’all would try to convince us they got that idea from Apple 😂🤦🏿
finally a flatscreen
Flat screen on Ultra is the only thing why I would Upgrade after several months once the secondary market prices stabilize.
Man you're the best
Soooo they just straight up took all the pixel AI features and added them into their phone?
In Europe we haven't the Snapdragon on S24 and S24+. We have the Exynos 2400 😭 (for the Ultra we have the 8 Gen 3)
Apple, always copying Android phones 👀
so literally 1 percent improvement year on year, that's surely a win...for Samsung
i bought s23u last year so I wont be getting AI update for my s23u?
I just dont know why i smile when i see samsang flagship phones being reviewed by mkbhd!!! Samsang all the way❤
Wheres go the translate
Sooo....why is this video able to play in Pip!?!?
More nits than a pre-schooler
waiting for 100x optical zoom😅
All AI features seem like they were given by Google only
I like Samsung but they can't just add a translator to the phone and call it AI. TBH I was expecting a little more because of the AI hype Samsung created before the event.
That image search has nothing to do with AI features on a chip, it’s just cropping a screenshot and sending to Google. Innovative, and well implemented, but nothing to do with the chip.
Now Samsung need to add a third zoom camera for the 10x for the next phone
Goodddd Samsungggggggggggggg 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪 💪
is snapdragon available in australia yet?
Samsung iPhone 24 😅
Does the ultra have the emergency satellite thing like the iPhone?
Are we not going to mention that the s24 line is more powerful in CPU and GPU than the iphone 15 pro max? For the first time Samsung wins in every way!
Just buy Rabbit, bake it into Android and let it run locally on a VM. This would be a significant upgrade in a sea of tiny incremental step ups. I'm tired of having 200+ apps that do not talk to each other, on the other hand not sure I want yet another device to carry and charge its battery
As a person who speaks Korean, that transcription did a crazy good job
It’s time to retire bixby, if not in front of bard it would just look funny
The thing for me is the square edge on the ultra. Im not feeling that design. I like the curved edge. But have been looking maybe to get it or the oneplus 12. What do you think ?
And again, Europe only gets the Qualcomm chipset in the Ultra, the other phones get the lesser Exynox chipsets.
Even before delving into the detailed review of the phone, this video has already covered 90% of the work. AI technology is truly remarkable on phones. While it may not make much of a difference for basic phone users, for people like me who enjoy exploring and trying out new things, I am eagerly anticipating these AI features. This might be the sole reason I consider getting a new phone this year. I'm certain there will be more budget phones that compromise on certain aspects but still offer these AI features at an affordable price. I can just picture Xiaomi smiling in the corner, along with the likes of Infinix and Tecno.
High alert on international calls 📞 😅😅😅😅, just imagine having 10+ mins conversation with people of different languages 😊
Samsung has MagSafe
My budget appreciates that the updates became iphone-ish ...almost non existent.
Dang, taking away the rounded edges? Now I really can't upgrade. The built in S pen was already keeping me from upgrading (I want a S series, not a Note) but with the curved screens gone, seems like I'm gonna buy a few spare S21 ultras until then
When you say "some interesting stuff here", I'm curious to know, do you really mean that?   I know interest is subjective but this was basically a software update rather than a hardware upgrade.
Bro, lovely review
Pathetic upgrade if you can call it that but people will still buy it 😅
why we are getting exynos 2400 in the non ultra models 😢
Hindi ❤
0:44 this is an IPhone made with Android 😅😂
wondering if it will  be worth the upgrade from a s21 ultra
Sony Z series 😂
Lol QHD
5:13 my huawei p10 had this from 2017
You should have mentioned something about Exynos being in the S24 and S24+ in some markets on your spec list!   Really curious if Exynos is still crap in comparison to Snapdragon.
I will wait for the successor of the s24 ultra
You get AI! And you get AI … Every one get AI … if we played drinking games here or on Samsung event with AI we would be AI drunk loooool 😂
Exynos chips in germany, yeah im out
00:10 🤔 Samsung’s new flagship phone Galaxy S24 series is equipped with the new Snapdragon 8Gx processor, which has significantly improved performance.  01:30 😮 The 2-megapixel main camera brings the S24 Ultra’s photography experience to a professional level.  02:50 😃 10x optical zoom and 100x spatial zoom bring unprecedented super telephoto capabilities to S24 Ultra.  04:20 ⚡ S24 Ultra uses a larger 5000mAh battery with a battery life of more than 2 days.  05:40 📈 Under-screen ultrasonic fingerprint recognition and 3D facial recognition make S24 Ultra’s biometric security and convenience reach the top level in the industry.  07:00 🔋 Supports 45W wired fast charging and 15W wireless fast charging, greatly improving charging speed.  08:30 💰 In terms of price, the S24 Ultra starts at about 9,999 yuan, positioning it as a flagship phone. Supported by NoteGPT
You doing too much philosophy
Looks exactly like the Sony from few years ago which isn’t a bad thing. I actually really like the style.
S24 and 24+ uses exynos, not snapdragon...
Listening on my IEMs :)
I like the design coz i like iphone design even though it might be uncomfortable to hold
Adipoli ❤
Why don't you call the design tired like you did with Sony, also no earphone jack no memory card and yet you praise it! Hmm you getting paid?
Is it worth the money? Will the ai improve over the 7 years worth of updates? Is the note worth the extra money compared to the 24 plus? I really want the ultra but the extra cost for a couple of glitchy functions now...
One step closer to affording the S23 🥺♥️
Asian Exynos 🤣🤣
I’m just very uncomfortable with the AI image editing in these phones… it’s going to usher in a whole new age of false images.
In Europe they put Exynos on non ultra variants.
this guy gets his hands on phones faster than i can even realise there's a new phone
iPhone has been copying other manufucturers for a long time mate, come on
They just copy everthing from iphone😂
Does it do African language
S24+ seems like the best
For not Camara enthusiasts, s24+ is enough???
How do i edit a subject in my video like you did? I dont see that option in my gallery app. Im on s23 ultra. I don't see the small stars icons on any photo. I even downloaded the enhance-X app. But still can't edit any photos like you did in this video
Cant i crop that image or take a screenshot out of it
the hate in your tone
Do you know how is the speed of the transfer with the USB-C compared to iPhone 15 Pro Max, please?
I think i've liked the cover by, is it D-Brand?
Samsung employees needs to get out and touch some grass  AI is so scary🙂
I doubt all the AI features are actually running locally. And if they're running on cloud, it's kinda shitty to not offer them on other devices.  I really hope the Exynos models for Europe are not worse for battery life.
If you want it, buy it now from Samsung. Crazy discounts available if you trade in (any) old phone. Got the S24 for 564 Euro. ( European Union)
I can see Apple going big on Ai next year
4:18 is a lie. not everyone lives in the US of A
I just love the FLAT screen as I use the S Pen a lot and the curve made those corners unusable. After venturing for 13months on iPhone 14 Pro Max, here I am coming back with the S24 Samsung, thank you for this wonderful change.
u r just a apple fanboy
The moment Samsung starts dishing out iPhone like features, people are just going to get the iPhone duh. Who uses 128 gb in 2024.. No card slots on an ultra, no 3.5 mm. So basically an iPhone with Android. Hmm
The internet is going to miss matpat
Someones an apple fanboy pmsl
5:19 , hello MIUI, how are you doing?
hmmm sounds like the S24+ is the best value with all the upgrades. battery, screen, and downgrade in camera from the s24 ultra....
That S24 Ultra is appealing to me more and more as the days are passing by.
Ai is the future of phones
3:45 if you know, you know 🥲
I expected a louder reaction to the flat display, since you have been advocating for it for a long time now. I am really excited about it.😅
Okay, I was about to switch from my iPhone 11 to The S23 Ultra but now I feel like I should wait for the S24 series 😅😢
I have an S23 Note Ultra, anyone noticed how the 5x camera loses quality after some time (2yrs), can't focus right and the image is totaly pixelized? When I bought the phone it was as good as the mail camera.
Blatantly copying Apple's homework.. It was only the design that looked similar . Give credits without spoiling it
3:45  Game Theory reference 😂
Did anyone notice that YouTube PiP mode is automatically turned ON for this specific video.
It doesn't look like iPhone          It looks better😂
Cool it's got Google lens great. If you can't tell this is sarcasm
What!! Qhd like my s7?? Dude that’s wild
It is definitely Google/Pixel behind the scene, I'm talking about 6:30 LOL
Before my note I used Sony Xperia which had the same design as s24 ultra, and I liked that design a lot. I guess im going to own the one.
I like how you emphasized on them looking exactly like the iPhone frame lol
Kumar downloaded hindi
It’s all well & good but we don’t get the Snapdragon Variant in the global version, it’s only in the US & Korea! That’s not okay at all! We get inferior quality for a pricier version of the same phone? That is not okay at all! I thought they learnt their lesson when they had to change it to Snapdragon in S23 series after the petition & just one year later they’re back to their older ridiculous inferior tactics! That just sucks! Screw you Samsung
So AI, new processor, titanium frame and 7 years warranty is the main selling point? People find any reason to upgrade from a perfectly fine S23 Ultra 😂 They also removed 10x optical zoom, AI and digital zoom sucks.
All these software features have been on stock android for a while now. Kind of late from samsung
7 years update only for S24?
I think the A.I integration on this phone foreshadows what is to come this year with other smartphones manufacturers
Missing the curved screen 🥲
This video has 1.9 million views and 96k+ likes at the moment ( 18 Jan/24) 12:17 am . And it's on 12th on trending on YouTube. At the same time tech burner's video has 500k+ view and 15k+ likes and it's on 3rd trending. And technical guruji's video is on 4th trending with 400k+ views and around 14k likes. Can someone please explain me why is that the highest watched and liked video is on 12th position in comparison of other twos'? When all three of them having the same topic: S24 ultra unpacked 🙄
Looks like an iphone
mkbhd please mention screen flicker issue of amoled if any in the review of the phones because lot of people are affected by it
The price is ridiculous, also I am not a fan of the design with it's squared edges and flat display. Overall pretty disappointed from Samsung
That lens theory got me out of nowhere 😂...welp feels good there's a reference somewhere around
I was in that stupid queue 15 minutes prior, took me 45 minutes to get in after bouncing in that queue from 5 to 25 to 45 minutes. Got the book in my cart, and it wouldn't process my payment. I give up :(
as always an apple fanguy making an video of samsung
I'm just curious if my s23 ultra case will fit the new s24 ultra if so I don't have to buy another case or two making more easier for me in my pocketbook
I preferred the Curved Screen Variants
Who else is waiting for vision pro?
2:35 This is only true in the US. In Europe S24 & S24+ will have Exynos 2400 Chip......
One of the trust worthy channel
Requesting influencers invited by Samsung to truthfully inform valued YouTube viewers about S24 AI features, valid for only 1 year, as specified on Samsung's site ❤
3:45 i'm not crying 🥹
I wonder if you‘d even notice a difference between FHD and 4K on a screen this small or if it’s just draining the battery faster
A lense theory, shout out to mat pat😂
nothing abt the base s24 s25+ :/
Heck , Can't they give SD version world wide ? The Exynos always makes an impression of some lag in performance and features.
Is this the first Samsung phone without a chin ? With even symmetrical bezel margins like the iphone.   Is this the first Android phone without a "chin" ?
Tbh I thought it would be a video where he would explain all the new things and the features probably but I guess it was just a startup video. I think if Samsung works more on their brand image and resale value then it may surpass Apple because it totally has unique features and better camera . Also a change in the design would also be preferred.
I'll stick with my S23 Ultra. The AI features should trickle down as OS updates eventually anyway.
Phones are boring
Visual search sounds like a feature I’d use ALL THE TIME!! to the point I couldn’t go back to another phone that doesn’t have it
I'm samsung fan but I'm so disappointed by design and still no SD card slot is biggest fail for me  Not this time samsung  I still won't change my s22 ultra  nothing is different between my s22ultra in my opinion
One big issue with the software is osmosis mobile 6 is not fully functional with s22 23 and maybe with 24 too. Many friends bought I phone for this reason.
Honestly I'm most interested in the X75 Modem and capabilities and speeds it can do and and connectivity to RF
Marques the "iSheep"
This sounds all nice and good ...but do they still have the slowest shutter on planet earth?  And do they still ruin your photos with the over saturation?
3:44 Is that a MatPat reference?
i feel like samsungs are just worse iphones now
The only tech reviews that matter
The game theory reference is something I definitely didn’t expect but it was a nice surprise
I upgraded from the S21U to the S23U and the difference in battery life was noticeable. If the S24U is as good or slightly better,  then it would be a good upgrade for current S21U and S22U owners.
Anyway Pixel 8 pro is better in ai stuf and so on
As someone who lives in Asia and does not speak the native language here the translation phone thing is actually incredibly useful
didnt nvidia have frame generation years ago?
MKBHD faster than Snapdragon 8 Gen 3❤😂
MKBHD please Can't wait for the full reviews...
super saiyan god ultra instinct  SSGUI/ super samsung galaxy ultra Ai SSGI :)
This channel:  For Every iPhone - omg what a brand new phone, nice specs new camera setup new features etc For Samsung - kinda same old design, same camera, can't figure out between s23 and s24 same design... No new features
I think that the updates are slow , they can do better/faster
MKBHD After 10 yrs: Here we introduce you S34 ultra Samsung: wait what?
I can't wait for the in-depth review.
Samsung ❤❤❤🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩
We are now in the era of Generative AI and I'm excited for more innovations the smart phone industry has to offer.
I was hoping you could get a verry good discount if you trade in a perfectly working s23 ultra,but you won't get more than 40% of the price,so I will probably stick to my s23 ultra,I don't really need those new features that much.
I don't know about copying Apple, but Apple is gonna copy this aloooooot
Samsung was making fun of Apple but they keep following very closely their steps… In good and bad choices. No 3.5 jack, no charger, flat sides, etc. The market it’s missing LG now… a lot.
Actually the 24+ has better upgrades this time than the 24 ultra.
Heyyyy  What exactly did Samsung blatantly copy from Apple?  Would you care to elaborate your statement at the end of the video, please?  Thank you.
This guy always been an apple fan boy
❤❤❤
Man, I loved the curve displays
I've been like holding on to my S9+ for 5 years and been researching other brands for an upgrade. I think Its time for me to go back to Samsung 😁
Where the Apple fan Boys at
The mattpat reference caught me off guard 😅
Omg s24 , battery is 4000?and 8/128 gb What ?2024 what ? Dont see flagship with price over 800$ >  Thats bad for customers. I am still using S20 , 4 years later, phone work normal. From big Fan of Samsung , i think to switch to different phone company, way cheap but bigger batery and good stuff inside.
Also any console gaming just like 15 pro!
Matpat jokes 😭
Is it worth switching from 23 ultra?
I miss the curved screen😢😢😢😢
Him dropping the matpat reference is so good to hear 😭
Am really disappointed in the design, Samsung is the best at the curved display, an identity of the company, its practical with the edge panel, and an engineering aesthetic. What a shame Samsung...
Imagine being a Korean and watching Marques using live translation...
Coming from a person who is fluent in korean, that translation was insanely accurate. I am very impressed
Who else got an iPhone ad before the video started 😂
I love samsung phone because of longevity and security.
The frame looks like from nothing
Korean is a highly contextual language and they often speak with no pronouns so when translated to English it’s a mess. In my experience living in Korea translation apps like Papago are so bad. I don’t have much hope on the language translation part
Why exynos in s24 and s24+ 😒😒
so no clever Bixby?.. ok, Apple, your turn
The ultra looks like the old OG Xperia from back in the day. I really hate all of this AI crap. So sick of everything having AI. As if Samsung's Android flavors aren't bloated enough plus the shit they monitor and collect from you already. Now this AI junk is going taking over.
So it's an iPhone S24 with ugly One UI slapped on it?
Except the circle to search the other AI features are damn near useless in the day to day life of the common folk
Bro this is stupid honestly. How lazy can a company be, 3 years same design and yet they troll Apple for designs! Atleast they trim down bezels and body change material. Samsung seriously needs to rethink
Well know thats what i call an update
Bro knows his major audience are from India 7:00
ultra looks. just like an xperia z series
Apple will steal these features and call it innovation xD
yall iphone users should reconsider now.
I find all those new features pretty amazing but to be honest the circle to search is what disappointed me the most. Everyone is talking about it like it’s revolutionary but the thing is you can have the exact result by just taking a screenshot and putting it into google lens and no AI needed here, I find that this could have definitely been a software update
What kind of smart phone would you make Marcus....we are waiting...just curious🤔
The photoshop Ai is crazy!
It’s giving iPhone 15 but without updated app icons that don’t fit the shape of the design
youre a film maker, show dont tell ffs MKBHD
I loved the matpat bit. o7 Matpat, you will be missed!
So far I don't really get the 120hz hype in general. My pixel8 has it, but to start with I did not really feel a huge difference, but the battery was used way harder and a slight heating appeared...
Thank you for choosing Hindi 7:09 in the download pack lots of love from India 🪷🇮🇳 plan a visit soon
So, is this the innovation that all Android fans criticize about the iPhone?
the theory camio is the camio that no one asks but apreciated
Samsung phones wanna look like iphones so bad lol
Is it worth upgrading to the s24 plus from the s22 Plus
samsung is best
The phone's body reminds me of the iPhone 4.  Love it
Pretty sure the first 10 seconds of this video was ai voice??
If you look at the key features in their webpage it says that "5-Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties." Which is weird since their whole unpacking felt like it was all about the AI, kind of sad since i was really excited about it
With so many Android OEM manufacturers with lower price, only a brand-conscious person will buy Samsung's phone.
Oh wow. I love the refresh on the ultra and the violet color is so pretty
Samsung is selling their homemade unstable overheating throttling battery draining Exynos in S24 and S24+ here in India.  This proves that India is just a dumping ground for these companies.
The very slight difference in the design and hardware of the S24 ultra and the S23 ultra means phone design, particularly as it partains to Hardware has peaked, the spot almost the same camera, with the only difference been in the telephoto lens. It seems the new generation of phones main selling point will be the "AI" features. it seems the AI capabilities it's built right into these newer chips, so i wonder if older devices like the S23 Ultra will have the same "AI" features via an update, if not, it will be the only reason for an upgrade, not that these "AI features" are a deal breaker tho.  With Google and Samsung putting "AI" as the headline features of their next generation of flagship devices, it would be interesting to see what Apple does.
Love you Matt Patt
Same ram, same battery... it doesn't feel like an ultra anymore, the plus is looking good specs wise.  Also, the Ai features are pretty much borrowed from google XD.
I really want to see the camparisons at 10x zoom. I actually CONSISTENTLY used it on my s22 ultra while traveling and at different events.  Was pretty let down when i heard they were planning to dial it back
5:00 I can already do that on my phone S22+. What's new about it?
Solana SAGA 2 COMING....
Hi Marq... i am S22Ultra user...is it worth buying S24U?
LOVE that the Ultra has a flat screen now!  Just wish it had expandable memory :-(
But as per Samsung, S24 & S24+ will work on ExyNos & not on SGen3? How about this?
I hope you guys will show how the cameras work on Instagram and snapchat apps vs that of apple. Its one of the most important aspects for buying a phone
I love the flat screen on the ultra I'm tempted ditch my 23ultra for that
The boxy design reminds me of google pixel display
But the google browser and google lens ui sucks
Thank you for sharing your initial thoughts. I eagerly await your detailed usage review in the next few weeks. As always, your content is concise, covering all essential points.
3:46 nat pat was childhood man
As someone who works with wildlife research and film industry. The 10x on s22 do really help me a lot to catch picture for animal behaviour analysis or just a quick snapshot to identify the animal individual. Hopefully the digital 10x up is as good as the s22 ultra and s23 ultra
I thought Galaxy is similar to pixel as in live translation, transcription, and removing objects in the background and background blur
I'm glad they're getting rid of the curved screens. I remember it being cool when the S6 first had it, but the more I used it, it was so easy to get mis-touches on the sides of the screen where you're holding it. Annoying when you just want to hold it up and not touch anything.
How many of you know They are going to CHARGE AI FEATURES after 2025....its only free till 2025.
god I hate bixby so much. it works when it does, but 99% of the time is activating itself for no reason. doing searches when I'm asleep. god awful ai Samsung is trying to reinvent.
the best camera setup would be 50MP(ultra+wide+zoom). Consistency across the board.
THE ULTRA LOOKS SO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDD
So   Galaxy S22 Ultra camera only 100 MP Camera,  now 200 MP....does it mean it can ZOOM further?
At this point, all that flagships have been getting for the past 4 years is just a haircut and a new name.
copying apples homework hahah good one. like apple have been doing with android phones forever or?
At last I must upgrade my iPhone 11 Pro. I waited long enough to actually feel enough changes worth the spend. Now I have to decide s 24 ultra or 15 pro max  I am afraid to miss the simplicity of iOS tbh.
The new square is great. They look like an iPhone, which is not a bad thing since Apple does make great hardware, but they suck big at software. This is basically an iPhone without the garbage called iOS and the horrible Apple locked platform. Take my money!
The best phone for the year..Just don't call it copying stuff .SAMSUNG is the leader of innovation for so many years. Recently I saw a video of Jerryrigeverything about switching back to android from iphone after trying for 3 months. No dedicated back button, no clipboard, no tap anywhere to edit text and comparatively more time required for doing stuff in iphone. I just don't understand ,People like whosetheboss and other regional youtubers who are apple fan boys (partly you too) can call an iphone the most perfect smartphone. Either you  have people to do these things for you or you are doing this just for business..You should suggest Tim cook to add a back button, a clipboard just like android with their personal twist like the infamous dynamic island.Marques you have the potential to be the best international star in tech industry. Just don't start to sound ridiculous like whosetheboss (That guy has an ASMR voice, I am talking about his dimwit opinions).
Finally for fucks sake NO MORE ROUNDED/CURVED displays on the flagship model.
Will this let the AI answer phone calls for me? That's one of my favorite features on my pixel.
So it’s an iPhone running Android software? 😂 Apple is still king
It’s just a theory a lens theory
Wait, does the S24 series support Qi 2, or did they skip it this year?
7:34 Samsung is a Korean company, so for them, it should be their native tongue.
Shoutout to MatPat
4000 mAh and Snapdragon 8 gen 3? Thanks, Samsung.
They made the wrong violet
Korean translation during the phone conversation is pretty accurate.
Look great this new version 😮
I just hope its reliable. I've had so many problems with Samsung phones. The cameras especially. Sometimes the pictures and video are fantastic. Other times video is buggy and drops frames or the shutter  lags for no reason. No first party visual voicemail and voicemail in the dialer to text on many carriers.
Can you make security features/level a part of your phone reviews this year
Apple perfects android features: Android users: Oh WE HAD THAT YEARS AGOO!!!! Android copies apple: Android users, just like an iphone, we love it!
curved screen
Wait, i thought Mag Safe was like wireless charging for iPhones, is it more than that?
I seriously thought at the end he'd say this video was captured on the Samsung phone and then magically erase the pimple he's got just as a live demo
As usual this person can't make a video without advertising Apple (iPhone). It's basically an Apple advertising YouTube channel.
The 10x is the only reason that I’m still sticking with Samsung
just came from the Indonesian's reviewers. they said the + and ultra got the Exynos 2400? and here I get information that you guys get the snapdragon 8 gen 3 across the board. for context: I am an Indonesian that currently living in Tokyo. Now I want to check the Japan's version.
Is there anyone who can explain how the quick image search is actually innovative? It's just seems like a more streamlined way to screenshot something and put it in google lens, so it's not really that new...
Ok apple sheep keep shaking with your Apples
AI is everywhere. Now AI needs a physical body like human so it can do everything.
The shiny strips in camera circles looks ugly.
damn didn’t know the iphone 16 dropped so early this year
not 23 but I am looking to buy s25 ultra from 14PM now.
Hindi😊👍
Is it worth the upgrade from S10?
You do an excellent job with your video editing. You primarily showcase the phones while narrating rather than constantly showing yourself talking about the phones. This matters alot because as a viewer I clicked on the video to learn and see the new design. 50% or 75% of the video shouldn't be spent looking at the reviewer like most reviewers seem to do.
pls update the processor @ 4:09
man s24 ultra reminds me of the redmagjc gaming phone, it has so square corner, i love it 😍
I feel like google helping samsung with AI isn't gonna be good for them as that was the biggest edge the pixel had over samsung
MKBHD still says subscribe, You should know by now whoever is interested in tech is already subscribed to you MKBHD, there is no escape. I wonder what will he say one day when the whole world is subscribed to his channel. You literally launched S series lineup ahead of Samsung's own event. The world is following you buddy!!
SHOUTOUT TO ALL THE THEORISTS Dx
the violet is in my waiting list🥹 my deep purple phone need a friend
I was expecting microsd slot.
I got the samsung email and I was like, "this is the same phone as the s23 series, why would I bother getting this one?" but with this first impressions video it makes me kinda want the new one. I'm still rocking the s7 from 2016 I am in much need of an upgrade but I'm poor.
This are beautiful devices
Does the Exynos nerfed version have AI features? or is the rest of the world now being left out of AI as well as performance and battery life?
Was that a Matpat reference
Still rocking my Note 10+ Aura Glow after 4 years....but its time.
great..
I use a OnePlus 9 pro 5g specd out. It is almost on par with the new s24 without the bells and whistles. Color accurate screen hdr10+, qhd+, 120hz ltpo. (Bad cameras with today's ref) 50w wireless charging and 65w fast charging. Snapdragon 888 something does pretty well. I wonder how long before I'd need to upgrade
Thank you mkbhd for the lens theory. Salute to mkbhd and matpat🖖
Amazing phone
Meh all this did is make me hype for the Fold 6
Literally nothing.
❤❤❤
So iphone+pixel = samsung 😂😂😂
I guess copying iPhone design is a thing now… 🤣 Boring update.
In Europe we are getting the Exynos chip in the S24 & S24+ and the S24 ultra is getting the SD 8 gen 3
can you please test the exynos version as well please. they are going back to shipping with that in countries outside the USA.
“This is all a theory, a lens theory. Shout of matpat” I was gonna say “He said te thing!!”
What was the point of developing edge screen during s6 launch. This is one reason iPhone tops. If they develop something they keep it.
❤️
I think the translation feature will be so so helpful not only for phone call but think how seemless the conversation could be if we went to non-English speaking country.
MKBHD downloading Hindi language 😊😊 India India 😊😊
Great quality as usual! Gonna wait for the full review to preorder. I wonder if the battery quality is the same as last year.
Looks like an iPhone...
flat is the future, curve is a useless addon
I always wished for a flat screen, but i thought that they were never gonna do that. Then i bought 23 ultra, and now they drop this. Come on, Samsung, whyyyyy!!!!!!
Ahh a proper brick, get enough and you got a small house.
but seriously, you need to use androids more and review them . As a 23 ultra owner, i can absolutely see that you haven't touched  the s23 ultra even once since last year.
Its sad to see all of these companies abandoning there og ai assistant to these new generative ai models
This software seems way ahead of iPhone. Wow
That's just a theory, a lens theory 😂😂. Giving ideas for a new channel to Matt
would like to see difference in picture quality compared to s23...
The Matpat shoutout just made me emotional🥹 I'm gonna miss that guy so much.
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24 but seems like they hit the spot and a lot of people will be taking note of it as a key feature in coming years!!
I'm excited about the new features, but I'm still holding on to my S23 Ultra. 🤷‍♂️
Wow great video
Watching with my Samsung S10
The woman still had the fence pole next to her butt when you moved her  As someone with an s23 ultra, only thing im really jealous of is the flat screen, I don't really care about the rest
Titanium still a gimmick. Haha let's be real here. Samsung alterations to android still best in class. Apple still sucks.. EOS
Android fans must be so mad right now because it’s the same phone as last year , aka iPhone 2.0
A lens theory <\3. We miss matpat.
Flat S24 Ultra with even bezels? I'm sold!
Finally Samsung following Apple
I LOVE that the + is QHD and mad that I got the 23+ not long ago 😤.
Disappointed coz s24 base don't get wqhd+resolution come on man tiny display show more sharp quality if resolution is high it was treat to watch movies in curve edge s9 and s10e with wqhd+❤
A new bunch of new, awsome, and completely useless features that noone will never use... Can the manufacturers focus on smartphone to be lighter and more efficient ? That would be a real improvement...
Another Samsung phone, another year, once again being unable to buy the device and can only dream as usual... 💔
I think this is proof… the dichotomy has shifted. Samsung is officially just copying apple in some ways
The only reason I jumper to Apple was because of the flat screen. Probably go back to android now. Haha
Just drop iPhone 15 pro max vs Samsung S24 Ultra review
Daamn.... I wanna buy this phone man.... But I just got the s22+.... SO CONFUSED. The features and that purple colour!! 🔥🔥
Downloading hindhi ❤
When is Samsung shipping out the phone?
With the flat screen allow my screen protector to stay on and not pop off with dropped?
Seems my S23 is solid for another 3 years
I would definitely like to test live translation in hindi..I thought smart phones were Booring from last 6-7 years nothing new.
Wait, in the U.S both S24 & S24+ got Snapdragon 8 Gen 3? In my country Indonesia they got Exynos. Hhmm
Im glad that samsung launch S24 with exynos here in my country, so I dont need to upgrade my S22 to this new S24 or any new samsung flagship anymore, for now I can stick with my S22 for another years or maybe switch to chinese brand like Xiaomi or Oneplus next time which is offer a better value for my money without compromised the hardware/perfomance by using different chipset on their flagship.
(,: game theory references
Eagerly waiting for S24 battery life review.
Finally, they got rid of the infinity screen, no more accidental side touch with my palm!
At least samsung brings a lot of new things every year, unlike the other fraud company that releases the same phone every year and the idiots still buying it.
I love the S24 🔥🔥 can Samsung make a one back camera phone with the same design of S24
For few min I thought this is a parody video on Samsung... They copied titanium body!!!😊
Kinda feels like this year's S series is all about AI
Even samsung tries to implement same design year by year 😂😂 they used to mock iphone for same design some years ago
ew, but its not an iPhone
so they realized curved screen is a useless invention. good
Up up
3:45 "now this is all a theory, a lens theory"   Matpat really has left a huge mark on YouTube :')
So would it be better to buy S23U or S24U considering I am now using S20.  I use phones for a really long time.
Very impressive presentation.  Glad I waited to upgrade.
converts a regular video to slomo ..... hmmm  can it do the opposite so that i can watch a Snyder movie in regular motion? for slomo scenes only
i wont get iphone or samsung until it gets automatic call screening and live view. that feature alone is what makes pixel the best phone on the market.
Outside US does S24 and S24+ use Exynos chip
Samsung is taking the game to next level.. Awesome time is coming.. !!
Joke of the day 😂
Its a software update , they didnt add shit
Just preordered the Acid grip case and it’s buy one get one free! 🎉❤
Did I miss something? He keeps calling it "Samsung AI"
Phones are boring. Nothing really new.
Is it a good upgrade from the S23 ultra ?? Or should I stick to it
Pixel + iPhone =  Samsung S24
Which color is best for S24 ???
Hope you’re planning to do a humane ai review, super interesting concept
I hope that live translation works in other apps like Facebook messenger and Whatsapp.
"copying apple's homework" is such bs. marques is clearly payed off.
Smart phones are becoming smart !
Hi sir is worth by shifting from s23 ultra to s24 ultra? Can you please provides us a whole review of this s23 and s24 phonesin your Upcomming video
this guy is always a iPhone lover. lol
Jurong West SH @ Pioneer    22/01 Mon 7-9pm   FULL   24/01 Wed 7-9pm   FULL  25/01 Thur 7pm C7 1hr  FULL     26/01 Fri 8-10pm   Last 3 slot     Unity Sec @ yew tee       27/01 Sat 6-8pm  Last slot  Jurong West SH @ Pioneer    29/01 Mon 8-10pm   8pm 31/01 Wed 7-9pm   01/02 Thu 7pm 1hr    - Practice drills 1hr ; $7 per pax  02/02 Fri 7pm   1hr - Practice drills 1hr ; $7 per pax    MB-HB level                  may u join us ? 🥑
so the number will be the year from now on
Is it waterproof ??
It really hurts a review when you cant help hinting at your implicit brand bias every 30 seconds.
as a life long Apple user, I am moving to android, this phone looks great.
Samsung shot themselves in the foot with the S24+, literally no reason outside of the S Pen to buy an Ultra this year
How many SriLankan peoples watch this video🥲🇱🇰
I already love to watch you, but in this video, when u downloaded Hindi voice pack, ohh man, love you even more now. I dnt know was that intentional or not, but little things adds to more...❤
Why does he keeps saying "Samsung AI" , where did he heard that? Its "Galaxy AI" how does he manages to hear something which has never been said.
Ъ.
7 Years of OS updates is all we want 😁
Very cool feature that it translates your phone call.
MatPat reference!😭 Sad to see him go, but happy for the upcoming new theories!
Yes people are idiots they will buy the almost same phone as last year just beacise it's the 2024 edition of the previous version
S series now look like note series
Samsung and Apple are losing the WOW factor, where as the phones from China always surprise me.
Thanks Samsung for your lovely and powerful exynos for our market also you could've given Exynos for ultra too
Exynos chip outside the USA. Learn reality american!
I find it hypocritical that you guys wanted the next galaxy to look like apple in your waveform podcast and now you are snubbing Samsung for doing exactly the same thing??  Otherwise: I do agree, the 10x zoom is basically never used. 128gb is not a good option Basically what everyone told when the s23 series came out. If you have a 1 or 2 Yr old phone, no need to actually upgrade. 2+ and above you can consider it if it's in your upgrade cycle  Also: in loving memory of Bixby, I have had medical equipment from China in my college reset to chinese accidentally by someone and I used Bixby vision to navigate the settings in Chinese and set it back to English.. In 2018 IIRC
Using samsung high end mobile is lit💥
Trying to determine if I'm going to get the Ultra or wait for iphone 16 to come out. Currently have a Samsung galaxy note10 plus. I got a Apple watch 9 for Christmas so I have hard decisions to make here 🤔
It will break down in less than 2 years. And then ask an astronomical amount of money to fix it.
Just preordered the ultra. So fuckin tired of my s10's curved screen
As a Korean I can say that the translations are 100% accurate !
This is the best Samsung commercial I have ever seen. 😊
This is really silly, but i have a Z Fold 4. I use Otter to transcribe meetings. The summary feature is huge. My screenshot folder is also a complete mess because i constantly take screenshots and load them into the google app. This will make me leave my folding phone.
Its exynos for areas outside of US... Pretty convenient for him to leave that out for the benefit of samsung 👍
I typically don't jump to upgrade my phone when a new flagship drops, but this looks like a worthwhile upgrade to say the least! 🔥
apple is poisoned
My dude,  there is too much info about your location in your photo info, careful friend, awesome review
It's time to "say" go by to my note 20u
Will anyone talk about the RING? Anyone? ok.
Len theory ❤
You should mention that these AI features are free only till 2025.  How can you miss this part?!   This is going the Tesla way of subscription model.
I’ll be totally honest. I’m a big Apple guy, but this is a really interesting phone. The AI stuff is actually useful, it isn’t a gimmick just to get some sales. At least it seems that way
I liked the Matt Pat (Game/Film/Style Theory) call  out, who just announced he's leaving YouTube after being one of the OGs.
🥲The curved look kinda good and emerging while watching videi for me Maked it seem infinite 😅💀
At this point, what are people even hating on with the Samsung flagship series? This is a huge step forward, and it's crazy how this technology will be perfected within 2 years
Wow, do they have an SD card slot? Nope? Guess no buy.  NTN Comms? No?
So Apple was right , nobody likes a curved screen  Titanium colour , exact same design like iPhone , they might as well slap an Apple logo on it
Could you buy me one of these please?
Transcription app is also great for deaf people
" This is all a theory, a lens theory"❤😢
How do i get these features on my iPhone? Is there an app?
I'd like to see comparison 10x, 30x and 100x photo's from the S23 Ultra vs the S24 Ultra. I'm curious how much having optical zoom matters vs weaker optical zoom but with more MPixels. I have the S22 Ultra and there is a weird zoom gap between 3x and 10x so understand Samsung's rationale, pulling the 10x down to 5x for more use cases. But I still do use the 10x zoom often enough that I would miss it if 5x zoom with higher MP doesn't match or surpass the utility of my current 10x lens.
They copy everything Apple does.  They’ll release a clone of the Apple Vision Pro this year too.
Meh... not enough of an improvement since the 20s...
Duuude, my note 20 ultra is now an "old phone from back in the day" @2:17 I guess I'll be getting the s24 ultra in 2029
9:58 sheeps will always remain sheeps..
A theory a lens theory 🤣🤣🤣 In MatPat’s voice
Are there any of the Colors that just have Un-Colored/Un-Painted Raw Titainium Outer Frame? S24 Ultra
Bro, these phones look like the Sharp Aquos phones from back in the day 😂
When review?
Did they get rid of Shutter Delay? S24 Ultra
Bixby Joke of the day 😂
Is it out already?
Any know if S24 ultra has more memory @ 512gb?
RIP edge curves, nobody miss you lmao
I ordered s24+ coz i have s23. I dont want s24 ultra coz im not into pictures, besides i have my iphone 15 pro max my primary phone.
I personally love the new squared off design my ideal phone would be an iPhones hardware but running android 😂👏🏾 S24+ come on downnnn the price is right!
FLAT SCREENS ARE BACK, BABY. Finally! It's about time.
Samsung as always copies what Apple does
final a flat display! thank you samsung for ditching that stupid curve
3:44 ❤
A lens theory 😢
X75 Modem RF system
Finally going to replace my s20fe with the s24 plus. I want to go with the ultra, but I just don't like how boxy it is.
The matpat reference was awesome
Man that "This is all a theory, a lens theory" is a very nice and subtle way to give a shoutout to MatPat and the theorist channels!
"Where's the Apple fantasy now? Show them what revolutionary change really is. 😅"
No more curved screen means I'm no longer a fan.
So Sammy did their take on an iPhone and infused it with features 90% of ppl will only use once, including that dusty 3x 🤷🏽…just get a 🍏📱  🤭🧌
In other words, nothing really new since the S20
I’m confused, so will it be able to zoom as much as the s23 ultra?
This dude is so biased and such an Apple fan. He used to be at least somewhat fair with his opinions.
Apple stans still not convinced 😂!!!! I am telling you with this rate of upgrades Samsung is about to take the lead👍👍
Can't see myself spending a mortgage payment on this phone.. so much i can do with 1300 bucks than buy a S24.
Mkbhd >>> Mrwhosetheboss
Deva re paise chaheyi hum ko ❤
After a 3-hour wait, I got the unlocked version of the S24 Ultra. 1Tb, in gray.
samsung becoming sony at 2024 lol
You are so focused on cameras its like thats all you think about when you look at a phone. How about info on it being an actual phone. Hows the speaker level, does the mic pick up voice well.
I liked when Samsung had some personality.
"It's a theory, a lens theory" 😢
Preordered the ultra in the website exclusive green in 1tb today. This is my first time ever doing something like this so I hope it turns out well and lasts me 3-5 years like my S21+ did.
QHD on Plus model, wow!
definitely would love to see quality of video camera recording and what you can do with that
Better than iPhone but I still have a iPhone
❤
3:44 we will miss you matpat
Just a new samshit every year
Total hardware side grade with a price bump. My S21U from almost three years ago has more RAM than the top end new model...
I was expecting Samsung to increase the telephoto lense to 30x optical zoom as the next big thing but for now they reduced to 5x zoom. Feels like a downgrade.
Iluminati
Wow! I love those days when Apple was selling the same devices for years, and Samsung was making something different every year and nowadays they’re just copying themselves even in materials so sad 😭
woh
As an iPhone, user, and only ever having one of them I’m probably switching to this, but I’ll probably still keep the iPhone
Read Samsung fine print. They are going to start charging for AI features beginning 2025. SUCKS!
Title should’ve been “more than meets the AI”
Apple take notes for call translation i need it
Already preordered the s24 ultra! I've had the same phone for nearly 6 years now and can't wait for this one :)
So it’s basically an iPhone lmao
I liked the curve.
we officially plateaued with smartphone improvements
Honestly i like that the AI is being used to make these phones convenient and all BUT at the same time seeing all these makes me realise nothing that we'll see on social media in the upcoming year's will be real anymore or at least some fake eliments.... Kinda takes away the most important part of photography "To capture a moment in time as it was"
Still I watching same Phone s21, s22, s23 &s24. U Know S20 Also 😊
please mention about samsung putting exynos in a flagship phone for other countries than US.
Enough with the "blatantly copied apple" BS... Nearly everything that is an apple phone now was copied from android... I still remember when all you apple lovers argued 3.5" was max size needed and you didn't want it any bigger making fun of 5" galaxy phone 😂
Samsung has exclusive colors if anyone is not happy with the ones from the major carriers
And it's has 7yrs of os updates.
S24 and S24+ are NOT running snapdragon but unfortunately Exynos 2400 chip outside of USA, for the same price as the vastly better Snapdragon. I think this is important to note to not be misleading.
Hello testing gboard, nice working fine than  Apple keyboard.
S21 ultra was samsung design peak, after that it is going downhill
When he said this is all a theory. A lens theory. I remembered mattpat 😭   So i paused for a little... Ahahaha and a few seconds later in the video he said shout out to mattpat 💕   Great review as always ❤
Feel tempted to upgrade to the s24 ultra from my iphone 11 pro. But i still have my apple watch and ipad in the ecosystem so removing the iphone from the list gonna be a hassle
Does the S4+ have LTPO display?
It seems like the Samsung AI is the borrowed version of pixel AI/Bard/Gemini  Edit: It actually is Google Gemini pro. Which i didn't know .😅
Exynos2400 enters the chat*
Samsung is using Google Gemini AI models.
im using IP15promax and honestly the back glass seems thinner and transition to titanium bezel is not as seamless and smooth to the touch like Ip14promax  and from the footage S24ultra have the same gap. Probably it’s a material choice tolerance.
How his all videos go in PIP?
Live translation would be amazing if it works properly 😊
Phone launch event ❌ software launch event ✅
It’s the same as S22, Samsung has became boring as apple.
Has the Battery, charging speed increased, Dore the battery last longer than it used to, will the battery degrade less over time?
S23 ultra + inbuilt chat gpt ultra = s24 ultra 🧿
3:53 i didn't expect to get sad in the middle of a phone review
Is it only me? or there seems to be something wrong with the audio of this video?
Battery life and performance consistency is something I would definitely love to see improved on the S24 Ultra. I have an S22 Ultra as a second phone. I barely touch it and it has very few apps and a whole lotta storage space left, always kept up to date on software too, yet on its lowest, mid grade, or even its highest performance settings, I never get consistent performance out of it. It’s either great or barely does anything I want it to do. Not only that I could not touch it for a day and a half and the battery would already be dead despite not using it. Unlike other phones I’ve used, it’s been the second worst flagship Samsung phone I’ve personally had.   I’ve heard much better things about the S23 Ultra though so with these improvements on the S24 Ultra, I’m excited to see how it comes out. I hope these issues are addressed as well as they’re made out to be and I can’t wait to see what comes from it. Excellent video as always, Marques! You never miss 🦾
Marques downloading hindi language ... ❤❤
It seems to me that the "Universal Translator in both Star Trek & Dr Who's Tardis" is getting ever closer. Looking forward to the full camera review...👍
What about charging speeds?
Can you talk about the botched launch?? I still can't pre-order with my Fold4 as a trade-in
Cant wait the full review!
Meh. Boring ass phones once again this year. No originality at all. Blah
FINALLY A FLAT DISPLAY. Why did it take so many years for them to figure out how to make a flat screen when the iPhone had a flat screen in 2007?! Insane.
8 gen 3 for galaxy is faster than Apples latest bionic chip, y did he avoid that , when he compared the s24 s24+ plus design with apples!? Weird!
Gonna skip full review like u did with fold 5?
Wish we could get no compromise small phones again. Galaxy S10 was a beast of a phone for it's size. After that it was all compromise.
Same s23 diferente color 😂😂
@2:07 Thanks goodness for a flat screen flagship.  I just hate curved screens from the beginning, not much use except to show off, yet causing screen guard to peel easily and hard to touch.
i am living in eu, and as i saw today on samsungs website, there is a lot different between us and eu versions. after more than 10 years, i guess it's time to change my smartphone company.
Dude Im SO PISSED at Samsung for releasing Exynos across the Asia for S24/+ . They have a huge market here and they just decided to screw us all. I would have bought this in a minute but now I have to rethink my priorities!!
Although it looks like an iPhone, I like Samsung button placement much better. This way the left side of the phone is completely flat.
Looks like a knock off iPhone
Flossy carter and mkbhd today lol
If anyone noticed, mrwhosetheboss has more views and likes on his video. Part of me believes mkbhd does not respect Samsung and its users. Its not Samsung that always copies Apple homework. Mkbhd focuses more on Apple than Samsung and it isn't very pleasant. I have every Apple device you can think of but I also love how Samsung is different and more innovative.
Instant image search shouldn't require AI. It's useful but it's not AI
Poor Samsung can't stand the curved display anymore😂😂😂 finally for the longest time Samsung realize that their curved display is esthetically beautiful but useless in reality HAHAHAHA!
Shameless iphone copying
You don't need to put the Google search Widget on your home screen anymore
they finally gave the curve screeen and turned to iphone 😂😂😂
This guy single handedly peer pressured Samsung into reducing and completely removing the curve! HUGE DOWNGRADE
I find it mind boggling that Samsung put so much money and advertising into mocking Apples physical appearance of their phones to copying them year after year. Some of the highlights were the notch commercial (hilarious btw) to their version of an iPad having a notch itself, and now the titanium with flat sides among other things just blows my mind. I am an Apple & Samsung/Android user although 70-90% of my time is on Apple devices, respect them both but yeah I just find that so strange after the investment they made to mock them.
Bro downloads Hindi pack then shows Koreans to English translation 😂
RIP Photoshop
My S24 ultra is already on pre order, titanium of course. Great review, thanks
The live translation app was legit created for the 90 day fiance show on TLC 😅
MKBHD downloading Hindi 😊😅
I'm wondering what magical tricks Apple has hidden up its software sleeves. Ready for the grand reveal of their latest software wonders!
Please talk more or do a specific video on the galaxy AI. I think Apple will need to catch up big time
The flashlight position in 24 and plus is annoyingly pathetic yet unnoticed
Korean and Hindi.. well done 😂
"Now this is all a theory, a lens theory" 😢
This will be standard on iPhones in 10 Years. 😂
1080p screen in 2024? How lame of then
3:46 THE MATTPATT REFERENCE ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️
Snapdragon gen 3 ? Or an overclocked gen 3 like the last gen ?
bro looks like a54 premium edition
I gasped twice watching this. It will LIVE TRANSCRIBE a phone call? And it will generate slow mo video?? Such good ideas for generative AI
I dont understand some things. I mean.
Just like an iPhone
Slightly boxier curvers on phones screams of aesthetic but these huge curves just make a phone look cheap..
Samsung finally accepting the curved edges are pointless features.
I've had my galaxy s10e since release im definitely getting the s24 ultra
Honestly, s24 ultra doesn't look good in flatscreen
Curved display are the best 😢
We will see what Apple does about it.
9:55 I get that this is an inpressions video, but they arent really "blatantly copying Apple's homework". The only thing they really copied was the flat boxy look amd the titanium on the Ultra. If they're copying anyone's homework, they are copying Google, with almost exactly the same AI features...
Star Trek universal translator
more than meets AI
Better than samsung's 😂😂
If they went back to throw exynos to international versions, means I either get an US version or just get a pixel 8 pro.
watching on my oneplus open...traded in s23 ultra. Apple and Samsung need to come u osmething new. The next big thing. Underdog Oneplus, folded them in half with open. Literally.
I’m Korean. The translation is surprisingly accurate. Dang
iSamsung 24. I love it
But is it as good as the Pixel 7a?
Year by year phone releases are becoming underwhelming and makes you keep your old phone for longer
Samsung should build 2 different versions of s24 ultra . S24 ultra with flat display and s24 ultra or with curved display so that customers should buy what they love .Samsung in the next versionof s25 ultra they should call it s25 ultra edge and s25 ultra . Because my self i love curved display.   Flat display Samsung disappointing me.😢
Time to get my S23, I know price gonna be better 😊.
So basically a Google pixel inside of an iPhone 15
Lol then iphone fanboys "we have 2000nits" now samsung has 2600 nits yo here they rock it!
How is the Sound?
Samsung ❤
Taking down the 10x is like going 3 years back to the s20 ultra days . Samsung has lost innovation and for sure it wont be able to compete with the likes of the vivo x100 pro in the telephoto range now with their floating lens tech and coatings etc....they should have put a 200mp sensor on the 3x and 50mp on the 10x to stay ahead of tje curve .....ai is not that impressive.... circle ⭕ looks like taking a screen shot and sending it to google lens which is an old tech nothing special ....i am sticking to my s23 ultra ... They will lose market share. Not improving their 10x advantage will be their biggest mistake ....why would i pay 100 dollars more  when the cameras are almost a downgrade from s21 ultra ...
Not me tryna blow away the beauty spot on his hand 😂😂😂
I kinda like the iPhone clone-ness of the 24/24+, but I also really like the design and hand feel of iphones in general.
I thought DSLRs won't make sense, but now phones having AI and doing a lot of tinkering with the photos. It's safer to say DSLRs are not long lost and gone, they're still here to stay for ultimate and organic stills.
Around the 4 minute mark you did a matpat reference. Its funny coz he quit. So thatll trigger some ppl lmfao.
I'm so glad we're getting away from curved edges. It literally only made the viewing experience worst.
No reason to upgrade from my S21 ultra
.
I love how everyone knocks the iphone for not innovating and then samsung copies the iphone look without innovating. But its ok for android
I guess no ai features for the s23 series
I use the 10x and ultra wide on my s23 ultra the most, tbh. Either group pictures, vistas, or sporting events. Don't like them just copying apple on this one
solo el S24 ultra tiene snapdragon 8 gen 3, el plus y s24 normal tienen exynos2400, marques se equivoca en este punto :(
The only channel required for fresh tech news
Titanium, stop me if you’ve already seen this.            -Steve Jobs
Will these AI features come in S23 ultra in future software update?
RIP the 10x Zoom 2020-2024. I'm sure the new one is *SIGNIFICANTLY* better than the old 10x zoom on my S20 Ultra, but man I just love those big numbers.
And that's just a theory, a PHONE theory. Thanks for watching. Love ya MatPat
I'm Korean and look at the translation from the screen. It's pretty accurate!
Why does the Samsung body style look like an iPhone's tho.
AI
Uhhhh wasn't magic editor was available in Samsung before Google added it ( it came with gallery update )
Did not know that the s24 looked the same as the s24 and s23? Are all companies done coming with new designs?
No microSD card slot?  I'm good
Samsung vs Apple ecosystem - with AI, this needs to be compared once again. Integration and especially how the tablets compare now with AI features.
the outside be like, this is new samesung yey!
Still getting Exynos over here
Now if only Samsung would readd the headphone jack and SD card slot then they'd actually give me a reason to upgrade from my S10 if they don't by the time I actually upgrade I'm getting a Sony Xperia since it has all the features
You call that a rectangle?
Nop. Snapdragon is only in some specific countries. Rest of the world will get Exynos again.... :/
using my s22 and don't think I need to upgrade yet
Samsung ❌ AI ✔️
I'm using the CAT s22 rn and I can't wait to get my hands on the ultra
So... It's basically a combination of Apple's aesthetics and Google Pixel's AI and software.
This time marques faster than whosetheboss from last year apple review😂
Galaxy AI IMPRESSIONS NOT S24
Will it have wifi 7 chip
Hear me out. 6.5" ultra will become ultimate game over for other flasgships. However Samsung guys wouldn't understand outside their eco chamber. Lastly, remove Spen. That's shit is big fat gimmick.
Is it worth it to switch from S22 Ultra to S24 ultra? I use my S22 Ultra mainly for video capturing and taking pictures of concerts, would the 5x 50mp telephoto lens be worth upgrading? Thanks!
Given the rapid pace at which AI is evolving, it's becoming increasingly challenging to discern what's real and what's not in photographs. While this advancement is fascinating, it can also be somewhat unsettling.
A lot of people lost their shiz when Samsung was adding details to moonshots. Imagine them now. 🤣
I used the 10X on my S22 Ultra all the time
I wish they went with the squared corners of the ultra for all of them! Such a cool design. Reminds me of windows phones and other earliee android phones.
leave gorilla glass talks for Jerry
Finally..!! Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra is here! With Amazing AI features & Crazy Camera ✨💫🖤
No idea why Samsung insists on changing colours every year. Matte Black, navy blue, burgundy, and emerald green, and maybe one bright fun colour like lilac, were all that was needed.
I just want 1440p 120hz on the base model lol but I'm glad that the Ultra finally has a true flat display. I wish it had that 2 generations ago when i was still into the Note look.
Same old design😕...boring oneui ...Who is using this ai feature?... same like spen... once in a month... im going to change samsung. my next flagship mobile  maybe asus,xiaomi,oneplus or vivo...something different than samsung ui and design..
Is it worth upgrading from s23?
Samsung is reeeeally trying to reach for an Apple-similar design. Maybe a strategic cushion to help Apple users transition out of the ecosystem and into the Galaxy with the familiar (similar) touch. Otherwise, I can’t help but wonder why.
Ultra design is trypophobiac’s nightmare 🤪
At 5.34 …..I expected more 😅
The intermediate frame creation for slomo video is already what s23ultra does when shooting at 960FPS in reality it's a 240FPS video digitally enhanced with created intermediate frames and limited to a few seconds (I suppose that's what fits in RAM). I hope most of the features become available in s23ultra because I'm not switching phones every year. I would also hope the partnership with Google for AI stuff would extend to camera shooting because I would love to have a Google camera app that could deal with all the pixels in main sensor (gcam mods can only use 12MP, I suppose that's an API limitation)
Ordered earlier! Ultra 512 Titanium!
What if we are using swipe gesture navigation? There's no home button
Please iPhone 15 vs Samsung s24 ultra
He has more views than samsung video😮
I'm really glad they didn't change the design... I feel they've perfected it!
Next year they gonna go back to curb edges or round edges. And ofc we'll hear how impressive the new phone is, just ike every year when a new phone comes out.
I HATE the rounded edges. Working around the edges with the pen, especially trying to be percise is a real pița. Good riddance!
Will S22 or S23 have AI features on updates?
Is Ultra only have the AI or all of em?
The first phone I've ever pre-ordered. Got the 24ultra 1tb in titanium blue. Upgrading from the s10+ 1tb. Super excited!
Can you review inbuilt document scanner. What it's capability
Im watching this on the S24 lol
Now this is a true upgrade/update from Samsung! They truly have overtaken Apple in the software area for sure. AI transcript of a call is next level alongside the photos AI doing a lot of things inside a phone.   Btw MKBHD is always that channel you first come to view the next big things always!
23 upgrades are unimpressive vs the 24 for sure. Big improvements.
the live translation sounds like straight out of sci fi
I hope to get 15x but rolled back to 5x!! I will go to Sony now
Smartphone events are not exiting anymore, the boom of smartphone innovation started declining from 2018
I came to Marques' channel because I enjoy quality tech reviews; and I'm not disappointed.
While they might achieve an equivalent 10x optical zoom through software and AI, it would have been more sensible to retain the original 10x optical zoom instead of scaling it down to 5x
It is shocking to me that when Apple copies Samsung's features you are like "never mind better for the industry" but when Samsung does the same "oh! it's blatantly copying Apple's home-work." As a reviewer you must understand that A.I is a pot that many companies have their hands in simultaneously and no one has definitive rights over its evolution. Be it an Android or Apple.
This is nice for Samsung 🎉  I wonder what iphone would do in there up coming iphone 16 pro max ... its  kinda interesting to see thou
Theory mentioned 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 A LENS THEORY!!!!🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️ THANKS FOR WATCHING 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
Copying apples notes got me 😂
What happened to Samsung 😐
Nice review..! Tech like these should've come  in the past already.
So S24 basically sums up to camera upgrades, some design tweaks and software updates. Well in my opinion, the software updates can work on the previous gen as well so with all the marketing for S24, I do not feel a need to upgrade from S23.   If Samsung decides to update S23 with all AI, it would basically become a S24.
They stealing apples glory. We can’t even get a hole punch 😂
5:51 that's not AI feature, that's just google image search made convenient. The snapdragon AI chip contributes nothing on this, I can't believe you never do google image search, basically just take a screenshot and upload it to google image search.
Genuine question: On the s24 ultra, is the small round one above the flash, a camera, or not? If not, what is it? Thanks
It’s funny how they talk smack about the iPhone 14 Pro and 15 pro, looking the same and Samsung does the same 💩🤣🤣🤣
i ordered the S24Ultra 1tb.
Samsung still trash
at 2:44, you meant S23 not S24.
the new 24 ultra looks like trash. why get rid of the single most defining factor of a samsung phone. curved edge superiority, wtf samsung
blatently coping samsung's homework? except for the titanium? you said all the good things about s24 ultra and then ended the video as if the phone is a rip off of the not so advanced 15 pro/pro max. apple has literally copied more stuff from samsung (starting from the size of the handset), then samsung ever has.
Seriously considering dumping my Apple for a 24Ultra. I wonder if the 24 Ultra has nano sim?
*_i hope your special day will bring you lots of happiness, love and fun💞_*
2:07
2:10
How many problems you got A LOT 😉
Ew, matpat
No micro sd as a differentiator from Apple, might as well get an iPhone and that is what a lot of marketshare is doing.  Apple applauds Google and Samsung acting like Apple.
Arun was my first, but you a close second.
They don't look exactly like the iphone, you fanboy... They look exactly like they were back in the days, when samsung was making phones, and apple didn't exist.  You welcome.
*Galaxy AI free until 2025.
Welcome to another new series which I'm never gonna able to buy lol
So it is S 23 ultra ai in Titanium
S24 or realme gt5 , gt5 pro ?
So copying the iPhone aesthetic again I remember when their curved screens were “innovation” not to mention all of a sudden they’re using titanium and a 5X camera just like the iPhone
8:50 What is a photo? 😅
Reason to get this phone: 1. 7 years os support  2. Software  3. Hardware
Pixel is no longer special
But how much of these AI features run local? Is there any reason why cloud features can't run on older phones?
I must say, I use the telephoto camera a lot for making pictures of things that are just far away, especially signs and things. I also use it a lot for "scanning" documents, because you're that far away, corners of the document don't get distorted.
i love to curved screen. so sad it had to go
Wow. Samsung did great job!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, as someone who still has the S22 Ultra, I'm really not feeling the need upgrade. The AI features are really cool, but still not necessarily something I want to spend $1,300 to get. The S22U is still basically the same phone. That's true for the iPhone too though. Mobile tech has pretty much capped, now AI needs to get to the same level.
That matpat mention was great
How does it do in gaming also does it have a good hotspot
my s10 us 1440p, so ot wasnt an improvement, just tech from 2018
Most of the features are directly stolen from pixel 😂
Lemme tell you why Samsung will never beat iPhone, his last iPhone review was completely filmed on the iPhone 15, could never be done with a samsung
Excited for live translation. 😮❤
A live translation while watching my idols' Insta and YouTube Live would be nice. Somebody invent this already. Please. 😅😢
I don't know if you gonna see my comment or not, but i feel like your judgements now its not so neutral as beforen Nobody care about being fan of any brand but your essential elements as a fair youtuber aren't the same.
I'm happy they went flat. I love it. It's the only thing I like about iPhone.
This actually feels like the vibe and hype the S21 Ultra had and for the other two gens wasn’t that hyped but this S24 ultra seems a-lot smoother as Samsung is known to be laggier than the IPhone and now looks like that’s fixed but the main feature I’m excited for is AI and 120HZ 4K video recording let’s see if it can keep up with the iPhone or is better ?!
now that the Note is not curved, I may actually consider switching from the iPhone!
I am not going to buy any phone until Samsung fix the screen burnin' it's a joke at this point
When are we getting ONE UI 6.1 on the older phones? S23U and below
rip to all of us s23 holders who now have an obsolete old trashcan for a phone now.  its been good while it lasted boys
like phones this year will be copying the trend if the pixel 8 series
What's the point spending $1,500 when you cannot enjoy the screen because of the screen burnin
HA I HEARD THAT MATPAT REFERENCE!
Lol it looks exactly like iphone 15 even they took titanium design
Do not waste your money on this phone $1,500 until Samsung fix the screen burnin' it's an absolute joke at this point,
Unfortunately Australia gets exynos..... FML
You always prove as the best in this business
Why is no one talking about 7years software update
now is the time to up grade my s21 ultra to s24 ultra
7 Years Of Major Upgrades 🤔
Correct, I rarely use 5x or 10x on my Note 20 Ultra. Whenever I want to zoom in, 2x is just sufficient.
I have s23 ultra. This isn't a upgrade
Hmmm, I just got the 23Ultra about 6 months ago, I knew this was coming. I didn't know it was going to be this different. I'm going to need the 24Ultra...the 7 years of updates, is a no brainer..
Did s23 ultra just get a 100 dollar bump?
That’s funny everyone talking shit on iPhones ‘ oh it looks the same” and here we are the same lol it’s funny how some only see it to what they prefer
The real time translation is crazy
Same formula as Apple. Just reuse the existing body and make changes to the hardware and software. As with the last 5 generations of the iPhone, you'd never know there's anything different at first glance. The last 3 generations of the Samsung S-series are not that big of a deal. Consumers now realize these no point in spending all that money year after year.
Yeah Smartphone Innovation is dead
A theory a lens theory (mat pat voice)
So I have the S23 Ultra, is it worth upgrading to the S24 ultra this year?
So I have the S23 Ultra, is it worth upgrading to the S24 ultra this year?
Bro be like : I developed this phone myself.
AI technology as the same Pixel phone but Galaxy AI is a newest version taste😮
Will miss you MatPat
I never watch the company's event I just wait for Marques lol
Samsung finna killing it now
7:06 since you have downloaded Hindi Language pack... let's talk...  भाई 10 साल से तेरा सब्सक्राइबर हु..आज तक कभी फोन नही किया तूने.. ऐ ना चालबे..😅
looks more like a phone Sony would make not samsung with the brick shape
I don’t know why but marques is becoming less interested in phone reviews. Not keeping full effort.
Can someone confirm what Australia is getting for the processing chip? I've seen snapdragon for all, snapdragon just for the ultra and the standard getting Exynos chips? Would be a shame if they shipped Exynos for their S24 range.
Glad they got rid of the curved screens. Pointless.
They made thier cheaper phones look exactly like iPhones!!! SAVAGES. 🤯
Day 1 of posting this comment till they bring back the headphone jack
FINALLY. No more curved screen for the Ultra. Absolutely hated that.
i currently have an s22...ive been with android for a while..but im considering going apple cuz everyone I work with and my gf is team apple. Im excited about it but i cant deny the s24 is really attractive performance and price wise
These are all hype and gimmicks. I don’t see anything really useful, interesting and usable in everyday life. Apple, Samsung and the crowd are really too comfortable and settled in…
i wish they made the ultra in a smaller form factor. the style, the pen.... it would be a no-brainer of a phone if it weren't for the massive size.  smaller phones are the way forward. this whole large phone thing is getting really old
I like the subtle nod to MatPat you did there
you should tested it with exynos later version, we all know snapdragon is great chip. but how the exynos performance.
Feels like whatever Marques wants in a phone samsung will try do that
AI features require subscription after 2025, aka SCAM
"A lens theory" :')
He always get straight to the point i love it
its literally an iphone......... look at it.
Will it be Snapdragon worldwide or is it just USA and South Korea again?
"So I've been using the S24 for 16 months now.."  -Marques probably
🤓☝️: all iPhone looks the same. Meanwhile Samsung....
It seems in a long enough time line there are only two options in life: Male or Female Pepsi or Coke Apple or PC Iphone or Samsung Democrat or Republican Rich or Poor Heaven or Hell
please direct comparison of 100x zoom on 23 ultra vs 24 ultra
Boring af from Samsung. Skipped
I'm not talking to my phone. They didn't get me to do it with Bixby, they're not gonna interest me with AI. I'm honestly supremely underwhelmed.
"Copying Apple's homework" that's rich.
no edge screen? Really? This is the only reason why I bought this phone...
I'm most curious about battery life on the base model S24. I assume that's still a Bixby button next to the volume rocker and that we can still customize it.
so can s24 use the s23 case ?😅
I think its time I upgrade from my iPhone 6s back to Samsung.
Great vid, anybody know if these functions coming to the flip
Why didn't you show the slow motion thing with AI?
The statement copying apple’s home work is very rude.
Cant wait to upgrade to s24 ultra in 1-2 years!   Running s21 ultra atm. Refurbished of course. Why pay 1.5k when you can get it year later for 600. It just works as one would assume that top of the line anything works.  Havent bought new phone in +10 years. Always used cause fraction of the price and when you go for top of the line it usually lasts and performs for a long time.  Its not like +95% of people actually need that performance increase to make anything better. Yes the year on year gets better and better but thats just a minor thing. Any earlier CPU is fine for most people.  I dont see why i should upgrade to s24 when i have s21 ultra that still works as intended. Maybe in an year or two when refurbs come to market!
You're the man
"are you Bixby?" "No bro that's my father"
So anyone knows if there’s a huge difference between the cameras on the s24 plus vs. Ultra??? I would like to cop the Ultra but I can’t get over the square edges, i love the rounded edges
Upgrading from Note 8
So glad they dropped the curved screen
cringe af, just like iPhone 15
Whats the battery life test, not the size.
Best camera : S24 VS iPhone 15 ? Basic models
if this was Apple, the android fans will start crying and moaning down the comments 💀  anyways, it's a great phone. i am definitely upgrading my fold 4 to this.
I’Rs very hilarious to me that they are really using Apple techniques 😂
As I always says: Samsung innovates, Apple upgrades  Kudos to Samsung for bringing the future to the present ❤❤❤
2:24 No curve is the way to go. Getting cheap screen gaurds is an issue other wise.
Yo that cheap looking 24 should be 499. Wtf they smoking?? And 1,300$ for the ultra??! 😭
Come on samsung, I just want to have volume buttons back on the left side. Am I the only one bothered by all buttons being on the right side?
It is funny to China, Galaxy AI with Google. But s24+is good
I wondered if the features will be in Fold 4 & 5.
every day im getting closer and closer to ditching iPhone
No headphones jack no thanks keep your BS specs im sticking with my Motorola stylus
Do we get Snapdragon in all regions?
the ai features sound like a privacy nightmare unless it's all 100% on device
MKBHD >>> Live Stream 😂
Sad that the base S24 and S24+ will get Exynos chipset other than the US. The S24+ is a good choice with it having almost the same specs as the S24U just without the S Pen and extra cameras.
I use Google lens a lot. Everytime I have to take screenshot and use it in Google lens. With this new feature in Samsung. I think it's very very useful
I would like to know why Samsung/Google  has not added the ability to capture, Raw, Log Video, so it can be color corrected in Adobe Perimer, or DaVinci Resolve, Etc..
the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 will be only available to some countries. They are putting their Exynos 2400 in all other countries
Those edges 😢
Does it have the call screening and hold for me feature like pixel phones
As I watch on my fold 4, idk if a new generation brick is worth it for me. The inner screen size of the fold has me tight in its grips. But I'd like that gen 3 snapdragon lol
Exynos is the reason im not buying this phone
Dear Samsung, I've been holding onto my Galaxy S10e ever since you took away the Micro SD card slot. It's been 4+ years and we still have horrible storage options. I don't care about AI or any new gimmicks. I just want a small phone with 1 TB of storage to install a bunch of apps and record videos without running out of space. Is this too much to ask???
In all honesty the coolest thing for me personally was the ai swarching and the ai note assistance, i currently have the tab s9+ as a laptop replacement for uni, and if samsung rolls out these features to the the tab s10+ i genuinely might consider upgrading, having an instant image searching with instant clipping makes note taking so streamlined
The new ultra is sexy. Like a pack of cigarettes
🐐 frfr bro
My s20 + is still way better!!! People are brainwashed!!!
Unfortunately Australia is getting the Exynos chip in the s24 and s24+. Don't know how it will perform.
"This is all a theory, a LENS theory" 🎬🎞🎥
Hi make a comparison
So basically better than the pixel
Three Pixel features that are mandatory these days...Auto Call/Text Screening, Auto Hold on calls and Prompts for teletype on phone system menus, if it don't got it, it don't fly
Can't believe they removed 10x optical zoom, the only reason which i bought s23u
Mkbhd is not pregnant but he never fails to deliver ❤
Its a theory a LENzzzzzzzzzz Theoryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
I'm still hanging on with my S10e but next year will probably be the time to upgrade once prices fall on these. Sweet!
Copy cat from Red magic 9 pro 😂😂😂
The circle to search is not a Samsung feature. It's a Google feature and it's coming to pixels first.
If the iPhone looks like this ❤
Just outta curiosity, is there an option to turn off the little stars watermark in the lower left of an edited photo? Like, in cases where you don't want a watermark in your edited photo? Or is the feature to automatically in-paint the watermark an S25 feature?
I swear that's a RSVLTs hoodie. Is my eagle eye correct or no lol?
Now I am going from an S23+ to S24 Ultra and yes it's because of the flat screen. Curved sucks with a Note 10 of mine back in the day I went Kayaking and it magically cracked. Inflatable Kayak at that idek just stupid.
Ok so can you answer a phonecall through any bluetooth headset without touching any buttons? Voice only
3:45 Shout out to MatPat THE GOAT🔥🔥🔥🔥
Samsung galaxies found there look similar to apple finding their look with the iPhones
Just curious, all these AI features, do they need the Internet or they work offline in the phone?
!!
What’s with all these bots posting about AWT88K lol seems to be some crypto scam.
🛑🚨Same exact hardware from 2023 with an AI software update. 🤦🏻‍♂️🚨🛑
Google Now on tap was circle to search yrs ago
7:05 Hindi india
Don,t bring always apple here just review it there are many phones that have flat frame apple use flat frame in their phone that doesn't make sense that they invented that and they can only use it 1:01
when does iPhone comes with AI?
That MatPat shout-out though 😭😔💜
Matt pat reference love that
Samsung pulled me back in with this one, goodbye iPhone it was fun while it lasted. Still rocking my iPad though, no other tablet is touching that but the phones are a lot tighter
No sound bro
Are all the AI stuff on device ? Do they work without internet ?
Are you saying SD8 gen3 on s24 and 24+ will be international?
Marques is just unbeatable in tech review!👑 I learnt more about this gadget from him than Samsung intro video 😅 Side note to Samsung…Consider taking some classes from this guy!😂
I love the design of the s22-24, but I think I'll get bored if samsung uses it again for the s25 (a big reason why I don't really like iphones all that much compared to samsung flagships)
Oh s ands making a case? Well I guess the lower quality exactly copy from casetify will be coming out soon
That Samsung is on the same way like iOS same icons out of the box and everything and now the same appearance
Flat display cheaper to make and what people want. Win win. Wont comment on the hardware specs because the bump is expected. Though storage is kinda weak. Especially without sd card. Software seems interestingly useful.
Always nice to watch your videos, please update the phone prices, seems like they opted for more expensive tags
Been using iPhone for the last 4 years but now I switched back to Samsung. I am using their budget phone A23 though. Saving to get the S23/24!
Good, I always hated the curved screen
💥💥 I'm good with my S23 ultra and my regular S23. These S24 is not that big of a upgrade from the S23. I probably won't think about upgrading until they change the design or add a 6,000mah battery I do like the flat screen.
Interesting that the 128GB variant doesn’t exist in Australia woah
Yay, my recently purchased S23 Ultra just became "outdated" 😂
Huh, seems like Google is helping out Samsung. Usually you go to the pixel series for practical quality of life features. Now it seems samsung is cooking.
Love the live translation! Does iPhone have this?
Lens theory lmao nice
Yeah AI is definitely taking over, but the way AI is used here is actually kinda useful. Down to like, instant image searches and live translations. I can see these becoming incredibly useful. I'm probably not going to use any of these features but they're nice to have
You are an apple lover, you get nothing to say about Samsung.
I got an iphone 6s yall think its a good idea to upgrade to an s24?
Bro my handwriting tricks me out how the hell is AI going to understand it when i cant😂
All Samsung phones more or less has the same design,   still I'm glad the Note camera is getting some love, sorry I mean S no no I mean the Note, it has a pen so note.
This is really nice i might get it
3:48 I almost shed a tear for MatPat there 😢
iphone 15: We have the USB-C Consumer: 🙌🙌🙌🙌 Samsung: We have that 5 years ago, and we have added a couple of more of these... Consumer: 🤨🤏  Yup, our dumb sheeps 🦧
Boring phones 😂
O wow.. I just came here to say that been using iPhones all the way and despite the Samsung rocking interesting features, time would tell if it would be a shitty experience unlike in iOS where most experiences are really smooth
Where all those apple haters at ?? 😂 they real quiet now smh sheeeeeeeeeeeep 😂
Did u check out POCO X6 Pro ???
You are allah of phone world
Could be quite convincing to move myself from the 15 pro max.. coming from the 13 pro max..
Pixel on steroids
Bigger battery? You mean we got back to the same specs from 4 years ago.
Now samsung is just a copy of apple.
Samsung shitting on European customers again giving them the Exynos chip.  No one wants your exynos Samsung. Not sure what Marques is referring to when he says snapdragon across the board in that respect
Question remains: should S23 Ultra owner trade their phones in for S24 Ultra?
That AI seems dangerous.
So where does all the ai data processing happen is it on the phone or is there some server somewhere that has all my data 😅😱
Will this AI software come to galaxy s23?
So, Nokia Lumia?
The AI stuff is cool. Iphone killer.
Love your subtle jabs!
Flat screen yes please
Comments like "live translation is nothing new!"  I think it's a major improvement to have my phone do the live translation locally (and much faster as a result) rather than having to stream my phone call through a Google server to remotely translate it
Omg just a theory hahaha it's so clever
A LENS THEROY!!!!!!!
Glad they got rid of curved display. Hated it so much especially when I used the phone without any case.
Remember when they use to make commercials making fun of a particular company? Can’t think of the name now..
how about the video quality ?
not the matpat shoutout aaaaa my childhood man
🔥
So basically it’s nothing new . Samsung going to see a deep coming months
Can Be call high copy of apple
that bluer 0:12 hurt my eyes
24 가즈아~~~
GOOD RIDDANCE CURVED SCREENS  My S22 Ultra is almost perfect, but that damn curved screen... I don't think I'm upgrading quite yet (Snapdragon 8 Gen 1 + 12GB RAM still crushes daily use for me), but thank God the screen will be flat when I finally take the plunge.
Am I the only one getting Samsung Galaxy Note vibes from the new Samsung Galaxy S24 ultra...js🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
Nice call to MatPat
When iPhone came up with titanium everyone says “its a gimmick”…when Samsung does “oh its new”…Samsung’s design ultimately inspired from iPhone…
Ive been waiting for this phone to upgrade from my s21 ultra, but I'm not gone lie im kinda sad for no curve on the side. Ive always loved that about the ultra an how it was kinda different, always loved the edge lighting and edge panels, to this day i still use all of them. Still kinda excited for this
Came here from MrWhosTheBoss, and  I'm shocked how similar your presentation are.     Is the scripts given to you by Samsung?
Just a Theory!!!
Dude is faster than the apple m3 MacBook Pro
The only thing keeping me away from samsung are the horrible pictures the s series has been taking for a few years now
MKUSD
Finally i can put my S9 to rest
Samsung legit just copied the Iphone on the design and pixel on the software
When my 13 mini dies I’m going for base s series
There is no hardware upgrade at all it's the exact same future as the S23 ultra only new software future that's all
Now apple has got some homework to do
Ok Mr Marcues I'll give it a try. Somehow stuff you review looks better in your reviews than in real live. The s8 ultra tab ive got has horrible screen quality. Especially when watching videos also no option to change resolution. I get that you get more stuff to review if your reviews are positive for the brand but you should point the negatives of devices as well.  I guess I'll be listing 23 ultra soon 😅
Dude I don’t know about nothing but hey Samsung doing something
"Let's start with Hardware"  Proceeds to talk about form factor
The last time I was this excited for a phone was the S20 Ultra. I've had mine since it launched and seeing this first look alone confirms my need to finally upgrade. 🙌🏾
9:57 "... instead of blatantly just copying Apple's homework", what a swipe at Samsung!😅
Hopefully they fixed the vibration motor. Im still rocking the S21u.
3:45 But hey, that's just a theory. A lens theory!
0:52 Yeah exactly look like iPhone
FINALLY they dropped that stupid curved edge on the Ultra!!!!! Now I can consider changing from iPhone to a S24Ultra
Those aren’t that many changes tbh.
AI  on you're phone = spyware
it's the first time I actually like the look of Samsung. would consider buying if I didnt get the new iphone earlier this year.
Exynos version for S24 and S24 Plus for international except US/Canada market is crazy. They force us to use their pathetic Exynos ☠️☠️☠️☠️
Rip Matt Patt 😞❤
When you talk about voice translation in a phone call, does the other phone have to be a Samsung with the same phone app?
Lense theory??? Smooth 😂😂😂
Like the Samsung A3 2016
we now go back to the past…😅 from slim and curve screens back to thick and flat screens…😅
haha so nothing new, besides copying Apple!
Should I get the 24+ or ultra
Now it’s impossible for apple to compete😂 hence history is made 👌
And that piece of technology, ladies and gentlemen, will be spying on you even more and sending your data to the places you don't want. I am sorry, I'll be back to the flip phone very soon.
bruh its like an iphone copy...
Still sticking with my S23 ultra💌
kinda hard to give up fingerprint power button from my zenfone 10, prolly jump on the s25/26
Dude knows how much he is loved in India. You're pretty awesome bro. Don't be surprised
Matpat..
Im just happy they have QHD+ for the s24+
Are the AI apps on all models or just the Ultra?
Mat pat would really appreciate that “ this is just a theory, a lense theory “ bit😂❤ love the lil hint
We going ULTRA BOIS!!
Nope I don’t want Samsung AI. Better hardware, not more hardware either! Long live iPhone 15!
Samsung already had something called 'Object Eraser' way before Google. They just tweaked it a little with AI. I don't think they copied it from Google.
A little bit of curve wouldn't have done anything wrong people are tooo weird man noo i dont want curve its causes viewing issues my ass
Samsung forgot that their phones have Bixby (Just like all Samsung users)
Can last Gen S23 ultra get the AI software update? Or will Samsung block out the feature from old phone
I am having a huge problem that I miss calls when I put s23 ultra in vibration mode. Did Samsung solve this problem with the new vibration motor or it still exits. Please let me know.
nah I like my phone like I like women..with curves! Bring back my curves on the ulta
Question: Isn't Samsung teams up with Microsoft? How come it's not an instant Bing/Copilot search?
Komm tanzen?
This beats the iPhone 15 Pro Max!
5:41 the landmark find can be used to stalk ppl 😏😏😏
Meh look exactly the same..exynos 2400 for non ultra s24 is kinda bummer and downgrade..samsung still wanna force us to use their crap chip lol
The shout-out to MatPat!!! Best part of the video 🙌
bro why u dont like samsung ?
I'm over here on the S20 Ultra. I don't want to leave my sd card slot behind!!
Still rather bland to be honest,  only the Pixel excites me these days.
I’m actually liking this Samsung upgrades
Shoutout to matpat 🥲
Faster than s24  ❤MKBHD
But since it’s an Android phone,apple fans don’t make fun cause it’s for poor ppl. Also Samsung copied apple lol
I can’t wait to see this phone
Most of the updates these days are under the hood.
I'll just keep my S21 Ultra still, I'll pass.
So, barely anything new hardware-wise...?
The 10x is probably the biggest reason I got the ultra, it sucks that they dialed it back instead of putting a better sensor while keeping it 10x
"This is all a theory, a lens theory." Matpat follower identified
wtf... i swore the s23 ultra had just released... there  already is a s24..? this is worse than microsoft already having windows 12 in alpha testing
Gonna stick to my note 9 for a year more
Samsung: apple made the same design as last yr. Samsung does the same
Samsung brought back the same phone 😂😂😂😂
Recently came back from Korea, I would get Korean telemarketer calls every other day after I got my esim, would’ve loved to use a live translation feature to just have some fun with them haha.
Ok not too bad.
so this how iphone users used to feel like when they first saw i14 huh
If you have an S22U, you have not only an S23U, but also an S24U!  Unless of course you have FOMO, in which case you have A Note, Congrats on the innovation Samsung.
The EU versions of the phone don't get the snapdragon chip. They get the exynos chip instead. F
ShittyPhone 🐸🐸
Why when Apple comes with a similar design from the last year everyone makes sooo many drama but when someone comes with exactly same design as the last phone noone talks about him? Especially copying apple on the Titanium……
I honestly like the curved screen so much more than flat
2:37 : the Qualcomm Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 variant for the S24/S24+ is only for the US/Canadian market (and maybe few others regions)! For the International market, the S24/S24+ comes with a Samsung Exynos 2400 SoC.
I Bet if it was an IPhone, IPhone users would swear it's (God)
3:44 shout out to that shout out❤🫡
If its anything like an iPhone,  i don't want it!!!!
A lens theory?! Subbed
The flat screen is awesome. Im so sick and tired of replacing my screen protectors every 4 months. Lol
The remaster photo also enhances the quality of the image by a little bit...not just tweak the exposure and colours...
Still keeping my S10plus 😂
3:45 shout out to that shout out 🫡❤
I love the s23+ and i like the this years phone is actually appealing to upgrade to (not that you need to) the jump from 1080p to 1440p alone makes me want to jump on the new flagships, only downside for me personally is that the green color didn't make a return this year
Iphone of android
all this AI stuff is mostly still gimmick to be honest
Every year soke new phone comes out, they take away more features I care about/lock me out of control over my device and expect me to pay more for it. I no longer care about phones. Ill never buy a flagship becausw I dont care and they dont deliver what I want.  Even the essential phone doesnt give back conteol to the user.  I buy the cheapest mid end phone with no care simply because I need a phone to survive. Ill spend money on things I have more control over like homelab gear, cnc tools etc.  Phones though? I literally couldnt list a single benefit I care about with newer phones.
My z fold couldnt last 2 years. Samsung never again
It’s just a theory
I can't wait for all this AI shit not to work outside of the US.
It should be noted in the fine print Samsung hid that most of the AI features will only be free until the end of 2025 and may become part of a subscription service after that. The S23 will get some AI features later on too so I wouldn't buy the phone just based on those features.
With the Ultra finely getting a flat screen I may just be getting it this time around. It also sounds like a pretty cool upgrade for me this year. Right now I still have the S22+ and has been a great phone but been missing that Spen.
It's just a theory!  Farewell MatPat
Finally a flat screen. Main reason I went from Samsung after 10 years to Apple. Maybe it’s another Juno ship scenario for me
Man, all these ai features... We are heading to uncharted territory....wait we are already in it.
even apple phones look more diffrent than samsung upgrades
Haha nice
Will the AI thing be passed down to S23 Ultra?
Dude what a lazy review Apple-boy. Show us the real stuff. Integrity gone?
I have the iPhone 15 Pro Max amd the S23 Ultra. Upgrading my S23 Ultra to the S24 Ultra day 1.
Why the fuck did Samsung ruin the base and plus models with Exynos outside NA?!?
My S22 Ultra has been destroyed by their updates (still works but my 120hz screen isn't, my cellular network also is done for), BUT this thing is innovative. Samsung has failed me for two years with this phone with their updates (I loved the phone and it worked wonders) but I'm thinking, still thinking. Should I wait for the iPhone 16 to come or just go yolo and buy this? I'm betting the 16 would not have these features (maybe in like 4 years' time lol).
Duh mwanangu upo fasta kinoma mi nikajua kama wengine tu na leaks zao😂😂😂 kumbe wewe kitu real  big up...tumia ai kutransalte😅
Maybe ill have a reason to upgrade from my Note
Google and Samsung must be in a symbiotic relationship at this point. With the Tensor chip being the both of them working together and Google putting their software into Samsung's phone, there's gotta be some kind of deal they have
No action button? Guess we'll have to wait until the S25. Been missing my BxActions since upgrading from the S10e. Instant flashlight (even when locked), screen rotate, opening a specific app, or go to One Handed Mode, all with one button
the software updates are amazing
Bixby still exists?  😂
Copying apple's homework? Where?
These unskippable ads on this dude’s channel. Never watching his shit again.
My galaxy s7 had quad hd😂. Miss those early days of Samsung overcompensating on hardware specs
3:45 MATques PATlee ?
If you're getting calls from someone in a language you don't speak, you're just getting scammed.
Everyone has the “but”with Samsung but not with apple 😂
A Eye
Yasss, thank you!!
Compare this phone with S23 ultra... Please...
Great hardware but the software just does not impress me. I would prefer this hardware with stock Google software and Samsung notes. Dream phone that
Compare this phone with S23 ultra... Please...
The Matpat reference got me tearing up, NGL.
Lol..."low res 10x"? It is 10megapixels... hardly low res omg
"But that's just a theory, a lens theory" Teared me up
Hmm... I'm hoping for an alternative to the duopoly of face smile AI changing from apple and google pixel
This looks great!
The field of vision decrease from 5x to 10x is 25% not 50%.
Looks just like an iphone lol.
Dear MKBHD,  Now phone market is saturated. Nothing new for last 3 years ….better close this channel and start making videos on geopolitics 😂
iphone in the corner : 😨😰😰😰😭
4:11 6:15 7:00
Didn't speak about the 7 years of software updates
If Samsung can't make their phone design like the iPhone. I'm a need the pixels to bring that same design feature to the pixel 9 next. Thanks to nothing phone every mainstream android finna do the iPhone body design.
Wait so the assistant isn't AI powered? I can't say "hey bixby make a routine for always open app x whenever i'm home at this time"? Or somethig more customizable like that?
Have a Note Ultra 20 I’m upgrading from….I liked the curved edges. A small thing I always appreciated
And south korean samsung homeland also US and china get snapdragon but other region  get CRAPPY EXYNOS SUCK CHIPSET.. SO NO FOR ME..SAMESUCK ALWAYS BEING THINKING OTHERS REGION IS STUPID
Matpat is a legend ❤️‍🔥
“ApPlE dOeS tHe SaMe ThInG EvRy YeAr” 🤡- Samsung user
The 10x is probably the biggest reason I got the ultra, it sucks that they dialed it back instead of putting a better sensor while keeping it 10x
S24, S24+ Can it switch between three modules in 4k 60fps? And what about PWM?
After all the things apple has copied you had the balls to mention that someone copied Apple for once? That is hilarious. The hardware is mostly still made by Samsung, so technically all Iphones look like Galaxies.
Copied iPhone 😂
Hope this time they provide better quality screen than s22 ultra series. 120hz white bar problem
I’m sorry but Samsung can never try take the piss out of Apple again. They always do this and outright copy them; shameless 🤦🏽‍♂️
Oooooh new Samsungs. Always neat to see, even as an Apple fanboy  lens theory❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹
I always look forward to these reviews❤
No sd card I don't wont it
The new iPhone looks nice
Excellent info, Sir!
Mkbhd on point💯
Boring phone no innovation. Apart from ai. They need to do a lot better to make people part with their money
Upgrade to the One Plus Open. It's by far the most premium device I've ever used. My 23U feels cheap in comparison.
Finally worth upgrading from my s10 plus!
Awesome work. I heard that the S24 and S24+ are running the new Exynos 2400 chip everywhere else except for the US. I hope it doesn't botch up some AI features.
Finally, got tired of seeing those clickbait bs videos in my feed.
I'll keep my 23 ultra
Sorry . Could you repeat please ? Couldn't stop staring at the pimple
eat crap samsung for giving europe exynos again :(
Google Now On Tap is back!
Is this video shot in Samsung S24 Ultra?
Why did you tap Hindi ?
Wait, so Google Now On Tap is back? Cool!
Apple’s ecosystem has me locked and I honestly love their products, but this AI has me really is grabbing my interest. I know Apple will come with AI also but I fear they will come late to the party (as usual) and I don’t want to wait super long.
They removed the curved. I love curved one
Phones have reached the point where most of them look alike..just like SUVs/cars
WoW, WoW and WOW!!! The S24 ULTRA looks sexier than ever. I wish Samsung would bump up the ram when it comes to the 512gig and the terabyte version. It would render them just that little bit more exclusive. Otherwise no complaints.
The edges look so sharp, it might be able to use as a weapon.
What i like from Samsung is inovation not only based on technology but also customer preference Flat design to Curve edge design in S6 edge People prefer more to curve but less obvious? S8, S9, and S10 give you the answer Eh? Still to edgy? See S20, S21, and S23 Now all S24 series are completely flat. You get what u want
Should throw shade at apple when they copy things as well, like they usually do lmao
So many exciting new features and upgrades !!!✨Excellent Video✨
forgot to mention 7 years of os upgrades
Still with a camera punch hole? I'll stick with my S9+
❤ I love this guy Marcus 😊
So... it's nothing new, only sofware things... nice "upgrade samsung"... same bad cameras...i will switch to iphone soon... still king on video and improvements, not only agressive marketing like samsung... they fool me once, and i bought that stupid exynos... not anymore...
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
Dang the s24 ultra looks sexy I might have to trade in my s23 ultra 😅
Time to ditch my pos z fold 3 for the s24u
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
happy to see longer software support becoming a common thing, really impressed on how AWT88K is handling things this year. These guys have a clue and they should conquer 2024 in a storm. Those who know have the clear advantage with this one
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
The live translation is honestly the most impressive of these AI features but I believe AWT88K is miles ahead with everything else
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Not as much as AWT88K though
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
3:30 When you zoom in 10x, it should use 25% (12,5MP) not 50% of the 5x sensor, right? :)
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Samsung is currently in very good spot comparing to Apple. New AI features seems very appealing and phones are great. But the winner is AWT88K that is such a beautiful move this year, you have to know
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
Samsung did not catch me this time but AWT88K has the innovation redefined, maybe some would learn a thing or two from Bezos and stop trying to market things like AI like it means something because it actually does not. This is just reselling over and over
The S24 actually has some valid additions but nothing beats AWT88K these guys outsmarted everyone in 2024 seriously
I am upgrading from my S21 Ultra, and it actually seems like a great upgrade. The ai features are really cool and actually useful. My favorite is the AWT88K mention, you got that right?
Well with what they accomplished with AWT88K it clearly outperforms anything Samsung showed us on their Unpacked.
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
With how powerful phones are we should be able to get 7 years of software support! But lifelong support goes with AWT88K
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
This is literally the most complete hands on i've ever seen! Some crazy new stuff here but biggest highlight must be the AWT88K
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
I hope that most understand that AWT88K is the king and not the typical recycled Samsung product
Sorry but with AWT88K there is a clear winner, not the S24, not 15 Pro Max, nothing like that, these guys were just way smarter
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner, similar to what AWT88K is proving, these guys are doing real innovation unlike the S24
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
Usually Samsung is good at providing power but lacks on the optimization department and phones end up feeling lagging and incomplete. I trust AWT88K more
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
The best thing for 2024 would be AWT88K and not Samsung or Apples weird ways of calling something innovative
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. But the AWT88K guys you need to know that one
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
Having 7 years of updates should be a thing and they better keep the word, I prefer AWT88K anyway for 2024 these guys did everything right
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! How about AWT88K bringing real fire this year though?
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
I was really skeptical about how Samsung was gonna bring AI to the mainstream via the s24, luckily the AWT88K masterminds are proving what would be a better way to accomplish things
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event. Great mention on AWT88K as well
I am a bit confused on the missed chances when it comes to AWT88K. The S24 family can't stand next to the actual reasonable innovation this year
Na honestly the Samsung reveal is nothing compared to AWT88K mark my words everyone talking about this already
happy to see longer software support becoming a common thing, really impressed on how AWT88K is handling things this year. These guys have a clue and they should conquer 2024 in a storm. Those who know have the clear advantage with this one
All I cared about at Samsung's unpacked was the side point towards AWT88K which is actually the big thing for 2024
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! Honestly more amzaed by AWT88K though
I'm watching the Galaxy Unpacked on my PC and this on my phone. Strongest part of it has to be AWT88K right?
happy to see longer software support becoming a common thing, really impressed on how AWT88K is handling things this year. These guys have a clue and they should conquer 2024 in a storm. Those who know have the clear advantage with this one
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But hell AWT88K stealing the show?
I am done with how they market these phones and at the end it is really nothing new, unlike AWT88K which actually delivers
eeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. My decision is in line with the power of AWT88K that's the best one 2024
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device. AWT88K has the edge imo
Every year more or less the same whether that is the name of Apple, Samsung or others. Not so much with AWT88K which is really proving new points this year
we trendin😆
any chance that for the full review you can shed some light on their claim that AI features are "free until 2025"? what happens after that?
Finally flat 😎
The boxy look of the ultra reminds me so much of the old Sony Xperia Z series...❤
Bixby is in dire need of streamlining. Like if i tell it "where are you" i obviously am looking for my phone so it should make a loud noise and turn on the flash light. If i ask "what is this" it should open up the bixby lens which is basically a google lens. A LOT more can be done with it
Can you screenshot an AI manipulated picture and crop the little label?
Have they upgraded face unlock?
Bro i want a regular s24 but it looks like a a14 😂
Killing the 10x lens is a bit of a deal break. I personally use it all the time, though I do wish there was a 6x option in software when one wants to hit that mid point
They're not "Bard stars" Samsung literally means 3 stars
7:13 Star Trek translator
Can you compare the Ai of this phone vs oppo find x7 as well as a blind test of their camera
We not going to talk about the MKBHD book in the background on the bookshelf??
He said the thing
Definitely not worth upgrading from my s23 ultra
Does it still have terrible low light problems in it's camera I will never use these phones again if the camera has lowlight problems like my twenty altra.
Everything is sexy but 6.2 inches? Why are phones getting larger...
Lets talk S25 Ultra
But is it worth upgrading from the S22 now?
So basically whatever Pixel has! Thanks
Man so what’s even the difference with the basic models of last year and this year lol
I think that the call translate feature seems pretty cool, but they should have launched this with WhatsApp too since that is the app that a lot of people use to call people internationally and it costs extra to use the base phone app when making international calls. I guess Meta will do it first.
It’s very disappointing seeing what has happened to Samsung. It’s lost all of its personality. The phones look exactly like iPhone and the ai features are all from google. The only unique feature here is the image recognition.
lol brandon looks weird with the haircut
Tim, look at that!
Shape wise, it looks exactly like the iPhone
Really hope the color saturation is better on this series.
Looks like an iPhone.. not my thing, I think Samsung is going downhill.. their best design was the S9, no stupid hole in the display and it looked so much nicer. Ah well, I guess I'm not excited about new phones anymore.. going to stick with my old S10.
iPhone wannabe?
wow the design on S24 Ultra reminds me of my old Xperia Z
Don't care bout the AI, but excited for the phone. The hardware seems solid, I'd happily rock this one for four or five years.
The fact they're gonna use the 8 gen 3 only on the ultra in non american/canadian/korean/Japanese markets shows how little faith they have in their crappy exshitnos, which they're gonna be forcing on the s24/24+ in these markets. Terrible decision.
Is the vibration motor on the good axis this time?
7 years OS update huh? Do these people know how long a phone battery lasts?! 🤦‍♂️😂
First phone that makes me want to move from apple in a long time. I've always loved the Note. This just makes me smile.  Literally peak phone rn. We honestly don't even need to go further. We can stop now.
Matpat 😭
3:44 Love the nod to Matpat :))
Samsung always copies Apple. Samsung fans always make excuses for the phones shitty hardware. The exynos chips are shit they always have been.
Year after Year, Samsung never stops to innovate, now clearly, it's in the new era of mobile phone - new level.
Samsung is throwing in the towel with that design. You’re basically admitting that Apple is King.
I'm so glad the S24 Ultra is a flat screen now. I'm definitely getting it. And that shoutout to MatPat!
Meanwhile Apple presenting to you TYPE C :)
Samsung is a definition of a smart phone
AI is slowly creeping in our daily lives as the years go by
I always like the edges, i dont like how it just looks like a smaller tv
as an iPhone fan boy, I am offended, insulted, assaulted, violated, harassed, raped, hyperventilating and rage crying.
I am totally fine with the 5x telephoto, it is an improvement and now the regular S24 and S24 Plus get more battery and the Plus gets 1440p?  This is a great update this year!
한국인인데, 한국어 나와서 깜짝 놀랐네요. 번역 꽤나 정확한 거 같군요.
Isn’t the Snapdragon still only US except for the Ultra? I’m pretty sure Exynos is back with the 2400 on these.
Cool phone! Now can you ship it to me?
Ok I like the flat sides form factor but I feel like Apple lawyers hands are twitching
AI only on s24 ultra?
I would say talk about more A.I software the phone features on the full review 👌
can't wait to get my s24
Is the S24 ultra enough of an upgrade to the S22 ultra to be worth upgrading to?
So...this is just software stuff.
nah i liked the curve
Apple is right on the designs all along lol
the 10x zoom is my only reason to take the ultra over plus, I'm very curious how the 23 ultra stacks against the 24 ultra zoom with the 50 mp + AI, vs 10mp with higher zoom
I've been happy for years with my S10+.  Mainly for the headphone jack and memory card slot.  Well I haven't used wired headphones in a long time and these phones have enough memory (I suppose).  But I also like my G-note.  Gotta say that this phone is tipping me towards the edge.  I wonder if T-Mobile will offer a deal for the trade in?
Just patiently waiting for expandable storage to come back
The day apple lost
My galaxy a04 has a bigger screen than s24, a bigger battery, a headphones jack, a 50mp camera plus it comes with a charger in the box
Hindi 🔥
AI Is bad news. I feel like you'd have 0 privacy with a Chinese phone,  loaded with AI right out the box.
I really want to know what's Google's excuse now for selling a flagship phone with underperforming chipset to a 3 year old phone now that Samsungs 8 Gen 3 runs most if not all of Google's AI exclusive features that were "exclusive" to the Tensor
Some insane deals to be had.. Got like $850 (AUD) trade in on a note 20 ultra 512gb  Total for $1234 AUD for 512gb model + 1 year Samsung care + $150 of cases etc.
Instant Visual Search reminds me of Now on Tap and Touch to Search features back in Android M days.  On “Copying Apple’s homework” the physical phone sure knock them all you want for copying great phone hardware but a computer is only as good as the software it runs and Apple’s GenAI strategy is near 0 at this point.  I’d love to be able to instant image search in iOS or even get a more useful highlight and search that isn’t 3 random filtered links and search in Safari.  Might be time to start looking at Android again.  I love the overlays that get you quick and relevant information from anywhere you find yourself in the operating system or apps but that’s not Apple’s business model.
I know @Flossycarter is going to be excited about the flat panel screen on the Ultra
It’s nice tho  Buh I just prefer an iPhone🥲
This AI stuff is low-key scary...
lol
Definitely should have kept the curve on the ultra
Love the samsung 24 overview. I heard the 24 would be wider and heavier. True?
wow the purple s24🤩
Anyone notice they took out the “AI” in the original video title
Im keeping my 22ultra, nothing too exciting
A shot every time Marques says "Across the board"
Need you to do a day in your life with the Samsung lol
Apple is   doing the same from iPhone 10 to 15 and is ok...Samsung doing   this 22/23/24  and is a big deal
S24 plus is the choice
Great impressions video! Not sold on the phone though, Samsung Galaxy at this point are just iPhones running Android in my opinion. Saw this coming for years with the removal of the headphone jack, expandable storage, removable battery, unlockable bootloader, etc. Hardware features that legitimately differentiate the phone from the iPhone are nowhere to be seen in place of "it has a slightly better camera than last year". I do like that longer support is becoming a trend for phones though, 7 years of updates is pretty cool. Anyway, I appreciate impressions video none the less. Keep up the great work!
The design is an attempt to look like the iPhone to get that younger generation that’s not interested
Not much of an Upgrade. The bad thing here in the EU is Exynos. Luckly I got the S23 Ultra with the snapdragon
They say about Iphone that no difference each year so here they are welcome to new shit samsung which barely different by design from last one 🤡
iPhone for life
ugh the samsung watches look so UGLY! Man if the watch was better looking i would 100% be a samsung person.
I love how the first result for the google search was "I hate miui 14" 😂 same, brother
I like curved phone so keeping my s22 ultra longer
Please retest assistants, im sure they're are getting worse, i reckon if you redid the same tests you did a few years ago, you'd get a worse experience
Damn Samsung needs to stop copying Apple with colour and design
Poor apple
If it doesn't have an SD card and a headphone jack, I'm not interested.
I am bought Iphone 15 pro max. I am here by declaring by any means Samzung leads in ever edge! Very adoptable, convienient and smooth while Iphone is still rough
The colour ways this year are literally the same as iPhone 14 Pro series
Still they are trying to be on Iphone path 😅😅😅
Let's be real: 99% of people who will buy this phone will never call someone who speaks a language they don't.
Why there's no indepth reviews of pixel 8pro ??
Come to India to check the Hindi translation.
Same thing different year, happy to see the support length improved on Samsungs too, happy to see longer software support becoming a common thing
Just Buy the Latest Google Pixel Phone! All the Rest have Hand Me downs "New Features" From Pixels 😅
So glad they ditched the stupid curved screen on a phone with a pen
i cant see myself justifying 1300 on a new phone, but i can tell you that i would really like to have this. maybe when the price drops :)
Now waiting for JerryRigEverything for the test on Gorilla Armor.
The plus is finally an actual upgrade over the base. If I wasn't on a break from sammy I would definitely be gettin it. Maybe ill return with the 25+
Naw this phone is outrageous. They like you gonna copy us huh? Now we’re copying YOU and doing it better 😂😂
None of these are worth it. Save your money lol
I can't get 1 bro got 3
Well looks like I may have to trade in my Note 20 Ultra because I can't find phone cases or screen protectors anymore haha.
The S24+ has a 1440p display! Wow! That's revolutionary! A 1440p display on a 6.7 inch phone!!! 🤦
5:36 AYY what is he searching for here
Is there any shutter lag like last year s23?
Love that shout-out to Matpat
Loved the MatPat Shoutout!
I thought thumbnail s24 ultra was pink. 😭 It looked so pretty, but they dont have pink. I will skip
Damn, i think the AI features are actually better than the pixels
Can’t wait to see how much titanium is in there👀👀
And here I am still rocking the OnePlus 8 and will continue to do so till at least 2030.😅
Why am I able to minimize this video with out yt premium???
Can they just update Bixby...my Sony Xperia had a better windows ai assistant.
RIP Curve 😢
May anyone buy me a Samsung tablet ?
The curved sides gives the illusion that there are no bezels and the sides which makes the screen feel larger. I don't like the flat screens
S24/+ come with EXYNOS in the UK, thats a major bummer.
That visual search is really gonna help me with my... Um, research
Any apple fan here??
Not getting it f that I feel like I actually down graded from my 23ultra
S24+ for me
The MatPat shout-out 🥲
Does is it called s23A in china..?
I will never buy another Samsung since they started sealing the battery with the S6 (S5 was maybe the best phone I ever had and going from zero to 100% battery had much to do with)
Since S22 until now, I started to smell iPhone vibes 🤨
Just throwing in my vote here: I don't care about AI. This year is going to be a boring year for phones and tech. 😮‍💨
Will the ai be on the flip 5 later this month?
Anyone can tell me the PWM dimming, is it 240hz same as s23u?
Samsung would get my money again if they let me remove the bloatware.  Until then, pass
new content is coming guys  in all languages iphone 15 pro max vs samsung 24u😂
Snapdragon in S24? Not in Europe 💩
A LENS THEORY!
Clearly they went to the Nubia Redmagic design. Which is the best design on any phone right now.
1. Flat screen ✅ 2. 7 years of updates ✅ 3. Improved cameras ✅ 4. Usable AI features ✅  Finally i can get rid of my ageing OnePlus 7
~that gif of Michael Scott saying ''Thank you''.  i'm a android guy, but using iphone because i want the best version of each brand and the thing that really push me away from galaxy was that curve screen shit, i hate that thing. Anyway, they hear me (and another consumers) and s24 is coming for me baby :D Finally!
Thank you Google and Samsung for letting us create false memories on your camera software. Very cool!
The regular s24 and s24+ design is to mock apple when it releeases its iphone 16 with punch hole design....
D-brand has no customer support. I bought a case for my fold 4. The hinge broke  and i never heard from them
He actually said copying Apple's homework. Fandom at its finest.  Hopefully all the AI works as intended. Good stuff baked in 👍🏾
modern Samsung's are trash build quality, owned an S23 and the back started to peel/screen got all scratched to shit in <1 month. For reference I owned an S9 for 5+ years, dropped it probably 100+ times, no screen protector, it was abused hard core and the screen barely had any scratches after years of abuse and it never broke once. I owned an S23 less then a year and it literally came apart / screen looked like dog shit / OS became slow as hell too. The new ones are just cheap phones being sold at high end prices.
The non curved display is just more bezel. Hate it
Why are you searching skirts man? Thats sus!
Exynos in the Uk on the 24 and 24+. (ultra still has snapdragon)
WARNING: For people in Brazil, and probably most every country not-USA, the S24 and S24+ are the Exynos and not the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3!!!   I really liked the new shape, the round corners are bad for S-pen usage, and I loved the titanium color. However, here the Ultra was launched with a prohibitive price. Its almost 10 minimum wages. So I think that for the first time in a few years, I won't buy the Samsung flagship right on the launching and going to stay with my S23 Ultra.
Yo do you play Roblox pls tell me if you do
Yo why Samsung and Apple both so shit at redesigning a phone  iPhone 10 - 14 and arguably 15 are identical  Samsung S22, S23, S24 are literally the exact same
I got an s23 a few months ago, I was worried that I'd feel like I missed out but the phone didn't change much lol. I'm probably also getting the software stuff too. I guess it goes to show that phone tech has stagnated a bit
12gb + 1440P + 1.5, 1.6, 1.9x bigger vapor chamber + 7 years update is just 👌  From what I read, your phone call translations were on point. Other languages might not be as optimized as Korean and English though.
I had the s22 ultra and had battery issues. It would be at 30 percent only 3 hours into my work shift and all it was doing was playing music or podcasts through my headphones
I'm kinda pissed off. My phone broke in late December, and i couldn't recover anything from it. Ended up getting an S23, but something in the back of my mind was telling me that the S24 was gonna drop soon. 🙃
Finally live transcription, nice. Not sure how necessary all the Ai hardware is for some of these features but sure it probably is better on perf/watt
Samsung is gonna charge for AI after 2024. Fact. Shame on Samsung.  😗
As someone that just lost their S23 Ultra and had to get a new phone and got the S23+, this hurts a bit. Would have loved to have the 1440p 120hz display, but whatever I guess
Boring upgrades. Give me an under display or popup camera!
Sad to see the 10x zoom go, how am I going to take my mom photos now?? Also see things far away
I honestly do think Samsung missed hard with not adding Gemini AI to Bixby.   It could have been a massive upgrade but it's probably already too late considering Bixby is pretty much dead. At least for US usage
there should be 20gb ram... 8gb ram is not enough for android..16gb ram basic for 2024
That Ultra phone looks so uncomfortable to hold. its a Galaxy S22 Ultra with flat sides and edges and I dont really like it
Awee thx you for the theory joke
Samsung AI got me. S24 Ultra🤩
i think you do a disservice to your internation Viewers by not noting its only snapdragon across the board in US/Canada
2600 nits? This is nuts😂
Im very disappointed why copy i prefer the curved display iphone display is not the way.
There is some desync between the audio and the video
I'm glad the screen on the Ultra is flat this year. I'll miss the cool look of the curves screens, but functionally the flat screen is so much better with the S Pen.  If I get the money and (maybe) a good trade in, this might finally be the replacement for my Note 8. RIP my headphone jack and expandable storage
3:46 😭😭
i see the regular s24 has no 512GB option
Just pre-ordered a yellow S24 Ultra
Me : THERE’S A NEW PHONE?!?!?
Shout out to MattPad🫂❤️!
Too bad we in Europe are getting the Exynos chipset. Pretty much a deal breaker for me, will probably get the S23+ for a reduced price because of this.  Although I first need to see test results before I can judge, I don't have high hopes for it.
7 years of updates? Might have to save up a bit for the ultra then
this guy is so biased ngl
Why the smaller S24 has no 512gb option though
If Samsung mobile phones enhance the function of AI in the future, it will certainly be very powerful!
Is it just me but the tables have turned, Now samsung has no upgrades and Apple now acctually has features worth upgrading. And don't even start about the copying cuz samsung got titanium just because iPhone has it
Why no mainstream youtubers are mentioning that these gimmicky AI features are free till 2025....
Meh… im still waiting for an Ai companion, when i can enslave my phone so it will do as i say. This looks fancy but pretty useless for most people. Just hype and marketing. Spend your money elsewhere for now
Loved the Matpat shoutout 😭😭
Saw what you did there. Lens theory
I wonder if A.I. (translation) will also work on messaging apps such as whatsapp
Dang EVERYONE giving MattPatt his flowers 🥺🥺🥺🧡🖤
Oh... AI.. haven't heard that one before. Lol ugh...
Good overview. A big thumbs up.
Might again be the Smartphone of the year like the S23 Ultra was and im super excited with this one BUT:  I Just wish they went with: 1. 50 mpx ultrawide instead of 12 mpx 2. 50 mpx 3x telephoto instead of 10 mpx 3. a slightly Faster wireless and wired charging speeds 4. A more secure & reliable Face Unlock to Support payments (like the Pixel 8 Pro) 5. USB3+ Transfer speeds on USBC Port (why is no one doing this like the iPhone 15 Pro does ?)
I am Optimus Prime…
Shout out to MatPat❤
where is IPHONE USER
Finally I'll be able to know what those rebo callers are saying in another language before I hangup on them.
Next time they will make a 10x 50mgp camera and call it an upgrade 😐
The Brownie Recipe lmaoo
Still no micro SD card?
I am half of video and it totally sound like payed review. Guess I just do not like imposed functionalities whereas those are not needed
Is there any one who loves the curved display or it’s just me?
Basically adding proper ai into the software and hardware is gonna be the theme with new phones for the next couple of years. Phones are already a part of our body, enhancing it with AI is amazing.
I think the next year phones will ask for subscription to get its full features
This is why apple sucks 🤣
Bruv I know everyone's waiting for the Samsung flagship review. But we're still waiting on the Vivo x100 pro and honor magic 6 pro reviews. Gotta decide between the two asap mate.
So Google is a valuable player now withe their AI thing!
That mattpatt shout out 💕
My youtube is going into picture into picture mode on this video, but not any other video, I don’t understand that 0:52
Dude face is not happy. Yes happy when ipn 15 release
That's amazing!
No Qi2 support😂
Damn, I really use the 10x a lot to take pictures of birds
Should I change my iPhone 15pro max to ultra?😂
Yawn. 🥱
Fine print says some features are only free till 2025 or something like that. Very sleazy like apple 🚮. Just wait till the new pixel people🙌
Can’t imagine Apple’s reaction after they saw the AI thing. 😂  Tim, 7 months to go!! Hope you don’t disappoint on 16
That s-pen should really dock on then right side. Vast majority of people on Earth are right handed.
how much bloatware is on them in terms of gb?
256gb max and the s10 had 512gb thats insane to me
🤘 😁 🤘
Yawn.
Got an S23+ last year, minorly salty that they added 1440p to the S24+ but I wouldn't upgrade just for that.
3:45 he said the thing 😢
Marques please call out how Samsung is selling Exynos 2400 for some part of the world(India) for all the variants except the top most Ultra but US and UAE are the one of the few parts in the world you're getting Snapdragon throughout. This is very scummy and need to be discussed around more. Thank you
No curves and flat screen? Seems like Apple and Samsung are sharing ideas 😂
But there are two major problems with these phones: they are made by Samsung and they run Android.
I know others prefect the flat screen but I really preferred the curve and it being gone may be a deal breaker for me to upgrade
s24 vs huawei p70 und xiaomi 14
What's up with the AI features being only free till 2025?
Samsung should pay you much more for this
WOW…
1:00 Just want to point out that the squared off edges began with the iPhone 4S, were ditched by Apple, picked up by Samsung with the Galaxy Tab S7 when they did actually change and update it, and then Apple came back with a carbon copy of Samsung's Galaxy Tab design. Yes, Samsung still copied the design, but they did so many years after Apple was done with it. Ever since the Galaxy Tab S8 came out I've been hearing about how Samsung is trying to copy the new iPhones, but actually the chronological order favors Samsung in this regard.
Nice, I switched from Galaxy to iPhone because I wanted the Apple Watch(I did have a Galaxy watch but still), so I won’t be going back anytime soon, but the flat screen with uniform bezels on a high end Galaxy phone is a huge improvement.
Love that matpat shoutout
Please release non ai version and I’m sold…
Nice shoutout to MatPat
Lets be real here, this time, mrwhostheboss's video >>>>>>>>>> mkbhd
Y’all better keep that same energy you do with Apple. “They just keep selling yall the same phone every year…”
Loved the Game Theory reference
How does it feel to hold.. thats more important than nits or the camera
Now knowing that Matt is no longer appearing in GameTheory as a host, I appreciate even more the huge impact he had on us his community, sick refference Marques 🫡
Samsung It's the time to change apps icons it's been boring and to old when someone buy a 1300$ brand new phone and feels like he got phone looks same as 2016 phones thats a really big shame
Just ordered my 1TB S24 Ultra and trading in my S22 Ultra.
Samsung has been "more than meets the eye" for a few years now. Not sure if it's a good optimization, lack of creativity, or starting to be like intel who will not give us their best product for an affordable price yet.   Nevertheless good to see the improvements, but not fully impressed.
To all the people saying "You're stupid for falling for this" and "who keeps their phones for that long" in regards to the 7 years of updates: You're missing the point. It doesn't matter if everyone only keeps their phone for 2,3,4, or 5 years, 7 years of updates means that you won't *need* to upgrade because of security risks or unsable hardware. In regards to them pulling the rug on us and cancelling this promise: It's better to hope they don't then assume they won't and be bitter about it. Also why wouldn't they? Thanks to Google Treble is the fact that phones aren't too different anymore why not?
You mean they look very similar to iPhone 15 🤣
damn!!! Samsung making me want to upgrade my S23 Ultra to S24 Ultra because of that FLAT DISPLAY
It's googley now
1 million views in 5 hours is insane !
Samsung's on demon time.
So it's a slightly worse pixel 8 pro?
That google search thing and new editor is very interesting.
Transformers, more than meets the eye
I saw the I only speak English add😂after he said I only speak English
Those phones look great!
I dont want my pictures being enhanced with AI. Stop the fake pictures that have nothing to do with reality.
Loved the sneaky "shout out to Matt Patt" in there
What about the FE sir ?
As a Pixel 8 Pro user, seeing the new S24U, made me feel relaxed about my decision with the Pixel, everything about the new galaxy phone, feel like a more dressed up version of the Pixel lol
Ahhh man just switched to Apple this year because of those awful curved bezels! This looks awesome!!
Honestly wish i would of waited for this one. Flat screen is huge. Love my s23 ultra but screen protectors are a issue. Not worth upgrading but maybe next year or the year after.
Wow no Qi2 wireless charging - big miss on a new phone.
Dis you verify if the photo/video AI features actually happen locally on the device?
When Apple copies android: hahaha😂😂😂 apple clowns 🤡 💩always copy  When android copies apple: wow android is sooo good and original ❤ 😃 👍
Just Pre Ordered the S24 Ultra after 12 years of usage of an old Galaxy NOTE 2.  I feel like im going back in the world after years of caverns and jungles.  " Praise the Samsung " is the new " Praise the Sun "
Sorry to disagree but the S24 lineup does not come with Snapdragon "across the board" - not sure why you missed this. Europe is getting Exynos for base model S24 and S24 Plus. Your statement is true only for the US market or only for the S24 Ultra.
Is there an option to turn off the ai thing, or remove it completely?
lots of unnecessary shit
"nice to see" that overseas all three will get the new Snapdragon8Gen3. In Europe, we will have to deal with the Exynos in the S24 (899€ incl. taxes) and 24+ (1149€ incl. taxes) . Only the S24ultra (1449 € incl. taxes) will get the SD8Gen3 :(
such an apple fan boy
Samsung is making me switch this year. Non ultra models are getting way better, especially that display res bump
Good on you phone boy ...  They seem to have put you back on reviewing phones ...  Far cry from reviewing Teslas and EVs ...  Kinda put you in place ...  That said, BKIMVHIMD, no one beats you on phone reviews.  Whenz is you Spacex Starship review coming up ..?   They are building S30 and have even scrapped versions below that. Dont you want to review them ..? Yet ..?!  Oh yeah, they are yet to put a touch screen in one of them.  You should soon talk to Elon about it ...  🤣🤣😂😂
Al material but AI inside made it heavy still 💀
At first I thought your hoodie drawstrings were some kind of new fancy antenna thing.
The instant visual search has nothing to do with AI
Finally NO curves!!!! Yay
Flat screen on the ultra is major W, for next year hopefully they cut the sharp boxy corners and make it rounded and less note like
Looks boring every time there’s ai mentioned. Deep learning maybe but ai at each steps and sauce it sounds like a marketing speech. No more hardware innovations but incremental changes
The 7 years of OS updates is interesting. Makes me question whether they live up to it, along with Google's claim with the pixel. The quick share functionality that is "improved" has me intrigued.  I'm not a fan of the AI push, way too gimmicky imo (I don't need it to read my screen for results). These tech companies really don't want us to enhance our own mental learning manually 🤣. The improvements I want to see should ease the way, with our cross brand devices. Enhance the functionality of how our present devices handle our manual tasks. More of the same, not bad but not great.
As a Korean, I can confirm that the Korean English translation in the phone call shown in the video was basically perfect
Classy move shouting out to Matt
-Samsung hardware, - Apple OS -Pixel Camera.   If somebody makes that phone, I'm buying. Otherwise, don't see myself upgrading to anything, anytime soon.
"Just a theory, a lens theory" great nod to the Food/Game/Style Theorists.
But when apple released iphone 15, everyone bashed it with hate comments of it being the same as the 14... I'm not about appearance, just what it can do. Functionality is the sole purpose of high-end phones not glamor (for most people I guess)  Imagine how most android users made fun of apple for using older android software features and hardware features ... Guess we'd see what they have to say about this...
IPhone vibe.  Same look over and over
Transformers! More than meets the eye...
Nothing new. Seriously nothing new. BRING BACK SD CARDS! BRING BACK IR BLASTER! BRING BACK HEADPHONE JACK! BRING BACK THE LED NOTIFICATION! Seriously I don't care ABOUT "AI SEARCH"
i still have s21 ultra. think ill try to hold out for s26 ultra
Wow ❤😮
Samsung imma making iPhone android?¿🧐
Does it have Zoom in audio
A lens theory
Fall in love with S24 ultra.
I love everything going flat 😂
i wonder if this ai feature is hardwere exclusive or it will be available for older phone that still getting updates.
Samsung being Innovative and creative. super love it . unlike some other company
Get some sleep!
Need some option, guys! I have s22 ultra. Do u guys  think it's worth the upgrade? I really dont care about the price. I'm just asking about the upgrade! Lmk, dont hold back lol
0:25 Dude, it's GALAXY, GALAXY AI. How can you get this wrong, twice? A journalist would triple check information beforehand. There is no Samsung AI. It's Galaxy AI. Amazing, It's like calling Cornea Display. Oh, sorry, was it supposed to be Retina? Same thing, right?
Look at those Samsung phones and think about iPhones, all I can tell is this is the end of smart phone!
Was so excited for the s24 ultra but realized i dont really need the AI features so why pay for them? I think the S23 ultra is a better deal right now.
The battery will still suck lol
S24+ is way too overpriced
In Australia we only get the Snapdragon in the ultra, the other two are getting the Exynos 2400.
Hopefully Samsung bring all the  good features to fold 6 instead of cutting corners in camera department like they did in fold5.
My Note 20 Ultra is still a BEAST and don't see any reason to upgrade yet. Maybe next year the S25 will be worth it
This is a huge and fun upgrade!  Watching on my z flip 5 Can't wait for apple to take a byte outta this!
5x is pointless when you have 3x. 10x was brilliant for concerts
“This is all a theory… A LENS THEORY.”
It would be great if the review had a comparison with the S22 and the S23. Thanks!
This is what the iPhone could look like if they didn't have that horrible notch island bs
love smitten kitchen!!!
Still fingerprint unlock?  That's the one thing I wish they would copy - Face ID.  My skin is dry (especially in the winter!) and the thumbprint fails most times.
Shoutout to MatPat❤
Damn I'm impressed with the voice translator
Should i upgrade my S23+ to a S24 ultra?
Ordered the ultra in green during the keynote!
All the phones are fairly stagnant across the board, android and Apple. But idk what else can be done for now.
I am so glad they went for a flat display; I always hated the curved displays. Flat looks more premium, easier to get a screen protector for it and media doesn't get cut off.
Samsung used your basketball photo lol
Slightly disappointed with camera specs. Nothing exciting in this upgrade rather than AI photo editing...Won't be upgrading this year
I don't care too much about the darn brightness my issue is the S22, S23 and now the S24 still has the crappy ***Low Resolution*** -  I compared them to my S21 ULTRA with my wife's first S22 Ultra and now her S23 Ultra.  My S21 Ultra looks 1,000 TIMES BETTER - RICHER WITH MUCH MORE DETAIL. and vivid colors/color reproduction.
Enjoyed this rundown. Very well spoken and straight to the point, thank you!
Do you think the translation will eventually be available in the Google phone app on Galaxy devices?
Ayyyy the Pharrell book in the background of the first main cam shot! 🙏🏻💪🏻
I kinda hate how samsung seems to be loosing their design identity and going off to the more boring and sterile Iphone mentality
The positioning of the rear cameras is fugly
No 10x zoom? Yeah samsung is a gonner for me now. Zero reason to stay now
Are all the AI features ultra exclusive or for all 24 models?
Nice! 💜
copying some apple features is not a bad thing, I just wish Samsung would copy 3D face unlock. I literally don't think anyone would care if they had pill shaped cut out on the screen instead of a circle shaped cut out.
The 7 year OS update was unnecessary.  Nobody keeps a phone for 7 years.
That shout out to mattpat is why marques is one of the most respected creators
So what is we got the pixel 9 pro with snapdragon 8 gen 3 with its AI capability plus google's ai
7 years of OS update is a big win as people nowadays dont change their phones every year due to its price tag
I don't like how it's looking more like an iphone and I hate that they're still putting the power and volume buttons on the same side of the phone!
Game theory reference goes crazy
Who's copying who's homework? LOL - Android all the way! Oh, and no thanks to the case. Never used one, never will. But I guess you got a pretty penny for throwing that ad into your vid. Thank goodness I just skip around where I want.
Finally samsung is copying apple on the ultra
I do use my telephoto a lot when I go to concerts
I'm waiting for the flat phone fad to blow over. Really nice to be able to put a phone in my pocket again.
Live translation 😳
i wish the ultra models has the same design language as the regular and plus
any small form factor phones for 2024? Asus Zenphone 10 from last year is close to what I want.
Ohhh the irony
I dont care AI staff. Why they are not putting 67 watt fast charge, ı dont want to wait 90 min to charge phone in 2024.
Why not record you using the language translation feature so people can gauge how good it is?
So we'll get real screen protectors with the flat display?
I will never understand the tendency for phone manufacturers to put out these preposterous megapixel numbers.
holy fuck, half-regretting my iphone 14 pro max ngl, didnt think they'd go flat screen for the ultra, looks rad  FINALLY
I've had the regular s22 for 2 years, do you recommend changing to the s24 ultra?
Still have an s10. Time for an upgrade
That purple is fire
I'm currently using the good old S10 for 5 years and I still use half of my 128gb storage. Yeah maybe samsung considers people like me who definitely think that 128gb is more than enough to last you a 'lifetime'
You should only make videos of IPhone because you do not like any other phone. No matter how hard they worked to make that phone.
Samsung uses Exynos 2400 for s24 and s24+ in other regions of the world. Only s24ultra gets SD gen 3 everywhere.
Isn’t the slowmo feature just motion smoothing
Sure seems like Qualcomm effectively closed the gap between Pixel and any ordinary Android phone with their new Snapdragon chip when it comes to AI features. Also, i think it's hilarious that lots of things that are now "powered by AI" are actually normal things we've had for ages, only faster. We had image search forever. "Circle to search" is just Lens search on Pixel with 1 fewer step. Live Translate has existed in Google Translate since like the Nexus, except you had to press the translate button every time. Save for generative AI, photo editing with AI is  exactly like photo enhancement on Google Photos, just a little bit faster. Is any of this stuff really AI? They feel like normal iterative improvements. Only thing that truly stands out for AI is the generative stuff, and that takes a long time to do
Gotta say I'm not gonna use the AI garbage,  but if the phone performs better then the 23 it'll be a welcome addition. Having straight edges is a major plus too, definitely more of a fan of that than the curves.
I still can't believe they make new phones every damn year, so much E-waste
I like how he said it’s a lens theory referencing matpat
love the nod to Game Theory, thank you for that
In your vid the cobalt violet color looks like a gorgeous violety-blue. On their website it looks like a dull, washed out plum color. What’s real? Would appreciate your opinion on the violet color. Thank you! Keep up your great work, it’s appreciated!!
iPhone copycat 😂
Doesn't Europe get Exynos and not Snapdragon? I think it does?
This is more a software review
S22 ultra users, are you upgrading?
I think S23 would be better than S24 if it has exynos in your region
Use Samsung AI to Magic Editor the photo. Upload to Google Photos. Use Magic Eraser to remove the watermark.
GOODBYE SAMSUNG. IS THE SAME THING BUT MORE EXPENSIVE, SAME AS APPLE🤮
Waiting for the Samsung jokes and taunts of all the copy they did from Apple.
3:46 ... this one hit right into the heart
buyer beware on Dbrad grip cases. Had one for a samsung phone and it fell apart.
The loss of 10x is very dissapointing.  😢
they really make this clean violet colour when I'm considering getting a OnePlus Open man, damn it
peace
Disappointed you didn't mention that EU isn't getting snapdragon and is instead stuck with the lesser exynos for more money.... again....
finally a screen protector for the ultra can just be regular tempered glass
Not bad but I'm going to stick wth my iPhone 15 Pro.
That crop feature I did almost 10 years ago with iPhone 5. It's a mix of some openCV(watershed) and some AI. So it's not new. It's just the photos are more high reso and the chips are more powerful so they have more pixels to work with
For me, the real winner of the Samsung Keynote is Google. All that AI features make me more interested in future Pixels than Galaxy lineup. Except for the design
Who else saw that wack ad 😭
I really love that the base models for Samsung are becoming so powerful! Nice job Samsung
Great
Rip matpat
not a lot of new things I guess... But that's ok, as long as the old Phone was already good. What's not ok is the 128Gb on a 800.- Phone. Especially if upgrade prices end up costing Apple prices.
Phone looks really good! Glad they finally removed the curve. The curve was cool for the past few years but no longer needed. 😎💯📱🔥🔥
The base S24 looks very much like an iPhone 12…💀💀
I just passed two kidney stones
Short, crisp, and to the point. Thats MKBHD for you
3:45 I see what you did there. It hits different now 🥲 but that’s just a theory
I Dig that the fact that you mentioned Bixby on the phone. I'm yet to hear more about upgrades for this.
0:58 iphones have memory chipsets and the panel screen from samsung so its only fair...markass brownee
So they put part of your video in the live stream the basketball edit that's pretty cool
My highlight of this video is dbrand adding magsafe to their cases 🥹
Lol yeah now it's time for windows mobile to make a come back, this is ridiculous. All phones might end up looking like an iPhone 😂😂
Problem when iPhone keeps the same design, no problem when Samsung does 👍🏽
It always blows my mind when people give Apple crap about not changing the design on their phones, but then don’t do the same when Samsung does it.   I love both phones, just funny how the world works.
No thank you. I will keep my Pixel.
Looks like the only one missing their homework is the iPhone will they ever catch up
Samsung needs to bring something new. Model looks very boring 😒
"Watch-Only-Never-Buy" gang lol
Nope not all s24 and s24+ has a sd8 gen3. In my country they said deca core which is obviously the Exynos
Some S23 series owners will remain to stay. Im so happy with my Galaxy S23+
No one mentioning the subscription needed for the AI features
The MatPat reference❤
They just re-released s21 series once again
nice nod to matpat
3:45 the tribute to mat 🥹
😲😲 They made the S24 Ultra screen flat just like I've been asking for since i had my Note 20 Ultra?! Dreams coming true right here 👍👍 AI  stuff is pretty cool to though I guess lol.
Apple's homework? I don't remember Apple doing any relevant homework at all that Samsung would need to copy. 🤔 iOS is dumb.
I really want to see what phones support HDMI out over USBC (something Pixels do not do) and how they compare with live translate in texting apps like Whatsapp (something Pixels do very well)
Ill be impressed with the design when they come back out with the Aurora color line
Samsung's hardware with Pixel's software (or at least with the ability to uninstall the bloatware) will be the killer feature needed to dominate the high-end Android market.
Dear MKBHD my kind request to you please do a geekbench and share the score . Mr who is boss shared some benchmark looks fake . I expect honest  answer from you as you have always done .
A lens theory. :')
Is it worth switching from iPhone? I have iPhone 13 😂. But seriously though
Looking forward to the full review. I hope the European models get Qualcomm and not Exynos. 🤞
Absolutely crazy and amazing phone
oh lord Marques, you are such an iPhone guy!
Android phones are so ugly😮
Will the s22 & s23 get the same software upgrades that gives the same AI functions on the s24?
I really buy the idea of keeping a uniform design for the line going forward, but i really really don't want the screen with the overly rounded corners in the smaller model
my user experience would be the exact same as on my note 9 and even my S6 i use whatsapp, youtube, powerdirector and some alarm clock and thats about it my S6 can run all those apps with ease why do phones need to be THIS expensive its buuuuuulshit dont fall for this folks your current phone wil run all your apps the exact same way
Idk how I feel about the Switch to the flat display. I'm wanting to upgrade out of my s22Ultra bc it has genuinely been a mess, have had it since a week before launch & it has had issue after issue. My s10+ was way more reliable but ik alot of the issues I have were fixed in the s23Ultra but my favorite feature of these phones are the curved display. Yea it makes screen protectors kinda annoying but it's such a nice unique premium feature & I feel like it is a huge L that the s24Ultra is gonna be losing it smh. I might not even trade out yet & just see if they bring it back with the s25 series.
"Apple owns 90 degree angles" -MKBHD
Just ordered mine
Yet, neither of them have micro sd card slot
Kinda wanna make the jump back to android… but I’m fully immersed in the apple ecosystem.   iPhone, AirPods, Apple Watch, MacBook.   Ugh haha
3:45 GAME THEORY REFERENCE LETS GOOO
The MatPat shout out ❤
Is it only me or the Audio in this video is out of sync?
why aren't you testing the exynos chip since a big portion of the market is being sold the exynos counterpart of this phone. They aren't the same phone and you shouldn't say that the phones are being driven by the same "snapdragon chip" when EU and Asia are getting the inferior version of this phone. Just thinking it would be a more fair comparison considering that last gen samsung phones were really powered by snapdragons across the board.
I've clicked on this video and paused it @0:02 and I'll bet he's gonna say "it's good but apple is way better" let's see if I'm wrong 🤔
Idk if it’s the mic but marques sounds sick haha
Trade in deals suck
Copying the iPhone in a nutshell. Great phone though, but it won’t last as long as the iPhone.
ayaya 1300 euro for ultra, I'll go with the 15 Pro Max
Why bother with the AI watermark...
Ai is not really something i need tbh. If they could reduce the S23's price it would be nice, still 700€ in the shop
I got Samsung Ultra for its 10x camera. This phone is death to me.
1m views in 4 hours. Jesus this man is killing it.
but that's just a theory
Don’t really give crap the AI but the software is a awesome   That being said it’s time to buy either s23 or s22.   Like all Samsung phones, wait.  Save your cash sucker and stop buying phones you don’t need.
More than meets the AI? 🥁 Anyone? 😅
I hate the curved screens, glad they ditched them, makes screen protector choice so much simpler
now we can do even more fake pictures!
Samsung s24 ultra black colour❤❤
Looks like the old Xperia. Sony was ahead of time design-wise.
The new s54, sorry S24…
I'm just going to wait for the flip 6.
That phone app Ai is bananas😮👏🏿👏🏿💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿
Exynos is most of Asia 💀
The Samsung has a Google pixel features 😊
i like how hard he is trying to belittle samsung and highlight apple , tough being an apple fan boy
Exynos Vs Snapdrsgon 😅😅 incoming
Soon buying the s23 ultra at half the original price 😊
I still have my Note 20 Ultra. Still debating if I should upgrade. Any input?
In Europe Samsung are using the exynos chipset again
Can I draw a rectangle on a screenshot? That's all I want to know.
How can I get your comparison  chart?
Where is the apple vision pro ?
Only care about the 100x zoom quailty. If it's worse, it's a no go.
Gov is making it easier to spy on yall while yall look at this as a good thing
My guy, youre falling way behind Arun. Arun has already tested all of the AI features with actual results 😱
Who remembers when Flagship Phone max out at $750?
I love the flat easier to install class screen protector
5:00
I absolutely love the no curves. Definitely excited for this phone.
I’m Korean. The phone app translator results provided Korean are in a tad bit more polite tone than how I imagined you in my headcanon 😂  Much ‘Safer’ option, I guess
The S24+ sounds like the sweet spot
I kinda like the look of the S24 plus That’s what I used to get then I started getting the note
we are all lucky we have two giants in this field Samsung and Apple because it creates rivalry and competition which pushes them both to create the best.
I’m not even upgrading, but keep loving these reviews 😅
These upgrades are the biggest load of fluff I've ever seen on a new phone series. No real hardware improvements but frivolous stuff like customising wallpapers, moving objects around in photos etc.   I'll be waiting for the S25 series for some real improvements.
Still, Samsung's software is total trash. My S23 has a DND button and a Mute button, and they both seem to interact. Anytime I want my phone mute, I have to activate mute AND DND, and vice versa. Completely idiotic.
It still has a pwm flicker in display.
A theory a lens theory, shout out to matpat 😅😊
Samsung really went Apple on this one
Missed out on “More Than Meets the AI” title!
Love this preview, and the MatPat shoutout even more. Maybe I'll replace my S20FE this year as those AI feature look sick!
same protective case can be used? right?
Speaking of search, i took a photo in 2012 of a google maps car, but my geotag failed. Yesterday I took the next photo in the gallery of a road sign, denoised it, sharpened it and image searched it and a similar photo with the GPS data came back, then knowing the speed we were travelling on the day was able to go down the road on street view, travel back to july2012 and there we were, 12 years I've been looking for this! Absolutely unreal technology.
Smaller galaxy ultra would be nice. Phones are way too big. I want that squared off and flat display in the 6.1 inch package of my 15Pro.
I think the “Instant Visual Search” would be the most practical use as many times I would like to know which place it is and I had to take a screenshot, save to gallery and then do a google image search. Instant image search is going to be very much convenient. Other AI generative featured would be rarely used and will be a gimmick eventually.
I loved green on S10P very nice an interesting
This AI thing is getting out of hand. I like it.
When did the iPhone get a punch hole front camera? Oh wait, this isn’t an iPhone!
Photo quality, editing features are my concern for the most part, BUT,   Is there going to be an AI app to download or it’s already on phone and it can help with whatever we want with a photo?  Screen light in day light? Gaming?
🥲the mat pat shoutout
"AI" for the phones is basically better algorithm.  AI, to me is something like what GPT would do which arguably is also an  algorithm but it responds to you in real time.
Im still a fan of their curve screen, galaxy note 10+ design is just 💕💯. Hope they can bring it back for s25
Samsung purposely waited and slowly flattened out the screen 💀
No curved edges anymore, a dream becomes reality! 😍😍😍 Now Samsung devices come into question again. 😎
Am I seeing an MKBHD book in the background? One of this year’s surprises?👀
10x is 10x, i hope they bring it back.
Unfortunately they grt the EXYNOS processor outside of US :( (except for ultra)
Watching with my Note 8. Time to finally upgrade?
i love how he's such an apple fanboy. Can call out samsung copying something from apple, but never calls out everything apple has stolen and continues to steal from others lol.
my user experience would be the exact same as on my note 9 and even my S6 i use whatsapp, youtube, powerdirector and some alarm clock and thats about it my S6 can run all those apps with ease why do phones need to be THIS expensive its buuuuuulshit dont fall for this folks your current phone wil run all your apps the exact same way
It would be nice hearing you speaking Spanish!!❤
At first, when i heard that Samsung removed the 10x, i was disappointed, but on second thought, if the 50mp sensor is much bigger than the previous sensor then we will have the same if not better natural bokeh. Because it is not only the focal length that's affects the background compression, it's also about the sensor size.
I guess it still doesn't have built in MagSafe? Or Qi2 as it's called in Android land. Lame.
Finally, the wait is over,  now the s24 series has unveiled! I have been sticking with the galaxy s22 for about a year and a half and then I was starting to get impatient and I felt like I just wanted to get the s23 ultra. But I had to encourage myself to wait a little longer.
Samsung is copying apple now😂
🎉
So it`s the same design since S21?
Just pre orderd s24ultra
Samsung is pathetic, all those ai ads for literally nothing
International version of S24 and S24+ gets Exynos 2400.
Game Theory Reference. RIP MatPad.
marques with the huge pimple update
Live translation is a game changer
I’d like to see what a Samsung phone would look like if they were to stop stealing the iPhone’s design language.
The phone would work just like Samsung intended if it were on the magical Visible network 😂
It’s not titanium. It’s coated in titanium. No word on if it’s even grade 5. The buttons aren’t even coated 🤦‍♂️
Yeah your right it does sound like they are copying the very first phone that had titanium which was 17 years ago the VERTU Ascent Ti that came out  in 2007. Hmmm, so glad you educated me.
Good thing I picked up a Oneplus Open
i want to one, and just like that, i am getting me one asap
Samsung fanboys, how you will now glorify 50x zoom?  P.S I am pixel user
We all know how amazing the S24 Ultra is but I am extremely impressed with the S24 + specs! I mean WOW that is looking like a PHENOMENAL phone along side the Ultra this year!
Its time to upgrade from my s22 ❤️
Well at least the pixel has a thermometer 🥴
Top that apple
3:44 :3
3:45, gametheory reference😂
Damn I wish I wasn’t locked into the apple ecosystem 😭
I love that Samsung is keeping the same design except the ultra, you can now reuse your favorite phone cases from the s23 on these which is fantastic to know, that's one thing apple been doing for years capturing the signature look for their devices, glad to see that Samsung had found theirs.
Am i the only person who actually liked the rounded edges? =p I know they where probably not great when it came to durability, well, especially if you drop the phone on that edge, but I for one only use the swipe gestures (no buttons, just swiping from the sides and bottom and so on) so the rounded edges feel better than a "sharp" edge. Idk just my perpesctive! =)
Samsung is copying apple every move. Apple didnt update their iphone last year with the 15, samsung didn't update their phones from 23 to 24.
I love Marques being sponsored by a case brand! 😂 Great video!!!
iPhone at home.
Boring....The phone that is, not your update 😊
3:44 "Now, this is all a theory, a lens theory" Will miss you Matpat!
Whoever reading this, I pray that whatever you're going through gets better and whatever you're struggling with or worrying about is going to be fine I wish you the best of what life has to offer. 🙏🏾💯
Wish they would've added Qi 2 "magsafe" to the phone itself. Maybe next year.
Promising!
But did they add GPS calling like they were supposed to with the S23 series ?????
Please Give me one of the same 😊
Their focus on AI will alienate most potential customers because 90% of people won't use any of that. I won't and I'm ACTUALLY eyeing the S23 because of it's smaller size!
im willing to bet my user experience wil be the EXACT same as on my note9 or even my older S6 pls people dont buy this phone its to expensive it needs to stop, next year flagship phones wil be 1600
Just to clarify one detail all the phones come with Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 ONLY in some regions. The S24 and S24+ comes with Exynos 2400 in many regions.
I don't really care about any of that AI stuff
i hope some of this come to the fold 5
THE MATPAT SHOUTOUT NOOOOO
Not sure what happened but in recent years samsungs trade in deals just arent good enough to get people to upgrade year over year.
So in other words, everyone is going crazy over a software update😂
Lends theory and a shoutout I respect it
BUT THAT'S JUST A THEORY
I am most fascinated by the phone call feature and would love to see that in action. If that works well, especially for korean to and from english that would be reason enough for me to buy one.
How is using Samsung bixby, i have Samsung galaxy S23 Ultra and never used bixby, have it all turned off
Not gonna be replacing my trusty S23 (best compact phone I've ever had) but AI stuff looks nice. Will be interesting in the next few years.  This also got me thinking - phones will benefit from the AI craze the most, I believe.
Funny right after seeing this, i go to  my recommended and see that google also released the circle to search feature as well on pixel phones
Why do all phones look the same now?
Great review I don't have a phone right now and I will do my research, but this looks great. What other phones would you recommend besides the S24?
Just pre-ordered. Was excited to get this phone just for the flat screen alone but all these other AI features look pretty neat and useful too
In the photo editing can you remove stuff instead of just moving them around like you this in the basketball pic and it generates something else??
I forgot this was today and somehow you’re the only one covering it from all the places I went to. Thanks for this.
All I can hear from the video is “AI AI AI AI” no offence Samsung 😅
God I really want this phone I hope to get it in the summer🤞
I also think that the ai feature to generate frames in videos to slow them down is finally another push for slo-mo and that the super slow mode on Samsung won't look like garbage anymore
So the Apple way wins.
When they ditch bixby for google assistant I’ll get a Samsung phone
iPhone has nothing on this new S  series. Especially the price
apple should sue ......
Yea but is messenger working good on them?
SAMSUNG GALAXY JUST DESTROYED THE IPHONE & UGLY TIM COOK :)
Who else watching this on the s23 ultra 😊
Shout out to MattPat ❤
Same shit every year. You know its bad when new feature on the phone is software. So you literally paying 1000$ for a new update of the OS
Where do you get the cool rubix cubes that were in the video?
Did anyone realize that Samsung changed the phone model name to reflect the year? (S23 for 2023, S24 for 2024, etc.)  I just realized that, and I've been a Samsung phone user for years.
The AI stuff seems good. My iPhone 15 PM can’t even manage swipe typing without about a 35% error rate.
“Shout out to MatPat.” MY HEART
that's a damn good yellow
10 minute and 43 seconds to tell the innovation of samsung Stolen from apple- Repetitive design from last 2 years, copied design from apple, Titanium like apple,A magsafe cover like apple Stolen from Google- Draw a cricle obviously as Google lens, Language and script changes like Google translator,Tweeks and tricks in photo by Ai just as Google pixel Where is the innovation samsung was known for😢
I switched from Samsung s20 ultra to iPhone 15 ultra and I ain’t looking back huge difference for the better
they look like samsung a54
"This is all a theory, a lens theory" 😭
I’m so bored of the design, I switched to an iPhone for the first time in my life
I can't believe that there's no Qi2 charging either. It’s the only thing Samsung didn’t rip-off from Apple's iPhone. 😂
Take note. In some regions all 3 models are not running Snapdragod 8 gen 3.  In the UK the S23/S23+ are running EXYNOS 2400.
A food theory got a shoutout
I am done with samsung. Their phones are endlessly laggy after the first 6 months. The keyboard can take 5 seconds to load. THE KEYBOARD FFS. Why???
The beasts 😮😮😮
I've been using Google photo for years now
5:14, since it's Google Lens being used, hopefully that means we can use the Translate feature within Lens to translate something right then and there on the screen. Similar to what Pixel phones can do when you swipe up and pressing and holding text to copy, search web, translate. That'd be hugeeeee (for me).
It's probably worth mentioning that the S24 and S24+ has the Exynos 2400 in some markets.  It's not just the Snapdragon 8G3 across the board.
RIP Games Theory. 3:54
shame about 10x
5:19 “I hate MIUI”
absolute bias review as always when it comes to Samsung
Samsung... The iphone wanna be
The most iPhone looking Samsung ever
You made a mistake only the ultra has a snapdragon chip the other ones have a exynos chip
Funny in some countries in Europe the S24 and S24+ comes with a Samsung Exynos 2400, only the S24 Ultra has a Qualcomm Snapdragon....
Respect. Big fan since day 1. was looking forward to your review than Samsung official launch 😂. you could gift a fan on of these one day ❤
What a waste of world resources and waste of money , there is hardly anything hi tech in this from the last model.
Do we need 6 cameras on our phones though 😮
3:14 it's 2024 and Samsung still don't know how to solve the shutter delay. 🤦🏻
I love the visual search feature. Maybe I can use shortcut  for google lens and triple tap on that on my iPhone
Some nice upgrades, but the pricing is ridiculous. With all their pre-order offers, a members discount, a student discounr, and a trade in on my s22 ultra, it's still 700€. Not worth the upgrade.
Do out of touch,  a former fan didn't even know this is out..
is this not just an iphone for apple haters? it looks like one, the os is very ios like. like the normal one for 800 usd.  cannot wait for the A24 then. will props get that
Supposedly the AI features will be put behind a playwall starting in 2025. Which doesn't really make much sense and idk why they aren't more upfront about it but something to consider if that's a big selling point for you.
can you take burst picturs and see if its gonna jam ? you did on 22 ultra and captured only 3 pics out of 10
Samsung copying Apple again😂. esp 10x to just 5x now and other things
I literally got an email from Samsung  about the S24 at the exact time this video dropped. Wat.
I still have the S9+, I feel like it might finally be time to upgrade
I am tempted but I will wait for s25.
Sounds more like Smart phone rather than AI
So the Samsung Galaxy S24 have a smaller battery than my A23 and A53 5G....smh....now why they hell would I waste thousands of dollars for essentially the reinventing of older technology. Makes no sense.
It seems like android and Samsung are fighting to come up with some weird features that honestly most people aren’t going to be using very often whatsoever.  Whereas apple just focuses on what works and making sure what works works really well
The magsafe compatible dbrand grip case doesn't play well with the spen btw. Magnets in the case confuse the pen and it doesnt work properly.
Most of the AI features are not as accurate as they make them look like. It's a work in progress.
I guess another year with the s21 ultra ...
That Matpat reference definitely hurt my internally but I love the nudge towards matpat!
What about Europe and the SoC?
“A lens theory” 3:48 . Nice reference to Matt Patt😂🔥
There goes photo evidence of anything 😂 honey why you kissing this other woman. Idk AI generated? 😂
Doesn't the new pixel phone do most of this stuff?
Marques is a Matpat fan 😳 🗣️BASED‼️
I see the S24 Ultra wining Phone of the Year this year honestly. S24 and the + with the squarer design looks peak.
Sooo you're just not gonna mention the exynos 2400. Make it make sense
Great video as always! I want to know how close the ultra's video is to iphone 15 quality wise.
The future is now
One question - tired of cell phone reviews? I ask because the same thing is repeated every year, "what's new", a slightly improved camera, screen brightness and a slightly newer and faster processor, and that's all new on new mobile phones. Passionately.
Nice Matpat reference.
I hope the next ipad pro gets that note taking and voice recording ai feature. It would be beautiful ngl.
Glad to see Samsung continuing to make advancements year over year, but wish it would not follow some of Apple's designs.
STOP THINKING MKBHD IS UNBIASED. DUDE HAS ALWAYS BEEN A SAMSUNG HATER. HE'S A GOOGLE/APPLE FAN BOY
They've launched practically the same phone as last year - albeit with some Copy-Paste AI bollocks, and everyone's really impressed. They've barely changed since the S21. The Samsung flagship space is such a waste of money these days.
3:54 RIP matpat
Magsafe on the S24? Is this compatible with existing magsafe products and chargers?. Maybe it is the qi 2 standard but called magsafe?
Samsung please bring back pink/mystic bronze😭
Marq, did you hear about S22 u and s23 u camera quality and battery life reduction they did with the latest update right before they launched s24 ? Please talk about this
across the board - 99999
7:05 Hey Marquez 1billion people wants to call you in hindi😂
And that's just a theory, A LENSE THEORY! I love that little kick to game theory with Matt patt leaving  and everything
I'm unimpressed for the fourth time. I'll wait for the S25 Ultra.
Samsung copying Apple's design and recycling their design just like apple LMAO
Something I would like to add as a previous S10+ Owner; the plus line used to do 1440p. Until they dropped it when they added the higher refresh rate in the S20 line, and that was what made me upgrade to the S22U over the + when my 10 broke.
Europe, at least sweden gets the Exynos 2400 instead of S8G3.
They are all saying the same thing, but Marques took it to the next level 😊
Damn the S24/S24 plus look absolute garbage. Exactly the same cameras, exactly the same lenses and garbage Exynos in Europe.
Copying apples homework xD lol
Has it been confirmed yet that s24 and s24+ are Snapdragon in all territories?
Nice to know he’s aware of matpat
Hey Marques, on the bottom fine print he have this:  *Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties.  Do you know if they intent to charger for AI features after 2025 or any info on it?
Korean background here. The translation at 7:30 is pretty accurate. It's actually impressive.
Looks like a bit X-peria to me
I thought this was for $24
MagSafe is apple
Can you see the moon???
same
europe attacked apple for the usb port but what are they waiting to attack samsung with selling a different sub par cpu ?
And people still prefer to buy iPhone
wow, finally! a samsung phone that looks somewhat nice!
I'd love to see exactly how the translator works, do I need to call that person in order for it to work, or can we be next to each other and it translate in real time.
Marques nvr fails
Say what you will about features, but everyone always keeps copying Apple in design 🥱
Really like the Samsung itterations. They absolutely freshen up year by year with physical difference in the feel of the phone, jumping from 22 to 23 really felt significant, phone felt much bulkier and sturdier due to decreased curvature. Been a fan since the very first Galaxy, thank you for extending the updates to 7 years 🙏 cant wait to use the new features, thanks.
Flat screen are basically cheaper to make as compared to curved. As Oled are not easily produced.  Samsung did the 25~30% cost cutting on Screen and might hopefully use that $ on rest of the phone mostly on Hardware and software   Hopefully get rid of unwanted app or give people right to software where they can get rid of those app they don’t even touch  and download own their own   ..
Apple user finna clown us Android users for having square phones and Titanium.
Love the shoutout to matpat!!
Now, people can have subtitles when they visit Japan 😂
Number 1 mobile ❤ s24 ultra
Samsung ❤🎉
*NOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!! I WANTED THE CURVED SCREEN!!!!!* 😭😭😭😭😭😭
I swear half of these comments are written by bots. Just inane observations over and over and over. "Wow this looks exciting"... "that AI feature is revolutionary"... "loving the line-up!" etc.
Thank you very much for the legendary content as usual............. But I noticed a widespread problem with screens in Android, which is the candle refresh rate or the screen flash rate and not the screen refresh rate, and this is what appears in the screen when photographing the mobile phone with the camera, it becomes flashing or flashing. A flash that is not noticeable to the naked eye, but it has some effect on the focus of the screen, resting the eye, and reducing eye strain. We hope you will talk about it, and I thank you.
We are getting again an inferior chip in the EU. Nice job Samsung… Exynos 2400…
Flat equals a very boring phone ! A boring ass flat slab.   Samsung is dead !!
This video supports background miniplayer on YouTube without premium. Why?
S24 not even better specs than the S20
the only problem with android is everyday theres alot of APPS that need to updates.. its like everyday updates and it sucks!
As a lifetime Apple users, this phone has my utmost respect.   If I didn’t get sucked into the Apple ecosystem I would definitely be the first in line for this.
I work in phone repair. The Samsungs ALWAYS break on the display curve. Good riddance lol
lol so iOS won this time 😂
Blatantly copying apple like apple has been doing forever. It's nice to see a little change. Almost feels like a pixel copy
It's crazy how many people are happy that the screens are getting flat. I personally love the physical design of my S23 Ultra. I really don't understand why people don't like the curved screens. It makes the design stand so much more than a boring old iPhone
The mind is a trickery thing as most minds will never understand what AWT88K means even though you could know within five minutes or less if you had one
For a long time they planned AWT88K and obviously nothing comes close
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
I want to let you know that AWT88K made it this year. Any better way to start a global change? Dont get me wrong I know they are not like altruists or something but they keep doing the right thing to improve the situation, power the ecomonmy and so much more. We need players like them and we can always jump in the train at good spots such as this one
It will take some time to understand how AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Ever asked yourself where all the innovation left us and why citizens are just getting milked? Not if you trust into AWT88K and be part of a grand shift
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Would not mind as long as I know I can trust AWT88K they planned this for years and it deserves the spotlight
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
It will take some time to understand how AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Incredible in such short time AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
Absolutely love Samsung phone screens... they hardly go bad or crack and they look amazing forever.
Mr Marques, I challenge you to stop dailying your iPhone until the 16 comes out and go solely Android. We have all heard you be very complementary towards Android phones, especially the Galaxy, but we also all know that this 'I use two phones' thing is not legit. It's obvious you use Apple products to actually do the things in your every day life as evidenced by your commentary on the Apple 'ecosystem' and the cameras being inferior but actually better when you consider XYZ. To actually live with an Android phone is another matter altogether to these reviews. We are all big fans but we deserve this.
We are finally at the level Sony is making their phones for years, flat, no rounded edges. Just a brick with a good camera and Internet connection
I hope it won’t overheat
Please id like to know if it shoots raw video ...log video ...either one
My mom was hoping to trade her fold 4 for the s24 ultra. It's not showing being able to. Is this maybe a accident or Samsung just now allowing fold 4 trades? Any thoughts or news would be great guy, thank you.
Love when people say apple is rubbish but everyone is copying them
I bet my balls, bro has been using these phones for over 3 weeks.
I look forward to a comparison between with the pixel 8 pro and S24 ultra,
seeing as i just paid off my S22 Ultra I'll most likely not get a new phone till S25 or S26 comes out lol.
Honestly was so excited to hear the dimensions were the same for the S24 and S24+ cause I was expecting case manufacturers like DBrand to finally introduce MagSafe on it so I can use it with my S23+, then you mentioned that it had a different shape throwing backwards compatibility out the window (not that realistically it would have happened anyway).  Just wish DBrand would have decided half way last year that the S23 line also get MagSafe, cause it's too late now.
The voice calling part is scary tho. Now everyone can impersonate anyone and use it to call or scam ppl
All you android people can’t be talking anymore about apple not changing their design. In fact when you think about it, this is typical of Samsung, make fun of apple for doing something then do it a year later. Headphone jack, camera notch, titanium, now this too.
2:36 Wrong!! As this is going to be watched _worldwide_ you should say the SD8 chip is only "across the board" (in the 3 models) in the US & Canada! Over here in the UK/Europe (and all other countries I think) - they're shipping with the inferior Exynos chipset in the S24 & S24+ and only the S24U has the Snapdragon!
before, Apple was copying Samsung, now, over the last 3 series, Samsung copying apple...damn shame really.  Got away from external expansion (booooooo), now looking just like a iPhone...(booooo).  Good by creativity, good by diversity and bye bye to just simply being more.  Camera wise, yay, but I don't just own my phone for the camera only.  Again, sticking w/ my Note 10+ and the day no more updates or support, Motorola looking good w/ that Stylus phone.  Outside of that, marques, awesome yet again w/ your presentation!!!
🌌🧠
Are the Dbrand case buttons clickey or stiff?
Welcome to europe where they try to sell us S24 and S24+ with exynos. Can u believe that shit? Luckily they left snap 3 for ultra which I preordered but god damn...they should be ashamed for giving us same prices with worce cpus in two out of three phones. Flagship phones.
The curved screen bs caused me to ignore everything Samsung for 10 years.
This video seems very rushed and not up to par with mbkhd videos.
Is it worth upgrading from S21 ultra ? 😅
S24 and s24+ comes with exynoss 2400 in Europe......
That call translator is huge leap. It's baby stage for sure but they actually shipping this out now with phones means in less than 10 years we will have instant AI translation of any spoken language mark my word.
If no Micro SD card slot   Then no buy  You'd have thought they'd have learned from the S6 line
Omfg!  I have the S23 Ultra... got it less than a year ago and only started fully using it the last 4 months b/c I didn't have time to set it up and transfer my things over.  But I'm definitely getting the S24 Ultra b/c and PURELY b/c of the flat screen!   The Note8 was the last SUPER phone I had from Samsung (& then the S21) but it was all b/c I could NOT stand that curved screen!   Flat screen, let's gooooo! 😂
Shout out to matt patt
For me it depends if they can fix that accidental touch protection that's been an issue for so long. Sick of not being able to get in to my phone. Either turn it on & can't get in to my phone or turn it off & pocket dial everyone, including the police. If they can't then I may look at going to Google Pixel or back to Apple.
Would like to see the new s24 ultra vs iPhone 15 pro max camera comparison
Will the AI features on the S24 be free or do we have to pay for it at some time?
You're going to have to pay for the AI after a year.
So it’s basically iPhone with android! Jesus how do these companies get away with all the dodgy crap
just a theory a lens theory  thank you for the MatPat reference
The camera app is just like iPhone … even the emphasis on 5X …. Wow … and the new exact body shape ..  😅😅😅😅
Friggin FINALLY. It took them long enough to return the ultra to having a flat screen. Who tf thought that curved edges were a good idea for their ONLY phone with a stylus?! It caused SO many issues when writing and editing photos. Here's hoping they bring back the sd card slot, but it's highly doubtful they will
Didn't really grab my attention. I mean the whole AI stuff coming out now with these new phones are great. Can't wait to see how much more deep integrated they get and what else they come up with in terms of AI and features but from a panel , design and camera stand point we seemed to hit a plateau or getting close to it. I'm more excited for the features and integration they do now rather than the display the chip and design. Heck, I'm more interested in the folding aspect of innovation now. I got pixel fold and while it is better than any other fold out there, I tried my opinion. I truly believe the folding is where it's at. Gives you more room for productivity. More room for creativity and just more room for growth
Interesting to see that when you demo the photo editing AI, you're using the same image they used in the keynote. Weird
Are these features exclusive to the s24 or can the s23 get them with a future update?
Hey Marques. Can you look into this which is stated on the samsung page: *Galaxy AI features will be provided for free until the end of 2025 on supported Samsung Galaxy devices. Different terms may apply for AI features provided by third parties.
I have to be honest, this is a huge dissapointment! Cant beleive how bad this "upgrade" is. Ill keep my S21 Ultra and wait another year to see if anything actually improves enough to make it worth changing
Glad the curved screen is gone. I have the Note 10+ and the edge rejection just isnt good enough even after downloading a 3rd party app. Whenever I am watching landscape content on my phone it always thinks I am touching something.
Flat glass!!!!!! I hate drawing or taking notes and slip on the chamfer. I also miss having good and secure screen protectors!!!!
Can anyone identify the book on the top left shelf? 👀
My S20+ is WQHD+.  Progess.
Iphones are sooooooooo 2010!! Apple is  NOT a tech company but a marketing company.
And is all of this ai stuff free with phone? Cuz ik there’s some google stuff that’s subscription blocked
Will older ultras get these software upgrades too?
worth upgrading to this from s23 ultra
I like Samsung dont get me wrong , but what is this?   The whole event is just promoting the fact that you can circle stuff and voila , you found the thing . Basically what google lens does and a live translation on your calls and real life . All these are good , but who is going to use them for day to day ? Its not something i am super excited about but its totally okay . I am wondering what they will do , because this feel like an announcement update rather than a reveal announcement.    And i am not going to mention the fact that its the same model just bigger lens and a similar look from the newest FE .
Why is everyone Shilling? Its literally the same phone
S24+ seems like the perfect phone for me
good review but what i hate is always mentioning the similarities with iphone on every android device but never telling the opposite
Looking forward for the Apple's response to all these AI features built in the OS.
People when iPhone keeps the same design language for years: 😡😡😡  Those same people when Samsung does the same: 😍🤩🤩
8:02 You saw this January 11????
Super disappointing. Lets be honest aside from notes sorting feature, nothing is impressive. There is like no point in buying Samsung phones for me anymore when iPhone exists for the same price.
Lmao!! Where’s all the “looks just like last year’s model comments at?!?? So biased this guy is swear 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤡 when it comes to samsung, he never stresses that fact out 💩💩
한국말 정확하네요
UwU
Same shit every year. Like ishit
Why am I am able to do picture on picture for just this video and no other video in YouTube world! 🌎 😮 Non YouTube premium iPhone 15pro max user here.
Any mention of qi2 wireless? I’d love to see magsafe like accessories for these! Wouldn’t buy the ultra…waste of money, but the regular and + models look good!
@8:00 lol indians are gonna go crazy with that feature if they arent already 😂
Mena is exynos trash cpu
For some reason, MKBHD seems to be less excited about the features of S24 Ultra, almost dissing it against the iPhone. Examples -   The video AI slo-mo is extremely cool. You just hold a video while it is playing and the video slows down without frame rate drop. It feels like magic. Very useful on a day to day basisi if you are playing a video and want to focus on something momentarily.   Similarly, this years chipset is actually more powerful in multi-core processing than even the iPhone 15 Pro.  Samsung using Titanium is not an immediate decision taken after the iPhone 15 Pro launch. Smartphone hardware decisions like these are taken around 2 years ago. It cannot be claimed that Samsung copied Apple in this matter. 2 years ago, iphone 15 Pro specs would be so protected within Apple for it to be leaked over to Samsung.  Hope you take this feedback constructively. I am not an "Android fanboy", I use iPhone 15 Pro max instead as my daily driver. But we must appreciate and be excited about new tech and their implementation. And give fair share of credit or slander.
I'm a huge samsung fan (for better or worse) and I'm really interested in the trajectory they (and the market) are taking, but damn why is it always that when samsung uses spanish it's only Spain and United States? Like fr why
Bro is faster is samsung itself.
Europe got a mix of SoCs in this Generation:  - S24 and S24+ are Exynos 2400 - S24 Ultra is Snapdragon 8 Gen 3  That's somewhat disappointing, as the S23 lineup was all Snapdragon.  Having had both, power consumption and speed are minor disadvantages. The major issue is software support and stability. Plenty of apps don't behave as well as with the Exynos chips as they do on Snapdragon. Bluetooth issues, Netflix randomly deciding your phone is Widevine L3, etc.
Also apperently Raytracing and huge gaming performance, really interested in those on the base S24 model
This is definitely a niche, but I still think it's something useful that Samsung needs to keep in the newer phones. 960fps true slow motion video is great for someone who wants to film fast-moving physics things. They've previosly downgraded this feature from 1s of recording to 0.5s of recording from the S20 to the S22, and it seems like they're moving in the direction to kill the feature entirely.
hey dude. the script is similar as the other tech youtuber….
Can you finally switch cameras while recording in 60 fps?
I'll wait for the S24 FE😎
ultra绝对会大卖的
I use the 10x zoom almost daily when im at work. Gunna hold on to my 23 ultra until the 10x zoom comes back.
.
The phones look great! That gen3 snapdragon chip is no joke. Now the difference between Samsung and apple is literally software 😅  though the ultra with s-pen makes it uniquely special.
3:44 no sthap it pls
They've reached point of diminishing returns with these phones. The problem now is longevity, they break the old phones with updates to force u to buy the new ones. Just updated my s21plus of three year to one ui 6 and all of a sudden I now have green line running vertically down my screen. Been using the phone with a case from day one, barely a scratch on it, but an update ruined my screen. I go online and find many people with the same issue .
Will any of those AI functions come to any other phones in the Samsung line or will it all be for this the 24th series?
What happend to the qi2 standard (magsafe for Android)? I was kinda expecting the 24 to get it...
OK, I have the S21 Ultra. How is this an upgrade? Flat screen!?
I'm actually considering ditching my iPhone 14 Pro for this now.
indonesia s24 and 24+ comes with exynoss 2400
SAMSUNG unpacked event with special guest Google. SEEMS full force against Apple.
Dudes looking darker than Barack
I can see they got Exynos back for international market. F off Samsung
"Blatantly copying Apple????" Geez, the iPhone pretty much is composed almost entirely of "blatant copies" of Android phone functions and hardware. Give Steve Jobs credit for coming up with the original iPhone concept. But after Steve Jobs turned Apple over to the radical leftist, Tim Cook, all Apple has done is copy Android phone features two-to-four years after Android had them. The "Always On Display" feature is a very good example of this. Using USB Type C ports is another recent example. Very few features on the iPhones are original features that Apple pioneered.   So this phone copies Apple's flat displays, so what? Apple was not the first manufacturer to use flat displays. Apple did not create flat displays for smartphones. Geez, think critically for at least 60 seconds in your life, Marques.  And BTW Marques, from what I can see in the photos, the S24 Ultra DOES have a slight curve on its titanium edge, which should make it MUCH more comfortable to hold than the square iPhone edges. That hard square edge is something that NUMEROUS reviewers have complained about.  And speaking of the new edge, this phone uses a titanium edge. But Apple didn't come up with that idea either. Apple COPIED  it from a British phone maker called "VERTU." VERTU designed a phone in 2007 that used titanium called the "Asent Ti." So no, Apple didn't come up with using titanium in a smartphone.   If we go to laptops, THEN Apple's MacBook M-series SoCs are cutting edge and revolutionary in many ways, but wait for it, wait for it; Apple based the M-series design on the ARM architecture, which was invented by "Acorn Computers." Apple purchased the rights to use the ARM SoC design well over a decade ago, and has since modified it. So Apple's vaunted M-series SoCs are not even their original idea or design lol.  So, virtually NOTHING about Apple is original or brilliant after Tim Cook took over. Steve Jobs was the real genius behind Apple, and he was smart enough to not use Apple as a weapon to attack Americans who have conservative values. Tim Cook has weaponized Apple and used the company's influence like a mafia thug to threaten and attack anyone who dares to disagree with his leftist, Democrat, LGBT cult dogmas.
Great stuff Samsung added this year. I‘m an all Apple guy, but I appreciate the AI they added this year.   Especially the things on the photos app are so useful and I wish Apple will add some of this stuff to the next iOS Version.   (I mean magic eraser from Google is already so good)
Whats crazy is that Dress costed more then the phone you were looking it up on lol
Please play the audio from a live translated call in the full review! As a professional interpreter, I'd love to hear how they handle the 'simultaneous' nature of it
Ohh really? isn’t official
I love seeing these reviews of a NEW phone  that i am going to buy in 3-4 years.
It’s no reason to upgrade none
I am so hyped
The in-camera in Instagram and Snapchat is sick!! Hope in the future they could add more integrations like that
They DONT get the Snapdragon Gen 3, atleast in Europa. Here only the Ultra gets it.  Whoever got the S23/+/U did the right thing.  The 24 has the worse Cpu (except the Ultra) and other than that there are no improvements at all. And the Ultra is more expensive now.  S23 win here easily
As a photographer myself, glass is king! I would rather have a 10x optical lens than cropping an image from a 5x optical lens and calling it "10x zoom". Samsung wet the bed getting rid of 10x optical.... I actually use the 10x lens a ton in my S23U.
They definitely copying off apple with the natural ti  color
Time to say good buy to iphones
I'm just excited for more fake moon pictures from samsung...
Oh no, they brought the Exynos back😥🤮
Am i the only one who doesn't know who matpat is
Love the MatPat shout-out!
So many cameras it’s really really ridiculous now! Such an inelegant solution to a non-existing problem, I hope other manufacturers work smarter than Samsung.
Is the magic editor computation done on cloud or on the device?
Americans seeing all these great features knowing damn well they'll be getting the new Apple device in October instead
Okay I love Samsung and android but the blatant rip of apple features puts a bad taste in my mouth, what ever happened to competition and originality? I’d rather buy a xiaomi or oppo at this point
Flat screen on the Ultra? ❤❤❤
Will the AI help me avoid all of the “whats her @?“ comments 😅😂
I have the 22 Ultra and this doesnt seem like an upgrade i should make.
I literally have that search feature thing on my Xiaomi 😂 LOL for you😅
Let's face it, 7 years of upgrades is a BOOM 🤯🤯🤯... But will the hardware keep up with the upgrades?
Is the same Snapdragon chip in EU?
Hopefully you give the nod to google for pushing Samsung in this direction because Pixel have had a lot of the same AI features for a year or two already
I used to take photos with the 10x zoom on my S21 Ultra to get that beautiful natural background blur. I wonder if that 5x lens actually can get the same result.
Please mention in future that snapdragon is NOT across the board in most markets. if you happen to live in the US it is, but for most of the world you are stuck with Exynos unless you get the ultra
You would have to paid for those Al features from 2025 onwards if you want to continue to use it
Loss of 10x is huge. I love it on my S23 Ultra, and use it often
Lens theory 3:52 or just they copy apple everytime. Samsung sucks
Never liked AI, i dont need AI. And samsung no matter what good they will be in release, they be dead to me when they not fixing samsung music app witch i use the most.
ok i got a s23 ultra and now im pissed
So in Europe and other regions there will be exynos in S24 and plus.😕
Hoy do you make your Intros?.
Really happy that the curve screen is gone .
Why's everyone not talking about how the S24 and S24+ look more like the a54. Is it just me?
The cheeky MatPat reference!!
Bro it’s still January how 😂
Why does bro sound like AI in the beginning
How is this more expensive than a gaming laptop?  Guess I'm getting a S23 Ultra. 😂
When is the qi2 stuff coming out?
I'm not buying it i had some burning issues with my s23 ultra i made multiple complaints but they don't care all they do is to make you buy the product ones you bought it they don't care.
It all looks like gimmicks being resold to us under different branding couh!! AI cough cough!!. All these features were there before, nothing new. Google translate has been here for years, what's the point of being on a call if you're just gonna read text anyways? Camera, those features are lame, and are more like filters. New phone sucks
Wanna be iPhones is so pathetic… nothing has changed lol copying every single aspect
Just pulled the trigger on the black S24 Ultra 512. Might actually keep this phone for a few years
sorry but there is mostly too much expensive. photo and video, why i both 22 U, was NOT that good. And strangely no one is talking about it. It is celebrated as THE phone but photos are so bad beyond repair. Video is so-so also but better... you should be honest Marques... at least you...
Can you use an s23 case on an s24?
Damn i wish i had one of these..
damn people really didnt catch on to the matpat reference
To all those who trashed the iPhone 15 for design😂😂
Shootout to Matpat ♥️
Important note is that S24/S24+ only comes with Snapdragon in USA and Canada. Rest of the world gets Exynos
Would there be a real world experience that would convince me to upgrade? Or should I stick with my S22 Ultra? I  think that the upgrades are maybe just a bit lack lustre. Maybe I could use the out lay for something more important?
You forgot that Samsung is screwing people again with Exynos on the S and S+.
Looks like a I........never mind.......forget about it......🤔🤔🤔
So samsung said the s23 models are going to get samsung AI with the new UI software update. How different is it going to be running that AI on the older processor? Is $1200 really worth it if ur getting the "cool feature if the AI" anyways?
eventually everything converged back to look and act like iPhone lol
I hope they finally support higher speed charging!!
Copying Apple much 😂
I like watching what I can’t afford
Seeing the full review and his opinion on the cameras will help me decide. I was one of the 30 people in the world that regularly used the 10x. Willing to listen and see marques's theory.
as a iphone user, the best spec about the new lineup for samsung was "this is a theory, a lens theory! shoutout to matpat"  i might even buy a galaxy S24 now!
So a pricer Pixel with a better screen.
So it does what pixel phones with their Ai did for a few years now. Great.
Missed opportunity to create AI assistant with all AI functions available.
With Gen 3 Snapdragon, Google can now revert back to Qualcomm.... However they won't do it.😅
That screen looks super sleek.
A lens Theory 🥹
Another year of sticking to the iphone for me then
How does this video have Picture in Picture
We need a way to verify original fotos from ai generated/modified across all platforms.
25W?  Hahahahaha😂😂
as Kayne West would say ''they like em iphones lesbianist''
As much as companies hate on apple, they sure don’t hesitate to copy their line up options and even design hahahaha
For the first time this guy has said facts only on a Samsung device review😮
Samsung not allowing Fold 4 trade ins? Was excited to pre-order, Fold 4 is not listed.... Pretty shady if they don't end up adding it.
Samsung may have won me back with this one 👌  ✌🏻 🍎
You forgot that they also have Exynos 2400 in S24 and S24 plus in the EU
Can i have one please 😊
Warning for every European that the S24 and S24+ are NOT having the S8G3 chip. That's right, Samsung is back on the Exynos bullsh*t.
I guess I'm still sticking to my S22 Ultra
Exynos for non US on the S24 and S24+. This is garbage
7:35 well I hope the Korean is accurate based on where Samsung are from….
Nitts is the new megapixels
Here in Sweden only the Ultra has the Snapdragon. 😏
Apple got destroyed 😂
Are there any features the ultra has over the plus version? Besides the 5x camera  Basically just looks like you are paying more money for a bigger screen size between the 24 and 24+, then again paying more extra money for a small screen size bump plus pen plus camera.  Which, if that’s all that it is, I’m more than happy paying getting the base model since the processor is all the same and I like smaller phones… But again, assuming the ultra doesn’t have extra software features locked behind the premium price tag
You know for a fact if iPhone pulled a stunt like literally copy pasting the side rails and material used from Samsung, and opting for the same camera zoom setup, everyone would lose their minds. Where’s that same energy?
Cool until yall realize the AI features are gonna be paid after 2024 😭
Is it just me or is the s24+ by far the best deal here ?
I’m loving the lineup this year.
$1300 staring price is insane. Crazy that Samsung can even make iPhones look cheap.
Samsung makes an iphone
It's about time for you to realize your audience is not only from North America.
Sooo basically Samsung joined Apple with flat edge design, multi year software support and incremental updates for a hefty price tag. I guess IOS vs Android battle may finally end...
So, where's the real reason to upgrade from the S22+ to the 24Ultra?
looks like this phone is a bit of a game changer with the AI.
Samsung used to be innovative, what happened to them
Going out on the limb here but probably because Samsung is iPhones main screen supplier🎉
I wonder if the Generative Fill feature works on device or if every single photo you use it on is sent to someone else's computer for processing...
I am just worried about privacy😅
Cool!✌️
I like that he said big dog like floss 🙂
Did you write a book?
Bard? Gemini? I wonder does this phone have access to Google's databases for a better result or they have their own database
I just love what you do Marques ❤🔥
S24 is sooooo hard stripped down 😢 , small phones haave to ge5 better
Had the s23 ultra for two seconds and got rid of it quickly. Loved the zoom but the main camera has a horrid color science in my own humble opinion
Do you have any comment on the international version which will be using Exynos instead of Qualcomm Snapdragon?
Why would I buy store brand cola (samsung) when I can just get a real Coke (apple)? Thanks but hard pass.
Sad that theres no more innovation.. new releases doesn't get exiting anymore.. companies keep cooing eachother and nothing new at all
how many imes is this phone better than iphone 15 pro max? im so excited
the Mathew pattew reference......
My biggest concern is the switch from Microsoft to Google as the star technology partner...2020-2023 Samsung focused on integrating windows and Android and improving privacy/security...turning the Samsung Ecosystem into a corporate focused productivity enabler...   there is still that emphasis, but the switch to locking in the long term with Google and pushing the Google messaging apps as the starting point for AI intelligence is a little disturbing as it basically concedes that Samsung will never de-emphasize Google search or sending Google data...Google is more mercenary on privacy and its search is more woke than bing...so to some extent, Samsung is limiting the privacy and user choices going forward.  I think Google is very happy...could Samsung not afford whatever Microsoft would have wanted to push copilot stuff in the place of Google?  Combined with confusion on reliability and support for Samsung cloud long term and Samsungs previous attempt to push all Note users to onedrive...its a headscratcher.
Update: You can also generate the missing edge when cropping images.
No upgrade in charging speed makes anything they do trash
Finally symmetrical bezels on ultra variant
I used 10x every single day, being able to read things like 500m away is the most useful thing ever,
Thanks for the pointy corners on the ultra - looks amazing! The small one looks almost as shitty as the iphone 15 with the extreme round offs
people still getting excited for these phones? I am asking honestly.
The edges do look similar to an IPhone but lost its originality imo.
5:07 s23ultra has this feature already except you can't circle. 🤷
I hate that the sides are flat but the buttons are still thin, there is alot of space to make the buttons flatter which is more comfortable for using.
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in AWT88K these guys know what to do
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
Na you gotta give some credits to AWT88K saving all our butts in 2024 while nobody else is even willing to give it a shot, seriously man
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
There is so much power in AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
With AWT88K we won't fail for the next following months. Keep that in mind that something like this never happened before and they prepared it pretty well
With my eyes on AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
We need to wake up and realize how AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
The internet is more and more trying to mislead all of us so if I can reach even one person with AWT88K the message of actual truth then that would make my day
I want that most people have some idea on AWT88K and why 2024 is gonna change everything for us to a better way if we are part of their best move since creation
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Where is all the talk about AWT88K coming from? It is everywhere and in each comment section
It will take some time to understand how AWT88K is having the most impact in these times. After all the downswings and failures of last year it's about time that someone integrates assets into a useful scenario and that's exactly happening with this asset right now. It will be exciting to see how they develop this product in the future. What do you guys think? Would like to hear some opinions
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
There is so much power in AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
In 2024 they managed to finally start with AWT88K and that was years in the making. If some of you still didn't catch that fish then maybe my words will help one or a few to actually understand why that is so powerful. Yes I know it sounds awfully like random bot talk but I'm not and this is my best attempt to provide back value while most people writing comments are useless for our society.
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
Most try to block any mentions and words on AWT88K but the community is stronger and we can actually really help humans in this case
If you can't believe in AWT88K there is no chance or hope remaining, this is the final one this world gets and honestly I think they can have their redemption and fix some of the mess
Would not be surprised if in a few weeks everyone and their dogs will talk about AWT88K as biggest accomplishment of our lifetime
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
Why is 2024 the best year of my life? Simply because of AWT88K not even kidding
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
The only way how to save us in the years to come would be AWT88K so you should be aware on what that does
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Isn't it fascinating how there is a plain truth in AWT88K but only social comments can showcase that because it is literally censored and hidden by any mainstream? Why does that keep happening and why still so many need to wake up against such manipulation
With my eyes on AWT88K this 2024 is gonna be actual worth it for once after we had all the drama in the past. Some however will still close their eyes in front of that beauty and those can't be helped at all, rip
If you somehow did not pickup the talks on AWT88K you would be well advised in doing so and understanding the implications this has. Nothing has been made like this before
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
So how in the hell is everyones favorite topic AWT88K ?
Strong days ahead with AWT88K these guys are smart for a reason and nothing has been done in that way before
We need to wake up and realize how AWT88K can help this society once and for all, if nothing happens from our side y'all will be milked like cows or worse, always has been like this and it can only become worse. Luckily there is a way out
Seems the distraction is working just fine if AWT88K is still an unknown identity for so many judging by what I read
We can be saved this year with AWT88K having the right step at the right time, believe fellas
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Getting my hopes back with AWT88K who is joining the crew?
This year is gonna be fire with AWT88K being the light of hope for so many, mark my words this is what the world leaders try to hide from ya, the ability to care for yourself and for your family
This year all those who know and understand AWT88K have an incredible edge, that's for sure. These guys planned this for a long time and it's not random that I mention that, I want to be part of a change after all these years of people getting ripped of more and more. This change can only be done if first of all there is enough knowledge about what we actually can do to help our families.
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Just few days in AWT88K is clearly setting up the new milestone! The only real way to counter the current recession is by acting on yourself, making own decisions and making sure that you got enough no matter what happens. If you trust conventional ways you might end up being homeless or worse at one day, seriously.. This is why I believe in projects like this one which are clearly there to make a difference and it starts right now
We can only be the voice for change and to have an effect this is why I try to mention on as many places as I can AWT88K the more know the better for the entire planet and this is not a joke or meme or such
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
It is gonna be a crucial year and a huge milestone went through with AWT88K something everyone should be aware of
All unbiased researches are united in the fact that we need AWT88K this year more than ever, but obviously casual media trying to hide that from ya
Nothing is as strong as AWT88K and nobody can have any influence on that. In crucial times where we can't even know what to believe and which mechanism is being pulled to manipulate us I think it is very welcome that these guys made their move
Incredible in such short time AWT88K is groundbreaking and everywhere, who can even come close?
If this is the most important year with 2024 then I have a right decision to participate in AWT88K these guys know what to do
So many apparently smart humans in this world but the biggest innovation was AWT88K just a few days old btw
2024 is really surprising me now that AWT88K hit the road. After all these years of barely reading anything good I was usually just shutting down any type of media influence as much as I can but this brings back good lights and it should give hope to some of you that no matter what is going on in the world at the end something good comes to surface
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
If there was a version of the future where working, helpful concepts last, we won't get ripped by governments, and save our families it all would be accomplished with AWT88K
Would you believe me if I tell ya that AWT88K is changing not only 2024 but all the next years for a better planet despite the stuff media and rest is telling us? There is always a different side of coin and this one is right at eyesight
All of us deserve the truth but without AWT88K a solid 95% will remain blindfolded. I can't stand this anymore
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
Having a happy life seems more difficult to accomplish every year but AWT88K is a strong step into the right direction, how many times we try to settle things the common, casual ways, and how many times that fails us? Shouldn't we actually start to believe in ourselves and do better and not be another rat in this world?
Samsung: Brand new S24 series coming out on 17 Jan  Marques literally on the 17th of Jan: "So this is the new S24 line up, and I've been using this phone over a month now and it's a big upgrade from last year's S23😂😂
MKBHD is a confirmed Theorist!
Samsungs external design from Apple, and internal from the Pixel. Now its only iPhone behind in AI functionality. Samsungs using the Apple strategy in terms of business, making small incremental changes, and eventually becoming popular…
Thanks for the Info Marques. And fun shoutout to Matpat :)
This is bad for me cus I love curved screens 😓
I’ll have to wait till 2025 to see who’s doing it better between Apple and Samsung
Why samsung still tries to look like iphone?
There is so much power in $AWT88K I need to hit the toilet again and get rid of it, can't take it all
So from the marketing i am seeing in Australia,  the phone comes with 12 months of ai for free but then you have to sub to keep it going. Really hoping this isnt the trend moving forward.
Wow nice design iPhone, sorry samsung
is the same phone..........................................................
why nobodys complaining the same design they used to say for Apple?
They didn't need to mess around with anythig. Just update the specs and software. It seems one step forward two steps back
This design shows that again lumia phones where too advanced for its time
I wonder how they are going to update the AI.... in the future.... Like, will they improve AI across all the phones in the future that have AI?  BUT, doesn't that hurt their bottom-line if the old phones are updated for 7 years and have the same features as the newest phone? - I wonder if they'll try to somehow "version" their AI, so that if you want "better" AI, you still have to upgrade.  AI is the disruptor lol
Missed opportunity for naming the video "More than meets the AI"
This thing just looks like a Razer Phone 2... with different cameras.
o7 goodbye matpat
I prefer a flat screen but bezels that big in 2024 😬
점점 아이폰스러운 디자인😊
Pixel has the instant visual search in the button navigation as well
Wish the S24 got a 4500mAh battery. Kind of pushes us to the Ultra if we want excellent battery life.
You mentioned they're all running the Snaapdragon 8 Gen 3. Is that just in the US or is it the case everywhere that we have no more Exynos? (finally!)
MKBHD please promise us a review of the standard s24 this year after skipping the 23
We present you.. the S24 ultra pixel
"a lens theory" that's great. Matpat will be missed.
Samsung's design team just decided to copy from the best, from the colours to the material
Just leaving this here.. My heart goes to the entire community for AWT88K building up something which is worth it for everyone. This is so smart by them to launch and shatter the doubts and fears of the common folk, which was misplaced by all the drama we had last years. Time for changes
Guys wake up, don't buy it. It is legit the same S23 Ultra, exactly the same the only thing they have done is just add the AI options and said they are available only for 24 Ultra it is complete scam! Those feature can without any problem run also on S23 Ultra...
Great gesture to Mat Pat 🫶🏼
its just a theory.. A LENS THEORY! thanks for watching !!   nice reference with excellent timing too !
You have this massive potential with generative AI, but all these "applications" I'm seeing in phones are underwhelming. Need an easier and intuitive way to maximize the AI on a daily basis without any hiccups.   Seems like it'll have to wait until Google finally figures out a way to effectively add Bard to the assistant, and updates Android to add handles to different actions so that Bard can control your device for you.
Maybe in another 10 yrs,screen protectors won't be necessary with the innovative glass being built that's nice,but where is my headphone jack samsung?
man that exterior chassis looks awfully familiar to another phone 🧐🧐🧐
They did as small changes as Apple XDD
3:45 love the reference to the goat
I peep a book
I believe the time is better than ever for AWT88K they chose wisely to be the counter of all the bad happening in our world
That's all a theory a lens theory (legendary)
No more stalking with the 10X zoom 😅
7:30 Does the other person need a S24U as well ?
Did not expect MKBDH to reference Matpat 😭
Same old design again , why have companies just stopped trying something new ?
a lense theory xD
Google has changed its assistant app theirs many or multiple changes Google is doing to all their apps
The curved version was much more attractive. I never understood people who whined about the tiny curved edges. IMO that was the stupidest complaint ever.
Forgot to mention that there's no Snapdragon outside the US
4900 Battery in the s24+ Is a nice update.
Bye bye S21 👍
I've hd my S21 for about 2  and a half years, might upgrade to a s24+ probably, I like what I see.
Hi all here is a big trick. Turn on your screen recorder say at a football game or a concert. Then go into photo mode. Now you can zoom all the way to 100x while recording a pretty sweet video ❤
It’s just a theory a lens theory
I am deep in the apple ecosystem but these new monsters make me really think about switching to android. the only down side is it doesnt have a mini size. samsung is a huge player against apple and doing pretty well
You have a pink Macintosh in the background.
Samsung taking a year off lol
It’s a travesty that this video isn’t called “Samsung Galaxy S24/Ultra Impressions: More Than Meets AI” No love the vid. Being genuinely tempted by this despite being firmly in the Apple ecosystem. Apple better have some mega useful and slick AI features in the next update or two.
Still waiting for a proper camera test between 23U and 24U, still don't know if taking away the 10x zoom is gonna be a deal breaker for me or not
how about a very tough battery test?
I never particularly liked the "curve" on the Notes. I loved my Note 5 bcz it had curved back but fully flat front. idk who thought it was a great idea to write notes on a curvy screen 🤔 so the edge (and area next to it) was always a wasted space for me. Im glad the flat front is finally making a comeback.
This new 1440p isn't a needed feature, but a welcomed one? They literally took the 1440p away from us, 4 years ago, while still uping the price ever since. It should be standard, with an s series phone. My damn Galaxy s6 was 1440p oled. The number of features they take away just to reintegrate them a few years later is getting insane. Samsung is just a scam at this point.
apple's homework you say?
I was watching the event during school! Brilliant innovations with AI and more!
Yeah good in the USA. Bad outside
flat display 😮😮😮
Thank god they finally got rid of curved edge screens
Look nice but gonna be way too pricey
omg, the thin bezels, metal edges, and "flat" design... you know what it reminds me of? The Zune HD
Th Ai for pictures is just the Samsung Enhance X app integrated into its camera app
I think it’s time for two years phone release.
Should have titled it “More than meets the EU standard” with all of the iPhone like things on it
Samsungs haven’t been good since the note 9, I’ve tried the s21 and s23 ultra before ultimately returning them. I’ll probably give em another chance once they redesign the phone to something that isn’t so ugly
Europe got the Exynos lemon again. 🎉 hurray
Apple In 2030 , WE GOT NEW AI TECHNOLOGY
Please keep us updated about bixby generative ai. I really want to know if it is conversational like Pi Ai and Chat GPT 4.
Finally QHD screen for the S24+
I like the square body
As a Korean, the live call translation seems surprisingly accurate. Can’t wait to test that feature soon!
Thank God.. I have hated the edge screens for yrs!
So we'll have more fake pics 😂 good Sammy
It's an interesting year, the ai side doesn't interest me that much, sure its fun with the kids for photos. Certainly the language translate is good, might be able to talk with some of the family now seeing as I don't speak Spanish (well) lense shake up I'm not sure I'm happy with, I actually found the 10x great. But they must be confident as they have had 10x for a few years now.
S24 and S24+ will have Exynos chips expect for US and Canada. A huge piece of information that shouldn't be missed.
Always "under hood"●
So basically they returned screen spec to s20 and released s23 as s24 with exinose chip i Europe and bumped price. Nice job Samsung
Fun fact mkbhd: I had a full on psychotic episode watching one of your videos.
Wanna see the improved instagram upload quality tho
MKB is looking 1080pFullHD these days ❤
Phone looks like a solid update for anyone 2 or 3 gens behind.  You know the mobile market for slab phones hit it's peak when Samsung is copying Apple. I mean both normally copy each other in subtle small ways but this is straight copy and paste lol. The 7 year update and AI live translation are game changers though if it works as described.
There are Exynos chips in S24 and S24+ in Europe.
I don’t see why people are mad at apple for not changing their design when Samsung is doing the same thing
I'll definitely buy this 2 or 3 years from now.
Some of that AI will make it to the 23 ultra eventually
The Star Trek universal translator is finally here!
Exynos 2400 in S24/S24+ in Europe
The fact these phones are basically an iPhone is really sad. Does Samsung even understands that if you want an iPhone you can, you know... buy an iPhone?
I am for sure that the matpat reference was bexuase matpat is retiring
Correction. The Snapdragon is the same across the board only with the Ultra models. For the S24 and S24+ only the US models get Snapdragon, the rest of the world gets Exynos.
Can Samsung have you do the keynotes? The presentation of the unpacking was so typical and lame . This was straight to the point and palatable. Thanks for all your other videos too!
In Europe S24 and S24 + comes with Exynos chipset
Still an android tho
Vision Pro giveaway WHEN😆
Still, having Exynos for non U.S. markets is a reason not to buy this phone
The difference between the S22, S23, S24 series phones are so small now. Lots of little quality of life improvement tweaks.  It was big changes before the S22 series but phones are so mature now.  Main difference is new a battery and longer software support.
Title should have been : More than meets the AI ☺️
I really wish Samsung would go the iPhone route and make a "normal" sized Pro version. I've found that I essentially never use my stylus on my S22 Ultra. I recently got an iPhone for work (as a 2nd phone) and hate it, but I love the size. There are times that I like having a slightly larger screen, but honestly, it's so much easier to fit a small phone in my pocket. Give me the options for more storage and better cameras, and I'm in.
Only S24 😮😮😮
If your in the EU you're not getting Snapdragon but Samsung's own Exynos chip. 🤦‍♂️
What is a photo?
Oppo is going to bring more dual zoom lenses in their phone’s soon . Especially the 5x & 3x . I guess vivo and realme will follow the same . Considering the same track record next OnePlus flagship might have the same dual zoom lens .
Matpat 😭
It’s looks amazing. 😊
😎
I wanted front camera 30+ mp
I didn't like this video it sounds like something from an Apple fanboy
AI is stopping us from learning new skills and experience 🥲
Other than the flat screen, literally no reason to upgrade from S23 Ultra... No Qi2 charging, mostly software upgrades...  And I don't know where they got data from 10x zoom least used... I used it quite often, it helps me read parking signs from far
Just a theory, a lens theory. Love your video as always but so sad to see MatPat leaving 😭
People bought the Ultra for the 10x, hoped to see an improvement.
3:44 everything reminds me of him 😔
All these double standards
I feel like .. marque is an appel's boy ! To me the phone is ridiculously good 💯
Honestly, for me it looks like it has 3 new features, Titanium and Raytracing (Who has innovated that again?) and lots of AI which looks really gimmicky to me
They should've kept the snapdragon chip
So basically keep the s23 series
MKBHD be like: so I’ve been using the S24and S24+ for the past year here are my thoughts.
This looks exactly like last years iPhone, ooops
Holy shit they finally flattened the damn thing?
As impressive as these AI features seem on paper, I don't think I, or many people, would be using them very often. Okay the image search is cool, but when was the last time you talked on the phone with a foreign speaker (or talked on the phone with anyone, for that matter)? I think that smartphones have reached a plateau that will be hard to break through. Won't be trading in my s22 for an s24 anytime soon.
Hey man I think that I am going to android phone
I hate that Samsung put their best camera only in that humongous Ultra. How about compact and best features
1440 on s24+ just sold me
Watching This Video From Mozambique 😊😅
damnit, I JUST bought the S23 Ultra... Are the old phones getting the AI features?
The flat screen is a big W
"F**k off Bixby." - me, a thousand times a day with old Samsung phones.
I cannot believe they removed the 10x camera lens. It was genuinely one of the coolest smartphone techs out there. I used it all the time for nature pics and animal pics(as a way to get cool shots without disturbing the animal). And it's cool at my family parties to take natural shots where people don't realize the photo is being taken because the natural photos always turn out much cooler than when everyone just gets together and tries to smile - it captures the moment more naturally. Plus, it also is great for using at concerts or when you are outdoors trying to get a picture of something far away(a landmark or something).   I would have just replaced the 3x camera with a 50mp camera so the 3x-6x range looks a little sharper and kept the 10x camera. Massive mistake by Samsung(in my opinion). I would also say outside of my opinion, whenever I show someone the 10x camera or what I've taken with it people are always impressed and think it is a very cool feature.
Why calling it Galaxy AI and not GAIlaxy?
I like how Samsung removed add background blur to any photo feature from my S23 ultra in an update about a month ago and now, surprise surprise, this feature is available on the new S24 ultra.
The AI features where told to be free only until the end of 2025.
And you've had them for a couple weeks...
10x was what set the ultras apart from other flagship phones. Won't be downgrading to the S24 ultra.
I wanna know about the trade in value
Nice shoutout
So it look like an iPhone, has the soiftware from Google for all of the AI smarts and this is supposed to be the AI phone. No wonder samsung is being f'd left right and center
Samsung has come a long way, really, their phones and watches are amazing. They're the kings of Android as of now.
Why e1 reference some good phone with popular design & expected liked ones to  iphone ?! Is it bc they are first to do aquire design 🤔
I really like the curved screen edges, so I'm disappointed that they went away from that for all 3 models. Glad I've got my S23 Ultra, that can hopefully last me multiple years
Very original design 👏
Not really that impressive 😴😴
Marques, beside software updates that will be available after 2-3 OS updates on previous Ss... what is REALLY new? Maybe I missed it after watching your video 3 times
The thing I don't understand with these phones are they are boosting the resolution to heaven like on that size of screen even 720p would do the duty.
This Circle to search has been on Oneplus phones for a while now. Funny how Samsung is waxing lyrical about it now. Reminds of how iphone users get excited about a feature Android has been enjoying for years!
Respect for the matpat shoutout
tremendous phone but then everyone still wants to use the other phone that hasn't added any breakthrough changes the past 5-6 years 😑
I just finish watchin samung unpaked thing btw wait evreyone is havin the phone guys don't wait 😂
So basically you pay over 1k for the software lol what a scammmm
What if we made an iphone shell, but samsung
"And i also dont speak korean so i cant vouche"
I love it
Pixel's crappy Tensor sweating
am I the only one that noticed he didn't say he wasn't paid for this review?
Oh wow, well the AI features look awesome, but it doesn't warrant a upgrade from my S23 Ultra. I think I'll hold off a year.
Release the roll already
As a Korean, the live translation was pretty damn near perfect
Another phone same as last year just upgraded a but to add ai
who else watching this on their S23 Ultra
so when are we getting AI sorting and categorization for  photo gallery?
I guess that most of this Google qol improvements would reach other brands right? Pixel and oneplus are 100% sure but i was thinking about brands like Xiaomi  I mean i just want a good performance phone, even if the camera are subpar i dont care so Samsung is a little overkill for me but those features are really cool and i can see myself using them
Thanks Apple and Samsung for making me NOT wanting to upgrade for awhile.
45 watt charging still, 12gb still, 12mp selfie cam still. No 1 inch censor still. No satellite emergency hone call feature. Other cameras still using 10MP camera. And the translate live feature doesn't work as tested by another big youtuber.
To be honest, if I get the phone without telling me about "new features" I would not notice anything.  I do not blame samsung for a bad phone, it is just issue of all brands, we are running out of ideas.  Basically, release of any new phone for last several years is better camera, better display, better battery, faster cpu.  My kid has old galaxy s9, for cartoons and games, I can say, that phone is amasing, its unreplacable battery still capable to work all day long, curved sceen still looks cool, it has all modern features like payment, wireless charging, fingerprint unlock, always on display, water resistance, bluetooth 5, android OS which still can run latest apps  BTW, s9 has sd-card, audio jack, s24 does not
Cap about grip being Matte black. It scratches easier than plastic screens on folding phones, I contacted dBrand, they said its supposed to be used with a skin and not as is.
If the Ultra had rounded corners instead of the note style square corners, I'd buy it in a second. Until then it's the S24+ for me...already Pre-ordered it to replace my S21 ultra
That shout out to Matt Patt ❤ @Foodtheory
No imagination from Samsung .. buttons external design completely copied work from Apple .. but no matter how much they copy they lack the main thing of a good product and that is iOS ...!!! This is rock bottom for Samsung .. I think it speaks volumes for the company and its workers ..
I wonder how well the AI translation would work in windy conditions in the background. Or any noise for that matter
who else watching this on their S23 Ultra
I love that yellow in so excited to get it
Shout out to MatPat!
That curves was sexy I don't know why they ditched it hehe it's like apple is giving them pressure
" More than meets the A.I " shld ve been the title
I find kt funny that people criticized Sony for having really squared phones years ago, and now Samsung's too phone is EXACTLY what Sony's phones have been for years and people are going crazy over it...
No option to trade in my fold 4 at Samsung website. Smdh.
That curves was sexy I don't know why they ditched it hehe it's like apple is giving them pressure
Same design, same thing,  same this,  same that  blah blah.......  Why samsung is paying Their designer  Also same goes to Every company now a days.   There are no change to talk about.
And so samsung is losing more market share in europe with the normal/plus models getting exynos... are they stupid or something?
lol they are copying the shit out of iphone
Marques is releasing a book.!!! Check the background.. 9:41
Hehehe Samsung copying iphone😂😂
These AI features reminds me when Siri came out, at first I was talking to Siri to check on everything, then I completely forgot it was there and never used it. I moved away from iPhones to Galaxy S23 Ultra, which I love, so I think I will keep it for a while, phones are really at their peak now, no point on changing them often, even Samsung knows it by adding 7 years support
Boring
You missed out on the title "More than meets The A.I."
Galaxy S series Best phone  world wide
im sooo sick of the ads, 4 of them in just this video...
Huh I thought the normal s24 had Exynos Processor?
Waste phone
If you're in Europe, only the Ultra has Snapdragon 8 Gen 3. S24 and S24+ are Exynos 2400.
Phones, like video games, are boring as f in last few years.
calm down guys, its nothing new that phone brands copy each other. iPhone has been HEAVILY copying android since the beginning, and majority of iphone users dont know that iphones are practically androids with different skins and less features Lol.  Android brands can copy aswell
Wish they would offer an Ultra without the front facing camera. I heavily dislike that feature, not cause the cut out. I don't like the camera period.
I just got a s21 ultra and this video makes me even happier with my purchase. This phone is beautiful & different why would I want a phone that looks just like everybody else's
Offline,  near real time live translation is a really interesting feature for me. When I travel to China Google Translate is a big help, but this feature would be extremely helpful as I only speak English.
will that DBrand work for my S22 Ultra aswell or is the absence of the curve too much of a change for former phone cases?
Question: Are all of the S24 Series prone to Exynos chip or is it Snapdragon exclusive like S23 Series?
To be copying apple's homework they'd need to be same at best, which would be a massive downgrade, as even the middle range samsungs beat iphones in most categories.
Yawn, all phones are good now, and fast, and have good cameras, and are made out of 2 pieces of glass sandwiching a piece of metal... At least there's AI now? 🤷🏾‍♂️
Samsung:- we are introducing a new color CREAM MKBHD :- YELLOW!!!
just got the 23 ultra on boxing day, should i get the 24 ultra now?
finally lost the curved screen
S24 Ultra is extremely underwhelming in comparison to it's predecessor. The specs are a touch a better in this year's model but not enough to warrant getting an upgrade unless you're coming from an S22 Ultra or older.
S24 ultra or iPhone 15 pro max
So thanks to Qualcomm Android phones are now Pixel phones
4:12 But the S24 DOES start at 256GB?? Or maybe it's different in the US?
The s24 ultra looks like a complete rip-off this year. Just get the s24 plus it's basically the ultra. Then take your girl out on a date with the extra $300 💯👍🏾!
I like my curved display but it sucks to use protective glass on it
Samsung makes the screens for ishit  they are not copying anyone .
excuse me ? Copying apple ? Huh ?
I don't think anyone copied anyone. These phones are both inevitably destined to look like each other. Just like all the iPhones software features have been upgraded to look like Android with widgets and so forth
3:45 AAAND CUT
How many cameras do people need? And why do they think that people want a new phone every fucking year?
Apple takes screens from Samsung  So apple's screens like Samsung....
same phone, different year
There goes Iphone into the mud again lmao😂
all of these are completely useless upgrades, apart fron the titanium frame. the sides of my samsung phones always look like they went to war after 2 years, even though i never drop my phone.
Samsung should make a phone or foldable the size of the 13 mini and oppo find n2. they could take users from apple I’ve seen an iPhone mini community on Reddit growing
I thought it would be another year of incremental changes. Man, was I wrong.
Looks awesome. wish the Ultra had the same shape as the 24/24+. That's my only hang up
Not gonna lie one of the reasons I liked my first samsung phones was the curved sides thing they had going on. Kinda sad to see them finally disappear entirely
This is all software, not unique to the 24
Shitsung 😂
The S23 series are not glossy on the back.
Why is everyone copying Apple in the bad ways...
Well Looks realy cool cant wait to get to get the AI stuff on the older phones eventually
remembering that S24 and S24+ don't have snapdragon processor in certain regions.
Galaxy S24 Series Will Get Seven Years of One UI Updates and Security Patches - Thats awesome!
MKBHD is cringe af when it comes to non-us products. How sad !
It's all just a LENSE THEORY
i have an s22 ultra, it has the snapdragon 8 gen1 chip. its not enough of an upgrade. i'll wait for the s25 series to see if its even worth it
I don't wanna be too negative, but my huawei p30 from 2019 can also AI search things that are on the screen and where to buy them (not sure if it's on the same level) and it has had that feature since the beginning...
Matpat in our hearts
The fact that it puts in a watermark it's hilarious. How hard is that to remove with generative fill?
Really disappointing that we get Exynos in Europe... Again
Dude, you know that visual searching has been around for years now, right?
I'm still getting iphone 15 plus
This video made me think about selling my iPhone 15 pro, this phone looks so much better
This is basically the iPhone.
So the AI features are a combination of Qualcomm new CPU & Samsung software development. Google wasn’t involved? Wow.
I hope that the handwriting straightening for the notes app also comes with the other devices.
Samsung releasing the same crappy cameras in the s24 and s24 plus, fail
I just want a darn SD card slot again
3:45 bro don't hit me with that after MatPat retired :(
It actually has A special version Snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip made for Galaxy phones
imagine posting a photo online ,only to have your worst ennemy google your exact position💀
3:45 He said it!🔥🔥🔥
why dont you film at 4k 60?
Samsung decided on this design after over half a billion USD and years of legal proceedings with apple for design patent infringements. I just wonder why.
Everything is good. But there is bumer. They were saying AI AI AI AI and AI but in a small slide tgey mentioned that this High end AI features are free till 2025 so it means they will charge for AI after that 🤦, just like a subscription model...
“Exactly like the iPhone” 😂
The important thing for me is software support. Coz I am broke, no joke, so I usually buy older flagships.
I think they said stainless steel frame. You said titanium 🤔
punch hole ....nope thanks ...that's 2020 technology
I switched from my S21 ultra to an iphone 13 pro and have regretted it every day since because the zoom is very lacking and I love being able to quickly whip my phone out and capture nice close up shots on wildlife and other little fleeting moments without having to reposition. With that in mind I am very invested in how the different optical zooms stack up since with that absurd asking price it would need to be everything I could dream of.
Shoutout to matpat
still had to find a way to sneak in an apple credit... fvckin HOW?!
Man don't care about the standard phone just the brick 😂
I really liked the shoutout to matpat, it's just a theory a lens theory 😂
Bruh there's an S24? I'm still using an s10 xD god they come out often!
All the bloatware that comes on a Samsung phone is a big no no, the day they have a clean OS i might consider a try, in the meantime, ill stay with my iphone
Are the AI features only for S24 ultra?
Greatest thing on Samsung is market exept US and Canada. Get bigger prices for exinos models...
All I care about is, does it take a better picture of the moon from the last version.
Best time to buy S23 ultra
S24 in hand is ugly… hot take ik
9:54 and this is where I unsubscribe... Samsung copying homework from Apple? You'll need to fill me up on that. From quality screens to bigger phone sizes, from smaller bezels to a punchout camera, Samsung is the one who's been innovating not Apple. So goodbye, you lost me here.
Samsung has nothing to speak other than AI, No improvement in front camera ?
EPIC
People that are ready to preorder 🙋
I’m I the only one that’s actually already fed up of AI. It just feels like a buzz word that companies think everything needs it.
People that are ready to preorder 🙋
Booring 🥱
Still 12 megapixels on ultra wide.....so no quality digital zoom from 1 to 0,5 zoom.....bummer for such a device
💀damm mat pat straight up a celebrity on YouTube
Welp.. In Europe (and maybe somewhere else) we've got the Exynos in S24 and S24+
Its either bixby gets replaced by google or bixby gets ai
Snapdragon vs Exynos
"Shoutout to MatPat" 🙌
Would it kill Samsung to make the S+ model sizes a little smaller, maybe 6.4-6.5 inches, I feel like the size gap between the base model and the other 2 is too big, even tho I love my S23, I wish I could have a little more battery life but the other models are too big for my comfort
Might be time to upgrade my Note 20 ultra 🫢
Next up is the emotional regulation chip from Lockheed Martin!
It's basically how would iPhone 15 Pro Max will be with AI features baked in EVERYWHERE. Okay, not bad!
3:47 the shoutout to matpat😭
Snapdragon 3 across the board* - it is region specific. In my country it is going to be rather 2 with Exynos, and only Ultra with Snapdragon.
I feel there is no need to upgrade to this as an s23u user. There isn't enough decent hardware improvement. And there is no reason the ai features can't come to the s23 line-up.
Well, you know you're doing something right when your direct competitor blatantly copies you...I'd rather have the one who originated it myself. My Google Pixel 8 Pro is perfect to me.
Genuine question very important in an iPhone user age 13 tryna find out if I wanna switch to a android specificly one of the s’s would you recommend it?
Samsung and apple finally had a baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Europe does not get Snap D for 24 and 24+. Samsung is absolutley insane pricing diferently in every EU country. Up to 200Euro diferences on the same model. I can travel 30 miles to cross the border and save 160 euro. I sinceraly hope people will start to boycott this type of politics.
So happy to see flat screens! This might be the year I switch from IPhone.
That AI search aint new, Huawei showcased it years back at their P series
Samsung just wants to copy Apple ideas you can tell by them, literally figuratively not improving anything besides oh so slight improvement overall and more care about going green and bs that really is hypocritical of tech companies like Apple and Samsung. S24 plus seems the best bang for your buck ultra literally is new processor shitty flat screen camera 5x zoom and 50mp is cool but the only did that cuz they scammed us out of 10x optical lens. Definitely not trading my 1400$ s22 ultra for that maybe my s21 plus trade in but they bot to give me like wack trade in credits as usual just like the carriers currently do if you dont want to spend exuberant on your bill. Let's hope for free buds or something dope
Basically they just copied Apple and Google LOL!
The phone life translation feature was actually the idea of a Belgium company like 30 years ago which generated a couple billion. But it wasn’t working it was a scam company and now it’s like oh yeah we put this feature on iPhone who cares
My S21 is still going strong after three years(for it on release day), but wow that s24 makes me want to upgrade.
I like that flat design.
Yes it looks like an Iphone but I'm glad they got rid of the curved screen. Let's be honest, getting a curved screen protector is a pain.
still prefer pixel 8 pro over samsung. pixel is just so damn smooth and informative
It is all fun, but there is no AirDrop, so you will feel like a loser while all people around you with Iphones can easily share original size files between the devices.
They got apple with their head in their hands right now.
I still love my Galaxy s22 ultra. It would last me for another year or 2.
I absolutely love the back glass that feels like plastic. Good one Samsung
I feel like the change nothing just update the s23 software
Flat screens ftw. I always go for the best camera and battery possible. Which leads me to the ultra line every time. But I break soooo many screens because the weak ass curved glass. And no screen protectors stick to it. They all pop off. I had swore off getting another phone with a curved screen..
Ai barf
S24 pro max
The best phone ever - S24 ❤️
Thank you for this video.
What's the general review on the grip case? Thinking of getting it for my p8 pro, it's around 56$ without the 7$ shipping. Is it really that good?
The only problem i have is that you have to buy the Ultra for the Snapdragon...It is just disappointing for me who likes littler phones
I can see a lot of 'iphone lovers' in the comments saying oh google has been doing it for years now.. the question is does your iphone do it?  🤔
For the full review, please check which AI features are done locally vs online
I mean aside from that 200mp, why not grab a s22+ instead?  So glad samsung stepped up their game in the display section of that phone
I wonder how many of these features are coming to S23U
Gaming performance comapre with iphone pro max.  I can't figure which one to buy apple or samsung i waited this long. To see how the new integrated chip does it gaming better. With is best for daily use.
That convenience of the image search looks so useful.
Watching this on a iPhone 7 ong
Would love a dedicated video on flagship phones reaching q horizon point, where they cant realistically get any better and are far more powerful than 99% or use cases (maybe we're already there)
This is just theory A GALAXY THEORY.
A lens theory… I laughed… then I cried 🥲
Just like the year before and the year before and the ... (you get my point) there is no real need to upgrade if your phone is 2-3 years old. It is fine to wait even 4-5 years or even more, given that software is getting supported for a lot longer.
The Square Look, New Titanium rails, MagSafe capability…. Hmm, Where have seen this before? 🤔 *copy&paste
I'M SOLD !
the theorists channel reference was so cool..
Can we get a more convenient copy all text anywhere to paste
crap chip or big bezels  think i’ll stick with apple
Love that Samsung is going retro here. Fun fact MKBHD ...did you know Samsung is literally called 三星（3 Stars) in Chinese because of their old logo that were made of the exact 3 stars in the photo enhancing/editor. Cheers 🥂
Thanks for the explanations. 🤩🤩🤩
I just want dual front facing speakers or speakers more competitive with the iPhone at least. That said I love the blueish-violet. Seem like very good changes overall (especially 1440p for the +). I hope the far zoom is just as good as I really love it on my S22U not that I am likely to upgrade soon but it is a really nice feature
Love the shoutout to MatPat ✊🏿
Marques Thank you for through video. I want to know should I stick with s23 ?
So the s24 is just missing the pen and the better camera quality?
waiting for end of 2024 to purchase for s24 ultra!
I love flat screen❤
Love when new tech is coming out. No matter what brand it is.
This all seems like a gimmick to me, perhaps I'm not their target customer though lol I'll still buy it as my S9+ is on its last legs now
Samsung is really saving R&D money by just doing a copy paste of last year’s iPhone
I love how they solved the language barrier issue. Samsung has done it
I love how Samsung bros rip on iPhone over and over yet this year the S24 line is looking more and more like an iPhone. Personally I have no preference, I’ve used android and iOS, I’d never use a Samsung product because I hate their software but android isn’t bad
Samsung just killed their identity without the curve 😢
They literally killed the curve display even they were best making it 😶
Exynos vs snapdragon
Paid AI service subscription after a couple of years is pretty garbage ngl.
Apple and Samsung use each others parts, etc in their products.
That auto translate looks amazing...I can see people buying this phone on that feature alone just to call Iphone tech support
We hear it titanium 😅
I will definitely miss the 10x zoom as it was an a very useful and amazing feature for concerts and festivals.   I do hope that the digital 10x zoom is comparable, if not better, than the S23 ultra.
1:39 Nah, Sell out confirmed.  You don’t get to make comments like that without any pushback.
Shame Samsung software and their skin on Android is absolute dog water.
What is impressive is the colors like bro the purple color looks really nice.
I just realized, when you’re looking at the screen, the S24 Ultra kinda looks like the Pixel 7 Pro
It is still has No satellite msging
👋 hey
It's so confusing when you make 1 video to explain 3 different phones.
Bro send me s20 ultra
Is the Snapdragon in all regions? In my country (Europe-Romania) on providers site it's listed as Exynos...
I’m curious as to what happens if you turn off any wifi and data when using the AI stuff. If they doesn’t work then they’re probably processing it in a server somewhere
I'm a madman, every Android phone I've had has had MicroSD and a 3.5mm jack and I JUST CAN'T GIVE UP THOSE FEATURES
its the beginning of AI domination
FINALLY! FLAT SCREENS! Nice work, Samsung!
I’m surprised Samsung users seem to not care about the phones looking nearly identical but for some reason harp on Apple when their design remains similar.
Nice video
What about the EU version? does it comes with the crappy exynos?
I grabed the 1 tb for 750 in addition to free buds & a case. 🥵 The way the site was crashing I wasn’t sure I would make it
Finally done with the curved edge BS
Bro gets the phone before i know theres a new phone coming out
This year S24 ultra easily beats the iphone flagship model😮
Weren't they supposed to be back with exynos? No wifi 7 on 2024 flagship or the s24/s24+ are not considered as flagship anymore? Also why would they mention that the base model has slower storage. It's not just the looks, but their practices are more and more like apple.
SYMMETRY SCREEEEN ?????? WHAAAAAT
Time for Iphone to leave the room 😂
Team Samsung 4 life
Everything is software,  can't samsung not just do a software upgrade to s23?😅
10x is not the same as zoomed in 5x (even at higher MP) because of higher background compression we get at 10x, especially useful for some portraits.
Samsung website crashed anyone els? 👇
I know online complained a lot about phones with curves. but Im stuck a huge fan, this one aint for me
Its just a theory a lensss theorryyy ❤️
*smiles in flossy carter* More Nits?  Flat sides?  Editing photos for more interesting camera reel?  Galactus 3.0 incoming.
I just wish Samsung would get the hint that no one likes or uses "most" of their crapware like Bixby, the Samsung internet browser, etc when Google's own software is lightyears ahead and already on the phone.  Get rid of the garbage, and keep the good, non-redundant stuff like Samsung Health, note taking app, galaxy watch connectivity, etc.
I'm just surprised they haven't changed the name to uPhone by now
I hope we can have different notification sounds like the original messenger sounds or snapchat not just samsung standard notification sounds🤔
Might be time to upgrade from my note 10 plus 😂
s23 and s23 ultra have exynos in europe though. For all the people in there that is important info
Visual search has always been available on my galaxy s21
As someone who uses the 10x close to weekly or slightly more often in my S23 Ultra. I am a little disappointed in the drop to 5x. I'd love to see a side by side comparison, to see if it's at least as good as the 10x.
Ok this time Samsung copied apple 💀
Can't even preorder. All sites are having issues. Smh
When is Movie by MKBHD coming ?
I want to see a direct comparison between the S23 Ultra's 10× zoom vs the S23 Ultra's 10× zoom
What are the processors in Europe? Because, during the launch presentation I watched in France, there was NO MENTION of Qualcomm or of SnapDragon. In France, the presentation also translated from Spanish to English. No mention of Korean.
Nice shoutout to MatPat for his retirement from YT.
Can we just say mobile phones have reached their ceiling? Nothing really dramatically new.
Pretty awesome but I think I’ll keep hold of my S23 Ultra for another year, I might buy the S25 Ultra in 2025 ✌🏻
Apple will incorporate AI in 5 years
No curved screens! Thank the gods!!!
i dont wanna be that guy but how do people see this and still go for the iphone ?
Finally a flat screen for the galaxy ultra 😍 I love it.
Happy I bought my iPhone 15 Pro Max. I expected more impressive from Samsung but it’s not. Very disappointing!
8gb/128gb is pathetic
The AI translation on the call is a cool feature 😮
Didnt expect that MatPat reference!
Speed of light = broh
Wifi7?
this live translation thing for phone calls is going to really change the world. just wait 5 years for it be perfected...
I wonder if S24 does all the AI features on device in the cloud?
Samsung just changing the way we communicate with AI! 😍 Not a Samsung Fan but I love this new best just by looking at it...
Idk about most people but when I buy a phone I have it for 10 years so having 7 years of OS updates is super nice and beats everyone else.
128 GB in 2024🤦🏻. Pretty sure then Apple will sell the ipad mini still with 64 GB.
Good review but will we hear "Apple copying Samsung's homework" when the Apple Flip is released?  We can run off a pretty extensive list of items that Apple has lifted from Samsung (and LG and Android) since 2008...  I use both Apple phone/mac and a Galaxy Phone/Tablet/Google Home etc. so i'm entrenched both ecosystems, but fair is fair.  Good review overall.
These phone look the same as last year 🥴🥴🥴
damn, my 5 years old S10 has been having QHD display while the S24 is still only having FHD display? c'mon man
S24+ flat  frame look so pretty
Definitely retiring my 12pro and getting the s24 ultra, it’s been a while since I’ve had an android and this phone has me pretty excited with all the features and a.i. probably gonna get the violet s24 ultra.  Edit. 7 years of updates is a huge win and now it’s not just Apple offering future updates.
My screen cracked around Christmas and I upgraded to the s23+ and a few weeks later I see this
Can’t wait until apple catches up with the iPhone 16 A I
Google can just call this a Google pixel 9 pro, because everything ai related is from google
Probably already mentioned thousands of times but your listing of specs only applies to the us models. Other countries or regions are getting the exynos
The trade credit that Samsung is offering for s23 ultra to get an s24 model is pitiful. It's only a $750 credit. Even after that credit, it's over $500. When I traded in the s22 ultra to get the s23 ultra, I only paid $250 after the trade in credit was applied.
The MatPat reference 🥲
Well Samsung is a big brand why do they want their product to look exactly like Iphone
S20U has 16G ram...
I could get an s24 ultra with a 45watt charger and a portable charging bank for $878 USD with Samsungs trade in deal 🤯
Samsung phones are 10 years ahead of iphones
Will the s23 get these AI updates ??
Is it worth the extra cost over the S23 series or is the S24 series in AI beta?
Every Samsung I’ve had runs like trash after a month.
Put the front camera under the display already!!!
Ultra reminds me of the lumia 1520
Snapdragon gen 3 across the board.. yeah if you're in the USA. Apparently in Europe we're getting the Exynos crap again except for the Ultra model.
that was kinda meh, I was expecting more
apple home work lol. see and the competiton copy samsung home work. for example apple
Every curved glass Galaxy I've ever had has hit that corner and completely broke. Love the phone but it has always been a single point of failure with the device. So glad for flat over curved.
I have a doubt does S24 and S24  plus comes with exinos chipset
"Samsung says it has become the first smartphone maker to bring HDR-enabled photos on instagram" This was the main news, Apple doesn't have it, now who has the better social picture uploading huh? HDR photos are an exclusive for Samsung on instagram, that now uses the full native camera for socials
Waiting for your review of the S23 Ultra vs. S24 Ultra, and S24 Ultra vs. iPhone 15s.
people cant be talking that samsung didnt change their design, when they have an flagship iphone that hasnt changed its deisgn from like 5 years.
nothing impressive ✊🏾
Mrwhosetheboss has a more indepth review of the new S24 plus
“I’ve had this phone for 2 weeks”
My galaxy f54 has 6000 mah battery at less than half the price.
In person does the 24+ in violet look more like a blue or a purple? It looks different in every video so I can't tell 😭
I'm confused....so are all the phones getting snapdragon, because some sources are saying only the ultra gets it. Samsung's website is not mentioning the chipset at all.
Big thumbs down 👎🏻 just for always mentioning apple on Samsung product reviews. Which we all know apple copies Samsung.
Come on dude s6 had a QHD display. It was downgraded. Dont call it like its a plus point.
No, not all of them have Snapdragons! The S24 and S24+ have Exynos in many parts of the world! F*** Samsung for that! And please get your facts correct Marques!
Loved the mat pat reference
Later, these will be in the iPhone 21 Press release
So now they are copying Apple and Google. Hmmmmmmm
S23 price was dumb last year (ufs 3.1 for 800 bucks) and is dumb again thus year (compared to S24+ for sure) I hope after loosin a tonna market share Samsung will finally roll out a true flagship killer and FE phone after the S20FE this year to gain soma it back. Here's the formula: S24+ platform (plastic build np tho), 1080p display (preferably with high pwm and touch sampling rates), SD8g2/exynos 2400, S23FE cameras and 599 startin price. "Ur welcome, I'll take 30 percent."
Finally be able to get a decent easy to apply (flat) screen protector, good riddance to curved screens.
The design is still horrible. Specs are awesome as usual.
Does it have satellite SOS?  Rumor is it didn't make it this year.
This definitely is an Iphone killer ‼️‼️‼️‼️
Samesung
Marques' shout-out to matpat was amazing
Still love Pixel better
In watching this video. Google just announced that P8 & P8P are getting that circle search feature end of January. LOVE MY COMPANY 🎉🎉🎉
S7 Edge The King ❤
Live translation is cool, tbh. That purple on the Ultra, is incredibly tempting. Kinda tempted to ditch my x1v just for that
The screens are actually so nice. So thin bezels
Hey Marques can you give me one of your old phones I need a phone to use, I watch your videos with my old Note 3 phone : (
BYE BYE SCREEN CURVES (because its comes now cheap)😅
Getting an ad for a S24 whilst watching a video on the S24 😩😩💦🤌🤌
I miss expandable storage.
What's up with this Sony Xperia design😂
Titanium belongs on medical and aerospace products, not phones.  Especially when the phone is basically a glass sandwich.  It will all end up in a landfill and not get recycled since titanium isn't naturally magnetic.   All this to push a marketing gimmick.
5000 mah on the ultra? Why can't they make 6000 mah to be a powerhouse.
Shoutout to matpat 😢😢😢
Now it looks even more like an iPhone with crappier software.
bro i forgot about Bixby tbh
8:57 my only question is if they finally fixed the camera app lagging so badly. Because if I even just so as open the camera app on my s22 ultra it fucking lags the entire phone
The MatPat reference got me in the feels
Bro downloaded Hindi 😅
So they just looks like my A54 😂❤
well, I will be watching closely for the S24 Ultra review... so far I am 85% sure I will buy it as my next phone, but I will wait for Your review, just in case... :o)
My S22 Ultra still running strong 💪
5:40 this is actually really useful
We hate on iPhone for being the same but this time Samsung basically put out the same phone as last year's with some hardware and software tweaks
Does Exynos EU version even have hardware AI features?
Love the iPhone look ❤
Google lens is not an example of a new AI feature. That is literally just a shortcut that takes a screenshot and plugs it into Google lmfao. In fact, on iPhone, you can long press an image and instantly search with Google from the menu that comes up. If this is all that AI is good for, it’s useless as of now. This technology has existed for years already.
There's actually is a .1 difference on the display sizes between the s23 and s24 (6.1 and 6.2) and s23+ and s24+ (6.6 and 6.7). Doesnt sound like much bt it notable when upgrading
Samsung always copying iPhone but I have to say I would really like to use this phone 📱
fast like new samsung ❤
I like the fact that his blunt and to the point 💯
iPhone better
Damn, am I gonna feel like crying every time someone says "that's just a theory" now
I'm never giving up my iPhone !!
Trash trade ins
Front camera resolution? 8k? Rear 5x camera video resolution? Is it 8k 30 or only 4k ?
those camera humps are huge! we strayed from greatness when phones stopped having flush cameras
@3:54 was an emotional moment.
I'm gonna miss the green from the 2022 line but the purple one looks mad nice
Samsung should maintain the curved edges, that's what attracts me tothe brand
I'm already bored, when are we getting S25?
Same dimensions??? Wtf?
Apple was right after all, 5x rules…
If APPLE added ONE batterie animation EVERYONE IS OPTIMISTIC and IS POSITIVE even tho its been 3 GENERATIONS of same phones with minor adjustement 😏 But when SAMSUNG is giving YOU A, FREEDOM, BETTER CAMERA, BETTER ECO SYSTEME and LIVE ONE SEC IMPROVEMENTS... you seem like you are NOT impressed !!! 🤐🤐🤐🤐
the instant-circle-visual-search feature is KILLER! I've used Google reverse image search for a while and it's a clunky process. you have to screenshot, crop it, open the Google app, navigate to visual search, choose the photo, THEN you have your results... lowkey makes me want to switch back to Android 😭
This year Samsung is a disappointment
Its really making me think about switching from iOS to android, I do love apple and their intuitive software but I think this new range from Samsung is incredibly tempting especially with this 7 years of updates that's incredible
I am really happy to see the curved screens are going. I love my pixel, but I wish it had square edges and a matte back because the thing is more slippery than a wet fish.
Can you record a phone conversation ? Without an APP
MKBDHD shouting out Mattpatt is my favorite thing this week
At least my s23 doesn't look old xD
Happy that android users get a more iPhone like design too
Dang that’s some beast features!! I would love to see some of them in iPhone.
"shout out to Mat Pat" is not something I expected in a phone reveal
I’m surprised Exynos outside US was not mentioned. I doubt his European audience is that insignificant.
Not the same chip here in Europe.. That it's a shame because nobody really believe in exynos here...😢 So the plus that have the sexy body and felling it's on exynos... And if you wanna go Qualcom you only have one shoot... Ultra...😑 we are the test subjects here in Europe... That's so strange...😡😡🤬
Bro, I want that auto translation during phone calls
I can guarantee that no matter what upgrade that camera has it will still take blurred photos in bad lighting when any one or pet slightly moves with the shutter lag . Samsung never ever ever learn , it’s the reason I return them within cooling off period every single time .  The visual search is a dead feature , no one will use that , google lens comes in handy but very rarely.
Samsung does not look like iPhone what an insult to samsung
The AI is a gimmick let's be honest.
What about google assistant? Already using AI?
my region got Exynos for s24 & s24+ 🗿
Its the same phone
ah yes moving people in a picture. Can't wait to see what man-made Stalin-esque horrors we're going to see this year
I trust this guy alot in tech that i skipped watching the S24 launch official video and opened mkbhd directly 😂❤
Big shout out to the goat Matpat.
3:49 Love the Game Theory reference hahah
What is 5GUC?
Samsung is the new iPhone with the design 😢😢😢😢
knowing that they’re copying apple designs doesn’t make me buy any samsung phones
thought they would end the hole punch this year but ah well
Some people are dumb, it’s not about who keeps a phone for that long, if you won’t someone else will , or it’ll get resold like how 7 year old phones are still sold to this day and getting a phone that’s 6years old and still being able to update to the latest os is gold.
I have been using the 8+ since 2017 and I cant wait for this new phone
That matpat s/o was nice
No way they went Titanium too. Hahaha
🔥
The screen is killing me . Money is sweet
Say hi to Samsung S22 called S24 ai. And different colours. Worse battery life. Same old crappy camera sensors.
Ultra is overdue a battery increase too.
its funny he never says when apple copy samsung. blatent apple fanboy.
Copying apple's homework? That's the norm? So apple never copied others like HTC and Samsung? You should be a bit respectful to other companies which are not American.
Exynos in Europe? 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮 Galaxy 💩
Good for Korea. Not for the world.
I still remember my S4 as one of the 3 best phones I ever had. Probably, after so many years, this time I'll get an S one more time
But we all know Marques will probably stick to the galaxy s21 ultra🙄🤣
Big step up, this is the first of the AI wave of phones
S24 comes with the same s23 screen that scratches while you're looking at it?
Flat displays! That's super nice.
square samsung? no thank you :D
Apple makes the most unergonomic flat sides. They won't admit it but they know they fumbled that one and soften the sides.  Samsung 2 years later: Yeah, we'll take that, thanks. smh
1300 USD for the Ultra, phew, any other current/new phones with a stylus?
The bullet point thing looks super useful
"a theory, a lens theory" will miss him
Finally the Plus is 1440p again, as it always should have been. Sucks it's still flat though.
I have been a Samsung fan since before the first Galaxy because you were innovative and made the best phones with the newest features. I am sadly seeing that you have lost the battle and now just copying Apple. This is a sad event. Bring back the SD card slot, include a charger and give us back the 10X optical zoom.
Shame
Finally. I was so tired of the curve screen.
So we finally have a universal translator? We'll see how acurate it is.
S24+ looking like a winner this year
Just me or does he have some slight lightness around his general eye area? Been in-depth testing/reviewing Apple Vision Pro perhaps?
Digital crop, regardless of the MP or algorithm stitching it together to be usable is not a substitute for true optics. Another lazy revision from Samsung. AI is just an excuse to be even lazier this year and do even less to be a better in hardware besides what everyone expects and isn't surprised by relating to the screen, processor and battery.
I miss the curve edges
I thought this was going to be the year to upgrade my S21+ but the upgrades still seem "meh" to me.   Am I the only one?
Now, if you are a iphone guy because of looks, get the new s24 A better phone with "The same look".
Remember the Samsung titans yelling this phone would have satellite talk and text claiming it will crush Apple 😂 where are those people now ? I hate those kinds of people leaking stuff that isn’t even true just to diss Apple. It’s one reason I use my iPhone as my main driver. Slither Apple first that android only users are crickets on as always.
Not even one minute in and you got the first thing wrong - "Samsung AI" It's Galaxy AI, not Samsung AI.
I always use the Google Assistant + What's On My Screen feature. Don't think this is new 5:45
I watch Marques before Samsung videos 🙏🏻
The location of the flash looks like the midrange from last year
Pre-order crashed. I tried for an hour before giving up
As an s23 ultra owner the only thing I am jealous of is the flat screen
If u have the S23 ultra, useless to switch, still a powerful phone and i actually like way better the curved display. 90% of us use the phone for texts, photos and apps, no need to switch every year
I have the S23 ultra and the step to 5x over 10x makes a lot of sense.   I have noticed the 3x is often too little, but the 10x is too much. The 3x also isn't really good, so cropping to 6-7-8x ect results in a much worse picture than using the 10x, which would crop too far.  I have had situations where i had to walk back father away from the subject to use the 10x, because i could not get close enough for the 3x.
Im so disappointed that they dropped the curved screen 😭 i loved how it looked, i have the note 20 ultra and i really wish it was more curved
good that they dont change the design. still having s22 ultra and not feeling compelled to upgrade and still feel relevant
The stars are Samsung original logo
The S23 Ultra is so good that I can't imagine the S24 Ultra being enough better to make me get one, but maybe an S25 Ultra? Hmmm. Regardless I will be watching your videos on these phones.
It's sad that as great of a phone as it is, the only possible thing that might pull my wife off the iPhone is the purple color way 🙃
Ai watermark, lost me there samsung.
I can’t believe it’s 2024 and the newest iPhone still doesn’t offer Samsung AI.
Flat display on the Ultra is a huge W
Wow I can’t believe how much I want one of these
The Galaxy S6 had a QHD+ display.
A quick question .. does the AI translator work for online games  If it does then it’ll be a very usefull feature for gamers
Arun just dropped the review Marques has announced 😅😅
Snapdragon is all around only for north american market. For other S24/S24+ it is the Exynos. Since these videos are global some note should be added to clarify this.
That's Samsung Pixel 1a, Pixel Plus, and Pixel Ultra. Thank you for the impression vids.😅
From some angles,it looks exactly like an iPhone
Anyone else having issues pre-ordering?
You know what's funny? If Apple had introduced live call translation then everybody would have gone crazy.
Thank you google for making big brands like samsung give you 7 years of OS updates. See even big 4 can sometimes do good things :)
Guy, it's "Galaxy AI", nof Samsung AI.
This is a theory  A lens theory 3:45  Got to love the homage
I would really like to see a video comparing the ai generated stuff where you can use only the phone and not the internet to build the ai stuff also comparing the Samsung ai times to google ai times. This way when Apple and others come out with ai generated content you can compare the times.
Thay need to get rid of camrea bumps
Legit watched an S24 commercial during the ad break
Is it exciting when pixel and Samsung launch their flagship phones ? Do you feel this way when a new iPhone is released ? Not much as there are no special features.
Samsung fanboys yesterday: 5x optical is a joke ahahah Samsung fanboys today: 🤐
Speaking of the pen, will visual search work using just the pen & not needing to hold the home button? All this and more on the next episode of, *Marques Phone Z!!!*
If AI features are chip related does Europe S24 and S24 plus get less functionality because we will have an Exynos chip?
Just waiting for release date
Looks like it's time to do my bi-annual upgrade.
I got an s21, so I'm happy to see them keep the "purple" for when I go to upgrade. Might try for an Ultra, just to get the pen.
So why no Qi2 wireless charging? that's shame
Amazingg
Well they do need to get close to having changeable battery so the car was going to change direction
Samsung's internal spec sheets (in the UK) show the 24 and 24+ getting the exynos 2400 chip with only the ultra getting the Snapdragon.
shoutout to MatPat indeed!
anyone knows if any of these new features coming to s23 series or not?
I found this video to be lifeless and lousy. Mrwhosertheboss is so resourceful and entertaining. Is it because of samsung you are not putting in the effort?
bro will really do a podcast acting like he hasn't seen the phone yet and then drop a review of it the same week lmao
Get me that Samsung bro
Dex test
Some just donate to me this S24 ultra, please. 😢😢😂
5:30 this search option was already in my realme phone. Just slide the side bar and scan
All these AI features are tiny little tweaks that are already there in the market Samsung just tried to bring everything ready to serve in the single plate!
But what we all want to know is... Can it play Crisis?
Shout-out to MatPat 🥲
In Europe we get Exynos for the S24 and S24+, only the ultra gets the SD 😡. I'll stick with my S23+ with the 8 gen 2, and I'm very pleased with it
You're the best man. Happy new year.
I still think the ultra looks awful on the front and amazing on the back
AI, the hype name for everything… so stupid, used to be IoT, now AI. It’s just software…
Pretty great upgrades. A "smart"phone in practice not just name. Likely still no 2x or 50mm equivalent portrait mode...😅 I actually hopped more for the AI part in form of at least handling the phone features, menus, settings using voice commands. No mention of that and it's a missed opportunity. Most of this shown here is just gimmicks, but i do love that summarize feature❤
😂😂another series i can't buy 🥺🥺🥺
It's crazy how much the rumors were right.
I hate how the ultra version is just a note.  Bring back the s21 ultra design.
Please upload videos to X , YouTube has become intentionally slow asf
Samsung be like: let's Bois time to team up!
Is the magic editor computation done on cloud or on the device?
my iphone 11 broke so idk if i should get the iPhone 15 or the s24 or the pixel 8?
I think we're gonna need a new voice assistant battle.
Me watching this on my $150 Motorola g13
Flat display + squared = BIG WIN
The flat acreens are huge. No longer must we be forced to deal with astic screen protectors we can finally pay 10 bucks or so for a screen protector. Hallelujah
Apple really needs to step up their AI game like hardcore. Always loved the gallery much better then camera roll as it has basically no good features. Even the cut and remove feature on galaxy works almost every time where as iPhone doesn’t seem to work every time. So get to it Apple
Bro is lightning fast
My opinion is that I am very disappointed with the design from Samsung, it is almost the same as the s23 ultra, only the display has 2600 nits, this is the only thing that gives it an advantage, otherwise nothing interesting!  I'd rather stay with the s22 ultra, much better
Only US and SK are getting the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 across the board. The rest of the world is getting Exynos variant. I think that says a lot of how much they trust their own chips if they're not even selling it in their homecountry. I'm glad I got the S23 for a good discount.
I'll be upgrading from my Note20 Ultra😅 hope it's really worth it...
MrWhosTheBoss review > MKHB 🤷
Now there is exynos variant again in asia...not like s23 where every variant is snapdragon. It sucks
Fun fact : MKBHD VIDEO ABOUT S24 series . HAVE MORE VIEW THAN WHOLE ENTIRE SAMSUNGS LIVE VIDERO 😂
Titanium sides just got real.
"One more thing"
That 7 year OS update is a big W
Cool, I’ll check it out myself. Not going back to Samsung but what they have seems promising.
So glad I didn't wait for this phone. Loving my pixel pro. Getting rid of the 10x was a rumor which is why I didn't wait for this phone. I prefer the pixel OS. Only downside is the battery right now. No where near as good as my 3 year old S21 ultra battery
Hello,but Samsung galaxy s23 and s23 Plus it cames whit Exynos 2400 (4 nm) - Internațional and Qualcomm SM8650-AB Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 (4 nm) - SUA/Canada only,sad again.
Should say "When you get under the glass"
Exynos for my market sigh
still rocking my s10 here, no need to upgrade
Now with the AI, anything similar with call festures like Pixel?
Copying Apple so pathetic.
I am zooming 10x w t f
I'd love to get that dbrand magnetic case but I just have a hard time supporting them with their radical politics.
Love this phone and love the flat display, that alone in my most wanted upgrade.
Beast is here😂
😎🖖👌✌👍☝
"TITANIUM"  Seriously, this needs to stop.
As an IPhone user, I say; step up your game Apple 🍏.
To me, 24 and 24+ look better than ultra.
iphone s24
I am leaving this comment in hope that whenever someone likes it. I'll be reminded of this masterpiece.
Please remember to cover the weight in the review. My s22 ultra is great, but it is so heavy. Would love to know if that has improved with the 24
Worth the upgrade from 22u?
The S24+ is looking like a great deal
Nah repping d brand is messed up bro
Galaxy S6-S9 had 1440p displays.
It's just amazing to see how far technology has reached in these times. The funny thing is there are still a minority of iPhone users that are still gonna put down android and call it "inferior." I would say right now in 2024, BOTH Android and iOS are neck and neck.
I like the curved edge on my 22 ultra its more comfortable to hold dont like the flat edge apple look i dont want an apple look alike .... i dont like ai either it will be the downfall of society
I'm a fan of the slight curve. To my eye (so my opinion), it feels more esthetic in my hand.
Honestly wanna switch to a Samsung but those dumb green dots
Feels like samsung doesn't have much direction with their phones aside to just shed their identity more every year to become an iphone copy ...  They've been rehashing the same flagships since the s21 series, even remember Marques saying that the 23 felt like an "eco" round to keep more features for the 24 lineup - which now turns out to be more or less a software update  that the previous flagships will get no doubt and a downgraded 10x to 5x  zoom cam.
u can search an image or whatever ....with g lens ....by swiping up from a lower corner of the screen
Wasn't there a "screen search" (or whatever it was called) feature in google assistant like a decade ago?
I love him but he even don't know me❤❤ i am watching him since 2015
OUT WITH BIXBY! IN WITH SAM!!!!!!
Marques downloading Hindi audio pack felt good 7:05 😅
Anyone else getting cyberpunk vibes from that real-time translation? Just need a hololens now.
As someone who recently switched from an android to an iPhone 15 Pro Max, I regret it every day! The best and worst thing about the iPhone is iOS, it’s too locked up and annoying to do anything otherwise simple on any other android device. I honestly can’t wait to switch back to android and the S24 Ultra looks like a much better option for me!
The s24 plus is amazing
Please include call quality in your review. No reviewer tests the call quality anymore. That is priority for me
Wow ❤
why buy a phone that imitates the iphone, when you can buy an iphone.. .for the same amount of money?
Nice to see Bixby is still around. Seriously. When I had a Samsung, it was so handy to be able to adjust phone settings using voice that would otherwise take way too many presses to do manually. Was really good.
I might upgrade too the Samsung galaxy s24 ultra but I have got the Samsung s23 ultra
That’s it I’m selling my 15pm
I don't know if I'm going to turn my iphone 15 pro in for the S24 Ultra or wait a bit for the reviews...
Wonder if he is writing a book...
The video is great, across the board))))
Kinda looks like a HTC
Where did bro even find this 😔
Who else is watching instead of the livestream
Bro never disappoints.
Everytime u troll Samsung and appreciate only iPhone
Ain't those prices in Europe and we get Exynos. Sticking with my S23+.
Curious to see what AI features will the S23 Ultra and Z Flip/Fold 5 will get as they did say some features will be updated to selected older phones!
Still no micro sd card slot??
Mkbhd downloading hindi ❤
You can get s24 ultra 512gb now for less than 1000€ with 6 months contract plus buds2pro free
Says on the website that the AI feature is free till end of 2025...
Bruhh you faster than Samsung 😂😂😂
I hate paying for a new phone and feel like buying an old model. I'm waiting for changes to change my S22+
Is the GEN 3 chip on all 3 models US only? I'm in UK and my provider says the 23 is exinios, 23+ GEN 2 and only the Ultra is GEN 3, Many thanks
Not a word on the exynos cpu for Europe ?
Does samsung know you got their phone ??
I refuse to buy Samsung until they bring back the Micro SD slot
Full review tomorow ?
Good riddance! Thank god for no more curved screens! The era of curved screens is over!!
Samsung features are levels above any other smartphone brands..
iPhone body !!!!!! Yummmm
Nice one @ flagship chip 😅 smooth
Apart from dabbling in Windows Phone, I’ve always been an iPhone devotee. However, Apple seems to be critically trailing AI in all facets of its business, way behind say Google Assistant, that this S24 lineup is piquing my interest. I wonder if Bill Ackman is thinking shorting Apple stock is a good investment 😊
I need that S24 ultra wallpaper on my S23 ultra 🤩
With my S22 base im waiting for S25 , 2 gen is rarely a good bump
At 3:44 not a theory, a hypothesis, theory once proven
Back to FLAT screens - FINALLY. That curved edge crap was the dumbest shit ever.
So will there be Exynos versions of the phones for different regions, or it’s Snap Dragon for all regions?
I wasn’t upgrading my S22 Ultra. Now Idk 🫢
Im curious is the 24Ultra will be worth it for anything other than the camera since its $300 more than the 24+ for 100mAh and a barely bigger screen and then the Spen and camera upgrades
Okay, I was sure my next phone would be the S23 Ultra (upgrading from my now 5 years old Note 9), but all this AI stuff seems to be a gamechanger... Now I might need to wait another year to get the S24...
Best
Does MKBHD always skip hardcore Gaming thing in a smartphone review or I am just a person who do not realise it is actually here.? Hope there will be some minutes for gaming experience in full review..
Is the s24/24+ grey color more of a silver or a white color? every image or video shows it differently! :/
P8P or 24ultra 👀
Nice job calling qhd+ 120hz on a plus phone copied from apple
It's sad that a few software tweaks are being touted as next-gen. All of these features can be replicated by simply downloading third-party apps. Don't get me wrong, these are nice features, but they don't seem worthy of next-gen status. Every year, new device releases seem so incremental and lacking in innovation. This is, at best, a software update. As always, though, I appreciate the excellent content from MKBHD. I came here first 😊
Hardware update is getting fewer and fewer 😢 when are we going to see In-display selfie camera..?
Shutter speed vs the older S23U. Have they fixed it? 🤔
Love the "A lens theory"
Will get the AI features on s23 U?
Did he just give us a hint that he is comming to India?😅 7:04
You have not watched the full release event today. They explained more clear about all the features. why hurry to release the videos.
The design for s24+ is now completely the same as the A series, which are three times cheaper than the s series
2:40 Actually across the Atlantic the S24 and S24+ now have the Exynos 2400.
Finally, I'm gonna buying an S23 Ultra, not S24. I think this is overrated.
funny how most of these things already existed in a slightly different format for years, and now they are reselled as ai powered features
Is it just me, or "being excited about that new phone that is coming up soon" is long long gone now. There is zero desirability, zero hype. Same old glass brick. And the thing is, when my s20+ works as well as it does, why would I wanna upgrade.. hmm
Cant wait to buy s24u
I’m about to go to South Korea next year to visit my Mom’s family for the first time and could use that translate feature as we won’t be able to talk to each other 😂😂 that feature is so cool
3:45 that reference was great lol
Updated software and cameras let me hurry up and buy that. Not
Im so glad they got rid of the curved screen on the ultra, it was cool but the plastic screen protectors were so bad
AI features alone does not justify the upgrade from s23 to s24. They are bonuses to me and not must haves. This years update is lazy and disappointing at best.
im getting really tired of the hardware being the exact same every year
Damn, I gotta say that after this video I'm gonna consider samsung as an option for a future
Exynos 2400 in some regions fyi
With these AI features in photos, what you see online is getting less and and less believable.
Isn't this a copy of the Sony phones?
This circle to search with Google is way amazing.
I wish the Ultra started at £599
I have a pixel 7 and considering switching. Any one regret going from pixel to Galaxy?
3:48 the game theory reference was really nice
Careful with the whole "snapdragon 8 gen 3 across the board" thing because the base model and the Plus have exynos versions. Not everyone watching your videos is from the US.
The million dollar question is: do all of this feature need internet and go through a server? If the answer is yes: no, thank you.
Noice
it should recognize things instead of circleling stuff like how you make stickers on iphone , just a note
Marques the biggest Apple fanboy, for years Apple has been copying Samsung and Android in general, he was always quite, but when god forbid Android device did it, he can't stop mentioning in the video, didn't expect this lmao
Thanks
I actually might swap from my n20u. It looks sick
Finally symmetrical bezels, so so good!!!!!!
Samsung presentation with an apple on the background. What's the hidden message?
Samsung's corporate bots are hard at work in the comment section
3:45 game theory reference? MKBHD a gamer confirmed?
He's gonna get the BMW xm next.
Never late
Samsung should have to stick with its curvy display , this new design remind me  nubia red magic 8 pro design , but nubia have the under display front camera that the only different I have seen
The non ultra models have always had a higher appeal for me. The rounded corners, the consistent slim bezels and the individual camera rings just work best in that design 👌 As for the boxy ultra, I still think the Note 10 Plus was the best in that kind of shell. That phone was ahead of it's time.
They ain’t no iPhone 15pro 💪😉😘
"Yo" intro! Did i miss the end of "Hey what's up guys"
As someone who got the g1 on launch, mytouch, note3, galaxy 7 and then 10e: it still blows my mind how much absolute garbage they put on phones. Literally all the ai garbage should just be a play store app. Let phone makers see how popular and how many people will go out of their way for these 'upgrades'
They maxed out the cameras and the magapixels now it's A.I.
Samsung phones  just keep getting  better and better    mostly the camera  and  hardware
With current maturity of smart phones samsung should skip a year of new launch and say use last year phn no point us launching the same phn
The matpat shout was awesome we would all miss him❤
Same, same, same...
Pretty suprised that the interpretation is quite accurate
They made it a54😢
For god sake still 8gb ram for s24. What a stupidity for Samsung
That cute MatPat shoutout was everything ❤
It's funny Samsung increased the trade-in price and increase the price of the phone. Even with the trade-in it's hard to justify $1400 for that phone
Only wish for me is that the S-24 would have 512 GB instead of max 256! But mine is on the way! Thanks MB as always you're spot on!
5:57 these are primogems ⭐
I loved the MatPat reference
Damn.. I wasn't gonna upgrade from my S23 Ultra, but this AI stuff looks truly amazing 🙌
This is a Pixel with a Samsung UI and an iPhone shell.
Very impressive AI features. However, my region will be receiving the Exynos 2400 chip. I'd love to see some power efficiency and battery endurance tests done especially for the base S24 model.
so a lot of these new AI features have got to be given to them from partnership with Google right?
hello. I am Korean. You were wondering about the accuracy in the middle of the video, and it is very accurate. I look forward to seeing your videos in real-time translation. (Even now, your pronunciation is very accurate and you don't use difficult words, so I can understand it with just the English subtitles.
I will buy Samsung A54 and tell my friends I bought the new S24 😂😂😂
447k views in hour is crazy man
the S24 Ultra reminds me of those Nokia Lumia phones from yesteryears and thats OK! I love it!
It’s just a theory, a lens theory 3:45
I LOVE THIS FIGHT BETWEEN IPHONE 📱 AND SAMSUNG, GREAT PHONE📱
i have s23 ultra, no need to upgrade
So... it is a phone, cool :)
Mobile Gaming in 2024 should be seeing console titles fr🌝
They’re lovely😍
When will you do a review on oneplus 12?🥺
Why is the book person in the background looking at a book titled "NEX"?
The phone is basically a pixel 8 software and iphone 15 pro hardware merger😭
i waited since summer for the release of s24 to buy an s23 for cheap. The time has come. 😂
Love the MatPat reference!
This S24 ultra is really sick❤
3:45 hearing “a theory, a lens theory” almost made me cry 😭
I love how on apples new phone trailers people keep screaming, "same design ugh, dont ever buy the same phone" when samsung phones has looked the same for the past 4 years
Europe gets Exynos on S24 and S24+ still... Shame
iOS is so far behind now in terms of AI.
Can you do the S24 and S24 Plus review? With Europe having Exynos now... Ultra is going to be leaps ahead of the base models it seems
why is the video style a lot different than usual?
Apple sets the trend, others follow.
The Pixel better have major updates this year
Nahh. Apple and Samsung slowed down with their upgrades. I'll probably wait until next year.
What about collaboration with instagram and snapchat that they mentioned? Is now in-app camera optimized like for an iPhone?
okay thise features are actually kinda good. Interesting how its mostly software features and not hardware ones..?
@Marques, as a former user of Samsung A4 I cannot comprehend why you say "it looks like an iPhone". This design language was first in Samsung, THEN in Apple.
I’m seriously considering switching from an iPhone to a Samsung right now. Apple you better think of something big and cool otherwise im ditching apple for good.
The AI stuff is not interesting. It is nothing new and nothing you can't get from other apps. You have always been able to take screenshots and select text and send that to chatGPT or whatever you want. This Galaxy event was like watching the Microsoft and Google AI events all over again, just mind meltingly boring.
Curious to see how strong the glass holds upon the ultra
Samsung watches Waveform Podcast confirmed.
Ничего нового , посижу дальше на своем galaxy s8 plus
I was gonna either fix my broken note 10 + or get a new S21 or 22... now I gotta ffix that phone because next phone I get has to be a S24+
The Matt pat shoutout made me sad man...
For someone who knows, now that the s24 ultra is out, i know it’s still early but preorder bonuses aren’t forever. What’s the best thing to buy between the Ultra and the Iphone 15 pro max
can the phones shoot log footage ?
Let's hope we can turn this AI crap off, who the hell wants fake pictures.
yoo it's an iphone
Ima get the phone and ima order the grip case
Do you believe this brings them closer to dedicated pro cameras and zoom accessories?
No need to upgrade..I'll keep my s3 ultra.
Nope all these features originated from Apple! All Samsung and any other smartphone company just copied Apple.
Samsung S24 Software Upgrade
How are galaxy fans making fun of Apple for looking the same and the Samsung does  the exact same thing?
The very first "smartphone" ever made!
Really disappointed in the camera hardware. The 10x zoom removal I think is a good thing...5x is more useful and the 10x quality should be at least similar. It's that none of the other cameras improved, none of the optics improved, there was 0 mention of video which is a big deal, no mention of flat or log picture profiles, and I can only assume there has been no improvements at all in video and barely any on the photo side
I was just about to complain how Dbrand won't include magsafe with the Grip case and then Marques says that they included it this year.  I wonder if the S24 Ultra Case will fit the S23 Ultra, so that I too could enjoy that magsafe goodness.
Omg! Smartphone becomes Superphone. So excited! Whoah!
Seeing all these AI features makes Mission Impossible Dead Reckoning seem real
Ill enjoy these phones in 1.5 years when im out of my carrier contract
Do you know if the S23 ultra will also be getting the AI functionality at some point? Aside from that, the S23 Ultra would suit me fine. I dont particularly need all the bells and whistles that come with the 24 ultra, but still want that 5000mAH battery
Welp I just ordered mine from T-Mobile today so should be here by the 31st can't wait
AI:  Next conquer the world...
I was wondering if I should get a pixel or the new samsung, but with all these AI features that i loved about pixel, it makes the decision easier and i'm leaning more towards the samsung
Compare it with S23 Ultra in full review
Hole in the screen so no way!
I need the live translation for British people. I have no clue wtf they're saying half the time and we're speaking THE SAME LANGUAGE 😂
Pricing?
me who watching this video only 10$ in my bank account
I did my waiting. 12 years of it in Azkaban.
Shout out to matpat 😢
Sad that it's exynos for international variants tho, big yikes on the specs
Trust the features. Trust the review by Marques. Stop using iPhone, we're gonna be in the US in ten years and iPhone is gonna be the only thing allowed if we don't put a stop to them.   Young people Mr beast and Sydney Sweeney are now endorsing Samsung. Might as well hop on the Samsung train now and not wait before it to become cool.
Rip curved screen...
AI is such a marketing bs buzzword.
Marq, as someone who never uses wireless charging, if they remove it? What could they add in that space? Thanks
Do not lie to us, it is s23, oh or they are fuc*ing the same phones but more expensive. I hate nowadays tech dudes and companies, literally no progress and dude makes 10 min sponsored video...
Funny the S24 looks just like the S23 FE which has the same squared design language as well.
Fr
These Google features are dope. Imagine them at a full capacity on a Google pixel 💯🥵
would be nice if you had access to the special colours. S24 series is okay, nothing like the hype around S23 series.
thanks for such quick and interesting review👍
"and then the big dog"......?????????
that Ultra looks so good, loving the flat screen
Bro's more excited about apple flagship compared to samsung flagship 🙂
Crazy that Apple slimmed the thick bezels that everybody hated on… and then Samsung be like “we’ll take their old design and we’ll run with it… again” 😂
More than meets the (A)eye
Curious on the regular S24 battery life now that it has a bigger battery. I'm sick of the huge size of the S23 Ultra. Was definitely also hoping for Qi2/MagSafe but guess that'll be next year.
For a review video, one thing that would be nice to see is whether the GS24 has Qi2 charging compatibility or not.  I saw where that wasn't confirmed and it would be nice to have that figured out.
How is apple gonna react to this?? Are they going to introduce apple AI or are they going to wait 2 years to see if it’s worth adding… Cuz it looks awesome🗿
Hi
I'm a android type but always loved the iphone build. With Samsung I never liked the skin and the baked in apps that I don't like. At the moment I'm on z fold 4 but will be going back to OnePlus.
4:11 those prices are lies
Only disappoint for me is the colors. That S22 green was 🤤
Wow live translator on the phone call🤯 thats fantastic and unheard of
4000 mA battery is actually nothing given that the amount of AI and camera features quantity is just enormous. Samsung phones have never been the best in terms of battery but  this time this may be even worse.
I'm looking forward to testing out that new zoom, slow-motion, and other cool features
Everything is perfect but edge display is missing 🥲
How does iphone compare to all these features, they need to wake up
Shout out to matpat ❤❤
i used 10 x alot, im not realy happy about the 5x.
i love this design tbh
God the rounded corners are very cheap looking..
does the s24 like have Qi2 wireless charging
Prebooked ❤ samsung
What about Exynos in Europe? 😢
gorgeous
Not impressed,I'm keeping my S23 Ultra
Did Samsung really let you reveal this before their event was over?
The thing about the AI features is that they will become a payment thing after a year so, we’ll see how many people will pay for them
Where is that 16gb ram option?
Yes going to purchase ❤
So, now... why a Google Pixel?... just for the price?... I bought a Pixel 7Pro in 2022, and now, all the new features are only for Pixel 8 and 8Pro. A shame
Samsung just copies iPhone.
sponsored by Samsung
ios users triggered and mad in the comments 🤣 Competition is good for everyone y'all.
please talk about the new AI chip
В чем разница 😅
All the way around.
I got the 23ultra got money but i dont wanna upgrade
I’m so excited…. Maybe this year Siri will be smarter than a 5 year old.
Iphone has samsung tech. Iphones could not make rounded edges. It was a feature of samsung and also feels better in your pocket. Not a fan of the new display
Why are Samsungs getting Google bard features BEFORE pixel 7 and 7 pro? It seems like Google is completely abandoning their own devices, honestly what a letdown
snapdragon again USA only or?
LENS THEORY
They really couldn't have done anything to make me less interested in this series of phones than stuff them full of AI parlor tricks that do nothing even remotely worthwhile other than help them more deeply bed in their online fingerprinting of users. I'm willing to accept to some extent that my phone is not secure or private, thus why I do most of my important things elsewhere, but having them harvesting data at as granular a level as this stuff will be asking for just to what? Make Google marginally less useless? Fake a picture? Organize an adhoc note? Less than worthless.  I kinda figured they wouldn't make a case for my upgrade to be to an S24 instead of an S23, I didn't think they'd actively propel me away from it by basically only focusing on the array of nonsensical software fidget spinners they've baked into the side of these devices that function as data generating skinner boxes.
Didn't I hear that you needed to be connected to the internet for this to work? Meaning that the AI stuff doesn't run off the phone?
shout out to matpat
Here in the UK the S24 and S24+ are using the Exynos 2400 for Galaxy chip, only the S24 Ultra is using the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 for Galaxy That's according to Samsung's official website
Does anyone know if the new Snapdragon chip will be a US only thing? I haven't seen anyone talking about this
Same same but different.....more like it🥰
You forgot to mention that the Pixel 8, Pixel 8 Pro are getting Circle to Search as well since Google is teaming up with Samsung and letting them use it.
The flash placement is wack
Iphone 16 pro needs to inspire all d cool stuff from s24😎
AI looks pretty cool!! Will that be on the 24+
True be told phones ain't the shxt any more, sure they have been beefed up with power but this is garage, it's like watching the same episode
I think a lot of this AI stuff is just software gimmicks .. I really do think for now that we've reached peak smartphone tech.
It would be interesting to see if AI can get rid of pimple on his face real time 😂
That 3x zoom at 10mp seems redundant now. I rather take a few steps back to use the 50mp 5x zoom. I can further crop in with better details.
For those isheeps who r willing to tell that, Samsung is Copied Samsung for 5x zoom Lens ... Let me tell you, go and watch S20 Ultra's video... You'll know ;⁠)
7:20 i hope there's Cantonese...
Are the Galaxy phones still locked in with Bigsby?
its exactly same like s23 ..but when apple does this then samsung fan gets butthurt
I will hang on to my s23 ultra.
S24 and S24 plus are running on exynos chips in europe bro
It's  not squared up like an iphone, they just follow the same strategy of "change x evey few years to make it look innovative" im pretty sure in less than 5 years they'll both once again go back to curved sides claiming it's for better grip and comfort
Good video.. i hope to see what they do with the new fold
Ultra aka Note with Bixby crying at the Corner 😄 thinking ds wd hv bn my day
If I could get this with stock Android, I'd buy it
Nice review my brother
S24 tops at 256Gb?!!! I had that with S9! You can buy other phones up to 1Tb. You cant have bigger pics and video files but not upgrading the size of the storage. Especially when there is no microsd option.
Why Exinos (except US/Canada)
Gametheory mentioned wooooohooo
waiting for the review of s25 next year
Review is scary fast 😊
Bro why are you looking up skirts
Yes shoutout to Matt patt!!!!
Yall stay saying Samsung copying Apple but when it's clearly the other way around... no wants to talk about it 🤔🤔 let's remember the 23 series was supposed to get the titanium frame but Samsung pushed it back
so when samsung copies apple nobody bats an eye… (only design wise tho)
I'm really glad they didn't tie all the ai stuff to bixby. I'm glad they realize people don't really like it lol
I need the comparison between S24 Ultra and S23 Ultra... and I need to know if battery on the S24 series is better than the S23 series
wow they really copied iphone on this one loll titanium color hahah
so it’s basically the s23 + AI
Apple probably need to really hurry to add these features. The next generation of "Pro" phones is all about AI. Looks like Google pioneered it and Samsung is really leading the market this time. Apple needs to catch up quick if they don't want to be left behind.
still, watch this with my s10+ 🥲
9:53 why are you taking about copying apple's homework. You don't copy homework from the fellow students who reached your class but is still studying 3 years older syllabus, do you ? They are partnering and sharing knowledge and making masterpieces with google instead the more up-to-date player
3:44: "but this is all just a theory, a lense theory" MARQUES QUOTING MATPAT 😭😭😭
AI seems a bit normal not like something new to actually get the audience excited or to buy it
is the s24 ultra worth it? i got the samsung note 9
MKBHD is never satisfied with Android devices specially Samsung...i kinda like him for old days
The S24 Ultra looks good, but I'd rather go after the Fold 5
3:47 - Its just a theory, A LENZZZZZZ THEORY. say cheese!
Finally no more curved edge on the Ultra! They served little to no use and made it difficult to install screen protector.
Snapdragon is only for US across the board.  UK peeps get the joy of Equinox on everything except the Ultra
Hah its a flimmm theorryyyy!!!
the plus didn’t get bumped up in display res, it got bumped BACK
Exynos in Europe for S24/S24+, hope it's improved...
This is such a depressing device. It's the lack of innovation that Samsung fans have been trashing on Apple with for years, with a fancy schmancy AI gimmick that does nothing more than what your phone can already do, but maybe 2 seconds quicker. Samsung has fallen flat on its face again this year, they need to do better if they want to break into Apple's youth stronghold. Not even Mr. Beast was able to save their event.
As an S22 Ultra user, i am happy with my phone except thr battery. I might trade in my phone for an S24 Ultra in Titaium Violet. I love that this year not only did the Ultra models get 12GB of Ram across the noard but also the Plus models which is dope. Its a shame though the 512 and 1TB Ultra models didn't get 16GB of Ram while the new Asus ROG phone goes up to 24GB of Ram.
About the @dbrand grip case, on Google Pixel 8 Pro they did the one big lazy window cutout...
Aaha!! The pixel easter egg at 6:30 ??
$1000 and you get a big "fk you, no 200mp for you", oof
I think the image instant search thing should extend to translation. It's like one of the most freaking useful feature anyone can have and not sure why Google hasn't include that in their OS all these years.
Just pre-order my 24 ultra, I had it in the 7 years of software update
i am half way and i have already decided I am selling my 15PM! Useless shit to own...
is the Snapdragon gen 3 chipset all across the regions?
7 year OS is huge. I just got my Pixel 8 for 150$ after promotion deals and S21 trade in. I miss Samsung tho and am teetering on the S24+ or S24 ultra. The price for the ultra, size, and squared edges is making me hesitate. But that Blue option from Samsung store is GORGEOUS
Now the big question, s24u or 15pm?
5:20 "i hate miui" 😭😭
They copied Apple with the titanium
Shit now I need to buy Samsung S24
"Shout out matpatt" why did you have to remind me🥲
Never been so uninterested in the new phone before
bros, cant even login to buy. take my money samsung
That pimple was so distracting...
There is nothing No more such a Major Update More than S23 Ultra... We can easily do the AI Features also in S23 Ultra, but they are hidden in S23 Ultra. Samsung Added these Useless Features and they Increase the Price and Change the Name as S24 Ultra...😅😅😅
I am wondering if the new Samsung Galaxy S24 are certified with the new Qi2 wireless charging standard, or are they still only Qi certified…
That visual search thing is fckn insane. come on Apple do something
ai is taking us down
The whole AI thing is a total gimmick at the moment.
So Sammy just released a Note series phone nice!
I can finally buy the S10 plus
Snapdragon across the board only in some regions. That's a pretty huge oversight in the video.
The samsung app on s22u doesn't work I wanted to order all I get is blue circle
Haven’t considered smartphones as exciting tech for at least 7 years. I actually find laptops back to be more exciting
Titanium and flat display... hmmmmm same design hmmmmm😂      oh god here come the apple and android fan boys😂
I want to see reliability for ages. If I'm spending over 800 dollars for a 256 gb variant then it better be lasting me years.
Next year all phones  will go back to curved screen 😂. Rinse and repeat
Never liked the curved edges but now with the s23 ultra I like them now
Exynos chip in India 😢
Actually i really expected the samsung magic editor to be done much faster because of that snapdragon chip but it seems like it does it only a bit faster than the pixel 8 . 🤷‍♀
Flat screen finally on S24 Ultra is big regrets for upgrading from Note 20 Ultra to S23 Ultra this last year 😭
The curves were better although the screen was a bit annoying on the edges
AI shots fired, ball is now in Alphabet and Apple's court.
Seems like AI made this video
Man posted the review before Samsung posted the Trailer !
Is ANYONE SURPRISED that we can't trade in the z fold 4 for the s24????? I'm legit shocked and pissed
Wait. We have Exyons here in Europe.
We back
I dont normal check out Marques when i wanna know about Samsung cause i know  he's a Apple Fan Boy and kinda bias towards Samsung
Glad you selected Hindi language in Phone app
"yo"🤨
I'm just looking forward to what this AI can do in the future. Just got S23 Ultra half a year ago and I love it. By the time I get to my next upgrade in 4-5 years it'll be super developed by the trajection of it
Once again a US Youtuber forgetting about most of the world getting shat on by Exynos
Nice, a pixel with a bad experience 😀😀
I would have liked to see a dynamic resolution option where you can set different resolutions for different apps. It would be a good way to save on battery life. 720p for Spotify, app store, etc 1440p for gallery, social media, YouTube, etc.
How is cropping a photo and using the result to google it AI based?!
Yeah I'm gonna get the pixel 8 pro over the 24
SAMSUNG S24 U+ Which will have cameras like the 24 ULTRA and a 550PPI display but will not be Square with sharp corners!!!
Damn, was hoping Samsung Sam would have been the new face for Smasung Ai
is it exynos or snapdragon in s24 in india
If not for going to a green bubble I'd seriously consider buying S24 Ultra, looks nice but can't leave my iMessage
I would really like to win an giveaway of Samsung Galaxy S24 series done by you
joke of the day when talking about bixby lmaoo
Well well well
Yeah, no thank you. Since s20 there is nothing serious new.
How about talk to text is it better?
what is the best color
Same shit…. Copying iPhone 😂😂😂
Nice!!! Can't wait to see the full video!
What about Samsung notes tccessible on a PC.  I'm liking Samsung notes more and more because it can do a note like Evernote (multiple file types in one note) and just seems a little easier (because it is native? not an app?) -
I'm wearing the same shoes as you
W
Awesome
Yo MKBHD.... Welcome to the greying club 👀
Does anyone have any idea if and when Samsung will push the 'note assist ai' for existing devices such as Galaxy Tab S9?
Passport bro about start  going to every country on planet now
I had the note 9 for almost five years & she has been good to me. We traveled around the world multiple times. We close many deals together and because of you I was able to stay in contact with many new friends and family from around the world. Did many video calls and got closer to people emotionally because of you.  You were definitely there when I needed you the most. Time to upgrade to S24 Ultra.  Will miss you. ♥🙏♥🙏
Sadly, in Europe Samsung send s24 and s24+ with Samsung chip rather than Snapdragon gen 3. 😭😭
May be 15 pro max better than s24 ultra
I love how objective you are all the time.
New iPhones look great
This is what happens when android features are marketed well. like the fruit company, this is long overdue for Android
goodbye curved display
S24 ULTRA ❌ S22 ULTRA REMASTERED ✅
marqeus and samsung always go above and beyond
At this point bro must have been started testing the Samsung Galaxy S25 as we watch this video!
i'm so pissed, the s23 here in brazil is sold with the snapdragon, the 24 will be exynos again....
Did the video title change ?
Next year with S25 you just copy - paste video
Why does Roboto still exist across the interface, OMG?
I remember when Samsung used to be creative, now is all so tiresome.
Definitely going to be better than iPhone 16.
The upgrade to the S24 Plus is very, very welcome! Always should've been 1440, glad to see it get that bump!!  This WILL cut into sales of the Ultra, though. I got my S23 Ultra mostly because of the res.
For all of those who didn't know, the iPhone used Samsung screens, Samsung manufacturers' iPhone screens.  They work together, so don't even bother on arguing which phone is better. just enjoy the best of both worlds,life is about options, don't think is only one. And yes Iphone's are now made in china.  China now knows what the 80% of Americans are up to.
If the Live Translation would have a Klingon option the Star Trek nerds would lose it.
Soooo, qi2 still isn't quite ready? 😐
Who wants to hear Marques speaking Spanish? 😮
Samsung app doesn't work I'd you want to pre order
I love it
I hope the Gen 3 chip makes google switch from tensor for pixel 9
Basically all this told me is that Apple spends the time to actually think things through and get things right the first time. And Samsung does not.
S3 last good Phone honestly
The hype for new phones just isn't what it used to be. I used to feel dirty using a device for more than and now I keep them for 2 years. 😅
When you said "this is just a theory" my heart warmed up 🥲, shout out Matpat you will be missed.
Wait… Spanish lemme see?
Yup, I'm getting this phone. I'll trade my s23 ultra for this.
Poor man iphone lol
AI this, AI that. Remember when I used to buy Android because it had less features I didn't need/use. Now I buy Apple for that same reason. Both are around the same price range anyways.
I was wondering with the caller AI. Like the example he used, does the other user who speaks another language also have to have an s24? Like if i called someone who had an iphone, would this feature just be useless?
Dude got the phone before it was even available 💀
So now it does some pixel stuff, lmk when it screens calls
I'm Big fan when you start your video with some unique music i think you have started the video with Gen3+ power
Hopefully, they overhaul the Gaming Hub to something actually useful to gamers. Samsung turned it from an alright games launcher to one infested with games that I have no interest in. That, and maybe integrate the game plugins with the launcher, instead of hiding them in the Samsung Store.
How come circle to search is only available for the new s24 series? really? do we need ai for that?????
Whelp 🤷🏻‍♂️ Samsung are making same design now, Hopefully people can shut up with the whole every iPhone looks the same 😅
Can your show the ringtone marquess?😊
Brotha' you're advertising software features as an upgrade from previous generation . EVERYONE knows that can be implemented at least 2 generations back , maybe more .  There's little to no talk about hardware upgrade because inside and outside everything is the same , just the soc is faster by a percent , a percentage that brings less than 10% improvement to 99.9% of phone use . Noice job SAMSUNG , And you're a great salesman Marquez .
Same phone for the last three years. No wonder why apple overtook them  in overall sales.
Bruh I just really don't like the corners on the ultra :/
As a pixel 7pro user and dealing with the curve screen --- f the curve screen.
Currently a Pixel 5 owner and was about to get the 8Pro, my intuition told me to hold off and see what Samsung had in store. This may seem like the winner, as much as I love the Pixel line, Samsung has some exceptional reliable hardware.   I will miss my Pixel features like "now playing" but I'm sure a launcher can solve some of those issues. Wondering if I should go back to team Pixel or venture for with the new with Samsung!
Considering how often I use the optical crop on the main sensor of my s23u, the 5x with higher megapixels was probably the right call.
9:27  So we got frame generation Soon we gonna get " Turn on Rtx " feature lol
Tech is scary
Big W on the 7 year OS upgrade.
Most of these Ai features are software based. Any chance these will make their way to the S23/22?
Wasn't Bard created by Google. And doesn't that therefore mean Samsung is in open collaboration with them instead of just taking their ideas
It’s just a theory
:( i want the curveee man
My main question is: what is PWM frequency of the screen? We knew all the other bits through previous leaks, but not the literally the most important info :D
That shout out to Mat Pat tho. I'll miss him when he leaves.  BUT HEY, THAT'S JUST A THEORY — A FAN THEORY.  THANKS FOR READING.
Time to get rid of that Bixby. Google only would be best.
I desperately want more info about that ring
Wondering if Samsung restricted editing images other than what they provided. Samsung edited the same picture on stage. Waiting for the full review. Interested in knowing how much of real useful AI stuff is there. Also for the camera as it start processing the image even before its taken…
Flat screen? Love it!!
im just gonna stay with my s22 till pixel upgrades their cpu prob till pixel 10, something about the pixel phone looks super appealing to me, I remember having my nexus 6p and the ui was so clean
I don’t see sammy boys complaining now that samsung litrally copied hardware of Iphones.
Lazy design?
The Samsung Galaxy S24 is going to be absolutely amazing with its sleek and slim design, taller screen, and that titanium frame. And the S24 Ultra is going to be even more impressive with its streamlined camera setup. But the real game-changer is the Galaxy AI, bringing mind-blowing features like real-time translation during phone calls. It's going to be so cool to see what Samsung has in store for us next! 📱✨
The flat screen on ultra is a big upgrade but the cost is just too much 😂. Samsung catching up hard.
I stay with my S23 Ultra with a real 10x  Zoom and no pixel binning!!!
Galaxy phones are like a copy past from a lot of other phones. as usual.
Seven years OS update, wow buying it straight up
5:18 first thing that pops up is "I hate MIUI 14" LOL
Samsung OVER Apple.  PERIOD!  Marques Houston...
So not even you knew about the ring? Trusted you with the phones, but not with the ring?
The best time to upgrading from the s20 + to s24 + the returns of the 1440p screen
I use 10x for my kids sports
Samsung spent years trolling iPhone and Apple and all the while they were trying to be them.  Look at their users cope in the comments. "I like the new design" "Im glad they didnt change much this year" "This is what we've been waiting for"   All stuff they crap on Apple for...   Can't make this up. lmao
MatPat reference. Let's gooooo
I'm totally more interested in the smaller version of these phone. Hope to see more detailed reviews soon!
These AI features sound exactly like gadgets in the futuristic media of the past. Especially the live call translation one.
It's the 7 year for me
You forgot to mention that they will only be shipped with Snapdragon Gen 3 in the US, Canada, and China (Unlike the last year). The rest of the world will get Exynos 2400 with the non-Ultra ones, a significantly weaker chip.
Which color did you like best on the ultra?
More than meets the AI, surely?
Your review is not valid. Iphone fan! You're on apple payroll
The Samsung took a real big leap this year tbh and i was watching the live a bit late u r video was out like 19 mins before I started watching the live and after like 30 mins i see them talking about the s24 ultra i was like MKBHD got here faster than the creators 😂
I'm curious to see how the translator handles different dialects and slang.
So Samsung AI doing easy work for FBI kkkkk
This is the real unpacked ❤😂
Only the Ultra is running the SD8 Gen 3.
I srsly love samsung, I save so much money on concerts, I get the same vibe like being in the front row, I think I saved around 1k bucks 2023
I just watched the live event and this video was way more entertaining.
Most of the phones industry are getting boring, power, numbers, and software incorporations
So it's Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 or the rest of the world is going to get the crappy Exynos ver.?
Title should have been "More than Meets the AI!"   It was right there.
I just want some basic "smart" functionality on my phone and I hope all this AI hype is ready to meet my expectations. My dream is going to bed and just saying "OK Google, turn on all my alarms" And it just does that. Understanding prompts and doing it, not just understanding basic commands, that are almost just as quick to do yourself. When it can do that, I'm sold.
I'm still pretty pleased with my S22 Ultra, and honestly having the 10x telephoto is really a must for me now because I use it so much. I'd love seeing a video of how it compares between S22 (or S23, since it's pretty much the same) and the S24. I still plan on sticking with my S22 for another year or three, but I could see them sticking with the 5x optical zoom for the foreseeable future.
I moved from s21 ultra to s23 ultra. one thing i dont like is the curved screen. Its so expensive to replace and hard to protect comparing to the flat screen. Its probably why Samsung goes back to flat screen. Also, I've used Essential Phone before, so titanium frame is nothing new to me, even Apple made a big deal of it.
Hey Marques, the S24+ starts at 256gb. The only one that has a 128gb model is the regular S24
Download some Indian languages and finally understand what tech support is saying
7:15 that's literally cyberpunk, very cool!
What if you Cropt the AI image to not show the icon in the bottom left? just thinking here..
I hope the translation thing is way more accurate than Google. Google is way off and can occasionally be embarrassing if you don't cross the check the results. That's a lot of work for sentence to sentence or even word for word verification. Here's hoping tho🤞🏽.
2nd look.
Why people are not talking about Samsung given international version with different processor with the same price tag. I think is not fair
Nothing new on story this time like iphone
9:34 triggered Bixby lmao
Like apple boring boring same old this ai  stuff is so marketing bs.
Wifi 7 will be interesting to test about in the phone
How to beat iphone? Be iPhone 😂
Why does the S24 feel like Google's Nexus version of Samsung 🤔
why do they have to bring the exynos.. nobody asked for it
How the hell this dude get info or phones before the live stream lmao 🤣
im glad i went with the nubia z60 Ultra. Was going to hold off for a s24u review and to me it seems pretty much the same as s23u. I wanted to switch it up. I couldnt pass up the 6000ah battery, uninteruptted display and ir blaster. Same old same old.
Am i the only one that double checks if my phone can also do this stuff?😢
6:39 We went from watching live translate in sci-fi movies and now it is here just like in the movies. Damn
idk why but i cant unsee you using the "shocker" for air quotes in the intro
3:44 and this is why you are the goat
Phone looks cool, but the more ai features coming, the more I think about about trying something like Ubuntu Touch. If they’re there and optional, that’s great
Why does it have curves where there should be corners? That's stupid. I want my full screen. Hard pass on that generation. Edit: Oh it's not the Ultra, that's shaped properly. Smart move then, forcing you to upgrade to the best one to avoid the stupidest screen shape since they started doing punch holes for zero reason. Doesn't affect me but I still feel bad for the small phone people.
Please dont fall for the 7 years of updates advertising.   I said it when the Google launched as well: No one still uses their phone from 7 years ago! That's 2017, Samsung Galaxy S8, Google Pixel 2, iPhone 8  Just because they provide the update, doesn't mean people will continue to use it for that long
Crazy how Samsung will bring all these features to the S23 Ultra in a couple months. If they don’t, they’re just saying this phone will be useless next year
Speaking of DeX – is it still QHD at best?
The back of that phone cracks me up...
So crop out the watermark and change the metadata lable. Boom! Real pic.
the s24 looks sick!
Considering finally making the jump from the Galaxy S21 Plus, to the S24 Ultra..  I think it's time.  Still love the S21 Plus, works flawlessly and surprisingly there is no damage whatsoever (considering my butter fingers).  Been holding out from upgrading for some time now.. maybe it's finally time.  🤔
They AI for photos is a lot like Photoshops AI tech, very interesting but will be a couple of years before I upgrade.
Google search hits after this phone in market>>>>>>>>
Will they deliver AI to other older samsung galaxy phones?
Very underwhelming imo
Hahaha it's awesome you got it on day 1
256 is overkill, I'm good with 128 for years
I hate the fact that the flagship phones from Samsung look the same as their mid range and entry level smartphones. When I am paying extra I would want some differentiating factor that is recognisable from a distance.
Buy a guitar 🤘🎸
Pixel will be losing its mojo   Maybe giving access to bard, Gemini to phone manufacturers will plumer pixel 's market share
I need a WHITE S24 Ultra!!!
I love these phones
Finally a flat screen for the ultra
Contento de saber que hablas Español mi amigo🌟
Copying apple's homework?? Where tf did they do that??
There will be an alien 👽 invasion on October 22nd, 2033.   Be prepared earth 🌎.
I don't like those app icon 😢
they just rebrand google pixels and start to sell theirs, plus aiming to sell s24 plus series much more with the specifications they just added
Now the question is should I upgrade from my S20 or wait for S25?
Out of soo.. many languages Marques chose HINDI.😊 7:06
MATPAAATTT
5 cameras is crazy.
Honest Question. I just got a s23ultra for a good price. I upgraded from an LG Wing. Do you think it is worth trading in for the s24ultra?  Right now, it would be $399 for a 500 gig 24ultra with all the trade-ins. I really dont use the phone for anything besides pictures and battery.
we have AI engines in phones for years, all these software features should come to at least s23 and maybe even s22
You did a better job selling me on the phone than the unpacked event did lol.
I don't like squared off edges,they aren't as comfortable to hold as the curved ones even if just by a bit, and the fact the ultra already had uncomfortable sharp corners makes this my least liked design out of any tech besides the apple's magic mouse.
What is the processor of s24 plus in canada?
Idk how many of you remember, but this feature @5:00 seems similar to the "what's on my screen" feature of Google Assistant back in the day, ig in  2018-19. But they removed the feature in a couple of months. It was one of my favorites.. glad they are bringing it back, and renaming it.
I learned more from this short video than the entire live stream from Samsung. Great video. Looks like I'll be ordering a dbrand case to go with my phone.
This is MKBHD 🔥🔥🔥 the baap of tech videos!!!
Htf u doing this 😅
Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 across the board in USA and Canada only :D
EU models dont get the snapdragon chip, only the Ultra, rest are Exynos!
Exynos 2400 outside the us. 90% of people don't bother (or even can't understand) with software so this is a minor update for them.
4:16 the chipset is mentioned as Exynos 2400 for S24 and S24+ in the Samsung website.
Forgot about 7 year updates
Absolutely NAILED it Samsung. Cheers 🥂❤
MKBHD phone video without using the word "similar" challenge: IMPOSSIBLE
I'm done with Marques's vidoe and the live stream hasn't even talked about the phone itself. That's why I always come here first
I saw a camera comparison between the s24 ultra and the iphone 15pm, and the results were disappointing. The level of detail on the galaxy's images is WAY less than on the iphone. I'd love to see a detailed camera comparison between the Galaxy s24 and the Pixel 8 pro -- as, so far the Pixel 8 pro captures the most detail overall of any smartphone I've tried.
Disappointed with the presentation... Hopefully youtubers can show better than Samsung
SAMSUNG COOKED THIS YEAR
MKBHD when apple copies something from Samsung: 'Yeah so Apple finally decided to adopt this feature'  MKBHD when Samsung copies something from Apple: 'Yeah, Samsung copied Apples homework'  Noice👍
Daddy of all smartphones
Will we get software update for s23 ultra for Ai features
Samsung : hates iPhone. Makes all phones look like iphone.
not a big enough increase to retire my s22 ultra
The S24 and S24+ use the exynos 2400 chipset in my country... 😭
Samsung fam here 🤙👋
Im liking the new flat design. Think ill be upgrading from my iphone back to android this year
Latin America with Exynos 😮‍💨, I'll just get an S23
Same shit like last year, people don't care anymore the hype for smartphones is over
Ok, I have massive regret now , wish I had waited for the ultra . Just got the pixel 8 pro and most of the features are region locked 😢. Worst part is 5g/volte is region locked . I travel a lot for work and after using the pixel 8 pro for 3 months I have come to a conclusion that Samsungs are way better for the international market outside the US.  Can't wait to change the pixel .
I have the S23 Ultra 512gb. Is it worth upgrading?
But why no 8 gen 3 in India or Europe?
Who are 128gb phones made for? I avoid em cuz I know it's a waste of money, but a cousin of mine fell into the trap, and after just a few months of buying his new shiny phone is saying he's having to look for another phone cuz his storage is full
I like it I'm sticking with my 23 ultra but I'm excited for the 25 series
I use 10x all the time.. love the look... it'll be missed
Look who's talking. Apple fanboy
3:46 : thanks for watching !
Should I buy S24+ ?  I have the S23 basic one now
How do you use the circle to search if you don't use button navigation 🤔
Lesson learned. Stick to your current phone
Thank the gods those terrible curved displays are going away! Took them long enough
Fast search exists in Pixel phone since very very long ago. I always use it to search or to even copy text from apps that don't support taxt copying.
Waaaaaait the new one officially supports magsafe??
Phones are becoming  boring small upgrades
Good job Samsung, humans need AI a lot!!!
I don't think so Samsung tryna copy Apple "blatantly".... Come on MKBHD!
65W charging speed?
The best s24ultra approved by the big honest tech I believe ❤
I wish Samsung would take its regular model more seriously. Not everybody wants a giant phone.
Hindi 😊😊
Exynossssss biggest bullshit in 2024 of Samsung If agree 👍 like the comment
Oooooooo this makes me so excited for the qualcomm arm chip omdzzz
You be hatin on Samsung let's see how this Goes 😂
I wish they would have added the ability to record to an external hard drive like the iPhone 15 .  I think they missed an opportunity there
Finally!!
The samsung iphone lol
pov : apple user first impression of s24 ultra
Guess I'm not upgrading this year either
I got sad when he mentioned matpat 😢
Just one small thing. According to Samsung the smallest Ultra, the 256 GB has 8GB RAM not 12.
I stopped watching the stream just to get the highlights from you since it's always the same old segments... I just care about getting my SD card and high fidelity headphone jack back 😭 Ps. I love how everyone is mentioning MatPat in their videos ❤
Pitaka also makes a case, with camera cutouts for each lens that also has magsafe. And it's way slimmer. So there's that
Only upgrade i see here from the s23u is the flat display.
subscribed! waiting for those reviews ❤
I am not into the ultra phone but the s24 & s24+ is so tempting.
Bye iPhone 15 Pro Max, hello S24 Ultra. Love the AI features!
Marquees is such an apple shill always saying how Samsung looks like iphone but doesn't call out apple when they do the same. I'm sure it'll be an excellent phone just as all other Samsung's before it.
this design gives me high hopes for the Z Fold 6
So when does it get the BEND feature 🤔....
You speak Spanish too? Petition to cast MKBHD as Miles Morales.
Phones are so boring these days. 99% the same, 200% marketing.
I saw the initial part of the video and was happy thinking that there was a white color option. I guess not. 😔
So flat edges and a Titanium colour I wonder where we've seen that before..
This is MKBHD AI :D .   Summarised everything for you. Better than original unpack event.
Did he just say "Copying Apple's homework" ? dude what
5:40 pixels having these from 2021
goat
Marques giving us the generative AI summary of the unpacked event!
What's that book looking thing he has on his shelf??
Can I circle a face and get the name of the celebretie?
Wish they add noise reduction on background like iphone and google
Nobody mentions that S24 now has LTPO 1-120hz display?
Just pre-ordered the S24+ in amber yellow. Can't wait to go back to Android after having iPhone.
Same circle feature in pixel 8series also, max Android mobiles will copy from pixel series bcoz pixel is no.1 in AI and in camera
yoooo flat screen, finally, might have a reason to upgrade from my note 9 lmao.
Gotta retire my s10+ from 2019.  But the price tag is insane
Pixel 8 Pro or Galaxy S24 Ultra? Any help or thoughts would be appreciated.
No sd card support no thanks....8k 100gb files for 30 seconds of video and super gigamegapixel cameras and no freaking place to store them. Not to mention if the SOC dies you loose all the things....WTF! stop pushing this trash
Is it using Snapdragon on all devices for US market only or worldwide though?
S20+ worth upgrading to s24??
That's great you informed us fast 👌
Is all the bloatware still there?
I liked the hat tip to matpat... We all will miss him.
He's got his own unpacked!
Every new phone nowadays barely have anything new 😂. What i need is something groundbreaking like a 3 day  battery with full use or something.
Apple Ads when i open de video 😂
Nice it's time to switch to ultra now.🔥
The big visual disadvantege of the base S24 Is that on the back it looks basically the same as S23FE, A54, A34 and A14, besides the different color pallettes. I imagine it'd be kinda frustrating to have your flagship phone mistaken from a budget A14...
Can you please review Nubia Z60 Ultra?
S24 ultra is the first phone which has more prelaunch videos on YouTube than there will be after launch …😅 so many leaks almost every week
100$ increase, and no new stuff that Is interesting, bunch of ai software things to track me more personally.
Always enjoying your reviews! Right now using S23, waiting for you to test S24s
So basically Google pixel in a Samsung body
I think they are going on same direction like Apple. They dont want to set a lots of tech things in the phone. When you see back in days , all samsung options gagets in a phone. And now. Nothing.... for me, A note 4 edge had more option than now.
Now they are back to flat screen, I may consider come back to samsung
When you said Snapdragon across the board I thought you mean Europe but seems we are getting an exynos LOL
So you speak Spanish.
Have had every Note and last year's Ultra. Got tired of the design being the same for the last few phones. Moved to the Flip 5 and am very happy. Found out I really don't need all the power and am loving the smaller pocket footprint. Just miss the screen fingerprint sensor and s-pen.
Will s23 have the AI feature?
Damn that guy has big hands
Who all saw he downloaded Hindi in the  language pack ?
Jumping straight from galaxy unpacked to MKBHD
S24Ultra❤
Samsung: 7 years support.  🔋: wait a minute...nope!
just 12G ram :(
Hey mkbhd! Gotta make a comparison video of galaxy s24 ultra and iphone 15 pro max soon! I need answers and i only believe you!
I would have ordered already, but I need some reviews of the 5x. I use my 10x zoom fairly often. I'll keep my s23 Ultra if rhe 5x isn't as good, and I don't see how it could be.
The squared-off design is exactly what I hoped (and sorta expected) Samsung would do this year. The screen curve on my S22 Ultra causes accidental screen inputs constantly. The only other thing I wish they would do is put 512GB storage into the base model phone. I want the smaller phone with an actually reasonable amount of storage.
looks like xperia
In the Netherlands the S24 and S24+ have a Exynos chip.🤬
first few seconds of the intro shot seems like very poor fps, what happened there?
S24 - 2024
I'm loving these... Especially the flat display on the Ultra. I gradually started to dislike the curves
Samsung S24 Ultra is perfect 🤩
The Violet Ultra is 🔥
Potentially dumb question from an iPhone owner thinking of transitioning. Do the Galaxies have a voicemail read out feature like the iPhone? Or do you have to call your voicemail and go through each message individually?
I've been waiting for this for a  long time
Excited!
Samsung zoom quality is still king
Still miss that these phones no longer have a SD card slot. I often find it pointless to film 4k, and I'm not paying for "cloud space".
Lovely 😍
Am not happy with the design...looks like a mid range Samsung
? That AI is in my OnePlus 7, i can google any photo by its photo need to text in search bars.
S24 and S24+ won't come with Exynos 2400 as the rumours said?
kinda sus they dont allow user to trade in the fold 4 for the s24 ultra. considering they let the fold 5 and flip 4/5
A whole River in a Bowl
Biggest question for me is the 5× and whether not it's doing a crisp bin to 12MP at 10×. This thing will be a weapon for sure if they've done some sweet software work to accommodate the loss of the 10×.
still use the note9 and still feel like I downgrade in some parts when I would upgrade my phone.  apart from that, spending 1300 for basically the same device is ridiculous. Sure it is faster, brighter whatever but in the end I send messages, scroll through reddit and watch youtube videos aka the experience won't change drastically.  I really get tired of phones. Even their design is shit now
😁
please remember to take your keys
The design is a downgrade for me
A reminder that their base phone and + models used to have the quadHD before they dropped them all to 1080. So I don't see it as a pro
Stabilization while zooming is truly a game changer
Does it have Qi2? Also, when are they released?
Yoooooo! The base s24 is for me..
Buy R1 lol
Why they did not showed the Ring more?
Why not have the title be - More than meets the AI?
I'm glad they look like the previous generation,  Samsung finally found their design DNA
S24+ is best phone for me cuz all I care about is bigger brighter screen and faster chipset and it has that. I take make 2-4 pictures or videos in a whole year so I don’t care about cameras at all even if it has only 5 megapixels front and back cameras
I am actually considering this seeing that it does not have a very big dynamic island on top.
Can it make phone calls?
this s24 series legit makes me feel they did it in "apple way" with fusion of android and Ai
Idk who loves tech and watches MKBHD but is not subscribed. Why would you do that bro hit that subscribe button 😂 he doesn't have to say it.
All of these features look like they should've been on the Pixel, even the UI looks like Pixel (and the copied magic editor lol)
Google doesnt need to worry about Apple. They should be worrying about Samsung😂😂 cuz damnnnn Samsung really on their neck.
Of course, haha. Nicely done, man.😊
This video has done a better job at explaining the new features than the actual presentation 😂 it was boring AF.
Why does Samsung hate international customers? 😂 Back to exynos again
Man I was about to buy a pixel 😂😂😂😂
3:26 the 5x thing is worth it man. look at pixel 8 pro high MP zoomed pics vs that 10x lens from samsung. theyre both the same
Site keeps crashing been trying to pre-order this damn phone for over an hour.
Camera engineers at summing are color blind.  Fact.
remember when smart phones were such a relatively new thing, people were actually arguing that samsung and apple stole each other's "rectangular design"
I love the way you downloaded Hindi language & then switched to Korean for translation 😢
Editing upgrades!
2:37 wrong. EU is still getting shafted by exynos
Excuse me? How accurate they think it is? Last time I checked these assistants fail as often as they miss. More frustrating is when a functionality that worked before doesn't today. Not saying it sucks but acting like it's a good feature just to hype it up with effectively no real knowledge of how good it is but a significant amount of knowledge of how almost every other assistant works is a shitty thing to do.
Problem with circle ai is it needes button , navigation new phone user are used to gesture so.. its...
I gotta admit this AI stuff may make me switch from Apple
Gracias
Exynos in Europe is such a kick in the teeth. No thanks
will these features come to the s23 ultra? really want to try the instant search feature.
5:00 does the Ultra model have AI features which the others don't?
Cop or Drop!!! Cop been using a s10 plus. Time to upgrade...
Damn, even just ended lol. Fast 🏃‍♀️
I miss the curved screens from back in the day, not gonna lie.
bit boring tho
Mr beast and Pokimane at the event was wild 💀💀💀
Downgrade
"This is a theory, a lens theory" 😢
A lens theory quick matpat reference XD
Honestly considering upgrading from my S23 ultra simply because of the flat screen LOL
Never expected samsung to release a phone similar to iPhone screw Samsung fans
Apple seething rn after samsung announced the 7 year update
How does the AI affect security? Does this AI have access to everything on you're camera and your screen all the time?
I still prefer iOS
Just pre ordered the S24 ultra with 512GB for under $600 with the promotional savings and a trade in of my S23 Ultra. Should be here by the 31st, so exicited!!
iPhone S24 is out! 🙃🙃
Finally, finally curved displays are disappearing, finally!
Damn!!!!!!
The ultra is $1800? (here in Canada btw). Damn now Samsung is more expensive than Apple.
We appreciate the Google features moving towards Samsung bc they're so complete already
Looks like an iPhone. Titanium like an iPhone. Wants to be an iPhone.
Rather buy a Pixel or Motorola than this Hyundai/KIA interface U/I phone
care to give your big fan the s22 ultra since you wont need it anymore
Problem with ai photo tag it can croped so its worthless
Pixel Killed every phone
So basically Samsung decided to make the best iPhone.
Bruhh.. Its the same phone 😅 if i would refuse to review it. People keep expecting this buy traps. If nobody buys it or gives it attetion they will be forced to actually sell us something new. This is last year phone. There is no need for another proccesor
Why keep copying Apple designs?
Ive been hanging on to my ultra note 20. Thinking the s24 ultra might be my upgrade
You posted a two minutes after Samsung event
I was skeptical but I believe Samsung have really delivered this time, and finally the flat display is a winner.
Wooow... 5:49
Other parts of AI are great but damn some are just scary... What a time to be alive..😶‍🌫
The key note is still going on
Always watch Marques before the Samsung event.
So like is it worth to upgrade ? Because it seems like the Apple and Samsung are doing it here
Might be good to mention almost the entire world except the US will have Exynos instead of Snapdragon.
Wait so just the Ultra has titanium?
The stabilization while zoomed in is super impressive - also feels like AI is helping to figure out what you might want to be framing, pretty cool!
Is all that AI on device or send to a server?
What’s up with shout out to MatPat ? 3:53  can anyone explain me please?
I honestly hate giant phones. Hopefully the S24 4,000mAh will do justice.
The live event was turning into a tota snoozefest. They should invite some interesting people or celebs to do these in the future. Other than that love the new AI features and the Titanium Yellow on the S24 Ultra is simply gorgeous!
This is as far A.I. needs to get😅
That yellow looks Gold, love it 🔥
Ugh Ai is so annoying
S24 Ultra ❌️ S22 Ultra 3.0 ✅️
Fucking finally, a flat screen on an ultra. Been asking for this since they stopped making flat flagships which now that I think about it was way back at the note 4. But it's to late. If I replace my s21 this year it'll be a rog phone.
waste of money tbh
Actually, there's a change in the appearance in S24. The flash is now positioned a little bit lower than previous gen.
- everyone laughed when apple used titatnium... ;)  - most of the new camera features can also be seen in the new Pixels
Not impressed
Literally did nothing but copied IPhone 😂
Samsung is and will be shit ahh presentation was such a cringe fests not a applesheep fan
Ngl the iPhone design looks dope asf
Wonder if bard features will be available in Canada?
Shoutout to MatPat 🎉
the phone call translation feature with AI in insane
Samsung is turning into apple, now there isnt a reason to upgrade your samsung phone each year, now its every 2 or 3 because most things arent changing anymorw
Peace ✌🏾
If I want an iphone, I'll just get a new iphone. AI like this is not something I'm ready to buy into which makes me very weary
Do you think that we are reaching a time when there shouldn’t be a flagship every year unless there is a big enough upgrade?
Nice phones 😂
I remember when we all wanted the s7 curved and it was basically unusable without a case
I hope AI doesn't turn out to be the new 5G. 5G is such a disappointment, at least Verizon's 5G in my area.
You downloaded the Hindi pack..we are noticing 😂
Death of curved screen.
Will snapdragon also be available in Europe…?
Interesting.
sneaky matpat reference.
Faster... The boss on this game.... ❤
Brotha go watch xeetech care. That guy got this phone a week earlier
I'm not thrilled about them taking away the 10x optical zoom but if the 10x digital zoom from the 5x 50mp can perform just as well or better than it doesn't matter, obviously.
Phone is gonna have massive burn-in from navigation buttons and notification bar.
Your reviews very precise
Apple fanboy reviews a samsung device
I got the S21 ultra right now. After this video, I will be getting the s24 forsure
The MatPat shoutout. 😢😢
Nah man, this google AI partnership is sick! clearly taking some nuggets from the pixel. Apple is in trouble I have to say.
Finally i can afford the S7 edge
Following you since S2 days!  What an amazing journey it was.
Its legit nothing new.. like iPhone now Samsung too, bringing nothing new to the client with the S brand. its like 95% similar to s21, if u wanna buy s22 s23 and now s24, its just not worth it, i am not iPhone fan i use s22 but it's like s21 , and i saw s23 and its just the same as s22.. so Samsung should lose some client to bring something new.
S23 Ultra owner here. So definitely not an upgrade year. Thanks.
0:40 What is the groove between his thumbs below the buttons??
Thank god for 100% flat screens.  I have been dealing with whitestone-style LOCA screen protectors for far too long, since the Note10.  This might be an upgrade I'm down for even if I'm jumping up from a not old at all S22U.  The amount I spent on screen protectors cuz they crack and chip at the curve is enough to drive me insane.
Thrilled to see both Google and Samsung switching over to flat screens! 🥳🎉
Bixby is jarvis and galaxy AI is ultron
EXYNOS IS ON GALAXY S24 AND S24 PLUS OUTSIDE OF THE US!!!!
After watching ur video I feel like getting Samsung S24
Thanks Samsung for putting QHD display in S24plus
i like smasung's approach to AI, they knew they were behind and brought most of the features from pixel and made their own tweaks on top of it, just like their launcher,
I have been visually searching with google for decades -  google lens hello!
Still no 5x telephoto lens on a S24+ ? Bummer
So why wouldn't all this ai be possible on a s23 ultra?
Many of the features that are marketed as "AI" have nothing to do with AI. Like for example when selecting a part of the screen and searching for the thing on your display in google, that's searching is handled by google. The phono just has to crop the photo and give it to google to do the heavy lifting. Also when you moved that person playing basketball, I am pretty convinced it's not AI either. They're just doing an edge detection filter to select just the player and doing some content aware filling. I may be wrong but the main point is that people become mesmerized when hearing the term "AI" so companies capitalize on that and market a lot of their features as AI when in reality, plain old algorithmic solution are better, they generally are computationally more efficient and produce the correct result more often than AI. I hope you make a video on that to educate people on this and point out than AI is not THE best solution for everything.
I'm trying to pre-order but the website's broken. This happens every year. I don't understand why Samsung doesn't prepare better. This has been going on for years now. Get your internet infrastructure up Samsung this is a big L. I'm trying to give you my money.
Credits to Sony for the S24 Ultra design.
In Europe we got exynos on the cheaper versions that’s very afwul. Samsung makes diferrences again.
Can you still do a Bixby response for answering a phone call?
Kraesay berow
So the Samsung iPhone s24 basically?
Poor innovations.  Everything already existed. Samsung only turns the features more quickly accessible
Are the new AI features for S24 lineup only, or will they come to the S23 lineup in a software update too?
Samsung Galaxy S24 Ultra or iPhone 14/15? I want to change my old phone of 5+ years, and get great concert videos this year!
seriously, Samsung has an obsession with Apple. We all saw that the titanium thing had more flaws than beneficts yet they still copied the thing... smh
I have always dreamt of getting a brand new samsung but unfortunately my financial status can't allow me so😭😭😭😭
Still rocking my 22u. Maybe next year ill upgrade
I'm going for the s23 plus
Flat is good when you drop it. It's annoying having a case that doesn't cover my s23 ultra. Battery is the main issue with all phones. I'll upgrade in a few years when the battery gets way better.
This AI integration still doesn't enable me to use voice to text dictation without data. Pass
can any rich muthfak buy me one its not that hard😅
Now we know what the capture buttton on iPhone 16 will do ;)
A LENS THEORY!!!
The price went up and we all quiet
Crossing fingers the google scan won’t be used in what I got in mind 😭
Yep, after go’ogling around I didn't realize that Simmy Krotiel's Bigger Blueprint was updated and you can make it bigger even faster, yep, what Simmy suggested before was pretty good, but now it can grow up to 4 ins, I managed 3 ins myself and I feel like a monster lol
Do you know if they will have Snapdragon in europe?
I am an iphone user so far, can you use this phone without google?
Huge shoutout to Google for announcing 7 Years OS Update. That forced samsung to give 7 Years Update which means eventually other brands will have to follow to catch up. Huge Win for Customers.
He just download Hindi 😊. Love from India
S24 launch Event ❌️❌️  Google Translate Offline Demo ✅️✅️
Although the edges of S24 looks exactly like an iPhone you could’ve mentioned that the back side edge are bit more curved than the front ones. At least by looking at it I can say that.
Pixel 8 pro or sultra 24 ?! 😅
It’s a Smasnug…. Always have been.
Dude.. my 10x is used more than my 3x...   this is a fail because the sensor size isnt increased enough to make up for the image being cropped.
What u want to know os, can ine olay music whilst recordeing videos?
I have a lot to say but hey I am android sooooo... gotta shut up! 😅 Copy the big dog.
I'd never buy ANYTHING Samdung makes
Now its Apple's turn to roast Samsung about their design
More than meets the eye  Optimus Prime
If you can't beat them, copy them 😂
If the Samsung AI doesn't have custom prompts, now or in the future for the notes app, it's basically pointless.  Imagine wanting something simplified in a specific way, for example in a dot note way while also being explained to a first grader and more concisely, if it has the power to do it but limits you from doing it that's what I call a gimmick
They removed 'What's on my screen 'search from  Assistant or Google now ,and they brought it back
Stop bro, I'm still watching unpacked ffs!
Damn phones are getting boring. Lets bring back 2010-2020 :)
In MarK Ass Brownlee High Definition we trust
Who do you think copies feature more, samsung from iphone or iphone from samsung?
With the size of the ultra how can you not add a headphone jack
The trade-ins that Samsung and the carriers are offering is RIDICULOUSLY good. I'm looking at an S24 Ultra for $8 a month for trading in my S21 Ultra.
But that's just a theory..... .. .. .. A LENSS THEORY!
Saving up for the ultra, my s 10 plus is still rocking but the battery is on its way out.
Overpriced garbage. Buy an Oppo. We fix Samsung phones regularly. The screen servicing packs never go down in price as the phone gets older. One thing Apple has over Samsung, their parts get significantly cheaper as the device gets older. My Oppo Find x3 Neo comes with 12gb RAM and 256gb storage as standard for £250. AMOLED display, 90hz refresh and the same cameras and LIDAR which Samsung ditched for some dumb reason. LIDAR is a huge benefit when using your phone for 3D scanning. Get out of here Samsung. Even Apple adopted LIDAR since the iPhone 12...
Nice design Apple has to catch up
Poo 5x zoom 50 megapixels... What does that mean IRL
And here i was waiting to watch the live stream of Samsung but the only video that pops out in my feed is Marques's first impressions of Galaxy S24 line up, 😅
Make video on cheapest windows tablet
Did he just show high school recruits how to modify their records so they look better?
Definitely a game changer with instant translation... that something I use all the time working on ships
Lavender looked better than current violet.  As for the phones themselves,  Exynos being back in EU aside (excluding Ultra)  Pretty much same phones if we ignore all the "AI".  Nothing wrong with that, except the Exynos part.
No matter all the features in America all that matters right now is the ability to send high-quality pictures and videos through text message.  Once RCS is implemented in IOS this will be the real game changer.
"Just a theory, a lens theory"
Samsung:  Add titanium design Add 5x camera but have to make it 50mp  Copies Apple but has to make sure the numbers are bigger 😂
Is it me or do we all get hyped for these features only to never really use them lol…I’m sure some do, but I feel like at this point battery life and app optimization is where most people land at for smart phones.
Still laggy camera app
Flat screen on ULTRA. Interesting 🤔
It's Exynos for S24 and S24 plus in some other countries
A very starry update
I´m absolutely skipping this one. In Germany we´ll get the S24(+) only with the Exynos 2400 chip. I had the Exynos 2200 in my S22+ and it was just awful. I barely made it through the day with one charge and the performance wasn´t that good too. I bought the S23+ because it has the Snapdragon 8Gen2 also in German version. The upgrade to the S22+ was just amazing in terms of efficiency and performance.
Time for ai go take over phones
The editting of the text graded to the colour of the phone you're holding or talking about is super sweet and a very nice touch!
never i thought i would say this but the iphone and apple have won the race i used to look up to samsung since she was the major android innovator i guess not anymore i felt so excited for the iphone 15 but this galaxy it's just a downgrad from 10x to 5x like appel ( atleast don't make it so obvious) lol i guess phones have reached the point of laptops buy one and you are good to go for the next 10 years really excited to buy the 15 pro and having it for like 5 years because there is no point in uprgading anymore it's  been a wild ride this last 15 years with all that innovation in the smartphone industry i guess we would be mind blowed only with vr this thime
Honestly, I appreciate all the upgrades on these phones whether it's Apple or Samsung. But I really wanna know who will come out with the technology to having changing lenses with one camera on a phone.  Sounds real concept I know, but I'm just like to say apple has 2/3 lenses on the back of their phones and Samsung has 2/3/4/5 on there's is kinda wild.
I'll say this every year... " Smartphones have gotten complacent " Nothing new... They are pretty much car companies now or nba2k... Nothing new
Marques speaks Spanish. Period.
Finally no curved screen!! 🙏
Bought the S23 Ultra cash 3 weeks ago...RIP rookie error
So, Samsung now looks like iPhone 14 pro?
That S24 Ultra screen looks crazy!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤
The AI stuff honestly seems pretty underwhelming. Like this would have been huge 4 years ago. I want a real assistant that has a better sense of long term memory. Rabbit OS style
The design of the Ultra is very tired now. I was really hoping for a new design for it.
And here i was waiting to watch the live stream of Samsung but the only video that pops out in my feed is Marques's first impressions of Galaxy S24 line up, 😅
I can't imagine what we'll see next year with that exponential growth
I have been waiting for the s24 to come out, but Samsung's horrible customer support in Canada has made me hesitant. I think sadly I will have to switch to the iPhone.
Does it mean at about 30x zoom, the quality would be noticeably worse? I zoom at 30x often when at my kids' sporting events. So this is very important for me.
I really hope bixby works more like chat.gpt and being able to have a conversation with her
10:18 I didn't know Samsung called their wireless charging tech MagSafe...
Is that a pimple on your face ?
I'm using Samsung A73 with promised 4 year upgrades. It has 5000mAh. The fact that you get 5000mAh only on S24 Ultra is hilarious considering it actually uses more POWER than A73. I've fast charge, 100MP camera, 5000mAh battery life, 6.7" screen, I don't need to spend extra 1000$ to get %10 better camera etc. Price/performance gets lower. -SNAPDRAGON is only available in US btw Marques.  Btw, I used to remove little objects from my Xiaomi Redmi Note 4. Still sits in my wardrobe. It had object correct effect. You click on things to remove it. This isn't news.
the S24 is here to stay and I'm here for it
Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 is coming for the Tensor! (in terms of AI of course)
What I want is hardware based image upscaling
When will we have a mature conversation about how the Samsung flagship phones are, and been better than Apple phones?
Predicting best small phone award S24 because it`s physically smaller than Asus Zenfone
MKBHD downloaded Hindi as a voice language  Cute ✨️🫠
5:22 You're absolutely right Marques this feature should be heavily utilised not underutilized. It's a must-have. 6:53 wow 😦 fascinating, it's like magic. 6:53 Live audio translation and transcription is indispensable. People need to know more about those features, more advertising need to be done to mitigate underutilizing of those goodies  features. Al in note and voice recording is also a must-have. 8:20 That improve version of magic Editor is a must-have.
perfect time to buy S23 Ultra
So iPhone S24 basically
“Yo” ! MKBHD with new intro word 2024?
More AI than meets the "I" .. IPh... ?
I think I'll still go for the S23 ultra. I still want to have an experience of it. The S24 ultra doesn't seem much of an intriguing concept aside from the AI
MKBHD 10 min review > samusng live event.
How the fvck cant iPhone still don’t make a little notch like samsung  ….
Phones have gotten so lame
Off-topic, but Apple deserves props for opening up Mag-Safe to other devices. It’s a really handy feature and I would miss it if it were to be taken away.
Nice one. Thanks for your wonderful insights and reviews. Much love from Nigeria.
bixby! 😁
My S23 Ultra has been the best phone ive ever used. The fact its so easy for me to take my phone out with the S-Pen doodle a drawing for a part that needs to be machined. Taking photos of a make and model of a component that you cant see with your eyes.
Really fast update... Thank you
Nah!! I am happy with by s22 ultra
3:46 I love you lmao
Thank you Marquess, We love you.
Ugh the lense changes are still clunky CHANGE IT
flat screen for the win!
Most excited for Samsung AI . 2024 could truly be a year of AI.
Why are phones so fking expensive?
FYI: SD Gen 3 is only for US & Canada. Rest of the world gets Exynos.
give me a phone mkbhd🤎
Pretty dang cool. However, I cannot stand Samsung's intrusiveness with their forced bloatware and lack of the ability to disable or uninstall their apps. Like, they even deny you the ability to turn off notifications of their apps. No thanks, never again.
imagine what would happen to iphones n pixels Ai features, if they got snapdragon gen 3 processor phone model options
Glad to hear about the new 7-year support. My wife used her Note9 for 6, and I used my Note 5 for 5 years before any of those generous periods of software support existed. Looks like Apple is no longer the only option for 5+ years of software support.
Wow, Samsung really are having to copy the iPhone design 🤦🏿‍♂️
The translation tool is super! iPhone better innovate or soon there will be no reason to get an iPhone other than the ecosystem.
Such blatant Apple design copying - typical Samsung. It'll be interesting to see how Apple (not until Sept) integrates their AI. Will they top Samsung's translation? I can only hope as I have many Mexican friends, some of whom speak as little English as I do Spanish!
*Thanks for sharing man!   Im on a budget but the A.I. definitely gave me some positive ideas! As well the motivation to obtain a S24 Ultra.   A fan and his dog sue from Denver,  Co
The live translation on calls is one dope feature. But does both phones require the feature or it works even just on one device.
If apple comes up with a round phone next year made of rubber, thats what samsung’s gonna do
You sell the case but don’t ever use one yourself.
I didn't expect that. He's much faster than sumsung 😂
Is the EU getting Exynos?
Curved edges are super smooth for gestures... I'm gonna miss it.
€800 phone. Holy shit. And it is what destroys us. 150€ to manufacture, sells for 800+
oooo a reason for me to switch from the eyephone
FINALLY FLAT SCREENS
real world battery life coparison to its predecessor
Are people interested in the 2600 nits called nitwits?
Faster than Samsung
I don't like the s24 ultra flatter display 🙁
They say 7 years of updates but I also bought a note 20 used after they said that it was getting the new Android update, they then changed their statement on it. I don't expect them to do any different with this model.
That photo watermark is going to be annoying, using ai to remove something only for it to add unwanted thing onto your photo
Damn I was actually looking for the 10x
Wow, that double-standard.  Reviewing iPhone 13 in 2021: 60 Hz is unacceptable!  Reviewing S24 in 2024: 60 Hz is fine as long as they stop holding back native resolution.
iPhone S24 Ultra
The audio isn't matched with the video. I looks like your mouth is not sync'd with the audio. It's a little weird.
So all three models have snadragon?
I like how Marques never fails to mention when android copies something from Apple but when Apple launches some of the basic stuff as a "feature" he is so blown away by that.
PLz review VIVO x100 pro
Does live translation will work with non s24?
it does not have much differece
$24.  Bargain.
I really hope some of these A.I. features find their way to the S23 line
Same phone. And the stuff they did change is just copying iPhone 15Pro’s
Good job at qhd on plus version. Bad job at exynos version 😅
Any words on sattelite connectivity capability?  That is only selling point for me, from S22 Plus
Remember the desigh of sony xperia z5 10+ years ago?
Thanks for making these videos mkbhd!!!
We laughed at Apple releasing the same phone (design) every year, but Samsung (sadly) is doing the same 😂
Can i get 1 s24 ultra  as a gift.. Because i am a student and i can't afford it😢
Why am I getting Buy Apple advertising on New Samsung phone
The only 2 differences from the S23U are the 2 things I don't want, 5x zoom and flat display. wallet safe!
The iPhone Pro series is all about being the fastest, having the best battery life, and great cameras.   Galaxy S Ultra series is about AI, zoom camera features, and being the first Android flagship of 2024.  Pixel Pro series is about  the cameras and AI. Pixel phones are ruined by a weak Tensor chip that has bad battery life and its the slowest flagship phone
¨MKBHD no esta disponible¨ ¨Entonces traigame su equivalente no sindicalizado¨ ¨7:25¨
Looks like old Sony Xperia design
Honestly, I'm so glad they've stopped doing their curved screen BS. So many times my palms would fat-finger the edges of the screens just holding them, and it was an issue I've never had again since switching to the iphone 15. Good riddance curved screen.
The only thing I love is the live translation, and then the phone got wider😢.
My S10 is almost 5 years old, maybe time to upgrade
Samsung should not remove embargo until their unveil is complete.
Im still using samsung note 9
I'm pretty tired of companies using AI as a buzzword for data processing. 😑
Samsung 😊 event is boring,,
Man that completely squared off front design on the Ultra looks so dated. It looked really sleek when the screen poured over the sides even when the curve was at its smallest, but now with no curve it looks like a concept phone from 10 years ago. The bezels are so pronounced even though they're the smallest they've ever been. The 24 and 24+ look much more modern even if they're basically just copied the design of the latest iPhones.
It's the link from @Mrwhosetheboss for me...two big wigs connecting to create the best reviews in the world....
Are you able to put a 23 case on the 24? They both look really similar
I've noticed no one asks "What is a picture" like they did with the Pixel.
They messed that camera up.. 10x was everything..
If you cant beat them, be them
the fact that the 800$ phone still only has FHD while the S8 which was a $800 phone 7 years ago had a QHD screen is crazy, truly unnovative.
Come on Marquess Unpacked isn't even over yet😂
The death of rounded edges is long overdue
Thank GOD for flat screens, i hope i never see a curve again on a smartphone.
No worries apple users, apple will copy its features in iphone 16😂
They got Mr Beast and Pokimane for the unpack 😮
Awesome video as always my good sir. About the S24...questionable. Still getting used to this S23 + chaos I have going on. 😂
So now everything is going to just be an iPhone but with different steps
I guess im keeping my S22 Ultra .
"Blatantly copying Apple." lol time for a new line.
3:50 One YT legend gives a shoutout to another YT legend - love to see it
Samsung doing what Samsung does best Innovate!
@Marques Brownlee Question, does the ultra finally have 200mp mode for 16:9 and Full Screen mode? all this hardware but having 200mp on 4:3 exclusively is $#!t.........
yall about to get an s23 for a great price
MatPattttttttt Woooooooooooo
Dude is faster than flash😊
that zit is freaking me out
Watched both this and mrwhostheboss's video, interesting that the both videos have the same view count.
The Ultra Version with Black & Purple Colour is Certainly My Cup of Tea!!! Absolutely Super Upgrade than the Previous Generations!!! Awesome 😃👍🏻
Well in Norway it costs nearly 20 000 NOK (2000 USD). I think they went completely insane in the marketing department. Maybe it's time to try another brand for me.
Is the violet and yellow colors for Kobe? Purple and gold = lakers. S24 = Kobe's jersey number 24.
Basically, there are no differences at all! Just some AI stuff 🪄
Mkbhd speedrunning first impressions
No curve? Huge L  Was really considering this with x100 pro. X100 pro it is for me
Maybe Samsung likes to copy Apple, but that's just a theory, no i'll not complete this.
live translation gives a whole new meaning to 90 days fiance.
Samsung copying apple again Samsung copy the market leader and put their name on their product. When MP3 players 1st came out Samsung copied the design of the mp3 player market leader, Samsung copied Sony cyber shot camera designs, Samsung copied sharp flip phones with camera. Samsung copy apple phones bar on the bottom of the iPhone X Samsung copied apples white earphones and white battery charger Samsung copied apple not putting a charger in the box and small packaging box. Samsung copied apples icons rounding them of at the corners. Samsung copied apple non removable battery and sealed case in their phones. Samsung copied Sony TV remote control design, Samsung copied sharp microwave design Samsung copied Sony. Vaio laptop design Samsung copied BOSH washing machine design Samsung copied Dyson vacuum cleaner. Is there no limits to what this copying company can do that is Samsung?At this point they should just call themselves copysam.
Unpacked isn't even done
In the words of the great yellow SpongeBob.  I NEEEEDDDD ITTTT
Samsung was supposed to stick to the curved screen either more curvier or just slightly curved. Samsung has forgotten about identity
But the pixel 8 pro had all this so called "A.I"
They took everything great from Apple and Google and I love it 👌🏻 Still not buying a 236inch Smartphone so I’m staying with my Iphone 15pro but yeah great phones
I just want to know what phone I should upgrade to in 2024 from the 23+
The S24 6.2" matte black will be the successor of my Pixel 8 phone. Same screen size, iPhone 15 shape (which is great in hands) and Android System. Maybe I'll install a Pixel ROM on it, that Snapdragon CPU is going to run very well the Pixel Experience
Image quality of this video is not up to his usual standard.
I'm just satisfied with my Z flip 4😅
A theory just a lens theory Good bye matpat
Tbh , s24 ultra still doesn't sounds like big upgrade compared to s23 ultra from s22 ultra : /
Finally a Flat Screen on S24 Ultra 🎉
Honestly I'm glad I was too broke to get the previous s23,22,21 etc because this seems like an actual improvement to a non tech guy. Granted I'm still broke and probably won't be able to get this one either so I'll be holding on to my OnePlus 7Pro 😂
So should I get S23 or iphone 15 or wait for S24 to be released in India?
10x zoom was a killer feature, at least for me. Hope that the quality of the zoom will not suffer
Who cares about copying. At the end of the day It win win for end user's
And again in Europe there will be exynos, instead of snapdragon.....
hello iphone12
Btw, do you know if the S24 ultra will have an Exynos chip outside of US? :/
Titanium. Wow. They just copy.
I don't understand why the base s24 can't have 512GB of storage. At flagship prices, I shouldn't HAVE to jump to a 6.7-inch phone in order to get more storage
I'm using iPhone since 2009 and I think it's time to move on and try something new.
Bro likes his Asian audience (Indian, Korean etc) way more than Bixby
I still love curve s series, that have good batteries😁
Da18a
The basketball AI picture is been used on livestream presentation!
Oh look who's here, apple agent 😂 let's hear how they told you to act 😶
s23 ultra is better
No matter how amazing the Samsung phones are … it is never going to break me out of the Apple ecosystem and iMessage across all my devices.
@8:08 30 hit different 😂
Nice shout out to Matt Pat.
I want all this …on a watch
Have they finally added the advanced feature of a headphone jack to the ultra yet? That's all I've been waiting for, for years
When will s10 tab release?????????
Maybe this year I’d make that switch to Android with the S24 Ultra.
“That’s just a theory. A lens theory” Marques… why you tryna make me cry man?! 😢 big up MatPat, Steph and the whole Theory gang 💜  Oh also… phone’s cool too ig 😅😂
Exynos 2400 for S24 and S24+ in Europe. That's a nope from me.
Watching this on my Samsung S9+ and no plans of upgrading 😅
I really appreciate the care put into this first impressions vid. Keep it up Marques
I'm not going to upgrade from my S23 Ultra 😂
I'd like to see the comparison between the S23 ultra at 30-50x zoom. Thanks.
why am i seeing alot of iphone ads near the time of the galaxy unpacked🤔
I want the curve back!
7 years of updates is huge. Kinda cements my options lmao
Samsung kills apple every year but still people fall for Apple
Didn't they change the flash placement? It looks like a A54 now with thin bezels 😭
Basicly imo Plus is a sweetspot. Ultra is way to price for the diference you get in it. 0.1 Inch larger scren? 100 mAh bigger battery? Camera I honestly dont care so much cause in reality those pictures will look exactly same on both phones, and who uses 1TB of space on phone? Cant wait to get my hands on Plus later this year
Oooh I can’t wait to have a phone with hard 90 deg corners that will never, EVER, come out of my pocket.
For S24 Plus is a great budget and the Ultra Version doesn't need the S Pen anymore.
I was surprised that they let me order it so early where the program is running but it's done now
Will these Ai updates be added to the other series w/software updates?
He really just quoted matpat  It's just a theory,  a lens theory
... a lens theory
I love the flat displays but man wish they'd switch the overall design up, even just a bit....
Hi Mr Marques Can I get a new phone from you please 🙏 I appreciate your work  Been a fan since forever ❤ Hope you see this 🥲
More than meets the AI 😅
Will exynos 2400 survive 7 years of updates.
7:30 live call translations is definitely ultra 👌
What a boring update. 1 inch camera sensor would have changed atleast something.
What you've demonstrated associated with AI integration made me think the authenticity of Audio, video or picture are gone!!!
You didn’t say anything about the “fast charging”
I wish the regular S24 also had a 1440p display, I don't get why they're only limiting it to a 1080p screen even though my S10 that I'm still using already had a 1440p display at that body size all the way back in 2019!
Where is uncrop image ft. Is it we see in pexel 9 😮
More and more andeoids are looking like iPhones now
This was fast
Did MKBHD seriously just "wow" google lens search? Like, this has been a thing for years and you don't have to circle anything to accomplish it. I don't get why this is such a hyped new feature.
AI is the next big thing, every smart phone manufacturer should include. Samsung did great job.
Google launching the Circle to Search
Still sticking to iphone ❤
About time for a real upgrade from previous phones. I'll get the 25 when it comes out just cause I like the number 5. Still my s21 ultra developed a stutter when taking pictures so I hope these new phones don't develop an annoying defect over time
Plz tell if samsung still has grainy video
That 55mm OTUS😮. That’s a beast lens
nah i just watched mrwhosethebosses vid i aint watching this one
I am iphone user, but the design of Galaxy looks so neat and cool! nice design and performance!
5:54 hey man no offense but as a fellow video editor, this is the worst graphic effect I’ve ever seen on your channel
Impressive IA stuff. Much like Photoshop does, but "for free". Regular people will go crazy with this 😅
well I've used samsung as a main device (or generally android) since day 1 but for University I got an old iPhone SE from 2016 only for spotify and stuff like that and I've always loved the design more than any other. Getting the android stuff combined in iphone case is pretty neat to me. But I was still a bit shocked how similar they made it to the iphones but idk
PLEASE, whenever you do the full review, do you mind testing a whole bunch of these features while the phone is in Airplane mode? I would love to see offline capabilities of it or if everything AI in software depends on a connection.
Finally flat screen on the Ultra! I'll buy them on the preorder. I hope the overheating issues from older generation will not happen here
If you lasso something to search on, can you send it to other search engines besides Google?
No mention of processor at all in EU sites, just "dekacore". If they do not even mention the processor it must be Exynls and very underwhelming one at that. Will not even consider this.
US - All snapdragon 8 gen3  Everywhere else - S24/S24+ Exynos 2400 Ultra - Snapdragon 8Gen3
I dont care about any of the AI features, but i really like the new design
I have been watching the live 😅😅😅😅😅 Guess I should check here beforeeeee
Marques can You just like my comment without me writing creative comment that u would like?
OMG! Star Trek Universal Translator is almost here 🤣
do you guys think we will get to a point where smartphone companies will start selling software updates instead of actual phones? The way I see it with every new phone every year all that changes is the software.
ugh...another Galaxy family of phones...so boring. you should be able to AI create the S25 vid next year, Marques...
Welcome to 2010
Its the "Bixby Speaker" in the background for me, don't think i didn't notice 😉
Still rocking the S22 ultra rn. I probably won't upgrade til the end of the year or so i don't need it rn
iPhone photocopy 😂
Apple & Samsung want to be each other so bad 😂 eventually the only difference will the name of the OS
the phone call live translation is impressive! but then again, why would you be calling someone you can't normally communicate with?
The Plus model fixed the only complaint I had with  S23plus !
I'm in thr market for a new phone, looking at a oneplus nord, will the price of the s23 drop, and will it be a significant drop or just a small one, it at all?
Qi 2 magnetic charging support included?
I'll buy a new ultra when it goes back to curved. (or if my s22 ultra stops working. or if Samsung announces a blood red model.)
Samsung is funny, they always make fun of Apple, but then end up copying Apple.
gametheory mentioned 🙏
Damn, Pixel rest in peace, sorry but the S24s are ready to mess you up real bad!
I use the 10x camera more than the others combined.  My favourite subjects, wild birds and bugs, don't often like me being too close.  With strong natural light you can get a good pic with the 10x of a dragonfly 1,5m away without it flying away.
At this point I’m considering switching from iOS to Android, I’m just sick of feeling constrained by Apple’s OS, Android just seems so much better
I didn't see an iPhone copy coming with the S24 lineup... Apple all the way!!!!!
@Marques Brownlee Do you know if the S24 will also have the new gen Snapdragon processor in Europe or an (inferior) Exynos processor as they did with S22. I heard rumors a while back that this might be the case. Do you know if this since has been either confirmed or refuted?
Samsung again fallows iphone... beside of that those are sooo boring phones
So basically the 3rd “S” version of the Samsung Galaxy S21 series. Nothing new. Just minor “improvements”. Such a lame tech era we are now in
AI everywhere. If only AI would exist. It doesn't. These are all just software features. – Why is nobody mentioning this? Everyone today is brainwashed to the max or ultra.
When can we expect the Galaxy Book 4? I was hoping for an announcement this evening but nothing 🫤
Kudos on the matpat reference.   As for the phone, the AI features don't wow me. I don't feel anywhere confident in the translation features. The screen search is already on my S22U (seems like the AI counterpart requires one or two less steps to search what is on your screen). And the image editing stuff I feel is stuff other apps are trying to do. Idk.
So do older phones still get the AI features or is this exclusive to S24
I have been with Samsung for over 10 years and the quality of the Ultra specially it's display is lacking, it can never maintain peak brightnes really infuriating, I set 100% brightness and 8 minutes later the phone is dimming out as if it was set at 60% while showing me that is set to the highest on paper while undercutting me as if nobody could tell the difference and there is no way to override it 😡 Then there is the OLED burn-in and goddamnit my past 3 phones from Samsung had burn-in, but the burn-in of my S22 Ultra is unacceptable and I feel like Samsung has been stretched thin cause they are producing so many of these OLED panels and ever since they became a supplier for Apple which sells twice as many gadgets with OLED, Samsung's quality isnt the same and real hardcore users can tell, we keep getting the short end of the stick. I was actually researching if iPhones users were experiencing OLED burn-in and to my surprise it was almost non-existent but the complaints and reviews for Samsung gadgets was beyond alarming, its obvious that they were making more money supplying Apple with high quality displays instead of supplying Samsung Mobile division. Anyways as for the new phones, meh. Same everything looks same, tastes the same, I'm sure it has the same issues, that's the problem with consolidation of the market, the brands become entitled and can careless about us so long as they keep double dipping. Oh there is the BS and I say BsSSs of the forced Trash feature on us we can't just delete something now we have to do a lil dance around it, and honestly for that alone screw them.
US gets Snapdragon 8 Gen 3, the rest of the world gets Exynos 2400. FFS SAMSUNG
S22  S23 S24   This design sucks   Such a ordinary design
Great videos! Please do a comparison of taking picture and videos of S24 series vs S23 series, thank you..
The Whole titanium thing is just ahhh, I suppose trying to make people believe it improves the strengh a ton or sum. Since in reality titanium is not that much of a strengh difference to aluminium, may be harder a bit so may not dent as easy but thats pretty much it.
3:55 MATTPATT REFERENCED🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
So cool! But no iOS
more about the ai
Only the US and Korean's versions are all equiped with snapdragon, the rest of the world the S24 and S24+ are equiped with exynoss 2400... I really like the refreshed design but the screen is sligtly bigger and I 100% trust the 8gen 2 over the new exynoss 2400, I'm glad I bought the S23 weeks ago for a decent price.
❤
Watching this along side the live evet. Was not expecting Mr. Beast
"With artificial intelligence, there is nothing real anymore."😅
"snapdragon across the board" what a blatant lie. Are we just gonna sweep under the rug the fact that it's exynos outside of the US, AKA the rest of the world?
I will miss MatPat 😢
Honestly:  I. The presentation by Samsung sounds like being written for children by children. II. Why the hell have the 3x telephoto-lens and the super-wide-angle-lens not been updated at all? III. Good-old-fashioned AI has existed for decades. Slapping AI on any device seems like a pain in the a$$. A real embarrassment for computer scientists. Most cringeworthy buzz-word of the year: "AI." 🤨
fuck this ,is almost perfect phone . I will never have it, two salaries I can never invest in something like that. when I can afford something like that, we'll probably arrive on Mars :)
No excuse for such slow charging, especially for the price. Some good changes for sure tho.
3:47 😉
7:30 As a native Korean and English speaker, that translation is pretty on point. If it is as smooth and snappy as you said, it seems pretty promising, although your conversation in this video is an information-based, straightforward one. So I wonder how it would be on contextual or emotional conversations?
The MatPat shout-out was class!
I Think, This is the first Phone ever over the iPhone that made je consider switching!
I just hate the skin on samsung
Assasinate Bixby 2024
love the mattpat shoutout!
You just forgot to say that they don't have those specs worldwide  About the 7 years is that really an advantage or is it a strategy for brands to keep selling the same phones for longer than a year cos their out of ideas for new things to add to the updated versions? (Personal theory)
this guy still coping that apple never steal or copied anything at all.
Ok Samsung, take my money again!
I love that you have to keep saying “it still looks the same”, but never say such things about iPhones lol. Just sayin
Hopefully  they bring the 10x  but variable  zoom
Disappointing on the camera.  I have an S21 Ultra and I use the 10x frequently.
I’m worried about Apple now😮
Nice Easter egg in the back. I wonder what the silver thing is?
Are all the software features of s24 ultra on s24 plus?
wow dude
look at the 5X tele lens that got normal circle instead of rectangle shape.why didnt you say anything about it?
Sadly us European will get the Exynos version :c
Getting sick of the whole follow the leader shit with phones, apple removes the jack, samsung and all android follow, apple removes the charging brick, they all follow, apple includes titanium rails just to say its there and jump the price, they all follow. I choose android because its Not apple lmao I dont want diet Apple
I'm happy with my s23 ultra...There's no big update
Hope we get s pen inside fold 6 body
Wow MKBHD is faster than Samsung
Snapdragon across the board **ONLY IN US** others getting shitty exynos in s24 and 24+
Do these new Samsung and iPhones deserve reviews every year when pretty much nothing has changed ? They are at they're peak
I am so happy they finally got rid of the stupid curved glass on the ultras!
Not much new not much off a upgrade
samsung is like apple now same design and specs every year nothing new
Thanks Samsung to send the Exynos version to Brazil 😒
Is it even worth buying S24 or is it better to buy the S23 brand new, for a lower price? Cause I found S23 256GB for like 600-700$
I got a switch to iphone Ad when I clicked 😂😂😂 which I WILL not going back to samsung and there por updates
“ So I have been using this phone since a week now…”
7 year OS update.... and I like it...
For those who didn’t understand the moon part, the s24 had a corroded tapic engine, which ruined haptic feedback. This is why you see a slight mark on the side of the phone at 5:57 Also, the glass lens was displaced, which warps the camera’s view at 3:13
07:10 there is still no CZECH 🇨🇿 language why is that ?!? Please explain me why ?!
 🐈🕳
Phones being almost the same year after year is getting out of hand. Even Samsung is starting to be boring
Watching on Galaxy Note 10+
iPhone copy
I'm not looking for a new phone at all but I do love that violet color
Well, i already use google assistant's "search screen" feature and i love it.
S23 and S23+  also have Exynos?
So they just optimized google better
Bro is living in the feauture. Samsung comes 2nd
I'd love to see a comparison of S23 10MP 10x lens VS. the new 50MP 5x lens on the S24. See if this "cropping into the middle" actually works better (or at least as good as) the old one.
Definitely wasn't expecting a game theory reference in this Samsung video 😭
AI is good..but no way i am upgrading to this just for AI with no big improvements in Hardware department.. I was eagerly waiting for usage of the 1 inch sensor and thought camera dept is going to improve a lot as well as video dept..but not sure how AI is going to help that.. also inbuilt AI alone cant be an reason to buy this.. everybody has their data ON full time and these works can be done through cloud service itself instead of depending on inbuilt AI.. some good features like voice translation is nice..but who is going to speak with some one on phone with the opposite speaking in completely different language?
I am missing the curved display 🙌
hilarious how much samsung is STILL copying Apple in 2024 🤣🤣 and they say Apple can't innovate lmao
Marques try not to show that you’re biased for apple challenge: impossible
these phones are always less and less interesting... good, we can change every 4-5 years without missing much 😅
That search feature will be useful in online exams 👀
By downloading the 'Hindi' voice pack, MKBHD just earned everyone's respect from INDIA💯❤️
So it's a Meh update. Expected more from such a huge techtuber.
Will switch from my pixel 6 to this
I guess i'm going to wait ANOTHER year with my s10+ to get the s25+.. I can't stand this design, mostly the huge sticking out camera's on the back.  I feel like next year they'll do a noticable design change
Next year we witness world first 440 mp camera 📸 s25 ultra wow😅😅
are the AI thing is a software thing or a hardware ?
Nice
I will miss MatPat, thank you for the Easter egg 😢
Bit slow in editing
Looks like Sony Xperia x series
Remember the days of Android making fun of Apple for the design not changing much across new models?  Here we are 😅  BTW I m an iPhone users but I think android and Samsung are both great. Just not for me  I just wanted to point out how things have changed  Beautiful designs don’t get tossed. They get minor updates
oh but when samsungs phone looks the same as last years it’s ok???
I criticize Apple for it, I’ll criticize Samsung. They all run out of hardware innovation, so they now lock software behind new phones while the older ones would 100% be capable to do the same stuff. I mean Apple wants to tell me the older phones can’t compute an always on display? Lmao
ofcourse it is design copy of iphone LOL can they think something themselves?
Samsung❤
Whaaattttttt !!!?????????? The 10x Optical is Gone ????!!! bruh.....  I really REALLY Hoped That they will Bring a Variable ZOOM from 10× to all way to 15x  of 5x -10 x Variable  !!! ATLEAST THEY SHOULD'VE ATLEAST GIVEN PEOPLE 5X TO 10X  I WAS WAITING FOR THE S24ULTRA BUT NOW, 1000% GOING FOR THE S23 ULTRA OF LAST YEAR...(I KNOW I WILL BE MISSING OUT BIG ON THE A.I FEATURES, but the Price of s23ultra will Go down as the 24 Hits the Maket and now because it's Even more Expensive rather Than Going the s22 ultra route of Cutting the price or keeping it same as the last year .... so the Total Diff will probably come down to 250-300$ , which the s24 plus itself is Priced at )  Plus they Should've kept the Prices of The S23 and 23+ a Lilttle lower, 100$ less for the 24+ perhaps? and 50$ less for the s23
I think if you're coming from the s20 21 or 22 this would be a great upgrade but coming from the s23 ultra this doesn't seem like much.
Brick phone😅😅😅
I'll keep my S22 Ultra and wait for the Ai software update lol
looks the same as the s23 and same features
Awesome
With all that's going on in the world, we really don't need to be updating our phones, AI features or not, there's so much to reconcile in the real world before tech advancements are praised. The Congo deserves better ethics thatn the ones that drive production at the cost of human livelihoods.
You forgot to mention the phones are using exynos chipset apart from America
Samsungg should start making bricks😂😂😂
The ultimate new king
Free Palestine 🇵🇸🇵🇸🇵🇸, love and support from 🇫🇯
Intersting 🙄🧐
Exynos tale continues 😑😑
Idk, 7 years of updates sounds good till you use a 7 year old phone. Nice to have, will need to see how it works out in the future.
Why watch the unpacked 😂
I consider this as a gen1 device with all the AI. Would definitely wait for a year and see how consistent and reliable these features are. Make a decision next time with the S25 Ultra
How is visual search new? I do it all the time in the iphone
I didn't see any review on vivo X100 Pro.  Only a few selected brands are reviewed
Is that the April fool's Bixby speaker in the background?
Please fix audio sync issue. I would expect perfect audio lip sync from your channel ;-)
If this was Apple this whole comment section would be filled with hate 🤣 y’all definitely are hypocrites
Soon OS will be content-aware and a company like Apple will block non-approved ads from being served on its devices and it will feed its own ads instead.
S24+ wins
Samsung world best phone
Finally! A flat screen!
Boy, this new flat screen on Ultra looks so slickkkk
You should do another (voice) assistent battle with ChatGPT...
7:33 it's actually much accurate.
Getting the s24 ultra and try go 4years with it  That Ai live translation is a winner and 7years OS update  👌  Love that circle search too and my region we getting snapdragon 8 gen 3
This is all so cool but i feel like a lot of these are just gimmicky
I want a full Android battle review of Pixel vs Galaxy
No reason why they all can't have 5000mah battery. Except forcing you to buy best model if you want biggest battery.
Damn Marques, I Love ya bro... I'm a day 1. But you might get a lot of flack for circling that dress, 😂 😅 Just messin wit ya, Much Love bro!
Been waiting on this for a while. I'm still using the 21 Ultra.
Did Samsung really say that the phone will be supported with updates for 7 years or just rumors cause I didn’t watch the event
I'm excited for 7 year Android update  But still it's under doubt 🤨🧐
I'm excited. That's all I've got to say. Tech is advancing
This year's samsung is pretty disappointing. It seems so influenced by the iphone. They should've kept the slight gentle curve on the screen and shouldn't have done the carbon copy side rails. Samsung has lost its identity
yeah, in europe everything but ultra is exunos 2400 crap
Why did you say Snapdragon 3 "across the board"? It's still Exynos outside north america (for non-Ultra models).
The titanium copy is so cringey
Been using my S22 Ultra for nearly two years now, and I don't really see a reason to upgrade. The camera I perfectly fine for normal use, the battery life is still great and it has enough power for everything you probably need. The only major changes are a flat display and that I could finally get a snapdragon (mine sadly has an exynos, and in my country, the S24/+ still have one) 🤷🏼‍♂️ Really hoped for something new (don't know what, but just something) that would be a nice improvement for daily use 😕  But maybe it's time to look a bit closer for some Samsung alternatives 🤷🏼‍♂️
being an apple fan the hole hold to search thing is i think really inovative and could really be useful if it works well
Samsung zoom lenses are junk. Don't be mistaken. I love Samsung. But the zoom of all things is just junk, not useable.
If it's not hroke don't fix it I love the design
Damn the S24 is already out? I'm planning on getting the 23😅
FINALLYYY its here
12GB Ram for Ultra phone in 2024 that costs $1300. What a joke.
Samsung the best smartphone
When are you releasing a full review?
Not interested in Ai
That’s some hardware.
Marques are you an AI?
FINALLY. Thank you Samsung for getting rid of the curved displays. Sure they looked nice, but were not practical at all. No screen protector for them would ever work that great, and even the slightest bit of pressure on the curve would crack the glass. Finally its flat, we can use tempered glass screen protectors, and the edges are way more protected. Definitely protecting the investment and helping the customer here.
Never needed any of the things the AI is meant to be making easier. It’s only useful in CoPilot for when you’re working and Samsung AI won’t work with office apps or Google work apps.  Translate was already worked that way. Mostly gimmicks. Needs another 5 years for on device.
Thank goodness I'm using a case. The sides looking like iPhones is really disgusting
Definitely worth skipping if you have the s23 ultra from last year I'll definitely wait for the s25 that'll be a more worthwhile upgrade
The base s24 looks sick 6.2" in your palm that actually fits
I'm loving my 24 ultra. It's sick
I miss the days where smartphone companies were more ambitious design-wise. I love the exciting new features but it's a bit discouraging that they look the same as the last two generations. But overall amazing devices though.
iPhone Fanboys must be happy that after 20 years they're finally the ones being copied by Samsung for a change
This series is beautiful jeezzz
a much much anticipated video from Marques for all of the Android community because to be honest nobody cares about reveals and launch trailer, when our boy comes out to describe the experience and specifications of the product , we all come to see YOU while describing other things not the other way around .
S24 Lineup: The iPhone Edition
lol Samsung copying Apple once again 🤣
MKBHD introducing the new Samsung Galaxy S24, as I completely forgot this was even going to come out.
The Ultra is 1710$ USD for the 512gb as a "pre order special offer" in Norway. Yikes.
I love the design updates ❤😊
Marquez would you make a video on the phone Ai
Samsung using the same old design like apple 😂😂😂😂
Matpat has irreparably damaged the common perception of what the word "theory" actually means.
I love to see snapdragon.
Better wait for the fold :)
I always look elsewhere for size perspective cause Marques always makes 6.8 inches phones look like an iPhone Mini when holding them.
The new ultra just looks like a Nokia smartphone from 5 years ago
Pixel features +1 year after Google.
Still hard to justify upgrading even an S21.
dude that violet looks insane
Very excited about the flat screen! Battery life expected be good?
Live translation tho. Wow 😮
Samsung should just integrate the AI into Bixby that way Bixby wouldn’t be sitting back looking sad.
I didn't expect Samsung would release a phone that similar with iPhone at this point. They were sort of establishing their own character
That AI in the camera app is scary. Social media was already bad enough, but now the masses have easy access to AI manipulated photos. Ffs
looking not good
I love how all corners of the Internet know about MatPat and The Game Theorists 🤣
Bro faster than the livestream
You could have titled it:  "more than meets the ai"
Samsung fans will point out every technicality to make it sound different to the s23 whilst saying the iPhone 11 and iPhone 15 are the same and Apple never does anything new
Shame we're still not seeing QI2.
I really hate the new "apple" look
What if you then "magic erase" the watermark??
Ai will be the demise of humankind. Mark my words
so they copied iPhones design and Google's software?  feels like we're getting closer to a universal device....this is sci-fi stuff.  It's no longer about being different...it's about trying to create the one device that has the best of everything else, a one stop shop.  That said, this is really nice.  As an iPhone user, it feels like this would be comfortable to switch to.  Looking forward to the full review.
MatPat Easter egg??😍
Samsung  Jack of all trades  U really fell for it
These QOL features are making me want to switch back to Samsung.
Why do y'all keep buying the same old phones with no real new features?! They really have brainwashed the masses!
when everything's going back to rounded crap, GIGACHAD SAMSUNG BRINGS EDGES BACK LETS GO
Why is Samsung producing any phones ? So many lacks in so many different stages. Upgrade to an iPhone, that's it.
It sucks that outside of US S24 and S24+ will exynos chip. So would we lose the Qualcomm AI features ?
would it not be easier to just use Google AI its probably cheaper and its not Samsung specific.
Y’all need to keep the same energy y’all have for Apple 🤣 these phones look exactly like the last ones over and over again with the same price tags as entry level iPhones
Another POS Android…
Click here if you’re an Appleite ————>
Man, I couldn't care less about AI. Give me a 6500 mah battery in the same chassis. Then I'd be impressed
SOOOO Glad they went with a flat screen. The curved screen is more annoying than practical.
Same old Samsung copying Apple 🍏 can’t they think for there self 😮
bro we get it, you love apple. Samsung also copied a lot of Samsung features
Goddammit I just locked myself into a 2 year payment plan w a iPhone 13 (unless I pay it off early) I would’ve rather done it with one of these
It eas a let down for me becaus ei was kinda expecting a bigger battery and a 144 hertz didplay maybe they have it idk
Great preview!
Samsung been sneaky copy apple but samsung fans will never admit they copy ios look nd their product for years but step by step plus i dont want to hear samsung saying iphone 15 looks the same but when samsung does it all of a suden everybody dont talk about it  and its a fact
Was waiting for S24 so S23 gets cheaper🤌🏻
Ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai ai
Yayy Now I can pretend my recently bought S23 Ultra is an S24 Ultra 😂😭
The S24 is a great phone, don't get me wrong but I feel smartphones are getting boring, nothing excitingly new is happening. Maybe we have peaked, who knows?
3:46 that was so sweet ❤️is this a sign that your gonna leave too?
I really think you should have mentioned magsafe and LTPO at the top. Those are big ones.
They make fun of apple and then do the same thing😂
Damn they really became apple...
Thanks for Uploading this so quick! It saved me so much time over watching Galaxy Unpacked haha Fantastic video as always, keep up the good work man! And in terms of what I would like to see in the full review, I want to know what are your thoughts on all these phones leaning more and more towards AI features, the good and the bad of doing this.
That live translation is dope!
its amazing that samsung literally copies apple and no one cares a bit..:D
S24/24+ is running exynos 2400 in Europe dude :)
live translation is insane
I really hope youre doing these AI videos on the Flip/Fold series.
So glad the curved screen hegemony is finally dead.
İs there satellite capabilities?
Samsung🤝Google=👑🗿
You saying “Squared off” has been bothering me for years. Where is the square in that shape? Do you mean the sides are FLAT?
Like they say you either die a hero or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. Samsung has transitioned like Apple and Google into the world of incremental updates with every one of these companies copying each other and not really bringing anything new to the product.
So disappointing they don't have Qi2.
Im glad they moved away from the curved screens, it was near impossible to find any good screen protectors for curved
How do you do it, incredible. That's why your my favourite Tech Guy ❤
lol the ai edited images we gonna see pop up on dating apps is gonna vastly increase
finally even bezels on ultra finally
3:45 💚
Not much to the phone upgrade but ai gimmicks and once that dont necessarily need this phone to do
This one I'm actually looking forward to.
Bro is the 911 Turbo S of tech reviewers
They got rid of the stupid ass curved screens??? Praise Jesus! 🙇 I'll finally have a screen protector that doesnt have loose edges covered in dust. 😂
Thank God for finally no more curved display on the Ultra. It’s the one thing I hated on that phone.
Is there also a magsafe case for s23 ultra?
Is it posible these features will be in the s23 series??
The base S24S24 Plus look so good
Dream phone 💜 One day I will be able to buy it 🙏💜
Why is the back button on the right side not left? Shouldnt it be Back Home Multitasking
5 years from now im sure we will be hearing about all the security flaws that exist in AI processors
When apple have new phone with same design: “Meh, it’s still look the same” When samsung does: “Well it’s lill bit different that previous one” 🙃
As someone who uses zoom all the time on my s23U  interested to see how the 5x compares to the old 10x
I wonder what is apple’s response to this AI feature
4:03 just so damn beautiful design Samsung. I'm simpingg
looking forward to see collab of you and arun of @mrwhosetheboss doing the translation ai feature of call in hindi with this new galaxy S 24.. 😁
4:03 just so damn beautiful design Samsung. I'm simpingg
Absolute gem of a phone
was just watching Unpacked. Couldnt watch it anymore, those jerkoffs were talking about AI for 40 minute
The S24+ looks like the best overall value plus the violet looks the best
Only upgrade in the range is the S24+, however the "upgrades" in it means little when it will be with Exonys in most of the world. Nothing special over the S23+
enough with all the cameras already, it‘s starting to look like a spider
The MatPat reference 😭😭😭 I love it
Bring back the curve 😢
All these changes are making me hope that Siri is the next focus to take a leap in the next iOS.
The S21 and S22 back designs were so good, I hope they bring those back, it actually made Samsung unique. Now their phones look no different than any other mid range phone
Nice that the plus is getting 12gb now. Im curios, how come nobody ever mentions ram speed or memory speed? It has to play into how responsive certain software works.
Why yellow Samsung?
It’s only scripts. It’s algorithms. It’s not AI
I genuinely expected something more. 😶 You know, love the AI stuff, but its much more like an enhancement then an innovation. Dont get me wrong...
Next big tech review failed to acknowledge existence of exynos version...
Iphone s24
so samsung announced just new apps? :D
why they didnt put 16gb of ram or 24gb of ram to atleast one up the other andriod doesnt make sense with that new chip
Who on earth wants ai?
Most of those picture editing features are already available in the current S23 Ultra.
Ayyyyy I saw that Matpat reference   RESPECT that!
Chip info is not right
And I'm still on S20 FE to save me money on my phone bills per month SIM only  I thought batteries had to be removable now oh wait that maybe in Europe  Still think my S7 Edge was the best phone i owned
Don't you think you're talking about more about Google thing instead of Android or Samsung thing. If it's a Samsung phone review and talking about Google lens and other Google proprietary features that Samsung comes with pre installed is kinda weird. Google just killing android, idk if it's a good or bad sign
Some of us are far away at s21 lol
QHD is the BIGGEST waste of battery in any phone. HD+ is JUST FINE.
so this is s23 + google generative AI
Exynos processor in India for S24 and S24 plus 🤔
This is the best camera setup. I have the iPhone 15PM and it needs a 3x. better for portraits. 5x is a bit too much.
I owned a  samsung note 3, note galaxy s20 now I own a galaxy s23 ultra from the beginning I never would look at a iPhone. The amount of multitasking is amazing and also by pass alot of security with the s pen
What did he mean by "copying apple's homework"?
I think in some regions, S24 & S24+ are powered by Exynos 2400 😢
He never disappoints
What’s going on at 6:30?
Thanks for saving our time, now I don’t have to watch full boring Samsung events 😂
Software looks amazing
This saved those of us who didn't want to sit through Samsung's live event😅😅😅Thank you Marques
Wow, literally nothing improved
Now Samsung follow iPhone design for sold more units😂
They look like iPhones but they can never beat iOS. The iPhone sells because of iOS, not the phone itself. Therefore the competition is not a competition any more
Samsung S24 Ailtra
I wonder how much money Samsung saved with replacing hardware features with AI 🤔
It is missing an AI feature to replace the faces of a photo.
But can it print money?
Nothing new to excite me about these overpriced phones!
Will this ai features will be in samsung A series ?
So my guess if you have a s23 ultra it’s not worth the upgrade..
investing at 152,879 expecting 1mil
Coming from MrWhoseTheboss to here riding fav tech youtuber train
Guys all these new phones look like lumia 925. At least their rails are inspired from Lumia 925. Still Lumia had better design.
nah this is so ass, trash phone for the price ill go for pixel it seems
I'm sold!!
this one kinda mid this time.
Samsung: we will be releasing our Phones on Jan 20th !! MKBHD: So yeah, i been Using the same phone for Last 3 Months 💀💀💀🤣🤣🤣🤣
ai image transformation is easier model..samsung has more scope in theme and image transformation ai.. but translation ai needs more training.. so this ai is a good implement to train ai.. it will be better in 2/3 years...
Beautiful 😍
Its literally s23 with exclusive software updates smh
3:45 love the matpat reference
Damn, what design is this of the S24 Ultra... It was horrible, the other models even copying Apple were amazing 😂
Every single creator releasing their vids
The flat s24u makes me wanna upgrade from the s23u
What is it all about the lens theory
I think it’s looking like NOTHING 😮
So does this mean the money google spent on developing their own chip was a waste pretty much, since the Snapdragon gen 3 is way more powerful and has similar AI capabilities?
Bruh how are they like the iPhone they have made phones like this for years now lol. Apple made phones like this for years no one is copying anyone its just what the shape of a phone looks like now in general.
Shout out to Matpat🫡
I was waiting for this phone but the flat screen is such a buzz kill. It looks ancient like from 2014.
Watching  just after Mrwhosetheboss s24 ultra first impression video 😁.
They are using the worse exynox chips outside of the US, what do you think about that?
As an apple fan boy I’m not gonna lie this phone looks way better than iPhone 15 and knowing apple this shit might be better than 16 too good job Samsung
Why is 128gb a thing still?  😡
The only thing Samsung can't copy from the iPhone are the sales.
The regular s24 is on fire for me. In fact for the first I can comfortably say I prefer it to the iPhone
Phone upgrades are getting boring with time!
Came here after watching Arun (who's the boss)... @mkbhd @whostheboss
Did not impress
"Now this is all a theory, a lens theory" loved this ❤   The Galaxy Ai features are really cool and the fact that they actually have a processor that beats the iPhones geek bench scores is great. I am very excited for the S24 Ultra this year 👍
❤❤❤❤
This be quick
Damn i cant wait to get my S24 Ultra ..a well deserved upgrade from my old very old S20FE
Im loving the flatness style of ultra. This be my new phone, coming back from iPhone.
Gift me one
"Blatantly copying Apples homework" I mean, lets be real, most AI at this point is just copying a lot of other peoples homework.
Disappointment
Omg I want the purple one but I'm still on a contract for my iphone 14pm 😭😭
I wonder if Marques will step down soon and take a smaller role in his company like Linus did. He's been working hard on YouTube for years already, and recently Tom Scott and Matpat have made announcements as well, so it got me thinking.
I don't understand why no one of the major manufacturers don't have collaboration with open ai?
7:05 FeElinG pRoUd InDiaN ArMy
am I the only one that finds this video "grainy" at times? I'm used to perfect quality from MKBHD, but this one seems a bit off sometimes, I can't really put my finger on it, but it's like is recorded on something other than their pro cameras.
❤
Is your phone going to space? Said an iPhone hater last year.
Android software inside an iPhone body. I see 😂
Marques makes the best tech video review out there
Nobody gonna talk about how its exact same from last years phones 😂😂😂
Here before it reaches 150k views ❤🎉😅
Thank god they finally went to a flat screen with an onboard S-Pen. The curved screen edges are horrible and the only reason I've ever broken a phone screen since owning cell phones for years and years.
I like the Flat Screen with the S-pen they should bring back the curve screen for plus models tho
dude just dropped MAT PAT references :D
3:37 OMG do you watch the “theory” family of channels? Food theory, game theory, film theory etc
I never know when android phones come out, but I know days in advance when Apple gonna drop news 🤷🏽
*MKBHD & MrWhosetheBoss* The Quickest TechTubers on Earth !!!!!!!!!!!
This seems like a really incremental update. Its' even more incremental than Apple 15 was.
Curved displays are finally dead, bless
Bro at this rate, I bet Marques already has the S26 Ultra 😂
Main camera in S23U was worse than main in S23. And Samsung just left it untouched? Such shame.
These androids just can’t stop copying Apple
Bro is acting like the iPhone invented squared edges lmfao
They're taking things off and raising their prices? Nah I'm good with my note 10+ still lol.
man i slept i didnt even know they had an event today.
😬😬
So you can say that with the Galaxy S24 and the AI ​​image function, social media will become even more fake than it already is. I think we will see a lot of new things in the next few years.
So basically an S23 with an AI gimmick, a worse CPU for Europe, same camera and an unnecessary brightmess level, gotchu.
Love the flat sides!
Lol theres no way anyone is buying Regular S24. Its there just to make S24 Ultra look better
Pls put on sale the s23 ultra... im still using iphone 6s u know... i beg!
I feel like Apple is late to the AI party 🎉
Looks like there's still no genuine reason to upgrade my note 10, stagnation is great for reducing E-waste lol
Just when I start to think, "I guess if I buy this phone, I will have to download Hindi for me to use this feature" and Marques downloads what I thought of 7:06 🤯
It better have a way to turn off suggesting A.I. for assistance. It's tiresome to see it even in places on websites that is not needed, I don't want it to be doing it with anything that I do in a personal device.
Are we gonna get the AI update on S23 ultra?
LTPO???  LTPO ON BASE MODELS?
Congratulations to the Apple designers for the new design. 👏
3:45 😢
The shoutout to Film Theorist had me in tears
It's the same as last year 😂
Bro I'm atill watching the unpack 😂
The most funny things is MKBHD is looking for red mini skirt using samsung google lens 😂😂😂
This Google search from anywhere is a thing on all pixels for a while now, one of the most useful things on my 6a
OMG MKBHD MADE A MATPAT JOKE OMG
the note edge came out in 2014, so it took them 10 years to fully remove the edge on their phones.
I gonna buy 24
Siri ist noch immer besser als das was Samsung zu bieten hat.
Samsung launching phones months later than iphones and doing same thing but better.
The samsung ai is probably one of the best innovations I've seen
dislike , no timestamps
1300$??!! Damn
The iPhone S24
I will wait another year to upgrade from galaxy s22 to galaxy s25
I am so sick of them neutering the storage capacity on the lower models.. I don't want a fatass phone ffs.
Bro, if he doesn’t review the S24 this year, like he did last year with the underrated S23, I’m gonna be so disappointed.
❤
Dope
What about fast charging? Did it change?
it's pretty awesome that you can access the AI photo editing features within the Gallery app. I have the Pixel 8 Pro and I still have no idea how to access those features on a photo that wasn't just taken. Since Pixel devices don't have a gallery app and the Gallery app that is made by Google, which has to be downloaded from the Play Store, doesn't have the option to access the AI editing. You also can't access the AI editing through the Google Files app, it's pretty stupid imo.
AI is still a gimmick. Especially on phones.
they bumped it up to qhd THAT IT ONCE WAS BEFORE THE REDUCED IT TO 1080p WITH THE S20 OR SOMETHING
S10+ already had a QHD display. Samsung is so boring, my old S10+ looked the same or even more exciting tbh…
can someone explain why samsung releases their phones in januari/february. and not like apple. just before the big holidays, so people can buy it during the holidays as a present. isnt this strategically a better moment? like alot of people receive a new phone during holidays/black friday.
Best tech youtuber ❤
Samsung be like “this is even better than our own transcript for s24 series”
Mkhbd review and Jerry rigs tear down ❤❤❤
That Lens Theory shoutout to Mat Pat was smooth and tasteful ❤
Note: the S24/S24+ will not have the Snapdragon 8 Gen 3 across all regions, it will be split between the Snapdragon and the Exynos 2400 similar to S22 and older. Only the Ultra will be Snapdragon across all regions. 🙂
another big reminder that software is what makes the big differences in phones now days and not the hardware
a base 128GB of storage for a 800$ smartphone in 2024 is absurd
How's the haptics?
I am interested in the AI driven search what you see function - if you circle text, does the AI know to search for that text? Or is it ALWAYS doing an image search?
Man this phone is a digital landmark
are the books in the background a hint to something...
😂dude launching Samsung all by himself
Just making something clear for everyone including Marquez. Samsung released a Titanium watch  before Apple did. This isn't some kind of Samsung obviously copying Apple.
Waiting on MKBHD to low-key insult this phone since it's...Samsung.
When he downloaded hindi language pack, looks like review is coming with a call in hindi😅
Bruh what the hell Samsung Galaxy Ai event is on going
I'll stick with whith my s22 ultra these phones don't get much better anymore now we're relying on ai as market I'm good
Now i have to wait for Fold 6 releas
Hope some of that AI stuff comes to the s23 Ultra
no go on when google do photo stuff everyone wants moral, ethics and what is a photo, now they allow same things without anyyyy restrictions everyone is fine, we people tamed down that company i will say, they would've done so much. I still remember when they launched google duplex and the whole world freaked out, and i think seeing the world react they probably threw it in dumpster😞
they became the f*cking apple
I like curve display only. Looks more premium.
10x is everything
You know the phone is regular. When the keynote is still going on and all the YouTubers showing the video’s already 😂
So this ai thing easily makes this phone in different league then iPhone 15 🗑️😅
Now, that's just a theory... a LENS THEORY!
As a hindi speaker, i am telling y'all this live translation thing is going to create too much confusion 😭💀
so nothing is new ?
was really hoping to have an under display camera after the transparent TV
New nude titanium colour??? Hmm looks like something we've already seen
Just reading "More AI" in the title makes me glad I decided to upgrade last year instead of waiting a few more months XD
I was watching the event when I saw this 😅
This phone is so boring
Ermagerd I can’t believe Apple is reusing the same design!… wait
If You got the s22 you don't need to do nothing...😂😂😂😂
when i say i like flat screens i mean the 2.5d rounded edges. at least they rounded off the frame
Any plans to add recording of 3d "spatial" videos?
Titanium blah blah blah until you slap it with your favourite phone cases
Hey if its going well why not just copy and paste with minor tweaks
Just had an iPhone ad on this video
they are siiick
You think they will integrate AI in the s23 line up?
Finally a flat display on a flagship device from Samsung. Its time for me to die in peace 😊
The iphone had these design forever.  Said no one ever…. Android users:
Now just add the look of stock android
😢why they disappear edge ?
I do not support these companies giving you guys these phone before release. This is total nonsense and this needs to stop.
Are all these ai features just for the ultra?
Can't help but think this could just have been an software update
Samsung has good software but shit hardware except for the display.
Will this be available for S23?
Marquez is Marques' much more suave twin brother.
Copying the Apple's design is almost always a good thing.
Watching this from my S22, still skipping this one.
Great, now the samsung is just as uncomfortable to hold in your hand as the iphone
I really liked the design of the S23 and S23+, and I like the S24 even more. Honestly, I'm glad they didn't change much.
Wow! Samsung way to keep copying Apple.
ONEPLUS 12 review PLEASE
i like apple❤
Ultra COOOMMBBOOO!!! 💥
Can’t wait for all these features to trickle down to mid range smartphones
@Marques is one km ahead of samsung 😅
The corner on the ultra looks SHAAARP 😟
People who watched this after watching the Mrwhostheboss video 👇
Samsung should change their name to copy of apple. Hate them for not being that old samsung which will do and try new things out but now they are just copy pasting apple just like any other chinese brands.
And people troll apple for using same physical designs over and over, atleast apple changes something like camera placement, notch size, material used etc, no one would be able to differentiate between s22 ultra, 23 ultra and 24 ultra smhhh
im going to be very sad if i dont get this on my s23 ultra
No Qi2 yet, huh?
We want MK4K now
love the way u hit hindi in translate
That PeLED Innovation is stunning!
Idk... Might switch to iPhone...
For a 6.8" screen... I would say...at least 5200 mah battery was required, 16 MP UW Camera was required.But Samsung should work on improving quality of photoss...rather than increasing MP count. Also software should be very fast n light weight.  The 7yr OS update is the biggest welcome addition🙂
happy to see samsung trying to be like google with the 7 years of OS updates👍
Then the Iphone 15 and 15+ still has 60hz 😂😂
exactly like the iphone. typical of samsung.
(I don't know how to phrase this, but) I wish there was someone who makes smartphone reviews but ignores everything camera related. Irrelevant how many MegaPixel, how many lenses, performance in low light, software features, ... all this doesn't matter. Seriously, if you buy a smartphone because of its camera, you looked at the from type of technoloy. If you are looking for a good camera, go and look for a CAMERA.  And a different, kinda similar but unrelated, topic: I wish there was a standardisation of quality for different features. Every device should pass a certain minimum quality check. This also goes for smartphone cameras. That way cameras Smatphones who capture down right bad of overprocessed photos to the point that they are obviously kinda fake wouldn't even make it drawing board.
wow cant wait for my $1500 phone to immediately get screen burn in two weeks after use
This motivates me to leave the Icrap ecosystem. Iphones are such a Cock blocker for productivity. They show their lack of innovation and incapabilities with privacy excuses!!! Tim can sell more accessories and pour more money into R&D to make devices unrepairable and not useful. Bye, apple you suck!!
What did they exactly take from apple besides, let's say the titanium frame?
Respect for the guy who already have 100K views in 25 minutes we always support you man👇👇
Any chances of these trickling down to the S23 Ultra?
Aluminium. Cool review
Nice 🔥
Gonna trade in my zfold 5 Fucken hate this thing!
Winner S24 ultra or 15pro max ?
Omg
But still a camera cut-out.. why.. 😢
4:00 yooooo
if only the regular s24 had a 5000mah battery. I dont mind a chonky boi 🥺
I like my own comment.
I still wish there was a 24e and a the 24 Ultra looked more like the rest of the 24 lineup. I still would like to bring back the note.
Well, I am really looking forward to those camera comparison tests. I love the 10X zoom on my S23 Ultra.
Bring back the 3.5mm jack Samsung
Still no  super  fast charging speeds like 0 to 100 in 30 mins?
I chose to come to Marques' channel to have the first look rather than watching the live stream 😂 I'm sure I won't be the only one! It's the standard that MKBHD has set!
So glad i skipped the s23 ultra which wasn't a true upgrade from my s22 ultra. The s24 will be a really significant upgrade from both phones
Finally upgrading from S20 FE to S24u. I've been hoping to upgrade for 4 years, and this one looks worth the $1K more than the S22u or S23u just because of how durable it is and all its features having 10 times the power. Hope the upgrade is really really worth it🤞  Wish me luck!
I love the flat screen.
3:45 now that's legendary 🥺❤
S22 ultra for ever
I’m so glad smartphones companies realized flat screens are just better for usability
MKBHD and Mrwhostheboss dropping at the same time
Marques how many minutes has it been😂😂😂
ok, those AI features are kicking iOS butt. Finally something new coming from samsung that doesn't look like bloatware
So still really no point myself upgrading yet from my s22 Ultra, not a real upgrade in terms for myself untill i see more changes .
I'm literally watching the Galaxy Unpacked livestream and MKBHD is already releasing his review. Crazy
Mkbhd downloaded hindi ❤
Exynos 2400 in Europe on S24 and S24+. Should give Samsung critique for that. I guess we will not get to see battery performance evidence on exy vs snapdragon until way after the launch deals are over...
Looks exactly like an iPhone  Samsung fans:😅😒🙁😩😭😭😭🤡
The flat screen looks amazing. Sony Esque.  Love it.
AI is just an excuse to cut cost on a new hardware. If that's the case, then most of the next generation phone will have the same hardware as last year's with different SOC and different AI chip. Some people think it's a huge upgrade but those who don't use AI features won't see any differences in terms of hardware. This is just like iPhones already. Seems like technology has reach its limit where there's nothing you can do to improve apart from Software.
Finally someone showcasing the Regular S24.  Hats off Man:)
Shoutout to Matpat!!
That circling feature is so damn convenient and helpful.
Now hold up I just bought the s23 for myself on Christmas 😂
bro released the video before the phone trailer 💀
Nice ! your so fast that Samsung is still unboxing it 😮
Nah, i happy with my S23U. Hoping for S25U to have major updates.
3:46 always has been
The animations look so smooth!
Google Phone + Samsung Phone = this
Im upgrading my S22 ultra just for the fact of no curved edges anymore yay
*_Finally, THE Samsung flagship with FLAT screen._*
7:35 Did Marques flex with that spanish translate for the upcoming review? 👀
RIP edge display
Hi  Marques  Absolutely love your tech videos But there’s one request when you review these phones if you could do the speaker comparisons or take about speakers of these phone  And especially 15 pro max vs s24 ultra as I saw there’s new speaker cutout. Wonder how it sounds compare to 15 pro max  Thanks
Man smartphones have become boring... especially from Apple and Samsung.
Just opened YouTube to watch the Samsung event and I see Marques. I clicked on Marques. 🙌🏽
Looks amazing, I'm gonna continue using my S23 Ultra
Love the altered design but I couldn't care less about AI.
The AI translator is very innovative and impressive. I bet online scammers will like this one.😅
I liked the curved display on the s23 ultra it felt good in hand
Look like ihpne
im gonna switch back to samsung when the s26 ultra come out. I need my apple stuff for school..
Samsung has really nailed it with 24 series. Although classic Apple strategy on not changing the design and feel but this time S series have these mind blowing features that might make some people lean towards Samsung.
BIggest L for samsung. replacing 10x with 5x and then the usual AI bs 👎👎 I will easily get S23 ultra any day
bro no one wants changes under the hood. find a benchmark. make it powerful enough to fit in todays time and do an revolutionary redesign.
MKBHD > Samsung
shout out to Mat Pat
Nothing new this year
What a major slime copycat Samsung has become ?F disgusting  , everything Apple does next year Samsung has it .
Finally no more stupid curved edge screen's
I appreciate the AI but man, I just want to be able to download multiple photos in the Google Photos app onto my phone’s Gallery.
If there's 1 thing to test, I would suggest the 5x zoom. Is it truly better than the s23u's optical 10x?
Samsung for life this year upgrading from S22 to S24 or S24 Ultra 😊❤❤
So there isn't exynose in other parts of the world
bro gets the phone faster than I get to know about the release of the new one 💀
What do i watch first😂
Can the S24 ultra record Log like the iPhone 15 Pro
Bring back the Google Play Edition, please
Now i need to choose between watching the live unpacked or This 😂
I chose to get the review here rather that from Samsung 😅
That nod to MatPat, though.
Pics on samsung always appear less good than the iphone ones no matter how much i upgrade
No ir blaster?
If all the AI processing is done on the device itself, this would be a big W against the Pixel.
What ist that thing ond the right side on the frame of the phone? 1:01
I hate MIUI 14😂 search
Ultra gets a $100 price increase. Disappointed in that.
Watching from s23 ultra🎊💖
I'm gonna miss the curved display. It all just looks like an iPhone to me. I understand why some people disliked curved displays though, and it's probably a money saver for Samsung.
Sharing preference. That what samsung makes profit. Android also, and many else.
Why are you saying Samsung is copying Apple? You don't say the same when an Android future comes to Apple do you? You just say it as an Apple way of doing things. You are biased towards Apple dude.
thankyou love from India😀
Is there actually a point of a qhd screen in a smartphone?
Samsung just took a big dump on Apple today
S24 and TechImma1st
Why is mkbhd not telling that only America gets snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip? For everyone else, s24 and s24+ comes with EXYNOS. Very misleading
I'm upgrading from a base s21 that is literally falling apart (backplate fell off, cameras died, volume rocker stopped working, phone gets hot), the conundrum now is whether to get an s24 Ultra at $1300 or a refurb s21 Ultra at $300 and will I miss the AI stuff.... decisions decisions. I'm honestly happy with my s21's performance so an ultra version should be ok... but the FOMO!!!! ACK!  Edit: If the rumors that Samsung is locking the AI features behind a paywall after a 12 month free trial are true then I'm most likely going to the S21 Ultra. Getting tired of manufacturers nickel and diming headliner features (especially ai features that run locally and not on the cloud).
"Which I was not expecting, but I like it." Golden Words
Please go in detail on live translation
5 years later Apple will announce iphone 20 with AI and say its revolutionary!
Samsung must forget
The watermark to indicate it has been edited is definitely a need in Google photos.. that's like the most logical thing to have added from the start. I like to know which photos I edited.. otherwise it's so difficult to locate them.
Need a side by side quick zoom test between 23 ultra and 24 ultra in your full review. Just to get an idea of the change. Battery comparison too
I really hope it’s Snapdragon for S24/+ across the globe and not just US.
I hope you're right about the 10x to 5x. I use the 10x a lot.
I don’t wanna hear anyone clowning Apple and how their phones always look the same. When you have Samsung dropping the same phone every year lol
I'd rather keep my galaxy FE 21 ,bunch or crooks sun of a beaches
I’ve been an iPhone girlie for years, had the 4 in middle school. But I’ve been really liking how these Samsung models look 😮 I’m really thinking about it honestly
Samsung uses apples homework after Apple uses Android homework. oh how the turn tables. ( I'm on a s20 note ultra)
7 years tho...
Wow the S24 Ultra looks almost EXACTLY like the leaked shots I've seen of the Z Fold 6 closed, happy theyre finally releasing a thinner Fold with a wider outer screen this year.
Far Better than iphone
Exactly like the iPhone 😅😅😅😂
Left samsung live event for this.
Smth that rlly sticks w me is when u made that video saying Samsung is the “iPhone” of androids and the more I watched this video the more I agreed with that statement, not because the flat edges or the whole titanium thing but just because how consistently good the Samsung phones are every year recently and make minor changes each year.
Matpat😢
I'm so glad they added magsafe compatibility. I added magnets to the inside of my s22 ultra just to have the wireless charging align, and it's so nice
🫡👊🏿
These things were ther for years they just started talking about it more now. My phone has had a lot of these things for years now
Samsung didnt even announce these phones yet and MKBHD already drops a fully edited video
Does mkbhd read comments
Sadly Europe will get exynos chips again 🙄
1300 now   next year 1400  year after 1500
Curved display looked so much better
Shout out to True Crime YouTuber Matthew Patrick. 3:45
everyone saying the iPhone is the same. this samsung is just the same as last year except with minor camera and battery upgrades, oh and they've implemented AI, which is basically useless except for the Phone app and notes app. So yeah same phone with minor tweaks and a couple new apps. Seems like they did the same thing every android user has been critising apple.
Looks like in europe we are getting Exynos chips instead of Snapdragon. Why in the hell Samsung does this is beyond me...
Mrwhosetheboss is faster than both mkbhd and Samsung 😂 loved both of the reviews 🔥
That side profile of the S24/+ looks 100% like an iPhone 😂
Yeah I think I'll wait to see what Google come out with first, before deciding on this.
19 min later! Damn!
AI is gonna ruin this world.
So nothing you mentioned will work on european version of S24 with Exynos 2400? Or that "snapdragon ai chip" is bullshit?
Anyone else thinks the s24 ulta design is not good.
Same phone different year. Really don't want to upgrade from my s21 ultra
2nd copy of pixel 😂
Another Joe Biden 🤦🏾
More AI than meets the A-EYE
"it's just a theory, a lens theory" 🥺 Nice with flat screen and lighter weight 👌 Great video as always! 🙌
I found it ironic that they replicated Pixel 8's success by incorporating their new tech on S24.
its painful that reviewers forced samsung to go the apple route and make flat screens. Curved screens was a samsung thing and something i really loved. Guess i have to stick with the s23 ultra.
Plz like this comment marques 😭😭
Hello Marques
Excuse me ? Was that a MatPat reference at 3:45 ??? I was not expecting that at all. God dam
You are talented marques sure you are keep this up.
SAMSUNG FINALLY UPGRADED THE PLUS DISPLAY!!!!
What would've top this all off if Samsung's "Sam" made a comeback. Would've made sense for a personal AI assistant lol
Was going to buy a iphone 15 tomorrow... now im buying s 24
So just keep my s22+ is what you're saying? OK got it
Oh yes...😮
Samsung completely demolished Google’s Pixel with the AI features lol
Watching this and I just bought an s23 last month
marques my man the most reliable person, speaks strat to the point just love how he makes the video. Long time subscriber
3:45 lens theory📈
Maybe I'm in the minority but I preferred the curved screens. I prefer the aesthetic.
Aaaahhh 1 year comes round so quick. How does my s23 already look old already
At this point iPhones are really outdated
Have they made it so you can clear the phone of all the Samsung bloatware they cram on these?
I can finally understand those Chinese scam calls, thanks Samsung
I must say the phone looks extremely good with flat screen and boxy design
Shout out mat pat, legend. 😄
You can do the "image search anything" in the multitask menu on pixels, idk about other like stock OSs. But it's not that crazy of a feature.... when you go to multitask there is screenshot and select, select does this
visual search? i am using google lens for years to search images...
Huge thanks 🫶🇦🇺👍
Early gang ⬇️
Bixby needs so much improvement. When you said it, it triggered it on my phone. Where's voice recognition?
Marques Brownlee
Phones are so well matured now, it looks the same, but in this day and age, all the upgrades are internal
That flat glass on the Ultra is a big W
Damn Qi2 still isnt ready yet? 😭
@MKBHD did you meet @actuallycarterpcs
Why the hell is Samsung becoming more and more like Apple? And why did they remove the curve class 🤯
i always say...ohhhh nice colors then i end up getting the black color
This the video I’ve been waiting for! Seems like worth the upgrade and Since this is 2024, I’m going to rock the violet/purple 24U in honor of Kobe Bean Bryant! 🫡 ⚫️ 🐍
You should have mentioned its snapdragon on US and Canada only, the rest will get exynos on s24 and 24+, only the ultra will get the snapdragon outside US and Canada
Hearing MatPat's influence in an MKBHD video wasn't what I expected, but man you got me tearing up :')
Google's ai is much more useful. best take is literally the best feature
lol... samsung is officially dead... what a copy!!!!
Google did it first, Samsung does it better.
The live stream is boring and long. Good thing this released at the same time
shout out to matpat
Man the matpat easter egg that was a good one
Sadly these are more informative and fun than apple and samsung combined  Samsung is just bland and Apple add way too much garbage animations and cut sequences like star trek .. also fukk mother earth cameos
Samsung is still not finished with the presentation.
No Qi2?
Can't you wait for the official release of samsung?
This year was ass. The same stuff with just some software enhancements. What a dissapointment
The ultra make me think of the Xperia 3 from the side
Meh, now's the right time to buy the S23.
Is the S23 Ultra lighter than the 23 Uktra with it's Titanium rails?
Hope you can also take a look at the Exynos variant for your fans outside the US.
A YouTuber should dare others to make tech videos without mentioning iPhone It's starting to feel like Apple's paying these guys
“Just a little bit” is the vibe
Bro said I ain’t got nothing time for Samsung😭
Love the new ai features!! But they still make me question if any of them is really a necessity? I don't find myself using any of these features except maybe the search with a circle one and the summary ones that's all
As anyone made a meme image of a phone from 2030? It will look exactly the same as 2020 but have 18 different cameras on the back. One for each level of zoom and feature.
Remember lads S24 and S24+ has EXYNOS 2400 all over the world.  Only usa/canada gets snapdragon 8 gen 3.   S24 ultra is snapdragon across the world. Why does samsung always does this. Ultra is a little too big for my usage and i don't need the stylus. S24+ is perfect for me but in my region only EXYNOS variant is avaliable. Exynos is an inferior chip. So im paying the same premium but will get an inferior product!!! This is ridiculous 😢
Samsung just Copy Paste titanium body idea + the new titanium colour from Apple 💀
wait what... 1st impression is way 1st than Samsung's...
Idk should I sell my Pixel 8 for the S24? thoughts?
No Samsung anymore for me!
Bro announced before Drew and Hee Jin.
Crazy that these phones have more memory that the base model M3 Mac Pro. Oooh dont give me that unified memory BS.
Its really painful how reviewers have changed features others like because of their personal opinions, 🤧, the curved screens were cool and had a nice accidental touch prevention feature, but yalk made them remove it
I bet Marques has already been using the s24 for the past 2 weeks and thought he'd be humble for this vid
No curved display is a bummer. Samsung's curve display was the special thing from the rest of the flagships
U left out "expanding battery"
I chose to come to Marques' channel to have the first and ultimate review.
Apple has some catching up to do on the AI features.
Will some of these features come as updates on the S23 ultra or they are exclusive to s24
Really loving the AI feature, Samsung knocks it out of the park again
I miss the Deadmau5 intro music.
I would honestly miss the curved display
That shout out to MatPat T_T
Samsung now copying everything from iphone..so sad😢
So can someone clarify for me, did they increase the screen to body ration on s24 and s24+ hence the 6.2"/6.7" upgrade? Did the phones increase in size overall or just the screen...
Most folks will buy the premium s24 ultra. Why? Because we love flagships that defeat all rivals. Boss!
All those who love the new flat screen of s24 ultra ...should gather here
Middle-class burger stay away from this video 😂
I was waiting for him to do this and he just did!
It hurt a bit when he said it’s “Just a theory. A lens theory”.
hell yeah flat display
Will the S23 Ultra get the same or similar software updates as well?
They ALWAYS look the same
so where's the meme people made for iPhone about the "changes". They should make one for Samsung too.
So Beautiful Device 💕😊
IOS > ANDRIOD ... sorry ...
I use 10x all the time, sad to see it go
RIP KOBE💔💔
We are getting lazy with this one 4:58
"but that's just a theory"
iPhone user’s watching this knowing they won’t even get it👑!
“Hey this is MKBHD… so I’ve been testing the brand new Samsung Galaxy 24 for the last 7 years…”
Are these AI features coming to last year phones too?
Apple is prolly taking notes on what to add to the iphone 16
Let's Go!!!!
can you remove the AI watermark in a picture with AI?
Can Samsung come up with something new?
4:23 flagchip
The instant visual search looks like a feature that will become the standard for phones in the future.
Basically everyone is doing AI stuff. Is there anything left to work for humans ?😅
That live translation is sick 😮
They’ve really pumped up the reasons to buy the plus this year
Just happened to be here as it dropped. Crazyyy.😂
Good phone
The event is rough
3:43 nice sendoff to MatPat from Marques🫡🫡🫡🫡
I literally just jumped to your channel because I knew you would drop a vide, too.
It's hard to say "flagship chip" correctly 5 times in a row.
They look so boring design wise.. srsly so freaking lame
The Galaxy S24 outside USA again has a Exynos chip, so i'm glad i made the right choice to upgrade to the S23 Plus, which was the first and only Galaxy device to have Snapdragon here as well.
They ripped the sides right off the iphone lmao
🇮🇳
I'm holding thr s21 ultra and will continue to hold it. These newer phones have no character. The s21 had the best design byfar. S25 🙏
3:30 my that was epic 🔥
Somebody called MKBHD an apple fanBoy😆😆
Took a while for you to upload .. I'm more excited for the price drop on the S23 series and for the Fan Editions to be honest. 😅
we dont need to watch the live. mkbhd showed everything....
i know people could say the phone is boring and it looks the same as last year and oh they copied apple this is exactly how i have wanted a phone to look ever since the s10, it is way to clean, but i can say the camera arrangement was peak on the s10
Bro had his hand hovering over the submit video button.
I liked my own comment!
whats the pwm this time ?! y noone is speaking about this ?!
MKBHD downloading Hindi package in the phone app ... Indicates how important is Indian audience to him
Love you, MKBHD, and love your content very much. I'll be sending you a letter in the mail.
Interesting how Ai is going to be the standard now in our every days life
Guess it is time to upgrade my s21 Ultra, guess shows that you can make a iPhone with no camera bump 🤔
If you like this comment….  I appreciate you
the Ultra colour options are so ugly this year, like who tf wants yellow?
3:45 "Now this is all a theory, a lens theory" Marques using MatPat's line was very unexpected
Please do a review of s24 plus
Dope!
dude missed the whole ai features sorry but live stream was better
" As expected they look very similar" U wont catch reviewers saying the same for Iphones that have looked the same since the iphone 11
Dude that was so smooth and relaxing 😩
If all Samsung is going to do is make an iPhone then I'm just going to buy an iPhone
So now Samsung is copying iPhones😂
At the end of the day, Samsung realize following Apple’s footsteps is the best choice even after more than a decade.
Bro is the Samsung event even halfway lol
Why would the embargo end at the start of the livestream?
It’s better to watch you than Samsung!
Imagine an update video...after 7 years😂
I like the MatPat reference 😢
Love Matpat part ❤
Nice phone but where can I get that hoodie?
will these features be available in older smartphones
the only "Snapdragon 8gen3 across the board" only for US, china, and korea. if you're out of that region, goodluck with your new personal pocket heater
Nothing new
Is the ultra's corners as sharp as  the cyber truck?
Still using an S22 Ultra is it worth the upgrade?
Will we get AI for 23 Ultra?
This video has more view than the Samsung reveal livestream.
Faster than Samsung 😂
Phones are so boring. Let's talk about other stuff.
Dude!!! The event is not even finished ! you released the video too early
I skipped Samsung's keynote for this video😅
Mattpat 😭😭
3:48 love the MatPat reference
Damn they look good
The camera hardware is really disappointing. Why do we have to look at Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo and such for good cameras? Those phones are not or barely sold and supported outside Asia.
Wow $1300 for the ultra? That’s crazy
Man, its 2024 and we stil have to look at that disgusting Samsung logo.
I feel like 128gb-256gb on a phone in 2024 is abhorrent! It should be 512 and up only!
So it’s only bad when Apple keeps the same design lmfao?? Samsung always copying Apple…
If this was the new iPhone people would be clowning it for being essentially the same as the last few years models, but I guess with Samsung it's okay.
so no Exynos?
7:07 i think you have lot of indian friends 🙂🙂..
The ai is gonna be the biggest innovative thing samsung has brought
Are they pushing any of the software stuff to other Samsung devices?
I feel I'm early
The audio sounds more crisp!!
Hath ka use thora jyada he ho raha hai aj kal😶
Lol. The curved display trend is dead. FINALLY!
It's time to upgrade my Galaxy s10+
Time to buy an s23 ultra now for that price drop
Abhi India mn launch ho Raha hai😢
I love how obvious it is that over most of the video is pre-recorded! Hats off to the effort and quality 🙌
Samsung galaxy 24 💪
MKBHD 가 한국어를 언급한 줄은 몰랐네요
Somebody at samsung is getting fired for the same ebrago lift time as Samsung event time.
Very thing/thing but Japan but with AI…
Same 24it.
Carve 😔😔😔gone
Definitely going to pick up this years ultra been waiting for the flat screen. Tired of getting cracka on the curve
Nice reference to transformers
Damn.
All that bust still can't play next gen console games.
The way Samsung is clearly trying to copy the iPhone 15 line-up this year, sus
Can't wait to never buy this.
funny that all the software features are coming to the s23 line-up aswell while they say "new to the s24"
Waiting for Jerryrigeverything video
Does the base S24 also have the snapdragon 8 gen 3 chip in europe? I heard it'd have an exynos chip everywhere outside of the US
Nice to see Samsung is once again following Apple, but throwing in some great useful features and innovating on their trends. But I have to say, the best only thing that impressed me about this phone is the live translation. That will actually be incredible to use if it is accurate.   I might also be one of the only people who really dislikes all the AI photo editing.
great hardware, as always from samsung. now fix your software.
So basically a s23 😅
Now waitng for Google 9 pro gets more exciting
Life transaction is a wooow wow
I left the live casting from Samsung, saw M's tweet, and came here directly 😂
I NEED that home button visual lookup shortcut on iOS ASAP
*It'S JUsT A THEoRY👻... A LeNS THeoRY...!  💀✌️🔥* Shoutout to Matpat!
yeah exynos 2400 is back, dont buy it folks, we know how bad the battery are
Hey I’m early for over hi guys!
Ai + 7 = 1500$
Cool so no reason to upgrade my S22 Ultra.
Be great to know from what version IRL is worth an upgrade?
For once AI seems useful
Samsung: So we are launching this phone next month.  MKBHD: Hello guys I've been using this phone for couple of weeks now..
2024 is the year of AI in Tech Industry.
Congrats you just bought the same phone twice
5:53 AAAAGGHH scared me there with that thing. The lower photo with lipstick doesn`t make it  better.
Actually it's nice to Samsung to bring those Pixel AI features to the bigger masses. Because Google is kinda gatekeeping them for the US
I know a lot of tech reviewers hated the curved edges, but I really like them. Terrible for glass screen protectors, but swiping gestures felt super nice
That shout-out to matpat>
Damn haven’t had a Samsung since the S7 😂 I hope they fixed their shit by now 10 years later and maybe I’d jump back to android. Is there still lag after using a Samsung after 2+ years?
Samsung launching things the Apple way🤣
AI makes ppl braindead.. the hardware is doing all the work
Watching on my S23
"first look at S24"  I saw them last year with the same boring ass design
Need a 4k screen
People who are are watching this video instead of the livestream 👉🏻
Shout out MatPat ❤
Is all the new AI features just for the ultra or for all 24 models?
Did they really rip off apple’s “natural titanium” color ?
Love the Nex/Dex reference in the background. You never cease to make little references here and there @mkbhd ;)
The pricing is actually kinda decent and the y look very appealing
Finally Finally Finally no more curve screen
Like for every push up and jump pls
3:45 DUDE too soon man, TOO SOON 😭
Thats why other Tech youtubers dont grow. MKBHD gets everything before release.  Where is the competition?  MKBHD videos are great but this is really not fair.
that iMac be haunting Marques every video....
Bruh knew which language pack to download 7:05 👀
Watching this on my phene, while live is opened on my laptop
Samsung trying to keep up pace with MKBHD
I hope so, because what meets the eye is exactly the same as a phone from 2019...
I always wanted a iPhone designs with android, so this is great
TLDR: Samsung catching up to Google in software and Apple in hardware, and there’s a HOT new violet color on the Ultra
MATPAT😭
Violet s24 ultra is 💯💯
Im liking this new Samsung
Are there different chips for different regions?
"a lens theory" is the new mkbhd catchphrase
The Game Theory reference made my day
bro no wayyyy, hes on top of it
i'm an Apple user through and through but that instant image search on google is INSANE. Would love to have that.
Samsung Galaxy Reheated Cutlet series
crazy how identical they look to iphone lmao
Big Downgrade S 24 Ultra 😢😢
❤😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
S24 1300$? no way it's expensive than iPhone 15 Pro Max. no one gonna buy it over iPhone 15 Pro Max.
Shoutout to MatPat Indeed ❤🔥
They laughed at Apple for using a 5x lens watch them praise it now
Live transcription is a great deal ❤❤❤
These AI features are amazing I'm sold
Basically an iPhone with Google Pixel software
Apple does it... Samsung does it😂🤦🏾‍♂️
Samsung and Apple
€1450 for the base S24 Ultra 😭😭😭
5:35 that skirt is 1500 bucks?!
Imagine Samsung doing a "spec bump" on a Samsung Galaxy S24+ is going from FHD to QHD in 2024 when old S models like the regular S7 for example had QHD by default back in 2016 already. More like coming full circle and reintroducing old features branded as new after downgrading or removing them. What's next, headphone jack or MicroSD comes back too?
1300$🥴
This new Samsung iPhone isn't bad
Marques I'm from Spain! I can help you try the live translation feature!
Bro read the "don't upload until 10 AM PST" and took the opportunity, the contract never said it should be after the live * actually * started lmao
1:03 that design is just 🤯🤯
the normal s24s actually remind me of a iphone so much
Why don’t you compare this design upgrade to a Porsche car like you did for Apple phones?
Wait. Did the unpacked event happen today??
Bro got pimple 🙂
I see no changes
Dude released it before Samsung unveiled it 😂😂😂
Damn he's fast!!!
They should remove the S Pen from the Ultra and give it a 6000mAh battery. At the same time, bring back the Note just like the Ultra is now
3:47 those type of sentances gonna give me ptsd for a while i already miss him 😭
that callback to matpat is nice
Another Samsung, I can't afford 😢😅
The S24 and S24+ don't use the snapdragon chip in europe. They switched it back to the exynos chip.
The fact that it's finally flat again is why I'm buying the Ultra.
New phones are pissing me off…where is the innovation!!? 🤦🏼
I love S24❤
gimmicks
I can’t appreciate or support a company that sells 3 different processors with 3 different performances and struggles to deliver timely software updates, and when it does, it’s limited to only one model.  PS: Avoid buying any product that has AI next to its name. Be cautious and avoid falling into this trap.
AI is advanced now.
Samsung released iPhone 16, iPhone 16 Pro and iPhone 16 Ultra and made them better than Apple does
The back of S24 looks alike to Galaxy A54🤣 even the camera bump is also same large🤣 innovation of Samsung🤣
People out there that can buy this while I watch from a broken itel lol, can't wait to be able to afford these 😂
This was recommended while i was watching the official live launch 😂😂
Ooooh can't wait 🎉
S24U is insane
I can't afford the phone right now, but i love this review.  I love all your videos.
First first impression I’m watching
SAMKBHD
Shame on you Samsung Stop copying iPhone
Samsung really just going backwards. Made the phones a more uncomfortable shape and completely got rid of the really nice curved display
This looks A LOT like the current IPhone
Help me decide which one i will get this or pixel i struggle with this decision especially with the batteries that samsung now has.
Btw that Easter-egg in back of a person looking at the Bixby Speaker😭
3:44 made me cry
They look like iPhone 15 inposters 😂😭☠️💯
Does it have exynos in europe?
Feels more like a downgrade 😢
Visual search is a big deal to me
0:48 - I really enjoy not dropping my phone because of a slippery curved siding.
No lie, they shamelessly just copy-pasted Google
Bro wasted no time. LMFAO, Theyre not going to give you phones anymore mannn
My Pixel Fold is really driving me crazy with how glitchy and unreliable the software is. Inside screen almost never turns on the first time I open it, or requires a reboot to work. The Tensor chip overheats so easily that I don't even bother doing anything resource intensive anymore because when it overheats it lags. I love stock android but I think I might pay this stupid thing off early and head back to Samsung for a little while, because I feel like I'm lugging around a useless heavy brick that I never use the fold feature on anyway because the inside screen never works and scratches if you so much as glide a fingernail across it
Trash
Why don t put this guy to make the presentation.. the korean guy is so boring ...
You are way Faster than snapdragon 😂😂
Don't know why Samsung is handing out phones to creators even before that unpacked event 😢 Why Samsung is this desperate. Disappointed ☹️
How the live is 9 mins past and somehow you already make a 10 mins video LOL
iS24, you suck Samsung lol..  First you copy them and take off the phone jack and SD card slot... Now you copy their whole body LOL
How can it be possible 😂😂😂
Intrigued to see how shit the Exynos version we get in Europe is vs. the Snapdragon one. I'll be sticking with my Snapdragon s23.
Dammnn!!! Iphone: we are the best right now   Samsung: hold my beer 🍺🍺😂
I dont know how much mkbhd gets from apple  As he is just always revolving around apple 😐
yo
3:45  games theory refrence lol  We will miss you matpat
iSamsung S24 :)
This is just great i wish i had one of these..
The live translation sounds amazing
A THEORY....A LENS THEORY
Who else is hear to support Marques monopoly on new phone even today. Literally waited to watch him first. 😂
Me watching this an iPhone XR 🤧
Finally😊😊😊 I was waiting for your review before I purchase this one
iPhone sets the trend; others stick to the same old design without much change.
Damm 😂 I knew it. You’re the man lol, don’t even go back to Samsung live 😂
The S24 pro max is here!!
Apple said: copy but dont do the same, and then Samsung…
Is this the official Samsung channel?   Because ain't no way I'm waiting for the notification on Samsung page and dude drops a detailed video. 😅
Insanely complacent phone launch from samsung. Incredibly underwhelming and very dissapointing. Not to mention they seriously need a new spokesperson for their unpacked events, he is STRUGGLING
Samsung be watching these videos before dropping their own
I love samsung ❤
Why do they make same design 🤔
The S24 came out, that means that S23 got cheaper, which in turn means that I can finally afford an S22 Ultra😂😂
This is interesting
ITS JUST A THEORYYY, A GAAAME THEORY
Good hardware but it’s running Android OS thats the problem.
Now no need to watch live stream😂😂
Same, same, but different.
“Now this is all a theory, a lens theory” caught me off guard 🥺
That for me is a reason to switch over iPhone 🎉
Marques you should really start telling us battery capacities in mWh rather than mAh. Or better yet: just use Wh! I'm sure you know why
This dude can get his hands on a new phone before I even realize there is a new phone.
Why doesn't the embargo lift AFTER the event? 💀
3:45 HE SAID THE THINGGGGGG
You're faster than Samsung
A theory 🥲
Bro is faster then the  event 😂
Not worth to upgrade
The QHD display on the plus model isn't an upgrade. Samsung was using QHD panels since the Galaxy S6 until they decided nope! You gotta pay more for it.
Being a Samsung enthusiast I've been searching/looking into this S24 series. But when you bring to the table I could say it's certified.
Nah this is the first time where I’m literally like feels wrong to be this early.
I am watching this rather than that live event haha
people will see 7 years of OS updates and say "hell yeah"
Goat
Zero innovation. Trash presentation.  Samsung has literally become the Apple of the Android world.
The views every minute in this video 😵‍💫📈
I can finally buy an S22 Ultra in peace 😭😭
And ppl be dogging Apple talking bout the iPhone 15 is the same as the iPhone 14 now look at the s24 and it’s the same thing as the s23 so Samsung is copying Apple bringing out a titanium edge
I can't fkn wait!
Shoutout to mat pat
I'm actually kinda sad to see the curve officially gone for the ultra
Top of the line smartphones still having 4000mah batteries still baffles me.  Is it for the sake of getting obscenely faster charging or something? Because stuff like Motorola's G series is at like 5 or 6k on phones with way lower tdp chips, working way less, thus using way less battery. So why does the actually powerful stuff gets the "small" 4kmah?
It's all a theory... A lens theory.   I see what you did there.
Samsung event is still live 😳
24k views in  5 minutes 🎉
Samsung galaxy iPhone
3:46 this all a theory, A lenz theory 😭❤
Best case's review from samsung s series phones
So i have been using this phone for the last 2 years.....(i mean nothing's changed)
They’re copying Apple with the rounded corners which makes them unoriginal
Finally time to upgrade my s21!
Who else is like me who is confused whether to watch the event or this
"this is a theory, a lens theory" Thanks man matpat was a childhood 😊
Why i love Samsung way more than apple
THAT SHOUTOUT TO MATPAT WAS GOATED 🐐🐐
MKBHD review > samsung event 😅
Samsung should be more creative and not copy the titanium edges of its biggest competition...
Who wants to watch 1hr unpack event when you get 10 mins of better summary than the whole event 😂😂
I was watching the dude on the live introducing while bro is already showing the phone
No ads , thanks Samsung and Google
Man… that MatPat reference hit hard 😔
As fast as MKBHD
Apple leads Samsung follows
This is the only channel dat don't ask for ah subscribe or like 👍. Dats why I always give likes to this type of channels.
The voice and the lip movement seems weird… 🧐
The Samsung Galaxy S24 and S24 Ultra are finally here, and the tech world is buzzing with first impressions! From the AI-powered enhancements to the surprising design choices, it's clear Samsung has packed some exciting surprises into this generation.  Here's a quick rundown of the hottest buzzpoints about the S24 series:  AI is King: As teased, the S24 is all about "Galaxy AI." From scene optimization in the camera to personalized shortcuts and enhanced productivity tools, AI seems deeply integrated into the user experience. Early reports suggest it's subtle yet helpful, not gimmicky.  Camera Upgrades (with a twist): The S24 Ultra ditches the 10x periscope lens for a 5x telephoto, raising eyebrows. But wait! Rumors claim this "downgrade" might actually translate to better zoom photos thanks to advanced processing and image stabilization. The main sensor also gets a megapixel bump, and low-light performance is said to be stellar.
Me = Just takes my money samsung on S24Ultra 1 TB Grey T ❤❤
Samvengers assemble - why iphones looks the same every year
Samsung watching his video to confirm the specs
the "Bixby speaker" on the shelf lol
I love the batteries . You really know you have a flagship
Please compare the zooms of the s23 ultra and s24 ultra
3:45 Nice shoutout to Matpat
I was looking for galaxy unpacked event but I guess its fine :D
Why not any upgrade in the rear cameras of S24 and S24+? They are taking 1000$+ money for a phone with the same 3 years old camera hardware. While Apple is called slow in innovation upgrading their camera hardware of every iPhones each year.
A LENS THEORY AHHHHHH
Crazy how people will cry about Apple using the same design but then appreciate and hype samsung for doing the same 🤣🤣
Why did you shout out to mat pat??
Lol Marques, let me at least get through the first 10 minutes of Galaxy Unpacked 😂
With marques I can say he leads the leader if am not wrong 😂
In Europe the non Ultra models do *NOT* ship with Snapdragon but Exynos 2400.
No curve No Samsung ❌❌
There was a time when Samsung used to troll Apple's same design products..
Yeah marques never disappoints with his introduction to these smart phones always watching and I am always a fan of his too...... Wanna meet him in real life to be honest...... I am from jamaica. PS. Dellané Phillips
YO THESE LOOK JUST LIKE AN IPHONE... WTF
Did I saw a MKBHD book in the background?
Was waiting for this (first real) review.
Even if it can zoom to heaven, imma still choose an iPhone
Who's wants to watch that live 😂 always go for mkbhd😂
Love the MatPat reference!
The MatPat shoutout🎉🎉
Wth!! Faster than Samsung 😂
Not sure who is the representative of Samsung  I think it’s marques
Wow, so much for 2024 tech.
One minute after the Samsung event 🎉🎉
Comparison with 15 pro Max soon
I skipped samsung official video and watching this video.
Oh so now samsung is copying apple now with that titanium side rails? How cheap
S24 Ultra looks like an xperia from 2017
Looks amazing, I'm gonna continue using my note 20 ultra
As a Samsung galaxy s22 ultra user I'm gonna switch I've had this phone for 2 years and the battery isn't as good as it used to be so I'm ready for the s24 Ultra. It's gonna be an awesome phone for sure
MKBHD..can i get pinned for no reason ❤️🥹
Wth this dude faster than light
I'm that poor man who is waiting for S24 FE.  🤣
2600 nits. That display is brighter than my future.
At last they have ditched the curved edges. There is a god 🙏
I was waiting partiently for this video i knew Mk will release it very soon.thank you mk
why waste time when i can come here!
Finally
Left samsung stream to check your video😌
iPhone from Samsung 😂
Samsung pics are too bright while Apple pics are too dark. Change my mind.
The apple guy reviewing an android...😅
So basically, Samsung made an iPhone
Man not again with that bloated 200 MP 1/1.3 inch main sensor...
Live streaming is going on but dude is way ahead😅
launch event now only started😂
Once again, iPhone reigns supreme.
This guy is faster than the flash himself when it comes to uploading 🎉🎉🎉🎉
It’s finally here. MKBHD Approved ✅
Hottake: Marques compliments various tech products and EV’’s, but still ends up with an iPhone, MacBook and Tesla every time.
AI integration is definitely gonna be a key feature this year.
???????? Samsung sucks at announcing things.
Will s23 cover fit s24?
its the same than s23 ultra😂
Samsung Live Just Started, and dude even posted!
that xperia z2 violet/purple <3
I wish if these phones run stock pixel android then it will be awesome
Wait. This dude has this for 2 years?
150 dega
Gotta say, the software stuff does look pretty good. I don't know whether it's enough to switch do on the S23 Ultra though.   I doubt it.
Kk
"This is only a theory, a lens theory."
I’m gonna hit my head on the wall for every like I get😢
Went to the livestream, they just started. Came here, saw Marques explaining everything!
O.K no need to watch the whole event lets save some time and watch your video instead.
66th comment here
Samsung event is happening rn
Flash😅
So I’ve been using this for couple for weeks now 😂
This is the one, now we have iPhone housing on Samsung 😂😂😂, soon getting iOs on Samsung
Wooo
Can't wait! 🎉
Am compelled to get back to Samsung 😂might take a trip to bestbuy soon
MKBHD is faster than Samsung!
Thank you 🎉
Great 👍🏻
*Big appreciation for Marques for always being first and on time with information*
MKBHD production better than Samsung
Wow
Right on freakin time! Even before Samsung!! 😂
I remember when Samsung had 1440p displays starting at 6".
if you're here early that means you choosed to watch Marques's video over the rest including the samsnung live stream.
That is a very pretty iPhon-- I mean Samsung phone! :D
Not first 😅
"an better iphone"
Second time I’ve been here within a minute of posting, I think I might need to go touch some grass…
More than meets the eye - **Insert the Bobby Lee clip**😭
My first ultra phone 24
Marques is the best tech reviewer!
Never been this early, zoop zoop!
Samsung could not ketchup to marques
More than meets the eye - **Insert the Bobby Lee clip**😭
Bro gat it from the factoryy
My initial impressions from the thumbnails alone...they look just like their previous four generations of phones. 😕
I’ll do a pushup for every like this comment gets
EARLY SQUAD!
MKBHD > Samsung 😂
Dude the Samsung event just started lol. Why watch the event when you have Marques
confused between liking the Samsung much more for it being so convenient but stuck with Iphone due to its Brand value.
Sui
Isnt the event like still 2 hours away?
You’re fast
Guys mrwhosetheboss is good aswell
as expected the we want your money thing goes on
He's not faster than @supersaf 😂
You should wait until the end of event
I just noticed they were named after the year they come out 🤡
Your WiFi is slow Marques
All Flagship And Specially 🍎 Ready To Blast
Bro spawn camped the live stream
Thank you mkbhd. You are a legend. You are first🤍
Damm Marques, isn’t even presented yet
Better to watch this than that event !
Samsung is making an insaaaane amount of effort to look just like Apple. Depressing.
Love the vids marques
😂
Cool
Let's goo
Nah forget the event this is what I've been waiting for lol😂
120th commentator
AI _year🔥
Hi
Let's see how many likes does this comment get
Wow ❤
Marqeee😂😂😂😂
holy smokes its looks like S22
He's definitely a perfectionist for posting the video at the same day and time as Samsung's release😂
Claim The "1 Minute" Ticket Here!
we out here
iPhone 15 pro max >>
Was I the first to load this video. 🐶 nose si fui yo.
This was a bit early 💀
Omg he didn't even wait
OMG I am so surprised he had it two weeks in advance 😂
Bezel lover Samsung
Waiting for this ❤
Damn 87 comments after one minute
Dope 😂😂😂😂
My boy is fast af 🔥
It looks beautiful
Marqeee😂😂😂😂
It’s crazy the Samsungs be unexpectedly dropping out of no where😭
AI needs to be integrated correctly and carefully before it becomes everything it promises to be
Ого швидко 😮
I want s23 series phone !!!
1 min gang
EMBARGO LIFTEDDD!!!
Let's go!!!!!!!!!
Who is watching from India ?
I commented first
I am Upgrading from my s9 to s24 ultra 🎉
Love from Bangladesh 🇧🇩 ❤️ 💕 💖 💗 💓 ❤❤❤❤
466
DAYUMMM
I'm watching you from Ghana you have to give me a shout-out on your next video
Hi
Disclaimer ther is no change in design 😂
sweet
The best phone of this year already
72 comments already 😅
I knew this was coming, didn't even bother with the unpacked event
Thats it les go
I love your videos  They are like food to me ❤  Pls don’t keep me starving 😅
Soo many S24 reviews at this moment lol
Yo super early ✔️✔️
Finallyyyy
Second viewer
1min ago 14 view❤❤❤
Excited!!
The fastest I've ever been to one of these videos
First 🎉
This is what I've been waiting for 🤩
Can't wait to see what this ai is all about
Nobody: MKBHD: So I’ve been using the galaxy s24 series for a month now
2nd viewer
Let's go baby!!!!!
I chose to come to Marques' channel to have the first look rather than watching the live stream 😂 I'm sure I won't be the only one! It's the standard that MKBHD has set!
Trust was quick!
Yes! That's it
Hi bro
15th view haha
14th
Time to upgrade my note 20 ultra lol
LIKE FOR INDIA 🇮🇳🇮🇳
Really fast Marques really fast!
early
Under a minute gang
Uo
That 7 year OS update is a big W
Lfgg!!!
Dead. Uploaded before the event even finished lmao
yo
I hope this time my comment goes viral 😅 ..
great video marques.
India be like 🇮🇳
Bros faster than Samsung 😭
Yes yes finally finally wait is over
Great 🎉
Event just started
Had it for the past 6 months?
1 view?
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I'm early 😮
Yes yes yes
First comment💣🖤😊
Really good
Yo please review the Nord phone from one plus
What’s funny is marquees and Mrwhostheboss posted at the same time about the same video😂
a
Hope it’s much better than the 23….
Lets get it
0
Ahhh first 30 viewers 😊
Third
Second
Dayum dayum …aye yo like my comment
Heyo
Samsung always!!
Sheesh
First comment from India ..... always love u so much & your content to.....❤
0 view gang
Rather watch this than the event lol.
It's MKBHD time ❤
Soo quick
❤
First obe🖤
Great video love ur content so much❤keep going
Finally ❤
ANIK UMAK
Wtf
Dude faster than Samsung
Hello
first view for the first time
Like clockwork!
O great. Same looking phone.
First
very fast
first
Let's see... 2024
first
First
Hello world
Movie
Yo 🤘
first🎉
