I love it his my favourite and humble and funny and since 6 years old he prove himself with science and golf bravo 🙌⛳️🏌️‍♂️Deschambeau ❤
Gonzalez Paul Jones Michelle Thompson Amy
Real is real.
I have alway like Roy, love his swing, but the way he represented himself after the tournament, not sticking around and shaking Bryson hand was childish and disrespectful. I will never pull for him again.
Winning on father's day after losing ya dad. Taking the time to sign and shake the hand of a man with a disability along the way and producing his very own by his own admission the toughest shot in golf, out that bunker to win it. If none of that don't get ya in the feels, I doubt nothing will. Incredible human. Congratulations.
Take you damn hat off the trophy
1yr ago I started playing golf all I knew was tiger woods was the man as I started to play I watched yt golf a lot grant horvat and Bryson became my two favorite ppl to watch golf and listen talk abt golf I really love this dude fr he’s great amazing golfer very happy he won I am always rooting for tiger woods and him to win
Single length for the win!!!
Yor dad watching Bryson! So proud
Loved him from the beginning ❤
Brilliant measured considered interview. Well done man!
I feel bad for Rory, but I am so happy for Bryson.  I love to watch him play. His passion and enthusiasm for the game are genuine.  Congratulations, Bryson!
that announcer needs a different job
Nice guy! Wonderful golf baller
He's grown up. So humble now.. it's been glorious to watch his growth. Congrats to him and he definitely made dad proud
Bryson Dechambeau you are the champion. But more importantly you won the hearts of the people and for that your reign as champion will last forever
The only reason he won it was because rory choked !!! And the best golfer in the world is SS TIGER had 10 majors by 30 help me out here how many does BD have??? Props to his par on 18 !!!
0sit ups p 000
Great golf for sure and would love to be a fan of Bryson …just can’t seem to decouple him from his choice to get in bed with an enemy country that simply bought him so some of us will forget who the Saudis are.  Wish Bryson could have been content and classy like Rory, Jordan, Tiger and the rest with their 10s of millions from the PGA and not sold out to a murderous country.
The World needs more Men like Bryson
And…. Rory chokes again!🤡
What a great finish! Bryson is the best at playing from danger!
THE CHAAAAAAAAAAMP
For someone who was constantly in the ruff and bunkers to win, you can imagine what a slaughter it would have been if he had not been in misery so often. Yep Bryson fan fore many years
I have been a basketball fan my whole life and it’s weird how unresponsive the press is. Normally you would here one or two people in the background chuckle or something when the person on the mic is being expressive
Those Dasani pint cans though
A true champion and massive inspiration to all of us around the world! Well done Bryson,with much respect from South Africa❤
What a great question at 12:00. Kevin really had Bryson shocked with that.
Amazing golfer and amazing person
Loved, loved, loved him but am very disappointed he sold out to LIV. Saudi Arabia is a severe patriarchal run society where women need permissions for various activities and privileges. He’s a good spokesperson now, marketing at it’s finest. Sad thing is he may not even know it.
Thumbs up if you think rory should be held accountable for his unsportmansship behaviour
Crazy that rory didnt even congradulate bryson
The PGA needs to do everything they can to bring him back, He is worth every penny my man, What a star ⭐  Well done champion 🏆
Trump sure enjoyed that win along with the rest of America. Heck of a win
PEOPLES CHAMP now .Yes it was Tiger
Breath of fresh air that golf needed badly. A lot of today’s top PGA Tour players come across as aloof douche bags (or just emotionless robots) who barely even acknowledge the crowds cheering for them. So refreshing to see Bryson smile at, acknowledge, and engage the crowds in such a positive way. Congratulations on a well-earned victory.
Best ball striker today.
DUAL US OPEN WINNER!
Tour Scholar.
Shame the rest of his cronies can't deal with the euros in the Ryder cup
🎉Never seen a luckier golfer ever in the rough so often and never  bad lie...he's such a tosser as well
bryson deserves so much more than what he gets. saving golf one stroke at a time
I admire his independence, invented his own swing, the golf  overlords wanted to change him and he said no, im doing it my way. The pga knocked him for going LIV. But again, bryson is independent and does it his way
Fuck yeah Bryson!
All the Haters crying 😭, Love it.
You are a true champion mate. Congratulations 🎉
How do you not love the guy??? Way to go Bryson
Bryson is such a likeable guy, and makes the game a joy to watch. One of the best US Opens I’ve seen in a long time
I like this guy...class act. Feel for Rory and all the noise...bottom line he was 3 shots out and he made it a super exciting US open that could have gone either way...all the pundits aside!
He should absolutely be representing USA in the olympics pretty sad situation that he can’t. I truly believe he is the most influential golfer on the planet
Great win for Bryson-----Chamblee's constant Rory walks on water comments and dis- respecting Bryson should end his commentating "career".
I’ve always liked Bryson and seeing everyone who used to hate him starting to change their opinion is kind of awesome but also annoying
Don't think there's ever a post game press conference that attracts so much views!
He'd be a great PGA player. LIV blows
Very cool he ackknowledges "I was a little lucky". Because "he was very lucky" on several missed fairways...I feel bad for Rory, but having Bryson acknowledge his 'luck" was really cool to hear.
So happy for Bryson!
I remember Bryson’s press conference after he won US Open at Winged Foot. Not sure, but I think it was his opening statement. About course setups and his game, that week and generally. It was awesome. A real eye opener
Bryson as been like a breath of fresh air to golf thank you bryson long may it continue
DeChampeau
Glad I discovered his YouTube years back which demonstrated that he’s actually a super likable guy with extreme dedication both to his friends and his craft. He grinded this out and it’s well deserved.
Yeah Bryson, sorry Rory.
When he showed the love to that kid in the wheelchair while walking between the green and the tee, so late in the tourney when the pressure was really at its' peak, was something I'd NEVER seen a professional do on the golf course.  I flipped my switch on him right there and then.  Congrats to Bryson for the win but also for winning hearts and minds throughout the golf world!
Wow he did it and what a statement for Liv Golf. Just shows where a lot of the worlds greatest golfer are...
Typical PGA/ reporters!! So biased towards Rory. Yes, it’s sad he unfortunately didn’t win..we get it, he’s PGA’s poster boy but come on people, Rory isn’t the beginning and the end of professional golf!! But for f sakes, Let Bryson enjoy the win and focus on him, this is his time.
Fine... now take your ass back to liv golf.
Very enjoyable game..he had my vote to win..
And the fact that Bryson is not eligible to be on the World Cup team is criminal.
Real class. With Pavon. With the crowd. Dumb decisions at times - like driving into forests instead of ironing it gently… - which made him all the more endearing.
Yeahhhhh boyyy
PGA needs Bryson back.  Jay needs to buy Bryson back from LIV A.S.A.P. !!!
Many congrats Bryson! Well done!😁👍⛳🏆
Lack of real emotion ... or am I wrong?
Congratulations. But now. Go back to liv
I don't like LIV, but I like Bryson. For those going after the Saudi money do you really want to go there? Do you know how far into sports that money reaches? You better be consistent if you intend to take Bryson down for taking the money.
If him and Rory were in the same group this would have been crazy good. Was still awesome but man that could have been some lit stuff
Bryson is a gentleman and a scholar, . with the upmost respect you could ever have, Rory is a complete nobody, with no respect for anyone and as a Brit I think Rory has done himself no favours whatsoever
Solid guy, even better golfer
These Rory-Fluffers just can't be happy for Bryson.
Great moment 👍
If Bryson would have said, "better luck next time Nerd" I'd have died 18:56
It really hurts that Rory didn’t show the same respect that Bryson showed at the pga championship he’s just so stuck on himself. He’s a very good player don’t get me wrong.
Go Bryson !! Congratulations
Sorry this dude has a knack for the drama. Happy for him but lose the theatre and mack a little humble pie and people over 30 will be in on Bryson.
I love seeing how the dynamics around bryson and golf fans has changed. From endless hate to endless love. Hes the man@
You’re a fine person you made a lot of fans happy! Your hero to a lot kids ! You can’t fake it! Thanks!
Made that sand save look easy! Not many people can make that shot not to mention for the us open! Bravo Bryson and cudos to Rory for making that the most enjoying final round I’ve watched since stenson won the British open
YouTube has definitely showed me more of who you are as a person. I love your collabs with some of the women on your channel. Keep it up. It’s entertaining and you get to show us your talent.
That course was EVIL! Well played!
Bryson plays the game strictly for money,why do you think he went to LIV,
B needs to learn the value of brevity in winners comments. Cringy with Tirico.
I started golf about 4 weeks ago! Learnt a huge amount from this guy - from what I can tell he's bringing golf out of the dark ages for the regular guy
I'm 40 years old, never voluntarily watched a second of golf on TV, haven't swung a golf club since my early 20s, and here I am, watching golf on YouTube, because of this guy.  Watching someone so skilled have so much fun doing what he loves...it's just fascinating to watch.  So pumped to see him win, and I was on the edge of my seat watching him come back from being down by two strokes after Rory's putter was on fire on the front 9.
Stud
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Let’s get real here. The game has never been less unified and is definitely not moving towards unity. Norman wants to destroy the PGA, his lifelong goal. Tiger is incapable of handling the task. Bryson 2.0 is an interesting character who has the world by the tail. He has the passion to improve his game, use the LIV for the practice (perhaps learn a cut) and the big bucks, and the chance to come out and okay the majors ( the only tournaments that count for these stars). Tiger just comes out for the majors so that he can hog the TV coverage, tell us about how he has overcome so much, and not make the cut. He gets praise for this. So Bryson can come to the majors and actually be competitive. And the USGA?  They can provide a tricked up course that gives the title to the luckiest guy. I am a 12 and would have to pick up after 9 to finish a round in the same day. When did #2 become “ the cradle of golf”?  It’s one of 400 that Ross designed. One of dozens of old courses that have great history. This whole tournament was a joke. Pay-per-view anyone?  Just leave the pea out of peacock.
2:29 Another great save 😆
Bryson won the US Open only because Rory missed two short putts.
RORY, PLEASE get rid of your 'Best Friend' caddie Harry Diamond if you wish to further build your legacy.  Otherwise, you will NEVER win another major.  You are competing against 2 men teams with your useless friend on the field.  Any caddie can do what he's been doing and you've gotten too comfortable.  You need a caddie that has the guts to stop you and say 'Wait, let's think about this club" and, most of all, KEEP YOU FOCUSED!  Also, your friend is not built for pressured situations.  You already lost the tournament on the 15th tee when you chose the 7 iron with a helping wind, which resulted in a bogie.  Any other knowledgeable caddie would've suggested the 8 iron.  The 2-1/2 foot putt that you missed on the 16th was just the final nail in the coffin.  Your 'friend' made enough money off of you already and he's set for life.  Recently, I heard a TV commentator 'carefully' saying that Harry Diamond is a type of caddie who doesn't want to take responsibilities on decisions on the field.  He was implying that you needed a new caddie.  Google 'Rory's caddie needs to go' or 'Rory needs a new caddie'  These are diehard fans of yours, like me, disappointed at you.  SO, CHECK YOUR DAMN EGO AND GET RID OF THAT PUSSY BEFORE YOU GET ANY OLDER AND BEFORE YOU LOSE MORE FANS!
Congratulations to the champion! People’s champion! #trustthedata
Sad day for the sport
People like Bryson brings more people into the sport. We need more players like him.
I watched yesterday because of his you tube channel. Boy, was that a treat of a finish. Lets go Bryson!!
Ace Bryson, looking forward to more YouTube videos man....great Character
What a story! What a guy! Thank you for growing the game
Thank you B.  You’re so fun to watch & makes golf exciting.  Loved the grit to the end.
Tiger Woods brought unreal skill to the game, but an icy aloof coldness......BD is making golf cool and an everyman's game... with amazing skill and class... go BD
He is such a fun, life loving fellow!
Love his video with Paige Spirainac
Bryson is the man. Fantastic win for him and GOLF!
After suffering thru decades of so many robot personalities and golf swings, Bryson is a revelation, like Tiger was in his day. Except Bryson doesn't seem like a total tool - seems like a guy with whom you could grab a six pack and have a laugh on the course
The definition of "living your best life". The smile says it all. This man is grateful and humble. Humility is so great to see these days. Great win Bryson. Well done. Go enjoy yourself!
Brilliant Bryson, hope all the Golf snobs realise you are the real deal now! Congrats from the UK
Bryson deserves all his success!
He has definitely become a humble man. When he stopped and signed that young mans hat then took a picture between holes says a lot of his his character. Way to go BRYSON.
Class act
Still hate those guys left for LIV. It was so much better when the big names were competing week in and week out
Never saw that coming once Rory got to 8 under.
Now let’s see if this db can pass a drug test
YouTuber Bryson Dechambeau wins the 2024 US Open
His YouTube channel made me a huge Fan.  Especially when he has Paige on his channel.
What a finish!!
Epic stuff.  One of the best major final rounds ever.  Seriously though,  shotgun start format could never match this.  LIV needs to lose it for me to watch.
All American male athlete!!
Bryson might be the best thing to happen in the LIV/PGA squabble, especially considering the playing field in the PGA this year and the other superstars in LIV underperforming in the majors.
His YouTube videos have won me over. So glad to see him to succeed. An incredible finish!
I was team Bryson and always will be. Except for The Ryder cup
Pure class ❤
Damn it, Rory. Gave it away.
Hard nosed blue collar guy!!! Gotta love this dude and how he plays the game. Salute!!!
This media crowd sound so dull and out of touch with Bryson. Almost sounds like they hold contempt for him. Harping on this narrative about him that was largely created by themselves.
Honest dignified answer to the Rory question…… A gracious winner…… What’s not to like? Congrats Bryson……
I never enjoyed golf as a sport. Came across Bryson on YouTube somehow and did all the research on why he's been torn down. I'm extremely glad to see him getting his flowers as they are well deserved.
They have GOT TO figure out a way to unify LIV and the PGA.  Bryson, Rahm, and Cam Smith are so much fun to watch.
I have brought some techniques he mentioned in his YT in my games and they worked great
Most Pros are stoic and never acknowledge the crowd … Bryson is refreshing.
top man
The single plane swing and the high risk/reward style opens the game up to more golfers, which will bring more unique personalities like Bryson. I’m a fan of his. Well done, to win on such a difficult course!
Like him or not, he is doing more for golf than everybody esle on the tour.
So what's the reason for leaving for LIV Bryson, since you are so passionate about golf? Obviously you care. But NO ONE cares about LIV!! That is not an equation anyone can figure out. Even if there are more to life than golf.
Tour
Although you are a global icon anyway, your YouTube channel with Page, Grant and others really made me know you better, well done !
Okay. This man and Scottie can make their PGA big again like jack and Arnie.    Here’s what the pga can do. Those players that bolted to LVI can buy there way back in  (the money goes to the your players- not the league). You can make the payment very reasonable. Bryson will pay. You can tell he misses the PGA. Other dudes like d. Johnson, kopkea. They probably won’t pay in. There A-holes
Most fun Pro….. in todays game
I dont usually watch press conference but when i do its BRYSON!!!
Never underestimate the heart of a champion …you da man Bryson
GOLF IS HIM 🫡
Should never been allowed to play, sold out to LIV pro golf is a joke.
Stop bringing up the “salty balls” subject!  We all know they’re “Shwetty Balls”, not salty! 😅😂😂
*KARMA is a bitch!  It was fitting that on Father's Day, Rory chokes and extends his 10-year major championship drought!  Sheer poetic justice for his low-class filing for divorce from his wife and mother of their 3-year-old child the day after Mother's Day!*
What a slap in the face to Rory getting beat by the LIV guy lol😂😂😂😂😂
Difficult I no but Rory needs to come back strong and win the open shit happens
As someone who just got into golf this year, I couldn't have picked a better time to pick it up. I found Bryson's YouTube on accident, and it's been great watching him on the platform and to go out and play well in the majors this year!
Bryson forgot to mention grant and garret for all the warm up matches with junior clubs goodwill clubs and wooden clubs to prepare him for this moment 😂
*Former pro and The Golf Channel's on-course reporter Johnson Wagner attempted Bryson's sand shot on live TV last night as dusk was setting in - WITH BRYSON STANDING THERE IN THE TRAP WATCHING AND HOLDING THE TROPHY - and Wagner hit an incredible shot, closer than Bryson's, to one foot from the hole! In the celebration, Bryson handed him the trophy! It was pure golf delight!  The PGA Tour needs DeChambeau back!*
It’s awesome how we see new YouTube people following golf and Bryson!! Hats off to the kid!!!
Bry, do you realize how many recovery shots from the gungagrass  you hit. Magnificent perseverance thru out. Wow man pulled for you on every hole.
How can you not like this guy?? His response to sympathizing with Rory was genuine and heart felt, what a good dude.
All I hear is fans fans fans. Growing the game of golf. The people around him… not me me me. What’s not to love?
The man that is absolutely uniting golf. Man of the people!!
Love Bryson. Rory, as crazy as it sounds, still has some maturing to do. He took LIV way too personal, and I can’t help but think it’s one of the reasons he choked it away, going against Bryson.
Who cares ..........go, back to LIV, his win doesn't mean anything
Bryson is an industry plant😂
Rory has his putting to blame, forget about the misses of the fairway.
BRILLIANT END TO A FAB WEEK FROM A SUPERB PLAYER.
Bryson due to his youtube feels like one of our boys, and he goes and wins the US open!!
One of the current, true pioneers of the sport. Idc if you love him or hate him… he’s good for the sport of golf.
I’m just amazed at how much this young man has improved himself as a person. Just a few years ago I said  he was a thick headed arrogant jerk. Today I declare him the future of professional golf.
i am happy , i was rooting for him. however when i saw the pinhurst commity give a plack to the course manager i almost lost it. Dechambeau Almost lost it due to bad luck on lies in The damm desert siding the alleys, and on those mickeymouse greens who favered the lucky player over the talented one. Meanwhile mc ilroy who cant put to save his life made 4 birdies he had no right to make in the last few holes and almost won. i am not saying he is a bad player yet he has not won any major in the last 10 years , and there he was 3 or 4 lucky puts and he almost won. so a pinochio to PINEHURST FOR A CRAPY COURSE TERRIBLE GREENS , AND GREEN DESIGN. AND THOSE DESERT BUNKERS ON THE SIDE OF THE FAIRWAY ONLY FAVORS THE LUCKY PLAYES WHO HAPPEN TO FIND A GOOD LIE. THE USOPEN  BETTER CHANGE IN THE FUTUR. PEOPLE WATCH IT TO SEE GOOD PLAYERS MAKING GOOD SHOTS NOT TO SEE THE COURSE PLAYING GOALY AND PREVENTING TALENTED PLAYER FROM MAKING A SHOT. WETHER ITS 6 INCH ROUGH 10 YARDS WIDE FAIRWAY, OR CRAZY GREENS WHERE ONLY LUCKY PLAYERS MAKE BIRDY. tHE BEST PLAYER IN THE WORLD HAD NOT MADE ONE BIRDY IN 3 FIRST ROUND. THATS NOT FUNNY, ITS RIDICULOUS AND ITS ON YOU USOPEN. i CANT BELIEVE THEY GAVE A PLACK TO THE COURSE MANAGEMENT, I WANTED TO PUKE.
I'm not sure what formula they use to pick the US Olympic team, but if it wasn't decided by a human to place Wyndham Clark on this year's team over Bryson, then a human should have intervened and said no way.
So happy for Bryson!!
brysons a dog and should representing the usa in the olympics and should of been on the ryder team
Honestly, I love the game and have played it for over 40 years now.  I just have absolutely no desire to play for money or fame.  Ruins the walk for me.
Bryson is the people’s champion. Love his Youtube videos. Humble and innovative.
I love this guy. Congrats Bryson
I love this guy so much. It’s because of watching Bryson that as an amateur golfer who plays a couple times a week, I went from driving the ball 200 yards last year to driving it 260-270 yards this year, with the longest this year being 292 yards. His swing is so fun and it will change your golf game. It’s inspirational. He makes the game fun for everyone. Thanks Bryson and congratulations!
His response re Rory was CLASSY!!!!!!!!!
Well deserved, really pleased for Bryson. He needed this win!
Golf's Majors finishes so Far this Year - Bryson DeChambeau:    MASTERS:  T6   -    PGA:   2      US OPEN:   1   (Three top 6; nobody else comes close)
Well done bryson u deserved u a real good man sorry to hear about your dad m8 well done champ🎉😊
Hell yeah!! Great win Bryson!!
I don’t bet but I told my buddy on Thursday Bryson is going to win the us open! He said you want to bet I will double what you bet a the rest is history!
Great champion.
What would Anthony Kim Shoot at Pinehurst?
What kind of watch is Bryson wearing at this press conference?
why are they yelling USA???? LIV Golf's Bryson DeChambeau suggests 9/11 families should forgive Saudi Arabia: 'Nobody's perfect'.
LIV Golf's Bryson DeChambeau suggests 9/11 families should forgive Saudi Arabia: 'Nobody's perfect'. FUCK THE TRAIDER
Love ya mate....so well done.
People should walk up and tap in those "tap-in" putts. Rory allowed Bryson to take control of  his mind, and it cost him the win. That kind of blunder, I expect that from young inexperienced players, not seasoned professionals like RM. I don't mind that Bryson took the win, but I am disappointed in Rory for making such a rookie mistake.
Thanks Paige for evolving his personality
What a guy! Congrats Bryson 👏
He’d be great but, he’s LIV and a Saudi hack. Morally corrupt  “me, me, me” like the rest.
Aside from when Tiger won a few years back, i dont think i have been more stoked to see someone win. So happy for Bryson!!
21:15 what could he have said??
Crazy that a year ago I would have been rooting against him but I was cheering him on like crazy. Don’t judge a book by its cover folks. He’s legit one of the coolest dudes in golf
As much excitement from the galleries as golf has seen since Tiger in 2018-19.  Just what golf needs.
Isn’t this one of the guys who went to the LIV?  And Rory stayed with the PGA?  Nothing like a little loyalty from the fans or the media!!
YOU ROCK
Gutted for Rory but so happy for this guy he went and won it. What a tournament would love to see more tougher tests like this week in week out. What a game!!!
I am very disappointed in the sportsmanship of Rory McIlroy. He should have stayed and congratulated Bryson. This would have went a long way in unifying golf.
Success always silences the critics and it's always those who have no talent that are the biggest critics. De Chambeu has been one of the most mocked and criticised golfers in modern times and he didn't deserve that. I've been a fan of De Chambeau for the past 7 years and have lost count at the amount of nasty comments I have got on social media for being so.  To those who hate De Chambeau - he actually stopped and gave an autograph to a handicapped boy during this final round. That right there shows what kind of person he is.  ANd talking about respect and criticism - I was a little disappointed that only one of these "journalists" didn't congratulate him before they asked their question. Come on guys you need to be better than that!
Definately one of the most exciting and nerve-racking tournaments we've seen in a long time. There's a lot of golf talent out there. It's a good thing. Hail to Champion Bryson.
As much as I liked the idea of Rory getting him one, this was the only person I wanted to win just as much if not more!!!! LETS GO BRYSON!!!!
Reporter asked if this will bring golf together when it was the media, PGA, other golf bodies, OWGR and Golf Channel who were the ones who could not accept CHANGE. Even now the Olympics is the same as them. Now, they won't even have America's golfer on their team because of their prejudices. Hope it bombs for NBC. Unless they get off their asses and accept the fact they they are wrong.
Congrats Bryson !!    Be humble
Screw him and all liv golfers.
Bryson, a gentleman and a scholar! Had nothing but praise for Rory, I like to see if the shoe was on the other foot what Rory, would have said. Rory, not only knocked liv golf, he knocked golfers personally! Eat your words Rory! Wasn’t even man enough to give an interview. I understand he choked but he’s a professional!
Great dude, what a stud!
With all the missed fairways I don't understand why BAD didn't bag the driver and go to a 3 wood off the tee. He probably can still outdrive anyone with one.And he should be on the Olympic Team
I watch you enough on YouTube to know a 50 yard bunker shot is your worst nightmare! Congrats dude!
1st, 2nd, and 6th in the majors and he won’t be representing USA at the Olympics. Damn shame.
Hi Mr Bryson you are in my heart and  you are the people’s champion and We need more golfers like you. The PGA Tour needs to let their players do stuff like You do on you Tube.We need to let these guys do their own things too.  Really happy for you Mr DeChambeau; I was rooting hard for you even being from the UK
Presidents Cup??????????
A win for liv
Don't get use to another golfer getting the fans so involved or as charismatic as these interviews are...I can't see Cantlay doing this...
If you are hating on this guy, chances are you hate yourself.
♥️🇬🇧
21:15 what could he have said? Help me out y’all
God, he's good to listen to. He is a huge loss to the PGA Tour. I'm sensing that he went to LIV for the money as he might have felt his best days were behind him in 2022. That's obviously not the case. Some have already said it, he might be the man to unite the tours.
Lets be honest. You tube has all allowed us to see him for who he really is. Now we know it makes you just want to back him. Hes just a geek for the game!
Mr Bryson, Respect, man. Very happy for him. And I love what he said here and how he said it.  I appreciate his perspective and how he articulates himself so well.
Rory is fast becoming a pariah. He has only himself to blame for losing this. And by not staying behind to congratulate Bryson shows himself to be a bad loser. He needs to look how bryson conducts himself and learn. He stayed behind and shook xanders hand. Class. Rory will not win another major. Ever.
Congratulations and that was great you mentioning Paine.
Superb performance, love his attacking style of play. Even though I'm from the UK, I'm so happy for him. He's had his issues over the years but following him on YouTube he comes across as such a nice guy. Well done Bryson, pure class.
This guy is an absolute legend! ❤️  A real authentic character that gives so much to golf , on and off the course!   Let’s go Bryson!!!
Congratulations Bryson. But the Track in NC was TRASH 🗑. WAY TO GO PGA.
This truly showed who Rory is. No interview after no congrats to the winner. Just carried himself very selfishly. Granted he was trying to be focused on winning but no excuse for just leaving after you lost. Bryson on the other hand hitting hands and signing hats a very unselfish athlete and human. I watched him all 4 days he was the same guy all four. He deserved this win.
Love the guy!!! I've never seen him act negative on camera in years. No club breaking,  no shirt ripping,  just a good hearted decent human being,
He's a maverick, he's unique, super talented and a great personality. This man is great for the game of golf, deserves all the credits he gets
Such an amazing performance from Bryson! I’ve never been more excited for the game of golf than when I’ve seen him play.
Not one of them mentioned his caddy… a good caddy would not have let him hit driver off the last, 3wd or iron off the tee leaves Rory with 150ish into middle of the green, or go long on the par 3, both holes should have been regulation pars. A good caddy breaks that mental cycle.. the swing thing is only relevant if it breaks down under pressure, not sure it does outside of hitting the wrong shot not necessarily a bad shot.. 🙈🙈
Rory slagged LIV, slagged Bryson and now lost to him. Couldnt be more happier for Bryson DeShamWow!! Too bad Rory, looks like your streak will continue for quite some time without another major!!!
Bryson my hero he puts so much into his game and his YouTube channel is fantastic well done Bryson Dechambeau 🏌️‍♀️👍
Haters said Liv golfers dont practise that much and care more fore money! SURE. GO BRYSON
Awesome
At much as Rory did his best to give it away with some stupid club selections and them two puts Bryson stepped up and won it with that bunker shot well done well deserved
Now go back and play for the Saudis and second rate LIV...PGA is American golf. USA USA USA !
Mcilroy what a bottler. Go live at north London.
Hahahaha, I came to the comments just to see how many LIV haters write there hilariously stupid comments🤣🤣🤣
Super Bryson 🎉gefeliciteerd met je overwinning van de US open.
This generation’s Arnold Palmer. Arnie’s Army and Bryson’s Brigade!!
Who says the best players are in LIV? All those that lost yesterday belonging to the PGA.
Bryson is literally the man! I love how open and accessible he is. He gets it. and it only makes me want success for him more and more!
What's with the media lady's voice?...a little bit of warmth wouldn't hurt...
Wait...  Did Bryson win? THATS AMAZING!!!!!!!
Bryson when you first came on the scene I did not like you as I thought you were arrogant and self centered and the comment about the masters was wrong. However I have been watching you on YouTube for over a year and have to admit I was wrong. You are a gentleman and really nice guy and taking time to sign that kids hat walking from green to tee was pure class. One of the greatest and most clutch shots I have ever seen was the bunker shot on 18, truly brilliant. I play off 12 and have no doubt that had I played that I would have smashed a clubhouse window. Congratulations young man well deserved.
Bryson you are an inspiration!! Representing a different take on golf and the grit you showed on the last round is something out of this world. Congrats man!
One thing that stood out to me was during that last round under all that pressure and personal focus he took time out walking to the next hole to sign a disabled kids hat…. Pure class man.
I literally watched every shot all 4 days of this US OPEN  @ PINEHURST #2 . And I knew from the jump . Nobody had as good of a chance to win as Bryson did . And well, I was right . This will go down as one of the more memorable US OPENS in recent history . It started out like some guys out there might take it pretty low on the scores but about half way through the day on Friday that all changed real quick .lol!!!
For me, this was the most engaging U.S. Open in recent memory. Bryson DeChambeau is now one of the greatest golfers in the game's history; no further justification for his style of play or personality is required. All journalists take note!
I can't tell you how much I enjoyed your round of golf today, although it was a bit stressful to watch; can't imagine how stressful that last hole was for you!  Thank you so much for the awesome entertainment!  Love the excitement and energy you bring to golf!
On fathers day, couldnt have scripted it any better.  Reminds me of tiger winning after earl passed.
Was an awesome event and the end had everyone on the edge of their seat.  Congrats to Bryson.  This guy is the future.
Bryson is a true American hero 🇺🇸
He is far more likeable AFTER I watched this interview today.......................
The few idiots in Crowd shouting U.S.A. when Rory missed was disgusting. Same low mentality people who are ruining kids sports. But good win Bryson, love what you do, keep it going.
Bryson enbodys the golf spirit, share unselfishly his love and skill in golf with every one, unifying the tours. Thank you for all the effort you do!
All the youtube golf has made him more relaxed and better. It is kinda like Hikaru Nakumura in chess. After he started streaming on twitch, he has never played better chess.
Lets go Bryson. Cool to watch him on YT, GM golf, and with Grant etc then see you win the US Open. 🥳
I had £10 at 22/1 for bryson to win so thank you very much bryson you played great 2day despite some of the tough shots you had to play , well done 👏
Not a single question from journalists and not a single word from BDC about the guy he spent the day with...  What a way to welcome a noob on the Tour.  You Americans can't help being xenophobic (especially with anything French) so why don't you play golf amongst yourselves ? Uphold your hatred and forbid non-american players on USPGA events.
What a champ
Mc-Choke-lroy
Liv beat the PGA Tour poster boy . 😂 😂 what a choke artist Rory is. Also kudos to Bryson but with all them missed drives in the rough he wasn’t the most consistent player of the week. Regardless go LIV!!
Cant congratulate Bryson highly enough, the up & down on the 72nd hole was best in the history of golf.  He is such an infectious likeable young man.  Well done BAD..
Well deserved Bryson. You are an absolutely joy to watch. You are one of the few signature players out there. Also on YouTube you rock.
Great guy. Happy the public realized it eventually. Cheers DeChambaeu. You remind me of my late brother and that is the highest compliment.
Rory not going to the press conference or congratulating bryson is such a loser move
Man, I love this guy. I just wish the best for him in the future and I know he’s just gonna crush it. Hope you forever. Keep playing your game brother and never change.  The peoples CHAMP!!!!!!!!!!
He will be the guy to save golf.
Breath of fresh air
Bryson will bridge the differences between LIV and PGA. They will come together because of him. He’s such a class act and a lovable dude who loves the game.
Bryson is the man!
After watching his you tube channel he is fast becoming my favourite player.
Very likable chap...
I really didnt like Bryson until I started watching him on YouTube. How wrong I was ! He’s definitely my favourite player now and so pleased for him
Randomly started watching this guy on youtube a few weeks ago, and haven't seen a golf tournament in years. When I saw that "the youtube guy" was absolutely crushing everyone I couldn't turn it off this weekend. Incredible showing.
Very strange that Bryson changed the head. Poor decision.
Great interview, it makes a refreshing change from listening to some of the grey, dull personalities we have to endure.  Bryson has really matured these last few years.
the man is the face of golf at the moment forget scottie boring bastard scheffler bryson brings everyone along for the ride with him .. well done bryson easily top 2 golfers in the world right now
I love Bryson, massive fan of his and love what hes doing for the game with his youtube channel. Lets have it right though he didn’t play well in that final round, Rory choked! Bryson missed just about every fairway, at any other course he would have shot 5 over
Y’all glazing Bryson harder than a Riley Reed compilation
Great finish BD! You are The Champion! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸❤️🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
Big loss for the PGA tour.....most players are boring compared to this guy
Class act
Gutted for Rory but you simply cannot not love this guy - an absolute mountain of a man.
I like how Rory got in his car and left again, the sore loser
Did anyone else see Bryson go out of his way with the gentleman in the wheelchair? Bryson had every right to keep his head down and stay focused when walking by but he didn't. He looked up, broke his concentration and stopped to make this guys life. He shook his hand, signed his hat, and even shook his hand again.  It was the highlight of the championship for me.
He's motivated and driven...thrives on pressure...that said Rory choked 3 bogeys in last 4 is the   reason Bryson won.
Adam Scott was and is one of my favourite golfers.  But I always thought he needed to show more emotions like he did when he won the masters.  Bryson showing emotions reacting to his shots is awesome.
That final bunker shot was the shot of the decade. A true winners shot. He was not going to be denied.
I was rooting for Rory, but I wasn’t wishing for Bryson to lose either as I follow his videos on YouTube too. I couldn’t be happier for his win. He is an awesome guy. Golf needs characters like him. The PGA has been an institution for many generations but times are changing and they need to catch up.
That was a great US OPEN, had everything, tough course, elation, heartbreak and a fantastic champion in the end.
Seems like a decent guy, but working with MAGA land AND the people who did 9/11 makes it tough to root for him.  Helluva a tourney.  Guess he now goes back to playing no-cut 3-day tournaments with no crowd where everybody gets paid millions.
One man choked, one man clutched up.  Clear winner.
I tipped Bryson decambeu to a few friends we all had money on him at 18/1 🎉🎉 hes great for the game i can see him dominating majors over the next 10 years
I'm Irish so I really feel for Rory, but Bryson is such a good dude and delighted he got it done
Man he looks tiered here, I guess this is more demanding on the body and mind as you'd expect! Congrats to Brysson, well deserved!
Rory makes those shorties and he'd be the winner.  Wow. Golfs a very unforgiving game
Congratulations Bryson! 🥇🏆🐐
Bryson is making golf fun to watch again. Awesome US Open this year! Congrats Bryson
Such a pure dude! Super authentic and real!
One of the best personalities in sport right now..just such a wholesome guy
Love the passion Bryson Congrats from UK
Bryson winning the 2024 US Open is the greatest thing to happen to YouTube golf! Mark my words
Bryson is a class act. His driving was all over the place but never once did you see any tantrums. Has it been Rahm we would have heard a plethora of foul language and disgraceful demeanour. McIlroy missed a couple of short putts but Bryson also missed a short par put on the 12th and McIlroy had a two shot lead. Worthy champion and a great . result for golf.
Rory and his putter had some irreconcilable differences down the stretch. Bryson is a great watch, glad he won it.
Wonderful stuff, congratulations Bryson!!!!!
He is definitely one of the better personalities among the Pro Golfers.  Some of those guys are clearly dead inside, have almost no emotion.  I won't name names, but they really stick out.  This is true in all sports and business, etc.  Some have spirit, some don't.
What a top man
Well done mate congratulations you beat the best player in the word fair and square what you said about your family I felt it again well done my friend  This mans a legend listen to his words . I'd say he helps others non judgemental but he let's himself down regarding family that's the key Your dad would be so proud not winning you as a person . Your brilliant  You did it again man  I'll play you not played in ages but I'd enjoy playing with you youd get the best out of me bro. I got bored and angry with golf
Well done Bryson. As a fan of both Rory and Bryson this was the best open in a long time for me. Rory's lips out were heartbreaking, but oh well.
Well done mate congratulations you beat the best player in the word fair and square what you said about your family I felt it again well done my friend  This mans a legend listen to his words . I'd say he helps others non judgemental but he let's himself down regarding family that's the key Your dad would be so proud not winning you as a person . Your brilliant  y
Awesome champion congrats Bryson ! 🏌️‍♀️⛳🏆⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Well done mate congratulations you beat the best player in the word fair and square what you said about your family I felt it again well done my friend
Legend
Bryson shall run for US President
Always rooting for Bryson
Bryson for president
That lye he had on 18 next to the root with a restricted backswing WOW
So pleased for this guy and the win. Not just because I had him at 20/1 🔥❤️
class fkn act !!!!!!!!!!!! what a gem
Hell yes!!! It was just a matter of time!! Get em BD.  He’s what golf needs cuz it’s so stale. BD making it exciting!
I'm 95% sure he would have beaten rory in a play off, but glad he didnt have to
Let's go!!!
He won it for sure ❤
What a championship. I rarely root For anyone in sports but I think I willed this win for Bryson. Aside from all the good Bryson is doing, the dad and Payne angles were so special.   Good job usga. Very little to criticize this week…except not showing Bryson (and others) second round on tv.
Come back to the pga tour please
So delighted for this man, box office bryson, his athleticism, his skill,his professionalism, he was a breath of fresh air when he arrived on the golf circuit, people were laughing at his approach to golf in terms of the science around playing, I'm so so happy he won,even as an Irishman.
Bryson DeChampbeau : *Fun to watch, *Great example, *Amazing Character, *Superior goals, *Going beyond  normal, *Imaginative & *More…………..✨
Absolutely love Bryson. What a friggin legend.
Liv tour proves itself that their players are not has been
Well done Bryson
Bryson ... this was so awesome. 🤘🏻😎🤘🏻
Very happy he paid tribute to Payne Stewart.
It was so nice to see the biggest LIV hater choke under pressure and see the one of the biggest LIV star win it all!! Congrats Bryson! And congrats to LIV Golf! The LIV golfers world ranking might be slipping but this shows that they are still one of the best in the world!
I can't believe a youtuber won a major.
Man that was one Hell of a show thank you
Class act
Dame dude, Im so happy for you Bryson.  I can imagine how it feels to win this event.  I guess it was the youtube golf did you well.  Well done mate, Job done....
Congrats Bryson. Well Done!!! Enjoy.
Love this man
Bryson is definitely the people champion.
Bet that new driver head doesn’t see the light of day again, well done you earned me a few quid.
The LIV PGA nonsense must come to an end. Bryson did well at Augusta, Almost won the PGA Champs. Now we looking forward to The Open.
Congrats champ!!!
Bryson is one of the guys who is saving golf. With his YouTube content, his energy with the crowd, the way he plays and his unique approach. Truly deserved 🙌🏻
Keep going Bryson!!!
Bryson’s paid his dues. It’s refreshing to see someone who can be free to say it like it is. The irony seeing Rory lose to Bryson.
Hands down the most entertaining golfer in the world . Delighted for him
The new face of golf
Golf is unique in that the fans at most ages still can participate in the sport, rather than reflect on high school or maybe a luck few whole played in college.  To go play the sport on father's day with my 14 year old son and track this win while playing our scramble round of -4 is something I hope my son will always remember.  I know I will.
Rory not congratulating Bryson was low… poor spot. I get it,  it suck. Nod your head, shake a hand, then go home and cry..
Interacting with the fans the way he does and even taking the time to sign the hat of the disabled kid was amazing to see, true class.
Bryson's dad was standing in that bunker with him. Thank you for making this man Jon dechambeau 🙏
This guy is weird
Bryson congratulations that was next level, you the man👊
Congratulations brotha, you’re so talented and work hard man. Well deserved, enjoy it and thanks for the entertainment
Bryson, your interaction with the challenged young man when you came off the 15(?) green was wonderful. Rory did it too. That was great.
Bryson has really done a 360 in terms of being someone I can cheer for. Years ago I wouldn’t put him on that list. He’s made the list now though. He’s authentic and is himself. I’m here for it!
Congratulations, champion!! You deserve it. It was fun to watch.
One of the best golfers in the world and his pure joy and love of the game comes through in all the crazy YouTube games he plays and the collabs has has with the likes of Garrett Clarke and GM Golf. I’m such a fan. Congrats brother 🎉
Fuck yeah Bryson 🎉
Great job Bryson! Too bad Rory slunk off to the carpark & out without congratulating his opponent. Sure he was disappointed, but that's life boyo... More to life than this game. Hope he's gone home to his wife & daughter. Even though a LIV player won, their tournaments never seem to produce this kind of exciting finish 👍
Congrats and thank you bryson
That was solid but we need to see a one on one with Wes Bryan.
Well done. Well played
Ol’ Salty Balls must have soaked himself in epsom salt last night seeing how he floated when the pressure was on. Congrats Bryson you are a great champion!
I now want a "Salty Balls" hat and Shirt
YOURE THE MAN BD, KEEP MAKING GOLF MORE FUN FOR EVERYONE
2:26 this is his best “save” of the day !!!!
I wish Rory would have won!
Now all you need to do Bryson is leave LIV and come back to the PGA and you can be the next Tiger, Arnie, Jack or Lee.
congrats bryson
The up and down was naaaaisty!!! Your playing so well and we love you! The 18th 2nd shot lie was tricky. Happy you look your time, didn't hit the root, (caught the ball clean) and took the medicine or what you had. Bunker wasn't a bad play. I didn't realize the length of the 3rd shot bunker shot buuuut!!,,    what a shot boy! "Toughest shot in golf" and it was!!! Mmmmmuah
Bravo Bryson!
What a gent!
check the lie angle on that putter usga 📐. broadcast said he takes his putter all the way to the max of 80 degrees. sure looks like it exceeds it from where i’m standing 🤷🏻‍♂️
Two years ago I thought he was an arrogant, robo golf machine only concerned about power and distance. Fast forward.  I have been watching his YouTube videos. He is connecting with fans, is funny, entertaining and humble.  His short game and scrambling saved him and I was cheering for him all weekend! Congrats Bryson and wishing you all the best.
What a good guy! Wholesome dude. Good onya mate!! from the land down under
Can we please appreciate how talented and entertaining these men are no matter where they play… all the propaganda is bullshit and as fans this was awesome to watch… let’s move on now please!!!
Yeah!!!! Bryson you did it man. You're a golfer to follow on all platforms that you engage in. I've learnt through your utube channel that you have soooooo much more to offer. You are a champion. ❤
You're the man Bryson! Fantastic win. Bunker clutch on 18 will go down in history, Congratulations champ
Been my favorite since I began golfing 3 years ago, when he drove the first green on Sunday at the Ryder cup at whistling straits
Arnold had his army. Bryson now has his. The gallery has really embraced him and it's fun to see.
His drives landed in terrible areas but he was so good on his 2nd shot regardless of the lie. He seemed confident evwry hole.
For Gods sake, Can we all just make the decision to subscribe to his Youtube after this and get him to a Million sap. The man absolutely deserves ALL of our support. What an amazing tournament!
That bunker shot was one of the best shots I have ever seen given the circumstances
Very Exciting us open , what a shot on 18 ! Wow
The maturity and openness he has, he’s calculated and thoughtful in all of these answers. Couldn’t have had a better champion this year.
Unreal amazing !
If his youtube isn't over a million after today.. i'd be shocked.
Even as popular as Tiger was/is, he was still pretty stoic throughout his golfing career. Bryson seems to think of himself as an entertainer which allows him to interact w the fans more which is what golf needs more of! Just look how popular the waste management does for the tour.
If you haven’t yet seen it you’ve got to watch the vid of Bryson and Johnson Wagner (Golf Channel) recreating the bunker shot on 18.
Ordering one length clubs as I watch this. Let’s go Bryson!
Your dad would be proud Bryson.
Brian Chambers did well.  Congrats
Go liv go liv go they can’t say pga players are the best now 😊😊
Made my Father’s Day complete! I was screaming like crazy! Way to go Bryson!! Looking forward to your next YT vid! He has made this 52 year old man fall in love with golf again.
My dude!!!
and best of all he beat the hater cry baby Rory lol
Rory, what happened? Beaten by another LIV Player in a major Again! Well done Bryson a true champion.
He is on of the most honest and real person in the golfing world! Love his game and love his personality. He has a lot of goo friends because of himself, being honest to yourself. Like the legendary Bruce Lee said: everyone needs to be honest to oneself, not to lie but truly express yourself! Everyone must treat all people like to yourself and being treated equally.
23:37 Classy comment about Rory.
Very happy for Bryson.  Paige Spiranic had him on her YouTube channel and introduced me to his.  I've been enjoying his content ever since.  What a great entertainer.  Thanks for growing the game Bryson.  Keep up the great work!
I just wanna say despite everything on the line for Bryson and having his back to the wall towards the end. This man is absolute world class for taking the time to sign that gentleman’s hat in the wheelchair and actually give him a moment he will remember for the rest of his life.
The PGA Tour has got to be shitting themselves over him not playing on that tour any more. The most exciting man in golf, hands down. He alone will bring eyes to LIV, and his popularity will make the two entities come together sooner than later. Although LIV's position has definitely gotten stronger.
I had a great feeling this was his open he was driving like a mad man and laying up like a champion!!!!
It sucks that green fees are well over $50.00 nowadays 😓
Imagine Bryson shows up to The Open later this season with a junior set and wins by 5 strokes
wow, hope he gives glory to Jesus Christ
I used to root for Rory and despise Bryson, now it’s reversed.
Bryson didnt win..... rory chocked...
LFG Bryson and LIV!
Bryson is one of the few guys in sports that’s revolutionary. One of the only guys in the modern era of sports to be revolutionary, not a stacked career yet but the impact he’s going to have on the young generation will be massive. Love to witness it
I don’t care about Rory not speaking to the media, but the fact that he didn’t go congratulate Bryson and shake his hand is completely inexcusable. When he looks back on it, it will go down as one of Rory’s real regrets.
Soooo proud of you Bryson.  It’s like all of us who support you on YouTube won today  👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Rory McIlroy’s biggest bogey of the day was when he decided not to congratulate Bryson. Rory could’ve learned a lesson from how Bryson went straight to give Schauffele a genuine congratulations after suffering a tough defeat at Valhalla. Completely inexcusable by Rory.
Only reason I watch golf! Him and the DJ of the past are so much fun to watch!
Because of Bryson watching a post golf tournament press conference on YouTube! Glad he won!
did anybody ask if Rory congrats him before rushing away ?
A great champion and ambassador for golf!
He is what modern golf pro should be, competitive professional tours and mixing social media to get more people interested.  His youtube collaborations with various people is what got me interested in watching golf and following Bryson.
What a great major with a great ending that bunker shot was so perfect nobody else wouldve done that. Also the greatest major of the 2020's, maybe the last decade, was won by a liv golfer lol
My favourite youtube golfer wins a major! What a day!
Weird Science meets Arnold.  I love it.
Fun golfer to watch! What a great tournament of par saves and amazing drives.
Us YouTube watchers of Bryson that got the Jr. club comment and laughing our buts off, while those non-watchers have no idea lol
Liv 4 life
Who’s the clown  reporter that asked about the money clip. 🖕🏽
The people's champ.. Now unify golf
Well done Bryson !!! All the best to you and the rest of your life!
What a CHAMP 🎉🎉🎉
Youtube videos and playing rounds with youtube golfers allowed us fans to see the true personality of Bryson. Cannot wait to him produce more youtube content and also keep on winning majors!
PGA is still paying off the police, the judge and DA for Schefler's felony. America's Golfer is saving golf single handedly. LIV or fafe away.
The PGA is like the politicians who 'engineered' the Vietnam War. Thanks for nothing Jay Monahan.
Bryson is great for the game of golf
Bryson is a man of the people and a true champion.
Really happy for him. Disgraceful wasn't a captains pick.
Normal guy!  Mad respect
If the CEO of Golf Channel does not start covering LIV and correct course after today they will be left in the dust. America's golfer will be playing this weekend and the fans rightfully deserve highlights and respectful coverage. NBC has to adapt or fade away. Golf is passing them by and they are still stuck in the 90s and playing geo politics. It is so obvious now.
Enjoy the spoils, Bryson. You're breathing rare air along with only Jones, Nicklaus, and Woods.  Well done, sir. Well done. History made, and like one the questions asked this will be a day long remembered.
He is the new chaperone ambassador of golf Payne would be proud good man
Absolutely nobody could have predicted what we witnessed on the back nine ❤😂😊
Best golf press conference I've seen. Bryson is very real and he's a great guy who's great for the game.
The man is an awesome human being with great talent. Haters gonna hate. Screw em
The women introducing Bryson was thrilling.
Chúc mừng Bryson, thực sự chưng tôi mong chờ sự kiện nảy đã lâu.❤
Rory showed no class by not congratulating Bryson. Nor staying for interviews. He pouted like a spoiled baby, cried and went home.
Cant believe i use to hate on this guy hes such a awesome golfer and role model
Wished rory and bryson played next to each other during the finals! Great performances for the players.
No one going to talk about how a LIV golfer just beat all these PGA players that consistently make fun of his league… 😂😂 congrats Bryson you deserve all the glory rn and make sure you let them know they got beat on the hardest course by a YouTube/LIV golfer  @brysondechambeau
Bryson is the best no one more deserving watch his YouTube channel he’s the coolest most down to earth dude couldn’t be happier for you @brysondechambeau
Liv it up ⛳
I respect and give kudo's to Bryson's win today and his playing this year- Today he earned it and with the course -he showed it throughout the tournament.   However his cocky attitude towards Brooks Kepka in 2021 and his bs antics back then still make me  want to dispise him. Golf is a gentlemans game- especially at that level and what he showed then was  poor and disrespectful and I hope he has matured.
I became a huge fan seeing his YouTube channel. He seems about as real as you can get. He’s the people’s golf pro. Reminds me a little of Happy Gilmore the way he engages the crowd. So glad he pulled it off today! The nerves must have been intense I believe they got to Rory.
bro started licking his lips when the journalist mentioned chocolate milk.
I have to agree with him !! I think he is completely sincere as they all are most likely ! I admire his scientific approach to his game. So having said that.. Let's all welcome all the leagues and all the golf being played around the world ! Discover courses out there ! Go get them !!!  A golf player competes against the course... that's why you are able to go and play alone and it is still so competitive !!!! This guy has made changes in the way we even cut the shafts... I mean... that's amazing !!! Kudos for all of you that ... "play golf and keep it going !!!"...
Need another YT video with Paige
Congratulations Bryson!! One of my favorite golfers next to Sergio. Thanks for winning me some 💰
There's never been a guy like Bryson in golf. Incredible role model
Congratulations Bryson , very deserved win , many more championships to come , love your YT channel .
HAPPY FATHERS DAY😅 ALL THINGS WORK TOGETHER FOR GOOD😊I BET YOUR DAD WAS WITH YOU TODAY CONGRATS DUDE😊🎡
Buy stock in Bryson. He's on the rise.
He's worked so hard these last years, on and off the course.  Great job Bryson
Good win Bryson!!!! Hate that you came in second last time but you got it done this time!!!! Let’s go!!!!
Gotta be real here.  I wasn’t a fan of this guy for a long time.  I was wrong.  Growing the game on YouTube, genuine fan interactions, seriously impressive play.  Guys special.
The People's Champ! Love it Big Dawg
Let's go Bryson🎉
😅I LOVE YOUR HAT DUDE. THE CHAMBEAU TOO ROLLER COASTER DAY YEAH😅ALL THINGS WORK TOGETHER FOR GOOD KEEP ON ROCKING THE GOLF DUDE😅💯✔😃😄😀😁😅⛳🏆🎯🎲🎱🏁🎮🎳🎣🏊🏄🎿🏂🚵🚴🎾🏀⚽⚾🏈LIVE YOUR LIFE WITH NO NECROMANCY AND YOU ARE COOL😅 NECROMANCERS ARE PUTZ😂🎉
Bryson was going to get up and down from that bunker on 18 even with a junior set! lol
Bryson is such a great human being and such a wonderful relief to golf, thank god he’s on  LIV
So glad he won.  I wish he could have his own guy out filming for an exclusive YouTube post.  Maybe one day they can establish a timeline prior to posting the content but at least capture the moments. Those are worth a few million views.  Hats off and congrats.  Funny how this is a YouTube post but he can't post his own.  🎉🎉🎉
I like Bryson, but we played a 4 hole dipper do, recently, and he let 2 turtles slide  and I got 4 boats on the mountain.  He let fat momma in the room  and he never paid me !
Fantastic byrson great fighting round now for another major mate
Well done Bryson. From watching your videos I knew you would do it.
Congrats!
You won me some good money today at 20/1 😂 let’s go Bryson
Isnt that the rolex he won from the last Open he won? If so, thats a cool memento.
Well played Bryson.
The most exciting player in professional golf and nobody else is a close second
Question: how much has all the challenges you’ve played on YouTube on the last few months played a factor in your ball striking and creativity !!!!   Why no one asked this is beyond me!!!!
Congrats Bryson 👏 fantastic win! 🏆 loving your collaborations with all the YouTube guys as well!!! from Australia  mate 👍
Rory had to beat Bryson. He has done so much talking  he had to beat him.
Fantastic!! Congrats BD!!
Love some Bryson! He has resparked my love for golf and getting better at it so I can maybe compete some. My brother I’ve never met
Bryson have matured over the years. Happy and a good win for him.😊😊
Went to the open Thursday had a blast and followed bryson. Such a nice guy and deserves every bit of that win. Nice to everyone, he has won a fan for sure.
Could not have ended any better. A US Open to remember.
Someone explain the "Money clip" "you can imagine what I was gonna say"?
I feel like this is just the beginning of a legendary run of golf from Bryson. He's going to go down as an all time great.
Without a doubt he would be in the pga if he could’ve done what he’s done in Liv with YouTube.
The difference between Bryson and Roy Bryson shook hands with Schauffele
God bless brother.Well done stay humble and win more.So happy for u.U are a awsome blessed golf player.....
A moment that showed his genuine respect for golf and his fellow opponent was on 18 when he communicated to the fans to calm down when Pavon didn’t putt out after his first putt.  Some people, including myself, thought Pavon should putt out to give the stage to Bryson but he literally said “it’s okay” to the crowd and let the proper golf etiquette apply, even with what was on the line at that moment.  That truly shows he wasn’t selfishly thinking of himself and had the mindset to do the right thing for his opponent and for the integrity of the game.  It’s a moment that I hope gets mentioned more in light of the many entitled professional athletes out there.
Growing the game = more douches taking 6hrs to ride a cart for 18 holes.
But not good enough to represent the USA in the Olympics … nice system 🤮
The only heartbreak is that we don’t get to see you every week battling it out with the best. Golf needs a unification!
No chance for Ryder Cup is a shame. No chance for Olympics is a crime! Congratulations Bryson!!
Such a great dude. Happy for him!
Bryson is a bit of an All American boy. Delighted for him although as an Irishman I wanted Rory to do it.
Bryson is the reason i went to my fiirst ever golf tournament this week, let alone a Major.He is Special and a great ambassador for the sport.  Turning his weaknesses to his strenghts.. Power to him.
What a legend.
7:21 what a ridiculous question. Literally nobody is saying that. This reporter trying to create drama. Idk who it is but they should be banned
Way to Go Bryson! Congratulations on the Win
I really think he misses the tour
Easily the best guy in professional golf. Well deserved win
Bryson bringing up the YouTube aspect and growing the game for the good is exactly what we need for golf right now. He’s so genuine and his morality is a fresh take and a start to the future of golf. Congrats dude!!
Im so bummed at how Rory lost this one, but with that save on 18, Bryson earned it at the same time. Too bad because a playoff would’ve been amazing to watch. Congrats Bryson, even as a Rory fan youve become one of my favorites
Pros know how difficult a 55 yard bunker shot is on a green does not hold. It was phenomenal!  Couldn't happen to a better person.  Rory gave it his all, but the Gods were not in alignment. I feel for him since this one will really sting bad. Sounds both need a long vacation away from all this synergy.  Bryson reminds me of Arnie's army and the charisma. I don't remember Tiger getting all that engaged with his fans. Tiger is the GOAT in modern times,but sometimes aloof. Bryson signing the hat of the disabled person in the wheelchair and does a hand clasp in the middle of the last few holes shows what a class act he is. Tiger should learn from this. You can bet NBC Golf channel wishes the merger would be over and see more of Bryson for ratings. The PGA knows the gate is exponentially connected if Bryson is in the top 5 the last 2 days.  Can you imagine how sponsors want to get at LIV golf because of Bryson and pleading with Jay to get it done?
You are our champion!  Thanks for making golf fun again.  You are an inspiration to all.
Brutal shots at Rory there lmao
So if Bryson is a member of the washed up clown tour what does that make everyone else?  Great win
Bryson is the new gen Tiger...  It went Sneed... Mickelson... Daly... Tiger... and now we have Bryson...  Damn good to have you
the cope of the british reporter, rory is 10years dry, bryson is not 10 years dry, i wish british reporters would just stay in Englandstan and eat that crap curry
Bryson is a good fighter😊
The U.S. Open Champion sits here talking about YouTube golf and its culture. It’s gonna be a wild summer!
He is the goat 🎉
A playoff with Rory would have been pretty surreal. Gotta feel for Rory missing TWO putts down the stretch he’d probably consider a gimme.  Bryson earned this one.
Guy hits junior clubs, wooden clubs, 3 club challenges..  wins majors. Crazy stuff.
This will go down as one of the most exciting majors. Bryson is a man of the ppl
BRYSON BRYSON BRYSON
lets go byrson, you had me worried there
Couldn't happen to a nicer guy the way he treats people on the youtube golf community makes him my favorite pro he works hard at all aspects of the game. The mental toughness of a champion. He works hard on his golf content to attract more people to the game and bring their golf to the next level. He helps a lot of people with his content. He is a pro playing with the heart and soul of an amateur.  For the love of the game.
I stopped watching/caring about pro golf in '13, then Bryson showed up on my radar a couple years ago.. been watching and rooting my ace off for this dude since! He's a great dude & has that aura about him that all the greats have💪😎👍  LET'S FREEKIN GOOO BRYSON!!!
When Bryson came on the tour, a lot of people criticized his approach to the game. He has put in a lot of work changing his body to increase swing speed. People who hold physics degrees have  high  IQs and understand variables and  probability. He drives the ball as far as possible and doesn't care if it ends up in the rough (on most courses) because he knows the closer you are to the green the higher probability it leads to a birdie
I liked Bryson before it was cool
Congrats Bryson!!!
Great win, Bryson! Loved every minute of it!
Shotout to his editor shaylor!
What a finish! From not missing a putt both Rory and Bryson decided to spice it up on the last holes.
Congrats to you Bryson
Fan interaction won him the hearts of golf fans, much like Tiger did. Our Champion.
Hell yeah, so happy an American won the U.S. Open. Especially Bryson, he’s one the absolute best in the game right now and awesome to watch play golf on tour and YouTube
Bryson is the people’s champion. Love his Youtube videos. Humble and innovative.
Well done BD!!! Much deserved and wrapped to see you win. The BEST golfer in the World by way of skill, marketing the game, how you present yourself, and insight into the game. Keep it going!!
Rory is a legend but Bryson showed another level of grittiness. Unreal tournament. Majors have been great this year
Even as a life-long Cleeks fan I must congratulate Crushers captain Decahbeau.
Him saying the Rory chants were fun with a huge smile on his face is absolutely awesome 😂😂! Hell of a win!
Bryson haters coping hard on golfwrx while they leak ounces of estrogen.
Bryson made good saves throughout. Rory couldn't make any.  Always said-8 was the winning number. Rory lost it and gave it away.
My favorite golfer right now
Congratz Bryson👍👍👍👍
Congratulations Bryson. I was cheering for you to win the US Open. Wow, so happy. I'd been following you on YouTube having fun and making Golf more fun. Enjoy your winning. All the best from New Zealand 🙏🙏🎉🎉
Best major since mickelson vs stenson, absolute entertainment, youtuber wins the US OPEN ❤😂😅
By far the best Tournament since Masters 2019. Bryson is bringing everybody together. Hes truly growing the game of golf.  Hes charismatic, good to the people, good to the fans, and is great to watch him playing. Keep going!!! He's one of the best in the world.
Golf has a new Tiger.  Gotta love this Byrson guy.
Can’t wait for the  Nate edwardson vid 😂😂😂😂
11:25 Can't believe you didn't give me a shoutout Bryson. After all we've been through together man :(
Well done Bryson on your 2nd US open .
PGA just needs to swallow their pride and merge with LIV. For the betterment of the game.
THE PEOPLES CHAMP
Sad the us open winner isnt allowed to play in pga tour events except majors.
Rory choked
This one felt special, thanks for making it feel like we should been there g! Payne would be extremely proud
I am so happy for this man. Been a fan since the beginning.
Congrats bryson and thanks for winning us both some money
Class interview
Because of YouTube I love this dude
Nice work!!!!💪🏻💪🏻
What was the joke about the money clip?
great win. I think Rory Played better all week, but this guy had the mojo and putted and chipped out of his mind. Now, he can go back to obscurity playing the tour that no one cares about.... other than the British Open.
this is the most i’ve been involved in a match since Bryson’s last close call. congrats Bryson! i’ve never fist pumped for a PGA win until today
Grant Horvat and other YouTubers helped Bryson too. Last bunker shot..what would Grant do?
DCB! DCB! Let's go!!!!
Tiger wants the game divided...he wants to take over PGAT personally..
Yup Bryson is the main man!
Good people= good Karma!!!  Well deserved!
well deserved BD! iron play was phenomenal
Making golf exciting again.   Congratulations Bryson!
Really glad Bryson got this one. I feel like he’s come such a long way as a golfer and a person.
Current LIV players have won 4 of the last 7 majors - and have finished 2nd at a few others. Hope world rankings are upgraded to just rate all top world golfers (from any tour) on how they play 18 hole rounds. TV announcers and fellow players were much more sportsmanlike this year perhaps with the new PGA & LIV agreement in progress. 😀
Arguably the 2nd best golfer at this time, and he won’t be able to play in the Olympics. American golf mafia is a joke.
way to go CHAMP....JUST WORK ON YOUR DRIVER AND GET THE DAMN BALL IN THE FAIRWAY !
come on Rory.. you choked central.. but you should ALWAYS stay, congratulate the winner and take your interview come on man.. you're a professional and one of the best to ever do it, act like it
a class act! i love this guy ☄
Let’s go Bryson!
i thought for sure he was going to choke that last hole lol. Well done. Rory choked it and they both should have played more conservative that last hole. Confusing why rory went so long there.
Congratulations Bryson,  it was incredible to watch
I wonder what happened to the winning ball he threw. He didn't seem happy with the throw lol
Well done Bryson! I was cheering for ya, I'm glad you pulled it off
What a way to end it. Cinematic. Love to see such a gracious and determined winner.
After watching him on YouTube he really is one of most likeable guys. Well done Bryson.
Bryson is single handedly saving and unifying professional golf.  He's the damn man.
So happy for Bryson. He’s gotten so much hate over the past few years and it’s just sad to see. But after the last few majors people are starting to love him again. Been following his YouTube for a while. Such a good dude. And insanely smart and talented when it comes to golf
What’s the wristwatch he’s toting?
Well deserved 💪🏼
Brooks Koepka where u at?
Couldn’t be happier with the result!!! Congrats BD.
Bryson, people's champion.  All those challanges on You Tube are paying of.       2024 U.S. Open Champion. Yes, Yes, Yes.  Sydney AUST.
Ping should make him a Glide 4.0 gold wedge for the Vault!
delete
Congrats Bryson 🔥 Well deserved win
US Open and clutch bunker shots to win are definitely correlated 😂
What a clutch bunker shot!! You’re the man Bryson, so happy for you!! 🏆
One of the best golfers in the world, and a guy who treats everyone well. A 2 time US Open champion who mixes it up with the YouTube golf scene and has fun and lets people in. We need more golfers like Bryson. The PGA Tour needs to let their players do stuff like YouTube. Full Swing has been nice; let these guys do their own things too.  Really happy for Bryson; I was rooting hard for him
So glad to see Bryson take it home. That bunker shot was amazing. He’s been in all the majors this year and it’s well deserved. I hope Rory is ok. Those missed putts I know will sting for a long time.
Top 2 player in the world right now. The liv haters are in a bad place after this one😂
Way to keep his composure all week! Bryson is back and better than ever.
So happy for this guy didnt like him at all for years. Now he is one of my favorite athletes. Huge goober but he might be the best golfer for golf. Congratulations Bryson!
What a fun tournament to watch !
The announcer at the beginning sure did sound enthusiastic 😂😂 not
Is that one of the best par saves ever? That had Phil at Winged Foot written all over it. Drive way left, funky lie, goes from crap to bunker, and then hits an outstanding 55 yard bunker shot. Unreal
Way to go Bryson! SMU legacy at Pinehurst, go Ponies!
huge congrats BAD!! What an incredible up and down on the last hole. And to keep grinding even when you went 2 down with 3 to play - your patience and grit secured that win!!
Congrats Bryson
