🌍 Get an exclusive 15% discount on Saily data plans! Use code veritasium at checkout. Download Saily app or go to https://saily.com/veritasium
I work in construction engineering. The way I would blow my head smooth off from the stress at the end of this debacle as the hurricane approaches would be impressive.
"imagine a chair thats a table"
Why didnt you give him a nickname or something.. I was thinking what Measure they are talking about..? How you weld whole night and employees dont feel the smell in the morning??
67 years...
The church knew that free property taxes would not be as lucrative if elsewhere.
18:53 67
18:54 SIX SEVEN
26:32 Who did they call to STALL hurricane Ella for 24HRS then veer her off course while SIMULTANEOUSLY INTENSIFYING her wind speed 🇺🇸 🪖🥷📡 🌬️🌪️  Relax it's a joke😂 we all know, no such technology or easily accessible patents exist not even HAARP could harness the frequencies & technology needed to modify and manipulate the weather😅
so he designed the building strong enough to not have a problem, the builders cut cost without consulting someone who made the design. tracks
It seems American construction is afraid of welding, and will go to any measure to use bolts instead...
The part that truly disturbs me is that after they identify the risk of the design, they let everyone who works in the building keep coming back every day after apply one band-aid welding job per night.  Like, I would've happily quit my job if I knew that there was a 1/16 chance that my building would collapse.   They could've faked a gas leak or something, transferred everyone out, and done all the welding in 2 weeks.
What are you talking about? Less weight is an advantage for structural nehavior. Misleading,Nonsense.
Henry van Dyck sounds Dutch, is that true?
pls never go to 18:53
18:55, 67
This sounds like a massive mistake on the builders, not him. Because he instructed them to weld the beams together, not bolt them. Personally, if I was the one who came up with that design and they didn't follow my instructions, I would be FURIOUS!!
Very intriguing info in structural engineering.
8;50
And here I thought the mistakes I make in my job were bad.
Awesome documentary
Someone is lying last time I saw this it was a woman that caught it!!!
Wouldn’t it just fall straight down collapsing on itself like the World Trade Center did?
An idiot can see that design isn’t stable; get some Lego blocks.
From the moment LeMessurier found out, until the repairs were completed, the building should have been closed. By not doing that, he willingly endangered the lives of thousands of people. The man should have gone to jail, and not for the miscalculation, but for the coverup.
Dude should never be allowed to build again 😂 bad building, uglier then previous one didnt oversee how the bolts were put in and not welds and could of killed thousands of innocents. CRAZY
Why we let churches to disrupt everything and don't paid taxes as if they are something more than a business.
18:52 67
Isn’t this what Japan has been doing to deal with earthquakes in there construction
The hidden weight of structural design!  I couldn't do it, I'm always concerned when a family member goes near a shelf that I've put up.
Man what a tragedy to turn that old gothic church into a modern art masterpiece...
I hope your adding 15 commercials to your video works out for you. Last video of yours that I'll watch. Too bad.
There is no reason for the company or anyone else to be ashamed. For humans to innovate and reach new heights or make new designs, risks are taken and mistakes have to be made in order to learn. Everyone involved in anything to do with science should understand that. The whole idea in society that we should all be able to be perfect all the time is insane. It’s not possible in any way.
he is a villian. Now we have to be thankful a guy messed up badly but happens to tell it? I mean, that is the least he could do, and without the news article 20 years later quartering winds would not be calculated. They were still trying to sweep it under the rug.
I will NEVER live anywhere where I'm told it's ok if the building sways in the wind and has  400 ton cement block over my head.😂😢
I love that little elephant pin that Structural Engineering Prof is wearing. The whole video is nice but that little pin just delighted me person 🐘
Imagine demolishing an "old crumblimg gothic church" to build this monstrosity when you could've preserved a part of NY history...
The new church looks more like some kind of high security public restroom... Sad
Computing power demand is growing rapidly, but traditional computer rooms are slow to build. Broadwatt's vertical solution has an excellent response speed.
They tore down that beautiful church and rebuilt... That?
This is why you FOLLOW SPECIFICATION!
a
At min 5:34 the diagram is flipped. The diagonal member close to the wind load direction is in compression while the mirrored member (other half of the chevron) is in tension.
Fortunately technology has improved and human error is reduced by BIM building information modelling & structural 3D modelling
They cybertrucked the church ☹️
TBF his engineering was good, it was choice to forego the original welds that was an issue.
I don’t think it’s an exaggeration to say that replacing that beautiful, traditional cultural symbol of faith and the sacred with a modernist block that blends in with the Godless, secular world around it, is outright evil. That’s disgusting.
The design would work if the base was wide and not stilts it could be narrow in the middle, but as it reached the bottom, it would have to spread out like those barber chairs
Superb! Critique: wind speeds should be given in mph (even if engineers use km/h). So most viewers will “get it”. Disaster would have come from winds of 65 mph.
So they kept it secret for 20 years instead of sharing it, and the whole world could’ve learned from it… great.
That's the ugliest church I've ever seen. RIP that beautiful old cathedral
seems like Divine retribution if you ask me for the destruction of the Gothic Church and it`s hideous replacement.
would be interesting to see how a massive storm can take a 90 degree turn. its a free floating mass after its detached from its real "fixed" low pressure. and it operates as a free mass. You need to basically use the same amount of newton to change its direction with 90 degrees as it carries. Try calculating how many tons of water and gas it carries. I might be wrong and you can possbily take advatage of its gyroscopic motion and put a tiny pressure at it somewhere and make it change direction, but then why is this not done in big storms?
So again Canada helps their neighbors and never gets any recognition lol.
can not be 100% sure of failure.
Fantastic video. Kudos to the engineer to admit such a screwup.
18:53 67 :)
Was the student ever recognized? I really want to appreciate their insightfulness.👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
67 years🫩✌️
i dont care enough to watch just tell me the students question, commenters hit me up
nice
After a little thought, I realized the solution to move the stilts to the middle of each face, was actually simplifying the problem for the engineers, not complicating it for the sake or aesthetics: this way the structure is symmetrical, the loads and solutions can be evaluated much more simply than in an asymmetric situation. Yours truely, an architect from Eastern Europe 😁
So don't moonpools on top of skyscrapers work as untuned dampers....
I hate how the intro calls it Lemeasure 'discovering' a flaw as if a college student (namely their professor) ;isn't the one who is 90% responsible for the discovery.  There's other videos on this topic that are better written and more succinct in my opinion.
18:56 6……….7😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Engineer? How old is he? 20? With how much experience?? Come on guys... this has to be a joke... This curly guys looks like he works on the counter at Starbucks.
Yeah but technically he was never wrong, if someone didn’t decide to cut corners it wouldn’t have been an issue 😂
Imagine working in or around a building that's potentially going to collapse and nobody says anything.
All this because of a stupid church and radically religious pastor.
Amazing
As a YouTube "presenter", this channel gets my highest praise. I wish I were of more relevance and/or could give the video a thousand upvotes! When engineers try to explain things, they so frequently rely on specific terms that were actually invented for their use. In other words, "Each engineering term reduces an entire month of complicated experiences and sights that ONLY THOSE TRAINED in engineering would understand." (my quote, btw) What that causes is total confusion when engineers -- especially very tired -- don't have the energy to actually explain a concept so they rely on terms no one understands. Whoever did this video never forgot that the AUDIENCE is NOT ENGINEERS. Fabulous, stupendous, excellent, off-the-charts, KUDOS!, keep up the great work, may there be many, many more like this and more presenters like you!!!
Nothing inspires innovation like necessity.
however we dont have any proper design details who knows it was not a mistake at all  and just for money they repaired again just a wild guess may be i was wrong  but i dont have all the structural details :)
Ten block radius. Got it.
I feel that project serene seems a little risky. So they let people work in a building at relatively high chance at collapsing so 'No one panics', great.
My name is Laswim, and I can't swim for anything.
Người ta nói sai lầm và dám đối diện mới là mẹ của thành công mà 😂
ah yes, replace an old crumbling absolutely stunning and unique church with a cardboard box, seems legit
Wasn't there a an episode in Numb3rs with a Damper like this?
Classic America. It's just an old building, tear it down and build a new one. The old building: a small Gothic cathedral 🤦🏻‍♂️  Mind you, I hate Abrahamic cults, they are the cause of all the evil and war in the world, but I love history and architecture. That move was extremely ignorant.
67
The bums across the street could look at it and know it was not safe. You don't need an architectural degree or an engineering degree to understand this was designed by an absolute window licker.
what great tragedy, that church building is ugly as sin
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
18:52 he said the thing!!!!
From what I understand it wasn’t the guys fault at all, it was the people who decided to use bolts instead of listening to the designer
This just goes to show how incredibly precise engineers can be with their designs and how catastrophic some idiot's corner cuts can make it potentially be.
Great video, awesome story and people involved. Thank you very much!
Wow. What a great video. Thank you so much❤
pls somehow consider to not use that many real phone ringtones.
18:53 every how many years?
Imagine losing sleep over this, even thinking about suicide, ...only getting the storm switch direction to canada in last minute 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yo I’m not an engineer but I’ve like  Made pillow forts and popsicle stick bridges and even I can tell you that building looked f’d
Udah deg2an panik ga taunya belok... bangsat 😂😂😂😂
Building collapse, not great not terrible
18:52
Sad that they destroyed the church and replaced it with a ugly glass box. It doesn't even look like they tried using stained glass methods to make it more aesthetically pleasing and identifiable.
sybau if you went into the comments after hearing "67 Years"
The stress must have been crushing when he realized the mistake and the relief must have been euphoric when the repairs were completed.
putting the lower part on STILTS is unwise , never want to be inside or under it
a
They destroyed the old church? Why? This is not a Catholic church, is it?
The best scientific documentary I have seen in 10 years. Thanks Veritasium.
ขอบคุณ
7:31 432 park ave jumpscare
It wasn’t even his mistake, obviously they went behind his back to make it cheaper
Guys im sry But am I the only one who cant escape 67 18:55 I really hate 67
First of all no building could “push over” another building. It’s not dominoes guys… lol
18:54 every how many years?
During this video, I immediately got onto Spider-Man for PS4 and found this building in game
Biggest shame was getting rid of that gothic church
all this..cause a church didn't wanna move.  smh
So who called him? If it was the female, it was her paper and studies. How or why would it have been the other dude?
Not sure how I stumbled on this. THIS story is amazing.
0:36 oppenheimer moment
8:38 Right. Magic. Got it.
He did remarkably well but I think the chairman did more by not suing him.
All could have been avoided if they would have welded them in the first place
Animated LeMessiuer looks like Colin Farrell from Horrible Bosses.
I work in AEC. Sometimes it's extremely important that the building costs what it does because it is a long term cost savings for the client and a safety concern for the occupants. Contractors love to save the client money, because they always skim a little off the top of that savings for their own pockets. This absolutely should have been caught by the firm and the welding substitution should have been denied. But all's well that ends well, I suppose.
18:50 6-7 that's were that came from!
Why couldnt they just hire more welders and a bigger team to complete the work faster instead of doing all the disaster planning and increasing the risk? Only ethical reason would be lack of skilled labour, but surely they  could have done it faster and in time.
I can't watch any more. They demolished a beautiful church and everything that was built is boring flashy sterile Modernism. Yuk!
Why am I not surprised that dummies thought putting a building on toothpicks was ok.
Honestly? The fact that the design was changed without telling or talking to him about it first to make new calculations is what puts me 1000% in the boat that it wasnt his fault to begin with.  If they didnt change the design, this would never have happened.
This is nuts
every 67 years.............
all of this because the church wouldnt move
1:42 the fact they replaced that "old crumbling gothic church" with that bland slab of concrete pissed me off enough to stop watching the video right here.
Twin towers didn’t topple. !!!!
What they did to that poor church. Yikes.
I like how it's HIS building until THEY screwed it up.
18:54 67
Going back to work hungry because I used all 30 minutes of my lunch break watching this, don’t ask me why.
It doesn't matter if several buildings collapse and kill thousands of people. The citizens would just hire them to do it again except on a much larger scale next time. That was just proven.
I miss the Engineering industry…
Dollars to donuts there is no “student.” He just realized what happened and offered that as the fig leaf.
Why the heck didn't they look at the quartering winds initially????
If only Stockton Rush had taken an engineering ethics course
7:56 "never before in a building"? What about pagoda?
this whole thing makes me nervous
Really interesting. The host is great.
Someone should write a movie script
They destroyed a beautiful church and replaced it with something even Jesus wouldn't pray in.
Ridiculous, architects get too attached to their unconventional ego-driven designs. From the very beginning it was an ugly Citi building, and the church is a monstrosity. Sorry. The tragedy was in not starting over, once the load problems via wind induced stress were recognized. The necessity for installing the big piece of cheese damper should have clued in everyone concerned. At the very least the building did not have to be so high. No matter the penchant for 'rule-braking', placing structural engineering principles in service of the building design's value, load barring columns at the corners is just common sense for skyscraper design. I can't believe how this building design got past an engineer. There are several buildings in Manhattan, NYC with similar problems. Mr. Le Messurier's response is commendable, almost heroic, however, a bad felling exists because the crisis was preventable at the outset of the campaign to build something exciting. This case, on principle, ought to be included in an engineer's and architect's educational curriculum.
Another reason why religion is a waste of time, money and intelligence.
This brings up an interesting problem: how do you demo a skyscraper surrounded by skyscrapers?
18:53 sixty seven you say?
Nice viewing experience, commercial every 4 minutes 😂
If I were him there would be hell to pay for the people who decided to swap the welds with bolts for sure.
Lesson to be taken from this story: don't cut corners, in every sense.
The case from the 70s that blew me away at the time was when all windows starting popping-out and crashing to the sidewalks below.
I greatly appreciate the type of story that this is compared to the disaster that it could have been if nobody found out about it or decided to stay silent.... But how in God's green earth is checking how the wind affects a building on the corners not something that was a fundamental standard practice in this field?! That seems like an absurd oversight, we only checked how the wind hits the building two different ways. As if the wind doesn't blow against the building in all directions?
The amount of divine intervention in this story is insane. I hope LeMessurier's guardian angel got paid well for all that overtime
Welding fish plate were the smart thing to do
มนุษย์แบบพวกคุณทำให้คนอย่างพวกเราทึ่งมากๆ
I wonder what year it would have toppled if they did nothing
9:30 - this dampening effect, does it share properties with a ship's anchor by any chance?
Very informative. When I studied ceramics, I made a vase based on this building
3 minutes in and no mention of any student :/
A domino effect
Weld the damn thing 😅
So what if there is a power outage the stabalizer stops working?
16:59
He may be the only man that knew it but it was brought to his attention by a female undergraduate student. She does not get the credit she deserves form this video. Her name was Diane Hartley, a Princeton University Engineering student who discovered it while researching her thesis. She uncovered the quartering winds problem. She brought it to the attention of the Engineering firm and the Architect. They fixed it on the sly in an emergency repair campaign.
I have been a structural engineer for 20 years. We learn about Citi Corp and Hyatt Regency pretty early on in our careers as examples of how important the shop drawing and the construction administration phases of a project are. I've always treated Citi Corp as an example of the highest level of engineering ethics. Well...almost the highest point. Doing repairs in the dead of night while people still were in the building during the day is an iffy subject, but the strains were monitored, so there was still forethought. Point is, LeMessurier should be hailed as a hero. It was sad to think that he considered taking his own life after figuring this out. That part i didn't know.
LMAO that replacement church is a crime. It and the building above it are why everyone treats mid century modern as trash architecture (unjustly).
That church looks like a depressed timeout corner box.  Literally no personality anymore ;-;
Interesting indeed cos the highest building in Taiwan 101 building also has this same technology but was implemented to combat earthquakes. But thinking of putting this tech to save the building is ingenious.
So they were able to secretly go into the building to add extra supports  on the steel beams on each floor without anyone in the building knowing.  I'm surprised the 9-11 controlled demolition folks don't point this out when asked "how would a team of people get into the world trade center and plant explosions on the beams without anyone knowing?"
Allowing people to work in that building while all this was going on and not telling them is horrific. People are worried about their careers but not the lives of the people inside and in the surrounding areas.
Its a crime to destroy the gothic church for this modern monstrosity in the first place tbh. Im not even religious but i like the gothic buildings in my country way more than these modern monstrositys.
The real tragedy was how the beautiful gothic church was replaced with that postmodern eyesore
Gothic church looked better than that match boc
18:54 i reflexed like an abused child upon hearing the number
The biggest crime here was destroying that beautiful church
Excellent video. It seems like there are like 2-3 different narrators/presenters though, and that feels sort of confusing. Maybe it’s just me though.
I can't decide if I'd be pissed or glad that i didn't know i was working in a building that could collapse any minute.
destroying a gothic church should be punishable by law... a country that erases its own history for the sake of money
This irritated me so bad… u can look at it and see how stupid it is.
Sorry not sorry, I'm that guy who would be crushed in the building collapse. If the engineer didn't fess up, the collapse would have eventually exposed the issue, so he chose to not be remembered as hiding the error. Regulations should cover professional duty to report any concerns and also to evacuate lives. Sadly, profit trumps people's lives in aviation, cruise shipping and skyscraper engineering, where many safety improvements are necessary.
Brother in christ you made it
Yeah   If you can't see that balancing building on a footprint  1/4 of it's cross section is gonna cause problems you shoulda spent more time with the legos.     Maybe read the Emperor's New Clothes everyday before work
Someone was thinking "push it up" or there abouts but most engineers know that material costs will be attacked vigerousely therefore "pull it up" (the far stronger option per ton of material) should be the wise option. Years ago I went from mechanic to senior mechanic trying to convince them not to be backing up when pulling a heavy truck out of stuck. The cast iron can be pulled apart far easier than crushed. I volunteered to help replace the third destroyed "third member" and then and there I had access to the open gears to demonstrate this logic. He finally got it and even admitted the repair took half as long as he expected. Good minds work well together.
No way the structurally bad building is structurally bad!!!1!1!1!1
every 67 years🙄
20:15 an engineer's version, "I wish the earth would swallow me".
6 7 years?
Bruh how was this even allowed how could they destroy that church it's part of the states history
Willy streścił to w kilka minut
admitting a mistake is one thing, fixing it is another.
18:50 SIXXX SEVENNNNN
God it pisses me off that the firm to this day pretends this didn't happen. Classic capitalism. And I really wish that making a mistake did not equal carrer ruined, because it was honestly unethical that LeMessieur hid it from the public. That said, fascinating story!
soo long story shot it wasnt his fault but others greed
3:01 never hear someone describe legs of a chair as columns/supports 😂 not wrong just a first
18:51 the kids are roaring
that esim is a joke.. no clue why you guys would suggest it.
And yet, software developers make way more than most structural engineers ever will for none of the liability or stress.
18:55 has 6 and 7 mentioned ❤😂😂
Lack of strong foundations is such a fitting metaphore for the united states 😂
They really replaced that cool old church with history and charm, instead of just fixing it up? That's the most American thing I've ever seen, no appreciation for history. Here in the UK that church would have been protected, and half the population are atheists (who would be massively in favour of preserving it)...
Shouldn’t this be obvious? Are these engineers just stupid?
So they just copied the way a tree supports its weight
طبعا لو مسجد كانه هده المسجد علطوال من غير استاذن ولا حاجه اما لو كنيسة لا
Not a firs time I hear student question saved building from oversight.
shame on them for tearing down that beautiful church and replacing it with a heap of junk
It’s called accountability, people. Sad that this is so rare we feel the need to celebrate when someone demonstrates it.
The "Special Engineering Review" must have been named by the same people who came up with Russia's "Special Military Operation" in Ukraine.
Japanese already knew TMD, 1500 years ago. Go to Nara, Japan and visit Houryuji, the oldest Buddhism temple in Japan.
project wasnt so much "bolts are bad", but it was more so "we didnt re-math the building for bolts".  it was only after the building was completed and student called did someone go back and re-do the math for bolts.
18:53
I think there's an episode of Numb3rs that's roughly inspired by this.
Although LeMessurier did take action to correct his firm's mistakes, he still did so under cover in an attempt to save his reputation as much as possible. They should have shut down the building and completed the repairs as quickly as possible before the hurricane season, rather than attempting to repair only at night and in secret. They ultimately risked thousands of lives for this course of action, saved only by the change of direction of a hurricane. Additionally, they kept the discovery that quarterly winds increased the stress a secret, and it wasn't until the article came out that NY adopted this into building code. Had  LeMessurier been more public, this could have been adopted sooner and minimized more risk. His story is only looked at positively because of luck that everything worked out.
Bill's name is promounced Mess-your-ee-ay
Such a great story! Thank you for shedding light on it!🕯️
6-7
All the buildings are accidents waiting to happen.
He said the buildings would topple into each other like a set of dominoes, but wouldn't the building just have collapsed in on itself like a pancake effect at near free fall speed?  And then of course some of the burning debris would take out a random neighboring building in the same way, of course.
Things like this make me understand why extremist regimes include architects in their enemies list
I just want to opine just how hideously ugly I find that new polished-alluminum church compared to the "old, crumbling gothic church" from the picture. that's all.   one looks like an imposing, impressive medieval masterpiece, the other looks like a cheap electric razor case ... even though I'm certain the latter's more functional. whatever, can't stop "progress". only lament its frequent enough lameness.
they tore down a historical church that looked beautiful and amazing, just to build a box.
>Is an engineer >Is called ,,Le Measure"  Did Kojima write this
The true disaster that happened here is that they turned that amazing artistic gothic church and turned it Into that, I don't even know what it is
You can't blame people for not wanting to talk about it as if it hadn't been for a combination of dumb luck and the guy responsible being willing to step forward and confirm the problem, this video would be about the collapse of that skyscraper and investigating what went wrong instead - heck, there could have been more casualties than 911.
Hell still makes me think of how you have to take into account climate change now that is constantly being denied due to cost and ignorance. What if the weather just keeps getting worse?! On Average wont meant much then. You have to overengineer to future proof these structures...but that costs a fortune that the wealthy HATE to even think about when the point is short term gains. Sell this potential lawsuit off to someone else.
The old church was more beautiful than these dime a dozen skyscrapers
It is good he was not villainised for owning it, it would be fatal to set a precedent that would stop others from owning their mistakes in similar situations
It does make you wonder who many ah just let it fly things have gone on though.
I hear they were able to dampen the lateral forces using LeMessurier's big brass balls.
This channel is incredible. Please never stop telling these kind of stories.
I'd still have been upset to learn all this if I lived in the area. They say they didn't want to cause panic, but there was literally only a last-minute change in path of a hurricane that averted total catastrophe.  And they were just not going to tell anyone who lived/worked in the area? How much advanced warning would they have gotten? Long enough to descend 50+ floors?
A chair with legs in the midpoint is a barstool… enginerds….
Ofc a woman student found the mistake a whole lot of men didn't see...
...
I am in awe of the man’s integrity. I would be scrambling in the shadows to hide the mistake.
Yes destroy the beautiful genius old tartarian energy machines But be sure to build on the same grid line.
From the thumbnail I thought this was gonna be another "bad building design" of citicorp done thousands already in YT, but it turns out a beautiful story instead! Thanks
With a 100% probability of total collapse within 22 years.... I mean there's not much to "hope" for, is there?
so they almost killed thousands of people to save $250.000. nice, now put 4 mil in structure back in. this is a prime case that shitty execs with spreadsheets should not have any decision power.
This tower can collapse with a little blow, how can we fix that? Give it a LOT more weight ! ON TOP OF COURSE ! Americans
I just see this story as God’s Grace that this was discovered before the building could fail.
18:53 did i just hear 6 7 ?🤪🤪🤪
Human sees a tree. Also human: "Let's build an interestingly bizarre building in Manhattan"
Thank you for this amazing video..
That church looks like part of the building.. and it’s disgusting
18:52 okay I’ve had enough
Watching this video is making me question 911 more more. 21:56
All I heard was they destroyed a peice of art and built 2 modern peices of crap. One of which could have killed thousands and they kept that secret
Went are you STILL  changing the thumbnail on this one. Good lord lol
18:53 🥀🥀🥀🥀
There was a famous bridge collapse in the early 40s, the Tacoma narrows bridge, that was a suspension bridge nicknamed 'galloping gert' for the way it moved in the wind over the waterway it was on. A gale hit, the bridge went into harmonic oscillation and fell.   The engineer was a respected bridge engineer and the panel that investigated basically said that he didn't do anything wrong.  There was a trend at the time to make suspension bridges that were aesthetically pleasing to the eye. To do this they basically made the stiffe ning trusses very very light ( in comparison, look at a picture of the Brooklyn bridge , that had incredibly stiff trusses in the original design but then even more so when the bridge company wanted conventional trains to go on it). The trusses were too light for the kind of winds you get there, and it this oscillated in the wind and fell in a gale.   The chief of the panel was OH Ahman, who designed many of the bridges around NYC including the George Washington bridge..almost every member of the panel had designed bridges in that mode . Moses for example went back to Robert Moses , head of the TBTA, and they spent 10s of millions upgrading the Whitestone bridge with stiffening trusses bc it was over the entrance to long island sound that gets high winds and was designed the same way.   This is what happens with engineering. Either for aesthetic or monetary reasons they come up with a new design paradigm that others follow until something happens. One of the problems with the wind load issue was bridge designers were not well trained in aerodynamics. They didn't consult with experts in the field, like Von Karman of Caltech ( who was on the review panel and was critical of civil engineers understanding of wind load...plus I seem to recall the bridge deck had lift being generated as well.   I give the engineer credit that he listened to a question and actually investigated, as opposed to let's say the Titanic where the design, though it met existing British standards, was way too light, it had severe flex issues that likely contributed to its sinking ( in the 1990s they found the hidden report of the review board that came to that conclusion. The sister ships were beefed up after). There were people who questioned the design, especially after an earlier sister ship showed problems ).
29:00 The student in engineering was undergrad Diane Hartley at Princeton, 1978.
Elon Musk would be so proud of that church
All because their firm wanted to save costs.
Are they at Harvard?
Me at @5:46 : 😮 Oh Nooooo but that means if 😱
I love  that you give us credit for our brains. You look so familiar, like someone out of my youth do yo recall  jim craig? Please.
So 69mph
That church "replacement" was insanely tragic
We love when a shortcut that saves $250,000 ends up costing $4 million to fix
That makes me think the Citi group building is a steeple with a non ringing bell (TMD). 😂
18:52 im going to lose it
would be really cool to see a simulation on what would happen if those braces failed in high winds
*hears his design was implemented with bolts instead of welding* *insert Sully MMM! meme*
Total Mass Death
Good story! Dang! I was captivated!
When it's about security and building, US engineers are using very well the metric system 😅 no more talking in lbs, oz, inch and other bs.
18:50 SIX SEVEN
They should have just restored the original church. That would have looked amazing sitting there.
I used to work in that building and even in my office on the 19th floor it swayed and creaked like a pirate ship in the wind.  I was familiar with the engineering story and the repairs.  I was not worried until the plans for the building were found on Dhiren Baret's laptop computer in Pakistan post 9/11.  They stepped up security, but the  building felt less safe after that.
11:03 Erol Beker, a Turkish-born industrialist and benefactor of the St. Peter's Lutheran Church in midtown Manhattan
The original church didn’t have a problem with wind
thanks Master
clicked off when i saw 100 percent probability
i heard this on a podcast and its a beutiful story
16:24 In such a case you cannot just round down, you have to round up as it's more than 4 and you need to ensure that it's enough, so five here.
Citycorp center is collapse
20 years of secrecy until the article about the project came to light, and it's first after the article came out that New York updates their building code require quartering wind calculations? And yet this is considered ethical? What am I missing?
About that church... let's replace stunning european refined desing with some neo-modernistic sad, grey brick... yeah... great choice.
18:55.    67
Ad.  Breaks are shitty
Who paid for the repairs?
67
Since all went well this is a beautiful story to tell, but it makes you wonder, how many other buildings have their flaws yet undiscovered?
Ugly as hell building
So, because of the Church, nearly 200k people lost their lives so much for love and peace teaching of Jesus, greed always trumps all.
Excellent content 👏👏
What is the question? I'm not watching a 33 minute video for this.
"1 in 16 chance of collapse that very fall" is assuming a 100% chance that the power is knocked out, no?
Every single one of your videos is amazing, i wish i could get a chance for my master degree in structural Engineering. btw i am civil Engineer from Afghanistan.
1:30 whaaat that's so sad, why did they agree to that?!
There is exactly the same repair structure in london exact location is behind Hilton hotel between Edgware Road and Padington by the Chanel next to flyover  Checking the Google street view would show u with the location I’ve mentioned
As an Architect, I lost it in the 1:35...why? Why? ... omg that pastor is a.... ugh
you can tell where the physics teachers come in XD
so just by using 14 bolts they would have profit millions of dollars instead the first design: welded??
selam o öğrenci benim. babamdan dayak yemiştim yanlış hesaplama yaptım diye. bu video rahmetli babama girsin
If it were me, I’d get cold feet and a bad stomachache
They could’ve kept that beautiful old church and still build that ugly ass building the way they wanted to.
… Al Qaeda Loves This One Hidden Trick
large Margie
" old crumbling gothic church"  my jaw dropping how beautiful it was😢
One day a skyscraper will come tumbling down due to design or wear and tare.
This reminded me of the giant ball inside of the Taipei 101 building near the top where you can actually see it moves a little close to it.
I love the bite-sized format and friendly reminders; practice fits neatly into busy days �� — I share tiny listening and speaking prompts as well and would love your guidance to improve.
I think all skyscrapers are hideous. I can't stand them.
"You must do something". Damn...
THIS ERA OF ARCHITECTURE IS HORRENDOUS TO THE SIGHT. THE GOTHIC CHURCH SHOULD HAVE STAYED.
I can't belive they knocked the old gothic church down and put that piece of crap there instead
Citicorp sounds like a business lex Luthor sits in as he plans how to get rich and kill Superman.
bro the old church was cool :(
This would make an amazing movie, like in the style of The Big Short.
*I note this guy who thought about suicide instead of admitting mistake but eventually he did the right thing.... HE WAS NOT A ZIONIST.  Zio would have said eff it.* . There is no public information available to suggest that William LeMessurier was Jewish
bạn đã lựa chọn 1 người lồng tiếng Việt Nam rất tốt, giọng đọc rất có cảm xúc nhưng vẫn rất thể hiện rõ tính trung lập, rõ ràng
This entire video seems to ignore the fact that a beautiful church was demolished.
the couldn't have had the stilts on the corners and just rotate the building 45 degress?
I still don't understand the stilts design from an aesthetic respect. Imo it doesn't look better than just the single notch, it would be a pretty cool look with that church notched into the side of the building. Not the first time ego and form won out over function and made it much more complex and expensive than it needed to be
Ella was like when it was stalled - Ella: Actually imma go bully the canadians instead bye (Lol)
Someone was praying.
“Boeing certainly did not show such an ethics. Even after the first 737 MAX crashed, driven by greed and profit, they refused to admit their mistake until a second crash happened and more hundreds of innocent people were killed.
that new "church" is a building against humanity the old church was looking so much better
18:52 67!!!!!!!!!!
The dumbest thing I ever heard was that guy saying there's nothing to say a bolt is worse than a weld. A weld CANNOT move. A bolt certainly can and I can tell you from being a mechanic that things can vibrate loose from the dumbest thing you could ever think of. I've seen things that weren't even road noise vibrate things loose. I had a friend that nearly got arrested because his tag fell off because his stereo speaker he put in his trunk vibrated the bolts out that held the tag! Yes bolts can still move if not properly torqued and also applied with some type of thread sealant like Loctite. Yes they can move. Weld everything you can in that case
18:57....
Erol Beker (1918-1994) Beker came to the United States from Istanbul in 1950. He earned a master's degree in economics from the New School for Social Research and became founder and chairman of Beker Industries based in Greenwich, CT. He died at his home in Cannes, France, in 1994 and is inured in the Chapel.
Although it doesn't belong here, but 🙂  Gravity I suppose that GRAVITY is caused by increasing permittivity and permeability (gradient) towards a material object (metals – infinite permittivity, high permeability). Permittivity is inverse to stiffness, i.e., the speed of waves slows down towards a material object (curvature of light), but material objects accelerate towards a larger object because the gradient offers them less and less resistance to movement.  The explanation and conclusion below.  Relationship between refractive index, permittivity, and permeability:  The refractive index n is directly determined by the electric permittivity epsilon and the magnetic permeability mu. The relationship is: “The refractive index n equals the square root of the product of the relative permittivity epsilon and the relative permeability mu.”  Most ordinary optical materials (like glass, water, plastics) have a relative permeability mu that is very close to one, so the relation simplifies to: “The refractive index is approximately equal to the square root of the relative permittivity.”  “The speed of light in a material equals the speed of light in vacuum divided by the refractive index, which is equivalent to one divided by the square root of the product of permittivity and permeability.”   This means the refractive index directly determines how much electromagnetic waves slow down inside medium.  For any wave in a medium (acoustic, elastic, or electromagnetic), the wave speed is controlled by two competing properties:  “inertia” term - how hard it is to move or displace the medium - mass density ρ - permeability μ  “restoring” term - how strongly the medium pushes back -stiffness (bulk modulus) K - permittivity ε   So: permeability μ plays the role of inertia (like mass density), and permittivity ε plays the role of stiffness (like a spring constant or bulk modulus).   Why ε behaves like stiffness  In electromagnetism, permittivity plays the role of compliance (inverse stiffness), not stiffness itself — which is why the formula for EM wave speed has permittivity in the denominator, not in the numerator. Permeability then plays the role of inertial mass density. Permittivity means the medium polarizes easily, which means - it yields to the field (soft / compliant), it stores energy in polarization, the wave gets slowed down. This is the opposite of mechanical stiffness. Textbooks often say “ε is stiffness” only because high ε → stronger material response, but from the wave-speed viewpoint it behaves like softness, not stiffness.   A high permittivity means - the medium polarizes strongly, the electric field “stores” a lot of potential energy in polarization → its atoms/molecules are "easily deflected" and form dipoles → the electric field is significantly "slowed down" inside the material. Material with low permittivity → dipoles are hardly deflected → the field penetrates almost without resistance (as in a vacuum or air).  Why μ behaves like inertia  A high permeability means - the medium magnetizes strongly, i.e., it “responds” slowly/with lag to changes in magnetic induction just like mass density resists acceleration, permeability resists changes in magnetic field configuration   So in field-theory language: ε = how hard you push back when you are displaced, μ = how heavy the field is to move Wave speed analogy  Mechanical wave for a sound wave in a material: “wave speed equals the square root of stiffness divided by density.” Electromagnetic wave for light: “wave speed equals one divided by the square root of permittivity times permeability.” Thus the structure is the same: acoustic “speed equals the square root of stiffness divided by density” stiff and light → fast wave electromagnetic “speed equals one divided by the square root of permittivity times permeability” low inertia and low compliance → fast wave   When all previous notes are put together, the following conclusion can be drawn:  I suppose that GRAVITY is caused by increasing permittivity and permeability (gradient) towards a material object (metals – infinite permittivity, high permeability). The presence of a medium (aether - whatever we call it today, e.g. relic neutrinos - Bob Greenyer and others) is important for this assumption. Permittivity is inverse to stiffness, i.e., the speed of waves slows down towards a material object (curvature of light), but material objects accelerate towards a larger object because the gradient offers them less and less resistance to movement. High permittivity - low stiffness, low "resistance" for material objects - higher speed. Low permittivity of vacuum - high stiffness - high wave speed, but high "resistance" for a moving material object. Paradoxically, flying a spaceship in a vacuum is worse, less efficient, and slower than moving toward a place with higher permittivity and lower permeability from a place with higher  permeability and lower permittivity. And therein lies a clue as to how to build a propulsion system that would change the environment electromagnetically (especially the permittivity) AROUND a spaceship.  All this leads, for example, to the fractal toroidal moment (ball lightning, plasmoids, static electricity, ...) of Bob Greenyer, EVO - Ken Shoulders, Takaaki Matsumoto, Dubovik, John Archibald Wheeler, Nikola Tesla, Guy Obolensky (Mach disc, The mechanics of time revisited, The force is faster than its radiation, The magnetic force is faster than light), and many many others.   The most common elements in the composition of the Earth’s crust (by mass): Oxygen (O) ~46% the most paramagnetic natural gas Silicon (Si) ~28% high permitivity Aluminum (Al) ~8% paramagnetic Iron (Fe) ~5% ferromagnetic  The whole Earth (core + mantle + crust) Iron (Fe) ~32% Oxygen (O) ~30% Silicon (Si) ~15% Magnesium (Mg) ~14%   The permittivity of a perfect metal is considered infinite because it completely blocks internal electric fields (this is precisely one of the properties of Greenyer's fractal toroidal moment - THE NON-RADIATING BOUNDARY). However, in real-world applications, especially at high frequencies, metals exhibit a complex-valued relative permittivity that is frequency-dependent and can be approximated with a complex refractive index. This leads to the use of frequency-dependent models like the Drude model to describe their behavior, where the permittivity is not truly infinite.  Metals contain a large number of free electrons that move freely and shield any applied electric field, effectively canceling it out inside the conductor. This makes the dielectric constant (relative permittivity) infinite, as it is directly proportional to the material's permittivity, and the metal completely resists the formation of an electric field within it.
18:52 how many years?
Poor Church looks like a pile of poop from the building.
only a jew would design a church that looks like a bunker
Honestly I liked the gothic church they way it use to be instead of what they changed it to, now it’s ugly.
I instantly felt nauseous and dizzy by just looking at the pendulum and the whole simulation 09:30 🤢😵🥴
the new church looks like a demons bunker compared to the old one.
“He’s probably watching corn”  Us…
such an ugly church design
67😂
Almost 2 jumbo jets of weight in the dumpers, crazy!
Moral of the story, Don't cut corners to save money.
Thanks for doing this video series. This should be part of any home school curriculum leading up to Columbus day.
Who ever says 67, which is not going to happen lol. Will be classified as a "Lil bro"
Henry is Nederlander….van Dijk
"old crumbling gothic church"???? It was an amazing work of architecture, it should have been protected not demolished to be replaced by a hideous thing that I can't even call church.
in the meantime, in soviet union: our reactor can explode if you press az-5? state secret and let it happen.
rút lõi công trình, tinh giản bộ máy :)))))
related to Dick Van Dyke? if so thats cool!
COK BAIST HATTA ILKEL BIR SISTEM. NIYE MI DEDGINIZ PLAN VE SISTEM VE DESIGN MILYONLARCA YILDIR AGACLARIN GOVDESINDE HEMDE MILYARLARCA KAT DAHA MUKEMMEL BIR SANAT HARIKASI OLARAK MEVCUTTUR.
Thank goodness they averted that crisis. that probably would have been the worst disaster in nyc history. Edit: would have been the worst disaster in nyc of the 20th century...
That is one ugly church, lemme tell ya
LeMessurier must have some hell of a good karma
1:37 I hate this
What a fantastic amount of denial and gaslighting. A bunch of rich white men self-congratulating their ethical upstandingness for doing what exactly? Lying to tens of thousands of people at risk in the name of "avoiding mass panic"? (Translation: We don't want to lose a tremendous amount of money and face.) The idea that it was some act of heroism not to either 1) kill himself and let all the people in that building die, or 2) run away and keep it a secret until it fell (also letting all those people die and essentially having the same professional ruin) is entirely absurd. There's no great moral fortitude or self-sacrifice shown here. This is just self-interest, greed and ego-based secrecy that put lives at risk and happened to work out okay because the hurricane spun back out into the ocean. His confession, such as it was, was kept in house and was driven by the inevitably of its disastrous reveal through a catastrophic collapse.
I want to scream at the world for that beautiful church being torn down. 🤯
Saran jangan ada gambar makhluk bernyawa, seperti animasi karakternya
18:53 don't think it don't say it don't think it don't say it don't think it don't say it don't think it don't say it
I can’t imagine the sheer existential terror of realizing that a prized building you designed was actually a ticking time bomb for a mass casualty event and national crisis
67
67 years
wtf. why did they get rid of that gothic church.
18:54 6 7
That was the damn cleanest sponsor transition I’ve ever seen. Flawless victor my friend!
THE CHURCH USED TO LOOK LIKE THAT WHAT
rhx for this vid bro, was really interesting and informative :)
To all of you fawning over the old building. It's not a real gothic church, it's a copy of a European gothic church.  Americans should do their own thing with their architecture. Copying old buildings because that's how churches typically look is regressive and stops America developing it's own culture, history, and identity.  I am from a city with period gothic churches, and they're beautiful. Why would I want to see a copy of that made 100s of years later when visiting another country?   Why would Americans want a copy of an old looking building from another country rather than a uniquely American building that is a product of American culture?  If you think it is ugly, fair enough. I'm general tastes change over time I think it looks cool and it'll come back into style. And when it's as old as a gothic church it'll be valued.
i lobr the last statement in the video, if you got the licence that the profession given you, you need to be responsible and need to do something taking care of the risk over your own personal honor. Amen! comment by an Alumni EE of U of Toronto
the church was to be "independent" of the tower and "physically distinct"? Looks instead like an alternative entrance to the building!
I love watching a video so interesting I look away from my game.
18:50 6 7
is constantly changing the thumbnail and title part of an experiment?
as a structural engineer in NYC, tuned mass dampers are very common in the massive skyscrapers we see nowadays, especially around billionaires row. to this day, i still think structural dynamics, the foundational course behind the theories governing the behavior and design of TMDs, was probably the hardest class I took during my master’s degree. nonetheless, it was very interesting and TMD's are completely ingenious. the REALLY smart people in our line of work calibrate these systems and conduct all that advanced research.  it’s funny cause this video perfectly sums up my experience as a structural engineer. you do some calcs, time passes, you revisit it, rerun the calcs, and suddenly you feel like youre staring at a catastrophic error you can’t believe you missed, convinced the building is going to fall down.  like LeMessurier, try not to panic until there’s reason to, and even then, try not to... panicking never helps. slow down, think like an engineer, and solve the problem. but better yet, take your time the first time around and don’t hesitate to double or triple check your work, or ask coworkers for a sanity check when something feels off. with time and experience, you quickly start to develop an intuition for when things make sense, or dont. the moment you realize there is always someone smarter than you, and theyre often just a few desks away, the job becomes more enjoyable, more educational and far less stressful. when I stopped seeing coworkers as competition and started seeing them as my greatest resources, everything changed.  fun fact... I dont know Lee DeCarolis but im a graduate of the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT) just like him... and also played soccer there!😆
Almost was another example of how cutting corners could of had devastating results.
It's always a woman that saves us. We don't give our girls enough credit...
Thanks!
engineering ethics is what i learned today
67 ?
18:54 67🔥🔥
The problem with these engineers is they never have done hard labor. The fact he made a mistake and wanted to drive straight in a bridge to end it, how do these people get such name for themselves. very weak
Yes, the churches building was beautiful. But you better believe the reason that all worked out is because there were people below praying. The miracle of correction over man's grand mistakes, which blessed generations to come. Thank you, Jesus. No way the man didn't pray himself after realizing such a demonstrable mistake. The church is the body of believers. You can't tear down what the Lord built, but you best believer He can tear down whatever you build. Stay humble.
67 years ☠️
When I heard someone decided that bolting would be cheaper, my mind immediately went to the Hyatt Regency Hotel. Someone other than the architects and engineers involved in designing and calculating the stresses suggested something cheaper ('Oh, let's bolt instead of weld', 'oh, let's just use two rods instead of one so we don't have to cut so many threads in the rod'), to the tune of hundreds, potentially thousands of lives lost and millions of dollars in damages.
Wow, he literally considered ending his life. Wow, just. Wow. And then, the morning after the hurricane hit Canada, not New York, he thought that was the most beautiful day he'd ever seen. Makes me wanna cry, honestly. How he might've missed the light of day. But he did the right thing. I admire this man truly.
that church is an eyesore, why did they even bother staying lol
I’m not Christian by any means, I’m pagan, but I automatically hate Citicorp for destroying that beautiful building. I automatically hate most corporations, but I think this is in S Tier for Stale.
جميل ❤️❤️
If the church had to stay in place and also have the skyscraper build right next to it, why didn't they simply rotate the building's design by 45 degrees, so that those 4 pillars would sit normally on the corners, instead of the faces' centers?
Why did you sell out, Derek
Could you begin another sentence with "so"? Please? Pretty please?
I'm sorry, I know it's an anti science fallacy of a take, but I can tell just by looking at the shape of the building that it's a bad idea.  You can't just build a skyscraper on stilts.  I know. I know. They aren't just blocks piled up, they have roots and all that, but still. Still. You still need some level of blocks piled.
This may seem like a small thing, but the engineering student was a woman not a man, Diane Hartley.   This also wasn't LeMessurier running someone through his math only to realize he should check the quartering winds scenario. Hartley specifically brought up the issue of quartering winds and the math she and her professor had collaborated on already showed the design was flawed. She spoke to one of LeMessurier's associates who passed the info on to him.  I understand the desire to use actual video of this guy, but he's spinning the story to make himself more central than he was. The design flaw was discovered by others; his part in the story was getting Citicorp to implement the fix. I also think it's very telling that when he found out the chevrons had been bolted rather than welded he didn't bother to check the math.
That's a pretty efficient mob farm right there
Apakah wajar anak 16 tahun menonton ini aku diledek sama temen² aku 😭😭
aint no way that 18:55 was real dude 😭
Inspiring
This is the most ad ridden video ive ever watched. What an incredible display of greed ruining a factual interesting video
They should have just used pulleys and rope 😋
18:52 6 7
The biggest problem with his calculations is that a structural engineer is supposed to design something to last at least their lifespan, so they can easily die without seeing it fail.
I like how Lemeserurier doesn't blame the engineers for switching bolts. he just took the responsibility.
This is true engineering and I love it!
I wish that the  corrupted Philippine's builders had the same moral code as this guy when it comes to structures integrity and keeping the people safe from calamities.
Has anyone converted the socialism units into Freedom Units, yet?  How many Bald Eagle wingspans is 110km?  Also accepting answers in Hurricane Category, and of course,  mph.
They created two monstrocities and destroyed a beautiful church in the process...
اعجبني الاعلان الذكي في وسط الفديو😂 وكانه حل مثل حل البرج
That church looks like it’s designed by atheist
There are still millions of pounds with nothing under them but air. Inverted triangles won't keep the thing from twisting and falling. This thing will be condemned or fall.
Should have just shaved off the one corner for the church.
So much for saving that initial sum of money.
Notice how a 4-5 million dollar repair was all caused by cheapskates trying to save half a million bucks instead of listening to the damn design
I love that he's giving talks on his knowledge and experience!
Citicorp sounds like the evil organisation in some Netflix series.
"I could've swore they were doing repairs here last night" carpenter dressed in suit: what? no you're imagining things
its actually a story of corruption against the public by the rich.....  The Rich firms and individuals didnt want to pay for the cost of an instant fix that would have cost money but been done in probably less than 6 weeks, so they risked the public to protect their reputations and bank balances....  This story is only told this way because they got away with it....
If it was in India "How many workers it required?" "Four teens"
When they said this will save money i knew it was going to go well.
That "crumbling gothic church" was pretty gorgeous. Shame they turned it into a metal cube.
Hurricane Ella chose to double it and give it to Canada 🙏🙏🙌
LeMessier gets no points from me.  I'm aghast that, while he did tell Citicorp, he took no steps to make sure that the public was also made aware of the danger that they were in.  In fact, he and Citicorp took affirmative steps to deceive the public by fixing their mistake once everyone had gone home and cleaning up the evidence before they got back.  It was the grace of God that the hurricane veered off.  This is the most unethical engineering feat I've ever heard.  Somebody give LeMessier a posthumous donkey of the day.  What an ass.
Who cares about a Church
why do you have a video stating the company cheaped out and went with bolts, and miscalculated the forces so went with only 4 bolts, and then bang on about about lemessuriers mistake? Make sense and be consistent
Teoriler insan öldürmez cehalet can alır cesaret örnek alınmalıdır siz olsanız ne yapardınız?
1:39 that’s not a church, that’s an ugly brutalist concrete block wth
Engineers remember: Never try to bury a safety problem. Always bring it to light and work to solve it, even if it’s technically your fault.   It’ll always be significantly worse if you don’t
Why do modern buildings look so ugly? So stupid and banal looking? So soul suckingly creepy and cold and revolting?
I will never forget the very first plan you sign as civil engineer. The sense of responsibility crushed me and came with a few nightmares.
this can be improved by emptying 4, to 6 sections, of 2 floors per section, spaced out from middle, to near top of the building. the 2-floor sections would be reinforced at corners, several points on each side, and turned into fenced observation areas. wind would pass through, with weight removed from top, but support maintained all through, i say that 9/11 was definitely an inside job. every time i think i'm out, the C.I.A. pulls me back in.
Problem đến từ cái nhà thờ quỷ quái
18:54 67
18:53   six seveeeeeeeeeeen sooooooooo tuffffffffffff☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
I just ask myself… couldn’t they just have the building on an 45 degree angle so that every corner still has a stilt under it?🤔🤔 Or is their a code how the building has to be oriented 😂😅
9:29 Adam akıllı bir bina yapmak yerine binaya fren koymuşlar aq.
18:45 uh s-six seven?!🥹🥹🥹
No one has questioned the ignorant stubbornness of the clergy.
immediately stopped the vid as i heard 67, my brain is fried af
Engineer named LeMeasure? J.K. Rowling ass naming
Im gobsmacked at that atrocity! Why would they swap out that beautifully built , cathedral for that eyesore?!
still baffled that they turned a beautiful piece of gothic architecture into a cybertruck egg
ขอบคุณสำหรับเสียงภาษาไทย
ดีดี  สระคดี
An absolutely riveting documentary. The newspaper strike providing a "press blackout" was an incredible stroke of luck. It raises a fascinating modern question: in the age of social media, smartphones, and citizen journalism, could an emergency repair of this magnitude ever be kept secret for months? Or would a single tweet from a late-night office worker showing welders on-site blow the whole operation open, potentially causing the very panic they sought to avoid?
Excellent piece of detective work piecing together this entire saga.  This goes to show structural engineers have and do shoulder responsibilities that attorneys for the most part do not have! Attorneys get paid regardless of the outcome for their clients and suffer no consequences what so ever!!!
18:48 youre welcome
She did a whole thesis about the building and didn´t believe her calculations were right.
to be fair I wonder how did  William LeMessurier decide that static load and non-quartering winds were the conditions which he should use to calculate maximum load in the first place sounds like that he should have had enough knowledge to not think of that
The fat cats are fine with the shutdown, they don't make their main money from federal salaries. Also as long dumb Americans blame democrats for the shutdown they consider it a win. You might have noticed some .gov websites now have a banner at the top that says "Democrats have shut down the government" in flagrant violation of the Hatch Act.
Six seven
This is everything a documentary should be. One of the best I've ever seen in my long life as a documentary watcher. Absolutely fantastic! Thank you.
I believe ICE should have a volunteer list to help ICE since these lame police not pulling there weight in helping because of corrupt Governor.Gaurantee you would have abundance.We have the right to take back our states from this chaos.Go ICE!! Go National.Guard.Thank you Tom Homan
18:52 he predicted it 😅
I dont think it would have fallen into another building and caused a chain reaction. Building in New York Free fall.
thanks, hoping the sent link to my daughter will implant initiative
They replaced Gothic architecture with a lunch box?
Videolarda Daha çok türkçe dil desteği olursa süper olur. Türkiyeden muazzam bir izleme potansiyeli olacağının farkına varın lütfen
1:35 who was the person that agreed to replace a beautifull building by a box of ciment?
Absolute cinema 🎦🎦
👍
Very good video
There’s actually a movie called Durak a Russian film about something like this
One of the questions, was that quartering winds, are the normal winds, as the supports are shifted 45 degrees.   So, there was something basically wrong with the basic calculations from day 1.   But the supports were designed for normal corner supports, which was wrong, wrong, wrong.  Long story short.  Support a building from the corners.
General contractor here.   Architects and engineers are idiots. They are “book smart”. Nothing more .
A 15sec question and a 1min max answer... That will take a 5min long videos to explain... But no "hold my beer!": a 33:38min video to waste your time. look it is now 3:00AM.
ugh this is too much anxiety!
Another example of WHY 9-11 was a controlled demolition.
If you gave the money to the church, I'm sure they would accept it.
Q: 21:49 answered by a man 21:59 who is determined to NOT say “domino effect.”   22:05  lol.  He’s def superstitious..  And I don’t blame him!
27:43 his mistake? HIS? HIIIIISSSSS? It WASNT HIS desicion to change welding into bolts! He didnt even knew about it, until a year later! He found it out by coincident! And he has done his work to correct the failure from other! Others! Others who wanna save money; go get cheap! And in the it cost them soooo much more! When?! When understand such people finaly that „going cheap“ in such moments cost them more?! Why didnt they ask him?! „What difference would it make when…?“ bc they knew he would say NO! Or would say: „that has to get new calvulated!“ what would cost something…. And it „shouldnt“ cost more when trying to go cheap?! Shouldnt it?!  Going cheap in the wrong moment, on the wrong things, is EVERYTIME a fatal decision.  Im sad and angry that they made him the „skapegoat“ -his mistake- when he was the Hero that saw what was comming… and safed it.  ❤big hug for all❤ Feel a little bit of love❤ A big hug and im proud of you❤
I think thoughts like he had about just crashing his car are normal when your brain is in such a high level of panic, humiliation, and such. I’ve had those thoughts before for less lol.  Nice so now I know of THE example of recall protocol being carried out (Johnson&Johnson’s recall of Tylenol following a series of cyanide poisonings known as the Tylenol Murders) and THE example of engineering ethics being carried out (this)
This is an awesome video. What an interesting story! Subscribed. 😀
23:43 huh? Who is your carrier? Sounds terrible
Nearly became 9/1 instead of 9/11
If there is stress there is strain. I wonder why he used compression and tension ? Are they different ?
1:38 What a shame they didn't repair the church.
Cám ơn sự trách nhiệm của ông và việc ông công khai với các lãnh đạo đồng thời phối hợp với Hội Chữ thập đỏ chứng tỏ ông là người có tấm lòng nhân ái.
Pious groups are evil. You people can not get along with anyone.
18:53 6-7?
Billionaires often promote the idea that money isn't the key to happiness, but in reality, money provides security and freedom
Amazing
We have friends in the newspaper industry, we control the unions, saving on bolts over welds, who kept the savings?
1:36  oh that just hurt my heart
18:57 6776666767676$6767655576665?)?())8?? Bc😢 V
If you think it's wild they kept this from you, just think what those at the highest of power keep from us...
So how many buildings that didn't examine quartering winds are out there?
church got a massive downgrade
I cant believe they destroyed that  old gothic church for that bland new one
Another great story from the team at Veritasium. Thanks a lot guys!
I wouldn’t be so comfortable living or working in that building, even after the “repair”.
This is certainly a dramatic engineering story from history but why is Veritasium presenting this now?  The National Academy of Engineering put out LeMessurier's lecture seven years ago.  Even Simon Whistler did a video on it four years ago.  Countless others have too.  I wouldn't be surprised if even the "Simpson did it."  Also, it really obnoxious to continually insist on quoting measurements in the metric system in videos that I'm sure have 90% plus viewers in the US, were we care less than nothing about the metric system, other than for a 2-liter Coke bottle.
The reason these types of buildings are deadly is because there is no oxygen inside them and the sunlight that hits them every day fills them with radiation. Working inside such buildings is brainless.
He is more responsible than whoever design and build Office of the Auditor General of Thailand high rise that just collapsed in March. Until today no one ever take any responsibility for the collapsed that claimed hundred of worker lives. All they said is blame earthquake but not on design flaw.
Same concept they used for the I-4 Eye Sore?
Whaaat? That ugly cube is a church? Oh my gosh that is ugly
While in the Philippines, flood control projects are being shafted, costing lives every typhoon.
Vay enayiler , bina yıkılınca kader böyleymiş deyip sorumluluktan kurtulabilirdiniz! Türkiye’de böyle yapılıyor ve kimseden hesap sorulmuyor.
Problem ke-2; kenapa bangunannya gak di buat tabung saja biar angin bisa melewati bangunan itu lebih mudah? Ini hanya teori ku, tapi aku tidak tahu pasti karena aku hanya anak SMP. Correct me if i'm wrong
18:52
niceeeee
I like this, please make another documentary video about other building structures like this
That is the most antichrist anti biblical new age new world order Jesuit coadjutor infested hellscape nightmare of a false heretical blasphemous worldly church I've ever seen... I'm about to go down the Roman Catholic eccumenical nyc rabbit hole... bombs away!
Harika program, dublaj için teşekkürler.🙌
understood: I will keep asking questions in uni even if I think they are dumb
Still looks new
Old BEAUTIFUL Gothic church. That's shocking it was allowed to be demolished for this monstrosity.
21:08 yeah calm and at tranquil for sure
11:04 Erol Beker as bayrakları as as as🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
ขอบคุณครับ
They really f*cked up that church
religion already killed millions of people, what's thousand more?
Why not give credit to the "anonymous student"?? The professor tried his absolute best to disguise her gender, and the picture shows a man. Her name is Diane Hartley and she discovered a structural flaw in the Citicorp Center, couldn't understand why it looked wrong, and began to ask questions. Her senior thesis focused on the building's engineering, where she calculated that quartering winds, hitting the building at a 45-degree angle, would stress the structure far more than was accounted for in its original design... Again, why not give her credit? Even THIS video just assumes it was a male student.
Just to show you that no matter the degrees you have. You still are not that smart. I worked with engineers who thought their 💩 didn’t stink and wouldn’t listen to the people who constructed the project only to see it fail then came the blame game. The engineers never took fault.
A tree! I get it😂
A Chinese construction company that was tasked with constructing a government building in Thailand during the earthquake should adopt Le Messurier 's traits.
My worst nightmare came in 1981 in Kansas City when, as a paramedic student, I responded to the Hyatt skywalks collapse. It killed 113 people. One of my jobs that night was trying to figure out which human head went with which body there were so many decapitations. After the last-minute change in engineering, which was put forward by the construction company, engineering goes bad and evil results. Jack D. Gillum & Associates, which was responsible for the design and for overseeing it. Specifically, the firm's engineers, including Jack Gillum and Daniel Duncan, were found guilty of gross negligence for failing to object to a significant design change made by the construction company and for failing to properly verify the safety of the new design. As a result, their engineering licenses were revoked. Did they go to prison? They were never charged with any crime, and yet hundreds of us got to pick through the remains of the Hyatt Regency Skywalks bridges that collapsed and pick up the minutiae of body parts. Have you ever noticed how these disasters start off with you know the most powerful person or the richest person and when it all goes vershimel the rank and file Blue Collar guys that have to come in and clean up the mess. So Hallmark which is yes, the Hallmark Cards company they knew the skywalks were dangerous yet instead of fixing the problem they went out and bought more liability insurance. Now the way I cope with that is I think of all these lovely little animals and cute cards that come from Hallmark and I realize that this is a company that doesn't care how you feel doesn't care about the safety of the people in your community they only care about money so when all those bodies got smashed to pieces and all that life left those individuals that's what I think about when I think of Hallmark cards.
I love watching a cartoon just getting angrier and angrier.
Staking ninja fusion nifi token's burned tokens display passive income. 🌟 feels secure.
Why do you say there is no way? Do you know about Ninja Fusion Nifi Token? This is going to fly to new heights.
The power of AI in your hands – Ninja Fusion Nifi Token!
The power of AI in your hands – Ninja Fusion Nifi Token!
The power of AI in your hands – Ninja Fusion Nifi Token!
The power of AI in your hands – Ninja Fusion Nifi Token!
Ninja Fusion Nifi Token has exceeded all my expectations as an investor. The team's experience, passion, and commitment to transparency are unrivalled. Join the presale and be part of this extraordinary success story!
Staking ninja fusion nifi token's burned tokens display passive income. 🌟 feels secure.
Why do you say there is no way? Do you know about Ninja Fusion Nifi Token? This is going to fly to new heights.
I've assessed the market landscape, and Ninja Fusion Nifi Token stands out as a project with immense potential. Its forward-thinking approach instills confidence in investors.
Ninja Fusion Nifi Token has won my trust as a project that prioritizes investor safety and offers substantial growth potential. It's an investment opportunity I'm confident in.
No owners, no bots, simply the smartest token on the globe! 🌍💡
Ninja Fusion Nifi Token is about to go off the tracks.
Looking for an alternative currency? Ninja Fusion Nifi Token is a safer and more promising option!
Ninja Fusion Nifi Token has won my trust as a project that prioritizes investor safety and offers substantial growth potential. It's an investment opportunity I'm confident in.
semuanya karena keangkuhan gereja 😮‍💨
The building is solid
I think the algorithm can read my mind. Just yesterday, while playing Marvel's Spider-Man, I saw this building and wondered, "How is it even standing?" And tonight, this video popped up.
Can someone help What’s the background song in 1:05
Most of these comments seem to praise the architect. He did not calculate wind shear. Welds or bolts be damned, he did not calculate wind shear into the design. Unforgivable. Anyone who has ever rounded a building and been smacked int the face with strong winds knows about wind shear and its affects.
Why weren’t the welding crews working 24/7 if there was an urgent need to repair the building?
Why didnt they put wind tunnels at various levels. Lets wind go thru rather than slam into building. Like when we have tornado warnings we open windows esp. cross wise windows
🎉But will the structure remain standing in a devastating earthquake?
สู้สตง.ไทยไม่ได้หรอก😂😂เงียบกริบ
Hurricane Ella apparently was Canada's strongest hurricane on record.
A monument to hubris, i.e. "I did the calculations and I took every factor into account, and I can't be wrong".  Criminal neglect i.e. "Let's see if we can fix it without anybody knowing about it.(meanwhile endangering thousands)" And now presenting it as a feel-good story.
Good job, Diane!!!
So they didn’t close down the building to fix it, they continued to let people who had no clue it’s so dangerous to work there
It’s ridiculous that an extra amount of bolts or to weld at the bottom. You always need a tolerance for worst case but such a new structure he should have been consulted.
Where was i all this long?!! This particular channel is worth more to me than Netflix!!!! With this type of content you don't have to remind people to subscribe, they'll do it willingly and unknowingly 💯✅
same direction??
So the structure of a leaf is knew ? you guys are so dumb , usa = dumb
Perfect idiom for usa , tell you one thing , do another , steal from you while doing so , then kill everyone because it was an evil plan from the get go. Usa = evil . 100% proof if you live your entire life for profit you will be a villain
Le messiur was a architect at heart
Engineers must ALWAYS be HIGHLY SKEPTICAL of Contractors proposing changes.  I work for a manufacturer of engineered rotating machinery.  At the start of the submittal phase of a recent project, we put in RFIs and explained to the engineer how part of their piping system HAD to be slightly re-designed to work with the type of equipment specified.  Once the senior engineering staff understood the underlying principles, they agreed.  The change was only about $100K.  But during Construction, the Contractor comes up with this idea to save the Owner $50K (and put the other $50K in their pocket), BY REVERSING THE CHANGE MADE 18 MONTHS BEFORE.  And here is where it all goes wrong.  The senior engineers are no longer involved on a daily basis.  All the submittals are approved, and there are lots of inspectors, but the level of engineering expertise is not the same.  So the change gets approved by a junior Engineer.  Once our startup engineer gets out in the field to commission the equipment, he points out that it WILL NOT WORK with the changes they made.  So it all has to be changed back.
Wao
Kênh hay quá.
I’m upset for the gothic church
What an amazing piece of structural engineering history. I cannot imagine how he felt, it is immensely devastating. The 'Gothic' Church would have been Gothic Revival. And in the 60s and 70s so many beautiful old buildings were torn down😢
LeMessier? nah, LeMeasure.
The fact that people were still working in there having no idea is kinda scary. I get it, but how many other things are like that
There's Future Liability concerns if fact anyone from CitiCorp, Contractor, Architect, Design firm and/or new owners were to acknowledge in detail because if it does collapse partially or in whole then people will demand why no one was informed, if they know and then court & compensation to the tune of BILLIONS.......
Its always  better  to  admit  that you were wrong  then be a absolute  coward to  run away.
All engineers have that pressure to some degree. I wrote software for medical devices and one stray bit the patient could be injured or worse.  You don't think I didn't have some sleepless nights?
So 9/11 could have been a faulty situation indeed?
27:23  so instead of coming clean like you say he did less than the bare minimum anyone should do resulting in the building codes and important knowledge having to wait an extra 20yrs. And even now they seem embarrassed about it… not exactly glowing examples to future architects & builders are they…?!!
This is just as bad as 9/11. People who knew there was a good chance this could happen and they warned no one! Just trying to cover it up to save money.
Lol this is actually interesting a lot
That church looks like it was designed by nazis to be a church/bunker combo !
But of course the engineers are silent I'm the main about the things happening in the sky.
It's insane that we still see shortcuts like this often in the construction world.
Demolishing that Gothic Church 1:38 for that blocky one is crazy to me. The old Gothic Churches are so pretty...
That's what they get for destroying a one of kind cultural landmark. That church should have been preserved and made a centerpiece.
love when people are named exactly for their job
To destroy a beautiful church and replace it with what looks like a dystopian torture chamber is insane and criminal.
Why didn't they just hire 1,000 welders, pay them a BONUS stipend and finish all the "band-aid" welding in one weekend? Lawsuits would have been 1,000 time more than the cost of the BONUS Stipend.
it takes a real man to face his mistakes. was he directly at fault? no. but the moral buck stopped with him. god bless this man for doing what was right.
Destroyed a beautiful gothic church for an ugly brutalist tower
Nếu cơn bão ko đổi hướng thì bao nhiêu người chết bởi nhóm này ko thông báo nhỉ
24:02 Ne mutlu Türk'üm diyene                                      Mustafa Kemal Atatürk
If the americans only knew?!  In USA skyscrapers just crash down on the spot. (WTC) atlest thats what they belive now.  LOL
❤❤❤❤
Deciding not to tell the affected public or those working in the building that they had discovered it could potentially collapse at the first sign of some heavy winds strikes me as extraordinarily problematic, both legally and ethically. Worst case scenario if telling - people make an informed decision about whether to move to a different area while the building is remedied (hardly “mass panic”). Worst case scenario if not telling - the avoidable deaths of potentially tens of thousands of people who you deliberately kept ignorant of the risks facing them. Remember  this wasn’t scientists or government working out how much information to provide the public about constant, natural, unavoidable risks that have a perhaps low probability of materialising but catastrophic consequences if they do (like the risks of asteroids hitting earth). This was private actors who collectively and carelessly made catastrophic errors in the construction of a major, publicly feted building; it was their collective error that was putting the public at active risk; the risks were now all known to them, they were very high, the consequences would be catastrophic; and the consequences would be entirely avoidable if only they bothered informing the affected public of their error and the resulting risks. Not acceptable.
ดูจนจบทำให้นึกถึงตึก สตง.
I'd feel so gaslit if I worked in one of those offices and everything was a tiny bit askew and there was the smell left behind by welding and plaster one morning
Who pay this 4.5 $? Company?
18:53, SIX SEVEN.
Would it be safe to say: LeMessurier did not "le measure" correctly.
Işık neon sex unsuru sakınma salınma olmuyor burda iki saat boyunca duran koşan kaçanın gözü bana doğru çevrilmiş makaleler yazılır
In Indonesia, when a building collapses, we call it fate.
"monitored the skyscrapers  every bend and twist from a comms center 8 blocks away"
Chevron's gas prices are expensive. Even with techron.
“Replace this old Gothic Church with a new one”. Horrifying.
Bikin video bahasa Indonesia dong 😅
Just unbelievable amazing on so many levels!!! 😅
18:54 67
The old Gothic Church was so much better than the lump of concrete that replaced it.
"We didn't want to spread terror through the community, we were terrorized"  - spoken like a  old white guy, classic  Perhaps the people who wouldn't be just terrorized in the disaster, but actually injured/killed would like to know about it before hand? Especially if it's entirely unavoidable.  This isn't an asteroid heading towards the earth that no one can do anything about. It's an actual risk, that has clear mitigation steps, and a disaster response plan could benefit all who are affected.    That's the part that sticks out most to be.  "Cool engineering story"? or another example of human arrogance.
Where have I been that I just discovered this channel with such good information?
How could they not consider quartering winds with columns/feet on the sides and not corners? The first thing they mention in the video is a chair with legs not in corners and how unstable it is. Should've been obvious this needed to be checked in this novel design
wow they ruined that church
I wish more people had that level of ethics.. its really sad today what people/businesses just write off.. sweep under the rug.. lets wait until their is a problem.
2:00 - Why did you choose a picture of Hugh Stubbins in front of a building he designed that collapsed? That's not very nice. ;-)
مبروك❤
They didn’t tell the public because they didn’t want a mass panic? No, they didn’t want a lawsuit.
Thank the Lord Donald Trump had nothing to do with the financials of this building, it would have been a totally different story from today
I want this guy to analyze how the two towers fell after getting hit by airplane
The ethics of good engineering can be applied to many more things - that responsibility comes from a good moral conscience that many people should strive to have and would make the world a little bit of a better place
gila sih 😮
Hanya Karena bangunan kecil sebuah gedung besar menjadi penuh problematika
The incident of him realizing his mistake and correcting it is also a complete fiction.
I have tested Saily, and it sucks. Seems to be using VPN-lines and the bandwidth is close to none.
im not religious but im a sucker for religious architecture and this is a crime
Badminton tonight            Level: MB - HB                        May u join us ? 🥑 Oops     Unity PRIMARY @ yew tee                                11/10 Sat 6-8pm 12/10 Sun 6-8pm 2 Slot  12pm Unity Sec @ yew tee 12/10 Sun 12pm-2pm
Azdim
I still would've used 3 standard foundation columns for safety redundancy... Rather safe than sorry & toss  ego / stylish pts aside.
Fascinating
Here's something I don't understand. How do you design a building like this, it's completely new and revolutionary and yet you didn't actually go see it get built. I mean he could have caught the problem very quickly if you actually went and looked at the thing while it was being built. He could have taken a look at those braces and said oh gee. There's a problem here. You guys are putting bolts and these need to be welded. I'm honestly shocked and amazed that he didn't actually go and see it get built.
How the f that building allowed by government 😂. Look at this building make me remember my 120 kg friend sit in a tiny vietnam chair, and what will come has come . Poor tiny chair 😂
18:50 67!!!!!
This is one of the best channels on yt gng
i wouldnt work under a 400 tons block of cheese
In 2005 the series Numb3rs did an episode on this: Structural Corruption. According to that script, the student jumped off a bridge.
عمل رائع تدارك المشكلة من بدري
that might be the worst looking church i have ever seen
I read this story in checklist manifesto
🎉
Wasn't this problem found by a woman student who was told not to bother with the problem by her elders, she went on with her hunch and asked Le Messurier and then it was worked on?
This was an extraordinary video. Bravo!
Where's my Boeing
Yıllar önce ben bunu bir belgeselde seyretmiştim. Mimarlık bölümünden okuyan öğrenciler mezun olunca ünlü binaların projelerini inceliyor bir tane bayan projeyi inceleyince hatalı olduğunu görüyor. Kimse inanmıyor. En sonunda toplantı yapıp kabul ediyorlar.
Lu belum tau struktur pondok al khoziny
❤❤❤❤❤
LOL he said TMD!!! (iykyk)
He didnt Lemeasure it right
Dünya'nın en saçma binası Türkiye'de Kahramanmaraş'taydı onu hatırlattı. Ama yıkıldı bina.
Bütün problemlerin kaynağı bir kilise! Dinler her zaman insanlığın başına dert oldu.😊
wow
Nothing is "entirely unique". The word "unique" is an absolute and cannot be modified by any word of degree. There is either only one of you, or there are more than one, you are not partially, entirely, completely, or any other degree of one. Your pronunciation of Le Messurier's surname is amusing, and would leave a Frenchman speechless! I think that the matter was well handled, although necessarily somewhat dishonest. Something so complex which requires such attention to detail to effect a repair, is best carried out without being surrounded by the panic which would have originated from an honest expose of the facts in the first place.
"lets save money because its formed the same"
For those that don't understand this video.....they Jimmy rigged the building 🏢
I don't know if I agree that covering this up from the general public was just a "white" lie. They were just planning to evacuate that many people on short notice? I think I would want to know about this problem if I was working in that building.
I barely understood a thing or two but i think its common sense that you can't try to cut corners and lower the costs on such buildings
I think 19:28  it is totally irresponsible to place advertisements in the center of this advert to target vulnerable people Surely U Tube are not that desperate for revenue.
TR: Hatasını felakete dönüşmeden önce görüp düzeltmiş. Bu Türk Ulusunda neredeyse hiç bilinmeyen bir davranış kalıbıdır.
14:17 why root 2 came here?
The name was ORIGINALLY "the most dangerous building in Manhattan"
You could say it was God's judgement for not preserving the beautiful cathedral, but then again, God does not care about the beauty of the outer temple, when the interior is filled with dead people acting pious. God is not an idol or an construct thought, but a living God who takes interest in the world he created who calculated from the beginning the pressures of sin and the solution of the cross to withstand the full measure the devil would throw at it to destroy this beautiful creation.
อนุญาติก่อสร้างได้ไง
It turns out that the most dangerous building is in the Islamic boarding school in Sidoarjo city. Indonesia 😢
the biggest tragedy in this video is replacing that gorgeous gothic church with a metal cube :/
This video is pure perfection, great job! �� Thanks for sharing, can’t wait for the next one!
اللهم لك الحمد حتى ترضى، ولك الحمد إذا رضيت، ولك الحمد بعد الرضا.
Such BS. It was a FEMALE architecture student who saved the day.
Türkiye'de OLMAYAN ŞEY: SORUMLULUK!
The man was definitely of the highest caliber to open up to the possibility that he may have gotten it wrong!
saved a quarter of a million by using bolts....ending up costing 4-5M more. geez.
belum tau indonesia mereka.
every how many years?
Yüksek yapıların yıkım planından bahsetmiyor. Bina eskidiğinde, çevredeki binalarla birlikte mi yıkılacak?
🤔I saw documentary that a female engineer student found the flaw
Who gave them the right to not tell people their lives were at risk? Dafuq..
Thank you
The cost of the repairs were skimmed over somewhat, but suggest the customer paid for them. If that's the case then that really is his greatest achievement. Get commissioned for a job, make a backside of it, customer pays to fix it, get made out to be a hero. Brilliant, brilliant work.
Tasarım güzel mantıklı ancak belki bir ek olarak yapay yüklemelerle kademeli olarak ağırlık merkezi düşey yönde olabildiğince aşağıya çekilebilseydi.. iş çok daha kolay olabilirdi. design was verygood but not perfect.. maybe centrel g point pushed to the low level solution ıt was  imaqulated...
No way they destroyed a freakin church to build a skyscraper :O In Poland that wouldnt slide, bc what's antique is protected so the would have to build around it
Ironically, I just came from a video about a flagrantly reckless doctor who refused to ever acknowledge what he was doing was wrong, and then I came here and watched this, and LeMessurier's firm made a horrible error but he OWNED it.
18:53 of course you would have that number in here…
So it’s the stupid churches fault.
Why use ai generated graphics? You could use stock photos, but y'all are also a huge channel so you could easily commission an artist if you really wanted custom graphics 😢
"It can now withstand a 1/1000 event".  ...oh, ok great
Should have turned the whole building 45 ° and have the columns on the corners.
Not even in performance parts for cars will bolts be just as good as welds. That was a very stupid mistake.
I lived in Manhattan and loved that old gothic church.
WELL this Issue wasn't really the architects fault, he wanted the Joints Welded but the contractor used Bolts instead.
Pretty insane that the structural engineer never took a site visit and noticed such a glaring difference.
so sad the old church was so pretty lord it horrid now
ขอบคุณเสียงพากย์ภาษาไทย❤️
Seems like citicorp wouldnt have to pay for the repairs.
Architekts quite often build stuff that is either ugly or non functional...
I greatly appreciate the integrity of this man to care about the lives and property of everyone enough to confront the mistakes and to do his best to correct the mistakes. However, I have learned enough from this video that if there is a catastrophic event such as a severe earthquake, a meteor strike or may God forbid a nuclear strike then cities with all of these skyscrapers are literally death traps. No amount of engineering prowess is ever going to stop this. Glad I am a country man.
Cool video idea, but you really didn't need to use AI art theft for visualization. (Check 17:59 - no human drew this clock)
Where did that architect graduate?
Yang menjadi masalah saat pembangunan gedung apakah pendeta disana tidak mengetahui resiko tersebut karena mengganggu pilar penyangga bukankah itu egois  ?
The man's name is *not* 'lur-measure' It is Le Messurier .   Le not lur.     Mess ur ee ay
This makes me question the twin towers collapse even more.  No way could I work in a sky scraper that moved when the wind blew.
şeriat isteyenler nerede :)) şeriat değil, vicdan ve ahlak isteyin, vicdan ve ahlak...
I find it amusing that if his firm had actually followed the schematics as designed, this likely would have never been an issue. But instead they decided to cheap out, then used too few bolts to support the building against strong winds from an expected direction.
nothings screams "america" more than corporations endangering a whole city for the sake of saving a couple million dollars
He said "thai pun" instead of typhoon
18:53 😨
Thanks!
I'd say one visit to a local pub and he'd known just how easy it is to make a towering one legged chair stable as a rock simply by expanding the base. He should ask for a 7 year refund from his university 😂
Probably a dumb question, but why did they weld on additional plates, instead of just adding 10 more bolts?
about the burden of personal design responsibility - relax, AI will take care of this in the future
18:48
They have to find a way to give credit to a woman no matter what, despite it being a guy who reported the problem to Lemeasure.  So many white knight simps in anything engineering.  Reminds me of Madam Curie getting her first Nobel Prize because she lived in the house where her husband was doing the work.  She was never listed as any part of the project.  But some white knight dude demanded she be added to her husband's Nobel prize.  The entire Nobel prize was in her husbands field of work, not hers.
crazy
They definitely should have kept the old church. The new one sucks.
It wasn't his mistake. They switched to bolts without informing him.
لماذا لم يسكت وكان المبني سوف يسقط !! كان هذا رائعا لو سقط علي الجميع 😢😢😢😢
67..?
This story is a lesson on engineering ethics for the sake of the safety of human lives. There needs to be more politician ethics.
Covering their ass by not telling anyone and letting the office workers go to work as though nothing is wrong.  Business as usual.
18:54 SIX SEVEN
So you never answer if the buildings supports had been welded as initially intended, would there still have been a problem?
hay
28:30  WAS AN FEMALE Student   but for an crap excuse of Thumbnail optimization   @Veritasium crew choses an male
It's hysterical how people are getting so twisted about tearing down that nasty old church.
gross to me how they destroyed the beautiful church
The voiceover reminds me of my childhood watching documentaries on holidays.
Wow great video. I grew up in NYC and worked blocks away from the CitiCorp building.  Who knew. Thank you.
Thanks for the Turkish audio track❤
Aku berharap semua video veritasium di sulih suara ke indonesia, sangat keren, saya sangat menyukai penjelasannya yang detail & menarik
I expected the video would be in English..
Such a beautiful old church destroyed over that plastic crap
That's the best name for an engineer i have ever heard.
عندما تكون حياة الناس ارخص من الف دولار ، قال ذعر اي ذعر
What a monumental ugly project and replacing the beautiful church that needed updates with a big barren pimple of a building. Ridiculous.  Modern man breathes no life into architecture. Buildings are now symbols of the mentally dead and the imprisoned modern man.
How the fkkkk can you say he was ethical when he left the population in the red danger ZONE. Hypocrisy at it's finest! He and the CEO of whatever corps should have been jailed for endangering the public! Shame on him and all the people that covered it up!
End of thw story: he was a piece of crap that got away with his crimes. May he not rest in peace
Kok iso ilham
16:50   😬
Vật lý thật kì diệu
I don't want to go anywhere near that building ever in my life. Or really any skyscrapers for that matter.
10:49 - Sears.  The name you are looking for the tallest building in the world in 1977 is "Sears Tower."  If it was bought several decades later and changed for some stupid reason that's something else. But in 1977, it was Sears. I also hazard that The Trump Building was named something different in 1977, and re-named later. I don't know as much about that one, but I'm guessing.
Reis ebenin amından başlatmasan güzel videolar yapıyon
67?! 18:55
What if there is a power cut!
These are the kind of information I expect youtube to suggest not BS content.
I had to do an essay on this in 6th grade for the end of the year test
William LeMessurier = a true hero 🫡.
I heard 67 😔🔫🥀
I wonder what shape the most effective but also usable kind of building would have in terms of height possibility, probably a huge pyramid or cylinder I guess?
He should have added cables where the columns skipped. Then they would maintain tension under those conditions, but still allow the chevrons to support the gravity force.
Glorifying a literal criminal...
مقطع جميل 🤩
Saily was dope drop on this for gangster nerdy ass
Is the goal to mispronounce "LeMessurier" as many times as possible?
There’s this guy, and there’s the people who built the Sampoong Department store in Seoul S. Korea…
This could have been New York's own "Titanic"... instead they were fortunate enough to discover the mistake before it could become a tragedy.
67 years?
I wish more people understood this effect of doing the right thing.
I still think the architects should be drawn and quartered for what they did to that beautiful church
For a quality weld to work, the weld faces must be free of paint/primer, rust/oxidation and any type of coating or galvanization. Iron Girders used in building and bridge construction are all galvanized ! Any money you invest in this building is a DEAD INVESTMENT !
18:52 I just can't escape it...
What I can’t believe is that they are not giving the credit to the right person. The student engineer who made this discovery was not a male student. It was a female. Please look this up and make an apology for this engineer. Her name is Diane Hartley. Even chat gpt knows about this. Unbelievable. Give her credit and reach out to her specifically.
i think the church had something to do with the series of miracles they enjoyed. i mean come on, a strange student calls? the newspapers go on strike? THE HURRICANE TURNS??!?!?!
They where welding additional steel plates after everyone left building (so nobody can see ) and they fixed back walls before office workers came next morning....means  thru all that time and before   building was not safe,no comment.
Citicorp (or Citicorp's insurance) paid for the repairs, not LeMessier's firm (or the firm's insurance)?
How does someone running a church get to decide t oknock a wonderful old buidling down to get a box?
In a parallel universe somewhere, this is a disaster video instead of a "how this building was saved" video.
muhteşem bir belgesel kanalı bu kanalı dünyadaki herkesin izlemesi gerekli çok bilgilendirici, verdiğiniz bilgiler için ne kadar teşekkür etsem azdır.
Andele pusi
can you make more video with Viet dub cause i want to understand ty ❤
he did the right thing by speaking up.
Diane Hartley
That was a beautiful church. The US is all about profit
This should be a movie. 🫢
The Guilty People are the ones who Cut Costs by substituting welding with not enough cheap bolts. Let alone HSB's..
So wind can make a building fall sideways but a plane makes it fall downward?   hmmm🤔
ไทยโทษฮวงจุ้ย
Dublaj çok iyi oldu, teşekkürler.....
tl;dr: when you cut corners at critical infrastructure. welcome to capitalism
“Old crumbling gothic church” that looked 1000x better than the remake does.
Engineering isn't pi=3. This is engineering.
Thật phi thường! Trách nhiệm với bản thân.
If only big pharma companies had ethics too...🎉😢
The same method is used by trees in nature.  The weight of the branches are beared by the center stem of the tree because the branches make angle with the stem.
‼️‼️😫UGLY, UGLY ‘new’ church. It’s now an ugly wedge of brutalist-style stone blocks, sitting in a fraction of the footprint of the original. If the pastor was so insistent on keeping it in its original location, why would he allow the beautiful gothic church to be wiped off the face of the earth? 🧐🧐😒 $$$$ Money talks💰💰💸‼️ I doubt it was ‘crumbling’ and even if it was, Citicorp could have repaired it as part of the deal. The greedy church will have received mega $$$ for the sale of the air rights above it. How sad!!
👏👏👏👏
That's the ugliest church building i've ever seen...and the old one was gorgeous....
ตึก สตง. ในไทย ผู้เกี่ยวข้องต่างพากันปัดความรับผิดชอบ
Hope the team and it's leader that calculated the bolts never got another job. It's pretty dumb to assume winds only blow at 90 degrees only - and swapping welds with bolts without telling the chief architect is criminal - especially when they clearly used the least number of bolts they could get away with.
Did I mention I got a C- in physics 🤡? And I can still understand what the video is saying, cool!
I like to watch this video sometimes to remind myself of human errors and owning mistakes for the greater good.
bet that church busy🤣
Didn't the engineer (LeMessurier) who built this massive building ever take a tour of the building during its construction? Didn't he ever witness bolts being used instead of welds? Didn't he ever ask, "What are you doing here?" "I didn't use bolts here; I said we should use welding."
The first time I saw this building was I was walking around taking pictures. I stopped n wondered who in the right mind would build something like this. Now I know. N the story is even crazier than I imagined.
I am currently working in the same building 😵‍💫😵‍💫
The church was diabolical... Why would the pastor even insist on doing it like this... Just sell it or dont. Theres no co-existing..
LeMessurier, or how his colleagues called him after the event: Less Measures 😂
This building is being unfairly criticized, as if there were no surrounding structures shielding it from the wind. Like penguins in the polar regions, it stands at the center, and I believe it will not suffer any wind damage unless the surrounding buildings collapse.
18:55 67
18:53 ...
why wouldn't you just make a pyramid with the stilts to distribute the weight and forces equally?
Biz o yıllarda birbirimizi öldürüyorduk sağ sol davarında  halk olarak ne eişekmişiz 😂
18:45 looks like a Leninist Lofi-girl
18:55 its everywhere
great documentary thank you somuch sir , can i use afew of it for an information reel about civil engineering  as it has alot of useful animations and sketchs for my video i will also mention your channel
Again, woman save the world and yet they don't have a single female in this video
I may be wrong, but it could be explained simply. If you have winds (forces from zx) , would you build your card house with vertical lines or with diagonal? They thought - with diagonal, but they have forgotten that there is a gravity ( xy), so your diagonal line already on a halfway under it, unlike the vertical.
Diane Hartley sounds like she's pretty smart. I'm glad they mentioned her.
Typical bias, when the Structural engineer brought out an incredible design and everybody thought was it was magnificent the architect was rather rewarded for nothing but when there was a problem the Structural Engineer was the one they blamed.   You see how hypocritical everyone is.?
9:10 lol😂😂😂
Which type of animation is used throughout the video?
I think 'the church' should have been more concerned with the creation or restoration of something beautiful than on its precise location.
God bless BL. The world needs more of that type of moral character and fortitude. Thank God he spoke up!
That's a deeply flawed building.
I stopped watching at the mention of replacing the "old crumbling gothic church".
I think Michael Scofield was inspired through him
This is the thread we hang on.  Can you imagine if this guy passed away within a year of building completion?  This never would have been discovered.
Your interviewee at the beginning of this piece referred to the student as a man. Do better.
Mistakes happen. It’s how you respond that matters.
It is great that he took responsibility for finding a solution. But by keeping it secret, he delayed NYC updating their building code to include quartering wind calculations for 17 years. Although unlikely, it was certainly possible that another design could have included the same vulnerability during that time.
The kind of video I need when I can't sleep
my brother in Christ, you get 20M views, i got 6 ads during the video, and then there is the freaking sponsor in the middle, how greedy can you be lol
According to what I saw, that tower would need at least 23 bolts for it to be safe from those strong winds, and it only had 4.
why are all these calculations and "ah ha" moments being done after the fact?
from the title i was like" you need 33 minutes to tell us that?" but I enjoyed it 😉
Çok teşekkür ederim bunu türkçe dublaj yaptiğiniz için
“Old crumbling church” to be replaced by a nondescript concrete box. Yet Europe’s REAL gothic churches still stand. Long after this building is taken down those European churches will stand.
67
22:53 That is 1000%  Chuck from Better call Saul.   What the heck?
Not having columns at the corners of the building was an idiotic building concept from the beginning.
"old crumbling gothic church" ... replaced by a bunker -__-'
18:54 say that again…
18:52 67 🫴🫴🥀😭🙏
Citicorp fixed it, realized long term they did not want the risk of losing so many people, and a lot of people internally were pissed their lives were in danger without being told, and so they sold it.  And that was the solution for Citicorp.
din gene hayatları mahvetmek için elinden geleni yapmış.
Please make shorter videos too - 5 mins, 7 mins durations
i was just listening thinking his name was leMeasure.
Sad this video didn’t mention Diane Hartley, the Princeton engineering student who found out about this problem first but was dismissed by the engineers, most likely because she was a woman
Citicorp has an MC plot armour fr. Lots of close calls but still sootd firm.
I have infinitely more confidence in people who admit their mistakes than people who pretend they've never made one
he prefers(the one who designed the building)talking than a lot of lives lost
Assumption is the mother of all f-ck ups.
The disaster  was to destroy the gothic church
I want to know the name of the REAL HERO in this story -- the bureaucrat or politician that signed off on the building staying occupied during repairs, and the additional risk to surrounding structures, without taking a single dollar in payoff money.   My guess is that this hero is fictional and they did this without inspectors or city approval since it took New York until after the article to change the code.  It must be nice being a white collar criminal.
Oops
What did the student ask?
It just seems crazy that this incident is held up as good corporate citizenship when it seems mostly the opposite.  Yes, they fixed the mistake when identified but you should only get points if you choose to fix something even though the bean counters say it would be cheaper to pay out in fines and lawsuits.  A collapsed skyscraper in NYC had no realistic upper bounds on risk so HAD to be fixed - ergo no points.  Also, when the structural engineer is so scared that they're suicidal you can safely assume that it is questionable morals that they're telling "white lies", and joking about it later, that the plebes who lived and worked around the tower didn't need to know the danger.  They weren't worried about people being trampled in a panic.  They didn't want the cost of the public black eye, the lawsuits sure to follow from surrounding businesses, and the costs of moving operations out of the building until the giant safely violation was fixed.
It’s real trouble. The building looks very dangerous
Let illegals live there and don’t say a word 😂
The church ⛪ got a raw deal. That's the ugliest church I've seen.
18:50 67
now lets Talk about: building 7 how could it collapse in its own Footprint?   which other sky scraper collapsed in the same as both the twin towers did, after a plane hit?
Canadian engineers wear a steel ring on their pinky finger made from metal from a collapsed bridge to remind them as they sign off on a design that they have responsibility for the quality and safety of their work.
As soon as 18:55 happened I came to the comments in disappointment know what was gonna be said
stop f'n changing video titles!!
What a legend to acknowledge his mistake and work to correct it.
18:50 𝙺𝙴𝙽𝙳𝚁𝙸𝙲𝙺 𝙸𝚂 𝙻𝙸𝚂𝚃𝙴𝙽𝙸𝙽𝙶...
Responsibility runs through my veins , not by choice, but by nature
My understanding was that a female student asked a question about the structure and he realized that he had made an oversight.
As an Architect, this is a very Interesting documentary.
That last comment reminds me of why I've always had an issue with the term 'software engineer' being used by people with no real engineering background.  No real training in rigor, ethics, etc that any real engineering discipline has to go through.  Maybe it's gatekeeping, but he isn't wrong about the weight that term carries with it.  Unless programmers have been through the same kind of universal engineering training and certifications that any other engineering discipline has been, it doesn't feel right to use that word.  And this is coming from a professional software developer, but it may be because I dual majored in computer science and computer engineering and have seen what goes into both sides of that.
It was a test for 911
enter the 9 11 conspiracies, what was done overnight in the towers?
wtf of course a bolt is worse than a weld.
Yea I thought the same decades ago before the internet
I personally don't like that companies and organizations focus so much on covering up mistakes. I believe this is the cause of many problems from companies that produce toxic materials covering them up, organizations with employees or members committing abuse (like the catholic church s abuse of minors), and organizations that are having financial issues covering it up and using either predatory practices/cutting corners/using financial juggling like Ponzi schemes which build up the issue until when it collapses the result is much worse.
It’s almost like saving money puts peoples lives at risk
I think if the church had left, there had been no problems.
Your videos are so good, I FORCE my kid to watch them... and he likes them.
imagine tearing down a beutiful Gothic church for that ugly mess. I miss gothic structures. we need 40k.
The fact that they lied and hid it is... terrifying.
Ya that new church looks like ass
That old gothic church was much more beautiful than the new building.
1:49 That second one is not a church. There is no god there. It is an empty box. They took something beautiful, religious or not, and replaced it with an excuse.
This career artist / designer / builder says:  It looks like (bad) boardroom creativity.
Why destroy a beautifully built church and create some weird box?  It is happening in many places.  Years ago I saw how old Chruches were sold to other communities, even LGBT organization the built a skating place inside it.  From North America to South America to Europe.  Old Churches are destroyed because of "financial" issues.  WILLFUL ACTS!
That church should have never been torn down. I’m a staunch atheist but even I think this entire monstrosity should have never been erected. It should have ended right there.
Can we credit Diane Hartley for saving hundreds of thousands of life’s or are we going to keep referring this student as him. Citicorp offered her 10 thousand dollar stipend that was dropped after pointing out that her calculations were 40% lower than the blueprint. 😢
The difference between an individual and a government concerning responsibility is that when thousands of people die due to an individual's actions, guilt is felt. When thousands of people die due to government actions, there is no guilt and taxes are increased
dude they absolutely RUINED that church
Well his name is Lemeasure after all 😂😅
Henry van Dyck??? Like similar to Jeff van Dyck??????
ระวังแต่ลมแสดงว่าโอกาสโดนแผ่นดินไหว ไม่มีเลย
So a church can be demolished and rebuilt in the same spot but can’t be moved to another location, probably few blocks away ?
حدث كل ذالك بسبب القسيس الغبي ماذا كان سيحدث اذا اصبحت الكنيسه جزء من المبنى
To this day I hold Le Messurier in the same standing as Lucio Costa. Without out them you can argue others would've filled their shoes, but it is undeniable that architecture and construction wouldn't be where it is now without their presence and achievements.
I wonder wouldn't it be easier to just add bolts on site, instead of welding? The video never shows the actual connection that was reinforced. And yes Lemessier had made a mistake, his initial calculations were off, no matter whether connections were bolted or welded. Another question is, how were the diagonal members calculated? By my understanding, those members were well over dimensioned, since they could withstand far greater loads than initially calculated. Ok, they were calculated for the bigger component of compression than tension, latter being relatively smaller of the two, so i guess the members were fine in that sense. I am a structural engineer myself, definetly not of such caliber of course, but i have had some close calls too, and i know that feeling of balancing on knife's edge and working tirelessly to fix my own mistakes, not a good feeling at all.
"No one wanted a panic", honestly felt more like they didn't want anyone to know they were risking the lives of thousands of people and the lawsuits that would follow. Oh an a hurricane was on it's way to potentially destory it. Well let's keep hiding the fact and then on the down low warn and move people xD Still kudos for fixing the problem.
LATER IN THE COMMENTS someone rightly identifies the first person to point out the problem in her thesis.  Diane never made a fuss about her discovery but she may have suffered some professional regression as a result of her astute observations.
LATER IN THE COMMENTS someone rightly identifies the first person to point out the problem in her thesis.  Diane never made a fuss about her discovery but she may have suffered some professional regression as a result of her astute observations.
18:54
one can not help but wonder what if a 911 type terrorist attack involved this building?
Er tuned mass dampeners were used in large towers in ancient japan and china Hundreds of years ago
What a joke reppacing that beautiful old church with that....thing  Most modern architecture truily are just the most bland and generic shapes made by construction companies so that they can cut the cost on details and designing and make an eyesore to look at.
Uhm 18:58
Le measurer
You should not have emphasized the energy dissipated through friction at 5:36. Not that it's wrong, but they way you emphasize it makes it seem like that's a key component at how this system works.
It's funny how the contractor and engineering firm made the change to save money. Compare that to the San Francsico to Oakland Bay Bridge. It was estimated to cost $250 Million, and take 6 years to build.... instead it took them 20 years to build it and it only cost $6,500 Million (6.5 Billion). Don't tell me contractors were taking a bit on the side, after the politicians took their cut.
Im sure it would've just fell at free fall speed 🤷‍♂️
They should have kept that beautiful old church. What the heck is that monstrosity?
When it comes to skyscrapers, I would rather my building rely on the tried and the true, and not be on the "cutting edge of structural engineering."
I"m not sure how I feel about a bunch of executives and engineers losing sleep at night and sweating bullets while they just hope and pray the repairs get done in time with a hurricane bearing down on it and then saying "white lies are moral because we don't want to cause a panic".  Maybe a panic was the appropriate response to tens of thousands of people living and working in a deathtrap. I mean, they're out there so stressed and worried but they weren't the ones who'd be killed.
We engineers know about  that moment when you realize you screwed up with some calculation and the mental stress that this involves. This man is an example of integrity and above all bravery. This is a great vid. Should be shown to all engineering students.
not a fan of how this video washes away the notion of "they should've told the public". it's not just a "clever quirk" of this story that private companies can be aware of a risk to the lives of thousands and decide to keep it from them.
It was 20 years before this was made public and then the building code was updated? What if another structure was designed and built without considering quartering winds in that time?
18:53 !
bruh just straight copied form polish youtuber wiliextreme
There's always a risk of this sort of thing when you do something truly unique. Hopefully, with modern physics simulating software, this is easier to test while it's still just an idea.
“Shear” miscalculation and lack of quality control between bolts vs welds 😂😂😂
It is heartwarming to see how fast the corporation reacted to the information and fixes were applied.  It's the opposite of what we expect from large organizations who often would hesitate.  On the other hand, the engineer was extremely clear and informed in his warning.  It is still scary to be honest.
There may be an interesting lesson in working with people and figuring out how to work together on a massive project and scale to be learned. The church board and congregation meetings might have been interesting. I'm intrigued. I wish I could've sat quietly in the corner when they were deciding the new church design. It's also possible they were already on board and open in alignment to whatever...like it was divinely appointed in place and time. The challenge, panic, grey area ethics?..or correct ethics?...in between somewhere? The inner turmoil and test of character, ego, pride, mathematics, Engineering know how. The resiliance to stare down paralyzing fear and whether suicide would be the way out. Chosing to live and  fix the situation. Embracing the moment with bold courage and pragmatic practical action. Integrity and coordination of effort covertly to emergency repair was a defining character building saga for the engineer and team of those knowing what was happening. The grand scale of the situation and help through phone calls, scrutiny, heads up for future issues, etc...forced brilliant and clever solutions. Moments of grace and bought time: The storm of destruction changing course or dying down. The journalists strike to turn away from using Project Serene as defined by hostile journalists to destroy the Engineering Firm. The story is bigger then the project managment and feat of innovative engineering and calculations. It's a story of how exceptional humanity can be inspite of our flaws and limitations. The Lord worked on and for many people in an interesting way through that whole endeavor. The Project was on Purpose for A Purpose.
I'm really appreciate for this video ,thank you for sharing👌
24min 22 sec of video. Time when iPhone flashes red IR light seen only by camera lens. Is it bad for the eyes because it flashes to much time in a minute, and it is a strong light specally in night time?
Damn, I wasn't looking for a 30min amazing video. But I got stuck once again in your stories. Thanks Veritasium!
this really feels like a lot of people went trough a lot of trouble just to down grade the buildint to save a lot of money
It wasn't his mistake it was the engineers who went with bolts
Hurricane Season.. 😒 the East Coast sucks
67?
all this work just to look terrible
what a downgrade for st peters church
Main problem: unnecessary and stupid design trying to be artsy instead of smart and practical.
I would love a movie on this. With John Lithgow.
Imagine how much like this is going on that no one will ever know. Conspiracy isent real. No secrets can be kept.. yeah right
Capitalism tried to kill a bunch of people by making more profit, scientist saves the day.  There I fixed it for you.
Yeah, they use those type of words, old, crumbling, among many other words when they want to destroy something. It may have not been crumbling. Who knows. There isn’t any real proof.
i hate my generation, i was so focused on the video then this came up 18:48
2:00 that looks like the congress hall in berlin (known to the locals as the pregnant oyster)
Boston bus tour guide told an anecdote of a notorious insurance building whose top floor windows kept falling out due to wind. The insurance company threatened to sue the architect for malpractice. Turned out the architect had the said insurance company to cover malpractice lawsuits. A corporate version of a Mexican standoff.
The only crime here is destroying the old, beautiful church.
I would love to hear that phone conversation between Citicorp’s CEO and AT&T’s😅
21:14 that was a Soprano move
That was fascinating. Thank you!
If I understand correctly they only relied on calculation of a few simplified cases (perpendicular wind) and did not use a wind tunnel on a model in the first place? Why? That sounds insane, if it is a type of simulation that was readily available.
What a wonderful video. And thank you for the visual countdown on the ad! I love that you’re being transparent. 😊
So let me get this straight...."the structure engineer of the building" did not over engineer from the top known wind speeds........so the structure engineer failed one of the first safety check step when designing these type of buildings.......not a good engineer. Did he do his training in China or something????
so it was his fault, how is that man not fired?
Thank you Derek for that story. As a matter of fact, your sponsor Saily business is based on the properties of eSIM cards built in cellphone, watches, etc. I happen to have designed and coded the application and its database that guarantees world-wide that there are no two eSIMs alike with the same encryption key pairs, making each eSIM world-wide unique. I designed it alone, initially to address a low volume of chips. Then, production rose to billions that had to be supported by my unique design. The stress of responsibility nearly killed me. I ended up my carrer categorized as "invalid" by the social security administration. Nearly ten years after I laid down the architectural principle that 98,000 lines of code application is based upon still proved to be a right one. However, retired, I'm still on a daily dose of tranquilizers.
Why do they only after the news article change the code🤦‍♀️
The biggest mistake was in not preserving the original church!
That building was held together by a hope and a prayer from the church below.  God prevented the devastation.
Something here I cant get my head around.. If the issue was Diagnonal wind hitting hard, why o why not place a curvature alluminum siding along all diagonals?  Less hassle, quick and easy..
who's here in the 6'7 era...............................   (he said 6'7 years at 18:57)
Di indonesia banyak yang ngaku arsitek konsultan profesional tapi yang ngerjain mahasiswa. ada ja  alasannya. kemarin terbukti desain sebuah gedung bangunan pondk pesantre hancur dan mengubur para santrinya, kasus ini harusnya jadi cermin untuk semua arsitek dan para kontraktor konsultan pembangunan
Actually the structural engineer didn’t discover the flaw.  A graduate architecture student did.  At first he didn’t want to listen until she showed him mathematical models.
Just get to the point. Not everyone wants to watch 30 minutes strait to understand what it is about!
How did a "student" question save this skyscraper... I didn't see this?
Frankly, I’m amazed that they didn’t consult NYC’s own stable real estate genius about the problem. It could have been solved ‘in a minuté, or in at least two weeks!
There's 2 types of engineers: the designer and the construction engineer. The construction engineer should have consulted the designer for ANY changes that want to make, especially for such high buildings.
BRO YOU CAN'T MAKE CHANGES TO A DESIGN WITHOUT CONSULTING THE DESIGNER.  If its a weld, it should be a weld, not a bolt.
this host is gorgeous
A church caused the domino affect and amazingly it wasn’t even about the original church structure 🥹
As a structural engineer, the upload date makes it feel like a personal gift from Veritasium about my most favorite engineering subject. Thank you.
I like how they thought in the 70s: „lets not tell anyone, lets avoid the panic. Yes, it can indeed fall and kill everyone. But lets not inform the public“. 😮
I mean... they claim they didn't check because quartering winds are almost always less loading than face loading, but as a Mechanical Engineer me and my other peers know you check ALL cases... but I guess that's why they're Civi's and we're Mechys ;)
You know what's scary as hell? Imagine if this exact problem happened NOW. With the current political climate we're living in, where there's a big chance you go to one of the top officials to explain the problem, and just out of dumbness they decide to ignore every single protocol.
there was not a 1/16 chance that it would fall. thats only if the power is out.
Every how many years does the storm hits?
cool as vid
As Dilbert once said, every engineer's great career goal is to reach retirement without being blamed for an engineering flaw that results in the death of hundreds of innocent people.
They replaced that beautiful "old, crumbling gothic church" with that hideous lump of concrete? What a crime.
"Good engineering ethics" = if you screw up hide it and fix it secretly?
how many years?
every how many years?
Meh if it looks like it it's going to fall down it probably will
If only trump and the republicon party were as aware of their responsibility as this and took responsibility and took action like this. We would be a far better place than we are now.
Congratulations Mr. Subbins.  You created, perhaps, the most ugly worship space imaginable.  Your "style" of architecture is bereft of religious meaning and cold.  It's everything that is wrong with religious architecture today.  Just horrible.
they replaced a church with an oversized dumpster
OMG! Riveting!
Good grief... modern architecture... 1:38 ... Good Lord what have they done to that!
As an atheist I want to say what they did to that church is an abomination.
The tv show Numbers had an episode based off this.
Wow I’m not even religious and tearing down that beautiful church made me sad. Especially because they instead made it the ugliest building I’ve ever seen
If only everyone were so responsible for their creations.
Everyone who challenges themselves make mistakes. If you don't make mistakes, it just means that you're not evolving. How people respond to their mistakes is probably one of the best indicators of character and integrity you can find.
This whole video just proves Him right
Disgusting sacrilegious gothic sacrifice 1:59
18:52 SIX SEVENNNNNN
"why would anybody think of diagonal winds??" -_- me literally 30 seconds into the video being like hmmmm what about angled winds 🤔🙄
1:40 i see the Combine have taken over the church
Tl;dr: LeMessier didn't measure the side wind
Was just sitting around and brought this up the other day. Now it's in my YouTube food. Hey, if there's something important you should it should be accessible. There's a one sentence at the top and then a paragraph of advertisements and then more information which renders it impossible to grab in a screen capture and share to woder audience   Understand the need for revenue income but the description should be just that a description at the top put the advertisements down below
It is a shame they did not restore the old Gothic church instead. They are especially uncommon in the US and I love that particular architecture style. And unfortunately for the new building, I really don't like that particular style. I think it's ugly and the architects from that time tend to have a bit of a superiority complex in my experience. Obviously plenty were nice, humble people but dang, lot of them were really proud and overly defensive of their big ugly blocks.
I'm not convinced by LeMessier , the fact they didn't alert NYC authorities,  so regulations started to include corner winds decades earlier is a huge ethical flaw.
Terrible editing..
Saw this video and was wondering how many such buildings could have been built  without proper codes in NY.  so I came back here to this video when the next day some high rise apartment partially collapsed in Bronx
It's always contractor's fault for not listening to Structural Engineer! Even here in the Philippines.
To be honest city corp were pretty decent about it all, most companies would sue and make it a massive deal.
Even the smartest of us will make mistakes, owning up and fixing it and taking accountable is noble and ethical!
Do you remember when you had me change every single screw on the exterior of the hospital😂😂😂
Old church was much cooler. It’s a shame architects aren’t artists anymore. Oh well, grey boxes for the rest of our lives..
You see 'old, crumbling gothic church'. I see beautiful historic building emblematic of its time.
It's sad that this sort of thing is considered "career ruining", honestly. Because what it does is create a system where people don't step forward and dig their head in the sand, as we've seen with several critical engineering failures more recently where they've refused to accept fault or mistakes and its led to disaster and loss of life. This guy is amazing for stepping up and doing everything he can to alter the miscalculations, I'm glad he's held up as right and good for his actions.
Fascinating story - but skyscrapers are ruining cities across the globe at no point in this is it considered that they are disliked by some.
It’s a shame they destroyed that beautiful church.
Why would anyone not consult the designer about changing welds to bolts
LeMesurier - the one who who mesures - very apt no
Le Measure
They should have built around the church - what is there now is a travesty of architecture and yet - seems miracle after miracle saved that towering building
I just love those videos. But could that happen with modern simulation software ? I mean u put your structure in the tool then simulate all the kind of winds.
Fascinating stuff yet here I am working as a laborer In construction 😢
😂😂😂😂😂😂 احس انه يختلق مشاكل ليحصل عقد إصلاحات كلما خلصين إصلاح اخترع مشكلة ثانية
I read an article written by the architectural student who said that recent tests have shown that the repairs to the building may not have been needed.
It was not his mistake (they modified his plans) but it was his responsability in certain ways.  To own up to that responsability and do the right thing even at the risk of personal ruin should be considered a higher honour than anything because that would potentially save lives.  Too often economics, status, image- preservation etc overtakes that human responsability.  When it does, the shame should be the greatest of all except for the shame connected to deliberate malevolance and exploitation/hurt of/to others. That too would save lives.  Why do we too often make heroes of those winning... they already have their reward. Let us value those who do the right thing no matter the personal cost and value that moral more than the glowing sparkling image of surface strength, success and beauty.  Let us value ppl who follow the inner moral compass more than the one who only shames if the wrongdoings are exposed. We would gain so much!
I know a huge roof of a church that regularily has 1000s of ppl several times a day 7 days a week. The architect was part of the residents praying in that church. He said that he sometimes had nightmares of that roof collapsing... It is structurally sound but he still felt the weight of the responsability... keep ppl safe...
16:17 why are these being subtracted?
This was also in a crime show called "Numbers" years ago, the whole show is interesing, crime solved by math, give it a watch if you can find it
Just a reminder that this all could have been avoided, given the hubris of man was absent in this structures creation.
pretty outstanding when an engineer - someone that HAS to imagine every possible situation therefore says, he cant imagine being in that situation. That is pretty surreal to give context to people like me, with minimal construction knowledge in comparison (concreter)  as to what le'messurier must've been feeling  crazy stuff
you played ringtone in the ad section..twice. automatic dislike.
18:50 Brace for impact
18:55 67 mentioned
So… the original design as specified by the original engineer would have been fine, but someone else decided to modify it to use bolts instead of welding to save some money.  Luckily the mistake was identified in time.
So for close to 2 decades (~27:00), they were ok with other buildings being built all around the world without safe "building codes checks" on quartering winds? Their conscience was ok with that?🙁
They designed this thing with slide rules, at least by modern standards.  Modern CAD software would make it incredibly difficult to repeat this type of mistake.
He keeps saying Kilom Meters... how many washing machines is this?
I now need to know how SpiderMan was factored into this.
Once again religion causes problems.
67 years
67 Years
You are not a structural engineer, it could have been a much better video.......nobody talks in tons for design loads or pressure....haha...still love the show, I did not know this, ...I have seen silly structural engineers mistakes ...human error due to incorrect, simplistic valuations and mistakes...I worked in the old PAN AM building in 1981, and it creaked loudly when the wind blew down 5th, avenue..LOL
The stilts are the ugliest part of this building. It would have been nicer if they cut off the corner where the church is.
YOU ARE A LIAR, YOU MENTION A STUDENTS QUESTION IN.THE TITLE THEM COMPLETELY REMOVE HER FROM THE VIDEO AND MAKE OUT THE ENGINEER FIGURED THIS OUT.  HE ALSO WAS NOT SUPRISED IT WAS BOLTED IT WAS DESIGNED THST WAY HE NEVER CONSIDERED A DIAGONAL WIND LOAD.  STOP LYING AND YOUR COVER UP.  THIS CAUSED ME TO UNSUBSCRIBE FROM YOUR LYING CHANNEL
Thumbnail looks like Eminem wearing a disguise
Old crumbling church - shows the type of church that is so beautiful but is also dying out from being destroyed. Uh huh. Surrrreeeee. -.-  The replacement church is just a block.
i empathed so hard with him that the the pressure makes my stomach hurt just by watching this video.
New church looks like the back of a computer monitor
Could the TMD on top produce electrical energy in a manner similar to wave generators ?
As an Alumni of New Jersey Institute of Technology, I feel really proud for the student who made that call. Great video!!
Wait that toilet block was a CHURCH? THAT was what they replaced that beautiful architecture with??
I'm more intrigued as to why it is OK to have a single person vet the design for the whole thing. Like, yes I know he had a whole team with him to kind of check the calculations but. Couldn't we have a group of engineers to collectively take responsibility for the design via some sort of unanimous vote? Idk, relying on a single person seems kind of outdated and relies on the old "masterman" philosophy.
So, we're just gonna gloss over how that classic, beautiful gothic church was torn down and had that hideous, horrible, ugly THING put in its place, huh?
The building still looks dodgy. It's perched  on a square half the size (area) of its upper floor cross section. Who knows in another few years, another student might come up with a new problem.
But how can you forget the fact that wind can hit the building from all sides?? 😭
Structural change orders to save money stress me out for this reason
18:52 67?
28:08 This might be true for modern-day TMDs, but Japan had TMDs (pendulum style) in their pagodas over 14 centruies ago
The design was fine! The subcontractor who substituted bolts for welds screwed it up!
The old gothic church was way better looking than what they replaced it with.
I remember studying this case for my PE license, it's a common case study in engineering ethics. It's the exact opposite of what NASA did with the Challenger and Columbia disasters.
It's outrageous. Destroying art for *that* pos.
Wahnsinnig interessant, niemals gesehen, niemals darüber nachgedacht.
👍
So the TLDR is someone decided they could save money, didn't run that up the chain, did it, and then cost more than 4 times what they saved in undoing their "cost cutting."
It's crazy to me that you can just tear down old buildings in the US. In the UK, demolishing a church would be near impossible 😢
Hiliarious that all this was needed instead of just building a proper base.
“Old crumbling gothic church” is still a Gothic church, you pubes.
wow, this video is no more less than a nail biting thriller movie.
You know what's crazy? Women could never do this.
As someone who works in NYC construction, yes this is very on par lol
excellent review of events
A great test of ego to get a call from a student and actually double check instead of blowing off the student. Imagine doing the check to find out no one did what you said to do. Worse, imagine not having done the check at all.  The movie Towering Inferno was the exact same situation. Corners were cut and disaster.
all of this just to include the world's ugliest church...
That architect failed hard. Let an engineer take the lead on the design and push engineering limits for what was ultimately a very minor design feature. All that while destroying a beautiful gothic building that should have been preserved. Very lucky that nothing happened, and that everyone involved weren't sued into oblivion.
Good thing he "Le measured" those stress values again amirite
18:53 67😂😂😂😂
this would  be a great movie actually
The replacement church looks like a bin lid.
They replaced that church with a 5 minutes minecraft house build
Great informational video. Absolute engineering marvel and very smart people. Wish the church agreed to move immediately so the building would have been built more securely instead of dangering all the people.
It’s a shame a church went back in there. Would’ve been better to put a community center of some sort rather than a community divider.
See how corporate America changed? 1978 "This building will fall, let's fix it, no matter the cost." How many buildings fell since them in America and others countries, South Korea cough cough. They kept a secret but they fixed, now unless authorities intervene, the builds can fall they are not paying to fix it.
Wait wasn’t this discovered by a Princeton student, so this not accurate, tell first how it was discovered.
In Wrocław, we have "Trzonolinowiec" and Bogusław Linda lived there once.
As someone in the actual construction field, I think this came down to CORRUPTION‼️ Some Union or organized crime skimming trying to shut out the welders union in order to “save money.” No money was saved- it went into somebody’s pocketsI   I’d Wonder how they just changed the entire structures core strength calculations without calculating the difference between “4 bolts” vs welds. You cannot just change the architectural like that. Something is missing here like who specifically benefited by cancelling not the welds, but the Welders Union and transferring the extra work to whomever installed the bolts? There’s graft here. That decision was a Union work issue not just a cost saving issue.   IMO It was all about money- which workers got the job ? Which contractor got paid for the installation and purchasing of tens of thousands of bolts? How were their size & material demands calculated? Were these calculations done?  The type and size of bolts compared to welding were critical calculations but apparently not done? So, a decision was made to screw the Welders and give the work to a different Union and this angle is not even thought about because the people analyzing it are the types who only wear Hard Hats with no scratches on them- show up in their soft soled shoes with clip boards and pens in their pockets versus construction workers who would have thought “this is crazy- I ain’t gonna be in this building during a storm”. In California we think of earthquakes- not 🌀 hurricanes. Either way- the Dirty Jobs types knew.   There’s too much missing from this story. Something very corrupt happened to shut out the welders and “save” money while someone wearing a welders outfit would’ve been saying “that ain’t gonna withstand the loads! Four bolts! You’re crazy!”
Just knock it down and build a normal skyscraper
Architects should stop trying to reinvent the wheel.
1:40 old crumbling church.. so tear it down.. they destroyed history and rebuilt evil.
this is a brilliant video that explains a lot of really complicated things very well to someone like me with zero knowledge of the topic, without talking down to us. fantastic.
I've always heard that churches make bad neighbors but this is a bit extreme.😅
You just have to look at that as a lay person to know it is an absolutely stupid concept to balance a giant skyscraper on four skinny legs. Destroying that beautiful church was a crime. Corporate greed. Wankers.
making significant changes to the structural elements without informing the structural engineer is insane
the first mistake in all of that was this horrendous chruch
I appreciate informative videos like this, but it really makes me angry to be forced to listen to your commercials within your videos when I pay for Premium subscription services monthly to avoid them. You should be more considerate and less greedy. I don't believe that I would feel safe working there even now or living or working close to it. Since 9-11 I haven't felt comfortable going in to any sort of sky scraper. I will stick to buildings that at least give me a chance of exiting safely in an emergency. 😮
❤
Having studied structural analysis and soil mechanics at the Imperial College the design is manifestly very unstable. There are mathematical techniques (flexibility and rigidity matrices) that Engineers use to design such structures.  It is scandalous that such structures be allowed and reflects the dangers of amateurisme. Please, please be more scientific.
Besides this fantastic story about skyscraper engineering.... they replaced an impressive gothic church with this brutalist concrete chump that looks like a dead tree stump and name this an improvement for the church?
What a shitty church. The sheer greed and stupidity of the church leaders to not just have them MOVE AND REPAIR the old church is pretty much spot on with how Christianity is now. Absolute trash. Whats more insane than that is his firm, filled with structural engineers, would not measure wind force at EVERY ANGLE 360 degrees to lot forces on beams. HOW THE HELL ISNT THAT STANDARD EVEN BACK THEN
I find the explanation of "avoiding mass panic" a thin excuse, if there was a real risk of building collapse. Seems more likely they were putting people's lives at risk to save face.
neat
Ah yes. The good old "we can save costs by doing something cheaper" it's the damn bridge disaster all over again
bruh, cities are so ugly. Rebuild that gothic church, holy crap
Too much advertising
the "old church" looks 100x better than the new one... what even is this? A nuclear shelter? Metro entrance?
18:54 come on man it happens to be 67?
I can't believe professor Mosby never covered this with us
This video extended a question that can be answered in 1 min into 30 mins. What on earth
Can we at least all stop and appreciate that someone in history at least saw that there was that chance of disaster and decided to act on it even though it panned out to not happen? I'm constantly reminded of the Fukushima Dai Ichi plant and how the bigwigs over it were like, "Nah, we don't need to update anything on it. It's already been updated to withstand a 9.0 earthquake......15 years ago.......So it's good......." One 9.2 earthquake and following tsunami later. Or really any recent engineering failure. It's normally, "It's fine. We've already calculated everything to a reasonable level of error." . . . .except we're now living in a world of unreasonable things. No one expected the Tacoma Narrows bridge to collapse because all their calculations were "within reason". Then the unreasonable thing called reality hit and "Galloping Gertie" bucked itself apart. So here is an example of at least one person seeing a problem that was created under their oversight and decided, "No short changing it. Probabilities don't matter. We're prepping for the worst and not taking any chances and that's final."
It’s amazing how much this generic story is repeated over and over. It’s just the story of a person making a big mistake, learning about it, and fixing it. Chances are every one of us does this once a year or so. We just don’t control millions of dollars or thousands of lives
A very well-done video, and a fascinating story. The one thing that puzzles me is that it appears that Mr. LeMessurier may not have visited the construction site, at least during any of the bolting process. Whether that's unusual or not, I don't know.
Why are all these comments about him making mistakes. He didn’t.
who gets rid of a gothic cathedral? that was the the real crime
67 years!!!!
A woman redid the calculations and told him he was wrong because of not considering cornering winds.  He did not figure this out on his own like this story is trying to make out.  He’s trying to claim more on his part than what he actually did.
Writing as a physicist, it strikes me that quartering winds were originally not taken into consideration and not required to be taken into consideration by the regulations. The assumption that the worst case is a wind that directly hits one of the faces is natural, but taking into account that combining two such loads to form a quartering wind is, in a first approximation, a relatively simple calculation, one would assume that you just do it. After all, this is a multi-multi-million operation.
20:00 I don’t really see how any of this comes back on him though. His original plan called for welds any responsibility for any collapse falls solely on the shoulders of cost cutting measures.
The student who discovered the issue deserves some credit in the video. The student was a female named  name was Diane Hartley.
It’s crazy how little engineers are taught welding and what it implies, welded joints are meant to bend and twist and contract, and if weld joints are done properly up to code, they should be stronger than the material itself. Even bad welds should be at minimum the same load capacity as long as they pass. My cousin who got out of school a couple years ago and has been working for 3 or so, told me that they just have the higher ups write in weld symbols. Same with another guy I know designing tanks, who didn’t know what stainless filler rod should be used for tig welding stainless to carbon.  Had the beams been properly welded from the beginning there would’ve been absolutely no issue holding the weight, but whenever you put bolts into the equation the stress isn’t transferred evenly as it is with a welded joint. There’s a lot of science behind it, but if you’re ever building something that needs to be strong, weld it. It’ll hold 100% better 100% of the time. But companies hate how much they have to pay us and that’s why there’s shortcuts. Obviously the lead engineer (I suck with names) understood this, but they changed the plans anyways despite his plan. Even if you don’t always understand it, go by the plans. If something fails it’s not your fault, and if you doubt it ask why
This is an urban legend.
I bet you $1000 that weather modification was used to divert the hurricane.
10:45 -- "on opening day 1977, the 11th tallest in the *WORLD*" -- should the CN tower's 1976 opening day measurement of 1800 feet not be on the far-left of that image?  Am I missing something here?  Or did I finally go crazy? 😕
All problem arise because church dont want to move, religion always act like stubarn and make a chain effect of a problem. at the end professor say when you know 1000 people died you must act, look in palastine 100000 peole died how many poeple act or in russia -ukrain war so many people died, did we able to do any thing . which means time change , moral and ethics gone, when million people died nobody care, soceity don't care any more .  learning form you tube help me to change my understanding of this world. watching professor jiang you tube video help me to understand the root cause and why we are come to this point. Another great video Veritasium.
US any stupid thing can happen
Man I can like respect the feat of engineering that goes into skyscrapers (and the necessity in needing megastructures like them for big cities), but so many skyscrapers are ugly AF. This one included.  Can't imagine looking at something like that and thinking it adds to the skyline in any positive way.
18:28 -- I had to pause here to check something. I'm an old Southern lady who remembers the Great Blizzard of 1978 in Ohio. I know Upstate NY and New England had their own whacking great blizzard a week or two later, but couldn't remember if Manhattan got walloped. Yeah, it sure did. Look up "Northeastern United States blizzard of 1978" in Wikipedia. There's a mention of "hurricane force winds," and how the storm had developed a distinct eye like a hurricane. It's a wonder the Citicorp building didn't come down then. I'm interested in knowing if it's mentioned in this vid. I guess I'll find out....  19:03 -- Holy spit. The blizzard's sustained winds were 138 kph. I wonder why the building stayed upright?  27:56 -- Okay. Y'all skated right past the blizzard. Was it simply a stroke of luck the building didn't topple, or was there something about the wind patterns which saved it? Who could I ask? Old ladies like answers just as much as traditional students do.
The last quote in the whole video really got me. "If you see something that is a social risk, "good heavens this thing would kill 1000s" you must do something, you must do something:... said no one in the tobacco, gun, or oil industry ever.
It's just a big book club, they don't need a church for it. Rent out a conference room or sit on a grass field like jesus used to do it. Anything more and you'd be chasing something ungodly. I love using their own rules against them.
18:54
the only "Mistake" would have been NOT to do the repairs and experience a potential catastrophy....!
I live in Boston and before I was born in the 70s, the John Hancock Building had FALLING GLASS. I worked in it for a spell and was SO sus to walk on the sidewalk next to it because of the stories I heard from my mom.   If you Google the building name + windows, you'll see all of the pics of the cardboard over the windows.😮  60 stories and 790ft of fun fun fun. It still sways, but the glass doesn't fall down....anymore.   "During its construction in the 1970s, the John Hancock Tower experienced a critical design flaw where 500-pound glass panels detached and fell to the ground, leading to streets being closed and the building being boarded with plywood.   The problem was diagnosed as a brittle window design and was resolved by replacing all 10,334 panes with tempered glass. The building also required internal reinforcing to prevent dangerous swaying from high winds, but it has since been strengthened and remains a stable landmark."
Because men would never just think to make a smaller tower that balanced the load on ALL FOUR SIDES and doesn't obstruct the church.  Smh
18:57 6-7?
I would never go to or be involved with a pastor, man of such low character. He let his personal pride and attachments override what is best for everyone. God is not limited to a building. The money that bank would have given would have allowed for not only a newer better Church, it would have provided resources to help so many people. The only purpose of any Church in the service of The Christian God. Something that is in no way the goal of this "pastor" and every other liar claiming to follow God when they really only care about lining their pockets,  inflate their own ego by missing the power given to them by those who do not see them for who and what they really are, and those who lie to those who trust them, selling passes to Heaven instead of telling them The Truth of the sins everyone commits putting at risk the number of people they can claim as members when what they are really doing is daming them to hell so he can inflate the number of members and drain them of as much money as possible. Beware anyone claiming to be of God who is as prideful as thean who put that ugly building ahead of what is best for his members and the people who he could have helped. God does not need a building at anyplace other than where two or more come together in His Name to Praise and Worship Him and His Son Jesus Christ who die for our sins so we can enjoy The Grace none deserve and can do nothing to earn
Pastor Ralph Peterson was a crazy idiot
Having learned about all the adverts in the youtube channels I find it so amusing to see this one about every-where connections....hehehehehehe!!!!
Lets discuss the fact that a guy called "le-measure" did life-saving measurements
I worked for a guy in Santa Monica who sold these Dampening devices that started out as submarine technology ,they were giant shock absorbers that absorb earthquake shocks.
That hurricane really pulled the biggest prank ever
27:54 Pushing such stuff that, upon failure, won't result in hunderds of user reports "the accessory on my character disappeared!", but instead in tens of thousands people dying and infrastructure damaged, just for the badge "we can do that!" is so ironic, when the thing that took that risk had all the chances to result in something like that.
New Question, How hackable is the stabeliser?
We now get 100 year storms every couple years in Houston, THANKS CLIMATE DENIERS 😊
Hmmmm
Thank God (no pun intended) they got rid of that BEAUTIFUL authentic/ancient traditional church and replaced it with a cheap night club aesthetic
Hey, he really could have just leaned back in his chair and said to himself that he was in the clear because his plans would have worked but they were changed without his knowledge nor consent...but he didn't do that.
So much for doing a "Cost/Benefit Analysis" 😶
A problem had arisen in our company’s payroll department, and there were meetings set up to teach us a new program that would fix the problem.  In prior meetings I had learned the person giving the instructions could not be swayed, and I knew from my own calculations this new plan was not going to work.  I had also learned that so far no one had challenged this new plan. Everyone seemed to be in agreement. I said nothing, but I made a decision. I was going to play dumb, not argue.  After the entire presentation was completed, I volunteered that I did not understand. So, she went over it again.  Everyone looked at me as though I were the most stupid person in the world. I swallowed my pride. I knew I was right, but she had to figure it out for herself. The sad part was that we were the last of several groups to be taught this new method.  At the end of her explanations, I again said that I still did not understand. She began to explain again, and I knew the very moment she got it. She looked closer at her computer, her eyes widened, she said she was sorry she just realized that method would not work and we should continue with the prior method until further notice. We were dismissed. No one said a word and neither did I.  But, I did feel a little smug and often wondered if she ever had a clue that I had set her up.
They really should look at how airplane designs and implement them into building design. See how airplane aerodynamic design effects wind drag and such, get some inspiration from it. Maybe make more round buildings instead of big blocky squares,
"old crumbling gothic church" is a funny way to describe that beautiful building that was torn down to put a large metal slab
I also listened to an episode of 99 percent invisible.
17:25 I double taked immediately from my knitting wtf.... chills
all of this possible tragedy... cause of religion "facepalm"
winds of only 70 miles an hour........
This is what happens when expertise isn't consulted and bean counters get involved.
I find it appalling that this guy is made out to be some sort of a hero for fixing his own blunder. He was rightfully worried about the consequences of his mistakes but he seemed far more concerned about that than for public safety. This is called a cover-up.  Several consecutive miracles prevented a catastrophic disaster, so he gets no kudos from me.  But I am very impressed that a couple of bright engineering students could out-think him and his entire design team.
They call that in the usa a church? I must be to european for this...
Tour de Force of moral, technical and managerial skills !      Wish our politicians would have at least some of this.  Responsibility for lives.
Boss.  Decided his name will not be one of tragedy.
"This *thing* is in real trouble!" -the things creator
title change
'old crumbling gothic church' .. In Europe they are the most visited sites.
This video was just for imaging engineering and there may be more marvelous structure in other parts of world
Yep I wont be a structural engineer the responsibility and I always second guess my decisions.
Crazy L for the church.
Wasn't there a Numb3rs episode that was based on this?
If this had happened today, it would have been covered up.
The old gothic church looked better than anything modern.
18:52 oh no...
Engineering marvel with a fatal flaw is thus an engineering failure on many levels.  Edit: And this was hidden from people again? What if a collapse would have still happened because of winds of say 130km/h ? This is not ethical engineering at all.  Edit2: What I can't imagine is that in 1978, there was nothing about cornering winds in any of the structural engineering program when we are building skyscrapers since the last 75 years... that is what astonished me the most.
So this is a story of mistakes, incompetence, deception, deceit, with a few interesting engineering problems tucked inside it. It's chernobyl but they got lucky and lied about it.
My take-away was that the engineer, frightened about loosing his reputation, and the legal repercussions was prepared to leave thousands of people at risk while he covered up his company's incompetence.
Spoilers: eighth chevron didnt engage.
"Despite the risks, they decided not to tell..." Ah, yes, as always. It must be intrinsic to humans of fame, riches and power to toy with the lives of the common folk.
The MOMENT you said the builders bolted the braces instead of welding it (as per the ARCHITECT'S designs) I saw what was to come. Lesson: Do what the architect says, no different. They did the math for a reason!
They had a beautiful gothic church and made it an ugly slanted block 💀
This would never happen today.  The company would just lie to the public and blame anyone else after the disaster and put a Trump family member on the board so he would give them immunity from law suits.
Huh... turns out there is no good way of spelling Van Dike without it being silly.  Van Dyck is a new one. Added to the collection.
The decision of "going public and facing career ruin and lawsuits" or "Silent" is a false dichotomy. If he did not do something about the flaw it would have revealed itself with a catastrophe and then by staying silent his career would have been ruined and possibly jailtime from corporate manslaughter. Only by attempting to resolve the issue was he able to salvage his reputation.    Though its a perfect example of not having single points of failure. Every decision to make changes to his design should have been vigourously tested.
Like many videos from this channel, it is way too long.
Life in prison for the guy that replaced the beautiful gothic church with a minecraft block and called it a day.
The Church was beautiful, and should have been restored not destroyed. That engineer was not too bright.
Cite imperial measurements or I don’t care about your video. Don’t produce this stuff based on what you think I SHOULD know.
1:36 trully an american move. destroy a magnificent building to replace it ... with a concrete box
Ugliest church perhaps ever.
4:53 Sorry, the true argument is the leverage. If you strengthen the corners you still have a very long lever increasing the force on the cornes. OTOH if you put a diagonal strut inside the rectangle, it just has to take away the way much lesser load at the top of that lever. That's a basic constrction principle which, alas, isn't understood by laymen's constuctions like shelves
1:39 That transition was about as good as what happens to my food after I eat it and before I excrete it from my body.
It wasn't bad engineering. It was religion, which "poisons everything" (Hitchens) - even architecture.
At some point in this video it seemed like the fact that this was bolted instead of welded was the problem, however the quarterly winds seems like something that was not taken into account as well as the wind tunnel that also increased the tentions. If the original design was followed and it was welded would the building still hold up or was the original design also in the wrong?
That's a stupid looking building..
That's a stupid looking building janky stupid janga bullcrap
night city megabuilding
I like the way they did not tell anyone, even the office workers. NICE!
67 YEARS
To me, it wasn't his fault  !! He approved welds !! Someone made the wrong decision  !! That's how things are done wrong  !! If they told him before they made this huge change..
Depending on the condition of that church, was it salvageable or not.
CIRS should be mandatory in critical areas of society. Critical Incident Report Systems work by Errors wich can be reported without personal responsibility and the learnings will be distributed anonymised so everyone else can prevent the same errors in the future.
I work in structural engineering and I tell you when we are making something new, I'm awake for days calculating everything over and over again. I cannot even imagine the fear in him when he got to know this
this story make me feel like im watching hunterxhunter exams. kudos for engineer and people who built that art.
There certainly was no gothic church. It was a neo-gothic building from 1903. There are no European-style buildings old enough to be built in the gothic style back when it was all the rage.
Good luck they called^^
“Heres the New Church!” “Where?”
How many times are you gonna say the word "so" in the beginning of sentences throughout the video? At least 100 times you've used it.
I don't care if it work's it is stressfull to see it. Make beutifull buildings not stuff that stress you out.
Wait, what? Aren't you based in Los Angeles? You have to pay roaming charges when you go to New York? Tell me this was just unintended miscommunication during that add... I can visit just about every nation in Europe and pay exactly what I pay back home... I hope Americans can travel inside their own country without having to pay roaming charges and changing SIM-cards...
There's another question that would have saved wtc1, 2, and 7
The thumbnail reminded me of those hazmat suit show thing
2,800 people who disliked the video are those who constantly complain about studying math at school because they will never use it in their life. Unable to appreciate really nice content that delivers what it promises in its title.
1:37 Only in america an architectural marvel and historical monument like this church is described as "old" and "crumbling". Embarrassing
the biggest crime was the destruction of the gothic church
The new video name is a lot better just wanted to say
Every professional in every field NEEDS to have the ethics to ACCEPT and SOLVE mistakes (s)he makes. If not (s)he just is an irresponsible, selfish and deranged amateur.
That's gotta be the ugliest church I've ever seen
English is not my native. Beginning of the video for me was "this is the city corpse center". )
This is the way every mistake should be taked seriously and fixed... the good way. Fck those who decided to put bolt...
Does the same chevron design ever used again on another project?
stop using AI slop for your animations
This is one of those "superman-feeling" stories.  Think of the drama of being that architect thinking, "I will be shamed and sued and be the cause of lawsuits and shame for everyone I respect, and really its shouldn't even be about me, because my oversight and a building material substitution is going to cost an untold number of lives of totally innocent people."  To not kill himself, because he cared about those people and try, with great care, to make it all work out was intensely noble.        Then too, there's the superman-like student who just happened to think of what other people hadn't and is still somewhat anonymous.  It probably was this one guy, but there was a female student who asked a similar question.  And, whichever it was, there's deep comfort in imagining these students humbly trying to work out great things for their own understanding and small endeavors, while unknowingly asking a question that would save so many lives.  Many people ultimately come together in lifesaving efforts like this, but the highest-status thinkers can be disastrously wrong, and people just studying something can be influentially right.  Both kinds of people become heroes when they communicate humbly and work with others in good faith.  I wonder if some better systems came out of this for allowing engineers to admit their own unintentional mistakes, or point out those of others.  Such measure are a balancing act, because people need to be accountable for recklessness in these pursuits, but people who deal with greater-than-human stakes in their work need to feel safe operating out of reasonable ethics when they have made mistakes.
There are so many arrows and I have no idea what’s going on
LeMessurier, surely he visited the building whilst under construction and noticed the 131' chevron beams were merely bolted? This story has been spun to inch of its life. 17:00 "Then it turned out they had done something else". Only 4 bolts apparently and clearly someone else's fault.
That church was modeled on a 27" Sony television every middle class family had in 1994 😂
As a trainee in a mining supply company I was in charge of brining old technical drawings into the new system. So redraw them etc. At some point I got confused because of one little detail and looked up in books and was not sure if that is even correct what I assumed so I asked the older colleagues and told them according to my math this detail is wrong and would make the case I was working on not explosion safe anymore. He turned the colour of the wall behind I’m. 😅 they checked, again and again and realised I was right. So the phones started rattling to stop production 🫠
When he caculated 4 bolts. I immediately thought, square it.
The beautifully ornate and historic "crumbling gothic church" being replaced by a brutalist concrete block is absolutely crushing
Respect to Le Messurier, did the right thing! BUT the scariest thing to me is....What if the building could NOT be fixed?
The fact that only face on winds were taken into consideration is stunning to me
Carney is a BIG MISTAKE.      Canadians were dooped by media hyped up Trump fear .
these become laborius...here is the AI answer...A student named Diane Hartley saved the Citicorp Center (now 601 Lexington Avenue) in NYC by questioning the building's structural integrity regarding the forces of diagonal winds. Her questions, part of a senior thesis project, led her to contact the engineering firm, revealing that a flaw in the design, combined with a change from welded to bolted joints for wind bracing, left the building vulnerable to collapse. This prompted the engineering firm to undertake a covert, overnight repair operation to weld the connections, preventing disaster.
Of only Trump had been president then. He could have fixed the hurricane problem with his sharpie pen.
Fun fact, this problem was actually first identified by Diane Hartley and it became her thesis.  She also spoke to someone else involved in the building (not LeMessurier), and she was dismissed  The student who was on the phone is unknown at the time but latter self-identified to be Lee DeCarolis (self-identified as the engineer only remembered that it was a young man) who noticed the same problem almost at the same time.   I think there are two things here, that even though a female and male student identified the same results at the same time, one was taken seriously and the other was dismissed. And there is also the matter that how come no professional noticed things students can notice
Given the consequences, it's a bit surprising they didn't throw the kitchen sink at getting all the repairs done in like a week.  Pay every contractor in the city if you have to.  It's better than being responsible for a building-size game of dominos in Manhattan.
That is a great story! I nevertheless remain disappointed to discover that, for such big building and first-of-its-kind engineering work, the design worst case scenario was not issued by the team of architects in charge. I am surprised too by the lack of safety factors taken into account in the design or imposed by legislation. With all respect due to LeMessurier, this is scary, even if we put ourselves back in 1978. From a French engineer graduated in 1977.
I'm beginning to think engineers are just professional guessers.  A 4 year old child could tell you that a structure smaller at the bottom is inherently unstable.
they did the church dirty.
Turkey should be sued for converting the haga Sophia to a mosque .
Not red line: level the Gothic church (shown in B/W for 1 second) in favor of a concrete nub underneath an oppressive tower  Red line: trade the small, debris filled lot for another one while using the 8-figure savings for the benefit of the church  That's where it may have derailed, the rest was piling patch upon patch.
18:55 OH COME ON
"After even more calculations, they realized they didn't need any bracing at all, just a pile of bolts lined up one after another. These bolts are then siphoned to the center of the building where they flow down the middle core like the sand in an hour glass and collect in the central core of the building basement where a large, fire-y crucible melts these bolts to add to structural integrity of the base of the building by 1000%. Outside the building, large conveyor belts attached to each corner of the structure bring a never-ending supply of bolts to the top of the building where they are dumped into large funnels that are attached to where the inner bracing used to be and is now a bolt racetrack, to begin the cycle all over again. This process has been keeping big steel solvent for decades." Kinda makes you wonder what that guy was doing while it was being built. Also, I've been in this building and it is just as unsettling as you would think it would be when you are walking up to it and realize you are going inside. Especially the sound of those conveyor belts.
18:55 guys am I cooked i laughed at this
one day an important man will die, when mysteriously that skyscrapper fell
17:50 Alan Davenport and UWO Boundary Layer Wind Tunnel mentioned! I've seen their collection of models used in dynamic wind analyses dating back to the 1970's, when I took the Wind Engineering course. Whole cityscapes blocked out to scale in expanded polystyrene, and then the building being investigated set up with arrays of pitot tube ports to collect the wind pressure data. Really interesting and specialized work.
This did not help my fear of skyscrapers. 😂😂
Replace that beautiful church with that lump of ugly modernist concrete.?! That's a deal?! Ugh
Believe the other story and in this one the student was a female and she phoned in with the numbers and asked them to check their numbers because her numbers said the building could handle a  much less wind. Her story is much more credible when you listen to her.
This seems like a story an episode of Scorpion was based on.
The building receiving double the winds in quarter winds doesn’t mean double the force though because of the shape. The shape should act as aerodynamic and deflect winds effectively reducing the forces.
So did that guy lose his job?
Contractors always trying to value engineer everything...
*Saves 250000 in bolts* ... *proceeds to lose 3-4 million in attempt to bring the building to a point that it should have been able to withstand had they not saved 250000*
Someone should become an architect for medieval Gothic architecture!
How many years does a storm strong enough to destroy the building come around?🧐🧐
Lol, trading that fancy, classic-looking church for whatever sits there now was a bad deal.
The real crime was they destroyed that beautiful gothic church 😢and built some modern art thing. Disgusting absolutely disgusting
Nice video guys
Side winds? What about side airliner?
18:53  I swear to god
Tearing down the original church to replace it with that monstrosity is a crime against Western culture
18:52 oh dear god
Measure twice. Cut once.
Both the Citicorp building and the church are hideous, I don't care what anyone says. Lacks imagination
They way I see it, he never made any mistakes initially. Yes, he didn't foresee the quarter winds but he told them to wild it and they didn't it. I think he shouldn't be blamed for firms trying to be smartasses and cut costs.
"replace this old crumbling gothic church with a new one" - you lost me on that. That church was gorgeous.
The old Gothic church was gorgeous.  The new one is one of the ugliest things I've ever seen.
cool
Better to admit a mistake than people lose life shame this wasn’t the case with the space shuttle
man, this guy is so lucky 😂
This was fascinating and good on LeMessier to owning up to it and fixing the problem. I’m not sure if that would happen today.
no... not "Le Measure"... the man's name is Le Messurier, it's pronounced /lə məsyʁje/, not /lə ˈmɛʒ.ɚ/ as in "measure"
the church design is so dumb looking
Leave it to a church to cause all of this difficulty.
32:00 I wouldn't trust anything NIST has to say in their reports after seeing the animated reconstruction they released of the 9/11 attack on the Pentagon...the animation omitted completely the 2 plane engines, the most massive parts of the "plane"which struck the building... I DO remember seeing the original TV footage and there being only a single circular hole... 🙄😕
Engineers and architects in general “make the job harder” it’s because they only understand the theory behind things, use computers to do all their calculations and rarely actually show up to a project so see what is taking place. I’ve been correcting engineers for 20 years now. Just had to explain to one yesterday that he’s a moron and you can’t have the fire service riser go up in an inaccessible area since 🤦‍♂️
Just imagine how devastating that would have been... scary
Can’t believe the pastor sold that beautiful building just to be replaced by something that’s so underwhelming you’d never stop and ask about it.
Finally, something i can understand easily. 😂 Joking aside, i love learning things about architecture. Still like to listen and learn about science too!
All I see is: The church is a problem :D
18:53 How often did the storm happen again? 🗣🗣
Yet the student gets no credit
please more videos like this
T.M.D. is also used in the Burj Khalifa Building.
Cool story!  I'm still astounded that quartering wind calculations weren't standard from the get-go.  It's not like nature acts in only the x/y axis!
68 mph, in non-retarded units
When they were designing this building why didn't they have their figures and plans checked by another source or expert a second pair of eyes something that's important you figured you would want it looked over two or three times to verify that mistakes weren't made or left out
Imagine building things to withstand wind,  but assuming wind only comes form 4 directions instead of 360.   That's what happened here.
The fact that the engineer's last name is effectively pronounced "Le Measure" is perfect
18:52 SIX SEVENNN
The real question is did they Geoengineer hurricane Ella to steer away.
The worst crime here was the destruction of that beautiful church.
LeMessurier taking students’ concerns seriously, risking his reputation, and getting his “perfect morning” after everything was made right and disaster had been narrowly avoided honestly choked me up imagining his relief. Untold lives have been ruined by mistakes that were covered up for the sake of pride or even profit. If only more people with authority had that level of integrity.
That pastor was on some drugs if he thought that new "design" was better.
Bravo a cet homme qui à fait ce qu’il fallait.
as an engineering student I was always getting trouble for asking questions
Parts of that story don’t make sense. In LeMesurier’s version of the story a) checking quartering forces just wouldn’t have occurred to anyone b) his team did the calculations for him and he just hoped they didn’t do them wrong and c) bolts were substituted for welds and no one asked the architect to sign off on that. In other words in his version he was virtually blameless and yet his first thought was suicide to avoid the disgrace.  I just don’t believe a, b and c were all true. In a complex, untested and completely novel building-design it’s ridiculous to only consider wind hitting square on the sides. No sensible person would just assume that made sense for a weird new design even if that’s how it was done for conventional buildings. And the idea that he created a new way to transfer loads through a building but didn’t attempt to fully work through the calculations himself during design is also bizarre. If he left the calculations to his team then his innovations were just a guess not a design. I think he edited that story to show himself in the best possible light in ways which just aren’t credible. I’m still glad he (very quietly) sounded the alarm but not dooming thousands of people to hide mistakes you claim other people made is not a particularly difficult moral dilemma.
Leave it to a woman to clean up after the boys! Lol!
We should have an annual tribute to honor people that found significant mistakes and got them fixed.
The dynamics of keeping a secret like this, can't imagine the pressure and responsibility. Great video!
it should be standard to recheck the stresses for any change in materials or design.  Even in 78 computers could have done it.
No one else see that that one engineer who wants to save 250,000.00 ended up costing 3,000,000.00-4,000,000.00 let that be a life lesson sometimes spending extra the first time would save you alot more later on
Why he was praised?? He didn't  even consider it was a mistake until the student phone call...
The church looks like a post modernist hand bag
Scary. Should I worry about going into high rises like I worry about going on a 737 Max?  It’s too bad the engineers lied about the max until there were two terrible crashes.
Whomever is the student who made the call you are the true hero in this whole story.
18:57
its crazy that people would just change plans in the name of cost cutting, and not even think to check in with the engineer or architect that made the design
"old crumbling gothic church" - zero respect by Veritasium
Lemeasure twice, cut once
WAS it an "old, crumbling, Gothic Church?"   Really?  A stone structure no more than 150 years old?  That church stood between someone and a giant profit to be made.
Marketing 101: Hey can we cheapen our own build or? Oh. That was a mistake. Yeah... ill pay for that upgrade And the next one And the monitering stations.  All cause that church didnt want a brand new building....
(24:21) You didn't swipe to answer the call.
Old story. They bolted it rather than weld it. So they welded it
Odd how everyone seems to call it LeMessurier's mistake when it only happened because no one consulted him directly about replacing the welding plans with bolts. Like, sure, maybe the change wouldn't have been made at all if everyone took quartering winds into account, including LeMessurier, but it's definitely not the first time something was made worse because someone high up wanted to save money
If I was a studio, I would just exclude the UK market honestly
18:55 Hopefully no one else notices this
Gripping story 🙂
Final destination blood ties
I have 0 engineering knowledge and that was the 1st thing that came to my mind. They should ask YouTube viewers more😅
"Old crumbling gothic Church" that looks millions of times more beautiful and thought out than that ugly smear of a building.
There's something about the industrial age overengineering and the nuclear age exact-engineering. Over-engineering allows for errors, exact-engineering assumes no oversights...  All those lives that could've been lost because of some dumb church...
The `it will do` 1970s.
12:45 student phone call.
I can't believe they destroyed that beautiful gothic structure for the modernistic wart it was replaced with. Tragic.
I was going to watch de video but when I saw the new church they built I got depression and have to leave.  What a crime to destroy that beautiful church for that modern crap that looks like a metal folded paper. What a way to make the world even uglier uhhhhhhhhhh.
This is one of the gazllion and more reasons why the PE exam and subsequent licensing carries such a high burden.
Luck…not worthy of praise.
I would be ok if no one ever would build such tall structures.  I have a serious fear of heights. Can we stick to building 5-story sky scrapers, please?
1:00 sounds like soundtrack from polish channel involving science...
they replaced an old gothic church with a cube. great.
so they destroyed a more european looking church to create and an ugly wedge, that even bothers me and i don't like religions
That is one lazy engineer. 1. He didn't consider all possible weather conditions 2. He never visited the site during construction
At 11:57 saying that a bolt connection is not better or worse than a weld is just crazy. You calculate it completely different and the force transfer, tension  built up in the steel are different.
Instead of straight “leg chairs “ I would have made the columns into arches not attached to the church but still would have given the church its distinctive entrance
How the hell did this monstrosity get approval? Every engineer & architect overlooked NUMEROUS flaws of the design? What kind of idiots are in charge of these things?
One thing out of this documentary… And that is, I am not going up in tall buildings above three floors anymore 💁🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️‼️
It just shows that even experts can make big mistakes. We are , after all, just human. Solutions can come from unlikely places.
1:38 So no one is gonna talk about how the "'brand new church" is absolutely horrible? It looks like a futuristic was bunker wtf is this?? I'd be so mad if my old gothic church got replaced with this atrocity
"old crumbling Gothic church" Can't have been as old as the churches we have in Europe and that are still standing.
This is only considered a success because they got away with their negligence. If the building collapsed while they were intentionally widtholding the danger from the employees, this video's conclusion about ethical engineering would be very different.
Please don't use kph.
why are they calling him Lemejur? americans never show respect to other languages.
Seeing this reminds me of Night City's Megabuildings.
26:41 LeMessier from future came  with weather changing device to save NY
This is one reason why I would never work in a highrise
The chain of custody issue. Architect designs a building. States specs and requirements. Related services down to the GC begin to produce or delegate production of BOM's to buy materials.  Then in the trenches a smart GC engineer or designer says "WOW we can save the client XXX if we bolt other than weld". However a bolted structure is never a rigid unitized structure. How were the skyscrapers of renown built during the 30 's and 40's hot weld rivets . Heated red hot, pounded in place by Popeye types with muscles like a cantaloupe using huge sledge hammers. Result better than bolts cheaper than massive weld set ups and durable 80+ years later  The thing the video missed, and I would argue with the original designer is he was a structure guy. Not a fastener guy. Bolts stretch, bolts wear at the collar, and around the circumference when torqued to spec if the structure moves the wear is amplified.   It's simple welding done PROPERLY makes 2 pieces of metal ONE. Bolting makes 2 pieces of metal bolted together and never really one.  This is really a matter of the original design being circumvented as the saying was years ago stepping over a dollar to save a dime.  Clearly the head architect/designer had no personal knowledge someone way down the food  chain had a eureka moment and yelled bolt it don't weld it.  When the head guy who designed the building heard of the change he was non nonchalant about the change which I think was a mistake in the beginning. Like a say a structure guy not a fastener guy  However some lowerling it appears in his own organization approved the substitute in a Oh Well it's cheaper moment  This just shouts welding is better because if done well it is permanent as compered to bolting as 2 pieces joined with a fastener under the conditions will wear out or at best require re torque or replace every few years.  Well back to the drawing board the original design with welds was better, expensive as a retro fit but better.  Moral always involve people with metal fitment specific knowledge this designer was clearly a structural genius but was not equipped to deal with fasteners or weld technology on a building that danced on the foundation during wind.
Typical human behaviour. Men mastered building very high structures so let's build something harder.
This is NOT a case study in ethical behavior.  Just the opposite.  Allowing thousands of people to continue their routine without informed consent is likely the very definition of UNETHICAL behavior.
Someone has seen a WTYP episode recently.
The greatest of men have no ego. This man threw himself on his own sword to save thousands of lives. A rare thing these days when cover ups abound
Storms have been getting worse haven't they? What are the chances now?
Яркий пример того, как люди сами создают себе проблемы и потом героически их решают
Just seeing the thumb nail this building is EFFED in so many ways hah
No hurricane season in NY
Another thing we should learn from this video is that buildings don’t tent to fall in perfect demolition pancake stacks when force is applied to the top …..just saying
The original church didn’t look too crumbly to me.
I don't like that building. it'll still fall. stress from wind over time will F it over
The columns necessary because the church wouldn't give up its land.
27:05 I don't know but improving it to the point it's able to withstand a 1/1000 storm instead of a 1/16 is still a serious risk in my opinion.
That piece of rock is a "church" ? ... they demolished a gothic style church for that..
18:56 6 7
To be fair to LeMessurier he said weld not bolt if they followed his design nothing would have happened in the first place
the building being constructed right above a church probably gave it divine protection
18:54 Every 6-7 year you say??
The was not a HE  The student was a SHE -- Diane Hartley
The dampening thing and seperate layer construction wasn't totally new to buildings. Central tree trunk pendulum dampened pagodas have survived for a really long time. Relatively earthquake proof. And wind proof.   I guess the rooves or structures on separate layers may have helped the wind shear!? I don't know. I'm not actually in-depth here.
18:53
thats the ugliest church i ever seen
I feel like because they kept the church, God worked and rescued them by letting the phone call, newspapers strike, and the last minute miracle happened when the wind flew to Canada.  Old building is had to maintain and some of young people would choose to go to the modern looked churches so the pastor might have made a good decision. Also, if something happened, LeMessurier wouldn't have peace his whole life.
Rip to the gothic church😢
Nowhere do you hear of just destruction of a church in New York because it was old and crumbly😅 like that was the real reason they destroyed the church not because it was old architecture from the previous era and previous civilization
Anyone involved in demolishing that church and replacing it with that block should just be sent to prison for crimes against taste and beauty.
Seems like gods work, after destroying the church
that pendulam TMD mass was sorta like Gyroscore kept it stabalised
Pityabout the idiotic advert in the middle of a program where that vendor does not exist. I bet the same goes for most international audiences. Be sure that now I will NEVER use that vendor!!!
Withstand earthquakes over 6.8? So ...limit is 6.81?
8:40 I don't think you lose the energy to friction there. That kind of friction would melt the joints on a massive building..
There is no G in pendulum.
Reminds me of that building in china that plummet to the ground because of cost cutting practices 😂
So .... it was not the architects fault . Contractor changed welds to bolts without telling the architect.  Also that church was 100x nicer then the new toilet box they build instead.  They should leave the old church there , it would create wonderful contrast to the new skyscraper.
I never knew you could redirect gravity load like a flowing water. Wierd!
I think all houses being built has to be constructed to last minimum of 2000 years. Also bigger houses should always have their water going in a central shaft with all kitchens and bathroom going ino the shaft so that firstly you use stainless steel for all sewage and water pipes, but secondly if anything break you can change it without destroying bathrooms. Also all electric should be in beautiful panels on the outside of the wall and never inside walls. That way you can change or upgrade without destroying the building.
A great man.
How the f$#@ do you not account for the wind when building a skyscraper....
Veritasium's content being free for everybody to watch is a legitimate reason to still have faith in humanity
this is a re run right?
Here should be a huge lawsuit by everyone who lived in the area that could have been affected if the building did collapse. They were willing gambling with their lives. The mass panic thing is nothing but BS to cover their asses.
a unicorn....a building project that turned out cheaper, way cheaper, than estimated.
18:52 absolute knee slapper
Wait, telecom network is bad in Manhattan?
I was excited to learn about this fascinating building but then seeing the section about the amazing gothic beauty of a church destroyed to instead make a toaster building has completely blindsided me and now i have completely lost interest in the video. How could you look at that building and be like, 'lets destroy this and instead make a box'.
Imagine if this was in Russia or China or even the so called biggest democracy in the world, India. The amount of lives lost would be headlines in foreign networks because their corrupt authoritarianism governments don't even allow news.
I'm shocked arbitary alterations can be made to an architect's plans without them being told. That's shocking. From welds to bolts to save some bucks over the integrity of a massive building. H F J. All hail the mighty buck. SMH.
This situation is the greatest fear a structural engineer can have. Literally a nightmade come true...massive respect to Lemessurier for owning up ASAP and not only owning up but coming up with a solution.
Great video.  Also funnily you can see which people watched the whole video and which people just saw the first few minutes based on if their core focus is talking about the church that appeared for 2 minutes lol
How was it with Airliners?
Lots of skyscrapers in São Paulo, Brasil are built on stilts.
"Why just have one notch?" Hubris strikes again.
"To replace the old, crumbling, gothic church" ????  These crumbling churches have been standing in Europe for hundreds of years without a scratch.  What a load of horse radish. And now look at this modern church. Looks like a damn bomb shelter.  These gothic churches are extremely stable for obvious reasons. High arches were implemented not just to make them gigantic but also extremely durable.  Or just call them old and crumbly to justify destroying them.  And now? Now Americans travel to Europe to see some of these old buildings with immense historic value, simply because you replaced them with steel boxes that look like bomb shelters.   Speaking of crumbly and crappy buildings; Those are 80% of your social houses. Made of 4x4s and nailguns. So I don't think that the reason this beautiful gothic church was destroyed was because of the quality of the building - something tells me it was about MONAYY
The new Church looks so much worse than the original
It scares me that the amount of bolts needed is rounded down and not up.
67777777777777
6 7
ore
i wonder how much this story would've change if the church wasn't there
10:05 Andrew Jackson, in the main foyer of his White House had a big block of cheese...
Diane Hartley. She asked for the plans to study the cross winds and found the error.   The last time I saw a video on this subject it was Diane Hartley  who made the discovery, also that is the Wikipedia consensus.   Also rip that amazing church, replaced by a block for a company called Citicorp. A country without much human history erases what little history it has.
That new church is hideos omg
Destroying an old church is a big NO NO....
Only Americans would think the right thing was done here. Instead of evacuating the building and surrounding area until the issue was fixed - the _ONLY_ right thing to do - as usual American corporations decided to roll the dice and put lives ahead of profit. People should have gone to prison once the risks they took were uncovered, but instead they end up being praised??? This is what a country of sociopaths looks like people...
Reminds me of the day I took my FAA Aircraft Dispatcher Practical Exam and concluded that given the parameters of the flight plan, it wouldn’t make sense to depart because only the flight crew would be able to go. My examiner came in to check on me after three hrs. I was sweating 😅because I was re-calculating the third time to ensure I was correct in my conclusion before presenting my conclusion. I was told (by classmates) that my flight plan problem should be simple and straight forward (because theirs were). It turns out, unlike all of my classmates problems, my problem was quite unique as the departure airport had a high density altitude and given the restricted airspace I had to avoid (laterally vs climbing over it) due to a broken A/C pack on the plane and the associated reduced altitude the aircraft would be required to operate at, the fuel burn was significantly higher and thus the plane would have to be fueled to its limit and that restricts the weight capacity. I was relieved to hear the examiner apologize and confirm my conclusion. The specific combination of departure airport, destination, WX, and known issue just happened to create a problem without a viable solution and the only way to know that was to solve the problem.
What a great story! I am not surprised that those who literally felt the weight of the terror over that time weren't keen to talk about it. Sure, Bill Messurier was the central figure and took the full brunt of the pressure but everyone involved in project serene held the secret and weight of the horror that could have occurred. Imagine the pressure on the team doing the remedial work?! Asking them to go back to that time could well bring on real PTSD moments.
Diane, you saved hundreds of thousands of human lives.
how a church almost killed 200000 people
La Measure twice and cut once.
Why have I heard SO MANY STORIES who's linchpin to the story is; "So, we didn't consider quartering winds" Maybe I'm just paranoid but... HOW DO YOU NOT?! And on a skyscraper no less?! I'm not yelling at them for doing it, I'm just baffled how it wasn't norm until THAT LONG.
"Not wanting to cause a mass panic" is a really funny way of saying "the company did not want to cause a drop in profits, and risked thousands of lives to make sure that didn't happen"...
If it’s proven that she lied about her marriage fraud (i.e., marriage to her own brother), she should definitely be denaturalized!  It’s time to clean up America from people who lie in their citizenship application and those who actually hate America and pledged allegiance during their naturalization oath ceremony.  Yes, given proof of above her false claims on naturalization application or sponsorship of terrorism against America, ship her back to Somalia!!!
I look at skyscrapers and I just can't trust them.  It doesn't look safe to me.  I try and stay out of them. 😂
67
a civil engineer, an architect, and a contractor walks into a bar....
The tragic Hyatt Regency hotel in Kansas City was built the same year as Citicorp Center (1978).  Contractors made cost cutting changes during construction and this caused the tragedy.  The Citicorp builders deciding to use bolts instead of welding followed the same pattern.
they ruined that beautiful church in to that ugly square blob.......
Just watchout for israeli terrorist
LeMessier did not make a mistake. His design had the braces welded. He discovered that they were bolted and fixed someone else's miscalculation.
that 40% amplification factor 😅
This could be a movie
Le Measure of ethical engineering.
We have a serious problem on Earth: we want to be associated only with our successes, but it is our failures that have made us strong. This mindset leads to a lack of accountability, fueled by fear of consequences, since failures are often persecuted and looked down upon. Instead, we should acknowledge that we are not perfect and own up to our mistakes with pride. They are what made us who we are today, better, stronger version of ourselves.
This is why they took so much care to make sure the Twin Towers came exactly straight down...to avoid that exact same "domino" effect that Structural engineer was trying to do here. Also notice they destroyed a beautiful old church to build this concrete box....and they also built a concrete bunker to house the church.... Imagine that,  a house of God right next door to the satanic motherfuckers at Citicorp? It's like Jesus living in a trailer on the corner of Hells lot.
The fault is not on the engineer; it is on the person who said we can use bolts instead, without the verification that the securement will work as well as welding.
Ofcourse they didn’t tell the public… ffs…
18:57 67
20:00 cause it's his fault that they used bolts huh ?
Diane Hartley is a hero. Not an intentional one, but she's saved countless lives.
bugs in a tree, out on a branch, chilln on a leaf -.-
It must've been surreal working in that building while they were welding in the joints.  Like...everything's the same, but...something's different...
Messurier twice, build once
Thumbnail looks like Vsause
every 67 years?
The truly scary thing is, most engineers would try to hide/bury it and NOT do something... So how many buildings out there, are not actually safe?
Im so mad about the old church getting replaced T-T
Moral of the story, never be afraid to ask questions.
The tragedy of this story is how they destroyed the beautiful church and replaced it with the ugliest, goofiest thing ive ever seen.
LeMessurier , Nomen omen. The fact his last name means the measurer, and he did not measure or calculate correctly, the building is hilarious.
I'm genuinely amazed that people could think like this. This is like 5 dimensional thinking. The 3D plane and everything beneath it, the environment around it making up the 4D and the imaginable internal factors like the buckling of the building make up that fifth dimension of innovation that went into the construction of this (originally-flawed) masterpiece, but I CANNOT blame the architects and engineers for failing to realize the mistake, even if in hindsight it was simple; 'cause I can't even build a house of cards. The fact that they made a flawed structure stand tall AND fix it when they realized it was flawed? That's damn near god-tier to me, with the power of creation being mastered by man; turning "nothing" into something. Something so complex, so intricately designed, so painstakingly simulated and thought-over til it went from a sketch on a napkin to a building that will reflect the sun's light across the city, and cast its shadow among the skyline's silhouettes for decades, if not centuries, to come.
67
What a great watch, thanks for your work Virtasium
What a great story.  I am not sure this level of care would happen today with so much being owned by venture capitalists
Shame for them to tear down that beautiful gothic church and replace with a grey block
Meh, as an structural Engineer with a PhD in computacional mechanics I came here hoping it was a good video but this is a weak one
14:50 That dude actually said "wreck havoc". Falmface. It's "wreak havoc".
19:11 so does the TMD work on power? i didnt understand the story every 67 years part
Crazy how church always makes it hard for people
Ahhh yes let's take this beautiful centuries old church and replace it with a giant moldy block of cheese
If you are certain of the outcome, regardless of what would really happen, and you live by a moral and ethical code, and you move to prevent the outcome as dictated by those codes then you have committed a neutral act. It is only if inaction is considered a neutral act that action should be considered virtuous. If the building had collapsed and thousands had died would prior knowledge without intervention have ever been perceived as morally or ethically neutral? As to not informing the public during the retrofit, while I would like to believe that they were engaging in some sort of trolley problem ethical dilemma where they had to weigh the non zero chance of nothing happening against one or more people possibly dying as a result of direct or indirect panic, it was more likely to have been about money with a thoughtful post rationalization.
The cheapest contractor got the contract.
Why would Davenport remain quiet? Do these people have no scruples?
For the sake of a stupid building whose only purpose is to provide a place for the not so bright to pretend that a magic man exists, many thousands of people are in grave danger of dying a horrible death. It's terrible that many people exist who will always think this is completely justified.
ImpervaTOWER A
My first thought was how does it support diagonal force... how was that never considered in the original design.
Absolutely tragic that they replaced that beautiful church with that monstrosity
This is why my fahzer said, do it right, once, the first time.
To @Jarrod_Naude and others criticizing the decision to tear down the old church and build a new one:  YOU ARE MISTAKEN IN MAKING THAT CRITICISM.  Why?  Watch the video again, at least from 1:20 to 2:20.  You'll hear - and if subtitles are on - you'll see that Citicorp met with the church's pastor, Ralph Peterson, who apparently wanted a new structure to replace the "... old, crumbling Gothic church with a brand new one..."  Pay attention, class.
For anyone else like me that doubts and winces at Derek's pronunciation of LeMessurier,  William James LeMessurier Jr. (/ləˈmɛʒər/; June 12, 1926 – June 14, 2007) was an American structural engineer. He worked on the Citicorp Center, Boston City Hall, the Singapore Treasury Building and the Dallas Main Center. He is known for having to reassess his calculations during the Citicorp Center engineering crisis.
I like the idea that if you ever spot a S.E.R.E.N.E. officer inspecting the office building you work in daily, know that you are in danger BUT ALSO don't panic 'cause they're working on it behind the scene.
The old gothic church was beautiful. I hate modern architecture.
this is kinda typical, make it cheaper not better.. honestly so many projects just for the greed and saving expenses led to catastrophe or almost led to catastrophe, for example 3 miles island - cheaper solution, Chernobyl - cheaper solution - bad graphite controll sticks ( had tungsten bolt, it was cheaper ),  The Banqiao Dam - engineer inistised to have 12 gates, only 5 were built, Hyatt Regency walkway collapse
The true tragedy was that they replaced a gorgeous church with an ugly post modern slope
" renamed it 601 lexington " yes its in a LLC under its address so its protected from suit
That lady is a genius at figuring out they crazy flaw
Not entirely unique as the man claims. Timber frame structures have employed triangulated loads for millennia
if only people like lemessieur were still around today. it seems like every big business just wants to destroy everything so long as they can profit.
The whole "don't cause panic" sounds good, but only doing repairs at night, minus time to clean up, had to have slowed the progress.
Who needs terrorists to bring down buildings when you've got junior structural engineers and accountants?
Fascinating.
SIX SEVEN !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the name of the structural engineer is William LeMessurier. not Bill LeMessurier....how did Veritasium get this wrong?
This is a great tale that helps bring attention to something that is a lot of times is not thought about by most people, engineering the technology that allows us to create such tall structures with reasonable expectations that they will not fail and fall down. Great story
Horrible decision making, any good business minded person would have ignored the questions and phone calls to claim plausible deniability and leave the contractors liable.
I’ll never step into a sky scrapper ever again after learning that they are all stabilized only with giant masses on electromagnetic dampers that can fail in a power outage.
Should've kept the church instead of putting some block.
18:55 SIX SEVENNNN
Today an engineer would not be allowed time to do this sort of retrospective analysis
This whole video i was thinking 'LeMeasure' what a cool name for an architect but then i saw how his name was written in the comments and ended up pretty disappointed
I cant believe they got rid of that church. madness
"replaced  this cool gothic church with this dumb bitch block" -  oh I hate citicorp now
They replaced that beautiful church with that cement block? M'kay ... The US sure does know how to erase history.
Over 40 meters long??? What the hell is a meter??? You’re talking about a building in the USA and using the metric system 😂 stop doing that!
Wow, that hurricane veering off at the last moment felt like a mercy from God. He noticed that the humans were trying to correct their mistake, and spared them. Probably because the only reason they were in this engineering mess was due to the church being there. So, there was a bit of karmic leeway.
Hey pharaoh, I’d like to try building a pyramid with most of the material missing from its base.  *is fed to crocodiles*
I'd like to have heard more about St. Peter's church.  If not for keeping the church, none of these engineering feats would have been contemplated.  How much danger would the church have been in with varying weather threats?
Insane. How does one thing get planned and then that's swapped mid project to save money? Bolts instead of welds is diabolical
I dont get it... if he designed as welds, and the people on site used bolts, hows this guy liable?
Guy Who Invented the building: I need you to do it this way. Random Guy: But I could save you money by not doing it that way...   What could possibly go wrong????
@22:56 ".... telephone lines..." Video shows electric power lines.
Is this the building used in the movie "Margin Call" ? I remember a roof-top scene that could look like it was on that building.
So it all started with a contractor that didn't feel like following the original design. The ol' save a buck mentality.
were gonna save 250 mil. No you aint son lol
18:54 6 7
What you plan for and what is ACTUALLY installed is something that needs to be documented and checked way more.  There are many structures where steel beams should be put in place and some workers steal them or set them in place wrong and all kinds of building mistakes.  Thats on top of math problems during the architecture like here.  And even THEN you can have some freak one in a lifetime storm or something that goes above what you calculated and it all goes down anyway.  Beside structural damages, like a bomb or a plane crashing into your building ; you cant make it indestructible to everything, but to have a fail-case that at least minimized the damage would be appreciated (as here it was told, if the structure falls, it will take other buildings down with it, and such a chain reaction is far worse than if a building just collapses on its own).
I see the Church was causing problems.. typical..typical..
67 years
And yet two planes collapsed, 2 buildings
6:48 you know what else is massive?
It's funny in building codes environmental loads are taken with 90degree intervals. In ship/offshore codes we start with sensitivity study to find critical zones, nevertheless we never increase the interval bigger than 30 degrees.
I really wonder who the person was that thought "the design says we need welds... nah let's just do bolts, I'm sure I don't need to double check this or anything". I know nothing of engineering or architecture but it seems that a change like that needs to be at least mentioned to the designer himself.
I like the narration but can we stop seeing the producer guy?
1:36 unforgiveable
What a wonderful story. No villain here. No negligent or irresponsible parties. Just competent professionals doing a good job.
Why would you get rid of a beautiful looking church like that though!??!? Replacing it with this ugly ass boring nonsense that doesn't even remotely look like a church
This is why you hire new graduates. This is also why you accept co-op students. No one will test your knowledge more.
This is basically proof, that 9/11 could have been an inside job...
7:50 That's wrong, look up the Jested Hotel Tower, it was built with a TMD a few years before.
So LeMessurier found out that "le measure" was wrong.
I see the old picture of the Gothic-style church. Woah! Cool! I see the blob that they replaced it with. . . wow. . . . . . . Speechless at how bad it is.
And that question was "what's the deal with airplane peanuts?"
Owing up to his mistake? What mistake? The fault was on the contractor that changed the plans
Sad that they removed an old gothic church :(
I’m not a structural engineer, but this was an amazing story!!! I do question the ethics of not telling the people working in the building about the possibility of it collapsing.  People should have their own agency in making these decisions.
no way they took down the church it hurt my soul to see that giant cube bro😭😭 europe could never
Shame that same level of ethics doesn't stretch to banks !
I can surmise the problem: they should have LeMessiered twice and cut once but they didn't.
18:53 That number changes everything
I bet the floor beneath the Tuned Mass Damper was “haunted.”
9:05 so is he an engineer or not?
I’d like to believe that no one except a rare sociopath would even consider this a dilemma (do I say something and save 1000s and potentially ruin my career or not?) But I think it would be expected that, given the enormous consequences, we’re likely to second-guess our conclusions or use any other rationalization that convinces us that we’re mistaken on the math or the odds. So the remarkable thing is that he stayed objective, re-checked his conclusions, and trusted that they were indeed in a heap of trouble. It’s also remarkable that they didn’t get that perfect storm in the months between construction and repair.
Can't believe they would tear down the old church for something that boring...
Couldn't even imagine stress LeMessier had. Great job!
u should change the cover photo, the student that discovered the flaw was a woman and that should be recognized
Good for the student who got a certificate of appreciation.
Imagine returning to the office late at night because you forgot something or there's some kind of emergency. Instead of the building being empty and quiet there's just hundreds of welders having ripped everything apart and they inform you that you have seen nothing. You nod, do the thing you came to do and leave. Next morning when you return there's no trace, at all, of anyone working overnight. Not only that, everything is spotless and pristine.  Do you: a). Not say anything. b). Spend the next few years tryning to convince other people that ninja welders are real?
Being an engineer myself this story is very familiar to me. It is so true that what you create as an engineer is like one of your children. You praise it, admire how it turned out and worry about it all the days of your life and when you die you pray for its continued success from heaven.
Excellent docu, thank you!
“You must do something!”  Exactly so….
Um... those lower bolts are taking the full weight of all above. On top of the play in joints making the tension and push forces weaker....   Im no engineer but that seems bad. Did this buildung have to redone or collapse.  (I just made it to the 4 bolts used as 14 are needed after I made this post.)  If I figured they needed more or to weld instead before reaching the reveal of mistakes.... What excuse do experts have....
Inglês precisa de um equivalente de "não fez mais que a obrigação"
I love how the solution to the building in the first place, the TMD, is like a modern reversed version of the way the Japanese made tall Pagodas to survive hurricanes/typhoons, tsunamis, and earthquakes.  In Pagodas, they use lots of triangular shapes on a square building and the center has a huuuge wooden pillar in it as a structural support, with the interlocking levels of the tower designed to sway freely around it. The TMD reverses this, with the building remaining still and the center stabilizing weight doing the swaying.  It's always fun to see a building idea pop up in multiple places across the world independently of eachother. <3
ew... they ruined a church that was much better good looking before.
It is the highest form of self-respect to admit our errors and mistakes and make amends for them
Wait, that BUNKER is the church?!?
I would avoid being near a building looking like that 100% of the time.
Oh good... only 1/1000 chance of thousands being crushed to death
The amount of waste of resources because of that church. They could have made big church on top of the building and with awesome view
Top 2 comments for me have thousands of likes and didnt watch the bideo for longer than 3 minutes Makes ya think
You must do something  You must do something
Why did they replace the beautiful old church with this monstrosity?
replacing that old church with a soulless slop of beton was such an awful decision, how can you act as if this was in any way a good decision?
All bcoz a bloody church......
I don't know a thing about engineering but this story was very interesting, psychologically, ethically and otherwise.
Absolutely criminal. Demolish and bring back the gothic Church
"How a Student's Question Saved This NYC Skyscraper" is an engineer's title. The project illustrates what can go wrong in absence of responsible leadership with enough in-depth knowledge. "How a Student's Phone Call Saved The Lives Of Boatloads Of NYC Citizens And Real Estate And Prevented Much Worse Liabilities"
man sure glad they got to make their crazy design but yeah also no empathy when they make their own problems harder.
He didn’t make a mistake. Corporate greed risked lives again, on both ends: the contractor who wanted to save money by using bolts and his help support desk who signed it off without involving the architect again.
I had to stop it after they showed what they did to that church and I’m not even religious. Disgusting
... so they tore down an old gothic church for the sake of making this brick? ... wow
Please tell me Henry is related to Dick 🙏🙏
"Let's place this old ugly gothic relic with a modern beautiful slab!" Architects are termites on society.
What they did to the church was worse than the potential colapse of the building.
It's ok boys. Wind only happens in one direction. 👍
That poor old church :(. The new one looks absolutely horrible.
When people want to be geniuses... should have hired Slartibartfast!😂
18:50 SIXXXXX SEVEN
what a f*k ugly building it is anyway
I saw this building on my way to a helicopter ride on my NYC trip, didn't know about this at the time but discovered it in a Dami Lee video.
lemessurier measured wrong
I wonder how many engineers just shrugged it off for some other buildings.
Wait, let me know if I’m getting this wrong, but they weren’t ready for hurricane Ella and they still didn’t tell people about the building? Does this sound like that was the right to have done?
As a project engineer, I know that people like LeMessurier exist, but are less and less able to get their voice heard in current competition. Only efficiency and low costs matter these days, and most engineers have to make a decision BETWEEN money, responsibility and time. If you pick the responsible way, your career might suffer.
the new chruch looks like a bunker
OK, so we see that this building is now safe. My question is about that sinking and leaning  building in San Francisco? From what I can learn about it, the foundation piles were not dug deep enough to reach bedrock, but rather half were to rely on friction in soft soils to hold the building up. Once the building was completed, it became clear that something was not working properly and the building has developed a lean as well as settled and is continuing to settle. I don't think that anyone is prepared to take charge and come up with a proper solution before the next earthquake strikes San Francisco!  Expect that building to be a key player in any earthquake that strikes San Francisco.  Mark from Melbourne Australia
Crazy, the beautiful old church went away for that awefull block….
Kind of makes me wonder how many death trap buildings are out there with mistakes that no hero came out to announce.
"We didn't want to cause panic so we just made everyone take a risk with their lives instead of telling them the truth."  This kind of thinking makes me so sick.  You screwed up, take your medicine.  Don't pass the risk onto the occupants.  Call the President if you have to.
New church is founded from Jeffrey Epstein
Thanks to the silent heroine
I had unknowingly assumed the student was a man.
All you need is some signatures from very motivated  people in order to create a disaster from my tax money
67?
I remember couple years back part of a big hackathon competition i was doing ctfs for my team and i was supposed to find what kind of tree is this Infront of this random building IT WAS THIS 601 LEXINGTON i remember it because of the weird ground design fun fact all the important tree around that area are given serial numbers i had no idea and was some how able to figure out after 3 hours its location in nyc and address after combing through 100s of random building pictures i will definitely visit it when i go to nyc being from chicago.
Nice, a damned firm just did what they want with no consult. I mean. yeah, LeMessier made a logical mistake and didn't calculate sudden 1.4. That's bad. But you know what HUNDRED TIMES worse? Switching to bolts from welding, that's insane.  It's not on this man. It's on some efficient Karen.
Useless video.  2 minutes in without mentioning the student who caught the error.  Fu.
New Jersey! :D
200km/h typhoon like that is practically yearly in the Philippines 😭
Peak engineering.
km not Km
14:48 *Wreak havoc, not wreck havoc
67
This isn't the story I had heard.
18:55 67🔥🔥🔥🔥
The greatest thing about structural engineering is that I can choose not to do it.
But you didn’t really explain in detail why exactly it was the 30th floor
And before even knowing how many floors the Citicorp building had I immediately knew the reason the 30th floor was the most at risk because I knew that however much floors the building had the 30 had to be more than half the total number of floors. Reason: at a lesser amount (counting from top to bottom) the forces and dynamics would be so little it could be counted as static but as it gets closer to the half way mark it would be noticeable but not dangerous because it would be negated by the upward opposite force of the rest of the building. But then as all those little movements and tensions increase along with the weight of the Newtons above(imagine being 100,000 fathoms under water you'd be crushed to death) and the floors above become greater in number than the floors below which are supporting the N above, even the slightest movements of the above floors would strain the lesser amount of floors below. Now factoring wind which increases all that force or N and this becomes a catastrophic problem. Lets say the lower part of the building's ability at anytime to bear load is 100N but the force being exerted upon it from above and around is 100Nx10000000. It's common sense. Force in this case doesn't increase by N+N but rather by NXN so by the time it got to more than half aka the 30th floor the building was in jeopardy and revealed this madman's stupidity.   How was this guy so stupid and careless! This is literally malpractice no different than a doctor using temporary sutures on an arteries and then giving the patient adrenaline.
I understand why America doesn’t have beautiful building basically
How does a top engineer who has his own firm possibly, and consults on building integrity and even lectures and understands physics not facture in his calculations non static conditions of freaking skyscraper? That's like a cattle farmer not realizing that cows can wander of when they graze so he doesn't install fencing. If I were the city I would review every bit of construction he was ever involved in.
What a story. Good on him for doing the right thing and contacting the appropriate people
Henry van Dyck... sexeh fella. 💪🏻🔥
Imagine someone doing what the engineer had specified and all that extra work and risk would have been avoided. Just remember every building and bridge has inferior parts and products than what it was designed for to save some money.
The old church looked like a legit church. The new one looks like the lair of some JW-themed scammers.
1:37 Man, what a downgrade. Couldn't they just have renovated the church?
no one has yet made a skyscraper damper that would generate electricity  that would be extra useful since it is possible to "tune" the damper for various scenarios and  second main benefit is obvious
I am a retired engineer.  After working with an older drafter for many years a new drafter and myself discovered the old guy had been saving changes on floppy disks and not the company hard drive as was required.  This was not even a tiny bit as devastating as is described as this video was.  However it caused myself and other engineers massive problems.  Your heart drops out of your body when you realize the implications.
How one person who pissed in the wind taught everyone a valuable life lesson.
Who was the student?! I mean they kind of saved the entire thing?
Morally you must do something. He had morals, so he did something but we see buildings collapsing all over and those involved roaming about....no moral values
As an engineer, I would age 10 years within a year if this would happen to me. I can’t imagine the stress.
I hate to second guess "the experts" but how on earth did they not think of diagonal winds in the first place? Look at how the building is built. That would obviously be the biggest risk, and they never thought to even consider that till they already built and opened the thing?  Forgive me if I don't automatically trust that they've made it safe even now. If they didn't think of the most obvious thing in the world for this design (the corners are floating, of course the biggest risk in this case is a diagonal pressure, normally that's not so because the corners are solid on the ground), why would I trust that now, they've thought of everything?  I don't. It's probably not safe now either.o
i can't decide if this was better or worse for bill, 'cause the flaw WASN'T based on his engineering, sure he hadn't considered winds hitting the building at a diagonal but his original design still would have been sufficient, but the company and contractors he trusted made a risky decision behind his back to change his designs and their new designs were woefully inaddequate and put thousands at risk, so now his options are take responsibility for a problem he didn't create, place responsibility where it belongs and potentially get kicked out of his company and sued, or not do anything, as well as whether or not he should go public about it  in the end, he was graceful enough to take responsibility, but people SHOULD BE SO MUCH MORE ANGRY that they were in danger and nobody bothered to warn them ahead of time, "Many of you may die, but it is a risk I am willing to take"
I appreciate the fact that you said “damp” instead of “dampen.” Thank you! Rain dampens. Dampers damp.
18:57 67...?
The New Yorker article is great. It gives you a more on-the-ground perspective of how they got the job done before the impending hurricane. They pulled in welders from all over the tri-state area. Working all night at overtime or double time wages.
14:49 It's mot "wreck havoc" it's "wreak (pronounced like reek) havoc".
harsh opinion.. the old crumbling gothic church was so much nicer than that thing.. sad
Advertising mid story sucks.
Call the union and get a small army of welders seems like the obvious solution lol
They replaced that beautiful gothic church with that concrete block? Call the architecture police now
And then they arrested the person who switched the welds for bolts for endangering thousands of people for greed right? Right? Nah he probably got paid in full and insurance paid out the rest. Wouldn't surprise me if the same party got a share of that 4 million repairs contract too. 'murica. Where being dumb is equal to being happy.
Peple demonize mistakes because they need someone to blame. But I fewl that there should be a legal grace period where you can admit your error. Of course it needs to be investigated.   If the error occurs outside of standard practicess, like here, then no punishment will be administered.  If the error falls inside standard practices, then steps will be taken for neglagence, and the punishment is administered accordingly, but reduced due to moral honesty. If the error was deliberate, there is no clemency and the person faces all charges of neglegence and other criminal charges.  If the person doesn't admit their mistake once they learn of it, or they try to misdirect or hide the mistake and their involvment, then whatever their punishment is would be amplified.   This would encourage honesty and prompt more people to admit mistakes that could not only save lives, but just brighten the world over all.  This is obviously never going to happen, and companies would take full advantage of a system like this, but it would be nice to universally praise honesty instead of condem mistakes.
Careful, it could collapse and cause certain folks to dance..
Oh look, someone has "borrowed"  a video idea.
It's bizarre to me that this man is praised for having owned up to his firm's mistakes, when it's just the right thing to do. How societally backwards is to have the standard be to cover up
1:36 Replacing that beautiful gothic church with whatever that is should actually be a crime.
This is exactly the way how to cope with such a situation
That aint no church
The old church was magical I can’t better replace it with this cube
Hats off❤
18:53 67
Modern architecture = lets tear down beautiful historic building and let's build an abomination instead 😂
Destroing a beautiful church to build that crap should be considered criminal activity
Hey, this was an episode of "Numb3rs".
srsly - what was the question? 10 minutes excursion and explanation for 4 year olds...  Tell us the problem, and and then the question asked.
Dodgy Khants. And glorified for fixing their FK ups. Wankers
The building is a ugly modern architectural monstrosity. They should’ve just torn it down and make something beautiful.
the old church looked so much better bruh
That’s not the first building in moonhattan { jetsons name for Manhattan } 😮, there’s alots of building with structural issues and dangerous issues 😮😊in the words they have built plenty of lemons 🍋 😮😢
This thing...  ( even before watching the video cause I know it )  Is defination of "an architect's dream is an engineer's nightmare " Yep Visual Marvel , but also can crash like Marvel Studios are doing rn.
God saved the building by changing the direction of the hurricaine. Just imagine He didn't do that: which story would we telling now?
That story only makes me feel much more insecure about civil engeneering. How can a group of engineers designing an innovative structural arrangement ommit a complete risk analysis and its mitigation plans for each scenario? In a multimillion dollars project they change weldings by bolts like this? Jesus Christ! Somehow I'm saying to myself "this is the american entrepreneurs' way of doing business on buildings". From Brasil, Campinas. God, save us.
Dianne, thank you for being one of the many women in history that ask the damn questions!!!
that church is a huge downgrade
only americans(and communists)  cand destroy a church like that and build a shitty thing like the one today.
Instead of adding cornering wind calculations...they should also add...builders shouldn't be allowed to change the plans to "save money" when they have ZERO idea of WHY the building is being built in an unusual way.
The usage of AI in this video really disgusted me
really bad to keep this so long a secret. People should know.
"Old, crumbling gothic church" my butt, they destroyed a bit of beautiful history there.
A true man plants the seeds of trees for others knowing that he will never live to sit beneath the shade of its leaves
they destroyed an old gothic church!!!Jesus the ignorance amazes me!!!
he looks like vsause
I should be studying for my law test, or sleeping... But instead I'm watching a video about the civil engineering of a building in a city 8200km (5100mi) away from me. And I'm not even mad! Really nice content, congrats! (for you who produced it, and for LeMessurier and his student for saving the building and countless lives).
They replaced a beautiful church with that piece of shii? 1:42 minutes and I'm out. It doesn't matter to me what he did or how he solved it. It isn't worth it.
Why does 60s people hate gothic architecture so much ??
This was a pretty big coverup, makes you think about how often we are kept in the dark about life and death matters
To this day, I need atleast 10 person to verify my calculation, if someone else picks up the responsibility to approves it the better. Bloods on my hand terrifies me. I rather be buried under thousands of roadwork projects than buildings that is goddamn tall HAHAHA
Didnt consider non-orthagonal wind???  WTF?  And these people got PAID for their work?  And they told no one???  "No one wanted a mass panic"  lmao you mean "Billionaire ruling class didn't want to lose a few days income"   Not a fan of how much this video idealizes the corporate greed putting lives at risk.
18:53 ... 67?
the church looked better before
1:36 omfg they did dirty with that church.. modern architecture is so garbage
These comments are ridiculous. It's truly a sign of the era that we laude people for doing the bare minimum and saving their own skin. He knew he couldn't go silent because the building would have collapsed. He obviously wanted to live and keep his high status job. He essentially had no choice. It's also glossed over by commenters that he went and consulted with lawyers first to protect him from a mistake he is ultimately responsible for!!!! How long did that take?? Also staying silent on the matter after completion of the upgrades left this issue open for other people to make the same mistake!!!!
Crap design
An architect with the name lemeasure?
So they made the building like a bunch of wooden fence gates.
This church is hideous. That gothic church was art.
I'm a devout catholic and since recently also engineering student and I got extremely sad when I saw what they did to that church
God Bless all those involved to make this correction before disaster could happen.
67 years!
Not enough people are willing to admit mistakes on that scale. If this kind of thing happened today, LeMessurier would've pushed into silence and disaster would've struck.
You're a shill. May Carma get you!
that design has to be the most moronic thing i've ever seen. obviously bound to fail
so a couple thousand people almos died because someone wanted to cut corners and save a couple bucks? peak capitalism right there.
18:55 six seven??? (IM SORRY I HAD TO)
Ok but there's no way a skyscraper can stand on popsicle sticks, bro shoulda known lmao. I get it engineering miracle etc. but why make something that's so delicate 😭
kinda dumb design in the first place they made struts supporting the superior level, if they where dimensioned properly there would be no issue, but that's "kinda dumb" because bracing ties would be lighter as they don’t need the same thickness to resist deformation under load like struts do...   a ballpark number i found looking it up is15% heavier for steel.
18:53 how many years?
What an evil sob. Thought about letting it go and offing himself are you kidding me? Cheered on the press black out so nobody found out? Let ppl go work in there everyday even before repairs? Not a good guy.
I'm not a certified engineer. I did some studies, in college, on the subject. Just looking at the structure, it resembles one that I saw, in Seattle. A tall building built above and around a small building. This video explains, very well, how the structural components work, and how to get around such unique problems. It is not common that everyone would be in agreement to go forward with the money, and to fix the mistakes. It's also incredible to hear that the original firms were not terminated and replaced, and sued. The amount of luck, in this story, is frightening.
67
22:57 ... showing overhead mains power lines while talking about telephone lines? Anyone with half a clue would be aware that phone lines in NYC in the 1970's ran underground.
Everyone is saying that it's good that LeMessier owned up to his mistake, but wouldn't the building have been structurally sound if his blueprints were followed and they decided to weld the beams instead of bolting them? Am I missing something?
This makes me appreciate the thought going in to structures after watching all of the buildings that are collapsing in China.
Only America can remove a Gothic church!!! Instead of saving what little historic architecture they have.😤😮‍💨
He should have LeMessurired twice
Its terrible ethics unless they missed a lot out.  Scraping the absolute bottom of the barrell minimum of repairing a dangerous building isnt "good ethics", it's basic normal behaviour.  This feels more like a propaganda piece in part.
America today is worse thana fascist nazi state, how unfortunate, if they didnt kill babies and innocents everywhere americas legacy to the world would be widely admired mainly because all the best from all the world went there. So much they have given but its time for china and russia to end this fascist state
Demolishing that gothic church should be a crime punishable by at a minimum life in prison lol ... absolutely horrible.
"architects dream engineers nightmare" said some engineer
Lmao, I've known this for years! Queens NY represent baby
"K" bracing is used in most corporate/office buildings. They are like the new archway.
The greatest tragedy here is replacing that beautiful gothic church with... that. Disgusting. Absolutely vile.  Won't leave, but absolutely fine with worshiping God, the Lord of that is beautiful, in that vomit inducing block of steel.
1:30 This should be a crime punishable by execution. How could they possibly demolish that beautiful gothic cathedral and replace it with that monstrosity? Absolutely abhorrent.
Yeah, demolishing that church was criminal.
"Chief engineer, architect and project manager killed in three seperate tragic high speed collisions with buttresses." - is what the news would say if that happened today.
Not walking close to that building ever.
They broke into to their tenants offices and moved around furniture without consequences?  Some companies might have sensitive data in their offices that someone might have seen during the repair.
years ago and without any qualification as a structural engineer and seeing that building for the first time , I knew that building design was flawed and I bet any of the construction workers who worked or pass by   that building and  saw the design ,  came up to the same conclusion ,  is too obvious , being born in a country with lots of earthquakes  , make you aware of many things and construction is the first one , the student just have the courage to mention it  , that design would have never be allowed in my country , obvious reasons
Separation of Church and State…
Reminds me of that episode from NUMB3RS... miss that nerdy show
LeMessieur- you have your place in heaven. God bless you for showing real strength - you were  really one solid foundation.
Destroyed a beautiful church for a stone block😂😂, I’m Christian and this isn’t even about religion its about a beautiful piece of architecture being destroyed
Hard to watch this as Veritasium got electricity so wrong in a past video...
As a complete layman in architecture, I'd have gone my whole life not knowing this. Thank you.
Seems like his design wasn't at fault - replacing weld joints with bolts was the problem. Builders, manufacturers & fabricators should not really change designs - these can lead to catastrophic results. One fatal example of this is the Hyatt Regency Hotel walkway collapse.
Pigs made a huge blunder, gambled with peoples lives and now you are turning them into heros ???? There should be accountability and jail for these carless assholes
Funny how the Pressman's Union #2 strike in 1978 came out of nowhere. Nonetheless, it is simply amazing that out of panic a New type of Engineering Skyscrapers was created.
The old gothic church looked a billion times better, the new thing, looks like something you build in minecraft in your first world.
I just want to know how they welded those plates on.  They showed the beams with the big feet(?) where the 2 beams meet.  Then those feet(?) disappeared and a big metal plate was there.  I assume those feet can’t just be removed to make the surface flat, so what did they have to do?
Excellent show!!!
The contractor never sent out the RFI.
The prayers of the saints of Saint Peters Church should not be discounted.
This would be a damn good movie
4:40 I know this guy, right? Like obviously he’s in this YouTube video/channel but I’ve seen him somewhere else…
should've built it like a cylinder; a skyscraping pringles can!
Imagine how many builders building are in alot more dangerous situations then people really under I build a 20 ft high carport and that thing swayed and. It made me nervous so I installed some metal cable turn buckles on it just because a family had an rv parked under it it’s ok to second and third guess your work
"Old Crumbling Gothic Church" replaced by this soulless monstrosity? Humanity has lost it's way.
In the end, the tragedy that did occur was that they replaced that ol' church with a shiny lunchbox.
6-7 years he say
Diagonal wind force is 1.4  I wonder if it's a coincidence that measuring a square diagonally is about the same
It is really confusing when there are three different kinds of tons. short ton, metric ton and imperial ton and all of them are called as ton.
The fact that  you use kilometers is a slap  in the face .
Thank you, Jesus...
Church people were completely unreasonable: it all started because THEY demanded the church not be integrated in the building. If they had been integrated not only would it have been a whole lot SAFER for everyone, but they could have had a much BIGGER church. Plus it's not hard to make a part of a building visually distinct from the rest, with colors, ornamentation, the shapes of the windows, like it still would have been clear the the church space and the office space are different, and i reiterate: it would have been a lot safer. They knew they were malking things difficult for no reason because they would have BENEFITTED from the integration. But they had to throw a tantrum and demand to stay right where they were. Frankly the deserve the ugly ass "makeover" their church got.
That’s truly amazing! It should be applied to many aspects of life—especially given the situations we face in the world today.
Awful building. And they demolished a historic cathedral to build it.
The new Church is hideous
Just like the 9-11 towers that fell way too easy!
21:55 basically the domino effect?
amazing
Cutting costs in structural components will ultimately result in higher expenses..
So, they wanted to save a few hundred thousand to use bolts instead. Then they had to spend millions on order to change the bolts to welding.  Good job citicorp
Could just threw the church kids out and build something useful
Kilometers, not Ka-lum-miters* LOL.
How A Student's Question Saved This NYC Skyscraper*
Greatest You Tube video for me.
Cool.  I work on the 29th floor of this building.  Didn't even know the weird building next to us was a church.
Wow, too bad both owner companies refused to talk about this with you even though Bill himself would talk about it.
I see the thumbnail and tittle have changed... again  Ps: literally was mid watching it yesterday
So you're saying that two students called the company to ask about quartering winds but one of them got to talk right to Bill?
How did he have any idea not to answer the phone when NYT was calling even though that was before caller id. came out?
Wow, amazing that they'd not only weld but be able to patch and repaint the drywall holes a given floor overnight!
Psch, suicide just because you're worried about a really bad outcome of your maladjusted design? That'd be ridiculous and it wouldn't solve anything or even make him unaware of it after his mortal body failed!
If the storm knocks out power then the building is in more trouble? You showed us TMDs but never mentioned that they're electric or electrohydraulic. That pendulum isn't. Why would the fluid-cushioned one they used be; why would it not self-center?
Why wouldn't he know what his own company was doing?
"PEN * juh * lum"?  No. * "PEN * dyuh * luhm."
"...What we call the building shear..." Pschh, that guy should've just said "...the building shear" _directly._ It's not as if that term isn't just a nickname.
And then I was was smarter than I was before hurumph
"When he made a terrifying discovery."  So he looked at it?
Changing titles again dude? Is it really worth trashing your reputation for some extra views like this?
What was the question
Change the name again I've only seen this one twice.
At a certain point, I wonder what's worth it. Even as an artist myself who is obsessed with beauty and aesthetic, I would just be way too stressed to design buildings if they weren't 1000% structurally sound enough to withstand even 110 km/h winds...I'd rather have a bunch of classic looking buildings anyway ;-)
Excellent video. However, I would have liked to hear more about the decision-making around keeping it secret until the repairs were completed. His "we need to protect people from their own reactions by keeping them ignorant" doesn't hold a lot of water with me without understanding the full context. It would have been very expensive/difficult to clear the area until repairs were done, but with thousands of lives at stake... who were they to decide for everyone? I dunno, makes me distrustful of the corporations making decisions about my safety, rather than admiring that they actually did something to fix their mistake that put lives at risk in the first place.
Great video it’s amazing and at 18:54 it got so tuff
So, the only real tragedy was the destruction of such a beautiful church.
Imagine you having this bright idea to save the company a half a million dollars, and none of you smart enough to really know what you're doing... to find out you ended up costing the company 5 million. People, huh. The biggest disaster was rebuilding the church. It went from a unique thing of beauty, to a common and forgettable side piece.
hey just making sure u welded those beams right? nah we bolted them U WHAT?!?! lol if it was me to be 100% extra safe i would weld and bolt never hurts to be extra safe they just greedy on money instead of safety
Wow this really makes architects look bad IMO. Where is some oversight? Who is checking these peoples' math? Why wouldn't anyone think about quartering winds when they're looking at how the building holds up to wind?? It didn't even cross anyone's mind. Makes you wonder how good the math was on all the other buildings
What a great lesson.
That is insanely upsetting. Selling this as a success is disgusting. They made mistakes bolting instead of welding. They forgot to calculate quartering winds. They lied. They hid the danger from the public. They snuk into offices at night to work on steel beams. They applied bandaid solutions. And they would've kept it a secret even after they "fixed" the problem.  NOTHING about this should be praised. Everyone involved should lose their licences and they should be fined or imprisoned.
Sounds like the company and its investors who changed the design for monetary gain bolting instead of welding joints is the problem the engineer did good
Thank you. Excellent work as always
People here say LeMessier owned up to his mistakes, but how could he?   He designed it with welds, not bolts. His company decided to switch to bolds and never told him, let alone let him run any calculations. He made no mistake. He designed it as strong as possible, not just as strong as needed. And true, its fairly normal for on site engeniers to change stuff from "as strong as possible" to "as strong as needed", especially when that saves massive amounts of money, but again: That is not LeMessiers mistake.   LeMessier took the blame for someone else changing his plans. He did not own up to his mistakes, because he did not make one.  He showed leadership by doing sth he was not required to do. He took responsibility for a mistake made by others, because he felt that it was proper to do so, because it was his plan. Maybe he felt that he should have better explained why welds are needed, but how could he. He did not even consider the special case as it was not done at that time. So at best he took responsibilty by checking his past work, now that new information was available.
Couldn't they just build the tower on a 45° to keep the stilts on the corners?!
That’s so horrible. They destroyed irreplaceable history and art.
The Gothic Church looked beautiful before.
The fact the building wasn't closed it's very telling how much control companies have over government. And the professor teaching students to lie and hide things is also very telling.
In 2025, no one would stay on top of something this hard, or even think twice about their mistakes.
He done a mistake, greatfully he's a great man himself to admit his mistakes and solve rather than anchoring on his ego like others would've done...surely..
18:55 BOIZZZ
Imagine having a tuned mass damper as the center piece in your penthouse, that would be awesome
Know nothing abt architecture but stilts are an ignorant idea for a skyscraper. Church, why would anyone approve this?
how about building a smaller building? like.. that would be the easiest thing to do but they didn't think about that very long.
Wasn't it one of his students that figured it out?
It sounds similar to the forgotten tension calculation for the cantilevered portion of Falling Water.
In 1978 (or 79) I visited a former roommate who knew people who worked at Citicorp. He told me that there were people inside the building at night welding. He was laughing.  "Yeah, the whole thing could have come down". I distinctly remember this story because at the time I was showing my work in a gallery on West 57th Street and walked under the building many times.
The funny part is that the Japanese figure out this years before when it came to swing the buildings
I think every building that has brutalist architecture needs to be replaced with something better.
I appreciate the video overall, but really irritated by the AI generated animation
21:47 what kind of dumb question is that? Do you know what happened on 9/11?
You couldn't just restore the old church? Another thing ever church in the US is a baby compared to most in Britain and Ireland.
Payoff the right people.
My heart sank when learning they destroyed that beautiful historical church just to build that. The engineering is marvel but damn. Really?
It seems deeply morally wrong to discover and be fully aware of the very real possibility of a catastrophic structural failure and not notify those living and working within the danger zone. If you look at mass dangerous events people do not panic in the manner that those that consider themselves to be able to make life and death decisions for others assume. I want to know facts and make my own decisions about my own safety. I'd  not laud anyone as a hero in this story except for the student who discovered the problem.
Man, as a bridge structural engineer this video has impacted me in a way I can't even describe
Structural engineers have one job….. to design safe structures 🤦🏻‍♀️
that church downgrade is so tragic. god, how ugly
Manhattan
18:54 67
The ones that altered the building should go to jail for life.
It should be demolished. Their money is more valuable than human lives.
The real crime here is they tore down a beautiful church and replaced it with what I would call a brutalist chunk of concrete and steal. Kinda gross!
Looking bold and different while endangering the people who'll be working in that thing that only care about getting home to their families. We've reached the peak of these concrete and glass Crapchitecture. Let's go back to Tartarian buildings.
Imagine if everybody had the integrity to admit a massive mistake instead of trying to cover it up
It was a church 😮🤔
With braces like these, who needs anemones!
110 k? We use Imperial here in the States.
18:57 Every 67years? 67?!
I talked to a few americans recently marvelling at our beautiful inner city in vienna and they complained about the US not having history like that. YOU DO BUT STOP TAKING IT DOWN INSTEAD OF PROTECTING IT
The way this bozo tries to make himself the hero after realizing he screwed up so dumb
Citicorp sounds like an ARG
That looks strange 2:25
I hate that feeling! When you suddenly wake up in the middle of the night and realize your invention could suddenly kill thousands of people at any moment. Were so lucky he didn't just cover this up and blame others or wait for trajectory to strike.
I was so damn locked in on this video until this number showed up 18:53
no mention of the Grade steels used or of the Bolts??  How do you reverse Calc without those vitals??
Who else didn't know that the modern church was even a church? It looks nothing like a church.
The quote you must do something shows how much a legend he actually was let’s celebrate that
Thanks for the upload and I feel you on your perspective. I think they have an amazing show and its really deep if you understand the language in the code that takes place in the NBA  and S Jackson is incredibly smart writing scripts making movies inspiring movements let me let me stop.  Love
Could they use this block to produce electricity?
Why not construct the building so that the church is on side of the building, not the corners
SIX SEVEN 18:53
media blackout and the hurricane changing direction at the last minute, talk about alot of luck.
The church before was so GORGEOUS!!! I’d love to see and visit such a marvel someday. Hopefully in other countries they didn’t tear down something so beautiful!
The softness of that bread cannot be replicated, my favorite when I was little
1 plane and it's done
Simply wonderful!  A truly ethical professional.  I definitely see God's hand in this.... How that student had the chance to speak to Bill; how that storm veered away from New York while repairs were still underway.... Hare Krishna!
LeMessurier showed that while it is very easy to run away and leave it all in the hands of fate he made the moral decision above his own existence to take something he created that was flawed and do something about it before the consequences could play out. While not perfect, he is a man of integrity for taking responsibility knowing what was at stake and I'm glad his efforts were praised when the news came out, it should be and it is something that everyone can learn from in some way.
It was supposed to be welded in the first place. If it was welded it wouldn’t have mattered half as much.
Thumbnail looks like clouds buster sword from final fantasy 7
Meanwhile I got to my boss: "this is super unsafe". He goes "well its too expensive".  Amazing that someone actually cares about lives for once.
dogs
If I weld new metal to replace corroded structural parts on a car, it'll pass inspection; if I bolted the new metal on, it fails.
to coin a phrase of intelligent people - " the more you know, the more you know how much you DON'T  know "
Why would you not check wind shear from every direction? And specify welds instead of bolts? Another so called "expert" out done by a student.
I hardly ever dedicate more than 10 minutes to any youtube video. But yours are so well made and the content is so rich, i put no time limit to watching. Good stuff, Derek.
So they just lied to people even when they know it wasnt as safe anymore? You just robbed people of their own choice to be in that area. What a hero 😑
The old church was beautiful, the new one looks like a roll on deodorant.
We have really regressed. We used to build pyramids that couldn't tip over.
reminds me of that Numb3rs episode
And then we would never have Suits
*2:04** "LeMeSSurIER" not "LeMeasure" !!!!!* 🙄🤡
Uh oh, not again.
My only question is how do you build a building over another building. Yes I am the owner of building A floors 1 and 2. Building B is owned by someone else but occupies the same space.
Funny thing is that I've gone to the food court that's at the base of the building every so often, and I sometimes forget this is the monstrosity hovering over it.  Also, every now and again, the building rumbles slightly. Always a joy to be aware of while I'm having a bite to eat.
18:55  Bruh. How is this number so common?
18:56 67....? SIX SEVEN?
How would he be ruined if the contractor and the firm messed up?
It only takes 1 leg..
He´s a compassionate man and was protected because he wanted to correct himself. I have to praise this man. And so did higher forces to help him from deep guilt as he wanted to heal the building. Mad respect. Thou the church looks like a factory. R.I.P and salute to you for staying true to correcting your work.
Yet again, religious people making things far more difficult out of stubbornness for no reason.
If I'm in a skyscraper that starts to sway, I'm hightailing out of there!
Untill now I only knew this building as the "SUITS" Building ... Where the office of the Best Closure of New York was
why is no one talking about the 67 in 18:54
I thought hurricane season was ova!
Great video. Going to explore now🫡
Humility and being ethical saved lives a silent hero
I don’t think this properly credits, the student who made the discovery.    He confirmed it after calculation, but I understand a student working on a project initially made the discovery.
Awful engineer
Ironically that "old and crumbling" gothic church was built 100x better than this new monstrosity.   Thank you urban renewal for destroying another classic building.
The  building has nothing on the White House!!!
Into 6-7 YEARS
As usual, religion...
I have question though, why did they decide to put the whole building on stilts when only one corner was needed to be cut out for the church? Why not just beams in the corners for the other corners?
He lived up to his name and did the measuring   Not his fault they did not weld
Vancouver has a building where the tower is on a middle pedestal of sorts. The main central core elevator shaft and stairs.
leave it to a guy named "le measure" to mess up the measurements
18:55 67 you say?
18:57 67.
I think there are 2 dangerous ones
1:38 😢 this old gothic church wasn’t “crumbling”, it just needed maintenance. Look at cologne and other magnificent gothic churches in Europe!
1:37 that is disgusting
I hate statics so much
Abandon New York!
Could all of this have been avoided by only cutting off the one corner for the church and  ot all four? Why was that done anyway?
Really makes you think about how many looming disasters are right under our noses without our knowledge, and how many people are working frantically to keep these disasters from our knowledge until they're gone.
20:06 this man went through emotional turmoil so bad he thought about a very specific way to kill himself. Just because his company wanted to save money by using bolts instead of welds. Absolutely insane to think this man had the lives of thousands in his hands, and it all could've gone very, very wrong. In a way, he's kind of a hero.
He didn’t really invent the tuned mass damper though, the technology had been used in Japan for the construction of temples for hundreds of years
I find it disturbing that this kid thinks the new church is better than the old Gothic church. Because there's no way.
Designing a building like that to preserve a beautiful old gothic church is one of the most amazing ideas I've ever heard, but building that skyscraper like that only to demolish said Church and build some ultra post-modern looking wedge piece of s***is the most asinine retarded thing I've ever heard in my life!
You know what they say; LaMessurier once, cut twice.
Ngl I wont really want to watch the videos without the real guy
18:56 67 weres the 67 kid
the real crime of this whole thing is how they tore down that architectural beauty and built something that looks like the house i build on my first night in a new minecraft world.
New York City is a ticking deathtrap in my opinion, the buildings are very old at this point which means it only takes one disaster to topple everything down.   Hurricanes have never hit new york city directly before right? can those skyscrapers even stand 250 mph winds all it takes is one act of nature and new york city could become uninhabitable.
Everyone’s talking about the church but honestly I think it’s for the best they replaced it. Having such a stylistically different building crowded by modern ones would just look odd. Also the new ones kinda cool in a way
67 years.... 6-7!!!!!!! (Ik what he means jus tthat i feel like being the weird one idk)
So basically, the church tried to kill thousands of people, again.
I accidentally watched 10 minutes of this video in preview mode before finally deciding to click on it
constantly changing thumbnails is a new level of clickbait scumbaggagery ive never witnessed before
10 mins in and 4 seperate ad breaks already.  This level of greed is pretty dissturbing, don't you have enough money already?
you should make movie about  this building
it is a sin that that old gothic style church was torn down !!!!!
I feel like this wasn’t his mistake at all tho, none of this would have been a problem if they had followed his original plans
WHAT?! True leadership requires making mistakes, owning up to them and fixing them. I think its a waste when you hide instead of showing how you handled the crisis AND WHAT YOU LEARNED.
Shame on all who cut corners to “save money” if they had FOLLOWED DIRECTIONS, none of that would’ve happened. I would be so mad If I gave specific instructions and ppl IN MY FIRM did the opposite.
wow. An oversized table with a fancy jenga tower.
Don’t even need a plane to knock this one down, just a stiff breeze will do
Nobody mentions Hurricane Sandy in 2012. The building survived it, the repairs worked! Were quarterly winds involved? I don't know.
mentioning the church just to show that coorporate greed even fks over religion here on earth ...
NOBODY would recognize THAT building as A CHURCH... sad af  looks like a warehouse , but nothing for living beings
1:43 erm… someone explain the logic
At 18:59 and 20:43, why is the loss of electric power relevant to the operation of the TMD, if the TMD operates by springing a large mass?  Why is electrical power important?
Gravity load..  bs term
I don't undestand why anyone involved would be reluctant to talk about this. A problem was discovered and it was resolved in an incredibly timely manner. Everyone seems to have done exactly what they were supposed to do in order to prevent harm, and they kept civilian minds at peace while also planning for evacuation if necessary. If every situation was handled like this, many disasters could've been prevented.
67
lemeasure twice cut once
Yo it’s a cloud buster sword from FF7
This is why I love London so much. They solve these problems with 10x more class and style, and it wouldn’t have involved destroying the church.
Wtf destroys a gothic church only to settle for a church looking like a cube
They made a sail when trying to make a building; when you over engineer so much, you make a complicated piece of trash...
durak
They changed his design from welds to bolts. He's not responsible for the crisis.
Great story. You can see the lifetime of stress on his face.
People didnt think of diagonal wind? How in the world was that outside of their train of thought when designing a building? When has wind only came from 4 directions?
Incompetence at its finest
That church must have a lot of faith
All this because they wanted to cut corners and save money.
I believe there used to be like 3 building that are more dangerous
Good on him for getting the mistake fixed!!  It's an opposite story to Sampoong Department Store collapse in 1995. The owner who went against engineering advice then knew it would collapse just cowardly, silently, left for his own safety.
Very interesting video as usual, though it is absolutely wild to me that the option of not doing anything is even considered, and fixing the problem that is 100% garanteed to kill thousands is seen by so many people in the comments as heroic. Are Americans okay...?
18:56 67!!!!
Fantastic and fascinating expose. Thanks
A STORM HAPPENS EVERY 67 YEARS???  OMG ITS A PROPHECY
18:55 67!!!!!!!!!!!
I wonder if it would collapse into its own footprint
What's crazy to me is that, with a worst case hurricane heading for the building, they sit around for 24 hours doing nothing. They could have summoned every skilled welder and worker within the continental US to get those plates installed now. But no, then people would find out! Better wait by the phone until you have to call the police and start a mass panic.
In both Canada (where this originated) and the US, there is a custom (not any kind of requirement, just a custom) of a newly licensed engineer receiving a small piece of jewelry called an Iron Ring.  This ring is work on the pinkie of the dominant hand, and serves as a constant reminder that when engineers make mistakes, people die. The rings are not made of historical metal (there is a false legend that they are made of metal salvaged from the Quebec Bridge disasters, but that type of steel is not suitable for jewelry) but the Canadian practice was directly inspired by the Quebec Bridge disasters.  The Quebec Bridge, a rail bridge at Quebec City, Quebec, Canada, collapsed during construction, TWICE, because of engineering errors, both times with heavy loss of life.  Rudyard Kipling was asked to write a ceremony, known as The Calling of an Engineer (the details of most of the ceremony are kept private, although the promise, not an oath but a promise, the Engineer being Called makes is known, and it essentially is a promise to own up to mistakes, accept criticism and correction, and ask for help as needed).  I also ran across a story about one engineering professor's introductory lecture in a first-year engineering course.  He told the students something along the lines of, "If you are right in this course 90% of the time, you will earn an A+.  If you are right 90% of the time in your professional work, you will spend the rest of your life in prison for gross negligence."  Reality is extremely unforgiving of engineering errors.
just too many ads dumped like every 2 min, i love your videos but have dislike every one such as this.
Of this whole story and all the details... my biggest takeaway is admitting failure, hitting the alarm bells and immediately getting to correct a potentially huge disaster.
LOOKS LIKE A FUN PLACE TO PARK A PENSKE TRUCK FULL OF FERTILIZER AND DIESEL OIL!
They destroyed beautiful church and replace it with abomination... disgusting. I guess normal when judeo satanism is the main religion in town
Only in America they can destroy an architectural monument in order to build a tall piece of shlt for a megacorporation
Hey sorry man, they probably took inspiration from one of my LEGO builds 😅
18:52 Tuff
They are the easiest to bribe
That's goes for all the old men and women of those times .
They are living in old and slavery times behind the scenes .
The Top Bankers are the illuminati problem , if you get rid of all of the old top players and hire someone throughout the banking system .  From elsewhere who isn't apart of that cult and have 10 years or less that have the same skills to do their jobs.. all the bs will change .
Ima start this off by saying I still love you more than life and I’m not mad at all and please please do not worry about me  leaving because the last thing I want is too loose it’s just you told me to make sure I tell you how I feel so here I go. The only reason I was upset is because I felt as tho I was kinda replaceable yesterday Because it’s was one of the only nights I couldn’t make it to Yarmouth you went on a decently long drive at night with him. I know you didn’t mean it in a mean and nothing happened it just made me worry bum sorry. Also it seemed you were ignoring me during the drive which made me worry. I’m sorry if this makes you worry but the absolute last  thing I want is to loose you it’s just I had to say this I’m sorry
Gravity is an upwards push and not a downward pull
Destroying something that old and pretty for Corporate greed ! Americans disgust me.
The question is. How many skyscrapers worldwide are not safe? As long as there are greedy businessmen, and corrupted governments that can hide anything for any sweet deals or even just for the sake of their own image, there will be plenty of "dangerous" buildings. Not just skyscrapers.
Numb3rs did an episode on this!
To be allowed to build an unnesseary building in the first place is ridiculous !
My God, Manhattan / N.Y. City must be one of the ugliest, tasteless, polluted, trash filled city I have been at. But hey, make enough songs and movies and it will become popular by itself.
Now, folks, that's what being ETHICAL looks like 👍
Is veritasium narrated by ai?
If they were welding them on both sides of the brace, how did they weld the outside since it’s on the edge of the building all that would’ve had to been done working off of a platform and they didn’t remove the glass and set up a float out there and get all that done before morning..????
The most sickening experience of any Architect, Engineer, or Project Manager. Talk about being let down by your team. That moment when you find out that people below you have deviated from instructions or normal practices? What a helpless sinking feeling. It's exponentially worse when you didn't have a chance to review something that you'd never have passed. "You did what?!" 😮. Then the scramble to find any way out. Just imagining it makes me uncomfortable.
18:52 67 refernce holy smoke
Whoever demolished that old church should be graped in prison
Mystery Student, curious only after his death to reveal herself? Yeah right. Doesn't matter. MYSTERY STUDENT. For me the take away is INTEGRITY shown by LeMessurier, owning up. It prevented a disaster.
Wow so sad that America chooses to destroy beautiful old classic churches to replace them with corporate slop
What about a hat tip to the church. Its insistence on not selling, in effect, instigated the development of advanced damping in tall buildings. Am I right? The lord connects the dots in mysterious ways.
0:15 - Good thing the wind is miles per hour (not kilometers per hour) in the U.S.
Im go over there in kick it just to see what would happen lol
Idiots engineered it. Only a moron puts a skyscraper on stilts. New yorkers
I understand that cutting costs where possible is part of the process of construction, and that the vast majority of the time there are lots of substitutions that can be made without sacrificing safety at all.   However, I do think that if you are a corporation paying for a new building, you have to decide - do you want a one-of-a-kind building that uses extremely uncommon or even never-done-before techniques in order to meet the extremely specific constraints you have in an aesthetically pleasing way? Or do you want to save money?  Most of the time, those substitutions that can be easily made are ones where the people involved are extremely familiar with the materials and techniques and have years of experience thinking about how they all work together. They’re not going to have that the first time they work on a brand new concept that defies convention in multiple different ways. Make the substitutions once everyone involved has built or at least studied 10 buildings like this. Or even 1. Not on the first one to exist.   If you want to innovate with things where people’s lives are at stake - the first one is gonna be expensive. That’s the inherent tradeoff of innovation with stuff like this. When lives are at stake, you start by doing it right, not by doing it cheap. The more people whose lives will depend on it, the more you have to overestimate risks and overdo the safety measures the first time around. The time for figuring out how to cut costs is later - once you’ve had a chance to make that first prototype a reality and study it thoroughly. At this point in human existence we should be well aware that we always will find things we failed to consider when something moves from theory to reality. Why would you add more potential points of failure? Innovation costs. Either pay up and deal with it, or put the supports in the corners and save money. Attempting to do both should not have been on the table.
NYC Building permits and building inspections are the main source of income for...well, I will leave that to your imagination.
Build with stone
Jason really took this opportunity.
I've had this idea of "damping" for a very long time. My idea translates to fast cars going around corners. When a fast car goes around a corner, have the "damper" ( a weight in the middle of the car) sprint to the opposite side to counteract the forces. Oh no, someone is going to steal my million dollar idea.
I swear, for a hot second I thought the thumbnail was one of the mega building apartments from Cyberpunk. Guess I know where they got the inspiration for the design now.
I'm not an engineer but that looks like a terrible design.
WTC 7 collapsed a lot easier.
To replace such beautiful church with this piece of crap?dobt get it
1:30 In other words the new church had to lose all character and become another faceless background among the many blocks of similar grey. I wouldn't be surprised if they had a dwindling secret business cult in there that only uses religion as a ritual face.
The new church is ugly kind of like americanized christians
Im sure it’s vital to know how to build skyscrapers and have generations after, know how to build and deconstruct skyscrapers 🏙️
The flaw was found by a engineering student.
What i would like to know is how exactly is the floor not collapsing with that gigantic 400 ton block on it .
2 minutes in and the most terrifying part is that they were allowed to replace the gothic style church with that ugly design 😭
When the undergrad realised that the quarter winds weren't included in the calculation and raised this to her Professor or whomever assisted her with her thesis, and to be told 'quarter winds aren't relevant... blah blah'.  I wonder how many Junior doctors have had a medical opinion to be told by a consultant they're wrong.   I really think the younger generations of scientists and medics, etc should not have their opinion/calculation dismissed just because they're 'young'.  For example in quantum physics etc, nobody is going to argue that Einstein is wrong or Hawking got some of his theories wrong. They'd be ridiculed!
As a nonreligious person, the crime should be destroying that beautiful gothic church and replacing it with that bs
Swapping that lovely Gothic church with that monsrosity is cultural terrorism.
Yeah, I don't know, maybe don't build your building on stilts for starters.
Thank you  Commendable work guys 😊
Still looks like a deathtrap.
this is VERY similar to episode of Numb3rs - wonder if this was this building's history/story was the inspiration for it.
18:55 SIX SEVENNNN
As a Chicagoan, labelling the Sears Tower as the Willis Tower especially talking in reference to 1977 is criminal
I was in Manhattan for the first time 2 days ago. I rode the metro to Lex Ave or something and when I went out I looked up and told my friends (I was speaking to them through discord and showing them what NY looks like) "Wait, I've seen this building on a Veritasium video. They had no clue what I was talking about, but it was crazy to me
I can think of another dangerous building in manhattan
I seen in numb3rs too
Man I wanna visit that building now
First of a student have found this not he
18:55 how many years?
Without Lemessurier, this would not have been a fun story being told with some laughs about dodging the press, it would have been an absolute tragedy that would have been told in news and documentaries about the death toll. By risking his reputation and livelihood Lemessurier saved thousands of lives.
18:50 boi did you just say six sevennnn
1:37 WHAT!???
this building had plot armor
Should of put hydraulic dampers down in the stilts vertical pulling downward. I have no idea if that is a stupid thing to suggest or it's Genius
that church design change only in america...
i've got a load for lemeasure to measure
A sky scrapers sitting on pillars. A friggin skyscraper. Dont know whats more surprising, the fact it was built or the fact anyone dared to go in it.
18:50 its 67
I used to work there.
new york and towers falling down huh
This is a beautiful story of ethics, doing what's right. Thank you!
18:54 67
Did I miss something? Why does the tuned mass damper require electricity?
I must say, it is unbelievably honorable of him to actually blow the whistle on this. He is not at all like a certain someone that had building 7 come down because he could profit off it.
This is a crazy man made problem to solve. What a waste of time and effort. Just design the building so it’s not so challenging and dangerous to build.
A truly inspiring story! As we see from the hesitancy of those involved to discuss this, doing the right thing is usually not the popular thing. I tip my hat to any and all whistleblowers!
That church might be a disgrace to Creation. The design is incredibly hostile and brutal urban architecture. It just seems extremely strange that an entire team of engineers didn't think the wind could be not perfectly perpendicular.
Argh! What a downgrade in the church
It was allowed because engineers are morons.
IS THAT A SKYSCRAPER ON STILTS?
This is why architects consider themselves "artists" and really the engineers are crucial to any building. How many disfunctional and/or dangerous buildings were thought up by architects who were being "creative".
I think you're very generous here. They did not own up to their mistake, they did not publicly acknowledge that they put thousands of lives at risk, and they did not share their experience with quartering winds with the rest of the field. It took investigative journalism to bring it to light and get building codes updated.  If they genuinely believed that thousands of people would definitely die as a result of their cost-cutting, then not just allowing that to happen is kind of the bare minimum of human decency. Like, I'm glad the guy's not a psycho mass murderer, but that's a low bar
Wow what a great video!  Learned alot :)
Religion getting in the way again?
Me at the top of the skyscraper getting blended by newtons giant swinging c***: 🙂‍↔️🙂‍↕️🫨💀
A hero.
18:54 SIX SEVENNNNN
This is why when the original plans say weld, you weld
If that tower fell it would almost be like taking the responsibility for 911... I agree with LeMessier, driving off a bridge would look like a way easier toll than owning up to your mistake.
So they tore down a beautiful religious site to build a monument to a bank...wow
The mistake wasn't even really his, but he is taking responsibility for it and correcting it. He's teaching about it. Dude is pretty badass honestly.
Remember Nat Geo Megastructures?
The real crime is tearing down that old building and replacing it with something that looks like a big garbage bin.
That church looks awful. Zero character.
Man that gothic church was a marble compared to this disgusting modernist one
A historical example of the consequences of NOT acting when you recognize an engineering flaw would be the loss of the USS Macon. Dr Karl Arnstein (probably the one of the first actual stress analysts ever) saw that adaptations done to his airship design, specifically the altering of its tailfin dimensions, would reduce its main anchor points from three to two and cause the leading edge to basically "float" without sufficient support. Unlike Luftschiffbau Zeppelin where they both own and operate their airships, Arnstein and Goodyear could only plead with the Navy to allow the structural repairs to occur, and only based on the Navy's own timeline priorities. Fleet maneuvers ensued, damage to the fin root progressed as predicted (in full view for everybody involved) and when the Macon was on its way back to base its fin tore off and was lost into the ocean.
If only politicians and people in power would learn this novel concept of "admitting to mistakes." 🙄
What do you mean welds, boss? We used mostly chewed bubblegum and silly putty. For the lulz.
i’mi’m
how could they not think of that? not having the pillars on the corners makes this the first thing that should come to your mind. that's ridiculous
R.I.P. La Messurier You will be remembered as a legend>:)
If the animations are AI art, shame on this channel
1:36 this old "crumbling" church was constructed the same way that our thousand year old church in europe... And also, the new one is quite ugly. No charm. I really dont understand that writing. I hope you took the architect own words and it does not relect your opinion.
This shows the stupidity of desperate people to show off they save money by keeping whole building on stake just for their growth
18:43 67??
Thumbnail: "How was THIS allowed?"  Me: Took the words from my mouth.
There’s a building like this in Seattle, always makes me uneasy
Very nice presentation. Citicorp is one of the most beautiful postmodern skyscrapers and the full story is one of the most amazing to tell. You’ve done a good job with this 👌🏻.
its very funny that the architech is called "Le Measure"
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Are ads annoying af on purpose?
Me encanta que los hagan ver cómo genios o algo así, los hdp pusieron en peligro a un montón de gente. Que desastre amigo
Bet that church priest is a millionaire. Damn scam artist
When welding you are literally turning 2 separate pieces of metal to become on and the weld is just as strong if not stronger then the metal if done correctly were as a bolt is just securing 2 separate pieces of metal together they can become loose from all the movement. Your statement that you can’t tell which is better seems like B.S to me just to save some money instead of securing human safety.
I’m not an architect or a structural engineer, but I do have lots of common sense,experience, and a deep respect for Mother Nature and this whole idea is not ridiculous; but it’s a prime example of hubris and a scary individuals who don’t spend enough time outside. How do you build an entire sky scraper and then say, “oh yeah, we forgot about the wind⁉️”
26:38 take that, Canada!
I’m sorry but humans are special. Amazing insights; for someone who knows zippo about engineering 😊
Why did they take so long to weld the beams? Should have just gotten more crews and got it done….
Absolutely mind-blowing!!
This got me really emotional
This is a lesson to all engineers and architects NEVER TO SKIP OUT! you are talking about thousands of people lives at risk because you wanted to save some money
What I want to know is whether it's legal (or still legal) to replace one type of fixing (eg welding) with another type of fixing (eg bolts) without informing the engineers and architect. How can people get away with that?
67
I stopped watching after they ruined the church and could careless about everything else
ah yes, that student getting just a free diploma
18:56 67
Wow. Only an old rich white American man can get away with this and still be praised
Wow. I'm glad that none of the other thousands of buildings in NYC, or any other city, are at a similar risk. Right?
Never mind the engineering, did anyone mention how butt ugly it was?
"Lets build a skyscraper on 4 sticks, what could go wrong!"
they demolished that beautiful Church to do that abomination? Really? WOW!
Switching to bolts without consulting the archetect should result in a life sentence.
18:57 HOW MANY YEARS?
Ahh Citi Corp, the Big Bad Business before there was Blackrock
The most dangerous building in Manhattan? Wait until they hear about Building 7
18:52 67777
Consult lawyers LoL. Real estate shows no Limits on a prime spot. Even a church doesn't escape when you have all that floor space above.
well done. this is a good story, of a good man taking responsibility for his actions.
Whoever signed off on the church, will I don't know.
Is it just me, or does it seem a bit worrying that when it comes to miscalculations and catastrophic choices it’s always the US we’re talking about. (Yet they would always claim to be the best in everything everywhere all the time)
Probopass ass building
Yo
Contractor "saved" $250,000 by replacing welds with bolts... costing $5 million in repairs for emergency welds.
33:09 what he says at the end is how I feel when I got my real estate license.  A lotta people especially in New York can be scumbags in real estate which I thought was crazy because you are licensed by the state government that is a legally codified moral responsibility.   Maybe it’s just cause my mom was a lawyer but I personally think that people who get sanctioned by the government in any way are taking on a responsibility and if you don’t take that seriously you are failing your responsibility.  This goes from stuff as serious as military, police and oaths taking by members of congress but also, lawyers, health inspectors, architects/engineers and even real estate agents. And I feel a lot of people have forgotten that responsibility or rather they’ve forgotten that there’s a reason that they had to be given a license which is that peoples lives or livelihoods are at stake
So another life threatening crisis caused by Christianity. No surprises there.
Yea old gothic churches are terrible ! Get that architectural masterpiece outta here. We like square buildings with rounded points. 😂
If this were in India the architects involved would have kept quiet
Poland mentioned🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
I saw a lot of buildings on pillars like this, but im no engineer so I just trusted that whoever did this knew what he was doin.
Build first test later.
So doing the right thing makes him a hero.
It's insane to me that this is considered an ethical case. Fixing the problem was the absolute minimum thing LeMeasure could do without being wilfully criminaly negligent. The fact that they kept this looming risk a secret from the public is incredibly unethical.  This all too common elitist idea of lying to the public for their own good is behind many of the worst disasters in history. This could have ended very very differently had the weather not cooperated. Perhaps transparency and informing the public may have led to some initial panic. So what. That's a very small negative variable compared to the fact that the public would then have been able to make their own choices about their proximity to the building and also being prepared and aware of evacuating the area if the weather became risky.   It's truly disgusting to me that these acts of self serving secrecy that put the public at massive risk are not called out for the real threat that they posed.
1:35 "part of the deal was to give them a new church"  Honestly this is where the failed design shouldve died. I dont care for the diddle-cult, i mean church, but to replace the beautiful gothic architecture with a freaking rhombus that blends in completely with the background.... no surprise that people are leaving and no one joins!
Wait. I thought that all buildings in New York don’t topple, they implode on themselves and drop straight down.
casually replaces the shearing stress holders without telling the architect and underguesses the requirements lmaooo
Reminds me of that tragedy
Weird that he didn't oversee these details at the time - for a building that was clearly right on the edge of load viability, and therefore where all construction details like bolts and welds would matter. And then once they knew the 1/16 risk, don't you evacuate building immediately to do the work, not do it in secret?
You’d think an engineer would know to not say “dampen”
Replacing that beautiful original building with that ugly hunk of concrete should reserve you a spot on death row.
I saw the bottom part and I already knew how this will go down.
18:55 67
Don’t forget that this havoc is all necessitated by the benevolent church which refused to move somewhere else and made ridiculous demands forcing the poor engineers to be creative on the design of the building.
If I see one 67 bro
Citicorp building can last another 910 more storms 🥳🥳
This is off topic, but i really like the jacket the man is wearing at 1:20 anyone know where i can find it?
Fitting design for a TBTF bank
Leh-meh-soo-ree-eer
What a true man of character.
To me, that's genius, the true shock is how that church was allowed
Its fixable.
Why didn’t they just take it down and have someone else rebuild it back up some billionaire invest don’t “semi fix” this issue by doing engineering tricks
It's crazy how he almost ended his life but he decided to save others' and then became known as a legend.  also i went by this building in spider-man 2018 and i was so confused about the building because i literally went UNDER it, but now i know how cool the story of it is
I wonder if the student was thanked
i like how that particular flavor of canada dry follows that one guy in the video
Fascinating. Where I'm from the church would just be goooone
Easy, corporation corporation, bribery bribery
The architect should be hung, drawn and quartered for that monstrocity of a V2 church. Disgusting.
I can't believe no one is talking about the fact that no one told the public that the building was dangerous.. They knowingly risked the life of THOUSANDS of people to save face and money.
Imagine if Chump were responsible for a mistake like this.  He would have let thousands go to their deaths and he would have golfed on
If that church still existed it would be an important tourist attraction in New York.. What they built over it is just another boring skyscraper that no one even cares about.
They should have kept and restored the gothic church. That new building is the ugliest piece of crap I’ve ever seen.
Interesting how all these men are white. Maybe if they were designing huts there'd be some diversity.
My question is why wouldn’t you have caught this sooner in the planning phase of the building.. you only measured the wind on the faces and not the corners originally?? Usually when planning you measure the wind currents in all angles.
Besides Building 7
something funny about building a lollipop and not expecting it to fall
thanks for the warning, if im ever in NY im staying far away from this FUNDAMENTALLY FLAWED building, everyone who worked on this building was a fkn idiot
It looks like the old church was demolished some time between 1970 and 73 and although i love old buildings , and i think the new church is horrible, looking at the old one...i dont know what they were thinking, it was build in 1903, and trying to build a gothic church was at best questionable,and the fact that it only lasted around 70 years makes it obvious that they didnt do it properly. It must have been like an overdimensioned folly . even in 1903 people must have been scratching their heads.
يا عيال مين اللي كان يلعب في نابولي و بوكا جونيور
the series Numbers has en episode that is made with this case as inspiration,in that the student commits suicide and the owners are shady guys ,but its undoubtly the same story.
1:34 yeah going from an actual artistic beauty of a building to that slop is not a step forward.
How morally bankrupt do you have to be to know that your building is in danger of collapsing and to not tell the general public. Potentially forfeiting there life’s purely out of a selfish reason to not have your reputation and the reputation of your building damaged. Your not a hero, your someone who dodged a bullet. You were prepared to murder thousands of people by withholding the information. Deplorable scumbag!
Why am I watching this at 4am? Because it’s so good, that’s why
I would consider a company not wanting to be associated with mistakes a red flag to be honest. LeMessurier did the right thing but they'd rather be silent on that than admit a mistake in their history.
18:52 SIX SEVEN
The middle of each side of a chair would be fine
I learned that it wasnt really LeMessurier's fault but his firm's they didnt follow his desgin in the beginning and they didnt consult him before using bolts instead of welds communication is key everyone should been on the same page
This remind me of that one gumball episode where richard try to take the foundation of the building
This company didn't keep it secret for fear of "mass panic". They kept it secret so they wouldn't lose money, they wouldn't give a single shite for lives lost if it wouldn't have cost them. The fact that they didn't inform the public of the mortal danger while they reinforced the beams should be criminal.
POINTLESS
What an ugly church!  I hope God punishes the imbeciles who were involved in that ugly, ugly church!
Umm, I live in NYC and work in Manhattan  for 20 years. I never seen or even heard about these buildings. WTF...
Pretty selfish church to insist staying there
Why would anyone tear down a beautiful gothic church??? And old? Like what, 150 years?  That's not old.
24:00 eh... as conservatives would say, NYTIMES is FAKE NEWS anyway!!!
Beautiful neo gothic church destroyed for that absolute monstrosity
28:23 that's so cool people can observe the pendulum. Its like a work of art but also a saving grace you can enjoy, instead of being hidden on a roof as not to alarm the residents.
A domino effect from this building falling meanwhile two way more massive buildings in the busiest of New York fall in 2001 and only one other building falls? 🤔
I enjoyed this video
Henry is really handsome and great at engaging with his interview subjects, but I miss Derek in front of the camera.   The mix of Derek narrating and Henry interviewing is a little disjointed and less personable than older Ve docs & deep dives
18:58 DID VERTASIUM PREDICT 6-7?
18:50 SIX SEVENNNN    ...   gah im such a cornball
The road LeMeasurier took is called the high road.  He faced the music, swallowed his pride and worked to fix the problem instead of taking the turnpike at 100 mph.  Now 25 years after it was supposed to 100% have collapsed, it still stands.
Warning: if you smoke a joint while watching this your head will explode. You’re welcome
How is it allowed to keep this a secret for so long gambeling with lives like this?
Ugh, I can't stand how everyone (mis-)pronounces "LeMessurier" 😂
The most dangerous buildings in Manhattan were the twin towers.  And you see how that worked out.
It's literally like one of those 70s disaster movies where an engineer played by Gene Hackman or Rod Steiger is running around with blueprints trying to convince officials and greedy robber barons of incoming doom on their skyscraper/rollercoaster/train/cruiseship/latest place... etc
As a Project Manager I use this one to highlight the dangers of assumptions around communicating with team members. Despite decades of experience and world leading engineers and architects and vast resources a swiss cheese of holes allowed an error from an assumption to potentially cause a catastrophic disaster.  There are real world similarities at present in China. Vast numbers of infrastructure projects built over the last 30 years are starting to fail. The causes are linked to corruption in the original build where standards have been ignored. A huge number of concrete buildings have been put up using a lethal combination of sub standard steel rebar and beach sand instead of river sand. The rebar in many of these structures has now rusted completely away.
Good god, tearing down that church for that soviet concrete  blob was a serious crime
The founding father of the TMD for buildings then.
67 18:54
The whole "what if winds at corners" was literally my first thought. How do you miss something like that?
I couldn't imagine the pressure he was facing
2nd Video I’ve Watched and I Am Enjoying Your Work. New Subscriber, God Speed Brother!
18:54
ok  now too utube  we realize u need to make money  BUT    its time  to limit  the obnoxious commercials at inappropriate intervals   like  in mid sentance  (r  u guys  crazy?)......dont know about rest of viewers  but  wont ever buy whats being  advertised  for any money anyway
That new "church" they built after tearing down the old Gothic one is a direct affront to God
My engineering ethics professor was not impressed with his suppression of information about a structure he knew was dangerous to the public and criticized some of his decisions. Thought this was an easy class over zoom early in the morning so I was not paying the most attention and could be confused.
Pull it
That’s why Physics/Science/Math & Common Sense is truly a friend in figuring out problems like this 🎉 Good Job Everyone 🥂👌👍
That storm veering off was an act of God
Maybe don’t design a skyscraper on stilts.
people putting ads in a video that already has ads
Sadly, this probably wouldn't happen today.😮
It’s very dishonest to say you don’t want to cause a mass panic” , when you’re really avoiding responsibility.
Me not accounting for wind
Perfect example of taking a beautiful church and turning it into a communist looking building. Disgusting
17:50 Alan Davenport! OMG, I used his power spectral density of wind turbulence to simulate a stochastic wind to analyse the effects of wind on wind turbines in my Master's dissertation! Seeing him here brings me memories of my long nights without sleep studying his articles. lol
Why use kilometers per hour!! This is the United States not Europe.
The church is ugly, but is what probably saved the whole shebang!
18:53 67
They should have had their heads examined for even considering this design. I don't care WHAT the circumstances were.
Why does this guy have the cuffs on his leather jacket rolled up?
I bet it would still be standing if a plane it hit. Jeb Bush
the most insane part of this is that someone actually paid for such a bizarrely designed building to be built
What's crazy is even after realizing their grave mistake, they still couldn't own up to it publicly. So they were willing to risk it collapsing as long as it didn't get out.
18:53
Veritassium's video's are getting EXTREMELY good!  This story could be a decent movie!
"Old crumbling gothic church.=Elegant piece of victotian history. Tomato tomato, I guess.
110km = 68 mph this guy forgot the majority of his audience doesn't use the metric system
all of this for a horribly ugly building
lol watching your recent videos made me want to make one, but I’m vegan. That did not stop me and I just used plant based meat and dairy free items! I even made a vegan Worcestershire sauce. Turned out great and my mom loved it! She’s not vegan, but does not eat meat. ❤
Money moves mountains my friend 😂
Sad they replaced that beautiful Church with that monstrosity under the Citicorp building
Nice lead in for the Saily ad
The engineer appears to have remained arrogant to the end. I don't buy this "blew the whistle on himself despite the personal costs" stuff. They didn't make it public (I also don't buy the "mass panic" argument for not doing so) and acted like complete narcissists with their last minute mass evacuation contingency plan.
Acrobatic act of engineering, just bad architecture.
Costcutting. Ahhhhh capitalism
SERENE... love it.
Me watching this, while a similar building has been proposed to be built in my home town. It will sit right on the coast and will be a bit above 180m(600 feet ) in height. I hope it won't end inside the sea 😂 plus instead of the church they chose this design to have a 30m(100 feet) gap from the ground to the first floor  which will host a park.
18:57 i see rhis number way too much om your videos maybe the 67 kid was warning us about everything, maybe it isn't just a number
Whats far more horrifying as that instead of restorinf and incorporating the old church behind glass or something which would have looked awesome they decided to replace it with that weird wrm polygonal monstrosity thing..
THEY TORE DOWN A GOTHIC CHURCH DID YOU JUST STAB ME
I'm sorry, but a building with a 1 in 16 chance of falling in an impending storm is something the people who in or near that building should be informed about. Withholding that information was just wrong.
"replace the old, crumbling, [Beautiful], gothic church with a new, [absolutely ugly] church"
This is the best youtube channel, objectivly.
This story is wild. Crazy how so much potential death and destruction all fell into the hands of 1 person who thank god was a good person.
Reversed flying buttress. I wonder if not for the church being there if it would have been designed differently. 🤔
Too much stress on the building leads to too much stress on the engineer! ;)
Seems like that building would be an easy target to Americas enemies.
its easy to blow up
18:52
67
You would know just by looking at it. It was a dangerous experiment just for the sake of an experiment.
Well done Sir. To admit a mistake on such a vast scale requires Alot of courage. He could of just washed his hands of this and  just "Gosh Darn" nobody saw that coming. I cant imagine the stress of making those first phone calls. Much respect Sir.
I take a real man and a true professional to own up and go back and fix your mistakes without any warrant or need to. He could have just ducked and pretend he didn't know but he did the right thing and he went and he declared what he found and followed up with a proper fix and guess what that was the right thing to do
Grease the people in this behaved as professionals
I would suggest that's what separates professionals from the want to be professionals. You accept your mistakes and go about correcting them the most positive way you possibly can.
12:00 The expo markers holding up the phone 😂
@RealCivilEngineerGaming
But the guy really never went on the construction site? Its quite a difference between bolts and welding
i am suprised an engenneer doesn't walk through construction site and check how they actuall build it.
Any structural engineer that is this reckless and could make such a critical mistake and oversight on such a tall structure should have their license revoked.  I really don't care if he owned up to the mistake or not.  Registered Professional Engineers (I an a retired PE, though mechanical, not structural) we all signed acode of ethics statement when we sat for the PE license exam, that code of ethics states that in ANY CASE, when a registered professional engineer becomes aware of a potential health or life safety issue, they are REQUIRED to act.  It's not an option.  And the notion of making LeMessure out to be some sort of moral hero simply because he owned up to his HUGE engineering mistake, is horse dung, Taking action on what he knew was not optional, he's was legally bound to act.  He sort of hits on this subject of Engineering code of ethics in the very last 2 minutes of this film.  Personally I think we are still very lucky that building never failed.  Very lucky it didn't fail before they discovered the design oversight. I also feel the structural engineer on the NYC Twin Towers design was grossly negligent.  Far too many corners were cut, thresholds were crossed in terms of trying to minimize the structure and reduce construction costs.  In my opinion, it's a miracle that the twin towers didn't collapse in a major wind storm before the 911 tradgedy.
i HATE your narration style
Is his name La Measure? Haha
They destroyed that beautiful historical church and replaced it with that modernist joke. I'd say it deserves to fall after that.
"They didn't respond to our questions"..... WHAT DO THEY STILL KNOW!? WHAT SECRETS?!  hashtag conspiracy
i have failed my structural engineering course thrice (finally passed lmaoo) and even i know that we have to take a safety factor even after calculating all the loads...why tf would the firm engineers would not take the safety factor when calculating the bolts. in construction, you always follow the code (yeah theres a standard code in my country atleast, which specifies the safety factor for everything).  like what were the engineers thinking?   probably wanted to cut the cost
Humans building a giant damocles sword that could destroy a whole portion of a city and kill countless people just because the designers think it looks cool and want to be intellectually stimulated.
Bro tryna create 7/11 (if y'all got the joke) 😂
You can just imagine a chair built  w/o corner post’ to lean on?  Itd never be safe unless u stayed perfectly still.
Great video but the fake taxi angles are odd....
Minecraft architecture type s
18:51
These NYC multi-million/billion dollar executives pretend to be human but in all reality they only cared about the bad rep that would've downed Citi Corps' stocks and value etc... as well as not having companies rent out in their building anymore (that's how they truly get back on their investment (ROI) ). Had they cared they wouldn't have started unless they got dozens of 2nd opinions on a global scale to get different pairs of eyes from different backgrounds etc... they cared about saving millions on their project as well, just as he had mentioned. But those "savings" wouldn't ever go to the employees or anything as remotely generous as that, it goes back to the large investors and share holders those multi-billion/millionaires that had invested in the project to begin with. They feared the potential backlash that would've made them lose both their wealth and status, especially explaining all this while he's old? telling the truth about your thoughts now? c'mon little bro. He just wanted a sense of "relief" from the guilt so he waited until he was done with work and old (lived his life basically on the higher end even) then spouted all this nonsense. I hope the workers are going to be safe but hopefully those corrupted greedy little rats suffer for such a low-level mentality. I don't like these materialistic executives who feel "special" or "self centered" nobody in the world needs more than $15-30 million to live a lavish life but instead they hoard. Now you get multi-billionaires, who buy more power and control especially Black Rock buying up neighborhoods then sell 2-4 houses to themselves at a higher price point just so the whole neighborhood's property value can go up then they rent it out at a premium which gentrifies the entirety of the area. Slowly but surely, even the owner and founder of Black Rock has plans to eliminate single family homes because it's less profitable meanwhile he gets his mansions and pent houses for himself and his family. Now we're merely stuck in an infinite lease or subscription loop, instead of owning you now have to "borrow" just look at Nintendo you are now dropping $70 per game just to own the "permissions" (license) to play the game but never OWN what you bought. Which means at any given moment or time, nintendo can just rip the game out of your hands with no refunds. Ridiculous if you ask me.
18:53 67 mango tuff tower
That isnt a church. That is a conditioning space.
Lol what a perfect name for him
Le messurier twice. Cut once
I hope someone has told later him that "white lies" are not justified in such a situation
excellent video - interesting and great illustrations
How can anyone make light of this?  The deception is disheartening. 😢
The biggest crime here was replacing that church with a block of Deepslate from Minecraft
Let me save you the clickbait..... The building is perfectly fine and safe
How was Trump elected? Your building doesn't keep me up at night, but Trump does.
400 ton block, doesn't make the building collapse from the top down???? Hmmmm???? Coincidence, I think not.
yeah, i know this building.  there's a major subway station down below.
5:11 feeling like they made the worst choice every chance they could. Beautiful church destroyed and knocking away support because beams are an option.  Glad they saved the city but like, yall just fixed the problems yall made.
the worst tragedy was replacing the sick gothic church
Mfs want to recreate 9/11, without the planes
18:52 SIX SEVENNNNN
Hideous new church
engineer named le measure lmao
That church should have had a preservation order to prevent demolishing it
Whats the background music that play at the very end of the video?
This is why you LaMeasure twice and build once
bill le messurier who designed this building shouldve been charged with gross criminal neglect, trying to be a smart arse but in practice doing somethiung extremely dangeroud and pointless.
This video should be called "Diane Hartley, the woman who saved Manhattan". This is the usual gaslighting that we women are fed up with
LeMessurier got the biggest plot armor in history
Diane Hartley discovered the issue and saved the project
Hold on a minute, so laborers were secretly allowed to enter a building in NY, and address beams throughout and this was kept a secret?  iykyk
A structural engineer didn't check wind loads? And, nobody checked his work? Particularly for a structure with unusual load distribution as that one. I hope he lost his license and his firm lost their certificate, too. Even the youngest, greenest, first-day-on-the-job intern knows to check wind loads. It's in the book, for fuck's sake!
“I get why it feels shocking, but sometimes buildings are replaced for practical reasons — not every old church can realistically be preserved.
The number of bolts rounded down? Wtf?
Greedy jews allowed it
Sounds like they were protecting their own asses more than the public because they kept it a secret which endangered everyone in and around that building until repairs were made. Doesn't sound like high moral standards to me.
“The only man who knew that”, just by looking at it you can tell.
Amazing and super interesting.
clickbait idiots
I’ve always heard this was Diane. Who is the male student claiming her thunder. 😮
Open up, here comes the airplane!
What is it with anglophon you can’t prononce a guys name properly LeMesurier you all say LeMesur how about: IER those 3 last letter are not silent
I'd like to know how those hideous eyesores known as the Twin Towers were ever allowed to be constructed in the first place.  Thankfully, the US government saw fit to have them deconstructed, albeit with a little help from subcontractors based in the Middle East.
Allowing non citizens to control ur city and failing Ur people seems wrong, balance of homes and invest.
18:50 67….. years
a good example of stupidity. Why weaken a building by removing part of its supporting structure? Makes no sense??
GREED!!! PS 18:56 TMS is electrical device????? Terrible stupidity!
Honestly LeMessier is in my eyes a hero for admitting to his mistakes despite the the drawbacks. He saved lives. That sort of thing should be celebrated
The real story here is the pastor didn’t get fired for such a dumb decision
'I'm the only person who knew this'  takes one look at the building.  no pretty sure everyone looking at it knew that.
Is there a link to his lecture somewhere?
How?  Property rights uber alles.
"Don't worry, it's foolproof! ...As long as-"
When I was in school for architecture I heard that it was an engineering student from the University of Maine in Orono who discovered the flaw and suggested the fix.
Very interesting video! Thanks! But why was Le Mesurier's name mispronounced every time? You can't just take a few of the letters and think that's long enough.
That church does NOT look like a church. More like an atomic bunker entrance. Same difference.
You call that a church?
Happy the media praised him for owning up to this, shaming situations like this will just be catastrophic for problems in future projects.
Nice to know Citi’s history of building structures capable of causing uncontrollable Grimaces and unmitigated disasters predates the Mets ballpark.
As a fourth generation welder, this was a really cool video to watch while I work. I’m so damn proud of what I do and what my family has done in the past 100 years. My family’s blood built America and I take GREAT pride in that.
Ethical thinking. Is it still alive?
I have been in that building. It is one of my favorite skyscrapers ❤
Only in 'murica, you'd demolish an architectural marvel and absolute beauty of a gothic church and build a piece of concrete crap and call it improvement. And that mausoleum of a church under a butt ugly glass skyscraper. No engineering marvel, it's fugly AF. When you have Empire State and Chrysler skyscraper that are amazing.
What an absolute hero!
this entire thing is a joke, they didn't calculate diagonal wings, they didn't even realize the major structural elements were major, even though it was core to the unique design. They didnt use the right factor of safety which should have been generous due to the unique nature of said building, and just common sense alone would make you think 4 bolts isnt enough for giant diagonal support beams. These people were absolute Fu**ing idiots.
I would make a bet the "CitiCorpBldg" mistake has happened many times.  Humans overlook a lot when they are dealing with those projects where they are the last straw.
Humans being smart with their dumbness. Amazing that it was pulled off. But it's so dumb that it was even made. "oh the building has to look different than the others so let's building the most dangerous building." what a joke lol humans do some weird things. So smart but also illogical at the same time
Cant believe they took down the church.
Greedy churches just like greedy corporates
The tower looks stupid… the old church looked cool. The new church looks stupid. They ruined the Block.
New York does not have the kind of connectivity issues that this gentleman is claiming. All standard providers have more than adequate service.
This video reminds me city corp centre building in new York city.
So, nobody got the idea of calculating winds before they built that thing?
1:37 "Old Crumbling GOTHIC church" Old and crumbling? good reason to replace/rebuild. Gothic? uhh yeah dont say it like its an insult. Gothic churches are beautiful. certainly way more that some dumb cube. They should have just repaired it or built a new one that looks the same.
4:45 so you're telling me that taking away support makes it stronger somehow.
Great video.. ..for such a project always have a counter voice
The scary part is that with the increasing sophistication of architecture, how many other miscalculations have gone undiscovered?  ... or UNDISCLOSED???
LeMessurier? Bro what are all these names of people😂 As if Goodenough wasnt enough and Goodyear didn't already seal it 🤣🤣🤣
the new church looks something out of robocop
Glad they fixed it but it's unacceptable that they knew of this danger and kept the people who were at risk in the dark. I don't buy at all that their "terror" would have been so dangerous that they couldn't find a way to explain the issue, the risk, and the mitigation plans. Would some people have overreacted? Sure, but the consequences of that would have been a financial hit to those who were actually responsible for the problem vs letting thousands of innocent people risk their lives without informed consent. Once again our system put the interests of the wealthy and powerful over the safety of regular people.   Also, his statement about the media blackout being a blessing or whatever was disgusting. If you find yourself happy that the truth will be hidden, you're usually doing something wrong (not always obviously). And the fact that the truth of this coming out led to better safety regulations and engineering practices means that the years of keeping it hidden delayed those positive innovations. The video kind of makes this guy into a hero for owning up to his company's mistake, but he didn't fully own up to this; he owned up to the owners of the building, but he didn't own up to the people whose lives it risked, not until the New Yorker brought the truth out. Those responsible for that reporting deserve a hell of a lot of the credit for the improved regulations and practices that became widespread.
As an architecture student graduating in 82,  I was well aware of the Citicorp Buildings from the professional magazines of the day. At the time the buzz was about the church / business tower resolution and the engineering behind it.  As an architect I've always had the thought that I might be missing something fueled by the "what could go wrong" doubt. I never had an incident like this but I admire the integrity and can appreciate the dread in making the mistake known.  Beyond that, the resolution by all concerned was remarkable and of course luck is also welcomed.  Thanks you for exposing a great story.
What if they create something like a wind tunnel at various floors, which will allow the wind to simply pass through the building instead of the building fighting the wind force?
The Gothic cathedral looked amazing.. Now it looks like Abstract Crap
biggest disappointing factor is that the new owners renamed it to something dull like '601 Lexington'. I want cool and catchy names like Citicorp building, not something boring like "50 West Street" for example.
What if Le Messurier had gone ahead with his idea to drive into a Maine Turnpike abuttment? It might have 'solved' his problem, but would have left the waiting catastrophe unsolved.
18:53 say that again
Meet harvey specter !
Sir, why did you stop coming to the office? Citycorp president: I like to work from home.
“The only man who knew this” bro you designed and built it 😂 you caused this!
It’s nice to see a highly intelligent person on these information channels, just like many other commentaries.  It is a pity no university or TV channel ever thought of catering for the intelligent fraction of the viewership.
I think I saw another video a couple years ago that was of a different building, maybe in Chicago or something, but same design and it was running into issues as well.  I don't know if it was the same issues but issues nonetheless
The point of the building was to show how much you spent. Not how much saved, dummies.
Value engineering loses again.
The structural engineer only gets heard of when something goes wrong. They need more recognition (not just the architect!) when something goes right.
World's Luckiest Engineer award goes to:
I'm just disappointed at how the church remodeled from a beautiful Gothic style to an ugly brick block that I would have never guessed was a church at all. Like I get it if the church may be too old and needed remodeling for safety, but they could have at least put a cross out there or something. I'm an atheist but I feel like I have more respect for that church than whoever decided on that remodel.
10:20 do they generate any electricity from this?
The student was a her, not a him
Contractor: yeah you should be fine. Engineer: no, actually you're fucked. Scientist: you're pregnant and due in 3 weeks.
am i the only one thinks its hilarious that lemessurier is the name of the architect
The new church is so ugly it never should have been built, and tje whole block used to build a safe building.
I'm no engineer but I've played Jenga.
Imagine if it was Boeing with this issue I’m sure all problems would be fixed😂😂😂
We build big malae to withstand the yearly storm, cheehuu😊
It is not without reason that any square-shaped building that stands on four pillars has those situated AT THE CORNERS instead of in-between. Not only enlarges that the distance in-between those pillars to the maximum that is possible giving the building a wider base of support, also there's no weight 'sticking out' passed every pillar in the smaller-based configuration as the setup we see here has that acts as undesirable counter-weight, further reducing stability.
A truly inspiring story with a happy ending. Well presented, I was anxious awaiting for the final, favourable result. Especially when you consider how many lives were and will be potentially saved.
1:40 can we all agree that it was the worst change for the churge like you went from a beutifull gothic church to a slab of concrete
That is the ugliest church I've ever seen and I'm not even Christian
This just shot my outrage meter through the roof. Not the initial blunder as much, nor the bolts blunder either. But that they kept it secret. Imho , everyone that approached that building in those months should have sued the pants off that company. I mean: they gambled with other people's lives, just to save face. And the fact that these a..h..es are still in business and not behind bars is indicative of a very sick society indeed. To be clear: I don't blame LeMessurier - nobody is perfect and he wasn't alone in this project; also: he's the one that did figure it out and acted in order to fix it. It's the ones that are responsible with people's safety, with Wriston at the head of the list.
He‘s like _proud_ he did something after creating a deadly risk to thousands of people 🙄😂
wow
I know it's been 40 years but I'm still at my wits end over the shoddy initial construction of that building.      🏢
Great video but as a physics type channel can you please get pronunciation of kilometre correct.  The word kilometre should be pronounced kilo-metre, not kilom-metre, because it follows the same metric naming convention as all other SI units. We say kilogram (kilo + gram), kilojoule (kilo + joule), and kilolitre (kilo + litre). The prefix “kilo-” always stands on its own to mean 1,000, and there’s no reason kilometre should be the only exception. Consistency in pronunciation reflects consistency in the metric system itself.
If I'm understanding correctly, its not Bill's fault in the first place. His design was for welded beams. He had no idea the builders swapped over to 4 bolts until a year after it was built. The fix was to actually go and weld them so how could it possibly be his fault?
Fascinating 👏👏👏
the people in the 10 block radius should have been educated on the situation asap as soon as it was discovered
To demolish that build old church and replace it with that nastiness is an absolute crime.
Such great story telling.  Need to make a movie of this.
So dude never thought wind hits corners of the building….  Thats insane
"Old crumbling gothic church"?!? It's all about money in this world 😢
That priest 100% took money
In short the Structural Engineer/s fcuked up, as they got tunnel vision/target fixation.... A VERY common problem in complex/unique projects BTW.  It's obvious to a experienced outside viewer, that the novel truncated column design that relied heavily on the triangulation members, would therefore be EXTREMELY vulnerable to torsional forces(on the vertical axis) within each modular section from the imposed wind loads. BTW I was once involved in a project where the SE/s "forgot" that the industrial building's structure had to INCORPORATE the loadings of a large span 20T travelling gantry crane - Oops!
All that because of a church's greed.
God the old church was so much more beautiful
Fixed in 6 weeks! I assume they didn't go through the building permit systems.
Did they check for eighthening winds?
as they say, LeMessurier once, cut twice
27:32 Exactly. They paint him in a brighter picture because nothing bad happened. *While he did everything BUT own up to his own mistake.*   Evidenced by *secretly fixing it and hoping nobody ever knew.*
Who ever designed that church should be arrested. It is the most hideous building. Its a shame they did not try to save the gothic church.
"Noone wanted a massive panic" my rear! Nobody wanted accountability. Noone wanted lawsuits and noone wanted lives lost because of them. What do you do? Repairs in secrecy. Probably even told the builders it was just some additional support for the beams and that the odd timing was to not bother the patrons as much as possible instead of the life-or-death fixes they really were.  You wanna know how much panic you get for saying: "We need to shutdown the building and make sure just safe"? Nothing. You'll get mostly annoyed people, and some really angry investors who have every right to hold this oversight against him or whoever is behind the construction.   Do you think we have fire alarms to avoid panic?  Do you think we have floating vests to avoid panic? Do you think we have flight attendants explaining how to use the oxygen masks to avoid *panic?!* NO! We have these things so the reasonable people that most of us are know what to do if something bad goes down and we have secrecy to avoid accountability.
Guy-wires ?! Where is Spider-Man when you need him?
Destroyed all churches. Organized religion is a poison
Terrific story.
how is this allowed,? arrogance ignorance and money.  next question.
Fun Fact; When Manhattan is struck by a category 4 hurricane, there will be nearly 10' of broken glass in streets.
Mr George we have a problem
still wouldn't live there
stop talking kilometers when speaking of the USA. SMH WTF is wrong with you.
Fantastic story
1:38 bro the gothic church looked 100x better than this new piece of crap.
Amazing story. I had heard it before but not in such a well explained way
The fact that they didn't tell the public is absolutely criminal.  Typical of big business.
Very nice content.congrats. I want to point out that at 10:46 in the newspaper, it says that the building is the eighth in the world, not eleven as you mentioned few seconds later.❤
Because they're engineers, not  YouTubers entertainers masquerading as science communicators.
I think the reason why the NYC city council allows all these buildings is because they know in the next 50 to 100 years from now NYC will be under water.
The tornado probably " What with the faces people of NY, am i not welcome anymore ? FINE. Let meet canada this year."
The fact that he was willing to  admit to and fix his mistake is noble.
Some things just don't look right no matter what the engineers say.
They be playing jenga in real life
i think your all nuts about being cursed,   I might even believe it,  but i think God gave your payment, for being honest an repairing it,  you best do the same to our US Constitution
all it takes, is one mistake
They could have just built mit with corner columns and place it at a 45 degree angle
Bloody hell, I can't believe he hired such idiots.
I can't imagine the fear
So, has NYC had 100+ MPH winds since 1978?  Am curious if we ever have tested the retrofit?
Man destroying that beautiful Gothic church to replace it with some brutalist shitcube is typical for the stupidity of modernday architecture.
I like to pull on my joints. Just one big long pull and release 👌🏻
kendime not 15:00
Tja het valt werkelijk aan niemand uit te leggen
replace a marvalous gothic chruch with a lame bloc of concrete? how could they ever agree to that 😅😢….
this couldve been a 20 sec short
Anywhere Democrats run stupid things happen; mystery solved.
His name is NOT Hugh Stubbins! His name is  ……. Huge Stubborn! 😂
Look at Japan's ancient 5 story pagodas and then ask yourself who is the father of mass damper technology.
too bad our politicians  and corporate oligarchs don't share this ethic he states at the end about you must do something hell even regular people don't seem to have this ethic now
I think he said in the lecture that the 1000 year thing was a lie, you said it in the video like it was legit info.
Deport every Person with Dual Citizenship to Isreal. They always Steal from America and give the stolen money too Isreal.
Despite am Hindu.. removing that old church for this ugly concrete building is really bad
Why does the young Mr Vandyck constantly smile (without any context for it )?  This is  a modern-day tic. I just don't see what's potentially humorous about limits of structural integrity!
Would have been all better if they just may the one side cutout in the shape of the church.
The gothic church looked sick though.
What a selfish reprobate. He should have informed others of the potential problem immediately. He should have insisted they close the building down immediately, then work day & night on it to ensure it was fixed ASAP with crews throughout the building. Why couldn't they have 200 teams welding all the joints at once & get it done in a day? All you people praising him are ridiculous.
It doesnt really sound like his mistake. He had them fully welded and someone else went cheap.. How is that his fault?
OCD tower
No go investigate how building 7 fell down!
I think it wasn't him that discovered the flaw. I remember watching something like this from zac d films so...
Another modern engineering hazard is the leaning 1 Seaport condominium tower, whose structural tilt and halted construction have earned it the nickname “Leaning Tower of New York,” echoing the risks of poorly engineered skyscrapers.
Why the F### didn't they rotate the tower by 90 degrees using the same columns in the same position they are now?
Who was fired
Super Interesting.
You don’t have to be an engineer to know this building is totally unsafe duh!!!
I mean, it's good that they didn't bury the whole thing until it collapsed but I can't help but notice that the NYC regulations regarding quartering winds were only changed AFTER news leaked it, decades later. So this is something that should have been revealed once the danger of panic was over (i.e. after it was fixed) rather than kept under wraps.
This screams , Mark Walburg movie. Blue collar construction guy has the only team in the city who can pull off this overnight secret bolt reinforcement job. Markymark would be the lead construction guy. Add a few “stretching the truth scenes” some how connect Mark Walbergs character with the architect , for substance and boom. It would be called “Serene”
A person who actually owned up to a mistake, held himself responsible and fixed it! Respect to him!
My god, they fixed a huge problem. I think they are heroes. Thank you for this episode . It's really a great story.
Nothing to “investigate” testosterone was normal so every men had natural will to grow.
A building falling down in new york isn't something new. they should be used to tall buildings falling over by now
What a dumb building, these people have endless money. And zero brains.
Leave it to idiots trying to cut corners to make everything a ticking timebomb.
I never thought I would enjoy this kind of content, well I’m a bit surprised, but the way you made the video made it more enjoyable than any other video I’ve ever seen it’s interesting
wait, "each night the engineers would enter after everyone left"? did they just keep using the kamikazi building before fixing? look the work itself is amazing, and anyone makes mistakes, but i fail to see how a simple "let evacuate the building, saying we are adding some new and better features, we just need your collaboration", common "city corp evacuation plan" sounds like a fallout vault lore.
New York ruined New York with these new buildings I’ve would kept everything original smh would’ve been historic
Bolts? What some idiots
So the 9-11 was an insurance thing
When movie
ni
1:39 Why are you trying to pose it as if the new church wasn’t much uglier than the beautiful architectural work it was before? Crime against history, that’s what that is.
If they actually destroyed the old church.. there was no point building it again at same place. It could have been on top floor of the building.
Sorry to say, but the new church reminds me of an airplane toilet.
So they wanted to save $250k on a $295kk building and it made it dangerous Classic corpos
Welders save the day
Lesson 1: Own up to your mistakes  Lesson 2: ... To a small group of elites.
Crazy, insane, and just straight-up crazy...
Kudos to Le Messeurite for fixing it like a man😮 Amazing story😅
Not gonna lie but the new church looks like a huge toilet... prob. made for all the sht they`re talking about inside xD
The main thing here is: that WORK AT NIGHT, 🔨 that is EXACTLY how they RIGGED the Twin Towers for 911.
Could they have put the church on the Top
6-7 you say
The story would make a great movie.
The story would make a great movie.
17:29 so it’s the teams fault
This video show the crystal clear of someone who have full responsibility for the project he taken.
So… if I’ve understood this correctly, the problem only existed because his underlings didn’t do what he told them to do (using bolts instead of welding)? So it wasn’t even his fault in the first place?
We’re talking about American designs, in American cities, American firms, American architects with American buildings, all from an American creator. Use Mph.
Where is Diane’s award?!
Wonder if it would have passed quartering winds and wind tunnel testing had the original (planned) welds been place though the straps are best. Yet someone wanted to save more money and cut cost with minimal bolting. I had an old timer tell me, back in the day, things were over engineered as a standard, yet not today.
I’m so glad they mentioned Diane cause she’s hugely looked over with this story when other people have covered it
As a Berliner, it’s ironic in this context to see Hugh Stubbins introduced in front of Kongresshalle, which did collapse.
They should install support on the three corners just to be sure
Never let technique get in the way of motive, Robert Henri.
moral of the story dont remove Christs Churches
Stubbins failed.
LeMessurier is a fitting name for a structural engineer
If only the chemists and chemical companies thought like Engineers, we would probably have less environmental issues.
Other than the obvious result of fixing it and 'making good'. The moral of the story other than his honesty... is the response. In my world the response to a problem defines the man, not the problem itself. Own it, fix it, move on and all is good. In a lot of instances people will praise you for owning up and fixing it pronto, in my experience the fix and timeliness of the fix is what is remembered, and less the actual thing you have fixed.  The other approach becoming more and more prevalent is deny, evade, sue to shut the other guy up, rinse and repeat. The end result of the 2nd option is that wind and gravity one day decide to mess with you, say 'screw you' and make you look like a lying fool.
I used this building as an example for my "moment of force" report topic wayback 2008 in our material science class. I am taking electronics engineering but I just want to impress my teacher who is a civil engr. He never forgotten my name after that and 10yrs later we saw each other and he said he is more impressed now that I am in TSMC. lol!
Good video done in a "Architecture for dummies way" for everyone to be able to understand
@1:30 Yeeah riiiight...bet that Pastor "Ralph Peterson" took a big ol' bribe but to make it seem like he didn't he pretended to allow and green light the destruction of that "old crumbling" Gothic, incredibly valuable historical architectural marvel with ugly post modern slop. Very shady and also quite sad that we had to lose a rare and valuable structure from antiquity just because of a few wealthy, moronic corporate meatheads want it.
so, this baffles me. That a whole team could not have considered the windloads in this city. It makes me very concerned about other buildings of that time, and if this was just not known. This comes from the limited knowledge I have, of only doing a semester in Arch. Design/Ind. Engineering, but calculating the wind loads, including Quarterly Winds, was considered to be common sense.  Especially considering other builders at that time were already considering these factors when building. When doing something new, mistakes are always going to be made, but it'd be good if they had included a seasoned builder who could have pointed out concerns immediately. His firm didn't seem to be well-trained or smart. Makes sense he made that mistake and they did as well. They made him look like a hero, when he was just careless. His fix was intelligent, but he should have kept a close watch on it throughout the build, when building something completely knew and untested. Especially of that magnitude. And not telling the public? Not okay. I wouldn't go into a building to work if I knew that, and no one should have to unknowing. At least he's cautioning others now, even if he is doing it in a self-inflationary manner.
The comment section can be categorized in two sections:  1. About the video, the engineering, architecture, failing, fixing, etc  2. Gothic church no more 😢
It may sound dark, but I can't imagine the stress ue was in and wouldn't demonfy him if he chose to end it all.. it would just be depressing to hear about it, the deaths, neglect...  But to reframe it, the mental strength to keep going, even if you feel like you're drowning in an ocean of stress, anxiety, guilt... I really aspire to come close to that.
Did the family come up with that horrid Anglicized version of their name?
This is crazy to me haha, as someone who hates math, physics, etc, I can't imagine what math and thought has to go into it 😭  Makes me glad that there are people who Excel at math than others, bc I swear if I am responsible for any building, you'll have a better chance by just making the ground your house hahahaha  (But the concept i can still grasp, making this really interesting to listen to)
"Do you think thats wise,  Sir?"
Given the special pillar setup it is quite obvious for an absolute layman with two functioning neurons that the bigest wind threat is this quartering wind if you call it that. It is a nice story but the engineers that forgot to calculate that were absolute brainless morons.
LeMessurier Re-Measure
@15:37 closed captions: "pored over all of the connections." Not "poured over all of the connections."
22:00 nobody thinks of making skyscrapers close to each other like a bad idea? like.. bad bad idea?
Fun fact: In Season 2 Episode 1 of ABC's Two Guys and a Girl, they paid homage to this dilemma with one of the main character's (being an architecture student) buildings winning a 2nd place award for a similar design...all to be "blown" over by the new love interest of his best friend.
Back when it was considered bad for a person to be responsible for k*lling thousands of people.  Such a thing would not weigh on the conscience of so many people today.
this could be such a cool movie plot
The People are So Stupid No Wonder the Corrupt and Greedy Zio..sts Run Rings Around Them. They Don't See How Things Are Hushed Up by the Corrupt, When Their Mistakes Could Result in the Painful Death and Injury of Thousands. Either These Positive Comments Are From Zionatzi Bots or The People Are Still Asleep
Wow a beautiful gothic church replaced with a bloody concrete cube.   Im just talking about the church the skyscraper is an engineering marvel
That grate block of cheese
Amazing story
did someone say 6 7 years?
Imagen being a ceo or chairman and doing the right thing for people safety.
I am from a hurricane prone area. I can see that Hurricane Ella was a powerful storm. The eye is very clear and defined. Those are signs of a strong hurricane.
Mossad taking notes
PEAK documentary
They played Real life Jinga. unfortunately with the lives of people
they replaced that beautiful old gothic church with an ugly cube?
My takeaway from this story is that William LeMessurier is a man who put his reputation and career at risk, to do the right thing. I think he is a hero, may God Bless and Rest his soul.
1:39 you call that a 'house of the lord'?
no way they tore down that beautiful church for that
Didn't richard watterson make this design?
This was an absolute terrible idea
sAVING A 1/4 OF A MILLION TO BE BOLTED COSTED 3-4 MILLION INSTEAD AND A HEADACHE .. PROBLEMS ALWAYS HAPPEN FROM SAVING A PENNY ONLY TO LOSE IT ALL
11:29  .. . . .   something is shady about "didnt you know we bolted those connections""   common.. if its designed to be welded how could he not KNOW that it was being bolted..
How was this allowed? Ugh dude made a mustake and fixed it. Capitalism saved the day, lets name the video about regulations.
Very close calls that have potentially very bad, horrific even, consequences are very hard to talk about, even if you are able to make it completely right.  It is a hard weight to carry, and sometimes that weight is in your throat.
100% an inside job. No doubt about it
Reminds me of the ultor building from saints row 2
that citicorp center is a terrorists wet dream
May I mention a basic in construction? Wanna go high, build a wide base.
so how 2x coloms holding all building and its weaght??
3:13 , imagine rotating the top part 45 degrees. Now your stlits are corners
Cornering winds or Quartering winds?
Hey how was this allowed? Maybe its  CLOSE in proximity to 911 DISASTER?
This is really good, I'm going to watch it again.  I didn't understand the weld vs bolt issue, though.  At first he said bolts weren't a problem, but then with different forces it became a problem and it needed 14 instead of 4, which was just mind blowing.  As a layman I find it strange that you wouldn't automatically test all wind directions "just to be sure".  The fact that this wasn't a previous standard is a testament to how bad science(tists) can screw up and why society should not blindly trust it.  That is actually a situation where bureaucrats should stand up and say, we know you're the experts, but we want all directions tested anyway.  And if that had been law, then this never would have happened.
All I can think of is that one episode of Gumball where Richard was the boss of Chanax
Replacing that "old crumbling church" was a major mistake on its own.
A much smaller additional issue from the architectural design was the slanted roof line:  The Citigroup Center’s distinctive 45-degree slanted roof caused issues with ice and snow accumulation:Ice Problem: The sloped roof led to snow and ice sliding off during winter, posing a hazard to pedestrians on the sidewalks below. This was a known issue shortly after the building’s completion in 1977.
This one looks like it was hit by a plane.
How cynic you have to be to be there smiling and saying that lying is good just because you don't want to spread terror among people, instead of being sincere and admit that you don't want your whole public image and prestige to be ruined. Yet again, feeding the idea that we don't have to believe anything. You can put as much sugar as you can, but a lot of people could've died without knowing the risk they were assuming each day. Now THAT'S TERROR. And happens everyday. When there's power, there's a chance to hide a frightening reality to people. But then they say sht about Chernobyl nuclear disaster. Is THE SAME. People MUST ALWAYS KNOW.
He didn’t figure it out. One of his female students figured it out! Let’s get the facts straight.
I'm doing my PhD at a university in Japan and my research building has base isolation technology built into it. I've been in the building during earthquakes and it's wild. You can hardly feel them. Instead of the typical shaking, it's just a really long swaying feeling...even though I'm only on the 3rd floor.
The previous church building was much better than the new one.  I bet they wish they had kept it,
so nice
Dude did the right thing and the company won't even talk about it? That's effed up. They should be championing this behavior.
Sad that the church had to be destroyed for the weird looking new one
if you admit you messed up and try to fix something to save peoples lives, that is far more admirable than staying quiet about it
i cannot believe the pastor asked to have that beautful church replaced with that ugly square thing
Omfg what's 110 km/hr?!
Aah, the vanity of the church. Should have steamrolled it while screaming "Make space for progress, you outdated relic!"  ...sorry, Derek! 😅
Looks good on paper in static conditions!  Proceed with the build!  Nevermind any real winds will bring er’ down!   Stable is for horses!
Nah we don’t even need a plane for this one to fall😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀💀
He was the captain of that boat, he made a miscalculation, go back and fix it. Nothing more, nothing less.  Let’s get back to work now and redo those calculations😂
Diagonal, or Quartering winds? ? Wouldn't someone be considering the force of winds from any direction (angle)? It didnt say here, but even if the prevailing wind was from a given direction, It would stll be wise to calculate the winds from other directions. I dont know if i am missing something, but did they just wake up one day and ask "what if the wind wasn't side on?"
What about Building 7
It’s very fortunate that the fix for this problem was as simple as welding some plates to the existing structure. 6 weeks time to fix this is very fast
New York is a hideous 💩 hole
NIST evaluating internals of a building: challenge impossible
Just put some cinder blocks under it. And call it good?? 😎
No he kept it buried for 20 years
How is this incompetent irresponsible bodger still in business?..  Putting tens of thousands of lives at risk to save his career....should be in prison
Why not just turn the building 45 degrees and avoid all of this ? Smart people being dumb!
That building been there for so many years already... It's been deemed safe.
Should blame the architect for cutting all four corners just to please symmetry and aesthetic
They say if you design a bridge and it falls, you better hope you're inder it when it happens.  Rather than driving 100 mph into a building, he could have just rented an apartment in the building and then if it collapsed he wouldn't have to worry about lawsuits.  Kudos to him for making the right choice.
Nothing beats being lucky.  No other system rewards luck so lavishly as capitalism.
They may have fixed the desolate braces but they could not cure the aesthetic desolation.
They destroyed that old building? I hate America
The welders were the real heroes. If they didn't follow the protocol EXACTLY, the building would have collapsed right there. Interpass temps and order of operations were vital. I have owned a structural steel fab shop for the last 15 years, and I would have said no to that contract, no matter how much it paid.
I guess normal structurally sound buildings that rest on the ground get boring after a while
Part of making America great again!!!
How did it take them to built it ? If there was a hurricane the year before it was completed.
I can't imagine what the cost would have been to "manufacture" the total press blackout they were blessed with.
polish youtuber williextreme was faster
They have a building like that in SF to
Who had the bright idea to change the welds into bolts?
Well, this may indeed affect the 212 readers of the WP and the 6 folks left who watch MSNBC.
We need more people like him. I've seen some engineers just ducked and hidden away after mistakes been found.
18:56 67 67 67
Thank God for those two inquisitive engineering students who dared to buck one of the most powerful architectural firms in the States at the time, and ask some hard questions.
Wow they had a beautiful church and built one of the ugliest i have ever seen
This was what exactly we learnt in our urban planning course at NYU in terms of field research! Great content
That church was so beautiful and then they build a block instead of
They should’ve made the building round, wind would’ve gone right around it and it wouldn’t have really been a major factor. Also, why wouldn’t you just use more bolts, seriously? It’s the building collapses, thousands of people die in your company goes out of business… over a few extra bolts?
Since THE FALL (GENESIS CHAPTER 3)  MAN HAVE A VERY DANGEROUS MIND  With all respect for TRUTH and KNOWLEDGE
Thank God I live in Europe, and not a single man has balls to destroy an "old gothic crumbling church"
You’re telling me they were allowed to destroy a beauty of a church IN New York just to replace it with some minimalist ass building??
yepp
Architects build buildings to satisfy their egos and sound smart. The thing  with trying to sound smart is, it sways away from not doing anything stupid.  Invert, always invert.
The old church was way more beautiful then what they built new
Somehow nobody in the video says that it would be expected not to have people in a dangerous building about to fall. This adventurous intrigue: "we told noone, just did small adjustments each night, this is how heroic we are", is despicable, I am sorry. You do not let people come into a falling building, period.
They could have built a tent around it !
A team of buildings ignoring instructions and doing something easier instead? Never heard that story before 😏
All this just for the church to be taken down and rebuilt only to look not as nice as before -.-
This wasn't his mistake at all. Instructions were clear, those joints were supposed to be welded. As the contractor didn't do it and bolted it instead without any prior consultation, if they even can do it this way, then the contractor takes full responsibility for this mistake!!
I guess this engineer never played jenga.
Search the name Diane Hartley related to this building. SHE deserves credit for saving thousands of lives…..
Amazing story thanks
Why didn't they hire much more welders and construction guys? It took them 6 weeks or so to weld the 200+ joints, they could have done it in faster time if had much more teams of welders.
Lamuesuer was off by a lil measure.
I don't know what 80% of this video is about, but I can definitely see that it was an amazing feat that requires a lot of brain power.
Thats just chanix after Richard Waterson made it "fun functional"
what a terribly ugly and stupid design. the church looks god awful as well.
is that redheaded host by any chance related to Flat Top from the Dick Tracy comics?
Id never go near it regardless
The chair comparison is invalid because chair legs cannot normally have legs (piers) driven into bedrock
That's something you build in Minecraft
I pay for youtube premium. Seriously, don’t put an ad in the middle of your video and claim you’re an engineer. You’re a deceitful and greedy advertiser
Some commenters here seem to think that he should get only props and seem hesitant to dole out criticisms.  I read a comment that said “ once the mass dampener was working”, they really had little to worry about and could go about fixing the building slowly”.  Well if the chance you wouldn’t live through the next storm decreased from a terrible 1/16.. to a smooth 1/67??    So sure.. 1/67 in any given year, pRoBaBlY wOnT HaPpEn tHiS yEaR….  but that is the condition they were under when they decided they could take at least twice as long to fix the problem by working secretly at night.  If you found out that your ceo knew you had a 1/67 chance to die during the next storm and kept business as usual would you be okay with that!?!  If they mentioned there was a building wide maintenance..    hell.. lie and say we have to knock out the power.. you can’t work anyway, go home for a few weeks..  (panic could have been avoided) would have been orders of magnitude more ethical than keeping the profits of building flowing while gambling on people’s lives.
Its amazing how dumb even educated people can be.
Interesting to think about the ethical implications of this story.  Because the building was corrected before it collapsed, LeMessurier is considered to have done what was ethically correct.  If the building had collapsed during the six-week repair window, LeMessurier and conspirators would have been vilified for concealing the discovery and the repairs.  Arguably, they would have deserved the vilification since the repairs could presumably have been accomplished much more quickly if they were not being done secretly.
This is another reason why we should not be deleting massive numbers of regulations. Most of them were instituted for good reasons.
like. a ghost on stilts
I use to be brainwashed into religion! I died twice! Once during surgery where my blood flow stopped for over 5 minutes till staff got me externally run by pumps to keep blood flowing to my brain & a second time when I randomly blacked out like I was just exhausted & woke up four days later. I'm 32, 168lbs male & life can & will just D20 you ass like nobody's business! Fun fact: both times I was pronounced "dead" felt like I was just sleeping! No pain, no afterlife, just PURE black void waiting for my alarm clock waiting to go off & say it's time to wake up & go to work!
20:05 He had himself a real "To be, or not to be" moment
doompisht evil incorprated
Lamessurier? More like should measure
LeMeasurer did the measurement!!!
Who tf is this guy
Imagine this though. If the creator of all of this didn't get contacted by another company+the student (ty professor lol) about doing something similar he would never have found out about this probably. Which would have meant thousands of people would have died  so yes thank you whoever got him to check lol. The guy is actually blessed though..Press blackout, storm saying ''sorry bro wrong adress''.. I mean how much luck can one person have
Just imagine if you will, what would have happened if the engineer had Trump level ethics. Admit he was wrong? Yeah, I'm sure that would have happened
Daim, 18.3m, when i subbed this had like 2m.  It's nice to see that so many people are willing to learn new stuff (the guy looks older now 2 x))  Seriously though imagine how long it took to build all these insane skycrapers it's crazy. Watching this also made me realize how smart some people are. The fact that they don't just design but also need to know everything about physics. The chevron part is actually just <3 (''be funny if his name was written ''la measure'')
Gotta say sounds like this guy was a man of integrity, instead of initially getting angry and blaming others for a design change he didn't know about he sought help and looked for solutions to fix the problem.
All of these skyscrapers around the country were full of asbestos for fire protection on the steel beams, and none of them had cabling for the Internet. And so they were going to need to run cabling, or the tenants were going to move out because the Internet was new and they needed it. These skyscrapers were obsolete at that point. Because running the cables would mean disturbing the asbestos. So you know what happens on 911
@Veritasium Why is the 2D architectural plan still the most effective form of communication in architecture? Does it have to do with our evolution, with how we perceive the world??
Kudos to this engineer for doing the right thing. We need more ppl with integrity especially today in 2025.
That's crazy that people were able to go into a skyscraper night after night, ripping open the walls, and not be discovered. So interesting!
LOL.   They wonder why people don't want to talk about the building's design. Heh... I will tell you.  Let's play a game called 'Anthropogenic Global Warming'. Do you know what the massive increase in E in the atmosphere does to the E of large storms, like hurricanes?   That 'once in a 1000 years' storm is not a 'once in a 1000 years' storm, kids.    Not by a long shot.
It's a shame they replaced the old architecture of the church with... that.
22:25 "no one wanted a mass panic"........why not? Because you're worried about money, and you don't want to pay the costs of buildings being empty in the area until the building is made safe......if people are scared to be around a dangerous building BEFORE any serious weather event occurs, that's a healthy thing
This is the only key moment in this you need to watch, the facial expression 14:57
This shouldnt be glorified. Lemarc and the city lied to everyone to save there own butt.
So did LeMessurier himself sign off on the bolts and forget or did someone else who worked for/with him do it?
Has anybody mentioned the issue of ice chunks sliding off the angled top of the building and smashing to the street below? I remember that as being a problem but I'm don't know how it was addressed.
How they not told him about construction changes is mind blowing 🫤
I have an idea. Why didn't they just shut the building down hire a bunch of certified welders inspectors and carpenters. Get it done in a week. 27:49
Correction....The flaw in the Citicorp Center's design was discovered by Diane Hartley, a Princeton University undergraduate student, who identified a critical vulnerability related to "quartering winds" that could have led to the building's collapse.  Her findings were brought to the attention of William LeMessurier, the building's chief structural engineer, although initially, he dismissed her concerns.  Subsequent investigations confirmed the danger, leading to a secret and urgent repair effort to reinforce the building's structure.
Skyscrapers on stilts.
Didn't Pete make this design in Two Guys, A Girl and A Pizza Place?
Ben Grimm broke someothiing like that building in Fantastic 4 (2025)
Wind can't melt steel beams.
Didn’t want to cause a mass panic??? This is so typical of the modern day “educated”. Thinking they always know best, and the people need to be lied to. If I found out after the fact that I was working in a ticking time bomb to provide for my children and I wasn’t informed, I cannot imagine the anger.
Just wait until you see whats under the foundations of normal sky scrapers
Dude they didn't do that church justice.. they messed up its identity and essentially they removed it.
That is a travesty to replace that beautiful church with what looks like an oversized brutalist's tissue box
lip to the stick
So interesting. I'm glad it turned out so well and they learned so much from this.
Cant believe that smart student was denied any and all recognition for saving all these lives with their curiosity! But at least the engineer go to keep his reputation huh
My favorite thing about stories like this is wondering how many other near catastrophe's we don't know about because they silently fixed/solved it to avoid causing a panic and the story about it just never came out.
Hey hey, this old world keeps spinnin’ ‘round, it’s a wonder tall trees ain’t layin’ down,  there comes a time
The Japanese have a pendulum system under their high rise buildings,  tremors are frequent there. Wind sheer wouldn’t be a problem due to ‘corner’ support.  So the idea of putting a high rise building on a central “match stick” is ridiculous, it’s a constant balancing act.
Bring back gothic architecture modern stuff looks so bad
Society will be much safer once more people adopt the mindset of appreciating good intentions and earnest effort and adaptability instead of "being perfect from the start" and "looking good on the surface"
These videos are so damn good
Bruh wtf? Why is it dubbed now?
That church look beautiful
What's amazing is that the original design welds were changed without the proper calculations. And, of course, the builders are always trying to cut corners. I imagine that puttjjng 4 bolts in, instead of the correct welding, was saving a lot of money, which went in someone's pocket.
All this because a greedy pos contractor, by the way. Imagine being such a pos, that you think you can build the building DIFFERENTLY THAN THE BLUEPRINT... that arrogant contractor was never accountable too.
I can't be convinced not saying anything is ethical. Wouldn't it have been faster to evacuate the building and work on it in near constant shifts of possible given the danger? Being secretive slowed the repairs.
So we're giving pats on the back for correcting a mistake that would have killed thousands? Am I missing something?
If it was the gothic church i would have understood the building around it part.
13:11 "went through the calculations with the student to reassure him" the student was a female! There was a podcast about her.
with no columns on the bottom corners, no one thought to calculate the force of the wind on those diagonals. crazy
Sometimes recovering with grace is more blessing than perfection in the first place. Just don't make it an intentional practice.
So they had a beautiful gothic church that the destroyed and made some weird shining cube out of. And then they needed a stipulation to make the church separate from the new building. But then they go ahead and make it look like the building. It looked very different before they wrecked it
who TF uses k/hr?? Even the UK uses MPH. You definitely know your audience...
I am not sure i belive him about the bolt. He had to sign such a huge structual change off beforehand. And it wasn't even him who discovered the mistake. He also did not own up to his mistakes. He hid them undre the rug, let a hurricane pass, without notifying anyone about the danger, and he went public only once it was fixed. And it is not like he had a choice about fixing the issue. When (and NOT if) the building crumbles he would have been the first one in the crossfire... Ps.: we lost a piece of beautiful history with that church. It is ugly and bleak as hell now
Where is Diane Hartley?
Why did the 3 other corners need to be empty?
Am i the only one thinking that the gothic church was more beautiful that the block they built?
Lucky man really but true to his heart .
There is the lecture from LeMessurier?
How come I immediately thought of diagonal wind just from seeing the building once, before even watching the video? I'm not any kind of genius, so how was it an oversight with the top engineers and architects in the world? You can intuit this from sitting on a chair..
Ngl I kinda still have my doubts about the integrity of that structure
🤔Imagine if the building needed to be evacuated.
The stilts not only support the building, they would have the lifts, plumbing, electrical and computer wiring.  Escape routes, in case of fire.   🤔Imagine if the plumbing got blocked.
I'm pretty sure there was an episode of Numbers based on this! Only they dramatized it by adding a murder coverup to the mix.
The most puzzling thing for me is how such a significant change (bolts instead of welds) cold be made without the guy in charge , not just being asked, but not even being told about it.  No wonder no one wants to talk about it, even now.  They took a chance, just to save money, and they knew it was a chance, which is why they kept quiet (and still do). Bill saved their bacon, and he took the entire responsibility and worry of the problem and the fix, when it wasn't his fault - his design (as it should have been built) was fine.  If this is taught as an example of ethics within engineering, I'm afraid they're telling the wrong story - the exact opposite is the true story.
This could be  actually made into movie
It wasn't him that discovered the mistake. It was an engineering student who he's not giving credit to
I’d appreciate it if you didn’t gloss over how they resolved the issue using steel plates in each joint. Specifically, how they came up with that solution.
So after they finished construction, he woke up one morning and said: "wait... that might not be a good idea".
22:30 "nobody wanted a mass panic" more like nobody wanted a loss of profits. The obvious ethical decision would be to evacuate and close the building/area until it could be ensured safe, but that would disrupt business. Instead they gambled with thousands of peoples lives and happened to get lucky that nothing catastrophic happened before their hand hit the table.
The `crumbling gothic` old  church is absolutely stunning with much more soul than the new building. The new one honestly just looks like someone dropped a weird concrete box in the middle of towng
Another of thousands of reasons church makes people lifes harder...
0:15 - that little flaw in the design is just coming to him now?? 🫢 Nobody better sneeze!
Tearing down that gothic church was a crime :(
America in a nutshell
Great story.. but I don't like proceses where it all depends on a single person. The process should have several checks and balances so this can never happen.  I'm glad that it was remediated on time. But it shouldn't get this far.
He did not discover that himself
Such a great story
I would have immediately panicked.
The engineer made no such discovery.  A engineering student (Diane Hartley ) made the discovery and brought it to his attention.  Video is slightly out of order.
What a redemption story.
Maybe all the skyscrapers in NYC should be connected to each other with sky bridges that tie them them together. After all, those calculations did not allow for climate change…!
La-Measure had to Re-Measure
Why insist they build around their little footprint instead of being incorporated within a larger, more structurally sound skyscraper if they weren't even trying to preserve a historical building? It seems more like the church owners had a personal beef with the architect and challenged his skill in every way possible. That new church looks more like a troll in the corner of progress to me. But hey, its only opinion.
28:19 like the Phillipines of course,
your information is wrong. it was not the engineer who found the flaw. it was a student studying the building structure for her case study. her name is diane hartley. without her, it would be too late by the time they discover it.
Church was probably pedo-infested so it had to go.
It always amazes me when people tear down beautiful ancient church buildings and replace it with the most atrocious design imaginable.
Uhm.. force measured in tons? Gives me tingles ;)
Diane Hartley?
Imagine you accidentally make a permanent stain on office wall, and next morning it disappeared.
great video!
As an engineer, this building always makes me shiver...
the new church was a massive downgrade. it looks plain af.
Why not jest build a normal building and save time money and lives
Proving once again that honesty is ALWAYS the best policy.  Bravo to William LeMessurier.
so my D is tuned mass dampering?
You can't convince me that an organization called "CityCorp" isn't developing zombie serums
All this madness has to stop, and people should turn to normality. 😢
More topic like this please
This thing sounds like it would've been skyscraper equivalent to the Titan submarine.
I watched the construction of a new bridge and the only supports it had was 4 steel beams that got covered up with a fancy looking wall
2:59 gaming chairs are.
Moral of the story, check with who you’re working with cause their greed could screw you over the back.
The *Buster* Building
:D
Hellooo
yooo
So the lives of hundreds and thousands of people depends on one person? Why not make the project checked and double-checked by the second and third engineer then? Isn't it obvious??
Roaming charges? Since when has that been a thing in the USA
Because the engineer's name is not bashir or fadee
Afchitecture student here, I wonder why they didnt go for a triangular floor plan to work together with the church instead of dealing with this self made problem. Plus that church was really beautiful, it's a shame they didnt think so
I would like to reach @Veritasium by some means, and clear up a few issues with the presentation.   I knew Bill.  He worked for my grandfather when in Boston, and was a contemporary of my dad. I worked with LeMessurier in the Cambridge office.
This is a key difference between engineers and doctors.  Doctors get to bury their mistakes one by one...Engineering errors can take out thousands.
I really don't understand all of this, but definitely fun to watch and learn.
Thats the ugliest church ive ever seen and the old gothic one was a lot better
I came up with three ideas that could have been designed better....
why is an american using km/h to describe wind blowing against a building in Manhattan?
only clicking on this vid to laugh how clickbait your thumbnails are lol
This guy is one of the luckiest people ever🤣
He should’ve checked his LeMessurierments twice
May I dub your vedio in hindi
How would you even go and demolish that thing safely bruh
Those 'POSTS(stilts)' holding the building should have been placed in the corners instead of the center-sides. The wider the 'posts' location the more force is needed to topple the building. It was immediately obvious to me when i saw the building and I'm only a machinist (from Serbia). I cannot believe the structural engineers couldn't see the flaw.
U let jew control ur city😂🎉
Это все из за церкви, делайте выводы
Because it’s New York
I think all engineers experience it at some point in their career. Probably not at this magnitude, but definitely finding out about past mistakes and needing to make a choice to own up to it or ignoring it.
What if the braces had been welded instead of bolted?... Would that kind of connection withstand strong angular winds? Would Bill have calmed down or still dug into the problem?
10:51 so your using a 1977 chart and called the Sears tower, Willis tower? Im offended. That name is basically a slur here in Chicago
MAGA: remove all updates!
Credit Diane Hartley - first to prove problem
This is an amazing engineering and ethical success story that ultimately has likely saved thousands of lives by pioneering the mass damping system and served as an example to countless others to do the right thing.
Everyone makes mistakes, but this was a by-the-numbers solution. Well done for stepping up.
One shudders to imagine what bankers would have done if the remediation costs had caused the original budget to be exceeded. Suddenly, I fear that rationalizations would have convinced the executives that the costs outweighed the risks. It’s important for the engineers and architects to be virtuous, but the suits call the shots at the end of the day. Just look at Stockton Rush and the Titan implosion.
Not gonna lie, I have no clue how that building made it past the engineers.  Any normal person could have told you that it's was a stupid idea and was gonna fall over.
They actually tore down that beautiful Gothic church for that ugly blob looking monstrosity??
The integrity that man had is lacking in the professional world, these days.
You want to mess with mental health. Go in and replace the walls and act like you didn't
If he recommended welding and they used bolts instead, how is that his fault?
Damn, that old church was beautiful and had character! The new one is just disgusting
it's utterly amazing how satanic and backwards our world is everyone needs to come section is praising this guy who fixed this problem. There would be no problem in the first place if they did not build a tower of greed over a church or around the church.    it's like padding a guy on the back and saying well done, sir for saving those drunk driver's lives, but Officer, I was the one that gave them the alcohol.
what are the odds an architecht today would have worked tirelessly for years to find a fault in their own design? near zero by my calculations. in this case i think they were lucky, the structural beams were very easily accessible though. imagine if these were buried in structurally require concrete.
I'm an engineer at a firm and all I can think of this whole time is "how the hell were billable's managed over this!?" 🤣 all seriousness. Great lessons. Shortcuts are what keep me up at night.
That old church was beautiful. New one does not glorify.
I can't stand yanks. You can't tell them anything. Braindead people. They did elect a pdf twice though so the rest of the world is pretty much out of sympathy and compassion for your cesspool.
It was an MIT student doing her thesis on structural engineering , that discovered the wind risk on the City Corp building, NOT Bill LeMessurier, she brought it to his attention, they then covertly installed the famous Pendulum atop the building, GET YOU'RE FACTS RIGHT
I always heard and saw the the documentary of a college student who actually found the fatal flaw in the bldg, and she brought it up. Which saved the city.  This story that the guy is telling is half true if that makes any sense
14:50 wreak*
All this, just to preserve a church that no longer resembles a church at all.
I would hate to work in that building
Don’t underestimate the power of Church…
No disrespect but I'm glad me or my family dont work, live, shop or visit anywhere near there in 2025 +
... Wasn't there an architect student who discovered the flaws???
1:43 that old “crumbling” gothic church was built just as well as salt lake cathedral- this was just us trying to hide our true history destroying old world buildings that have been here for  400 /500 years
there's one in nashville, too
Lets remove a beautiful, old, master piece of construction and replace it with a ... square....
United States and the free Western world fascinates me so much: all this innovation and effort, just because some guy didn't want to sell a church.   In my dictatorial sh**hole the process would go like thos:  1) The guy would be offeres money (far less than what the market price of the lot is)  2) If he refused, he and his family would be endlessly harassed until he is pressured to sell 3) If still refusing, then they'd go to the local law authorities and bribe them to create this guy some problems. Make up a case e t c 4) Outright 'disappear him', so they can continue "negotiations" with a more 'negotiable' person.    Upon sale they'd just demolish everything and build as usual    This is why West is much more better than anything: value of individual, much less corruption, and working laws
Crumbling church? It looked like perfectly intact... this is how they destroy the history of our civilisation
This would make a great movie
Not only can I not go into that building, but passing it on the subway and bus drives me crazy. I have a hyper sensitive inner ear balance.
There's an apartment nearby CRUMBLING?? from the heavy rains. Im so scared of apartments now lol
The gothic church made that whole street nicer. WTF is that block?
Now I have to worry about the office building structure along with other conditions as I’m searching for a new job😇😇
Amazing how one corporation can cause so much chaos
His nightmare still unfold but in a different way (twin towers).
Typical effing twentieth century to destroy a beautiful church and example of western architecture for a stupid building
but at the same time its also basic if we are going for that kind of thing
it would be fine if it was a third the height i guess
that church had the biggest downgrade in the whole history, its boderline criminal, it hurts my eyes to see the atrocity they made to that beautiful looking gothic structure turned into whatever that shihhh is rn, I hate minimalism
Imagine explaining this to Trump, he will just say, why not just kill the wind.. Boom solved the problem. He will take credit for killing the wind.
Probably shouldn't listen to the church for engineering advice. 🤦🏻‍♂️
13:37 *how is it even POSSIBLE he could have gotten that 'phone call' on a land line phone like that wing NO CHORD on the phone?* it's simple: he was insane & was talking to no one on an empty phone (Tyler Durden style)
im not getting how hes a hero?  he screwed up royally  and didnt even realise his screw up could have killed thousands until a student spotted the flaw.  then he kept his mouth shut and seriously considered not telling anyone before finally consulting his lawyers and then telling his clients hed built them a building that could collapse.  how that heroism?  the alternative was keeping quiet and spending the rest of his life in jail when it fell down.    not the kind of ethics to be applauding.
Another day, another firms taking shortcuts on original engineers design. Huh, when do we learn buddy. Stop being so greedy.
I watched a different video about this right before I started watching Suits. They had no idea.
That might be the ugliest church I've ever seen
uch a morally upstanding guy that knowingly, needlessly risked thousands of lives for the sake of saving his career.      He didn't tell tenants to evacuate, opting instead to hide the danger - knowing there was a one in sixteen chance they'd all die while he went about sneakily fixing his boneheaded error.      Citicorp, lawyers, and NYC, of course, accessories after the fact.      Nothing to do, obviously, with wanting to avoid a "mass panic" - one of the silliest, most insulting, excuses imaginable.
Tell the Chinese in Thailand they could learn a few things.
It's worth asking if the managers of a present day company would accept the responsibility for a blunder like this or just keep quiet in the hope that nothing will happen until they're long gone.
Why did the TMD need power? I thought the swaying of the building set it in motion at which point it does its thing?
There was another event that focused on another aspect of skyscraper construction. Specifically the material and the limits under extreme heat. The scenario was understandably highly unlikely, but did happen. It  likely changed how not only design, but materials were chosen and implemented. Most reading know what event I'm talking about.
Stop using kilometers as your unit for speed. You're an American, ffs.
They would be sunk right about now. No NOAA or Weather Authority to forecast whether a storm is on it's way (unless you're a billionaire and own your own weather forecasting stations).
The diagrams at 5:40 are giving me flashbacks to Mechanics Unit 1.
bro the old "crumbling" gothic church looked NICE.
But he gambled his reputation, and lives of thousands on the weather.. 😱😱🥵
old crumbeling church?? and they replace it with what?
don't overcomplicate your designs
Weird amuricans, we don't pay anything extra in Europe.
Not only one but two literally spit takes. 40% and 60%...
Someone needs to be arrested for letting that church be replaced with whatever that thing they now call a church is.
The fact that church was even allowed to be demolished is insane in my country they are listed buildings which means they cannot be demolished and must be maintained. The inside can change for example many churches are turned into houses but the outside and structure of the building must be kept the same.
Hire normal people, that won’t make idiotic comments about “old church”
This is the Titanic in slow motion.  Further evidence that mankind is regressing, mentally.    Some places far quicker than others. 😐
skeet ulrich, that u !???!!!!
This building is iconic from top to bottom.  A structural miracle. ✨✨✨
Its bolted but what if they the retroactivly welded it aswell. Oh thats what they did.
This video is an inadvertent study of mediocrity in white men.  “I could drive into a bridge and all of this would go away” yeah for you you selfish prck, what about everyone in the building? To even think that and then share that as if that somehow makes him a hero is WILD, the individualist nature of the white ego is a death cult. All that matters is his psyche huh?  That new church building is utterly soulless JFC
This video is the sales pitch for “Factor of Safety” (my engineers here will understand)
There's a similar building in Rochester NY downtown. A bank or old Xerox building I believe.
So ridiculous. Who would live in a building like that?  It’s a death trap
Project SERENE sounds like a masterclass of both engineering efforts, but also human collaboration in service of public good and safety, all operating clandestinely so not to thrown the public into disarray. It's all quite incredible fr
Horrible idea for a building.
I recall that this building also created a falling ice sheet problem once it was topped out.  Snow would build up on that slopped roof and build up ice beneath it and plummet down to the street in large chunks.
That replacement church looks awful.
How does that pass inspection???????.......
1 reason "Welcome to night city"
An outstanding lesson in valuing others above yourself, which is a hallmark of true greatness in a person.  ***** Philippians 2:3-4: Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility count others more significant than yourselves. Let each of you look not only to his own interests but also to the interests of others. *****  This passage from the Bible exhorts followers of Jesus to adopt a mindset of humility and to prioritize the needs and well-being of others above themselves.  Doing this is truly loving others as Jesus did when he willingly and undeservedly died to save us all.
Sadly, if such a thing were to god-forbid happen again today, I'm quite convinced they wouldn't bother to mobilize and rectify the probelms. Take a look at Boeing itself. Times have changed, profits over responsibility accountability. This story is so inspiring but makes me feel a dread should a mistake like this repeat itself, people would sweep it under the rug and pass around thoughts and prayers as recompense.
3:07 they are called legs
0:20 Why hadn’t he already calculated that.
I thought I was so smart having watched so many Veritasium videos about math and computer science I thought I was so smart but now I realise nope, I don't get architecture at all
As in software engineering, i learn to listen to junior programmers. Everyone has something to contribute, either senior or junior programmer
Are you saying a pyramid could, theoretically, last a long time?
Anyone who refuses to let in such a channel as Veritasium - is shady. I wouldnt work there.
He was a great man for owning up to the mistakes. Even though it could have meant his career, he valued the lives it would cost should the worst happen. He had enough courage to admit there was something wrong with the structure and how it was built.  People admitting to mistakes, learning from them and fixing what was messed up should be applauded and praised, no matter how much it costs to fix. Especially when it's potentially saving lives in the future.
So LeMessurier fails to consider that wind might come from an angle instead of head on, hires people for his firm that approve corner cutting, finds out from a college student that he made a deadly mistake and considers killing himself instead of working to fix it, doesn't tell the tenents of the tower they are in lethal danger and then fixes the problem but then doesn't even give the student credit. Asshole.   Just contacting the student and saying "Hey, your call saved a lot of lives" would have cost him nothing. Hippocratical to tell people the right thing to do when you see danger is to say something, when he literally didn't tell the people at risk and didn't give credit to the person who did speak up when she saw danger.  I don't buy the "we didn't tell them because we didn't want to panic them argument". Imagine if your roommate set your house on fire while you were asleep but luckily was able to put it out before it killed you. I would want to know so I could decide for myself how to react because my life was in danger. What damage would have come from being honest with the tenets by telling them there's a narrow chance the building will collapse? People aren't going to riot in the streets. All of the damage would have been to the wallets and reputation of LeMessurier, his firm and the people responsible which would have been fair. Then it could have been fixed openly and more efficiently. He wasn't concerned about causing a panic, he just didn't want face consequences for actions.
Makes you wonder how many other skyscrapers there are where they didn’t make the right ethical choices
wasnt le meassurier this time
Ask these guys what they think about 9/11
LeMessurier is quite the name, sounds like measure.  Like Ace Attorney
Hi, so I'm sorry, I have a question regarding wind speed. I used to work on a ship and we always talked about wind in meters per second. Is it common for engineers to instead use the km per hour measure?
The " crumbling old gothic" church is way more beautiful than the new one
Why is planning approval given for obviously dangerous structures in NY?
That "church" is ugly af
I don't get how this is seen as a good example of ethics. To save face they did the reinforcements in secret which led to a longer time frame and raised the risk of it getting hit by a hurricane. The structure was so unsound there was no ignoring it anyways.
He should have Le Measured better
I still can't believe they haven't added columns to the 3 available corners.
Common sense would tell you to put the other 3 columns on the corners that are obviously still available.
5:39 yeah no can do for my brain to understand
It is good that he went back and corrected mistakes but what really sticks out to me is the drive to fine tune the engineering to save money in the first place. I feel like this drive is too strong in engineering today. We shouldn't be trying to make things the minimum amount of strength possible to get the job done/meet regulations just to save a few bucks.   1/1000 still seems awfully high chance of a storm that can knock it over. I don't know what's standard in this field, perhaps lower. But especially with climate change, I wouldn't make assumptions that 1/1000 stat would hold because it's not like we can precisely know exactly how storms will change as a result of changing climate conditions.
Thats the tallest mob farm ive ever seen
Hugh Stubbins was also responsible for a building popularly known as the "Pregnant Oyster" in Berlin (1956/1957). This building was/is quite an eye-catcher. Coincidences do happen: In 1980, the southern part of the roof collapsed during a press conference. You can read all about it on Wikipedia: "Kongresshalle (Berlin-Tiergarten)" - ...unfortunately not in English. Why?
6:47 yk what else is MASSIVE?
This was by far the most thrilling and amazing engineering story I have ever listened to. Too bad I was in NY last week and didn’t know about this one.
The fact that these close-quartered skyscrapers can fall over and kill thousands of people and therefore need engineering to keep them from doing so under extreme conditions, is telling. Telling? Telling how?  Telling that it would be better to pull them, rather than let them tip over.  It is also telling that the elite engineers, architects, property owners decided not to inform the public, much less any of the people working in the building.
They should pay to go beyond and always err on the side of more than you think is enough. The sea wall at Fukushima was the height they figured was enough. But it wasn’t.
I’m kinda annoyed he kept saying “they did this” or “they did something else”. I think he misspoke. I believe he meant to say “we” in those cases.
Those exposed stilts are so dangerous, it’s the perfect target for an “attack”. Easily accessed and a “bad person” could plan which direction they want the building to fall by picking the obvious stilt.
i grew up one block away from this building. my dad bought my childhood apartment in 1977 because he worked in the citicorp at the time. he never learned about this until years later. i asked him about it and the workers truly had no idea the repair was going on
The Church was the engineering marvel, shame it was demolished for these 2 ugly buildings.
31:03 - Of course he was asking for fame and glory.  Maybe not anything official, but he clearly wanted to "have the credit."
just do diagonal extension stability legs and take away the sun lol
I now know why blue collar guys talk so much trash about engineers and architects. Failed to personally audit his firm’s implementation of the design. Overlooked the design of the structure. Then kept the issue relatively secret though he acted to fix it, morally bankrupt. Got a room of people laughing sad.
We need to jail so many people... That building was a criminal enterprise from start to finish
Never agree to contractor’s proposal without reviewing their design calculations.  And never trust claims by contractor’s designers without design calculations based on sound engineering practices and all criteria.
"a tuned mass damper... or TMD"  my mind, being chinese as it is: 他妈的！(don't translate it)
Holy ish! This story is crazy because in February of 78, I chose the CITICORP building as my project for my structural project assignment. It was my 2ns semester. I went to the building in March of 78 to do a walk through, do some sketches, and take notes. The first ing I remember was how much the building swayed. I mentioned it to my one of my professors, Bill Berenman he's German. My other professor, I don't remember his name, but his firm designed the Central Commercail High School located at 34th and Park Ave.  I wish I still had my notes on that project. I'd like to see what my grade was, but that was 45 years ago.  Another very noticeable issue was the finishing touches grouting in the corners. It was horrible for such a major project. Back then, there were no cell phones, so I had to sketch everything for my notes.   Another class project I had was the 42nd St bus terminal. My university was right around the corner. I had many notes, and sketches from close observations of that project as well.   My college years back, then we're filled with so many major landmark construction. After I got out of college, I worked for a company that fabricated and installed the wood finishes doors, conference rooms, and security concierge from the 51st fl to the 86 th floor of the WTC Tower 1-2.   This video brought back so many good memories. I LOVE NYC ❤ 💯.!
20:32 "a few lawyers"....BETTER CALL SAUL!
To be clear, avoiding panic means not disrupting the flow of work at Citi. No one was going to run screaming from the building if the news broke. They decided to not inform the people working at risk in the building because it would cost too much money to do so. Not hard to understand the calculus, but certainly a stretch to describe it as a "moral" white lie.
This was basically the plot of one of the episodes of that show Numb3rs, with the legend David Krumholtz
If it collapsed, at least it would be replaced by something better looking It looks like a minecraft mob farm
Wow that original church was beautiful! What a horrible decision.
What is bedrock ?
The new church looks absolutely disgusting. Why dodnt they renovate the gothic one...
Replacing the old gothic church with this modern monumental ugliness is a crime in and of itself
thumbnail question was 'how was THIS allowed?'  Answer: the Jews
I love how they dismiss that beautiful gothic church.
man i love when a really smart guy realizes he's made a dangerous mistake and takes responsibility to fix it instead of refusing to believe he could ever possibly be wrong and forging blindly ahead at the risk of innocent lives. wish we saw more of that these days
19:35 "devastating"? why? he didnt made a call to change welds to bolts and he didn't use less of it than required. Contractor that did that should be shitting his pants, not the architect.
“Place here …here ..here..aaannnddd here, simple”
it was a documentary long ago...
01:19 Unbelievable that these people have swapped a beautiful old church to a ugly geometric something.
fell bad for the downgraded church, the old architecture was so stylish
Bro.... 1 look at the building by anyone with literally just common sense, can tell you that it's not structurally capable of withstanding strong winds.
Can never understand how They can allow building Straight up faceless towers ..the Legs at the bottom are a total Joke..
Taiwan capitol  Taipei City 101 Building has the same but in a shape of a giant metal ball.
Hello ! May Allah protect and guide you to his light and happiness in this life and the hereafter, God bless, Ameen. Excuse me for giving a little presentation of Islam, because it is very misunderstood nowadays, especially on those « Antichrist's » times, where media and politics are mixed to distort history and truth. And terrorists (puppets of the Antichrist) who misinterpret verses, out of ignorance and political motivations, and take them out of historical context (just like radical atheists do by the way) don't help either. Thank you very much for your time.  First of all, if you have any questions regarding Islam and yourself, just open the Quran randomly, and you will find the answer in front of you, like a miracle and a sign from God. 	 Islam is an arabic word that means the Surrender to the One and Only God, our Creator, Protector, Provider, who gives us life and all that we have, we are safe and sound by his will and grace, we are His and to Him we return, and we have to thank him in this trial life by submitting to him by our free will, or later in the Day of judgment when it's too late to save our own skin. Islam was the original Religion descended to earth from heaven with Adam and Eve (peace and blessing be upon them) in the beginning of humanity. and was passed to people with the succession of the 124 000 prophets and 315 messengers of God to all nations and civilizations since, passing by Noah, Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Ismaël, Joseph, Moses, Aaron, Joshua, David, Solomon and Jesus (Peace and blessing be upon them) during the history of mankind, the last replaces and completes the previous, until the succession of the last messenger of God fourteen centuries ago, Muhammad (Peace and blessing be upon him) to complete the noble morals of all mankind, to bring humans and jinns out of darkness into light, and to purify people's religion and belief from corruption and polytheism, and return it to purity and true monotheism, like it was in the times of the prophets (Peace and blessing be upon them).  Many Religions that we know nowadays, at their beginning were true and under Islam, initiated by one of the prophets of God, but their original teachings, history and scriptures have been corrupted over time with falsification and polytheism, or lost and replaced with false ones. That's why Islam is the only Religion accepted by God nowadays, which consists in bearing witness that there is no god besides Allah (God in Aramaic, the original language of Jesus and the Gospel), and that Muhammad is His servant and messenger, just like Jesus and Moses and others are His servants and messengers. Never a messenger of God said he was God or literally son of God, it was the people after him who changed the words of God and corrupted the Religion. God is unique and absolute, He does not need to have a family and sons or to associate anyone else with His kingdom, He can simply create whatever He wants, everything belongs to Him, and to Him everything will return. Allah said in Surah Al-Mu’minun : “God has never begotten a son, nor is there any god besides Him. Otherwise, each god would have taken away what it has created, and some of them would have gained supremacy over others. Glory be to God, far beyond what they describe. The Knower of the hidden and the manifest. He is exalted, far above what they associate. (91-92 / Translated by ITANI).  Allah means the one and only God, the God of all prophets and creatures, the creator of the universe and mankind, and the Master of the Day of judgment, where our destiny, Hell or Paradise, is decided based on our faith and deeds in this trial life, and above all, Allah's mercy.   Allah said in Surah Al-Ikhlas : In the name of God, the Gracious, the Merciful. Say, “He is God, the One. God, the Absolute. He begets not, nor was He begotten. And there is none comparable to Him.” (1-4 / Translated by ITANI).  Allah said in Surah An-Nisa : O FOLLOWERS of the Gospel! Do not overstep the bounds [of truth] in your religious beliefs, and do not say of God anything but the truth. The Christ Jesus, son of Mary, was but God's Apostle - [the fulfilment of] His promise which He had conveyed unto Mary - and a soul created by Him. Believe, then, in God and His apostles, and do not say, "[God is] a trinity". Desist [from this assertion] for your own good. God is but One God; utterly remote is He, in His glory, from having a son: unto Him belongs all that is in the heavens and all that is on earth; and none is as worthy of trust as God. Never did the Christ feel too proud to be God's servant, nor do the angels who are near unto Him. And those who feel too proud to serve Him and glory in their arrogance [should know that on Judgment Day] He will gather them all unto Himself: (171-172 / Translated by Muhammad Asad).  Allah the Most Merciful said in Surah Ali-Imran : Behold, the only [true] religion in the sight of God is [man's] self-surrender unto Him; and those who were vouchsafed revelation aforetime took, out of mutual jealousy, to divergent views [on this point] only after knowledge [thereof] had come unto them. But as for him who denies the truth of God's messages - behold, God is swift in reckoning! Thus, [O Prophet,] if they argue with thee, say, "I have surrendered my whole being unto God, and [so have] all who follow me!" - and ask those who have been vouchsafed revelation aforetime, as well as all unlettered people, "Have you [too] surrendered yourselves unto Him?" And if they surrender themselves unto Him, they are on the right path; but if they turn away - behold, thy duty is no more than to deliver the message: for God sees all that is in [the hearts of] His creatures. Verily, as for those who deny the truth of God's messages, and slay the prophets against all right, and slay people who enjoin equity - announce unto them a grievous chastisement. It is they whose works shall come to nought both in this world and in the life to come; and they shall have none to succour them. (19-22 / Translated by Muhammad Asad)..  God said : Say, “We believe in Allah, and in what was revealed to us, and in what was revealed to Abraham, and Ishmael, and Isaac, and Jacob, and the Patriarchs, and in what was given to Moses and Jesus, and in what was given to the prophets from their Lord. We do not differentiate between any of them. And to Him, we surrender.” (2:136 / Translated by Community)  Salam (Peace)
Funny from all these problems and potential death stemmed from a church
Lol the badass looking Gothic church turned into a shitter looking cyber truck
I interviewed Lee DeCarolis for my Useless Information podcast back in 2014. He is believed to be the architectural student who made that phone call to Bill LeMessurier, as discussed in this video. If you would like to hear Lee's version of the story, just do a search here on YouTube or on Google for "UI #75 - The Citicorp Tower Revisited."
It took me a whole hour in that wind load part just to understand the physics behind it
Ppl say Polish version sucks
What a shame the old church wasn't repaired. Its replacement is uninspiring.
Its ugly to
A few minutes in and this reminds me of when the architect of the original World Trade Center towers said he designed the building in such a way that the buildings could be hit by a plane without the building collapsing---but the fatal flaw they didn't consider is the heat from the jet fuel. Maybe if architects are going to try a new structural design, they should do it on a much smaller building, not huge skyscrapers!
This is multi-billion-dollar Jenga
Literally worked across the street from there for a decade. Still alive!
"It's like a ghost on stilts!"    -Richard watterson
The should have restored the old,   gothic church.    The "new,  modern"  church is an atrocity.    Citicorp should have built elsewhere.   Disgusting.
His name isn't "Le Meshur".  It's "Le Mezz-ur-ee-yay".  Research 10/10.  Pronunciation 0/10.
You can't be a yes man and an engineer. The chevrons don't matter. The overall mass balance is prone to moving the center of gravity beyond the supports. This is a true case of missing the forest for the trees.That's why the stress on the bottom was so high.
Trump would've left it.
Compare this story to the Oceangate Titan tragedy, or the Tacoma Narrows Bridge collapse, and you appreciate the importance of a student asking a question even more.
He didnt find the mistake is was a university student. When they asked about it he agreed with students findings and fixed it.
I believe China needs more people like that guy
It doesn't has to be hurricane it cold be a nasty serve thunder ⚡ with strong gustty winds could cause this building to come down
Yeah, that church is heartbreaking. From beauty to boring... Manhattan needs to stop and preserve history....
Old crumbling Gothic church?! Bruhhhhhh jeez. It was probably built by immigrants with a true love for art NOT modernistic crap. So called modern art is nothing but mockery of art
There was wind when they built the Empire State building almost 100 years ago.  None of this "pendulum" nonsense.  Man gets in trouble when he tries to get clever.
Bolt move bolt strip bolt loosen metal weld no move
His name translated from French is “The Gentleman”. I just thought the non-French speakers of the world should know. I love it!
taking out a gothic curch to instal a cube of concrete, criminal
So, because of my inherent flexibility, rather than pay me, the CIA and its attending agencies are using generative AI to send me not so subtle messages about the complexity of the situation; however, my demand to be paid appropriately is, appropriately, a demand. I could give two shits about the complexity. I deman to be paid appropriately by whatever three letter agency is willing the CIA wants to pass the responsibility to.
If silverstein properties buys it, move out. 😜
Or pay your carrier an extra $29 and get international then cancel
The craziest thing about this story is a ceo of a large company doing the right thing
LeMesurrier: Ask calmly  Ask What?...
damn they destroyed that church
It really collapsed in The Flash movie 2023
One thing I will never understand was the decision to place the supports in the center of every side. If CitiCorp Center had been designed as a wedge instead, then the supports could have been placed on five corners, making it far more stable against any wind loads.
What a guy he was to take action
Great video. This was like a hollywood thriller lol
How was this allowed? New York's Corrupt Democrat Politicians.
1:36 « to replace this old crumbling gothic church with a brand new one », then proceeds to show a building which looks absolutely like crap. 😮 The other option was to renovate the gothic church,don’t you think ? ☺️
So they managed to weld all of this at night and moved the furniture back without nobody noticing?  So the argument on 9/11 that it would be impossible to plant bombs in the towers without anyone noticing doesn't hold :/
It's nice, for once, to hear about engineers doing the right thing even at risk to themselves, rather than doing the greedy thing.
"Gravity load". These people will say anything to make it appear like gravity is real. It's called "weight load" people. lol.
Howls Moving Real Estate Firm ass building
What is this Kelvin metres per hour unit you use at 19:03 & 19:20? 😊  Sorry but you triggered one of my pet hates, and in a story featuring engineering communication no less!  Of course it's a minor blemish on an otherwise great job, as always.
I think. There is a building in Japan have big ball in the middle of the  building for use the same thing for reduce earth quick effect and winds
DUDE, get rid of Henry Van Dyke. Talk about cringe and a face / persona that triggers any sane non-incel person... He makes me NOT want to watch another video of yours. Good thing he was barely in this video.
I'm not going in there 💯💯💯💯💯💯
It is absolutely heartbreaking that they replaced that beautiful gothic church with that ugly brutalist eye swore.
Kinda wild how an ingenious design can be undermined so heavily by cutting corners
The old church was way better
That monstrous replacement for the "old crumbling Gothic church" smacks of HOME from Soylent Green. 1:33
They replaced that ancient priceless church castle with a barn sized metal block of ugly
The student caller might be from the future. He called the Engineer to warn him that the building will fail.
Chilling that they were aware that the building could fall, but allowed workers to continue working in and around it. Because they didn't want to cause a "panic".
J
I'm not even a religious man, but it saddens me that the beautiful gothic church got replaced by a soulless 3rd grade geometry project devoid of any humanity. Maybe it's a good analog for the church tho.
Still standing? Or already fallen apart? The structures that WILL fail never tell when they fail. Here in the Netherlands several parking garages have spontaneously collapsed and balconies are falling of apartments by the month. Happy hours.
Great man
The old church looked so much better. Why would you not restore it? No wonder why everything is so goddamn ugly today.
A 5 year old couldn't come up with a design this stupid.
Im Not trying to be rude .. but normal human being would not trade such a beautifull gothic Cathedral for something some cold and ugly.. just my POV ( and sorry for my bad english)
No other religion has done this to their respective worship place, they only make it bigger not like this making it a plug socket
Fun Fact: It became the 10th tallest building after Jan 2012 ✈
that church is ugly
So how many buildings are currently standing whose designer DIDN’T own up to the mistakes?
The replacement church looks like crap
capitalism lol srsly that old church is a billion times better than its replacement. wth
So take out the corner solid foundation of the church? Don’t you need that according to Bible????
Raised in NYC my entire life. I never knew that's how the bottom of the Citicorp building looked.
Wow !!!  What a fascinating story !!!  It’d be hard to keep that all a secret today…. Thank you
It wasn’t up to the pastor is my guess… it’s a Catholic Church and there’s a big organization and real estate group in the organization….  They probably got paid handsomely for the air rights…..  it’s a famous local church that people really like and there’s lots of good stuff for the local community that happens there too….
Absolutely unbelievable story….To the extent that the head engineer did not have the final say on “four bolts over a weld”….How could anything like that happen..????
Why do we do dumb things like this? Religion
Thank you
He was a white old guy. Thank God this was in a different time. In today's climate, he would have been crucified as a symbol of corrupt white male patriarchy. The female student is still being popularized as the one who made the call. She's even said to have convinced him he was wrong. All because it suits the pseudo society we live in
Nearly every comment is about the church and the death of great architecture, but why did they switgch from welds to bolts at all?  That was stupid., it was done for speed and convenience, they were cheap. That's all.
Wasn’t it an engineering student studying the building who discovered the problem? I can’t recall her name, but then the engineer in charge basically blew her off and was like “pfft, what do you know, I’ve been doing this for years, I know what I’m doing.”
i'm gonna be so honest. buildings that are "unique and special" and require this much precision and panic and can so easily cause disasters should not be in the middle of cities.
He didn’t discover it.  And while he might have been the only *man* in the world that knew about the flaw… he only came to know about it because a woman discovered the problem.
Aweee they aint got the balls to send u to nyc unsub
"How did this happen?!?" Because the wealthy can do most whatever they want after you. You account for all exploits, loopholes, and practical realities, and they ultimately cannot be overseen. We live in what's called a dictatorship of capital, and you have to rip out the underlying system to fix these problems.
This is an Engineering marvel not in Architecture please! this is not the job of the Architect instead, its the structural Engineers who do the job. One's said, Every Architects dream design is the  Structural Engineer's nightmare!
Gravity load 😂
Thing is that people and organizations back then were far more ethical and honest.
WOOO Tufts!!
The fact that he wanted to use triangular trusses to solve his problem is insane 😭😭😭😭. The lateral force transfer is not that effective to rely on it transferring most of the weight to the centre
JUST  A  STUPID  DESIGN  FROM  THE  START  !  IT   NEVER  SHOULD  HAVE  BEEN  ALLOWED  !
ASK ME THE BUILDING IS UGLY
thats why we learn math in scool
5:44 what have i gotten myself into 😭
the greatest phone call students in 19 century 🌏
They decided not to tell thousands of people that they could die horrific deaths which could be avoided just by not going to work or living somewhere else.  They completely took away the autonomy of thousands of people, knew they could die, and said nothing.  Wtf?  Also, this is why I don't like tall buildings.
Building was rated for 110 KMH.  We use MPH. So this doesn't matter. NEXT.  /sarcasm
17:30 that's when you just jump out a window
Thank you very much for such an interesting story. I watched an interview with engineer William LeMessurie based on your recommendations. I highly recommend it to everyone, he was a very interesting and witty guy, rest in peace.
occult. It's sumple
Probably it is more vulnerable when Manhattan is shaken by an earthquake. But in case of a vulcanic outburst all the lava would flow smoothly around the supporting columns.
id be crying up blood if i were him, imagine solving all and all to be surprised "oh, you didnt know? we used welding in stead of bolts... and 4 bolts at that" that Diane Hartley was too humble too.
This dude probably felt like the captain of the titanic
You deserve 18mil followers. your better than channel documentaries/
Sounds like if they made the repairs during the day they could have finished before the hurricane and not relied on a hurricane miraculously veering off-course.
Everyone giving this guy credit for fixing, and while that is true, it was horribly irresponsible for him and his firm to not tell the public. They put lives in danger to protect their reputation and finances. They rolled the dice that a storm would not blow in and collapse the building while they were working on a fix. That building and surrounding buildings should have been emptied out while they fixed the problem. This pattern of financial gambling with lives vs financial risk is seen in all major industries, Boeing being the most current example.
Bribery and corruption what else. Mafia connection most likely. Mafia was huge back in those days and they control almost everything in New York City!
NY is so ugly. I have no idea why any sane person would want to live in that filthy, dark lego block city.
It’s so frustrating that they tore down the church for those ugly buildings. Destroying history, it’s what they are good at.
Overly ambitious architects and owners: "Design a structure that skirts the line of what's physically possible." Structural engineers: *sigh* "Here we go again."
This story should be taught in computer science courses. Software engineers write code that drives cars, airplanes, boats, and control pacemakers, release drugs, and run networks and operating systems people depend on. Look at how hospitals went down because of bad antivirus and Microsoft allowing arbitrary drivers to wreck a system through remote update. Most software people start out tinkering with fun projects and never get serious even once they are working on code that runs in cars or hospitals, or running IN HUMANS.
1:50 The fact they destroyed that beautiful gothic church for that ugly ass box is baffling
Im not an engineer but my stupid idea radar identified some boggies from the start
Murderers abode elite 1.
In Norfolk, I assume that building is based on pre-empting maximum outdoor security in the area. It feels icy calm there & I like its feeling is like a Buddhist Temple.
Most engineers know this story yet I still spent the half hour to watch this
Little brother what a pile of crap he didn't Discover it a student discovered it
That old church should have been protected by a historical society or something.  What they replaced it with is absolutely atrocious.  Shame on these "modern architects." Everything now looks dystopian and heinous.
architects should make beautiful buildings like that old church again instead of these ugly monstrosities.
I worked in this building in the late 90's, about half to 2/3's the way up and the windows would leak on windy rainy days.  You could not put papers on the window ledge
a PhD student doing her thesis discovered the issue, not him.
Value engineering - every consultant's nightmare
It was under graduate Diane Hartley who first discovered the faults. This lady most  probably saved 100s of lives due to her clear unbiased approach and diligence, girl deserves a  medal 🎖❤👍
Too many ads . It is hard to watch
The first minutes were weak but then got involved
Watching this was stressful
This was an awesome video
God was just trying to save his children, the rest He already gave the tools and power in that architect's heart to solve any issues that comes his way .
the gov't sys of giving the job to the lowest bidder gotta stop (make sense trying not to waste tax payer money).  the genuine and sincere like this architect will create and come up w/something to meet specs . those gluttonous type ( like the BRI project) will just cheat and cut corners everywhere they can .
I remember covering this in architecture classes
I came from Vsacue and oml I love this channel
I am so glad that I am a software engineer and not a structural engineer. This story puts my worries and fears into perspective.
I love this channel, always such interesting stuff. The "aha" moment at 13:10 is classic: you learn something yourself when you explain it to somebody else. Whoever has done teaching in his/her life knows this happens all the time, many ideas surface to your conscience as you are explaining something you thought you knew, but apparently there's something about that matter you never realized earlier! Kudos for your work, excellent channel!
8 years after I graduated from university, I never used my civil engineering degree thought it was all useless until I find this video and was surprised that I could COMPLETELY understand it LOL!
4:20 same concept in the great pyramid, right
With Humility, LeMessurier Stood Tall.
Here's the question no one is asking.  While it's great that quartering winds are now calculated on plans for new buildings, how about all the existing buildings?
They got rid of a beautiful old church and replaced it with this pair of eye sores. Shame.
Just so you know, it was actually an intern who discovered the issue not him
I really appreciate the level of detail.
A brilliant man with loads of integrity.
Umm....Japanese designets used this ages ago while building pagodas.
You mean it would have fell over not drop into it's own footprint like the WTC?
Why would saving lives risk destroying his career? THEY switched to bolts, THEY installed 60% less bolts than required because they didn't check. It is great if you can pin a problem on someone else. Even better when you can say "I wouldn't bring attention to it if it was my fault, now would I?"
Wtf is a TON speak in Newton please
rip to that beautiful gothic church :(
The engineer’s name is le - “measure” ??? lol amazing
Cause its swaggerlitious
Whoever replaced the old church with that modern monstrosity deserves jail
Could a skyscraper collapse and 90% of its occupants disappear? Their bodies never recovered?
Well done mate You saved the day  But is the building safe today ?
No thanks i will stay in my bungalow LOL
imagine if that student didnt start off the questioning! -- and then the guy finds they didn't wield but used bolts!
At least they did not airplane mode it, unlike others
Thats not dangerous at all
All interesting designs are proposed by engineers.  Architects wouldn't dare think of such things.
An engineer going back to the papers and going "oh man was  there something wrong" after an entire building has already been built is pretty interesting
1:37 the true tragedy here.
Let me get this straight... you are able to hide from the public that the building they are working in is not structurally sound enough to handle a big storm... even though one is coming... and then fix the issue purely due to lucky winds and timing... and then it only comes out through an article coming out decades later... and only THEN did building code change... and we're applauding this? 'Thank you' for not informing the public when their actual safety was at stake? I love when they make decisions for us.
In Europe they would've never gotten permission to bulldoze that church for this
Minecraft mob farms be like
Seems like they really set this up with 9/11 conspiracy plans
Fancy a game of Jenga?
-1 for using the wrong unit for "kilo", you used Kelvin instead. "110 Km/h" is a huge mistake.
The fact that they refuse to cooperate for transparency tells that something still ain't right. Probably some people or institute would lose credibility and good reputation, if all the details would get revealed.
Peach john
Karina in mlbw
I saw the same structure in Singapore
To me it's just crazy that back in the late 60s quartering winds weren't really as studied as how they should have been since the beginning of skyscrappers. From the rest I just think it's wonderful to witness come true the mathematical creations from structural engineers like this one.
Thats so awful to what happened to the church 😅😅😅 ... OMFG...
I love how Derek gives the last word to LeMesurier.
I'm not an engineer  but I have been in construction all my life and even I can tell you how unstable that building looks.
I worked in that building for 6 years on the 38th floor. My office had windows on two sides and massive diagonal braces that blocked the windows by 10 feet of the corner. Even in 2009 the building swayed like a sailboat in moderate winds. What they don’t talk about is two important factors: 1) The building is the tallest building on the east side with only the Bloomberg building on 59st as a comparably sized building meaning that there are no other buildings to act as windbreaks to break up the wind before it hits. 2) The building is on 53 and Lex 4 blocks from the East River. The wind from both the East and the River and The Hudson River, are known for their ferocity. The East River Eagle comes straight from Long Island Sound and the Atlantic Ocean and has miles of flat open land to pickup speed. Anything above the 20th floor gets hit by the nearly full brunt of the wind. I remember having huge items slam into my wind, full size umbrellas hitting the 37 floor. Not to mention the birds caught by the wind and slammed against the windows upside down with their wings tucked in. And people sensitive to the sway became nauseous on a regular basis. It’s a weird building all in all
The problem should’ve been solved better in the beginning during the church and citibank negotiations. The church under such a unique but under thought high rise. Also the high rise trying to architecturally and structurally be built around the church. Then adding more problematic demands like total separate structure and having its on identity. Talk about ego’s with no compromise. Rather let’s just put everyone in danger. Then hire architects and engineers who are gonna give their all to solve problems and defy current ingenuity and basically logic. Then compromise few key details for a cheaper budget finally to hire the cheapest bidder. When every participant of any scenario all get their way thinking and outwitted the next. Stuck on  getting their way pridefully all feeling like they all won and the other defeated. None even in the slightest looking or caring about anything beyond that. Talk about a obvious disaster while still on paper and it was still built. Only one person couldn’t sleep while everyone slept in peace with a smile. Luckily He followed His heart over taking melatonin gummy’s to force Him to bed. He’s the Hero that would’ve been the fall guy if He ignored His heart. So many involved in such an in Devore and only 1 had His heart in it🤯
Tomorrow is promised to no one, James 4:13-17. If you hear God's voice pls don't harden ur heart. Hebrews 3:7-19. Here's how to have endless tomorrows  God LOVED YOU so MUCH that He sent His only begotten son to die in YOUR PLACE so you won't have to die under Gods judgement but live forever IF you fully trust in Jesus, now that he's risen, repent   We all broke God's law, we sinned, but he didn't, Jesus paid our fine. Romans 3:23, Rev 21:8, Romans 6:23, Ephesians 2:8-10, Heb4:15 Romans 10:8-10. Trust in Jesus now, the only way to heaven    lot's of religions say Jesus is a way, a good teacher, Jesus said he's the only way John 14.6 none of us are good Mark 19:16-26, but when we put our faith in Christ   we pass from death to life  Jhn 5:24 Jhn 11:25-26. We're clothed in his righteousness Isaiah 61:10-11 2 Corinthians 5:4   it's good to trust in him and not how we perceive things. Proverbs3:5-10, 2 Corinthians 5:7 Mark 8:34-38. We must be born again to go to heaven  that happens upon belief, you'll be born of the Spirit into a new life as a child of God. Jhn 3:3-8 Jhn,1:12-13, Ephesians 1:13, 2 Corinthians 1:12
i think the fact that an engineer’s name is pronounced “La Measure” is a little on the nose
That new church is a crazy abomination.  Who settled for that?! And how much did they get paid?
That "old, crumbling" church was a neo-gothic church that was probably barely 100 years old when it was torn down for that ugly concrete box.
I don’t need a degree in architecture to take one look at the design and think it was stupid . And the fact they tore down historical church is tragedy .
Since the design was the result of the Church father's stubborn attitude, may be now they should ask the father to ask his god to protect the building from falling over the God's home 😂😂😂
I guess involving the Church's father in the engineering design and taking his advice was not the right engineering decision
I feel like hiding the findings from the office workers is a crime in and of itself. Selfish and sneaky bastard.
Hubris is a helluva drug.
I learned about this by watching Numb3rs more than a decade ago
May be He is testing building strength 😂
Was this building and the different wind directions the inspiration for an episode of Numb3rs?
He owned up to it and fixed the issue, but not before talking to his lawyers. I feel that.
Damn good video on engineering ethics!!
5:58  Why blue ones in the compression and the red ones in tension, is it not vice versa according where the arrow pointed?
wow, what a interesting history event.. I wonder how many similar ones happened but was never revealed to public
ridiculous concept for a very ugly building
Excellent work, thank you.
OMG - this redefines intelligence.
Seeing this makes me wonder if other buildings in NYC have mistakes like this, just no one looked at their process as close.
The builder did not discover it, the problem was discovered by a student who attempted to contact him multiple times before the message got through. Her name was Diane Hartly. She was an undergraduate architecture student at Princeton University writing her thesis on the building when she discovered the issue. We have LeMessurier taking credit for being the only one who knew in this video. Not good reporting here!
Actually, it was Diane Hartley who discovered the building was unstable. She was doing a project on wind strength, and chose the citicorp centre totally at random. When she realised that, according to her calculations, the building could collapse at any moment, she wrote a letter to William LeMessurier, raising concern. Noone should be surprised that someone like him would take credit for the discovery, but he technically wasn't lying when he said he was the only "man" who knew. In any case the world needs less men like him
Thanks for the great video, well done. Next do bridges- hehe
any blame for this issue would be for the person that changed welding for bolts
The church's board of directors approved the design unanimously.
I don't understand how you could even have the idea to destroy a gothic style church and replace it with this frankenstein's monster kind of church. It has zero asthetic flair.
24:20 What's the name of the caller!?
Another interesting architect that miscalculated was Chares of Lindos, he designed the Colossus or Rhodes (considered one of the 7 wonders of the world) in 280 B.C.  Eventually  it collapsed during an earthquake. Folklore has it that when Chares discovered his miscalculation he committed suicide. Moral of this story; It's much more productive to realize one's errors and find a viable solution.
This kind of stuff makes me believe that any kind of engineering is magic but mechanical and civil engineers specifically are just straight up black magic
I think it was actually a student who did the math and found the problem...then informed the  architects
...and all this waste of money to safe some church building?
I'm confused. LeMessurier was praised for for owning up to his mistake. It wasn't his mistake, it was the cheap, corner cutting contractor who decided to use bolts instead of welding
Crazy Hurricane on its way to New York that'll topple a building and kill thousands just mysteriously stalls and changes direction. Yea OK, government changed that thing. Before you laugh look up Project Cirrus that took place 30 years prior.
So let me get this straight... Тhese people were old, experienced engineers and never thought about diagonal winds??? And here I am just a 28 year old mechanical engineer who has fear while working on pneumatic machines at 5 bar. Brah.... I need to relax i guess.
Another problem at ground level. There was a gorgeous water feature, but it leaked. Turned off.
le measure couldn’t measure it
Glad the student was finally mentioned. I was pretty pissed Diane Hartley was not mentioned so I'm glad it got a proper coverage.
Great job, he fixed this mistake and saved millions.
‘With great knowledge comes great responsibility.’ —This dude probably.
4th most dangerous building in manhattan. Top 3 are retired though
Yeah they shouldn’t have saved a quick buck and instead they should have welded
They should have saved all that trouble and just made a cute lil park instead.
I love this doumentary! Thanks Team!
Just ridiculous they didn't work around the clock...
why didnt they shut the building down and repair it more quickly?
This video made my day when i saw it, I wrote a research paper on this years ago and wish I had this video for a reference! Well done 🎉
Wasn’t suits filmed here ?
Who paid for all the repairs, evacuation planning, etc?
"The measure of a man is what he does with power." — Plato. In some way I think this applies here. LeMessurier did the good thing.
Kilometers????? Wtf is a kilometer!!??? You’re talking about an American building in an American city…. Speak English goddamnit!!!! Stop sprinkling in your commie innuendo…….😠🤑
Just hook up some super industrial strength guy wires lol….
it's always the religious bs, makes it spicier lmao
6:49 massive?
This is why i hate capitalism
a college student found the mistake
Fascinating. Yet for years I have been analyzing the social responsibility of professionals, government and industry and do not come up with favorable statistics. Profesional ethics and social responsibility usually give way to power, advancement and profit.
"old crumbling gothic church" with a literal modernist hellhole.
How is this taught as ethical behaviour?
😅
my mom took us there when it opened. it was well ahead of its time inside too. they had opened the lobby to the public and filled it with trees and plants.  it was awesome for a ten year old kid. and there were cafes. i ate my first blondie.
What a good man. He faced ruin and lawsuits and hatred to do what was right. I also understand he didn’t want to have a mass panic.
They wont stop talking about loads, it's a lot for a gorl to handle
Ive been watching your videos since my physics teacher in 11th grade shown me the one on radiation i wanna thank you for all your hard work and sharing all this with us
This is an example of never going to your boss/client with a problem unless you have a solution.  Had they gone to the Chairman of Citicorp with, "Your building might fall down. Sorry", Wriston would have had their scalp. Instead, he was cool calm and collected, ordered the repairs to be made, talked to city government, got his counterpart at AT&T to do things quickly and got lucky with the weather.
This angers me. I want my tribal tattoos now
I would still reinforce those corners with collars to mitigate the risk. The stress may build up to the point where the basis for the old calculation is no longer valid.
I am annoyed with this glorification of LeMessurier, there’s not a ton of information about coordination with the government and still exists not being talked about to this day.  Meaning that it’s just more shady business activity trying to be swept under the rug.   And people wonder why no one trusts authority figures.  I mean I’m not upset that someone found a problem and people worked to fix it, it’s just averting disaster by luck is not admirable…..
666
That real thin building on the corner of Park avenue and 57th has an open floor dedicated to windfall every 30 stories or so.. I personally don't like this building because it ruins the natural flow of the skyline
the Japanese had been using Pendulum type Harmonic Dampeners for eons
So instead of fixing that gorgeous church, they made this ugly blob? Wtf
Awesome video as usual! What jacket is henry wearing though?
what a dumb design...
Too many commercials !!
Wow
21:55 those welders where the avengers basically 😂
even if it's 10.5 you can't use 10, nor can you use 4 for 4.07. That's like asking for a catastrophe to happen.
Yeah and also because of our extremely competent world leadership we can all get atomized at any moment. This is peanuts. At least the engineers tried to do well.
It’s kinda cool that the press praised him for owning up to his mistake and immediately telling officials even though he thought he would be doomed by the mistake
More Henry...
I am not even interested in engineering and i barely understand everything in this video but I cannot stop watching it. The way video is made is so good with all the animations and stuff.
Lets have a guess: money blue but ct imo
imagine not wanting to be associated with "doing the right thing." corporations are wild.
11:43 LeMessurier : "hey how the weld doing ?" the guys in new york : "we definitely welded the beams and didn't make any changes outside of the original plan to save money" everybody : happily walk into the sunset
I dont think it was right for them to hide the corrections.  Its not OK to hide the risk from the people in that area.  If that hurricane hit it would have been a catastrophic.  They should have had a chance to evacuate.
And in the next big storm of the century this building and many other's are going to collapse. Mother nature will always be unpredictable and there's nothing we can do to prepare for the inevitably.
Bill gates should watch the end of this video, he has  no integrity at all.
This structure looks similar to 150 N Riverside in Chicago, IL
1 Phone Call away from being a Plainly Difficult video
It's literally the Megabuildings from Cyberpunk 2077, they look just like this.
And to imagine the wtc tower just one of the Towers, could withstand a Windload of 13.000 tons
US still using letters mailman do you know what country that don’t even have a mailman anymore
I worked there in the 80s .. the building is fine
God that new church looks like hot dumpster fire
The fact that you give little mention of Diane Hartley, the student who brought this problem in 1978 to light is wrong
Why is there not a biographical historical drama thriller made from this!?
Professional ethics like this in the US is nearly non-existent today. I have seen engineering sign-off on the most horribly wrong and dangerous work all for a fee.
I have no idea why YouTube pushed this content to my feed but that was hell of a fascinating story!
Engineers: solving problems you don’t know you have, or rather solving problems you never had in the first place.
He measured it all wrong. Zing.
The church looks awful.
Passing away before confirming the students name🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
27:41 Except when owning up to your mistake be after you fix the problem.Let the public know or be willing to let the public know that their lives were in danger living around the building. To me he didn't really own up to his mistake.He fixed it before he could be charged with negligence.And the death of thousand
I like to think that I would have immediately asked 3 other engineering firms for immediate help to try to fix the problem. But that's just me. I know that no corporation would actually do that
Be very careful with buying an esim when traveling to other countries. Cell phone frequencies differ regionally. Your sim might work and be valid, but your phone might not because it operates on a different frequency.  Hard and very expensive lesson learned by me.
damn almost domino'd manhattan
110 km/hr can i get that in a real language. 110,000 meters per hour is ridiculous. Metric is terrible and has no relation to daily life. Tallest man ever -> 10 foot or 3 meters? Avg male weight: 200 lb or 90,000 grams? Don’t give me the well can just divide by 1000 and do killi deci… blah blah . Basic units should be tangible to daily life. And beside, you can do the same with imperial. A ‘mil’ is 1000th of an inch. Or a ‘kip’ is 1000 pounds. . Rant over.
Cult of the black cube.
My jaw dropped when I saw the beautiful old church and the ....thing they replaced it with. Absolutely tragic already, and I'm not even two minutes in.
Imagine tearing down a gothic church to replace it with a brutalist piece of garbage.
make a video the most dangerous buildingin manhattan : 33 thomas street (titanpointe ) for the NSA
We’re in the United States of America.  I hate it when people use the metric system.  How many miles per hour was the wind jerk off?
This is where the suits series shot right?
I have been building high-rises for 25 years in Florida you would be surprised on what is missed by engineers and usually found By an iron worker by a Mason or a concrete guy somebody finds the mistake most of the time and then when we find the mistake most of the time unless it makes it easier for us we don't say a d*** thing because they always call us stupid or we didn't go to college so we don't know guess what we know more than you think Because we've been doing this for years decades
I cook food for a living, and I could have told them, because Im not a sell out.
Thats not what a church or a pastor is. Sell outs.
Wait hang on, so, the only conceivable reason he didn’t own up to everything and reveal the real risk and evacuate people straight away was to save his own skin. He (and Citicorp) took a risk not with their own life but that of other people and somehow the guy comes out looking like a hero for fixing this ? Am I crazy or is that just sheer selfishness and corporate greed at its best, somehow still glorified into messiahs
The new design of the church should be considered a crime against humanity!
7:50 This is Control Engineering ;)
Just the simple removal of the old church to build a box replacement is criminal by itself.. shameful!
Humans make mistakes, I'd rsther they own up, & help fix it, than to stsy silent. Especially shen it could harm thousands!
Waaaait!. They replaced that magnificent historical church with that thing that looks like a Darth Vader's helmet?😮  Brutally awful
1 in 1000 year storm. So every few years with climate change
I’ve seen the iron ball pendulum at the top of the Taipei 101 Building. Has proved useful
imma verify that saliy actually works very well. I used it recently for a trip to japan and i was set within less than 10 mins . Thanks guys
5 million dollar repair cost? cheap as chips for a building like that. no wonder they were happy to spend even more
Thank you for reminding me why I do not enter tall buildings")
BLAME THE CONTRACTOR FOR SUBSTITUTING THE WELDS FOR BOLTS CONNECTIONS INORDER TO SAVE MONEY.  ARCHITECT AND ENGINEER SHOULD NOT HAVE APPROVED THE SUBSTITUTE.  SHOULD HAVE CONSTRUCTED IT ACCORDING TO THE ORIGINAL WELD DESIGN
This is the definition of a made-up problem. When I say made-up I don't mean the problem is fake, I mean it's a problem that didn't need to exist in the first place until people invented it
NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! THE CHURCH IS PURE DISRESPECT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
My intellectual self would've just rotated the building instead of making something radical
I hate that modern church, it looks so sad and bland, and all that effort just to make something unstable
So the team designed a new kind of skyscraper for New York but didn't do wind tunnel tests until after it was built?  Am I understanding that correctly?  Or was the video somehow misleading about whether those tests had been done before beginning construction?
Wow. What an incredible story.
He’s the “only one who knew this”, when in reality he wasn’t even the first one, and it was actually an undergrad student who figured this out? Why is this being reported as the engineer figuring this out at the beginning?
Amazing story.
Church. The OG cult
imagine replacing a gothic church with a square...i'll never understand
American democracy needs welding too. The fake news are  quartering winds in this structure.
Jesus died on the cross in your place. All have sinned and rebelled against God (Romans 3:23-24) (not including Jesus since He is God). The wages of our sin is death (Romans 6:23). But “God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, so that whoever believes in Him s                                 hould not perish (not go to hell) but have eternal life (John 3:16). God loves you and wants a relationship with you and all you have to do is believe in Him and love Him and repent (turn away from sin) and you will be saved. “that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved“ - Romans 10:9. Believe today and be reconciled with your loving Creator and know the God who made everything and everyone who doesn’t delight in the death of the wicked: “ Have I any pleasure in the death of the wicked, declares the Lord GOD, and not rather that he should turn from his way and live?” - Ezekiel 18:23. God loves us so much that He wants all to come to repentance and is patient with us and doesn’t punish us but He will punish those who continually reject Him. Please, the time is soon, Jesus is coming back, and many aren’t saved. Don’t wait! Accept the free gift of salvation which God gifts us and believe in Jesus because God has promised that if we believe in Jesus (Who is God), we will receive eternal salvation. “ For it is by grace you have been saved, through faith—and this is not from yourselves, it is the gift of God—” - Ephesians 2:8. Please repent (turn away from sin and resist temptation to sin) and come to Christ who will take your sin away, give you a new heart to love God and love other, and He will save you from judgement on judgement day. What an offer! “ For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.” - Romans 6:23. Praise God!  Accepting Jesus JESUS loves you. Repent and put your faith and trust in Him and He will accept you joyfully and GOD (FATHER GOD, JESUS THE SON, THE HOLY SPIRIT) will come and live you you and change your heart to love good and hate evil so trust in Him because Jesus is the only way to eternal life. Those who believe in Jesus, the Son of God, the God, the One Who created the universe will be saved from hell and inherit eternal life as a free gift from Jesus when He took your sin on the cross and nailed it to the cross, freeing you from death and sin and allowing you to know the Truth, if you would believe in Him. “Jesus *said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father but through Me.” ‭‭John‬ ‭14‬:‭6‬ ‭ “So Jesus was saying to those Jews who had believed Him, “If you continue in My word, then you are truly disciples of Mine; and you will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.”” ‭‭John‬ ‭8‬:‭31‬-‭32‬ ‭
I have read a couple comments on here regarding who to blame for this incident, we all know its mainly the architect but there are many issues here regarding the whole process of this building construction.   The Architect's firm: I understand firms typically employ multiple architects for various projects. However, not communicating with the architect regarding this huge structural design change, and approving it on his behalf is absurd.   He would have done new calculations and maybe requested more bolts in the moment. He's an active thinker; came up with a revolutionary engineering method (Tuned Mass Damper) while designing that building, why wouldn't you contact him?   I'm sure this wouldn't have changed the discoveries later on, like the quarterly wind discovery a few months after construction, but I am certain he would have thought of either a different cost-saving method, denied the switch, or requested more bolts on that building.  The firm should have at least asked for his opinion before approval, his view of the building is unique, it's his design after all.
“It would be a miracle if they ever thought that through” out of context is the most dapper way to call someone stupid 🤣
If only they had built it the proper way from the beginning, instead of going the cheaper route.
I think the true miracle of the story is somebody actually admitting their mistake.
I'm not a christian but replacing old gothic church with some ugly chunk of concrete block is just sad.
Stupid. What happens when the land erodes, no stability. Subsidence 😅
LeMessurier Decarolis 😂
This was a really cool thing to learn about today. Thanks Veritasium
I can't get over the fact that a guy who's name literally contained the word "measure" forgot to measure something so important lol. At least it was taken care of and we're safe.
180,000+ premature deaths/year from burning of Fossil Fuels in USA - “if you see something, you must say something” unless you’re the Fossil Fuel Industry where that number of deaths is just the start.  Try 8.5M/year globally, starting wars and lying about it.  In 1978 Exxon Mobil accurately predicted the impact of Climate Change but chose to lie about it ever since. Too bad they don’t have that sort of ethic.
...1:40 "Old crumbling gothic Church" got replaced by this ugly S#...In Europe we call that Cultural Crime, you call it improvement. WOW speechless.
Wait a minute. Buildings topple like dominos? Who knew? *edited for spelling
Sounds like a Final Destination plot, realistically speaking.
The best moments of all the Veritasium video is when this Veritasium music kicks in @32:59
That new church design looks terrible compared to the old one. No wonder everyone in New York is constantly angry, they live in a city that had all its beauty stripped away and replaced with hideous concrete geometry
Here's my analogy:  A snake has a backwards facing skeleton. Its bones have arthritis. It is swallowing a sword balanced by a jewel. It is balancing on weirdly positioned stilts.  My question:  Everybody in the circus assumes wind from a weird angle could blow the snake over. But the show has been going on for so long, the land under the big tent has changed. In fact, the entire town is sinking, and likely not evenly.  If there is to be a lynchpin to this stunt, it is the jewel that swings the sword against where the feet of the stilts wants to be, rather than how arthritic bones wishes not to sway? In this, I think a long-duration earthquake, not necessarily of any magnitude, will comedically trip the snake, as though it had slipped on ice? A clean fall, to say the least.
Zcking Pay CASH Buy hoodies online with the wording Please Pay By CASH  Only Put bumper stickers on the cars - Please Pay By CASH Only "Smart"   =  Sell Monitoring Analysis Reporting Technology Cover the cameras on your gadgets (phone, TV, laptop, etc,, etc). Turn off wifi, data, phone and wrap it up in aluminium foil when you don't use it Ask yourself WHY NO  phone or card payments Boycot so called supermarkets Do your shoppings from small shop, farms Don't use eye scan in airports or anywhere else Don't watch news, No newspapers, No radio Remember,  the " grubbment"  WAS,  IS and will ALWAYS be AGAINST you Don't buy online Don't use loyalty cards in the shops Avoid toothpaste with fluorid Avoid all processed foods or minced meat, burgers, sausages, etc Meat, Fish in supermarkets are fake Eggs are made by hand in kina  Cover your face when entering a shop and while shopping  At  ATM  don't let them see your face, use knuckles to enter pin numbers (they keep your fingerprint  Get off fakebook and all other apps  Avoid your phone as much as possible  Don't buy anything "smart"  Get rid of the microwave, it's poisonous  DO your own research  Question  EVERYTHING  Use common sense (if you have it)  Triple  A   -  Awake, Aware , Alert  Stop being silent (you are part of the problem)  NEVER  use self scan,  GO to CASHIER  Don't use scan as you shop in the store  Don't be a sheep, Don't be lazy  Use private mechanics instead garages  Don't keep your photos, videos on your phone  Stand your ground  Cancel tv license  Avoid big petrol stations  Cameras are NOT for  "your safety"  , just the opposite  Avoid Amazon and all other  Tell your "Dr  mengele"  to go f@ck himself if he mentions the "poke "  (jibby jabby)  No McDonald's or other companies like that  Don't keep your money in the bank  There are plenty other things you can do if you want
31:32 did bro just have a seizure 😂
Say NO to surveillance Say NO to TOTAL CONTROL OF HUMANITY Say NO to bio Me trick
22:14 im not a structural engineer but i could have told you that 😂😂
Why does this guy from Veritasium look so similar to Rowan Bettjeman??? Are they related?
LeMessurier? with two S's? this guy cant even spell his own  name ;)
The contractor makes a change to save money, aka the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse in Kansas 😮
The church was included in the modern buildings to avoid taxes, since the land belong to the Church is excepted from paying property taxes, I've seen the same in Europe, in same cases they reach to an agreement where the Church lends the land for 100 years or something like that. The rules vary depending on the state, in California for example something like this doesn't work, only the part of the land dedicated to worship, educational activities or related charitable purposes are excepted.
Why can’t they make movies about stuff like this? Why is reality so much more interesting than fiction
Its not just the building thats dangerous but the whole city and country is the regime there is based on violence and war
Love how they enlisted the Red Cross/church groups to do fake surveys of residents by going door to door telling them some bullchit story and hiding the REAL reason for the questions! This is why you don't answer uestions by strangers no matter what they claim they are for.
When discussing telephone line additions, the image used is of work men working on power (electric) conductors. Silly.
This church is awful
I don’t think that building would pass the safety inspection.
Sure they fixed one building, but then they stayed schtum and it was up to the New Yorker to let people know so that the building code was changed.
Seems like a guy that was born to build with a  name that sounds like le measure,
Literally none of this makes any sense to me whatsoever because I'm dumb, but i like stories of especially epic human stupidity. And this is definitely that.
All this because a church was calling the shots. NY Dumb af🤦🏾‍♂️😂😂😂
17:11 why would you round down the required amount of bolts? that doesnt make a whole lot of sense even if you calculate with safety.
Strange-looking church. They should've left it the way it was.
0:15 winds of "just" 110kmh? What you mean just
So the lead architect never inspected the work… That was the fatal flaw.  Even the emperor oversaw the construction of the Death Star.
LeMessurier is being celebrated for "owning up for his mistakes", but he actually didn't and that's what's so wrong about the depiction in this video. They didn't evacuate the building as necessary. They covered it up and did the necessary repairs not immediately, but during the nights over a longer period of time, increasing the risk of thousands of people dying. A storm almost caused a disaster in 1978 and it was only by random luck that this didn't happen. LeMessurier didn't report the problem to authorities the second he became aware. He flew to Canada first, did wind tunnel tests and then asked his lawyers first. So what the hell, Veritasium? Why glorify corporate/greedy negligence as bravery?
The translation from Le Messurier is "the messenger" Interesting right?
Very interesting and worthy of study, but there must be a whole area to explore in buildings that had to be reinforced after construction. The country town where I grew up had a lot of brick Victorian-era buildings, some two or more storey. Nearly all were retrofitted with steel "S" brackets on the outside, to stop the brick walls collapsing outwards I presume. That building collapse in Florida a few years ago must have been a wake-up call to structural engineers everywhere. Yes, buildings can and do fall down due to engineering mistakes.
I wont live there even for 800$ per month
Wasn’t it a student doing her thesis who discovered it?
I remember reading about this years ago. I thought the TMD was the resolution.  Guess not.    BTW, that oval brown building in the background is 885 Third Ave.  It was designed after a Christian Dior lipstick and was called The Lipstick Building.  I worked on the 13-15th floors from 1992 to 1998.  Bernie Madoff was on the 16th (?) floor from '86 to '08. No idea who he was at the time.  The company I worked for was taken out by the Asian Contagion of the 90s and guaranteed the ABS and MBS that contributed to the '08 mortgage crash.  I also delivered for Airborne Express in 90 and 91 and Citicorp Center was one of the buildings on my pickup route.  To round things out, I worked for Citi on 3 different occasions in my career.
Seeing this video, I am now curious if anybody has ever made an animation of what the toppling of that building would have looked like and what other buildings it would have caused to topple over. In my opinion that should be done to visualize this whole nigh-disaster even more.   Very well made video you did there, Veritasium-team. Keep up your great work!
Gosh that gothic church was so pretty.
Interesting, how mani similar hidden disaster stories happened & happening right now
With enough money anything can be built if the system is corrupt enough.
As someone who graduated and majored in structural engineering in 2012, I wished I have learned/ was taught of the history and construction of Citicorp or any other similar marvel. I have never found the will nor inspiration to practice the profession and ended up anything but being a structural engineer by my own volition. I'm still living off related to construction/ architecture, though. I loved how this episode and LeMessurier's words rekindled something within me that I once had when I was still an aspiring engineering student. I guess it's already too late for me to go back but for anyone who aspires and currently practices the same profession, may you continue to do so not just by constantly innovating but also with the social responsibility it entails.
Wow, the Columbia Space Initiative have discovered “things that wobble” Mind blowing
Bill LeMessurier… more like Bill Didn’tBothertoMessurier
And NO ONE steps on a church in my town!
I could’ve told you it was subject to collapse, just from one look. I’m not an engineer.
Why would you pull down a lovely old church down, by British standards we do the utmost to preserve these buildings generally speaking. How old was the church?
I think, that storm didn't veer off by chance. There was a tower in alaska built by then. 9 million for the tower that study's radio waves by blasting the ioninoshepes.
Its build for the future. In case global warming raise ocean levels XD
Engineers here in Ohio would just blame it on us block layers
The lawyers they used to convince citicorp ceo were Daniel Hardman and Jessica Pearson that's Citicorp ceo hired them his building for filming suits
20:16 I KNEW IT!! I knew some part of this story would sound like the plot of "Patlabor: The Movie". Mega eerie.
Maybe our own government will control demolitiin it with all the people inside and Nasa blue beam holographic all the images as to what you think you see. Better be Godzilla or Kong next time. Planes are boring.
God, that new church looked like absolute ass
It’s crazy watching this after the PFAS video. A publicly traded company wouldn’t even consider fixing there mess until after the disaster happened
It's refreshing to hear that he WANTED to do the right thing and cared about saving lives.
110 km = 68.351 mi
why wasnt the CN tower listed as the tallest building? it was completed and opened in 1976
So it was the church's fault if this building crumbles.   They won't sell their useless bulding but allowed it to be remodeled. Screams money grab to me. Either way  why would they not sell it, no one is going to that church anyway
Man, going from 4 to 10 to 14 to even more must've scared him beyond comprehension. Now I see why so many engineers use safety factors. Us EEs (I'm a student) should take note. Because instead of safety factors, we assume that 95% of humans should survive (Low Voltage, conform Belgian laws and norms empowered by the King of Belgians). (So 5% possibly dies 💀 )
What a great documentary beautiful
The church was not crumbling, a blind person would see that. The question is not how the skyscraper was allowed, but how the "church" (alien spaceship) was allowed. It would have been better if you didn't even say it was a church, no one would know just looking at it. You could've just said that it was a reception office. This was right around a time of "great change" in the Catholic church, about the time of Vatican II. There were many wreckovations like this, where they would take a beautiful church like this and ruin it with modern, asymmetrical, and just downright ugly architecture. I don't deny that the original church had problems, every 100+ year old building does, but that can be fixed, and anyway it adds to the charm and beauty of the building.  What's done is done, it is just very sad that huge, beautiful Gothic churches were destroyed to be replaced with hideous abominations like this.
Now explain how the twin towers fell
It's sad that if they had just welded it, this would probably be all good. insane, how a choice like that for a specific structural integrity change was made without the architect or someone smarter than a construction worker confirming. This probably was a matter of laziness by someone on the job, so much money wasted, so many lives at risk. Wild.
So then it really wasn't his fault, he told them to weld the beams not put bolts on them. If they had welded them in the first place like he thought they were going to do, none of this would've happened. At least that's what I understood. But maybe it's sturdier now that it has bolts and it's welded together with the bandaids they added 😅. Very interesting video👍👍
They destroy buildings from Jesus 1000 years and replace them with stickframe carbage with foam on the outside to LOOK like the stone they just destroyed. We are in the devil's short season.
i love that Veritasium make the explanation as easy as possible, so not only smart people get to enjoy these tings🥴❤‍🔥
Who the f*ck allowed this!??? You wouldn't see me living within 7 blocks of this sh*t
No way, a bank literally asked a church if they could buy it out, bulldoze it and make more money stealing from millions of people
If no reinforcement had been added, when would the building, in retrospect, likely have collapsed?
THE CHURCH IS NEVER OPEN
@SlidesGPT, make a presentation from this video
replacing a gothic church with a soulless concrete cube 👏
just looking at this building makes me uncomfortable.
It sucks they destroyed that original church
In an alternate universe...
I remember them shutting everything down because ice sheets were coming off the angle roof..
It was so interesting to watch, as an architect I found amusing. Please, humbly requesting to do more and more videos related to architecture and engineering. Thank you.
The modern tendency to design huge structures to as low a cost as possible should be illegal.  It makes the objects disposable and this stuff should not be disposable.  Cities and buildings this big shouldn't exist in the first place.  Humans aren't made for it and living like this drives people crazy and even causes extreme things like hormone deficiencies which can even lead to birth defects.
Exceptional results (the new design) require exceptional evidence (peer review).  A innovation like this requires formal peer review - a Team B - to critically assess and question every decision. Money should not have been the only consideration.
As an engineer, the toughest part is the ethics. When you lay your head down at night, and you start running through your designs in your head, and you consider a detail you missed the first time. That stuff keeps you up at night.
Why would anybody sue him? It wasn't him who decided to use the wrong fasteners. If they were welded as he wanted there wouldn't have been an issue (they fixed the problem with welds).
Stark choice? “Stay silent and hope for the best”?
I would feel so scared being around that
Oh, you can always blame failure as an act of terror.
the attitude that people don't need to know is always questionable.
People ask "If there's a God, why does he allow disaster?"  Instead I ask, why can't more leaders be as ethical and moral as LeMessurier?   We humans have the will, the courage to erect the tallest towers outside of Babel, but  LeMessurier is hailed as extraordinary for taking responsibility for his own creation, what should be everyone's common ethic.  I refer to the commenter "@OkayAllDay" who points out: "mass disaster averted by: random student who discovered a flaw nobody found, an enginxeer who risked everything to own up to the mistake, a hurricane that, at LAST minute, veered off course to spare the building. The number of fortunate timing coincidences was astounding." Sounds to me like God wanted to help LeMessurier to correct the error, and let it stand as a testament to ethical and moral behaviour, an example to others.   I find it very ironic that this involved a church at the foundation.    God bless the LeMessurier family and firm.
If humans dissapeared today, all of our sky scrapers would be on the ground in 100 years.  Every single one of those buildings has an engineer on salary, who's solw job is to make sure the building gets any repairs or maintainance needed to keep it standing.  I was a High rise technician, Tower rigger, and certified rescue climber.  Anytime did a job on a building, I was talking to that building's engineer.  I dont care who owns it.  I dont care who manages it.  I dont want their opinions or guesses.  I only care who built it or maintains it, and i LOVE telling that to managers and owners.
That new church is hideous
Isn’t the Island part of Manhattan Long Island sinking because of the enormous and tremendous amount of weight from the buildings ?
22:03 “the buiding would have toppled” - so not collapse onto its own footprint and pulverise itself to dust then? Unusual in New York.
*11:46** Famous last words ... the contractor suggested saving $.  Architect - WTF?!*
They tore down a beautiful church and built a horrific church to honor their real god, money
Anyone wonder why the church had to stay in he exact same spot? Hmmm
That new church looks like some kind of apocalyptic prison. I would rather go into a church with evil looking gargoyles staring at me. There's just something awful about very plain, minimalist structures that creep me out.
This is randian philosophy coming to life. No oversight, deregulation, dangerous buildings, and corporations allowed to do whatever they want.
Egos was a major part of the problem.  If they had kept the columns to the corners, instead of the middle of the building, it might not have been so bad, and wouldn't have needed to have the load all taken by the central pillar. Again, great designs, that had not enough thought, and a bit too much ego, to make it flawed! Simple and basic, sometimes can be beautiful, and the outer walls could have been designed to be more pleasing to the eye, as well as  something new. But, at least ego and cost-cutting didn't get in the way of fixing, what shouldn't never been allowed to happen in the first place!
You don't need  to be an architect or a structural engineer to see how flawed the building design is.   The question is, How could these experts be so stupid?
great job Bill yo Trev wazz up Marthas Vineyard Diablos
10:13 is it edible?
Why would you replace a gothic church with a special corner piece lego block?
You need to tell ppl period idgaf about mass panic you tell them they’re in danger morons
“Old crumbling gothic church” … 😂 I love historical buildings it is sad that they have destroyed them all 🙃
Nakakabaliw kau
That new church looks so depressing compared to the beautiful gothic church
I’m so royally confused about who had the phone call about the wind with Bill LeMeasure? Was it Diane Harpy or was it Lee DeCarolis? The video was extremely confusing about this part at the end.
its me...... I am that student that called
Satanic 🔥
Architects love their awards,
LeMessurier is such a perfect name
Ultimately the real villain is the public, which wants fancy 'arty' buildings to look at.
Lemme get this straight.  You started with a crappy design where the foundation of the building are weird.  Then you find out there is a 100% chance this thing will collapse.  Good work guys, how much money does an architect make?
Meanwhile, pharmaceutical companies and Regulatory Agencies unequivocally knew that the covid vaccines were dangerous and still release them on billions of people, and still promote them! FACTS!
‬🇺🇦‬‬🎗‬🌹‬🇮🇱(🌎‬‬‬❤‍🩹‬)
The structural flaw was actually found by an engineering student btw
So they used bolts on the WTC?  OKOKOK I'm out 👀  👀
Meanwhile hundreds of thousands of buildings have been made not durable to earthquakes in Turkey. They know it's going to fall and kill people someday, but it would be too expensive to make it durable.
Literally looks like a 7 days to die structure
Fantastic video. I spent a lot of time in and around that building as a kid. It's so crazy to learn about this so many years later.
The biggest sin here was replacing that beautiful gothic church building with a boring, polygonal, uninspired eyesore.   It doesn't even look like a church anymore, I'd have no idea it was a place of worship from the outside.
The thing is I am neither an architect nor an engineer in the building industry and yet I can tell at first glance that this was a shitty idea...
Would you work in that building after the fix? 😅😅😅😅😅😅😅😅
I really appreciate the countdown for the ad so I know how much I need to skip.
So, what you're saying is that he didn't lemessurier it good enough?
Veritasium try not to b*tch about a non-existent problem. Challenge impossible.
I used to work at 601 Lexington. I have videos of the building swaying as items row back and forth on desk.  You also get a little “seasick“ when that happens.
At 4:30 ... nothing can be entirely unique.  It either IS or is NOT unique.    ILLITERACY.
I had a family friend who was on the welding team for that project. He said is wasn't as big of a secret as it was supposed to be. A lot of the workers there knew what was going on but probably not all the specifics as to why.
This makes me wonder how many other buildings are ticking time bombs where the fatal flaws just never got accidentally discovered.
Awesome channel.
that was damn interesting, (and a great follow up to the previous video) thank you
Teşekkürler.
What do you call a person  with the  lowest passing grade on the engineering exam?   Engineer
Also, this was the largest errors and omissions insurance claim in the history of human built environment!!
Don't forget about pencils skyscrapers too. I wanted to visit New York once in my life, now I'm not so sure anymore...
this has to be a joke of a church rebuilding, it looks like a place you worship satan because it is so ugly
Also...had he never played jenga?
Why did an engineer not notice the welds were missing?...did he never go to site?... that was his original mistake
I studied Architecture a few decades ago and something that always bugged me was that  you only need to get 50% of your assessments correct to pass a university subject.  So that means an engineering student only needs to get half of the calculations correct to receive the same qualification as another student that got 100%.
the old church was beautiful, i remember seeing it, the new church looks like an ass. it literally looks like them tunnel ventilation buildings u see around.
"old crumbling gothic church" = history, now gone
Wasn’t it some female doctoral student that brought it up to him?
You know, I wanna say that everyone says he owned up to his mistake, but he didn't. The original design was welding, and to fix the issue, they welded the beams that the FIRM decided to cut corners on without his consent.  So it was him fixing corporate's mistakes that he might've been blamed for.
Why does everyone say it's his mistake? His design said to weld it. Other people deviated from that. Sure there were some things he didn't consider, but he didn't need to for the original design.
Banks, Jews, AIPAC, New York City
So someone thought building a skyscraper, the type of building known for having issues with wind (i mean just LOOK at them), with LEGS would be fine?...yup that's normal...and what really gets me, is that it works!
The new church looks suspiciously designed to survive a building collapse
Thanks for the Documentary... Have learnt alot.❤
This is engineering we required, and what we got in India are bridges that falls next day of inauguration 😂😂😂
I wish more software engineers would watch this.
Dangerous AND ugly...
Ironic how LeMesurrier was a such bad measurer..
it’s so funny when geniuses don’t realize how dumb they are being. so smart they thought they forgot this was real life and not minecraft
That's why you don't build "progressive" modernist sh*tholes in the first place!
Wow i work right near this building and always thought it’s so hideous and boring !
Amazing story, thanks!
How is diagonal strength not the first thing you think of when you remove the corners...
Its my sixth time watching this video and each time, 1 question arise in my mind, that after the repair did the building ever got hit by any strom like ella or stronger?
They never stopped building the building!!
As a civil Engineer myself, this is one rule i've always moved by, "The real mistake isn’t the error itself, but the deliberate refusal to correct it." Many criticized Le'mesure but forget that even what he managed to design at least not everybody can design it. And for someone who doesn't even have any knowledge about structural engineering, it becomes even worse! No man is immune to mistakes. He still remains one of the notable Structural Engineers the world has ever had especially when he did not burry his error into the ground. Thanks for this video! I've always wanted someone to document it this awesome!
Did the contractor pay for the error/omissions?
The Church kept the building up haha
I don't know if magnitude 9 earthquake will hit that city.😂
"Winds of JUST 110km/h" lmao.
CityCorp.. ruining the world one building at a time😢
Old crumbling Gothic Church? That thing was so beautiful and would likely have lasted longer than this tower. 😢
Awesome a real OCP building but where is Robocop to stop the madness.
The church is doing what it has always doing, interfering in human affairs.
As we all know, wind can only come from four directions.
Church brings cult and this caters to the need of people and secures livelihood
Brilliant documentary. Better than almost anything I have seen made by normal media. well done.
JUST CHECK OUT HOW THEY MADE THE  EMPIRE STATE BUILDING,   NYC  NY STATE SLOWLY AND STILL WITHIN TOLERANCES SINCE IT OPENED..DUHHHH YAS DUDES BLEW IT BADLY
I saw this from the thumbnail and immediately thought it looked like a giant popsicle 😭  Doesn’t exactly scream “structurally sound.”
WOW... what an incredible story.    I respect honesty.   I hope that engineering and science would take responsibility for their mistakes like this.  It is the nature of the complexity of the real world and engineering in problem solving that things can be overlooked, not all scenarios taken into account, like quartering winds.  It is the ethical and moral thing to do, fix the building and save thousands of lives.   And it's not hard to Imagine that this happens in other fields, nobody is perfect and our knowledge isn't complete...   For example, I'm watching some videos on health an nutrition and they're showing in research studies conflicts of interest, and evidence (records and transactions) of "bribes", in the form of commissions and research grants, to write an opinion that is false.  Human error is one thing, but greed and corruption are also human tendencies when a lot of money is at stake.
Ok, so I got a serious question: Didn't the relevant authorities check the designs for any faults, before giving their approval? I mean, no one man should take such a big responsibility on his own... I am really curious about how the permitting process works (or used to work, back in the day) in the US...
what does he mean at 17:15?
An incredible story!
17:15 i smacked my forehead in frustration and let out a COME ON   I'm not even an engineer, just a regular person. jesus,, it's a miracle this building hadn't already collapsed by the time LeMessurier realized the flaw and discovered the shortcuts
i thought the damper system was done in Japan for like.... centuries already?
LeMessurier is goated for actually fixing it, he could have moved somewhere remote and never thought about it again
What a bunch of evil ass holes that would just let people die to save their careers
This story makes me wonder… how many silent fixes, last-minute saves, or swallowed truths are behind the world’s biggest structures? Feels like there’s a hidden history beneath every skyline.
Bro city Corp sounds super evil
I'd love to see a movie about this.
Messurier is not the father of the tuned mass damper.  The Japanese invented it and used it in temples centuries ago.  It's called a shinbashira.
32:35 "feel the weight of the responsibility" Is this an unintended pun??
give me your phone nr..
The  Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act is why i HATE citigroup
WOW they ripped down that old church?!?!?!?!?    sick joke
بابا به خدا توکل کنین. 😊
Welders on strike?   No problem.  Ralph, make a run to Home Depot. Get us, say, a shet load of bolts. Sure thing, Boss.
This leaves me with two worries: 1. Do these buildings have strong security and plans against terrorist attacks? 2. Is there still enough integrity and ethical responsibility left within modern engineering to check against the corrosive forces of modern capitalism?
Am i alone in thinking this is kind of proof that everything we were told about the Twin Towers was bull? Pres. George Bush Sr. Had literally funded a reinforced substructure. It should've stood and burned but not zero gravity collaspe. I've watched many demolition videos. that's a delicate process that takes great planning. Because buildings are built by smart peoples to withstand external forces.
I'm still upset that they destroyed the world trade towers just to put us in a phony war with Iraq. Causing injury of many many of our servicemen, and as the movie said no weapons of mass destruction. Dick Cheney was at the controls, George Bush was looking stupid with a bunch of fifth graders. A lot of people made a lot of money off this phony war, well so many of our military men and women are injured for life.
Props to the guy for taking criticism seriously and owning up to both his own mistakes and the mistakes of people under him.
110 kph = 68.4 mph
What a great work, great architects and engineers
They destroyed the beautiful gothic church for that.... What can I say
Why would you replace that gothic church with that ugly crt tv looking grey box 😭
In the uk we protect and restore old buildings, especially churches. I guess greed and politicians corruption is to blame over there
God, my blood ran cold upon seeing that 14 bolts were needed. I wonder how many disasters have been avoided over time by people doing the right thing or catching things in time.
oh wow!
Hideous and ugly, horrendous building. Should never have been allowed. The removal of that church is a crime against humanity.
"Social risk that might kill thousands ... you must do something" ...  More timely than ever. Like crashing the world economy with the extremely wasteful low EROI renewables. Nuclear power can provide energy regardless of the weather, and provide heat and energy and valuabe materials at the same time with high EROI, and low fossile consumption proportional to 1/(EROI-1) also roughly proportional to environmental footprint .... extremely good for nuclear breeder reactors, reasonably good for LWR, extremely bad for renewables...
Ew. That ugly grey block is a church? I thought it was some kind of utility structure, like subway ventilation or sewer pumps.
Replacing that church with one which looks like a tomb is ridiculous.
One person with curiosity and one person with high moral integrity. And the world have seen one less tragedy. Amazing.
23:43 YOU MIGHT ACTUALLY BE A LIFESAVER BRO HOLY CRAP I'M GOING TO JAPAN NEXT MONTH & THOUGHT I WAS JUST GOING TO HAVE TO FIGURE TS OUT ONCE I GOT THERE 😭
Man, to THINK his original building was welded... It want his fault!
Pretty amazing they didn't just weld the joints to begin with. Bolts stretch and loosen over time even if the nut is welded.
I’m shocked this hasn’t been a movie yet.
Lucky they didn't put that in Fl. Where the Hurricanes are much more Intense.
Yes, how?
Nice that they didn't let thousands of people make their own choice whether or not they wanted to potentially die in a probable death trap. Better for you to die then for them to admit they had a problem. They can always say they were sorry later but that wouldn't do you any good.
The church is mock-Gothic, not Gothic, and it can't be old.  Nothing in New York is old.  If it's crumbling it was badly built in the first place or has been horribly maintained.  Real Gothic churches built in the 12th-14th centuries are not crumbling, as long as their roofs have been maintained.
MONEY
Amazing story ❤ thank you @verItasium
I watched the Dupont & 3M video first. then came to this, and I wonder how different people can be.
how do you think it was allowed ? plans and drawings and engineering documents were submitted to the city for a permit just like every other building idiot
Dude that gothic church looked amazing
*Silently burns the papers and tells no one*
Considering Veritasium's colab with other corporates like Waymo and head & shoulders, I won't be surprised if the tower collapses next week. Guy just uses science for PR.
Woke.
This story is partly wrong. The architect did not discover his own mistake. It was an architectural student at Yale who discovered it and brought it to the architects attention.
Seems to me by their actions that there is still problems with the building.
How much cocaine were they doing when they designed this building?
1. That church is ugly 2. Dude, that AD notification timer is a freaking cherry! I intentionally watched the ad because that is the most awesome and thoughtful thing! @veritassium
Solving a problem? or created a problem and sloving it?
4:54 MAKE IT MORE RIGID
Winds a “110 km/hr” (68-mph)….leaves out a very important detail.  During the design, wind codes were evaluated in both orthogonal directions as per code.   However, after construction, it was an engineering student doing their study that discovered if the wind speed was not orthogonal, or diagonal, the building could fall.  The fix was to transfer the lateral loads back to the center of the building. This is not typical design.  Both the discovery and solution were ahead of their time.
Never go jumping on trampolines if you’re over 30. I was probably about 40 years old, jumping on a trampoline, getting some big air. No tricks, just jumping. All of a sudden I feel a flash of pain in my mid back. It’s been on and off back problems for the last 10 years.
Where is my favorite host of the channel? please dont go
Its a city so no such things as safe so no fucks are given
He owned up to it, that takes balls.  Accountability is a powerful tool, its a shame modern society neglects it for likes on social media platforms.  Accountability saves lives, prevents disasters, it shows integrity.
If the braces are experiencing both tension and compression back and forth over time, what about the issue of fatigue?
the real catastrophe was the construction of that hideous church
With all due respect, given that I am not a structural engineer but a retired architect, in my opinion there were better, cheaper, and simpler options, such as negotiating the relocation of the chapel (anyway is no te original one) or, if that were not possible, treating the building as a 45 degrees rotated tower cantilever-structuring the corners on each level, with ducts to reduce wind pressure.
That’s a good one
Anyone with common sense and owns a chair can see the building is unstable.  Also, these engineers stepped up to correct the issue because otherwise they would all be in jail if that building had collapsed.
Incredible video.
In the trades we called them “Oh,S—- moments.”
There's an interesting aspect on the issue that is: Why do the contractors propose the alternative? In construction contracts contractors aren't automatically entitled to saved cost, so the client could really just tell the contractor to fxxk off and pocket the money saved. So either the contract encourages cost saving or they have made an agreement to share the savings, but that also brings out the problem where contractors could in theory propose unbiuldable methods to cheat the system, so contracts usually forbiddens any deviations from design, and the client must first agree on the proposal to make it legal, so then the problem becomes if the client knows about the proposal, and whether they know the implications of it, though in either case the contractor and consultants are expected to know what they are doing, it's just the severity of the situation could vary depending on the contract.
You talk about America and American companies but you use the metric system. I don't know the metric system and I won't learn it. As of now I won't subscribe to your channel and won't watch anymore of your videos.   Tired of YouTube channels just using the metric system.
A miscalculation of wind forces on this project is just one of several troubling aspects. As finished, both the church and skyscraper are exceptionally ugly, bordering on godawful. How do so many offensive mega-constructions get approved?? These are examples of clunky, ill-proportioned architecture that ignores human scale and the pedestrian experience. This pattern of development attends to the needs of multinational behemoths, with no regard for the surrounding urban fabric or the many succeeding generations who have to live with these monstrosities.       The most recurring story of American urban growth is one of selfish entrepreneurs striving to please investors, while treating the needs of people, the esthetics of the built environment, our legacy as a liberal democracy and simple daily issues of livability, like a box of disposable kleenex.
They should’ve kept the beautiful church, and built an L shape building on the lot around the church.. like duhh. You’re keeping an authentic art piece of architecture and your building will be safe
As a courtesy to my wife, I always calculate for 'Quartering Winds'.... especially on bean night.
You guys made me think of a cylindrical-shaped skyscraper, for lower wind resistance as well as standout aesthetics; so I asked Quora. For hotels and corporate buildings, rectangular makes big sense.
this episode was amazing.
This smells like EXTREME lobbying. I can't imagine a healthy country condoning these kinds of catastrophic mistakes. It was purely luck that it went well and that means the mistake was made and can be seen as passed. Using this as an ETHICS CASE, a good one at that, from my developed perspective is absolutely ludicrous.
I'd heard or heard-of this story several times before, but never in detail.  I never heard what *_exactly_* the problem was.  Thanks, Veritasium!
Looks like a mob spawner
By the grace of God, this building didn't feature on Engineering Disasters.  Reminds me of a thousand foot tv tower that collapsed with several workers at the top being killed.   The construction firm ran out of the required five dollar forged steel bolts and substituted 50 cent  bolts from Hardware Hanks instead.
When we will hear the same about mRNA "vaccines" ???
wow great comparison at 9:29
What date it will fall?
getting rid of the gothic church rather than repairing it should be a punishable offense...
While i've known of this potential disaster and the corrections made for awhile, i think it was scishow years ago, your own style does this story great justice :)  thanks
Would it have been ok if they welded it?
How was the experimental design not tested in a wind tunnel before, yet he did it himself with less resources? Seems like a massive oversight for a building that other engineers were looking at and thinking it was crazy/stupid. The hubris of this design put thousands at risk, for what reason?
“Cybertruck edition church” 1:44
who was the person who authorized the bolts vs the welding.
We covered a number of notable engineering failures in our engineering ethics module at university: Challenger, the Therac-25, the loss of the first Ariane 5 flight (and the Mars Crashing Orbiter got talked about because we enjoyed having a good laugh at NASA's expense!).    This one should also be in the syllabus as an example of a good outcome from an engineer performing ethically.  Failure is a great teacher, sure, but there's something to also be said for learning from other people's successes.  He owned up to his mistake and the work was done to fix it.  And the consequences for him were no doubt embarrassing when it came out, but he kept his job and reputation (mostly) intact because what's the point of punishing someone for making an honest mistake?
What a terrific story, thanks for presenting!
I was only ever responsible for about 200 ppl at a time... At most.... Aircraft maintenance. I absolutely agree with the very end of the video, he says; "if you see a problem that could potentially kill... You must do something." Paraphrasing a bit... If there was a slight concern on my watch... That cargo jet didn't leave, rank be damned.
Makes me wonder and worry about a lot of the other buildings in cities where someone might cut a seemingly innocent corner here and there, not knowing that corner was the lynch pin for the entire structural integrity of the building... or architects/engineers who DON'T do the right thing.
Houses with underground carports do it, so they just enlarged size with harder, heavier weighter materials to retain collapses
All of this because they cut on weight and they switch welds to bolts and not ENOUGH bot, like putting 4 when 14 is needed, this is crazy ! Then someone says "weld", weld it, for the love of god...
There’s no “J” in pendulum.
Destroying that gothic church was a crime
Wait so they took away the big beautiful church and put that depressing building up
all it takes is 1 earthquake.
Hey lets get rid of that gothic church and make the new one hideous. Lets also put that scyscraper on thin stalks for some reason and make it also ugly and dangerous. Man they all think they are little Picassos.
I think it's very unfair that you underrepresented the person that made the initial diagnosis of the building and therefore misrepresented LeMusserier as the main saviour.   Diane Hartley was key to this.
Have a massive square tower on 4 thin stilts located in the middle of each face is massively stupid at 2:30!
0:00 Nope, i can recognise a mob grinder when i see one
Great video!
A unsafe looking building is unsafe? Who would've thought.
What utter criminal destruction in removing that beautiful building and replacing it with that hideous monstrosity. Who on earth signs off on this cultural vandalism.
"old crumbling gothic church" ... which was beautiful, with that modernist cr4p that looks like a modern toilet... congratulations...
Strikes don't just happen, they need to be organized. They are preceded by months of negotiations, with both sides appealing to public. Newspapers would naturally have access to the newspapers informing the public about the unjust conditions they are protesting against. Now if the real estate owner, the bank making the loans and insurance company all face loss of millions, they can get a newspaper strike for tomorrow morning with one phone call, as easily as they can get new phone line across the busy city.  Did anyone check, was there any media attention to the strike before the owners learned about structural weakness?
I’m currently in an engineering ethics course, and we were just talking about this!
Wasn't this an episode on numb3rs
what a ghastly looking church
He was fine having people inside when the worst hurricane was expected to hit. That is not a gloryfying story.  He should have told them, to not risk 1000s of lifes. It's not his decision to make whether or not people should panic about risking their lives.  I agree that he tried to do something about the problem and not take suicide or hide, but that is the bare minimum.
One of the best docos ive seen - well done to Veritasium for such quality uploads
Maybe they shoulda used a jump to conclusions mat
They had to actually construct the whole mess before they could figure this out???
Those architects and engineers were almost as smart as muskrat!!!
No wonder America is full of nothing but generic strip malls. How could you tear down that church and replace it with whatever the heck that blob is!? 😢
disgusting secrecy and coverup, there's nothing to praise for same as that church replacement
Why don’t they just make skyscrapers round?
It will be fine if its not chinese concrete
i love big men
Cute! (you.not the video) 🙂
William LeMessurier died from a fall, but his building still stands. My father was a civil engineer and 1 month younger than LeMessurier. He lived 11 years longer than LeMessurier.
NIST lost all credibility after 9/11
Funny how you repeatedly call this Le Messurier's mistake, it wasn't, it was the firm that decided to save money by using bolts instead of welding. that's capitalism at play, not the mistake of a single person.
how could he miscalculate  LeMessurier-ments???
They converted that beautiful old gothic church into a post-modern Aurther Treacher’s…  Then were like: “you’re welcome!”
I believe this story is the basis for a a Numb3rs episode where a CalSci student committed suicide to get enough attention for the flaw in the buildings construction. Any Numb3rs fans in the room?
Sorry it's hard to believe the Red Cross has the knowledge necessary to deal with the buildings detector falling down. I strongly disapprove of their sneakiness.  If something had happened, there would have been deaths.Covid has proved what sneakiness is worth.
How about the windows, is there a problem with breakage?
Why didn't they make the building cylindrical to reduce the wind resistance and weight massively?
I must be the only person that is not impressed with LeMessurier. He admits that he believed the building would fall in HIS lifetime. He even considered suicide. It seems he was most worried that he'd be alive when it fell. But ok...he eventually tells the truth and fixes it. HOWEVER, they continued to hide it from the people who had a right to know that their lives were in terrible danger. The people had a right to CHOOSE whether to work there or not. He and his firm just didn't want to be sued, which they most assuredly would have been. Then the hid everything for over 20 years. This is not heroism. This is a story of moral failing, lying to the public (for their own good), and a cover up. This is an example of covering your own ass.
The idea of only have 4 bolts on the key joints is beyond me. Where was any redundancy? You always were required to have a 35% fudge factor meaning if the project requires 4 bolts there should be 6 or more so if one fails the whole thing does not go down. WTC towers were built with a 100% fudge factor meaning everything was 2x the size required.
Corp. has silent letter p.
They took out the gothic church for an ugly ass modern one
I have a very stressful and demanding job. Working in manufacturing sometimes my ability to perform directly affects dozens of other people and hundreds of thousands of dollars per hour. It’s good to hear about stories like this makes me feel a little better about when I have bad days.
400 ton block on top of the building I will never go near that thing.
A multi story mall in San Francisco had structural cracks in steel beams, stress cracks inches wide appearing right before the grand opening, caused by improper weld splatter, finishing on welds.
The "Big Dig" Boston tunnel system had concrete panels hung above traffic with glue, which failed, crushing 2 commuters. Sometimes, simple is best, exotic, theoretical engineering solutions really are too good to be true.
I been working here for 10 years, anddd i want to be remote full time
I still have reservations about that building being safe, personally. It's inherently unstable, strengthwise, no redundancy built into it. Time will tell if fatigue degradation eventually attacks the frame.
that new church is crazy bad
USA! USA! USA!
I see the drop current danger at the Trump doorstep.  Manifest TDS? Before Trump even took office look at the real issue. Dwight D. Eisenhower warned the American people. Again the military Industrial Complex is bigger than we can control because as humans history constantly reminds us. The people with money and power want to downplay the dangers to the American people because it cuts into their Profit Stream. Deep sigh! We are all screwed just kiss your asses good-bye. Profit before people.  Sweet Jesus please come soon, I like the idea of a new heaven and earth.
Great video!
Veritasium is collecting all the different types of civil engineering in his videos like pokemon. We get structural, and environmental, and water resources. Waiting for more transportation and  geotech...
“Old crumbling gothic church” with a new one that looks like a bomb shelter. We have declined as a civilization. That gothic church was beautiful and just needed some restoration.
He got praise for "coming forward" when he hid everything & repaired in secret? This is unethical as hell! He was only successful bc the hurricane went a different way + news strike. This is a story of astonishing luck, not ethics. 🤥
they destroyed that beautiful church for that brutalist abomination?
32:17 a NIST study missing key considerations ? I’m shocked
I think to build tall buildings is stupidity. Why not instead build many smaller buildings for the same money?
Good bless that student and his teacher
I don't know anything about this topic but really was enthralled the whole time watching this
This is what happens when people penny pinch. If they had just done it as designed, jt would jave been more expensive but probably been fine. Instead they saved money on welding but had to sneak welders in to rip down walls, weld and put eveything back up without anyone noticing
He didn’t discover the flaw. A student did and notified him about it.
Dude belongs in prison and people laughing and clapping tells me all I need to know about them. So creepy.
I would never sleep living in a gigantic building swaying around. I’m afraid of heights and I don’t understand how anyone can live all smooshed into one small space. That’s way way way toooo much poop all in the same place
Renault took the Mass Damper concept and implemented it in their championship winning F1 car. The result ? It was so good that it was noticeable through the onboard cameras, The renault's camera was like it was on an expensive stabilizer, so smooth while everyone else's cars were shaking the camera so bad it caused static.
Humans should stop with these disgusting gigantic piles of garbage. That many people should never be in the same place at the same time. Very negative energy is created when too many people are on top of each other. These ugly giants are actually creating higher winds and many many issues
I can't believe they knocked down the historic church and I'm not even religious.
Moral of the story is this engineer had integrity. That saved the lives of thousands, saving the building is just the means to do it. I hope new engineers and architects will understand this and continue to act with integrity, when needed. Even if it puts them at PR and career risk. As LeMessurier put it himself  - they have responsibility beyond themselves.
How? One word: Minecraft
The Westgate Bridge disaster is another great cautionary tale.  One that involves bolts turning blue.
Bro missed two entire syllables of the architect’s name
great job, you stood up and took risk for 10s of thousands of people with out them having a say.  The next step in morality if entirely skipped.  Saving reputation in the name of mass panic is still putting folks at risk. they had a duty to let people decide on the risk themselves.
1:40 I am no christian but damn that's infuriating. Especially seeing what the new chuch looks like.
AI animation is 🤮!
Another question is : how many structures around the world are built with design faults, engineering faults or substandard materials, that are or are not known about........................
they are taking a truth and adding lies to it  to make thier lies more believable
I see that the guy kept using the term "They ... " (reduced the number of bolts) etc. He was the sole authority on the project, everyone else worked for him. Every credit or blame goes to him.  I am surprised he is not sent to prison
Amazing
That building was setup to collapse!
Somewhere out there, there is a huge skyscraper that engineers haven’t yet realized their calculation mistakes on.
Kinda seems there is something to be said about Karma.., because he took the appropriate measures, after much contemplation.. everything started to fall into place.. even the hurricane changed course...makes ya wonder..what a great video.. very well done thanks for your hard work!👍
All of these discoveries were obvious to me from the start.  Yeh, of course there needs to be more bolts than were installed.
The manhattan project
"Now, we had to cook up a line of bull, I'll tell you. And white lies at this point are entirely moral. (class laughs) You don't wanna spread terror in the community to people that don't need to be terrorized. We were terrorized, no question about that. Several newspapers reported on it, but they didn't have the details."   Yeah, hilarious, that is. Tee-hee, hee. How would people deciding for themselves whether or not to take the risk of working in an unsafe building "spread terror in the community"? Sounds like reasonable precaution to me. Could it be that by "terror" they mean a disruption to generating profit at Citicorp and the other businesses in the building?
In the middle of infinity, are you in a thought of God and if you are from Egypt how long do you stretch from there?    That was it in order— wait    You do what you’re doing right now in order to be a thought of God in the middle of infinity BANG  we’re done
1:04 - the green dot aviation music
How come there's never enough time to do a job right but there's always enough time to do it over??
I'm pretty sure that the engineer is only 26 in that lecture video...
Introdução A curva de rotação de galáxias espirais mostra que estrelas em suas regiões periféricas giram mais rápido do que o previsto pela gravidade newtoniana baseada apenas na massa visível. A solução clássica é a matéria escura, mas até hoje ela não foi detectada diretamente. 2. Fundamentos da Teoria do Desequilíbrio Espacial Esta teoria propõe que a força de interação entre dois corpos é proporcional ao produto de seus volumes ocupados no espaço, dividido pelo quadrado da distância entre eles: F = K * (V1 * V2) / R² Onde: - F é a força de interação, - V1 e V2 são os volumes ocupados pelos corpos, - R é a distância entre eles, - K é uma constante que depende da escala do sistema (galáxia, sistema solar, etc). 3. Aplicando à Rotação Galáctica Considerando o movimento circular, temos: m*v²/R = K * (V1 * V2)/R²  →  v = sqrt(K * V1 * V2 / (m * R)) Usando valores realistas para a galáxia NGC 3198: - V1 ≈ 1e61 m³ - V2 ≈ 1e27 m³ - R ≈ 5e20 m - m ≈ 2e30 kg Com K ≈ 4e-27, obtemos v ≈ 200.000 m/s, que corresponde às velocidades observadas.
They could have just evacuated the whole building for 6 weeks and repair it. What is this video? Corporates doesn't care about other people's lives. They prioritize their image more than people's lives. And in the end, they talk about "doing the right thing" hahahahah.
This is so ethically inspiring!!!!
I learned about this in my engineering ethics too. The Challenger disaster too. Loved the detail of this
How was it allowed? Somebody got paid off..
Liberal Arts
Why did they ditch the church. The sterile look is kinda cool at first glance, but it’s really anti-human, not organic looking at all
The only thing these New York Pastors are missing is a rainbow flag…oh wait.
As a mechanical engineering student, Wow
Go to Google Maps. Search in Mexico City the following address: "Revolución 1425". Come back and comment.
omg I eat at the Hugh under this building almost daily for a while .... interesting to know the story of this building
THIS is also a LIBERAL STATE OF COMPLETE IDIOTS so what would anyone expect?
Keeping it a secret is where they crossed the line!
Why do you needed to emphasise the ''crumbling'' aspect  (at 1:36 ) if it was standing still and mantained?
So, let me get this straight. They tore down that beautiful old church and replaced it with this eyesore? This is why we can't have nice things.
STOP starting sentences with SO do you not have a vocabulary. And Um LIKE
Apparently they don’t study this case in China.
01:05 Took me way to long to figure out those were 1961-63 Ford Galaxie's
hands down one of the best videos you made insane
I have heard almost the exact same story about the Hancock building in Boston. Lo and behold, it involved some of the same people.
Sudowoodo
You look a little bit like rowan from viva la dirt😅❤
Excellent video.
This engineer deserves a noble prize
The ETHICAL thing to do would be to publicize the mistake and let individuals gauge their own risk tolerance WHILE the repairs are being made.
Imagine replacing that beautiful 'gothic' church with this monstrosity - only in America, folks.
All of this danger because of a church.  Are we done with tolerating their nonsense yet!?
God why did they replace that beautiful Gothic church?!?
I kind of am failing to understand why they wouldn't have spun the building's design on the plot by 45 degrees, and put the support columns on the corners. seems like that would have been the most simple solution to leave room for the church and also keep the 4 quadrant symmetry
The church is still there. The student who called the creator which is mysterious, must be sent by angel. Who knows... 🤷🤷🤷 Miracle do happen 🙏🙏🙏 when God is around, even Hurricane Ella goes Canada , which is interesting fear everyone been holding
I don't need to be an engineer to know this is asinine
A kindergarten boy can tell the columns need to be on the corners...
1:47 where is the church????
Terrorist gonna have a field day with this video 😂 imagine hating America and knowing there’s a building held up by 4 small pillars
Idhar banaya hota tab to pkka bhag jata suicide nhi karta😂😂
I hate everything about this building. Been there.
Maybe I'm not understanding this fully. But was the engineer really at fault here? His plan was based on the fact that the beams would be welded, not bolted. But then someone decided to save some money and used bolts.
The old gothic church was cooler.
Not thr first
Man, that old church looked so beautiful...
So they destroyed a piece of art for that blocky building… ??
Wow. What a story! This would make a helluva good film in the right hands. Thanks (as always) for your amazing channel.
So the Church almost became the death machine.
20:20 - its not a 1/16 chance... its a 1/16 chance WITH a power outage (assuming that wasn't part of the 1/16 calc). the compounding chance likely puts it back near the 1/110year range.... relatively small error ;) but still.   I for one am surprised the 1/4 case wasn't looked at sooner. Im not a structural eng (electrical instead)... but even so the idea that you can knock the legs form the corner of a cube into the centre, and then not consider the fact diagonal loads ultimately need to be transferred to the corners of that smaller square 'diagonally inside' the bigger square, with a resultant 'leaver' advantage, seems a big miss. Harder to do without any modern computers, but still...  just looking at the ratio of side lengths of a 'square diagonally in a square' is ~7:10... ie 1.4, the same ratio of concern mentioned here. And all i did was measure a square in a square (or... calculate the adjacent length using the side of the building as the hypotenuse)... and that took less time than writing this comment... your just gonna have to believe me (or not... it is the internet) when I claim 1.4 was in my head before it was mentioned here too...  :/   A team not consulting the prior engineer(s) when making changes to a design, while not surprising, is equally silly. A classic 'I dont know what I dont know, therefore the decisions of my predecessors are fully understood and i don't need to ask them anything regarding 'why' in their decision making process'. :/
this reminds me when there was a space project where half of the team just used a different measurement (one used imperial the other metric)
This is much more than an engineering story. It’s a lesson in taking responsibility. Compare the character of LeMessurier to that of the owners of the Sampoong Department Store in Korea.
I could have sworn I saw this video several months ago…I guess it must have been a different channel but it’s so familiar.
19:10 For those who don't get it, those are the odds a wandering trader will trade emeralds for gunpowder in Minecraft. Pretty damn high.
This is why we do finite element  analysis.
how much of this stock footage was taken from building big
That Church is ugly.
Sorry but I keep coming back to this.. the man whose lack of skill would've directly caused a disaster that was very foreseeable by even students in the field... the project lead for solving professional ineptitude  was the dunce who caused the obvious problem?? You wot mate
LeMessurier is a selfish, egotistical fool who admitted that he kept thinking of ways to avoid informing the public, fixing the problem, or admitting fault.  The fact that he got to rebrand the only option (to come clean) as recognising much larger issues after being sh!t at the the job and needing to be corrected by a student.. thefk?  Wasting time not informing the city to dream up stupid code names like PANDORA and SERENE makes me want to thunk his head against this ugly-ass monument to sh!tty architecture and pride. "White lies" - he lied about the true situation to protect himself and further endangered THOUSANDS. The man should be in jail, I'm quite annoyed by this channel framing of him as positive, whilst replaying uni lectures that spout the worst ethical standards to students. If you SEE SOMETHING, SAY SOMETHING.
Just think how many times we've watched a documentary about a disaster where: this person should have properly managed that, and that person should have done this. Well, here's a thing I didn't think existed. I don't remember this tower failing because it didn't. And it didn't because everyone did what they were supposed to.
I read an article years ago saying, "Why are Engineers a conservative bunch?" Well, if you get everything right you get a $2 simulated wood grain plaque, congratulating you on a job well done, but if you are wrong, there are lawsuits and people DIE.
Because of my fear of tall buildings, I began to feel nauseous at about 10 mins in on this video. But, I held out, and found it extremely interesting indeed. Thank you for making it.
if buildings were limited to 10 stories, we wouldn't need these ridiculous and extreme measures to keep them from falling.  and the occupants might have a fighting chance of escaping in an emergency.
its New York. its full of the 2nd trashiest people in the country just behind california. nothing they do makes sense or helps anything. total trash.
The whole concept is so stupid, even if everything is perfect it's still just making something weaker for no reason other than ugly design.. Stop it
no building should be taller than the ladders on the local fire department's trucks
Replacing that church with something that looks like a giant portable speaker is a travesty.
8:44 it's not fair to say that this is the first because the Taiwanese Tower Taipei 101 used to similar solution
Uglier than hitting a grandma. Most 'hold my beer' ideas should stay in the bar
Why does America tear down things like that beautiful Gothic Church?  Stupid.
The church is the one that put those people in danger in the first place
All this for stupid religion
Sure can't build cathedrals like the Tartarians did
Modern architecture is ignorant and ugly. Brutalism  💩
getting rid of that gothic historic church was the biggest L
what makes me sad is the OLD GOTHIC CHURCH was beautiful and should have been restored not replaced at all . i don't care for the stupid skyscraper at all .. those old building and Gothic and Victorian houses and such and Masterful and beautiful creations that should be preserved at all costs .. this entire project was over cost and overly complicated bye sheer stupidity. the Church could have been left alone at the corner of the city block and the building could have been built at the opposing corner of the block . not in the Middle and all of this BS could have been avoided !!
Was it ever thought about an extremely high wind and an earthquake at the same time, since there are numerous faults in that area? Or another massive earthquake on the New Madrid fault of the Mississippi Valley like in the early 1800’s that broke windows in D.C. and rang church bells in Boston.
i dont understand why destroy the "old church" those gothic styled ones are beatiful like theyre much better than the brutalist ones
Elan watch this
First of all, I love your work and I think you do an incredible job with the research, but in your video you said this is the first time TMD has been used in a building, but if I'm not mistaken TMD was used in the Ještěd tower in Czechoslovakia which was completed in 1973. If I am wrong, feel free to correct me and thanks again for your incredible work.
Woo Hoo 🎉 Let’s Play Jenga 😂
O something about that does not sound right like it does not make common sense
it is A L W A Y S like A L W A Y S the contractor cutting cost and corners.
Just the other day I saw idiotic things Americans have said to you, and one of them was "why didn't you demolish this 1000 years old castle instead of building a highway around it?" and another "where do you take these medieval walls after tourist season?" Now after seeing how they replaced a beautiful gothic church in the downtown area and built an ugly geometric block in place, I can see why. We have some hundreds years old beautiful church in the downtown and an orthodox church as well. The country is not that old and big historical structures aren't that plenty, but nobody would dream of removing them, they're tourist attractions and part of our dna, one of the churches shows one of the great national artists' works. It's hard to imagine in America it would just be removed to build a stupid business building. Like do you not respect your country and its history and don't want to see it in your lives in the future? I mean sure it was crumbling but renovate it if it's so gorgeous.  What I heard is that ζ = 1. It was an exhausting spring this year I must say. But don't you love it when you have an engineer team design something and think it's all done and shipped, only to find out that the contractor did their own "meaningless" economical or effort change without noticing the engineers. Sure there's nothing saying bolts are worse but if the design is done with the welds in mind and checking the strength of the structure with welds, it's not automatic that bolts do the same if it's not designed to account for that. Ironically welds were what he originally planned and wanted. And just for a note, you never design so that you can use welds, they're expensive man work hours. You use welds because you have to. You don't just replace welds if the design says welds, you definitely consult the designer first.  I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with saying "my calculation for the number of bolts says 4,07 so I round it down to 4" unless of course you have a good margin in your safety factor to trust that to avoid conservative rounding.  Is it a standard in something to talk about wind in km/h? All the weather reports talk about m/s which would account to about 28 m/s wind (with around 15 m/s gusts it feels like someone's trying to push or throw you to the ground). And apparently the wind speed doubling means 4x the loading since it's in relation to the speed's square. Terrible winds.  I'm happy that his sense of duty was stronger than his fear of shame. I think that's what makes a good and respectable engineer, that one can disconnect themself from the thought "what about me" in the face of responsibility about your design's influence on other people. Indeed standing in the middle of Manhattan and so many lives at risk, there was absolutely no other choice than to take action to save it. And let's be honest people remember those kinds of actions heroic instead of shameful, setting your ego aside and working for greater good - admitting your mistake and making it good. Everyone makes mistakes and no process is perfectly safe from errors like here multiple steps went wrong, not just his own idea, but the greats find out the mistakes, come forward and fix them. That's what you want and what you consider being reliable.
Imagine that. A white man admitting he made a mistake and took steps to remedy it. Wild times.
So what you're telling me is that this all happened cause the company cheaped out without telling the engineer. Wonderful. Glad to see nothing has changed since then.
Why was quartering wind pressure not in the city’s building code? Winds were only assumed to matter face on to the widest part of the building and nobody checked the calculation from all directions that the pressure could come from? What about from above?
LeMessurier is cited as an example of what you do. You see somewhere you screwed up, you tell everyone and then try to set it right.
Champlain towers and this fiasco. Notice how they never feel it is important to tell the people who live and work in these buildings. It would cost too much money, but it is the ethical choice. Imagine that a hurricane was ripping up the coast and these monsters were sitting there KNOWING that one building's fall would cause other buildings to tumble like dominoes.  Cities are not safe places. A lot of these towers are now aging. There's a tower in San Fran that is leaning. Tenants release marbles from one side of their condo and they roll clear to the other side.  Skyscrapers. No thanks. I want as far away from any of that as possible.
Mistake my butt. Loose Change fanatics assemble!
Replaced "the old Gothic church"...translation: destroyed beautiful, historical architecture.
modernist architecture<<
@veritasium If a building is cylindrical and has 1 meter wide spiral grooves around it like a a screw. Will the force of hurricane winds act on the grooves like the twisting of a screw driver, keeping the building stable?
Is that the same NISTwho explained how the towers fell down and one column lead to building 7’s demise?
Never highlight someone as an engineer. 90% of them are below average students and in general hopeless…. Such a shame
I’m amazed he looked at it and didn’t measure the diagonal wind loads? I mean I remember seeing this building and thinking that looks unstable, they must have had a headache to compensate for diagonal wind. Cool building though.
I did made a chair with the legs in the middle.  Y don't sit well.
Diane Hartley was just a student and phoned him. The fact he listened and admitted mistake is noble
28:08 Glad to see that this whole experience has made him a humble man….. 😒
As great as it was that they owned up to their mistake and decided to do something about it, it still baffles me that they didn't hasten the repair project by working on it around the clock and instead choose to only work on it during the night. If they did that, the repairs could have been on time even if that hurricane didn't veer off at the last minute. They were saved, but it was sheer luck.
kind of scary if you think about it.
17:46.... I am preping ingredients....i literally mashed my garlics instead of dicing it... literally saying "that's fucked" . That phone call earlier saying they substituted "BOLTS" instead of "WELD"...the thought gives me goosebumps 😅😅😅😅
Did Bill LeMessurier never heard of the 'L' shape building that could give the Church more space?
True Engineering Integrity....😉
Did Canada save citicorp twice with wind-related incidents? Western is the University of Western Ontario, where the wind tunnel is, and then it seems the hurricane was deflected and maybe the shape of Atlantic Canada helped redirect that 200 kph hurricane. I've been inside the wind tunnel at UWO, and I think I may have met some of the engineers that helped this building back in the late 70s. I went to Discovery Western as a kid, got a shirt with a parody of the vw logo with "DW Engineers Wanted".
Thank you, to Diane Hartley and/or Lee DeCarolis. You saved a whole lot of lives.
Tuned mass dampers have been used for 100s of years in the earthquake prone land of Japan.
So it’s possible to conduct a secret operation to the beams of a skyscraper without ppl in it ever knowing?! Hm u could put “bandages” or … I don’t know thermite?!
Excellent discussion and outstanding topic.
I much prefer the "crumbling old Gothic church."
One notion I found a bit grating is how this has become a case-study for "good ethics". If LeMessurier hadn't come forward then he would have been nothing short of evil. How could anyone look at this mistake and say, "I'll keep quiet, I won't risk my career for this - even though I know for a fact it will collapse within my lifetime and possibly kill tens of thousands of people and cause one of the largest socio-economic distasters in this country's history?" There's nothing arbitrary about his decision. If he keeps quiet, he will be directly responsible for thousands of deaths.  On a fundamental level, I do understand why this is taught in engineering courses. But to praise someone so highly for showing a rudimentary level of basic human decency seems a bit dystopian. Is he praised so highly because the other 99 engineers beside him would have said, "Don't tell anyone and forget you saw this?" If that is truly the average engineer's mindset then I'm genuinely appalled. Are most engineers truly so out of touch that they don't value human life? I doubt so, but if that's the case then something is very wrong.
The present church looks exactly like the Citicorp building. If they wanted to make it set apart, they should've left it.
Its so funny the fact that the structural engineer's name sounds exactly like "The Measurer"
And the fool who suggested bolts instead of following the plans? Probably got a nice bonus.
Cityboy whistindeisel
Any kid that ever played with building blocks could have seen that this was stupid.
Thank you.
that church doesn't look distinct to me  it feels cohesive for some reasons
We have "one in a hundred year" storms every couple years
It would be a miracle if they actually considered real life circumstances. Only in America 😂🎉😂😂
How to Overcomplicate a Building 101
Pastor was a pos. Cuty corp waited till okd Pastor died then propped up the dummy who agreed to this nonsense
Look I get engineers are smart but let me tell you I built custom made water well drilling machine we would tell the engineers this want work and that want work all the time they would say it will so we would do what was told to do on the drawings. Well guess what 90% of the time we told them something wouldn’t work we the welders that do the machining of custom parts wouldn’t world in the real world.
Operation.... Muhammad, Serenity be upon him.
The whole bolts thing is just befuddling to me.  These big pieces of beams would have come in without bolt holes if they were meant to be welded together right?  So did they come in that way and they looked and them and said, "Hey John? Where do the bolts go to connect these things together?" John, "I don't know Darryl, just drill out holes for 4 bolts because 14 bolts is going to take too long".  I mean, W T A F?
From a 43rd floor vantage point diagonally across from Citicorp (919 3rd Ave) I watched its construction in 8 floor increments.  After having watched this video my first thought is to be grateful for Mr. LeMessurier for all his actions (and no doubt others also working with him to rectifying this) .  His greatest accomplishment may well be the actions he took & example he demonstrated to generations of engineers that follow.
Your story is incorrect it was an engineering student a female that discovered the internal flaws with the building
Imagine designing a skyscraper… and nearly inventing real-life Jenga. 🏙🫣 Shoutout to that student who basically saved Manhattan with one phone call. Architects = engineers + anxiety + math.
“They would have to notch out a corner of the base of the tower” Oof. That doesn’t seem very safe. “Why not notch out all four corners?” AAAAHHHH
A horrible ugly building and a ruined depressing blocky church
1:59 thee one Hugh Stubbins his toe
The only story here is the destruction of that beautiful church. The rest of the story is just typical incompetence and arrogance.
Who took the bribe to ok this going up in the first place .
So what you’re saying is his team should’ve spent more time on Le Messurierments
Thank you Derek
they shouldve preserved the gothic church. geez.
Stopped watching after 20 seconds.. the fault was pointed out by a female engineering student.. she got no credit... this channel is perpetuating that
a story of an actual conspiracy. fascinating. secret repairs do qualify
How does the TMD functions @ corner winds? Sliding over the corner seems not possible.
As always,  another programme of excellence.    The brand name  'Veritasium'  is becoming synonymous with excellence and high quality.     Thanks from Australia.
The fact they listened, studied and owned up to the mistake is remarkable. This is how you should operate. Understand you aint perfect and keep safety paramount.
Cost Saving again!!
I don’t think the strike was a coincidence at all! Has the power to get telecoms installed by AT&T the next morning, a strike is nothing.
It is utterly bizarre that Citicor management and Board allowed their share owners to pay for the gross incompetence of the builders and structural engineers
Lol. Attacks Trump admin twice, then mentions his sponsor, which Republicans use.
chad student > award winning engineer
never thought I would see civil engineering here
Never mind where or when.  But, many years ago I had an attorney appointment.... As my cab approached the building, I realized my attorney was on the 50th floor.  When I stood at the elevator, I realized I couldn't do it.  My wife was amazed.  She had seen me skydive, and now I was afraid of heights? We called my attorney and insisted he bring our contracts to the lobby.  I will never have anything to do with these buildings.  Irrational?  Yep.  But I have attained my old fart status by listening when my gut speaks.................
Everything created by the A'Merkins has a few bits missing. Including their "leaders" and their governments!  💩 It takes that kind of passionate dedication to stupidity to fail as a nation and become a global laughing stock as the USA is nowadays. The USA is now "owned" by Russia, and the A'Merkins don't even realise it. 🤣 The artificially coloured Orange One is nothing more than PooTin's bitch. 👹
bro just copies content from other youtuber
God ruins everything again 🙄
it says everything you need to know about capitalism that the corporation didn't immediately evacuate the area.
I am an engineer, a software engineer. I often cringe at my field. 😕  Whether I would've had the good sense to follow up as well as strategically as LeMessurier did, I don't know. But I do know I would've owned the mistake were I in his shoes. I've done this a few times throughout my career with problems I knew existed that likely had far less drastic consequences. Everybody should learn the tale of this, and be at peace with doing the right thing in their hearts before they become an engineer of any kind.
The careful text-books measure   (Let all who build beware!)  The load, the shock, the pressure   Material can bear.  So, when the buckled girder   Lets down the grinding span,  The blame of loss, or murder,    Is laid upon the man.      Not on the Stuff—the Man!  - Hymn of Breaking Strain, Kipling
My attention span is really bad these days but this video had me hooked all the way through. And I’m no engineer or architect, this video was incredible.
Didn’t they make a movie about this
I read about this a long time ago, and i am 99.9% sure that the "student" that discovered, and questioned the safety of this structure was a Female, and not a male, which they are indicating here. I'm a guy and yes I do think that is an error that should be corrected, if I am correct.
You guys should check out MASP in São Paulo, THAT is a awesome building
This is a great example of an actual conspiracy that people figured out.
🎶 Start spreading the news. 🎶
1:36 Could they have added more nonsensical words to those concerning the replacement of 'the old crumbling church'?
A truly honest and remarkable structural engineer.
Thanks for using the more superior metric
Oh thats an easy one for an inside job blaming scheme :D
Maybe the same thing happened with the world trade center, only the architect had a different idea of dealing with it?
Excellent. Thank you.
The Wired Building Ever:  1. Qingdao Jiaozhou Bay Tunnel  2. Bankhead Tunnel 3. Underwater Road Tunnel Salamina island - Perama 4. Longaberger Basket Building, Ohio 5. A Hotel Made of Gods They never say about these building, Cr@zy or Cool
It genuinely terrifies me that there are people who would not reveal the danger once it was understood, that they would put their own reputation and financial wellbeing over the lives of thousands who could be saved by whistleblowing. How is putting lives first not the default response for everyone?
ah, yes, let's put an extremely heavy, tall building on stilts
20:06 😢 TDOT had to install guard rails around the abutments in my town.  1 man one year and 1 woman the next.  Those incidents were not accidents.
I found a mistake in one of my experiments months after it and I had to go back to redo all again and recalculate all the results, and that was horrible. But my project is insignificant and meaningless, doing it on a skyscraper might was inhumane and terrifying.
That's a snag alright 😂😂😂
I have just one word to describe this: Diversity, Inclusion, Equality
The fact the kept the public uninformed is unacceptable. All people involved should be arrested and in jail. The audacity and arrogance is staggering.
ya....I would just not go to this building. It works fine until we find out it doesnt......
Awesome video!!!
I prefer the dilapidated Gothic church, thanks.
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Leave out the distracting needless music/ noises.  I'm here for information not that. Seems a bit childish adding it. Would you have music playing if you give a seminar or lecture? It's ridiculous Stop trying to turn an information video into an entertainment product
the gothic church was infitissimaly better than the soulless cube that answers only to the devil himself hell is this sad. at this point it would have been better to sell the plot
You want to kow the truth? the truth is that infromation was there first, which flips the script on everything, i found out why the unverse exists and its most fundamental law
😮
built to withstand anything but a 1 in 1000 storm? 1 in 1000 odds is not great.. in the enormity of time, it sounds like an inevitability. is there a plan in place to evacuate Manhattan if such a storm was coming? would there be time?
I was there when they built it, and the Kaiser Permanente building.  Cool that they didn't tear down all of the old auditoriums & Tribune Tower... :}
That is not a church that is a block.
I’d recognize the Tufts TTS patio anywhere 6:30
1:39 so eine Schöne Kirche abgerissen für 2 so pot hässliche Gebäude. So eine Sachade. Ein guter Arschitekt hätte die alte Kirche in ihrer Wunderschönen Form erhalten und drum herum den neuen Turm gebaut.
Hey world! Hope U'R doing great 🙏🏻. We need your help 🌎  Please take a minute to look inside the enigma of "Esfera de buga" ⚫❓  Its an sphere who falldown in buga, Colombia, with the ability to fly without an a external motor, and it can change the warm, the material hardness, it reacts to electromagnetic fields and appears to have autonomy.  Nothing like this has been seen before, and the general public is being invited to contact journalist Jaime Maussan if they can contribute anything to the investigation and have this published for the benefit of our planet 🤕. If true, it will change the future of our human race. 🌱  From Mexico, H.P. 🇲🇽 Peace ✌🏼 and love 🫶🏼 forever!
How could they demolish the church? Craftsmanship and history bulldozed to be replaced with a concrete monstrosity.  I like when older building are left underneath new buildings seeing the past and the present working with each other
This is the best thing I've watched on YT in a long time 👏
Thank god new york has never had a disaster like that happen, can you imagine if a huge building like that collapsed  in the middle of the city?
Mob grinder?
11:23 I guess the contractor screwed up
It's to bad his company doesn't acknowledge this at all.I would think it's something to be proud of because mistakes happen in every corner of business and what he did is unfortunately becoming extremely rare. He took responsibility for the mistake and came up with a solution while also staying within the original budget. There's a reason this specific case is taught in class and it's not because it was a failure. To many people NEVER take responsibility for their actions, even if it leads to catastrophe
Now I want a movie about this!
The replacement chuch building is bloody hideous.  A gross monstrosity.  All so bankers could have a shiny new greed tower.
This may be jus the video that saved channel from the downfall.
Looking at that flange in the illustrated band aid shot and I thought... "they looked at that with four bolts in it and thought. 'sure that seems fine?'"
Wasn’t it his female student who discovered the flaw?
Nobody ever care about the citizens until there’s a catastrophe.
They couldn’t just revamp the church? That’s a beautiful gothic church that would be loved for ages. The new one looks….odd. No offense
4.07 bolts. Rodger that. Lets go slightly under guys...Better being sorry than safe.
Hi, how are Yall.. How can one put 400 T on top of a building that was or wasn't designed for that?! It's Alot of weight.. Thanks
Le Measure lolz    Le Messurier     ( Le Meh-zoor-ee-yay)
Almost didnt click because of the click bait image and title, but was plesantly surprised at the high quality content
05:06 this is just like building a gate for your wooden fence
best ad cut ever.
LeMessurier : what a name for an architect ! Definitely an old French name meaning :"The dude who measure stuff" ...
Wasn’t it an engineering student who called them about it the first person who uncovered this?
Okay. Cross out Manhattan from cities in which i could move in
The fix seems repugnant.  He was willing to risk thousands of lives to protect his image.  Bad guy.
Veritasium using clickbait titles🤦🤦
That "OLD" crumbling church was trigintillion times better than this new ugly structure. Big billionaire company really f(ed with pastor.
I noticed how narrator give it so much effort on the "OLD" word to made that beautiful church sound like a poor and unwanted thing. "OHHOLD crumbling gothic church" @1:37
Thank you for using kms that entire world uses.
That is bad design.
This building engineering is madness and unnecessary. Its just the wild dream of architect
Its a case of Engeeneers and architecht playing with the money of others in order to fulfill their wild dreams they discussed in their college years with their friends.
Sounds like China was involved in the construction
The funny part is, they have to highlight the building to show that yes this is the church. 😂
Pastor first reaction over new church- m@d=ch@d bkl (pkmb, this just personal) Holy f.
Reminds me of the Raytheon team that was replacing case hardened bolts with stainless steel bolts just because they did not want the bolts to look a little rusty. All the engineers involved did not even know what a case hardened bolt was. It took a passerby to point out the error. The danger is (maybe even still) that the structure integrity has been compromised. This could cause death because a person is expected to climb into that radar tower.
ONLY in America, some pastor would agree to tear down a beautiful church and build that....thing instead.....
I use tuned mass dampers too- as wolf killers.  Stringed instruments sometimes resonate on a particular tone, say an Ab, much louder than other tones, a so-called "wolf tone".  There are various ways of trying to get around these wolves, but sometimes the only solution is a wolf killer.  This is a tuning fork, basically a mass on springs, tuned to the wolf tone, and damped, usually by being wrapped in rubber for friction.  They are installed by first sticking them temporarily on the outside of the belly, trying various locations to get the best damping.  Because no one likes the way they look, they are usually then glued permanently to the inside on the sweet spot, which is a ticklish operation.  A fascinating story of architecture and human drama.  Tnanks.  cheers from an instrument maker in sunny Vienna, Scott
They say the most dangerous, but….It’s still standing.
Good to see China isn't the only one making insanely bad tall buildings 😅
26:00 that’s Gods work 😭😭
Sounds like he should be jailed for putting the public in danger.
I watched the last week tonight episode about trans sports. Can you do an episode about the science about trans athletes, i wasn't satisfied by John Oliver's Explanation.
Of course CitiCorp didn't want to discuss the potential that had existed which could have seen their building collapse because like other Banks, CitiBank was in process of making the World's Economy Collapse (see 2008). hehe
I saw it in suits for many episodes
LeMessurier Looks Like "The Amazing Randy" !  LOL He Sounds a bit like him too. In fact, the fact that the building stood at all is pretty much like a Magic Trick too !
Brutalist architecture? Brutalist corporate culture.  1. Need-to-know policy only included CEOs, not city officials, not the contractors, and certainly not the residents.   2. Telephone lines for _private_ emergency monitors were only forced into development after AT&Ts CEO is pulled into the inner circle.  3. A press blackout that lasted 3 months because the CEOs of three of NYC’s largest papers (NYT, The Daily News, The New York Post) tried to cut millions in dollars of cost by reducing the required number of staff running the printing presses. The negotiations crumbled and the rest of union pressmen from other papers would not cross the picket line. But that doesn’t mean “strike presses” didn’t spring up. And no shock that they lacked the intel or curiosity to pursue LeMessurier.   4. Hilarious that LeMessurier’s contractors agreed that switching to bolts would have saved a quarter of  a million dollars, but had they just followed the original plan, they wouldn’t have had to spend $4mil to undo that brilliant plan.   5. RIP the original St. Peter’s church.
Why not give more credit to the female engineering student that discovered this issue...not only discovered but also helped solve the issue.
This is the usa, please use freedom measurements
I'm just wondering how many other buildings are facing such problems? What if they're unable to deal with it? Is it really safe to live in such city? WOW
I remember seeing a show about this. Some people who worked in the building would leave during storms because the building swayed very noticeably. I building maintenance worker said that the mast damper would move so violently they thought it would come apart.
28:18 I love that I know about the Taipei 101 Mass Damper exclusively because I loved the Artemis Fowl books as a kid 😂
Why does he look and sound like James Randi?
the forbidden domino
How was thid allowed? Like the millenium tower... money of course 😂😂😂
arround 4:30 a thought poped into my head instead of the weird pillers why not rot the the square so you can have strong normal corner pillers and the church still in the location it was orignally
You just ended the loop you said you already are the thought you need to be in the middle of infinity for it to exist    For the middle of infinity to exist your thought must absolutely be half of it to see the other half after 🌈 but before BLUE LIGHT created CONSTANTLY ?🥶🧞SEPERATEd in underestimate—close your eyes. If you don’t believe me, you keep calling some of it peripheral bison.
the real travesty is losing the gothic chapel
“We wanted to give the new church a unique identity, so we turned it into a smooth concrete block with no detail whatsoever”
the building looks crap
Church, is there anything it can't ruin?
My first thought was a diagonal wins, which mean it’s not in anybody’s nature to calculate such an obvious possibility
Maybe someone else read the thesis paper and made the call.
This is the type of thing that would just get covered up in China and then people die as a result when their buildings can't withstand small earthquakes and other things that were accounted for, but shortcuts were taken in the name of cost savings or things that weren't accounted for initially, but when found out to be inadequate later, were never corrected due to the worry about saving face.
They removed a beautiful historical building for this... America....
Why would someone want to look weak????
They replaced a beautiful gothic church for a brutalist box, Americans smh
Complex & different, that sounds like Citicorp.... (I worked on a company which issued Citicards as bussiness credit cards. Nothing wrong with Citicard. But complex & different..)   Nice touch with the church.. In Sweden, in a similar situation the real estate owner will be expropriated, forced to sell at a Market value set by court. Which is decent. But owner gets more if he anticipates he will be expropriated & sells himself, a common situation beeing cities expanding into surrounding farmland.
It happened because politicians need to be ORDERED to STAY OUT of urban planning projects.
Should have kept the church. Disgusting and evil. Nothing wrong with it. Europe has churches 10x older.
how was it his fault when originally he wanted to weld the connections shouldn't the contractor be held accountable for this
Im convinced most those building have issues. Has anyone thought about long term how those buildings are going to last?
20:00 no there wasnt a 1/16 chance. You would have to pair that chance with the chance that during such a storm there would be 5 minutes of no energy for the counterweight thing as you have said. So probably closer to 1/160 or lower. Still massive and even worse that there is a 1/67 chance every year that a storm could do it with no energy problems.  All in all if the story was told right it wasn't his mistake but instead his companies and the contractors mistake. With the welds it would've held right? The obvious choice was to fix it right away and put some good lawyers in action on preventing the company from facing liability which shouldn't be difficult since nothing had happened.
A moving building "could've been uncomfortable to the patrons." Um.... YOU THINK?!?
Build a skyscraper on stilts. What can go wrong.
How WAS it allowed in first place?
In a box if the small spheres or cubes placed in the box are gonna be the exact same size then they will be the same amount because a sphere the same size as the cube is the cube simply without the corners and the multiple spheres in a row touching the other spheres the sphere will only touch the highest width peak because thats just how the shape works, and for the cube the other cubes would be touching each other all over, but it would be the same.
It was all a compromise to real estate.  Having a square building will have more real estate per floor x number of floors than a triangular building......
Destroying that old church was criminal—pure vandalism.
The old gothic church was far more beautiful than what they replaced it with.
Who let the ewok talk?
So they removed that beautiful, hand made, gothic church and they’ve replaced it with a carton of milk…pure greediness.  On the cost side, being an engineer myself, I never appreciated when I was being asked “let’s look into cost reduction”, although “safety first” should’ve been the golden rule.
Was there another alternative to secretly repair the skyscraper?  could they have evacuated it & then demolished it & create a new building in its place?  I suppose this would have been a huge cost though.  That church probably would have been pretty angry too.
The real tragedy turned out to be that hideous new church.
It really wasn't his fault. His firm did not confer with him prior to using bolts versus welded joints.
fun watch
This skyscraper itself is cool, but it's an atrocity that they replaced a gothic cathedral with that boring gray box
Quite a story.  But I question the ethics of keeping such a thing quiet while they added the upgraded supports.
The morale of Lemessurier is really commendable. Needs balls of steel to admit and correct a mistake at the risk of major dent in years of professional career
Israel is a British colony.  The so-called West is the British empire.  The U.S. is the big colony that keeps it all together.  Traitors are everywhere.  Switzerland, too, is part of this empire.  They are not neutral.  It’s a trick.   All comments about Israel owning/controlling any so-called Western country are from MI6/DOD bots.  It’s simple deception.  Time to wake up, kids.  Our war for independence hasn’t ended.  The Judeans/Israelites never called themselves Jews.  Jew is from “Anglo-French, ju, jeu game, play, from Latin jocus game, joke.”  Pretending to be Jewish, employing Jewish people and using the word Jew has been a game/joke to the British for hundreds of years.  Hebrew Y'hudi, which is supposed to mean “a Jew” or “Jewish,” comes from Y'hudah, meaning “Judah.”  Y'hudi just referred to someone from the tribe of Judah and eventually to someone from the Kingdom of Judah.  A hexagram is what’s on the flag of Israel, which was decided by the British and the Rothschild crime family.  The red hexagram is used as the symbol for their emergency medical service.  This six-pointed star has nothing to do with Jews.  The true symbol that represents the Jewish people and the covenant between them and God is the menorah, a seven-branched candelabrum.  Also, the pentagram, a five-pointed star, is associated with Judaism.  It was used in Jerusalem as an official seal.  Jar handles would be stamped with this symbol.  A hexagram has six points, six equilateral triangles, and it creates a hexagon in the middle, which has six sides—666.  The Jewish people are being deceived.  It’s a Masonic symbol, and it has always been associated with the occult, which pertains to anything secret, even before the establishment of Freemasonry in the late 1300s.  The Book of Revelation was written by British Freemasons.  👌is a British Freemason hand signal.  So is ✌.  It has nothing to do with peace.  It’s also not a V for victory.  Creating a diamond shape with both hands is also a British Freemason hand signal.  The British use different religions and secret societies for espionage.  They’ve been doing this for hundreds of years.  Some of the secret societies are Freemasonry, Ancient Order of Druids, United Ancient Order of Druids, Skull and Bones, Scroll and Key, Wolf’s Head, Shriners International, Red Cross of Constantine, Knights of Malta, Knights Templar, Illuminati, Theosophical Society, Knights of the Golden Circle, Thelema and various Rosicrucian societies—Ancient and Mystical Order Rosæ Crucis, Order of the Golden and Rosy Cross, Rosicrucian Society of England and Hermetic Order of the Golden Dawn.  The DOD, CIA, FBI, NSA, Hollywood, the KKK, Mormonism, the thirteenth amendment and the (not) Federal Reserve were created by our enemy—the British.  Oh, the sixteenth amendment as well, which was never ratified.  All of history is a lie.  Everything we’re told about current events is a lie.  Even when we are told the truth, we’re lied to.  This is done by omission.  Our war for independence never ended.  Spread the word.  We are at war.  MI6/DOD always use the same few tricks when trying to obscure the truth.  1.  Mental illness—You’re crazy.  Take your pills.  Take your meds.  Looney.  Your mind is falling apart.  Is this an episode?  Go push your crazy conspiracy theories somewhere else.  Schizo rant.  Seek professional help.  2.  Drug addict—Meth is a hell of a drug.  Are you high?  Don’t do drugs, kids.  What drugs are you on?  3.  Stupidity/ignorance—You’re an idiot.  Have you ever read a history book?  Dumb take.  You’re slow.  Did you fail school?  4.  Liar/troll—This is a bunch of lies.  You’re lying.  Troll.  Found the troll.  Stop lying.   5.  Laughter—Haha.  You’re funny.  lol.  That’s hilarious.  Bro decided to write a college essay, lol.  6.  Indifference—Oh well.  Who cares?  Not my problem.  Cool story, bro.  Blah, blah, blah.    Sometimes an MI6/DOD account will claim I’m working for Mossad, which is funny.  Again, Israel is a British colony.  If the media lies and governments lie, it’s considered truth by most people, but if intelligent people look into the lie, they are called conspiracy theorists.  Here’s a useful tip.  Every time you’re called a conspiracist, do more research, and ask more questions.  You are being kept in the dark, and there are full departments working on limiting your ability to think.  “Conspiracy theorist” is used to end conversation, logical analysis and rational thinking.  Ultimately, it's an obfuscation ploy and tool of deception used by those with something to hide—usually criminality.  Also, MI6/DOD have spent decades associating conspiracy theories with so-called mental illness.  That falls under number 1, mental illness, in their list of tricks to obscure the truth.
@7:58. We would see the TMD system used again in the Taipei 101 back in 2004.
Praised for addressing the problem as soon as possible?  You think he had a choice? Remain quiet and face the almost certain death of thousands of people? This all upsets me to a certain degree. Come up with a fancy design that kicks out some of the most important components of a building, and then eliminate countless vertical braces to accomodate that weak design. And then don't do 360 degree calculations?  BS
One of your very best projects.  Thannk you.
One of the worst “If you want it done right do it yourself” jumpscares for engineers i’ve heard of in a while
That would be so scary, but thank God he looked to make sure he was in the Wrong.
Man. And I get nervous when I make a $200 screw up
Is...isn't that how the dome in Santa Maria del fiore handles its weight more or less?
You missed the part of a story of how an undergraduate student figured it out.  Her hame is Diane Hartley.  She is the one who asked the question.
Another brilliant video Derrick! I lived in NYC for 5 years (2017-2023) and never knew about this.
We need to bring old New York back
I said yes
Amazing story👌
Reminds me of Millennium tower in San Francisco so scary they basically just letting it tilt over
Absolute BANGER!
It seems more stable if your trying to tip the chair straight back as opposed to diagonally
I’m glad you covered on of my favorite New York Stories
LeMessurier certainly did the right thing, but whoever chose to keep it a secret from the public acted unethically, in my view. While there may have been no need to incite panic, deciding whether to accept a risk to one’s life is not a choice anyone should make on behalf of others. I don’t know who made that call, but what authority did they have to withhold that information? The public should have been fully informed of the risks and allowed to decide for themselves. Anyone who wanted to relocate during the repairs should have had their expenses covered by Citicorp. By keeping it quiet, they likely saved a significant amount of money. But risks posed by private enterprises to the public should never be concealed—such decisions must not be left in corporate hands.
Just curious. If you entered an elevator that you can't choose the floor you are going to get and with each floor having a pedestal in the middle with a different number like, you got floor 78 and number 85 but you can't choose the floor next after that. How do you increase the probability chances of you getting into a loop?  Just curious but please answer, this is from a 2 years old video of yours that i am curious of if i am just going delusional.
Does anyone know the current occupancy rate of the Citicorp building?
Why the 30th floor?
You don't have to be an engineer to see that it's an unstable building.
What if humans did complicated math in their head?
Tufts university spotted :D
What's interesting is that the tuned mass damper system was used in an F1 car (the FW14 to be exact). It dampened lateral energy and was so effective that it was banned.
NO IT WASN'T AN ENGINEERING PROBLEM.   IT WAS A STUPID PROBLEM.   CREATED BY.  A BUNCH OF.  BLIND STUPID PEOPLE.            William s
So just out of curiosity, have there been 110km winds in NYC since it was all fixed?
That church looks like it was built for north Korea
If I could make a Veritasium future video suggestion unrelated to this video... a lot (most?) of young people are online and... frankly, they're dangerously inexperienced, about a lot of things. But scams is close to the top. You could make a big community service contribution by describing various PYRAMID schemes and how they work -- and how they prey upon people. The internet has opened up Pandora's Box of scams, and pyramid schemes (or any cash up-front schemes) are rife. Yes, this includes gambling and the stock market. We need to educate people on how to recognize scams -- of all kinds -- and not wind up a victim. My two cents.
Please stop using the metric system especially when it comes to a building in America we use the imperial system thank you
I always thought this building was kinda stupid looking but it's cool to learn the reasons it looks that way and all the engineering that went into it.
Good for the designer for owning his blind spots and mistakes well after the building was built.. Many would be too proud and wouldn't even be open to reviewing their own design after the fact. I'd definitely hire that guy if I was building a skyscraper..
That architect is not a good person.
It's a travesty that they replaced the old Gothic church with what they did. The rest is just more ornate stupidity.
The new church is ugly af. Why don't you have some respect for culture, heritage and history?
Fun fact: Lemessurier is derivative from the French family name Lemesurier which means "the measurer".
4:02 he never played bridge constructor.
On site decision to swap bolted for welded, first thing that came to mind was the Kansas City walkway where they made a 'minor modification' to the suspension rods supporting the walkway.
“Everyone then who hears these words of mine and does them will be like a wise man who built his house on the rock. And the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat on that house, but it did not fall, because it had been founded on the rock. And everyone who hears these words of mine and does not do them will be like a foolish man who built his house on the sand. And the rain fell, and the floods came, and the winds blew and beat against that house, and it fell, and great was the fall of it.” -Matthew 7:24-27
Diane Hartley, a Princeton University undergraduate student, and Lee DeCarolis, an architecture student at the New Jersey Institute of Technology (NJIT), discovered and/or raised the issue.
Wouldn't go anywhere near that building
Yeah and you douche bags thought the black plastic balls going into SF's water reservoir was "safe". You have no credibility
The more you Spend the more you Save Right?
No way, was this really the first use of TMD’s ?!?!
Hmm dumb church
This was really interesting. But one of the thoughts i have is that the main problem was with the church making them design and build this building 😂
That so called Church building was not crumbling. That beautiful Old World building that they tore down was marvelous.
So this whole mess happened because of the decision to use bolts instead of welding?
What happens when the damper can’t be maintained or repaired.
Its sad that he considered ending it due to the failings despite the fact the flaw was not his fault but that of others trying to cut costs.
It is as if corrupt criminality played a part, was trumpf involved at some stage? Yeah we know, always Felon47.
I think he called the welders and yelled  YOU HAD ONE JOB!!
i have to admit, i Really like the concept of a building that doesn't obstruct pedestrians. You can still walk there, just that there's a skyscraper above your head
I'm a pilot.   We consider wind turbulence from buildings, trees, anything, from ALL DIRECTIONS for most landings.   You can land on a runway, in the same direction every day of the week, then One Day, the wind is coming in from the line of trees near the runway.   It's never normally anything to worry about, but on THAT DAY, you've got massive turbulence and wind shear.  Pilots think about the CONSEQUENCES of wind from different directions Every Minute.    It is shocking and surprising building engineers don't consider a different direction as routine business.
cool thanks, I think my video and audio skipped a couple of times?
Designed by drugs 😂  Far out 🤟🏻💨
What were they smoking when they came up with that design.. 🫣
New church looked like a POS.
So you can't make a multi-ton building that goes 1,000 ft in the air and then put two sticks at the bottom to hold it all up, who would have known that that is amazing.
I graduated IT but I just realized, this topic would have been probabaly one of those "boring topics" as a student if it were ever discusses in my class.   but the way this video deliver keep me interested and wanting for more. I hope in the future, we find a way to make class as interesting as making a video to YT 😂
Did it even fall
Thanks 4 ⭐️ Reportage!  Still, why only use 4 "Welds" in the first place, regardless of what's "ok"!??  Even a basic math skilled teenager knows the "gravity" of nature is always x2-4 times the "theory"!!!!  Then this whole story would have already been calculated to "Support" the building!  But also really want to Celebrate both the New Architectural Design Achievements and the Steps with those Wind "Off-Loader". And last but not least this Engineer's Courage to Public Safety before any Foolish "Proud"!!!  A Real Engineer Hero!!!
That building still does not look safe to be in.
This whole thing should be on the tragedy that they destroyed that old church?? That is insane we are literally eradicating our own history and efforts of our ancestors. I'm not even religious but pieces of history like that should be preserved.
As always, great documentary from Veritasium. Pity that the building owner wouldn't give them access to the building. The owners should be proud that this building can be considered as a living legend for the engineering community.   Also, I think the same documentary should be done with the World Trade Center buildings. With current events, it's very valid to question all of the so-called "scientific" official reports. I really wonder what's the opinion of structural engineers including the firm that designed them, since their design "failed" and costed so many lives.
El profesor de la chava tenía razón que quien había hecho eso no sabía
The amount of time I've heard of people replacing welding with bolts and it causing massive issues because no one ever recalculated the impact of the changes is absurd.
I'm never entering this building. Also rip gothic structures. That modern building design is such a disgrace
Architecture = absolutely stunning! Structural Engg = Lord help me.
TUNED MASS DAMPERS!!!!!! YEAHHHH!!!!!!
they wanted to cut cost on a 59 stories tall building's STRUCTURE in the middle of the city 💀💀
It takes character to admit a major mistake and make it right.  In my doctoral work, I had to throw out three whole participants’ data.  I was asked, why were they removed.  I said, because I messed up the study method with them.  Anyway, starting over…
"So we had a Press blackout, and ot was the greatest thing that ever happened." Pfft😂
I canoe in a little lake that has a weir/dam at one end. One day while paddling I starting thinking about how much force was pushing on the weir and how one would determine it. This experiment demonstrates exactly what I wanted to know, well done. Thinking about it further,  if there is a strong wing pushing waves against the weir, that would increase the pressure too. Am I right?
❤
❤
Here in Vancouver in a major fault zone alot of the new highrises are built on a handful of tinny stilts and every time I look at one I go if we get a 9.0 quake those buildings are doomed!!!
I'm not necessarily religious, but I gotta chuckle at how this magnum opus technically tore down and was then built atop a house of God, only for it to later be discovered that it was a disaster in the making, potentially threatening thousands of lives.  It legitimately SOUNDS like a story you would read from the Bible.😂
stupid engineer taking too much risk that is not worth doing
What these men did was incredibly heroic, and I would hope that I would do as they did if I was in their situation.  But. I don’t mean to be that guy, but I think it’s important for people to understand.  _Someone_ in charge still bent their morals horribly, for the _possibility_ of looking better- over the lives of thousands of people. Or were incredibly dim, and I severely hope that someone was morally bankrupt, because the alternative is worse.  My reasoning is simple; as someone familiar enough with the job of welding, and knowing the quality of steel they would need for this job, and where that steel has to come from.  They could have procured the steel, the welders, and welded the repairs on in less than 48 hours.  It would just mean that everyone in Manhattan is going to know about your mistake, and judge you for it. And it would cost you more money.  The reality is they waited, just working at night in secret, and scared the staff at the Red Cross excruciatingly, over the alternative- Cutting your losses, hiring every good pipeline welder in the state, call all the good steel yards in the state, spending the money, and fixing the problem. Much, much faster. Someone made that choice. Someone took a calculate risk, and it payed off.  But my phrasing betrays me. I see what happened as a _risk_ by someone. But I _know_ I don’t have as much information as they did.   Still, I don’t know if I would do differently. I’m not trying to pass judgment on the actions that everyone made, just trying to show people that there was not just one choice they could have made. And that all choice is more immensely complex than we can even imagine. Peace.
Is this really the first modern building with tmd?
I don't understand how this was even allowed to be built, Its honestly one of the ugliest buildings I've seen, especially the church, In my history of structures class we talked about how this is exactly what you do not want to do. Its like a 12 year old scientologist built something in minecraft.
Diane Hartley
Sick! R5 Buster Sword
S1E4 of Numb3rs was based on this building.
Henry van dyck, gorgeous men
The brutalist the brutalist movie is really codes for the Jews to escape in their bunkers and wait till the day of light through their upside down crosses on the top of those buildings are showing light and testing the radiation to go outside to start the recent of the world That's what that movie was from and I don't know what this distractions about but someone please verify my findings in my viewing from rolling this year in January that I saw that movie and I've been saying it for ever since and I predicted that they're going to win the Oscars and everything and how that is operated and no one's listening to me
Bridges, power lines, and ships, but Tuned Mass Dampers hadn’t been used in any buildings yet?  Have you heard of the CN Tower?  It’s used TMD and it was built first.  But it’s not in Amurka, so it doesn’t count.
And this is why I would have  never liked working as a building Engineer : too much weight on you shoulders. ONE building collapse and it's dominos
Lots of people upset about the church - buildings get old and become expensive to maintain over time. Plenty of gothic churches still exist within Europe and North America. Calm down.
Yeah I wouldn't want to work in that building ... it'll finally tip over eventually ... not in the near future but ... a trimmer from an earthquake or over time with the high winds ... when was  that  built in the 70s lol  yeah the church had all the rights of being there ... that's why they built them a new church why they didn't want to leave it's cuz it's New York City you know how much the real estate in New York City is 4 million + low end lol 😢
Seeing the title made me think of that giant office building they had to basically replace every bolt in over nights, because the ones they used were very inadequate for the task and no one working there really caught onto the whole "don't shake too much. Or you'll break the toothpicks keeping the building together" 😂😂😂  I wonder if it's the same story 🤔🤔🤔 (this will be my work ""music"")
As someone who works as a project coordinator for a steel fabricator that has made some of the largest buildings in the north eastern US, this video was amazing!
Let those words be a lesson to all: "You must do something."
Everybody's freaking out about how the welds were replaced with bolts when this is actually very common for structural steel buildings and the issue was rather that the wind loads weren't calculated properly and a safety factor was missed.
Hello @veritasium  I watched this video because I wanted to participate in your test on the video, but I can't find it now. 😢
probably he interfered with divine things when he destroyed the church
I want you to find the welders and interview them
How the world has changed... now if you do something like this, you will get worse than fired for it.  And the very first thing that company will do after dragging you out and throwing your personal effects in the trashcan is start a smear campaign so that *when* that building falls you get taken to court for mass murder, breach of contract, and the destruction of the entire 10km block that fell in its wake.  I didn't design a building, but it did happen to me.
Wasn't it a student of his that brought it to his attention?
I might be out of context but the comment that a TMD has not been used in building before may not be right. Years ago while traveling in I recall visiting a ancient wood temple that had a massive log hung from the roof and suspended down it's center. It's purpose was to counter the effect of earthquakes on the temple. If my memory is correct that would be at least one example of a TMD being used in a terrestrial building before the Citicorp construction.
Only in Capitalism and to preserve theocracy. The same money could have built thousands of low rise apartments.
I grew up in the area during that time and the story always began with “Engineering student saves Citicorp Tower from falling over”. It would have been nice if you had led with the student story rather than leave it to the end of your video.
It's insane the lengths people are forced to go to in 'respecting' the wishes of fully mature adults whoa insist that their imaginary friend is real, and spend vast amounts of tax-exempt money erecting special buildings for holding group conversations with nobody.
The hubris, the stupidity, the arrogance, the pride, the superiority complex, these people are monsters.
im so mad they changed the church
"200,000 people lived and worked in the surrounding area." LMAO, come on Veritasium, you're better than this. Imagine that skyscraper somehow taking out 200,000 people. It would have to fall on its side and roll around the city.
Great engineering, but it is such an ugly building
The public should have known. The first phone call should have been to the Mayor.
Monty Python did a comedy skit about a building designed on a central pillar system. As the architect was showing a model of the apartment building to the owners, it leaned to one side, the bottom floors fell off and it caught fire. The owners looked at each other and said, “Well they’re not meant to be luxury flats. If our tenants are relatively sedentary and given a spot of good weather, I think we’ve got a winner.” Then the building exploded.
They could have just built a normal building
10:05
I actually heard Lemessurier talk about this in person when I was a student in structural mechanics at MIT in the 80's. It was one of the most memorable events for me at that time.
I actually heard Lemessurier talk about this in person when I was a student in structural mechanics at MIT in the 80's. It was one of the most memorable events for me at that time.
just took statics in college, epic video and engineer
So Lemesure had failed with the meassure....
It's cool that he checked and supplemented the information, and corrected everything, well done! But I believe that the mistake was on the part of the construction company, not the engineer, since he was designing welding, not bolts.
... it's safe to say that the architect le measured a lot of times and cut once😜
Total arrogance
I wouldn't go in that building
18:27 CERTIFIED MAINE MOMENT WOOOO Also this video is so incredibly fascinating as someone interested in architecture, my goodness
"Old crumbling" best building in New York
I don't know what's gone wrong with my "targeted" adverts, but this very interesting vid is being interrupted repeatedly by adverts for a hair serum to prevent long hair from falling out. Considering my buzz cut and beanie personal style, I'm getting a bit tired of it.
All because that church was being stubborn! Jk lol
6:03 I think I accidentally skipped too far 💀💀
So, they replaced a beautiful but old gothic church for a lame polygon and a prism. I hate modern architecture So Damn Much.
How is the error at all LeMessurier’s fault? He wanted the braces welded to begin with. Even if it had collapsed I fail to see where he has any culpability.
My dad was a welder. Over the years, he was promoted to the shift supervisor. When Three Mile Island had the leak he was shaken because he said it happened in the section of the reactor he was supervising. Even up to his death a few years ago he had a lot of remorse and wondered if he contributed to the disaster.
1:39 this is a crime against humanity. The old church was beautiful. The new thing looks like something out of the 1960s Soviet Union.
Manhattan has enough tall buildings already. Enough is enough they block too much direct sunlight for plants and people. Blocking window views. So depressing.
Dude was really called lameasure
These videos are really nicely producecd. It is a brilliant idea that someone else rather than Derek goes on site and still Derek himself acts as the narrator. You can share the workload, but the viewer still feels this is a Veritasium film! Very nicely done!
If he was truly owning up to the mistake he would have had the reconstruction done around the clock, as it could have been completed well in time without the secrecy.
I was confused by the two guys having so similiar voice. And they also look similiar and have a similiar narration role. Are they the same guy? Im clueless.
fine, ill watch the damn video
So, a skyscraper on stilts designed by an engineer who apparently played Jenga with Manhattan? You'd think 'stilts' would be more of a Florida beach house vibe, not a 'potentially pancaking thousands' situation in NYC. Huge respect to Bill LeMessurier for catching that fatal flaw – talk about a plot twist worthy of a disaster movie! And the fact that the biggest threat was quartering winds? Mother Nature really said, 'Let's hit 'em from the side, they'll never see it coming.' The whole 'Project Serene' with secret night-shift welding is peak cloak-and-dagger stuff. Glad they pulled it off before Hurricane Ella decided to redecorate downtown. What a wild ride of engineering hubris and last-minute saves!
"You have to weld them together, you understand? Weld them together!" - "Okay, we use bolts."  I don't want to be the one who decided that.
Wait. Wasn't it an engineering student that noticed the flaw? Or is that a different building?
24:40 "you don't need to spread terror in the community to people that don't need to be terrorized; we were terrorized" the absolute psychopathy in this statement is why the world distrusts engineers. This man knows the building is a danger, and knows there will be consequences if it topples, yet he only sees it as an issue for himself. He stands to lose his status, whereas all the commonfolk who trusted him only stand to lose their lives - mere numbers on a spreadsheet, a causation of the former. Maybe he should have published those findings and taken a drive on the turnpike, so an actual human could have fixed the oversight.
Wow, what an insane story and a testament to what an engineer should do when he realises there is a serious mistake. Imagine if Boeing did the same? 🤔
ew, that new church looks like crap, id be insulted. bring back my gothic architecture, please.
Meanwhile most developers/architects around the world would have been like, Force Majeure 🥂
I'm never going into a skyscraper ever again. 🥴
Massive?
LeMessurier didn't correctly measure, the irony.
Good thing we don't kill kilometers in America.
28:54 Diane Hartley, female student, was the hero of this story.
Is it moral to have hidden this to people?
ive a question it apperared in my physics exam and almost 50% students choosed a and 50 % choosed b heres the question: A coil in an ac generator is parallel to magnetic field lines at t=0 then till t=1 the coil has completed 2 rotations draw the graph of how the emf output from generator looks like FROM T=O to T=1. Does it look like a] two sine waves b]two cosine waves. Can u tell the correct answer
TMDs have to to be make names and replaced don’t they?
That bend in the path of Hurricane Ella is awfully sharp…maybe someday we’ll hear about the secret time travel mission to redirect the path of the hurricane and save New York 😆
Way doo it simple want you can make it stupid 😂😂😂🎉
My dad used to work in this building and he was always afraid to go to work.
Make a more interesting video
Great to see what persons and organizations can do when they need to. To fix this kind of problem in six weeks? Impressive!
Just imagine how he felt when he went through all that calculation again…
What the building lacked in structural integrity LeMessurier had in moral integrity. How many people would’ve just kept this under wraps so they wouldn’t need to fix it?
Not enough money to do it right but plenty of money to fix it ig😂
You should do a video on microchips. Like how tf do they make them as incredibly small as they do
> Hire guy named Measure > He gets the measurements wrong
Dear Veritasium team, My name is Gabriel. I'm a physicist living in China and a fan of the channel. I rarely comment, but there's an amateur dissident paper that's been causing quite a stir here in Beijing, it's related to this subject, and I thought you might be interested in taking a look.   At first glance, it seems naive—almost ridiculous—but upon closer examination, it makes a few compelling points. It's grounded in experimental evidence, and that makes it difficult to dismiss.  The core idea is quite simple: the author argues that Boltzmann's model of heat is incorrect, based on the results of three independent experiments. From this premise, they propose an alternative—a relativistic model of heat. Building on that, the paper draws connections between what the author calls "heat-spacetime," the electric field, the magnetic field, and mass, using Einstein’s and Maxwell-Ampère's equations.  For example: Q = MC² ∇ × B = (M/Q) ∂E/∂t  In this context, Q represents "heat-spacetime"—essentially, a half-step toward a unified field theory.  We've been trying to disprove it, but so far, we can’t. We realize the only way forward is to replicate the experiments. I thought it was fascinating, and since it's so simple and rooted in empirical evidence, I figured you might want to check it out.  Best regards, Gabriel
So WHY didn’t the SENIER ENGINEER (s) CHECK all the calculations done by HIS office? Ridiculous!
My dad worked in this building just after completion. He said it swayed like crazy. Dad was a Local 608 carpenter. He worked in every big skyscraper in Manhattan.
I love theseee
okay this was interesting
The natural logarithm of (e to the eth power) is simply e. As the filamentous photon approaches the singularity part of its conformation, it is forced to turn back to the compressed areas of its conformation that it had just left, and that had a compressive force, the loss of which is effectively attractive.  The square root of (e + 1/e), a split-complex numbers manipulation of the rarefying tensor from Doyle's constant (e to the [e + 1/e] power), is what holds a photon together.  Considering these concepts for a Big Bounce event, the natural logarithm of (e to the eth power - things are forced to align) = e is the Big Crunch numerator to the square root of (e + 1/e) Big Bang event denominator. This is important in understanding an aspect of division. This is how we can mathematically understand how filaments of light work, dynamically. This is how we literally see light. It also exposes "creationism" as being wrong.  Sorry for being off topic.  It's important knowledge.
Because of a 7A(K!n9 church, thousands could've died.
My engineering friend after completing engineering in COVID all through online lectures
Why would revealing it potentially ruin him? it wasn't his idea to use bolts. The fault lies with his firm that allowed changes without doing the proper math.
So it was fine, then? pointless video.
Is this video a repost of an older video? It looks so familiar…
god the firm is so dumb
"Old crumbling gothic church" and it's the most elegant building you've ever seen
He's not the hero. An architectural   I lived across the street from that building. I'm 2018 they closed down the base (Atrium, food court, etc) for "improvements".  Bur we know better now. 💯
Wow wow wow hold up!!! According to MULTIPLE SOURCES, TMD was used already WAAAAY BEFORE here in this NYC building! Even when you look at the TMDs wikipedia site, you can see that there is, for example, mention about OUR CZECH TOWER JEŠTĚD , which was constructed with TMD in 1973, where as this building was built AT BEST 4 years later!!!!  This video is amazing and all, but GOD DAMMIT, check your informations properly next time!!!! >:(. I know even doubt that this guy invented the TMD when it was used already way earlier.... :/
Despite being Mechanical engineer, and not Civil engineer, we've been learning this semester about the stresses in beams, and also in beam systems, and my god, the combination of the added knowledge and hopefully being engineer in the future, this is both wild and scary :D . Peak video Veritasium, amazing work!
early poly bridge player in real life 😂
The V-shaped base at 270 Park Ave. in Manhattan was concerning me under construction as you have the Ramapo fault running through 125th St. less than 2 miles away No: 98th St. dip down 60 feet to 100 street  An earthquake in the 1890s took out a considerable part of Brooklyn. It begins with the Reading prong, and then goes to the Ramapo fault which goes out into the Atlantic Ocean.  I am not Joe, but I would not have suggested building the building like that  There was a 5.4 earthquake 60 miles away near Lebanon, New Jersey in 2024  Route 80 has been shut down for two months 20 miles away  Does anybody have an extra low frequency map of the area?
I heard a different story about this, a student found this and then made this known to the engineer
I was under the impression the architect learned of the issue from a female student who had found this risk via calculations she did. Are we just erasing women's part in this story, or did I miss it because I was multi tasking?  Edit: Nvm it's at like the very very end of the video
This is a great article for people like me who has no idea what goes into building a building.
As a video editor, I was more amazed how they put these graphics, illustrtion, story telling together.
Admitting a huge mistake is one of the hardest things for anyone to do.
safety rules written wih blood
All that hassle for an ugly church and building. Not surprised tho, The U-S-S-A do be weird for such a young country.
16:24 i'm a engineering student and for my logic it looks like you need 5 bolts, not 4. I may be wrong but im preety sure about this one
I tried watching this twice, but can't understand a thing in the wind load section. Sigh. Had to move on from this video.
26:40 Subhanallah 😌
A piece of me wants to see how the buildibgs toppel into each other like its "domino day"...
ENGINEERING is the only profession that needs to live in the  absolute  reality of guarantees, when using, Energy Mass, Time. All else are myths, illusions, fantasies, beliefs, opinions, symbols, images , shadows of fiction and truth, which excite emotions which are  limited to the boundaries of the human mind, normally flared by the symbols of an artificial  language.  To be of any use to humanity, all that exists in the human mind, must be supported by ENGINEERING, through using Energy, Mass, Time, including what I am writing at the moment. Even concepts in the human mind needs biological  engineering support .   All people live in an illusion. No one goes around bare and naked as s/he was born,  being just himself or herself. Everyone wraps and wears an engineering device to enhance self abilities and projects a fictitious, imagined personality with the engineering attachments worn, as shoes , socks, clothes, hats, decorations, cars, bicycles, knives and forks, baths, cars, aircraft, ships and space capsules, homes and hotels and trains and make up.  No one goes around being himself, or herself,  we all wear and wrap around us an engineering mask, camouflage or utilities and comfort.  All money, in order to be useful and valuable, and not remain just a mythical concept, must be exchanged into engineering items, including, land , medicine, tools, even birth control and personal hygiene items, for males and females.  The most popular subjects at schools, universities, social services,  churches, are those subjects which have no tangible items and no guarantee. Engineers are the least popular in most countries/educational institutions, Management, Accountancy, Law, Philosophies, Psychology. Politics, Diplomacy , Religion, Entertainers, Actors, Art,  are the most popular, for the simple reason that nothing is ever guranteed, nor delivered to any tight time schedule and standard.    Engineering is the only profession where a human person must stay with " his patient" all the time, unlike medical and social and legal and political. military, management  professions where  nature helps the patient to heel in the absence of  "social workers". who deal with language and emotions. Most people go through life just operating engineering devices after they read the checklist written by engineers  on  what to push  and pull and switch on and off, People in every country pay more those professions who sell them illusions, indulgencies and emotions. and tip the bartender, the waiter but never an engineer who built all their surroundings . .
This story is filled with acts of god. The ONLY argument against the divine having put their thumb on the scale, is that they somehow allowed that abominable post-modern church to replace the old one. I for one think the building collapsing upon it would have been a perfectly divine poetic justice.
Hey...just saying, a bit of a content warning might not be amiss. There's a lot of talk about catastrophic thinking stemming from making mistakes, and explicit talk about someone taking their own life to avoid an anxiety-ridden decision. I'm a DM, so I might be overtuned to safety tools and checking people's triggers, but it never hurts.
"You don't want to spread terror in the community to people who don't need to be terrorised" - Like the thousands of people turning up for work every day in an unsafe building? Or those who might be passing when it falls?  Zero morals, but why am I surprised?  Handy that ALL the press in NY went on strike just as he was about to release the facts, eh?
The old crumbling gothic church was way cooler than this modern day future jetson stilt toppler
Just because you can doesn't necessarily mean you should
Don’t see anything in the world that you should be commenting on history might remember
Can you guys please explain to us how on earth all of Spain & Portugal lost power?
A fascinating story, told more than once, but so far none as well as this. Bravo!
who the hell would replace a gothic church???? WITH A GREY BLOCK??? and then build that monstrosity beside it 😭😭😭
Imagine coming into the building where you worked yesterday and something's a little bit different every day, and then you start noticing the small details as if there were repairs being done every night but no one talked about it... creepy
"he discovered" no, a woman worked out and told him! And don't scream or about the church, neo gothic buildings are so common it's not that much is a loss
Talk about cutting corners! 😂
I live by a nice "st peters church" too so this is sad to see a gothic church get replaced with that thing. New York, 😞
RIP the church
Have you ever heard of a kingdom that exists outside of time and space?
We are in fact evolving the wrong direction.
Nice mob farm you got there bro
Lemessurier is an awesome engineer
Okay hate usa all you want (even I do) but even their screw ups are absolutely fascinating.   In my country, buildings collapse due to corruption. Not much to talk about really, let alone a veritasium video.
Im a filmmaker and videographer with an emphasis in video editing. I applied to be a viceo editor at Veritasium. I was not hired; if I i had been, the catastrophic story ruining error that is in this video would have been caught and corrected 😅
Minecraft mob grindee
The church is an example of the countless intentional destruction of our history, replaced with the current post modern secular brutalist the bolsheviks love
"this would kill thousands" and still they decided to take the slower route and risk hurricane season. Pathetic. These people should've been prosecuted and jailed.
this channel in the past 2 years has been delivering bangers!
Derek, would love a video on spinors—but skip the belt trick! It’s clever, but it doesn’t feel like what a spinor is. What if we visualized a spinor as a 4D object, where its 3D slice changes with rotation? A “spinner” that only resets after 720°, morphing as you move around it—maybe in AR/VR like Vision Pro. Let us see and feel spinor space.
Wow
But this is not a story of engineering heroism nor success. This is a story of greed and how it could all have ended in massive disaster and plenty of deaths because of cutting corners--metaphorically and also literally--on a multi-million dollar project.
So what is the effect of a fire on those beams on the thirtieth floor ?
So they might have finished before hurricane season if they had also worked the day shift and didn’t bother with the secrecy, cleaning, drywalling? How is this guy still elevated for risking everyone again by staying quiet?
So basically, some idiot designed a tower a way he literally didn't have to and was shocked when it's bound to fall over. I thought them college folk were supposed to be smart😂
I don't buy into the "we did not want to create an alarm". There was a risk, even if not immediate, and I believe it would have been just right to inform the patrons, and let them take their informed decision.
Can you do a video on the Venus project
A simple solution would have been to rotate the building 90 degrees.  That way the building would have been supported at the corners
If you ever built with blocks as a child, you would have figured it out before this guy did. Sheesh...what a stupid design.
The undercover repairs is similar to how the Twin Towers were rigged.
such a shame of that old church. looked way beter than any of the things that replaced it
My god, they took down that beautiful old church to build a new, ugly ass building on top and around a horrific new church. I've said it for quite some time now, man's inherent greed and ego   is indeed why mankind is doomed. And no, I'm not joking.
Id wager if you took 100 kids from all over the world past this building A good majoirty of them would be dumbfounded at why its built like tbat
"City Corp" sounds like an evil corporation that operates in the Robocop or Judge Dredd universe.
It is ironic that LaMessurier is the guy, who did the “measurements”
What i love about veritassium is his confidence as an artist, you can tell he loves his work because he never waffles on what to title the videos or what to use as the thumbnail, not one to constantly second guess himself based on what others think
They destroyed a church and built whatever they wanted at the time😅
Just because you can, doesn't mean you should. At the end of the day a historic church was destroyed and replaced with an ugly and potentially unsafe building
Omg they knocked down that epic neo gothic church for a concrete block? Why. The. HELL do we let architects get away with this nonsense? We're the one's who lose our collective history and vintage architecture just to these horrible modern obscenities. Almost every modern building now looks the same: too much glass (terrible for cooling/heating), concrete, sharp lines, no soul.   Also, the idea that you can't tell the public cause it'll cause a "mass panic" is false, it's really dangerous not to tell people vital safety info because when they are told the truth or advised to do something (e.g. evacuate), they won't believe you. In reality, that's just the engineers by-word for "I don't want to face angry workers, so I won't tell the truth until everything is sorted, when _I_ feel safe and less anxious". Our natural human response to avoid conflict causes loss of trust, a far more dangerous thing (as seen in politics in the US especially now with depolitisisation).
Wind load measured in tons? Tension measured in tons? 😮
Structural Challenges and Bracing Design 00:00 – Introduction and Discovery of Structural Flaw 02:21 – Design Constraints and Chevron Bracing System 04:38 – Wind Load Management with Chevron Bracing  Sway Mitigation and Building Performance 06:30 – Building Sway and Tuned Mass Damper Concept 08:32 – Implementation of Tuned Mass Damper and Building Reception  Structural Analysis and Risk Discovery 11:25 – Discovery of Bolted Brace Connections 12:58 – Reevaluating Wind Loads and Structural Design 15:22 – Critical Flaw in Wind Load Calculations and Bolt Insufficiency 16:42 – Dynamic Wind Effects and Increased Structural Risk  Crisis Management and Emergency Response 18:32 – Moral Dilemma and Decision to Act 20:19 – Emergency Repair Planning and Execution 21:42 – Evacuation Planning and Structural Monitoring  Crisis Response and Communication 22:41 – Communication Challenges and Solutions 24:20 – Managing Crisis and Completing Repairs  Engineering Legacy and Ethics 27:25 – Engineering Innovations and Impact 29:06 – Investigation and Student Involvement 31:49 – Engineering Ethics and Legacy
Key Insights  8:00 - The integration of innovative structural bracing and damping technologies was crucial to overcoming the unprecedented architectural constraints and ensuring the building's safety. 20:49 - The engineering oversight in structural connections directly led to a covert emergency response that balanced technical repair with public safety concerns. 32:19 - The Citicorp building incident illustrates how engineering ethics and innovative structural solutions intersect to ensure public safety and advance architectural design.
Beautifull outcome! Strong Architekt for not giving up but to take responsability! Big balls move by the way from the Owner of the building!
Your videos are the best science videos. Please make a Rubik cube vídeo ❤😊
Your video: engineers have the right to potentially kill tens of thousands of people without telling them because ... science. DELETE YOUR CHANNEL. You, Speer, oppenheimer, yall are the same.
“The first time in history an engineer came to an architect and said lets make this job harder”… bruh..  you obviously dont know any engineers
The old church should've been protected and restored. So much for protecting historical landmarks. GG government.
Old crumbling church??? That building looked a lot better than the cube they built...
great video
17:38 The eyes have it.
After the 1993 WTC bombing and 9/11 I wonder if the bigger concern is how vulnerable that building seems to be to terrorism. Unlike very tall buildings not built on stilts, it seems like this would be comparatively easy to take out one of the legs and collapse the whole building. Something that surely wasn't planned for in the 1970s but would make me very wary to work or live in the area or in the building.
Engineering is an evolving science. Witness the quartering winds calculation is now required by code, What comes next? Uplifting winds? This is why there is always a safety factor applied to the engineering. The confidence in calculations is so high, we no longer use a 2x safety factor because the construction cost is prohibitive. Unfortunately, the science of grading the materials used in construction is being compromised by corruption in certification testing. Witness China. Substandard steel & concrete is being used and buildings are collapsing. Everywhere the corruption is allowed to take hold, the culture stagnates. Stopping corruption must be the #1 priority for humanity to prosper. Passing laws and punishing corruption is great, but there needs to be a strong incentive to shun corruption. That incentive is the allocation of resources to keep people honest. Human rights like safe working conditions & free speech are the bedrock of progress.
As a scientist, I know how easy it is to make mistakes, and that even experts are imperfect humans. That said, I work in a field where no one's health or safety relies on my calculations. Much respect to structural and civil engineers, and similar disciplines.
cloud strife needs to chill out
I think it’s still going to topple.
suits office
This is hands down my favorite Ve video
I gave a presentation on the same case study in my uni a month ago
Like I always say, 'LeMessurier twice. Cut once.'  But for real, as a non-architect, not measuring wind from the corners seems insane. I hope wind tunnel tests are required for things like this now.
So sad they brought down that amazing gothic church.
R.E.S.P.O.N.S.I.B.I.L.I.T.Y ! ! !
My old building!   Miss you NY ❤
I don't believe he didn't know about bolts instead of welds.
amazing cuh!
omg the press blackout LOL
So a stool 3:07
This is why I don’t wanna be an architect, because of bollocks like this!
RIP that beautiful architectural masterpiece of a church.
People inside should be scared
All I can say is that August will be an interesting month.
never played Jenga, I guess.
2:59 I actually want a chair like this, now. It seems optimal for foot placement.
That church looks like a brutalilist prison
My brain goes to 2 columns diagonal from each other & the center column going up thru the structure, but I know nothing about architecture...so lolo
No one mentioning how an architect is named Lemessiour or the Measurer
THIS is why I do everything myself. He knew welding would take care of everything.....but then someone else decided to use bolts, and got wrong how many would be needed. LeMessurier figured it out and had it DONE. Then someone else came along and f*cked it up. This has happened to me enough in life to realize NO ONE is doing what I need done but me. NO ONE cares about your stuff as much as you, and you never know when someone else is not going to know that they don't know, or cut corners. Screw that.....leave it alone. I've got it.
I don’t know if I’m beating a dead horse but it turns out you don’t actually need 110 kph winds to knock down skyscrapers in manhattan Edit: spaceships
Such a tragedy to get rid of the old church. Beauty has been continuously removed from our great cities :(
S.E.R.E.N.E. huh? Gotta say, there were undoubtedly a lot of military minds that got jealous over that acronym.
Everyone’s clicking on this thinking it’s going by to be about the World Trade Center 😂
Isn't it more traditional to do the math before building the building?
This topic and video should be presented to mechanical and civil engineering students worldwide.
So they demolished a beautiful old church and replace it and ugky concrete box
So a mass disaster was averted by a random student who discovered a flaw nobody found, an engineer who risked everything to own up to the mistake, and a hurricane that, at last minute, veered off course to spare the building. The number of fortunate timing coincidences was astounding. The alternate timeline of the world would have been The Citicorp Building Disaster of 1978, which would have been talked about and mourned for years.
If they were building around the church, why rebuild it at all. If they couldn't leave it alone, they should have moved everything, even the concentrated earth, seeing they would remove alot of earth earth to build this project anyways.
Holy, engineering! Its so cool for the years i studied to easily understand whats going on!
The loss of the Gothic church for modern/post modern design is insane.
For me the greatest thing was the interaction between a student and a very prestigious Engineer, LeMessurier also help him solve his doubt step by step!!!
Design stupid buildings, get stupid problems.
"Dad look! It's that one tower next to the avengers tower in marvel spiderman"
so what he did is he claimed he thought about suicide to help his position, overruled the responsibility to others and switched the student finding out the problem from female to male. Sounds like ok man...
You know you're skating on thin ice, when you get to the point of trusting/checking the weather not to chance to keep your building intact.      (Also, this deal with cutting up the vital support beams is taking me right back to the Hyatt Regency incident).
He literally was a engineering hero for the city lol
It was a student who discovered the issue.   So he definitely wasn't the only person aware. Very little research will prove my statement
ive never seen such an EXTREME DOWNGRADE on a "church remodel" that building is horrendously ugly, especially in comparison to the old gothic style. L engineers
Yeah I think LeMessurier did great, and he deserves the praise for his actions in the crisis. He genuinely thought the building was stable, found out there was a flaw later, and then did the right thing and fixed it. Not only did he fix it, he and everyone else involved worked to make sure that an evacuation could be done safely and quickly if needed while avoiding unnecessary panic. So, good on him!
Who would have thought that the quartering winds would be the problem? Literally anybody who could imagine sitting on a chair with the posts centered along the sides. Obviously the worst case scenario is going to be force coming from the corners - you'd topple such a chair by leaning toward the corners.  How many engineering disasters do we have to have from goofballs changing plans mid-build before we learn that's not a great strategy?  Also, generally, what a scumbag! He's got time to think up cute little names for his project and figure out ways to lie about it rather than fixing the damn thing. How much longer did it take to fix, and how much more danger were people in, because they tried to do it quietly in the middle of the night?
This had been a beautiful structure in Minecraft but im not sure about IRL :O
The theories is when earthquake will happen the legs are meant to be able to move like those Star wars At-At Walker.
We didn't feel the need to panic people, we were panicked, but they didn't need to be. Says the guy who will still have loads of money to retire on to the people whose lives are in danger. If they had just admitted it, they could've had crews working on the fix 24/7 ASAP
30:02 that’s amazing, she had absolutely no idea but was likely responsible for catching that error. And for all we know saving thousands of lives in the process
In 1978, a significant structural flaw was discovered in the Citicorp Center (now Citigroup Center) in New York City, leading to secret emergency repairs that potentially averted disaster. This discovery involved two students who played important roles in identifying the issue. Princeton University engineering student Diane Hartley was writing her senior thesis about the Citicorp Center's design in June 1978. During her analysis, she calculated stresses from quartering winds (winds hitting the building diagonally) and found them higher than the maximum expected stress values provided by the building's design firm. When she raised concerns with a junior staff member at the firm, she was assured the building could handle the necessary forces, though she documented her concerns in her thesis. Around the same time, Lee DeCarolis, an architecture student at New Jersey Institute of Technology, was working on a report about the building. His professor expressed reservations about the structure, which DeCarolis relayed to William LeMessurier, the chief structural engineer. These student inquiries, along with LeMessurier's discovery that bolts had been substituted for the welded joints he had specified in the design, prompted him to recalculate the wind loads on the building. He found that the combination of quartering winds and bolted joints made the building vulnerable to collapse in high winds
“Don’t worry, the test will be a piece of cake!” The first question on the test in question: 5:07
Old crumbling buildings being torn down for brutalist architecture was a sign of the times
just goes to show the big brains need to be down on the worksite everyday, getting their hands dirty. If the nerds had been more involved in construction, this could have been avoided. But, as a lowly hand like myself already knows, If you let the nerds out of the office, the job never gets completed. Constant interruptions and the workplace turns into Drama HQ. Pick your poison.
20:00 oh is that right DAVENPORT????? GET HIMMMMMMM😂😂😂😂
I understand the decision to not inform the public during the repair but I disagree with the decision to not go public after the repair. Especially when it was handled in such a good way. It's important to learn from mistakes and have good examples of how to handle mistakes.
Thank you for this informative video
30 min to explain why a stupid, inherently unstable design is aforementioned? Idiotic.
The old church was amazing, the new one is ugly
I’d never seen this building until I played spiderman on the PlayStation 4 and I was extremely taken aback but the architecture of this building it looked dangerous to an untrained eye.
Destroying a Beautiful Church to build a Ugly building and a ugly church!
vnc tower
I am not sure whether this kind of (positive) behavior is something we can count on in these times we live in ... :-(   Ethics seem to be rather low on people's priority list ...
I understand avoiding mass panic, but people have the right to know.
14.43 and this isn't even dynamic loads, nor winds as they sweep around in shift. both those situation should place this structure in high unstable load situations. 27.36 that's very, very cool. and the root narrative for a dozen crime show episodes from news release through to late 2000s 31.46 it's a shame that people are afraid to speak up about resolved solutions. especially ones that were so successful: it should be a badge of honor: usually, mistakes like that get people killed. an avoidance badge should be celebrated: engineering rarely learns without casualties.
Can you imagine the STRESS this man was going through? Jesus...
3.10 i'll say: yeah... legs in the center of the sides/faces halves support area and footprint, and shifts the axes of support away from most effective to least effective... simple geometry
When design is prioritized over function
I'm sorry but that church is ugly asf and created a huge problem for something that couldve been so simple.
Maybe it's just me, but I DO love an engineering thriller like this – and even better when the outcome is good.
„Bill Le Measure“?
They secretly repaired it at night so the workers wouldn’t know that their lives were at risk?!?! That’s awful.
Watching this i can't help bit ask why???? Just why???? Must yiu buidl that building?????
The true measure of a man lies not in the work he does, but in his ability to go back and correct the mistakes during that work and learn from them. Sadly we now live in a time where people growingly refuse to admit to their flaws, mistakes and problems, rather they double down, spin tall tales and stories around the problems to make it not their own, or just to make it so it does not exist at all. But one thing is clear and will forever be clear- life and nature do not care, the universe does not care. The universe wants to kill you, nature wants to kill you, life wants to kill you and the more you lay a foundation of shaky truths, no matter how beautiful a web  of lies, deception and power you create- it will collapse and when it does you will not be remembered for your greatness, no you'll be remembered for your foolishness like all others. In to the dust your pointless struggles slowly wiped from both history and existence until only stories of failure remain for others to shake their head at.
I fear that if this happened today, the engineer wouldn't go back on his own calculations, leave it be and kill himself as soon as the building destroyed half of Manhattan and killed thousands to avoid th3 consequences.
Most spectacular story about that building. But breaking down a church for another one that fit rught next to that building, was disgusting.
How was it possible? MONEY!! Money is always the answer.
One thing I've learnt is that tall & skinny buildings are only popular amongst big cities because they can fit 1000's of people in small spaces, therefore fitting the capitalistic ideal put forward by the rich men of America.
I prefer the gothic church.
People jus keep complaining about the modern "church"... everything that has gone are always better.. why can't we jus appreciate what is there now?
14:45 Wreck havoc? How can you destroy destruction? That makes no sense. The expression is wreak havoc, meaning cause destruction.
Old gothic church? In the US? That isn't old. What a travesty.
The real problem was changing the design mid construction, if it were welded instead as planned, no issue
that nothing there were two enormous buildings which couldn't resist something smaller than a fly hitting it...(by comparison)
Yeah but the buildings in front are blocking some of the wind force? ... well the wind that is channelled down streets now have low pressure systems making it worse. Frankly I'm surprised this uneven effect doesn't pose more of a problem.
I feel like the editing on this video was very subpar for a Veritasiun video. With all of the repetitions it seemed like it could have easily been ten minutes shorter
I can't agree that telling people "there is no danger" is the right thing to do. "preventing panic" is just a convenient excuse.
Cool story but that Church redesign is atrocious
Sheesh! The guy even goes around his elbow to wipe his a-hole when it comes to how to off himself ……
You know what they say about conspiracy theories and history. Give it time and they’re the same thing.
Why did they make the wind load side so flat instead of more aerodynamic like incorporate that chevron design convex towards the winds       🌬️<<| not that pronounced but slightly or even dimple the windows on that side for the effects of a golf ball ?!? IDK not correcting legit exp my ques lol
The real crime is what they did to that church went from beautiful gothic to whatever that thing is now. Would’ve been better to repair or rebuild certain parts but it is what it is
Interesting that one is allowed to build a building using new techniques that haven't been thoroughly verified in reality. What other field allows that?  (besides vaccines ;-0 )
Why couldn't they just build a building in a smaller space with a nice Gothic Church next door and even a garden with a water fountain? It's a sick drive to want to come up with massive works but then to also want to cut cost! Like City Corps needed money and had to skimp on bolts.
The problem was discovered  by an undergraduate student Diane Hartley at Princeton.
The cool thing is, the dampers are visible, and you can see them moving in strong winds. They're absolutely gargantuan, and it's cool and alarming to see these gigantic blocks slosh back and forth.
How dare they make the church ugly
I watched this video 10 days ago and still remembered the information—I got an 82! The way Veritasium presents concepts is truly impressive.
Destroying that gothic church and replacing it with that god awful looking building is criminal. It looked beautiful as it was.
A lot of people praising the guy for acknowledging his mistake and fixing it... but I find it unconscionable that they never told the people working in the building and even tried to keep it hidden from them!  That is so wrong it's beyond belief.  Imagine being one of those people and finding out years later about this.  Sheesh.
See, this is the contractors fault, had they gone with the original design, they would have had no issue. But for the sake of cost cutting, they endangered the entire area and thousands of lives.
That gothic church was so much more beautiful.
It’s good to learn about the things that keep you safe everyday. Whether you know it or not.  Love this ❤
it is already insane to NOT do what engineer tells you to do (because money right?), it is absolutely crazy to NOT tell engineer what you wont do that he told you to do, while still building this skyscraper.
What an UGLY church. They should have kept the gothic one.
So structurally ugly
odd they didnt blow it up/burn it down for the insurance money... isnt that what "they" do with things like the titanic or that church... I think that one was symbolic too they do like their occult stuff/symbolism
Bro avoided 911
There is a similarly constructed financial building in Tucson, AZ.
its insane that they came in at night to secretly do the repairs without telling anyone like just close the damn building 😭
A lot of Chicago riverfront now has setbacks from the river. Our winds are never hurricane force tho.
Why are these type of animations always so horrible? People do not sway back and forth like that. I enjoy this channel's content but this cheap animation style will always irk me when watching pretty much anything that involves it. I would have preferred they don't move at all.
The new church is a grotesque little turd
If this was German engineering, it'll be praised to the rafters. Because German engineering.....
That's too bad about LeMessurier -- they should own the fact that there was an error and an outstanding correction response. Engineering isn't all pretty and straightforward... the world's best systems are cobbled together in a way that halfway resemble art. That's what engineering is... putting things together in a way that allow for something that isn't otherwise possible. Of course there will be mistakes. That's half or more of the battle and every rule and "way of doing things" is about countering those mistakes that we have made or realized we could have made.   Great video and cool history lesson!
that's actually so insanely dumb the whole story from start to finish
Wait, wasn't that video elsewhere?
They really replaced a gothic church with a glass block - my European mind can not comprehend that.
/mɛ.sy.rje/ → /məs'jurɪˌje/?  No.  /mɛ.sy.rje/ →  /ˈmɛʒɚ/ of course
For those wanting to know more, the Wikipedia page:    Citicorp Center engineering crisis is a good start.
I walked under this building several times. I considered it the stupidest large building design in Manhattan.
I went to school not too far from this building and I thought 1) it’s insane it’s even standing 2) it’s creepy that you can get a clear line of sight to the other Citicorp building in LIC, if you are on this street looking east
My eye started twitching when I saw 4.07 rounded down to 4 😅😅😅
Imagine God’s reaction when that pastor allowed that beautiful church which probably took a generation to fully construct and design to be destroyed, just to replace it with some modernized dogshit blocky thing that doesn’t resemble a church whatsoever. Absolutely disgusting.
As a structural engineer I’m so happy that the team made this video. Learned a lot. Thanks to the whole team ❤
Great video bro good worke
It’s no more dangerous than the twin towers
19:30 dude after he finished those calculations, hell it's math, midway though the calculations you can just tell his blood ran colder than a glacier waterfall
I don't even care about engineering. This was one of the most engaging videos I have seen.
I mean, it;s a sky scrapper on stilts. Even I know that's a bad idea.
There was an episode of Numbers where a student found out about the structural weaknesses of a building due to quarterly winds and was killed over it. Only after watching this did I realised that the episode was based of this story and not a fictional one. You learn something new every day.
lies
Sometimes it is wise not to stand out from the crowd.
the church got ruined
Probably should’ve just welded it from the start
The error was discovered by a student doing a paper on the building not the engineer
Why didn't the rotate the building by 45degrees, so  that corners would be were the stilts are?
Everyone involved was absolute idiots. They should all be in jail..
u have too be a bit crazy to work in this building
"old crumbling church"??? how old was it? Many european churches are older than NYC and they're far from crumbling
I just want to know how they got the massive block up there
I personally feel nothing when buildings fall in that city, however the engineering is real interesting
how cutting cost doesn't actually cut cost The guide
I garantee that there was at least one worker who felt the office was a bit different from the day before xD he probably felt gaslight from the world
Cool how all of this could have been avoided if not for religion
I love how everyone agrees and that the only info they got from this video is that they ruined a beautiful gothic Church with that horrible square thing
The tallest building in the city should be sacral building - Church, not secular building - skyscraper of a bank. I want to stress out - bank - that represents monetary system of dishonest money that is being created out of nothing and backed by nothing.
"Old crumbling gothic church" Replaces it with a concrete block. Disgusting.
Not true. Engineering students discovered flaws.
So it wasn't his mistake really. Bolting the connections instead of welding them wasn't in the original design
I have a pure math degree and chose engineering ethics as one of my upper division elective courses. It was fun
I learned about this mistake YEARS ago from another video. Seeing 10 million views of this from 9 days ago is fishy to say the least.
They didn’t even account for quartering winds?? Ha
it wasn't "allowed" it was decided on, its a free country , they did it because they wanted to and they met code
It's actually miraculous that it didn't get hit by the hurricane, had it not veered of thousands of people would have absolutely been killed if not severely injured, or at the very least caused mass destruction of the city.
The colossus with feet of clay
we should illegalize coal from even existing. Get it out from under our feet, yesterday!
I love a good story of integrity and willingness to do the right thing. Wonderful presentation
"No one wanted a mass panic" is a pretty shitty way to dismiss the fact that they simply didn't want to protect those people more than they wanted to protect the bottom line.  While there are arguments for accepting the choice of endangering your own life in order to keep business running, knowingly and purposely doing so to others without them knowing or giving them the choice is not avoidance of panic, it is pure selfish greed and neither ethical or moral.  His mistake of design does not make him a bad person, but he and all his cohorts hiding the truth and actively lying about those who asked questions are all obviously unforgivably bad people.
PC chairs entered their chat
Why didn’t they just use crazy glue???
I liked the perspective at around 6:40. Feels more immersive, like I’m actually talking to the dude and looking as he’s speaking. I think it’s nicer than just a still camera on someone’s face
Oh I see where engineers egos come from now. Unfortunately it bleeds through there work into their personal lives.
Worked in s halve billion dollar building where they " valued engineered one very busy elevator bank from 6 elevators to three. Once on the click workers loved it. One was usually down for repairs or maintenance and would take 10 minutes to get from first floor to tenth floor. A few years later on s more expensive building they " Valued engineered even one elevator to top two small areas .Two years later they moved about 40 people that had to walk up about 25 steps to get to there office..They installed two small elevators from top floor that the main 8 elevator bank stopped up to these two floors. Union Elevator guy said it cost over 250% more to install the two elevators after construction was finished. Pay me a little to now or tons down the road.
The craziest part of this story to me is that none of the welders said anything or asked questions. They were told to secretly weld braces in a specific order and make sure they left no trace of ever being there. None of them thought that was weird?
I would throw up non-stop if I discovered I made a mistake like this. Kudos to him for keeping his cool and solving the problem.
Great video! Please keep making this type of videos. Loved it
Lol why does the animation show the guy in a 24/7 state of pure terror. I highly doubt he was constantly grimacing lol.
That new "church" is one of the ugliest buildings ive ever seen. Im not Christian but even im offended that they demolished that old Church, gothic architecture is beautiful
"Le measure"??!😂
Wow, how they pat themselves on the back?
We have buildings like that in Vancouver. Concorde Brentwood is one of them.
Why does this channel get so lost in details?
Please! 19:20  Kilo is represented by lowercase k, not uppercase K! You are giving wind speeds in Kelvin·meters/hour!
aw man that's scary
Does anyone know what the blue elephant pin Eric Hines is wearing is about? 32:45
I remember learning about this in my ethics course. It is such an incredible story. @veritasium, please do more of these engineering ethics cases!!
6:40 that didnt explain wind at all lol
Watching this makes me really happy I live closer to ground level.  As amazing as these buildings are, and having tons of respect for the folks who can design and create them, watching them “sway” makes me feel vertigo.
If I had enough money I could not put my name on it in good will. I care to much about y’all New Yorkers and human life.😂
They wouldn't let you film inside? Cowards!
Grenfell comes to mind. making decisions by unqualified people just cut costs
I've noticed something strange — 4 of your last 12 videos over the past few months all stop at exactly 6.7 million views. That seems like more than just coincidence. Any idea why that’s happening?
So, they... forgot... about quartering winds? Okay, but why did they forget? It's still incompetence.
how is it more dangerous then regular floors? its the same support system
I was a Civil Engineering student at a highly-regarded, east-coast university from 1983-1987. I was even specializing in structural design and analysis, but this is the first I've heard about the issues with the Citicorp building. Given the design of the base of the tower, the four columns should have been considered as the corners of a building which had triangular extensions on each face.
I thought some student figured out that the building was unstable and that SHE alerted them to the fact, not the engineer checking his old work.  Is this history being rewritten?
You know what's sad? In this day in age if this problem would have been found again, they likely would of made sure to buy extra insurance, or sell it and wouldn't of told anyone or cared to do anything about it.
If anything, this is why buildings should be cylinders, cones, or spheres, because it removes enough of the wind from the equation by not having a "face" having high resistance to the wind. Cube/Rectangular buildings are about optimizing floor area and cheaper building materials (since materials are hard to get in anything but flat sheets.)
Hey thanks for the great videos.  Could you do some research in Brainfm and other similar apps and tell us from a scientific point of view whether they work or not?
Thats the Suits office building isnt it?  Interesting story, very lucky...
This is fascinating, I got lost in the mathematics at about ground floor but it is a real revelation to see what has to be calculated and how things have to be organised.
Don't like this guy
Always LeMeasure twice, skyscraper once
2:30 - Definitely not the first time. It's an engineers job to make the job harder.
wait, you mean you destroyed a beautiful church to build that grotesque monstrosity... we are led by people that hate us.
Replace an "old crumbling Gothic church" with character and history with yet another concrete thing that's going to be gone, one way or another, in a few years' time?  What were you people thinking of?
14:49 "... wreck havoc."? How do you destroy destruction? I think the term he's looking for is, "wreak havoc".
I'm an atheist, but leveling that beautiful old church (and replacing it with that ugly whatever-it-is) is a crime
Yoooo
Time to have my brain melted.
why is it important that they ignored a female student? who was the guy who did suggest using the bolts?
An architect's dream is an engineer's nightmare
Perfect number missing a building?.. Tetrahedron 3times 4
With that kind of support structure, it would have made more sense to make the building round.
Veritasium is jumping among Math. Stats, Physics and Engineering and I'm all for it.
New church looks like the back of an old tube tv
"We don't want to terrorize people who don't need to be terrorized"... look at the way we're treated.  'Best to not let them know that being in and around this building is a real danger'.  What a scumbag.  It's too difficult to tell the truth?  To raise an alarm, empty the building, provide shelter for the displaced while the building is fixed?  Give me a break.
I worked a lot in Taiwan and have seen the damper myself when I visited the 101. Impressive.
I admire LeMessurier for actually doing The Thing and admitting how bad it was, even if it would ruin his career. I’d trust him a lot more than an engineer who can’t admit their mistakes.
You can get new lines installed tommorow if you know the president of the telecom network.
I thought this mistake was discovered by an Engineering student who did a thesis paper on this building ????
this guy got lucky it didn't happen in 2025....100% cancelled
I used to work there in the early 2000s. I would often work late on the 37th floor and be the only one there, and when a storm came through the building would sway so much the blinds would smack against the window frames and if you weren't careful you could get seasick. By then they had solved the problems, but working in that building can in no way be considered a normal experience.  I can't imagine what it would be like without that damper. They used to give tenants tours of the damper.
That creative structural dude who come up with replacing welding with bolts :   I just saved millions to risk thousands lives. Damn you, quatering winds!!!
Can you please add more audio tracks.
I have a terrible fear of being inside a high rise. This documentary made my illogical fears far more justified!
You don't have to be an engineer to see this is a bad design
Well There's Your Problem just covered this in their live show in NYC!
110 Kilometers per hour. Bro this is about an American location just give us American measurements. Just say 68 or almost 70mph winds ffs
Couldn't they have put the supports in the corners and rotate the whole thing 45 degrees? Do the buildings have to be parallel to each other?
It's called _tuned_ _mass_ damper not tuned mass _damper_ It's a specific kind of damper!
The chief engineer response was quite...well measured!
22:30 - it's called a _mass_ panic, not a mass _panic_
Science made easy and interesting. Great topics every time.
the braces remind me a bit of the space shuttle's solid rocket boosters needing to be transported in sections. that didn't work out great.
3:50
They build in arround a Church to prevent paying taxes for the land. In London I’ve seen the same strategy. Religious related buildings and lands don’t Pat taxes.
I would absolutely trust a structural engineer named Le Measurer...
One of the best videos I've watched on YouTube
IDK man that old crumbling church looked much better than the chisel head looking one.
110 or 112 km/h  ??? 😎  00:27  00:27  00:27
Terrible fengshui
Thank you for this video ❤️ It was very informative and interesting
It's ridiculous that they were allowed to keep it a secret. This sort of collusion between the company and the authorities to keep the public in the dark is... so 20th century.
The pastor must be dancing.
Good engineering ethics? The building can collapse at any moment, but instead of warning the citizens and closing it for urgent repairs, they choose to secretly repair it for several hours at night. Only for the sake of preserving reputation and preventing paying compensation.
Crazy they could get the go ahead to build that building with the toppling risk, regardless of the revolutionary structural engineering employed in the design...
It’s a shame that they would take such a beautiful church away. I’m not even religious but the old building was much nicer and less dangerous! 😂 citycorp sounds evil anyways.
Ya know I still don’t feel like being able to withstand a 1/1000 storm is enough yet😭 as a shiny hunter those odds sound way too good when that many lives are at stake
Unbelievable how he’s laughing about the whole situation now. That kinda seems cynical.
It's not how you get into trouble, it's how you get out of it that matters.
11.19 The first hint of trouble came in May 1978
What stopped them from building 3 corner pillars and 4 middle-of-the-face pillars? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't 3 corner pillars better than none?
LeMessurier's design may have been shaky but his integrity and honesty were absolutely rock solid. R.I.P sir.
They didn't need to change the structure of the building — they could have just hired Christians to pray during strong winds for the building to remain in good condition.
So all of this because they wanted to save money using bolts instead of welding? And then they still had to go back to weld them anyway...
Common mainline Lutheran church-design L.
avoiding mass panic is a horrid excuse for quietly endangering tens of thousands of new yorkers
It was a student that figured that out.
Rip to that gorgeous church. Shame on who replaced it with... that.
That church should be a crime. Wtf did they do to it😭😭😭
Absolutely fascinating story. ❤
Imagine watching this on your lunch break inside of the building.
Pew i thought they knew about my basement but its just some random building
To me the crux of the issue lies in the fact that only a single individual knew about all of the assumptions going into this building. Engineering is an exercise of creating redundancies to increase safety; however that guideline was completely left out on the "people structure" level. They had a single point of failure, and only avoided disaster by sheer luck. It is great that LeMessurier did the right thing, but he never should have been in this position in the first place. One man toiling alone in a cabin in Maine on a building that could kill thousands, that is the disastrous part here in.
"Le Measure"? Pronounce the name properly
Great story!
Funny how common sense would've prevented this. But, you know, people need scientific proof for everything..
I would hope anyone in any position would fix a mistake if it could cost lifes. Yes it will very likely damage your reputation, but people will also respect you for not letting it slide. Letting things escalate will damage your reputation a LOT worse.
The most shocking part to me is that they didn't test with a scaled model, before trying something so new on such a massive scale. Can you imagine spending $700,000,000 on an experimental building and not even testing the important structural parts? "Oh, they used bolts instead of welding? It's probably ok."
It’s nice to see how engineers solving problems, but what bothers me is that they did not notify people of the potential danger under the excuse ‘not to terrify’…
Thats a pretty big oversight. The first thing I thought of seeing those columns was how it fares with diagonal wind.  Mind you, I see similar oversights on modern day projects so it's not surprising.
Le Measure? Non! Meh-zoo-ree-eh. This was a research project wasn't it? And within the first 30 seconds of the video you're mispronouncing the main subject's name and repeating it throughout the video.
Is this the building from gremlins 2?
"crumbling gothic church" I doubt it was crumbling
Would this still be possible today? My guess is the companies would get into a legal battle on who pays for the work. Until that's cleared, nothing will be done.
Do they make an app to tell the difference between guys working on power lines and guys working on telephone lines? All this engineering going on and the guy getting into all of this doesn't even know the difference. Kind of like me not understanding anything going on with this building. But it gives me hope that anyone can do a job and not understand whats going on. Youtube is that job....
i did not understand a single thing  .....
American engineering
Have always enjoyed your channel, and would be extremely interested if you will be making one about Taipei 101, as it is a region filled with typhoons and earthquakes. Looking forward to it
Can we get a veritasium on economics? I think a lot of people would benefit.
Music name in background of 33:14😢
from all i know about this it doesn't seem like it's lemessuier's fault-- his design worked properly before a company changed it without fully informing him, and as soon as he learned of the changes made without his explicit approval and knowledge, he immediately fact checked and double checked the calculations. his quick thinking and throughness saved tons of people and it takes a strong person to admit you're wrong
I would've done both! Weld and bolts.. could you imagine being the Ironworker having to cut these connections in the future, for whatever reason? The stress on 3 of 4 would be ... stressful 😂
Why didn't they just add the 3 columns back? Church must've had some dirt on someone up in a high position
man, youre starting to look old. lol
Physicist does engineering 😅
Fck man architecture is so cool but I had to be a fool in college and major in sports communications 😭😭😭😭😭
New York is so stupid
A napkin? Really?
They went in at night, ripped the sheetrock down, welded band-aids on the braces and replaced all the sheetrock before business next morning.  And the employees never suspected anything happened.  This i would like to see...
So the nature of Man is to first consider selfishness. We are hopeless sinners that require a savior.
That "church" looks like a public toilet. Disgraceful they were allowed to knock the gothic style church down...
so they avoided a disaster that they tried to cover up several times. How many more ticking timebombs for the sake of profit. Classic 'merrica.
Better solution: dont build cities around small square city blocks
damn they really made that church ugly,,,
One of my favourite of your features. Thanks Veritasium ❤
Crazy how the man himself admit it is not safe
They simply hid the church!
This is why I used to love the aviation industry so much. Until Boeing changed everything, people owned up to their mistakes, were completely transparent about them and made sure errors where never repeated.
I suspect that all those criticizing the new St. Peter's Church have never been inside it.  I have been, many times, and it is a quite beautiful, modern design, with fine acoustics for music--which was important. St. Peter's was known for ministering to the jazz musician community.  That continued in the new church, very successfully.
But how is this upstanding ethical behavior when it was not publicly revealed for 2 decades, and who knows how many skyscrapers were designed in that period before the building codes were updated to include quartering wind calculation requirements? In what career or world would it be ok NOT to say something sooner than 20 years after the fact?
LeMessurier: Means something completely different in French.
Me: _6 blunts in_ Heh. I'm gonna compress and tension this next joint because I have no idea what is happening.  Also Me: _watching SG1_ OH Chevron's... LOCKED.
Absolutely disgusting looking architecture. That Church looked amazing and was turned into what looks like a concrete disaster.
damn this would be a good movie
What an engineering MESS!
Thank gooddness he followed a moral compass.
This was an EYE OPENER of a video.   SCARY stuff.  I don't know if i ever want to be in a high rise again.   \nosarc. Gr8 vid.
Knocking out 4 corners and adding stilts was purely for style points. I’ve never understood engineers who intentionally make their life more difficult.
Simply amazing
The old church was a master piece. Wtf is wrong with people !
Your building sucks put the old church back
Why destroy that beautiful old church, why build something so ugly and why build over it instead of around it?  Yes I know the answers are mostly money, but come on...
"He trusted that his team did the math" -- oh no. If there's one thing I know from watching too many engineering disaster videos, it's that you ALWAYS double check the math!
11:35
Trust the experts!
i dont even know why i watched this. i didnt even undrstand it
8:37 as an idiot, my question becomes what if the friction at the hinge changes over time? How can they measure that change?
I'm always annoyed when Americans decide to pronounce foreign words however they feel like with no regard for the word already having a proper pronunciation 😛 Even by American standards, "Le Messurier" isn't "le measure". Most people who try and fail to pronounce it don't ignore the second half of the word. The correct pronunciation is, essentially, "le mess-yuri-EH" -- Yuri like the Ukrainian name and emphasis on the final syllable. But, nope, this particular Le Messurier decided he liked the sound of "le measure". Sigh. 😛
The lesson is: when an engineering student alerts you to a concern, take them seriously, do not waive them off. Because inquisitive students eventually go on to be inquisitive professionals.
It's pronounced Le Me-ssu-rier BTW
We don't want Henry we want Derek.
Diane Hartley was the student that called LeMessurier in 1978 to comment  about a possible serious flaw she had discovered while studying the building's structure.
Any building owned by donald trump is far more dangerous.   trump will destroy America by the time he's done.
There were other, more dangerous buildings
so American to destroy the old church cause its old, and build ugly soleless utilitarian transformer box
This is an example of being better to be lucky than good.
If this would be in china owed company, it would fall...:D
The whole initial concept is already ridiculous. Get a giant skyscraper and build on top of 4 columns. But, we only need a little corner, the rest can be normal blocks. Nah, 4 tiny columns will work just fine.
Pretty blatant but they must've been well off growing up .....   Being Ghetto hood raised jenga was a fun game idk if I would've had legos who knows
saw this on Ted Ed a few years ago, was having intense deja vu lol
don't build an engineering nightmare and this problem will be mitigated
The tuned mass damper was a brilliant idea, however, the structural problem was almost gross incompetence especially for a building with thosands of people working in it. I remember a similar incident with the roof of the Hartford Civic Center in 1978 where the contruction of the roof was different than the architectural plans. The roof collapsed after a winter snow storm. Luckily , the collapse occured after a basketball game and the building was empty.
loving the cordless old phones 😜
the hurricane shift was the mercy of God
Religion, the root of all problems.
Are these the same people who built the twin towers?
Advert after advert after advert!  Amazon video would be envious.
Science hero stories are the absolute best.
Should have taken and insurance policy and stayed silent
So, it could be a domino affect in 9 11?
I worked in this building. I always wondered how is it not falling down. Now I know.
New York or nowhere !!! Should have kept the original church tho… that type of style and gothic look is sooooo much better… they use to build things with so much more style back in the day man.. blows my mind who makes these decisions to get rid of something that looks like that to build something that looks so plain and average
Since you're posting for American audiences you MUST USE FEET, INCHES, MILES YOU BASTARDS
I'm sorry, but when you start mentioning KILOMETERS per  hour, and don't reference miles per hour, I stop watching.
All of this just to make an ugly design a reality...
This reminds me of that one time Richard Watterson became the CEO of Channex and made their company tower into a tower on stilts.
I can’t watch this. That church was beautiful. What a waste
It’s crazy that the building is stilt there to this day…. Ba dum tss?
In the UK,that church would have been a priced possession.  You'd see a lot of scaffolding around it
Great story for us engineers. Integrity, wisdom, intelligence and teamwork 👍🏾
I see the fix as a very trustworthy thing they did, should be noted
I think someone prayed hard and God diverted the path of the hurricane. Nothing happens by accident.
Someone got money to flip on that church... someone took a payout
replace old gothic church with plain block of concrete. nice job america!
99 Percent Invisible (great podcast) did a story on this years ago.  Great to see Veritasium bringing the story to their audience.
11:48 So glad that they were able to save $250k by using bolts instead of welding. Good job team!
He has a fitting name
You keep saying that the designer owned up to his mistake. It wasn't his mistake when they didn't follow his plans. They chose to cheap out on the welding.
Why do we even build buildings like this lol so unnecessary
I’m like this is a neat video I’m fascinated, I’ll do this little guy a solid and hit him with a sub. Then I see 17 million subs lol I’ve never seen that many
It wasn't his mistake, it was whoever approved bolts instead of welds. They didn't consult him.
For once, someone noticed a problem and thought of others and not himself. For once, a man sounded alarms before thinking of his job. For once, a corporate company shelled out money the second alarms were raised.  For once, everyone was safe.
In college, I had a class that the students all affectionately referred to as "Engineering Depression", a class dedicated to discussing various engineering disasters and how they came about. The Citicorp building was one of the only examples that was not used as a "what not to do", but rather an exercise in understanding engineering morality and proper escalation channels. Truly a wonderful story, thank you for sharing!
The current St Peter’s at Lex and 54th is a hundred times more welcoming and spiritual than the dark, hideous, laughably Gothic horror that it replaced. Stop crying.
Meanwhile, 3,000 years later, the Egyptians pyramids still stand
DON T  USE  KM/H.  NBY IN EUROPE DOES.  USE KT OR MPH.  M/S  is what commoner Europe does.
Imagine how many modern skyscrapers have known problems like this that remain secret from the public today!
Wow, I thought it was just the last generation, _but we’ve been replacing things with shittier things_ *for nearly a century now!*  That OG church was worlds above the newer one
Good on LeMessurier for taking responsibility and fixing it immediately, but it sound to me like the fault for this lies entirely with the dude who decided to use bolts instead of welds and didn't say anything.
Religion endangering EVERYONE for no decent reason, YET AGAIN ! ! !
The pastor’s idea was beyond crazy .. The beautiful old church could have been restored..it was a beautiful landmark .. However, money, greed, personal pride are  very apparent in our society today . People don’t seem to know you can’t take your wealth with you when you die.Most of the rich can’t spend all their money in their lifetime and don’t like to depart from it . Death is the equalizer of all people. Jesus said store up your treasures in Heaven  not on earth where it can be destroyed.
Sounds like he didnt La Measure correctly
That new church is awful
1:36 Holy capitalism
Thank you for the clear explanation
That church redesign is the real crime here
The World Trade Center was the most dangerous building in Manhattan.
Imma be honest, as an ordinary person what amazed me the most is that the problem wasn't even on the design in the first place, the central stilts actually being fine is what amazes me the most
The emphasis put on the ethics aspect is unsettling. OF COURSE if I designed something and found a mistake that can lead to death I will have to report it. Anything less and it's messed up.
Such a joy to have all this knowledge and investigation work on the internet free!
Can you make a video on how you actually meet people who are experts in different fields? I mean, how do you approach them and ask for a video call or an interview? And how do you make them feel that talking with you is worth their valuable time?
It's a little outrageous to me that it took 20 years to update the code. If there is just ONE party to tell your secret fix about, it's the bloody regulator. That's how you make sure it can't happen again
what a church downgrade
All of this just for brutalist eyesore.
I thought this was the one that a student figured out the engineering flaw
Back in the 70s-80s when we used to drive into Midtown from Westchester, the exit from the FDR at 53rd St. would take you right beneath it. It was an awesome sight, so futuristic (and terrifying looking). Still is.
How come Diane Hartley isn't even mentioned until the video is almost over?
😂😂😂 New York sucks here your proof and not so smart
I see, and was thinking - Near the end of the video you mentioned Taipei 101, probably the most famous example of a TMD. The whole time after you 1st mentioned  TMDs in the video I jumped to how about using for earthquakes. You mention this in Taipei commentary - So, yes, TMDs good for earthquakes too? Of course the force applied is at ground level; does this affect things? (eg/ Are movable masses (seems to always be mandatory) for wind TMDs always up high, whereas the movable might be at ground level for an e'quake survivable building?)
The biggest 'crime' in this video is the destruction of that beautiful Gothic church.
So....for twenty years development continued without quartering wind calculations, I'd call this a failure of professional practice by keeping it secret.
Church: ThecSource of all evil.
This story has been well known in NYC for decades.   His pretending to be a hero is embarrassing.    He should have been banned from architecture and anything to do with providing space for humans.  Plus, he and Citi needed to be sued by every occupant of that building for thousands for EVERY DAY they risked  their lives unknowingly by working in there.   Do not make this guy a hero.  He was a despicable, egotistical, naive amateur.
Almost 10 million in 7 days? Congratulations V team that is incredible. This channel has taught me so much and has been improving
Please use "km/h" instead of "Km/h" in next videos ... Capital K is for Kelvins ... 😅
"old, crumbling, gothic church" these niggas planting a narrative when introducing the event lmao wtf
Why was he affraid the building would topple over neighbouring buildings? If 9/11 taught us something, it's that buildings always crumble on themselves like a house of cards.
It wasn't his mistake, though. He originally wanted welds. The contractors and citicorp wanted to cut corners and costs. They made a decision without his knowledge and his team miscalculated. So in my opinion. He was brave and was a hero for doing the legwork and due diligence to fix their mistake at the risk of his own reputation. Would have been a real shame if he were vilified and sued for it.
Wonder whether there wiuld have been a different outcome if Citicorp refused to pay for the repairs, which realistically they could have done. Just because there was an initial higher price but they saved sime miney though different design doesn't mean they should have to wear the cost of mistakes in that improved design. So if Citicorp refused, I wonder what the engineer would have done ?
Got rid of the Gothic design? That's the better design.
Time for a bid budget (most spent on CGI) 'disaster' movie set in an alternate history where a freak storm is approaching 2 days after this problem was discovered, with the ending being the domino collapse.
Honestly, a great story of appreciating the times a disaster was averted by collaboration. One can feel helpless and alone in the disasters of our time, forgetting that heroics like this are often done silently
I'll never understand not overengineering a building that could kill thousands if it falls. Four bolts per support on a building that is already a bold design. Every support should have had 2-3x the amount of bolts they THOUGHT they needed. Shaving costs to stay on or under budget, could have ended in disaster if the original designer hadn't stayed so involved.
Integrity
I'm a programmer and sometimes I have sent out code to production that can cause a problem in the app. The feeling is horrible, I try to fix it as soon as possible before anything happens or anyone realizes. So, I can imagine what LeMessurier felt when he found out about this problem and the possible consequences... no surprised he actually considered suicide. Very brave of him to acknowledge and act on it.
this is to similar like the building that an student at the time warned about something like that and she got no recognition at the time, but is too similar
Wait a sec. It's been proven that buildings in Manhattan fall straight down into the ground and disappear into dust without any significant damage to the surrounding area when structural support steel beams evaporate as if they never existed. Citibank had nothing to worry about, just their own building. Buildings simply don't topple over - they go straight down into dust in Manhattan. They forgot they were living in Manhattan with their own set of laws of Manhattan physics.
Here is a triumph of personal ethics over expediency.  It must have been extremely hard to admit you made a mistake, and initiate drastic actions to save lives.  Very fine man.
Is it safe for quarter Airplanes?
To have a church re-designed to look like a low-level bunker, and reside under the bankers tells you that modernity by nature is grim.
Shall not use God’s name in vain
Nice historic church was replaced with some monstrosity
1:05 does anyone know the name of the song plz
WHY DID YOU MAKE NO MENTION OF THE FACT THAT A GIRL WHO WAS AN ARCHITECTURAL STUDENT WHO POINTED OUT THE ISSUE IN THE FIRST PLACE ?
Fn the church
Disgusting they didn't make this public, the motive was ass covering and impact minimization to Citicorp bottom line. Imagine it did collapse while full of people, the negligence in staying silent is disgraceful
this building is full of problems what the heck
Destruction of that church was a crime against art and aesthetic
That crumbling gothic masterpiece should have been fixed up. Destroying beauty like that is unforgivable.
What is this gd hero edit we're giving to a guy for solving a problem he created.
Ooooh, bronze!
This should have been disclosed soon after the repairs were made
Imagine explaining all of this to an ancient greek architect
so engineering is basically just a scam xD
Interesting. So a dangerous problem his company created by trying to save money was fixed at the cost of the client he was trying to make more money off of by cutting costs and he is somehow presented as a good guy?
Isn't this the story where a female engineering student found the error?
👍
33 minutes video of water! the story for 3 minutes !!!
I don't understand why you're lionizing this appalling coverup /conspiracy. Change the name "citicorp" to Boeing, and the engineering product from a structure to an airframe. There's a flaw. You designed it and you know. And you still let people fly? That building should have been emptied until the repair. Keeping that under wraps should be criminal.
MMW Derek is preparing his retirement
This is weird. The building looks scary and dangerous for the sake of the church, but the church is now an ugly concrete pyramid instead of a beautiful gothic building, so it is not worth it in my opinion
The funniest part abt this is that they redid the math recently and discovered the flaw never actually existed. Nice vid tho 👍
Like he said at the end, it shouldn't be considered an amazingly selfless thing he did by addressing the problem. It's simply your responsibility as the structural engineer that if you notice a major problem, you ensure it gets fixed. Let's not overemphasize the heroics when the story is plenty amazing on its own.
What is most crazy is they were fine to destroy the gothic church to be replaced by a monstrosity
They destroyed a beautiful gothic work of art for a post modern idiotic sham of a church
IDK why this guy is a hero. They continued to use the building even after the fact.   No, it wasn't the moral thing. It should have received a vacate order from the DOB.
I'm a professional structural engineer and my first thought at seeing the braces were originally intended to be fully welded on site was "that's expensive. I bet the contractor would push HARD to change to bolts" and sure enough!
I'm sorry.  Telling someone that their awful haircut "looks great" is a white lie.  Telling people they are not exposed to a substantial risk of death is not.  You are not God.  This was a serious ethical lapse.
Sad about the beautiful gothic church
1 in 1000 year storm....according to calculations from how long ago? Wonder how many years that's down to today, with Climate change. The Dutch Delta Works are for 1 in 10.000 year storms. Americans are more down with risk in general i guess.
Just the engineers saying what would happen if the one building got toppled over by wind and then hit another building in the domino effect of knocking down buildings from one is just more proof that 9/11 was 100% because the building should have toppled, not crumbled Anyway, I know that's been long and drawn out for years but people still don't get it
They demolished the gothic beauty so they cand build the current trash...
"No one wanted a mass panic..." The last straw of government care gone.
20:41 he’s a good man
1:45 seconds into this video and I am already utterly disgusted
I can think of three other dangerous buildings in manhattan
As far as i heard the story there was am Architecture Student of his who discovered the flaw, and not le Monsieur. A female and there is a bunch of YouTube videous made about it. I dont see this mentioned. Please fact-check
22:35 It's hilarious that they monitored the building from 8 blocks away. Like, as they decided not to tell the people in the building, they should at least have the balls to be in the building themselves.
This case could have been the other way around, where the focus on maximising profits overlooked safety (welding replaced with bolts).  I wonder if that was the case; we may never know.
Isn't it mad that no one thought to calculate the wind from every direction?
Well told. A good use of my time.
"We'll replace your church with a weird looking block" "Deal"
Huge shoutout to Diane Hartley and Lee DeCarolis!
As part of the deal they destroyed a glorious example of gothic architecture and replaced it with a 1940's Russian toilet block. wtf??!
I used to work in this office building. It is a little scary on a windy day. This building does sway in the wind. You can also see the diagonal beams in offices in the building.
Le measure didn’t measure right 😆
It should be criminal that they didn’t disclose this to the public. What if that building would’ve fallen the citizens of this country but in general, the world should know while walking a public street that they’re safe not to mention anybody that actually worked in that building it should’ve been their choice whether to step in that building or notwhile knowing everything that was going on.
I really like your content, please do not start recycling other people’s content.  I have seen this story too many times.  What’s next? A shark week?
meanwhile the architect who design the building be like 😉😉😉😉🤣😉😉😉🤣🤣🤣🤣😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
It's a shame they held back the truth from the public and hence the building code wasn't adjusted earlier
No clue why I clicked on this probably dry, boring af video about architecture.  Glad I did. Incredibly interesting!
6:49 He said “So they were shipped in pieces to be welded together on site” and I audibly groaned. Rookie mistake.
Yes, the new church looks... gods-awful. But it is worth noting that the church itself approved that design. The church could have refused that design and demanded something more traditional in appearance - they had more than enough leverage to do so.  And there are quite a few churches that were built in the 1970s that have a similar... aesthetic. So clearly it was something that was considered desirable for churches at the time. I don't understand the appeal, but I wasn't born for another decade, so yeah. I don't even like quite a few of the 80s and 90s styles and I lived through those fashion trends.
The building engineering maybe inspired from nature how trees have a central column and branches of a tall tree 🎄
Honestly, I'm glad it was him/his team that made this mistake (okay, the actual mistake was technically his team as he didn't know they had changed the design - but as the engineer of record, it was his responsibility). How many other ppl when discovering that mistake would take such immediate action to try to fix the problem? Such a responsibility would completely crush so many ppl. I suspect I would have likely driven into that bridge pier as he briefly considered doing - although I am certain I would have left a note explaining why in the hopes that someone else could fix my horrific mistake.
there was more of a chance for this tower to fall without being hit by a plane compaired to the trade centers. wake up
Should have hired a japanes architect
I have been there many times   They have a sister building in Queens on the other side of the East River
As a Chem/Process engineer this amount of pressure is what i thought i was going to be handling lmao
The building design reminds me of the Rainier Tower in Seattle also completed in 1977, though the Rainier Tower has no extra stilts and just a single arched central support column
Corporate-psychopathy and idiocy well on display here.
How is he responsible for the builders using bolts instead of welding as planned originally?
try spring loading the hinge so it has another damper slowing it down at the top then tell us the spring rate per buildng mass
This man is a rare gem of a million, letting himself be vulnerable to potential lifelong ruin to do the better thing and bring the issue to light. As a lifelong construction worker myself, I worry about how many thousands of projects get finished with an issue like this and the people responsible go "Oh well, nobody will ever know so let's just leave it as it is"
Wow, that is HIDEOUS. Disgusting they replaced anything at all with that ugly, ugly, ugly building.
27:38. This is the part that bugs me. It should not have taken that article before they went to the city and told them to update their building codes, and then sent that message nationwide and worldwide so nobody else ever had a chance to make that same mistake.
surprised he didnt pull a Larry Silverstein
This new "church" is an insult - praying to the holy concrete block or what?
The secrecy was immoral simply because the people at risk had a right to know about the risk so they could make the personal decision whether or not to take the risk themselves. The notion of causing panic is nothing more than excuse to save money, as the owners knew it would cost them millions in lost revenue. There's no excuse for this kind of corruption. The risk should have been made public as soon as it was known.
1:40 Somehow it looks like they cut corners on that church lol
This is a gripping story of engineering, ethics, and a hidden crisis! The fact that a design flaw, exacerbated by a cost-saving change, could have led to such a catastrophe is sobering. Bill Lameasure's actions were truly commendable. It's a powerful reminder of the responsibility that comes with designing the structures around us..
why did they replace their nice looking church by an ugly modern one? why not reconstruct it or reinforce it? and then american wonders why their cities look like crap
The new church is the ugliest i have ever seen...
can anyone explain to me why 16:11 he says those braces are in tension? if the wind is coming from the left in the diagram shouldn’t that brace be in compression?
Damm i wish i could eat as much as my kids  rhis all soon 😂
Why does the guy hosting this look so familiar?
"It's almost certainly the first time in history an engineer has come an architect and said "Let's make our job harder for us."  Nope. Knowing the history of even just 19th century building projects this is baldly untrue.
ALRIGHT HEAR ME OUT why didn't they just rotate the building in the plans by 45° so the columns can stay on the corners
1:40 WTF is that lol. That old gothic style church was beautiful.
God damn it bring back gothic architecture
Big picture, this building was unsafe because of compounding errors.  However today mysterious software packages punch out designs based upon algorithms, often by AI.  If there is an original error in a formula, it gets built into software and goes to thousands of different engineers who take the software on face value.  We are now in the realms of non-human engineering error cascade problems.  Go into the country.  Work next to a cow.  It's safer.
That poor, beautiful gothic church.
The church looks ridiculous . I would not attend .
Who was the megafool that designed such a mess in the first place?
What is 120 kph? 60 miles an hour? This is the us, not the stpid ass uk. Use us measurements
Great video! I remember this was an actual episode in Numb3rs, a student was killed to cover up that a building was improperly constructed and could fail in quartering winds, they installed a TMD to resolve it.
Crazy I was wondering where the building is located in NYC when it turns out I pass it everyday heading to work….
"I have a vision!!    60 stories high.... a massively tall and narrow, butt ugly square building on four stilts.   In a city surrounded by skyscrapers.  It'll be like a giant game of dominoes!" "Won't that be dangerous?" "No, we get around that by welding all the joints, nice and solid." "What if we just use wimpy bolts instead of welding?  🤔" "Okay fine.  Use 50 wimpy bolts instead." "No problem.  We used 10 wimpy bolts!!   We saved a bundle." (six months later, epiphany over coffee):  HANG ON!   THAT THING IS DANGEROUS
love this video, damn its so good better than a latin novel hahahha
Only child tower
The biggest crime of this video isn't the potential collapse of the tower, it's them replacing that beautiful church with that modernist eyesore
I used to work in one of the top floors of this building. You could feel it swaying when it was windy out. I though that was just how skyscrapers worked.
I weep for that Gothic church.
This is why you MUST play janga with your children.
Old crumbly building? No it was not. It was impossible for that type of building to be built in the 1800's. They erased our past and rewrote it. That 'church' was something else a long time ago. They all have cymatic patterns having to do with frequency. We used to be highly advanced. Now we are turned off and reprogrammed.
can you please do a moon landing hoax? video.
Великолепный выпуск!
He should've just smoked a joint 😂
1:36 he so casually dismisses an architectural marvel that if maintained would look wonderful for centuries as an "old crumbling gothic church" and simply says , and they replaced with  " a brand new one " ..  which is a concrete box...  like thats fine!   this sort of attitude disgusts me.  he has not a thought given to the destruction of history . quite happy to live in a dystopian hell void of art and culture
butterfly effect one student phone call saved thousands lives
I must be wrong and you guys are award winning architect 😂
Anyone that played Jenga knows this ain’t safe.
NJIT! Great school!
27:40:  PROBLEM, not "issue."
A great engineering perspective. We do hold a great responsibility in our profession.. We must never forget that...
Are you kidding me right now. Not only was it dangerous, BUT THAT WAS THE MOST JAW DROPPING GORGEOUS CHURCH. To build an ugly tower on stilts.
This shouldn’t have been confidential!
I feel like LeMessurier should lose his job and any credibility for risking lifes of tousands even if he "own up to his mistakes"
good job bro
If climate change increases hurricane strength, are buildings designed to handle this?
1:36 "old crumbling" more like ancient beautiful
its not only dangerous but it's also ugly too
you think china would have done this?
YouTube has been suggesting me this video everyday for a month now. This is single reason I'm watching this 😂😂  Edit: This is a great great great video, hats off ur channel for making such absolutely stunning documenteris..
1:36 "old crumbling gothic church" - in every other country they would see this church as wonderful and renovate it. The new one is just some ugly concrete structure. Unbelievable.  14:46 I am also surprised that such an apparently smart person cannot say the phrase "wreak havoc" properly and that the subtitles confirm that he said it wrong 😅.
thank  you .    ( 2025 / May / 03 )
I'm surprised that this was the first use of a tuned-mass damper in a skyscraper. The concept was not new. The 1967 Chevrolet Camaro convertible had tuned mass dampers on the front corners to minimize body shake and the Garrard record changer I bought in 1974 had what was effectively a tuned mass damper in the form of a rubber mounted counterweight. It seems that thought of putting something like that 1,000 feet in the air just hadn't occurred to anyone yet, although I should add that the examples I mentioned were passive dampers and the one in the Citicorp tower, with the story mentioning backup generators,  seems to have been an active one.
On January 18, 1978, just 3 months before this flaw started to get attention, the Hartford Civic Center collapsed in the original "Blizzard of '78", which gave up that title to an even bigger storm in February. In that collapse, a space-frame roof had been designed with software that was coded on the assumption that all the diagonal members of the structure would always be in tension, as they would be with an evenly spread snow load. But the 1978 storm had winds that redistributed the snow and rendered that assumption invalid, allowing the roof to collapse. Fortuitously, the city was shut down that night and the building was empty. The software was re-written and subsequent buildings, including the Gerald R. Ford Library, have been built safely. But, assumptions about tension VS. compression must have been on a lot of minds that year.
cyberpunk megabuildings now make sense
There was something he forgot LeMessurier
One of the most knowledgeable video of youtube platform. Must watch for all engineers
@0:09 it's not lemessurier who made the discovery but diane hartley who was a student at the time.
Anybody can see that's a Jenga stack about to fall down smh.
What a trash city.
I love how it’s “us,” “we,” and “I” … until he discussed the bad calculations and then it became “they.” 🙄
Putting thousands of unknowing people at risk, just to prevent a 'panic' - I think he was thinking more about is own financial losses - is imho unconscionable. As to 'owning his mistake': it is shameful the way he blames his team. He obviously didn't explain the full thought process he had designing the building and than played surprised that they didn't completely follow his train of thought on safety. So, good PR but still bad play.
I just wonder how the preassure from perpindicular wind is higher while area to which the wind is acting is way smaller than for quarter wind. And up to about 300 mph the shape is not a big factor just the area is a factor.
Forgot to mention Troller, a capable 4x4 which was later bought by Ford, but production stopped around 2021
Archetics and there it is
I'm not Christian, but i love Gothic Architecture, and it saddens me that the church building couldn't be at least relocated and that box built in its place.
what are the chances? - a random call from an undergrad who just luckily decided to study the building for thesis. - a storm just suddenly decided to turn 90degree for no reason.
As to the unlikeliness of the structural engineer choosing to make the job harder, it should be said that he chose to make the structure symmetrical.  edit: much as I love old Gothic (and gothic revival) churches, I'd hate to be in one during a proper continental winter. It was bad enough in 90s South East England.
How does a bolt into an already sturdy beam or joint increase strength? Are all bolts centered around the joints, meaning all 14 bolts would be required at the joints? Would the steel itself between joints support this load? Thanks to anyone who can reply with insight.
You say in your intro that the structural engineer realised there was a flaw, was this not the building where 1 if not 2 college students studied the building and it was pointed out to him that there was a structural defect?  If that is truly the case it’d interesting to know how he took that news?
Engineers are problem solvers
I thought it wasnt the main structural engineer, but a student using it as a case study who found the shocking calculation issue?
what an ugly church. i bet the architect is a jew
A man named "LeMessurier" didn't measure? 🤦‍♂
Doesn't it seam logical to assume winds can blow from any direction...or is it just me?
We always manufacture and install with a redundancy of 10
Thinking he was the only man in the world who knew it was flawed is crazy. Any average person could tell in one quick glance
A shithole like NYC would look better in rubbles.
I bet ya next time he will... LeMessurier twice.
make ai dubbing for your videos
I hope he hired new people for his firm after the bolt instead of welding incident.
Do building 7
Ok, I'm no structural engineer or architect, just a former welder and recent machinist. Am I the only one who thought replacing welds (which make several pieces of metal one if done correctly) with bolts posed more that the mentioned threat?? So if the bolts and holes weren't machined with INCREDIBLE accuracy, (maybe they were?) the beams could slide against each other creating a shear force on the bolts? And some devastating chatter when doing so (think cleaning a window)?  Also I would have never realized that even though winds blowing directly at the corners of the building make it seen more 'streamlined' with the way the thing is supported really just doubles the surface area for it to push on
Where are the Filipino fans? lol this song will be played 24/7 non-stop...
What a waste and squander for that site.  So many cool ways you could have designed around that church that would be way more stable and efficient and beautiful.
WTF is with the patriotic music over a story of American failure?
I worked in the building for years next to a reinforcing beam. The two story elevators are such a pain
The main problem coming from the 30th  floor aint no coincidence. They communicate through numbers.
I love how parents use the analogy you cant cheat on a test "what if you built a bridge and killed everyone" btw professionals cheat... FOR PROFIT all the time... go after them.
What a great guy, that took courage to solve
The greatest tragedy was St. Peters changing from a beautiful Gothic church into an ugly grey communist bunker.
The student is the MVP, without his question, they wouldn't have even known of this issue before disaster struck. How did so many professionals even overlook this?
wow amazing this building every exsitanced
Whats the blue elephant on his lapel?
First time I saw this building in an old book before it was rectified, I was mighty confused at how the building could be considered not a risk. I thought that maybe the engineers knew something I did not. Turns out they didn't.
Dude, that's Sprout Tower from pokémon gold & silver
Very responsible engineer. People owe him their lives because he spoke up
It won the ugly building award that year.
The people in the building, in the buildings nearby, and the whole city should have been told. If that building had fell while they were doing repairs they would have been murderers. Keeping this under wraps was disgusting yet  indicative of executive thinking in the U.S.😢
I work next door 😂
So the head of the church didn’t care that he could make a lot of money and do a lot of good: he just wanted to keep his precious church where it was. Then the new church is UGLY. Then the new building is not structurally sound! It’s like a bunch of falling dominoes!
never skip leg day
Lameasure fucked up la measurements
What's the difference between a surgeon and a structural Engineer? A surgeon only kills one person at a time.
This is just a cyberpunk megabuilding
Its the Sears Tower not Willis Tower.
The factor neither company would comment on the building or let you film inside. Ruin the opportunity to teach people and let them understand the world around them
As always an incredible documentary thank you
The fact this happened at all is so insane and stupid I can’t comprehend it.
replace the "Old crumbling gothic church" with a box 😲
the failure here is the architectural team for replacing an architectural masterpiece with bauhaus brutalist junk
That new church is a pale fraction of the ild one. What a downgrade.
If this exact same situation happened in the USSR, it would not be framed as a fascinating, quirky accident. It would be framed as truly horrendous and a menace with nothing but villains to blame. Shameful.
My mom worked in that building for 21 years. She’s mentioned many times how the building would creak or shake on windy days and her office door would open and slam on its own. It’s shocking it’s lasted this long 💀
Thank you for also ukranian version of your video in the another channel. Idk is your business about those channel or not, but thanks anyway
ARGH  I hate this comments section. (It’s currently May 2nd 2025, if it for some reason dramatically changes in the future hush I’m not talking to you.) I feel like almost everyone is;  A. Complaining about the church in the video which we received incredibly minimal information about  B. Overly praising the guy whose name I’ve already forgotten (sorry I’m pretty bad with names)  C. Overly vilifying or WAY overly vilifying the guy  D. Doing all of the above (which means lots of people arguing in replies about B and C)  E. Actually talking about liking the video itself (which may or may not still spark heated debates in the replies)
Okay, but who decided to use bolts instead of welding it?
He didn’t discover the flaw on his own. It was pointed out by an architectural student doing their dissertation on the building.
Good example of how much danger we could currently be in but the powers that be hide the truth and take your life in their hands to avoid financial ruin.
Check out the Rainier tower in Seattle. Built in 1977 and sometimes called the beaver tower, because it looks like a beaver is trying to cut it down.
A press blackout AND a storm veering from New York??? God was with this man.
yet again, cost is prioritized over safety! GO CAPITALISM
Night shift workers looking at the crew tearing off the walls at the office: 👁️👄👁️
The animation isn’t AI, right?
I almost skipped this because I’ve heard and read about this story so many times, but this video introduced me to a lot of new information that I had never heard about before
If you think that this is dangerous, search up the BNDES building in Brazil. It's a true engeneering marvel.
"it's cheap, but it can collapses" "deal"
I learned more about geometry from this video in 33 minutes , than I did during 4 years of Highschool.
Surely someone had to have misinterpreted the data about the bolts. It's hard for me to imagine someone ran those numbers and didn't get suspicious about the safety factor.
This story always makes me incredibly happy because for once, everyone did the right thing after realizing the mistake. There are so many cases where mistakes were buried out of greed or fear of personal ruin and it cost hundreds of lives or worse. I wish they made a movie out of this because it has everything: true genius, innovation, the big miscalculation/mistake, fate, a run against time, the sneaky repair efforts, the storm that turned around last minute, the averted PR crisis and the happy end.
you're the guy we saw filming on campus
Incredible short documentary! What a good example of acting ethically when all instincts may be saying "save yourself" from that unbelievable amount of pressure.
Cannot believe they knocked down that church 😮 disgraceful...
I wonder why the tmd needs power isn't it mechanical?
Pity they didn't show more of the nice church that replaced the old one. I had to google it to see that it is actually interesting. I understand that some people will regard any older building as better, I'd say twentieth century isn't particularly antique. Anyhow, this vid is not about that, it's about not shying away from responsibility and how a huge problem was taken head on.
Why aren't such high rises included with a ground 'wind suction which sucks in huge winds pressure constantly up to the sky😊much like a high rise wind tunnel free standing ( just think of how trains travel in tunnels, than made to stand rather than laid down 😅
You might be Hassidic
It seems something has been left out of this expose.  I watched another documentary on this building.  It was not the original engineer who caught the mistake, but Princeton University undergraduate student Diane Hartley who discovered the flaw.  The original engineers did not think to analyze vertical winds.  When she ran tests she found that the building would not hold up under vertical winds.  It seems this video does not give the credit for the discovery to the right individual.
Am I the only one who thinks the most criminal aspect of this story is the destruction of the original church?
1:40 - wow, that's a really ugly looking church
The shape of the bandage plates welded to fix the issue is telling me the initial welding design was wrong too !!
Mechanical engineers design weapons. Civil engineers design targets.
The ads is funny. They advertise data plan of 10GB for $23... and he says it's cheaper than roaming... My normal phone plan is 20€ (normal price, but I pay 16€ as my ISP is the same company), it includes unlimited data in my country (and also calls of course) and I get 35 GB of roaming in 110 countries... lol.
So contractors were able to make clandestine repairs (welding) to the steel beams in the middle of the night without anyone noticing, but we still don't want to admit that 9/1 One was an inside job???
Tragic loss of a beautiful building. I not a fan of churches but it looked amazing … and then they build this absurd building with no real structure 😢
he did not make the error. the person that changed to bolts did.
29:11 "I must be wrong she says" speaks to every woman engineer. Impostor syndrome not only hurts those experiencing it, but in this situation could have hurt thousands of lives.
That church redesign represents everything wrong with modern architecture and my hatred of it.
My Dad was a Civil Engineer in the New York area.  I wonder if he ever knew the full story of the Citicorp Building.  Fascinating stuff, and disaster averted thankfully.
He didn't make the discovery, a female sngineering student picked upp on it studying.
There's similar one in Wroclaw, Poland built in the 1950s and it is still standing.
“We have assessed the danger to you and decided it’s a risk we’re willing to take”
14:06 thankfully here in the US buildings are not affected by these winds as we have something called the "Quartering Act", which prevents these unruly winds from taking up unwanted residence in your skyscraper.
I mean, it looks like none of this was Le Messieur's fault? Everyone always blames HIM, but it wasn't his fault at all...
Well made video but the title is click bate that could be better phrased "Fixing the Most Dangerous Building in Manhattan" and being a bit more precise.
they left out the part about Diane Hartley, a student at Princeton inquired about the design and how it would withstand high winds. the structural engineer finally figured out the design flaw and fixed it. if it weren't for the student bringing it up no one would have caught the design flaw
Can you imagine if nothing had been done to prevent the building from collapsing, and during 9/11 it would have collapsed… conspiracy theorist brains would have exploded! lol
w algorithm , will def check out building next time im in nyc for a rave
This is a rare example of a person who took the difficult path and did the right thing.. I don’t know if that same situation would be handled the same way today.. It shows extreme courage and should be widely shared to help others..
As interesting as this is, I can't help but feel that the REAL INTERESTING story here lies within/beneath the St Peters Church. Once aware of the sick malevolence that enslaves our planet, the refusal to relocate and the special requests put forth by the church seem highly sus... iykyk
This was an interesting and well-crafted video to watch as a civil engineer in commercial construction.
“La measure” is a kick ass name for an engineer 😂
So i have question, if they had welded instead of bolting it , would the quatering wind be no issue then ?
He must've never heard why they rounded plane windows
Bro really has never seen how chairs work... put the pillars in the corners and have 4
You are an American producing videos primarily for an American audience.  I have no idea what 110kmh is and I don't  care.  Thumb down.
See tea Corp center.  One nine seven tea ate.
14:45 wreak? 🙂do we wreak havoc or wreck it, as wreaking means inflicting something bad, but wrecking something is breaking or ruining it. Wrecking havoc would mean to stop the havoc.     - A Grammar Cop
"There is nothing that says a bolt is inherently worse or better than a weld. You use them in different circumstances or different reasons."  There are definitely different use cases, but as a welder, I only use bolts if it is *supposed* to come apart. If it is supposed to be permanent, it's getting welded.
Worst trade deal in the history of trade deals.   Destroying a beautiful Gothic style church should be a crime, especially if your going to replace it with that stylistic abomination.
Jet fuel doesn't smelt church beams.
I think last time they made changes like this, was around 2001. That seemed to work pretty fast. OH CHILL, it's two decades ago. You voted for proud boys trump anyway.
And the people of New York rejoiced, for they would be safe from collapsing skyscrapers forever more. The end
thank you so much for your Science, information, and generosity. May GOD reward you
the fact that they got away with this without telling anybody is appalling this is a massive moral violation it’s great they were able to fix this but the public has a right to know when there is a potential danger especially the men and women working inside the building themselves
NOOOO THE CHURCH WTFFFFFFFFFFF
17:11 IM SORRY THEY DIDNT USE THE CORRECT SAFETY FACTOR?!?! My engineering heart hurts
*Inhale - COUGH cough cou~ * "all right what are we doing" *looks at youtube first thing sees* "Veritasium dangerous buildings - alright im down."
Engineer: "hmm something is certainly wrong." The building: *is supported by four sticks*
jesus, i would have puked right away, finding out about that mistake lol.
When LeMessurier didn't Messurier.
Check out the Agia Dynamis church in Athens as another example of a church with a modern building built around it.
I'm glad to hear that ethics are still being taught! It's too bad that they aren't being embraced and practiced these days...
I find two things problematic. (First) the downgrade of that beautiful gothic church into a sterile featureless block.  and  (Second) was not telling the public who was working in the building that their lives were in danger.  taking risks is An individuals decision to make, not yours.  (while I applaud the courage to fix your mistakes) that situation would have gone south for thousands of families. because you wanted to shield from shame or lawsuits and protect your bottom line.
“Bill LeMessurier” the Measurer bro ??? bro is Bob the builder fr
This straight up looks like a minecraft mob farm.
good channel
So is it the churches fault or the builders fault
Personally I’d catch it if it fell
Wow … what a great man!  The embodiment of integrity.
I thought hurricane season was over
What is it lately with content creators trying to shoehorn their producers and partners into their videos?  Sorry, I am just not into it.
Fortunately the competition of skyscrapers has ended.
Why were the flag poles removed from the front of the building between 2016 and 2017?
Virtually unwatchable because of the incessant obnoxious commercial interruptions.
This video really makes me question 9/11
Is there any chance you could not put adds in the middle of the video. It's not fair for those of us that pay to have adds removed. Imagine paying for a pint of beer only to find the barman put a couple of units of water in your drink and you were not getting what you are paying for.
This needs to be a movie
You know what didn't suffer a tragic miscalculation in design and implementation - that old church! Hahaha. It probably was there for decades if not more than a century.
Tuned Mass Damper is a great song by EL-P
I don't get it, has something happend with this building recently or what? Suddenly I get like five diffrent "mini documentaries" as suggestion on Youtube about this building and all of them were made in like the last two weeks or so, why?
Does it bother anybody else that LeMessurier's and Citicorp's decision to not disclose anything is not questioned? That was NOT an ethical approach at all. The potentially affected people and the city had the right to know.
Scraping the bottom of the barrel, huh? You should make another fake video like the wind car.
Hearing the Green Dot Aviation music at 1:08 made me shiver 😂
It's crazy that people used to do all this on PAPER. No CAD software. And these guys probably think the same about ancient construction peojects like the pyramids.
I hate the fact that admitting a mistake like this risks professional and corporate ruin. Admitting your mistakes should be the pinnacle of professional responsibility.
8 milion views in 5 days is crazy...
I hope the student became a renowned architect or engineer. They deserve an award.
Why not just build at the 3 corners instead of being dumb and putting the columns in the middle? Life's hard enough without making things more difficult.
Holy crap. Just looking at that building gives me anxiety. The fact that building regulations weren't updated to include quartering winds until TWENTY YEARS LATER when this came out publicly, is utterly disgusting.
I think this is in almost every engineering curriculum in some way.
The church Gothic architecture would be amazing surrounded by skyscrapers. So sad they removed it.
“…this old crumbling gothic church with a brand-new one”  Whatever that big ugly cuboid thing is, it’s certainly new but that’s about all I can say
From a beautiful Gothic church to that .. JAIL
As a structural engineer, this video is a gem.
Stupidness knows no limits. How dumb must a priest's and investor's team be to conceive this 'Gump's Tower'?
It's funny how if something like this were to happen in China or the SU, it would automatically be proof that communism doesn't work... Also the one-phonecall telephone lines would be proof of corruption if it were any other country... Keeping everything secret from the public? Well, democratic secrets!
😮
I’m not an engineer but I can pretty much could tell you this building was a bad idea
Funny that for someone called Le Measure, measurements were the hardest part of the job
IRON MAN
Wait so nobody's acknowledging the fact that he risked tens of thousands of lives in the name of 'panic'? He did the right thing to rectify the mistakes but at the cost of risking lives??? To me he doesn't seem to be the one who should be idolized. He should have informed the authorities and then maybe rectified his mistakes... The comments from the idolizers here would have been the opposite if things were just a bit different. Things could have gone wrong on so many levels... The people living and working there at that time were pretty lucky
he couldn't stay silent.. he 'd be responsible if it collapsed
Blows my mind anybody even wants to live in new york
These things are a death trap waiting to happen
26:44 I swear this building has plot armor with the news and phone to this with the storm
It all comes to that quote from Chernobyl series, "Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later, that debt is paid."
I swear ive seen this before I'm so confused
25:00
When you have to fix your bugs in production branch
did anyone bother to do any vector calculus for this or he was just playing it by ear/one dimensional algebra??
This is a classic case of money overshadowing everything else in a country that puts money above everything, and I mean everything, even beyond sound reason.
Destroying old gothic buildings like that church should be a crime.
Any specific reasons why you would only pronounce half of he's name ? @veritasium
This is an unbelievably obvious. Oversight .  A fifth grader would figure it out .  And they knocked down a church for that piece of trash
Amazing!!!!
It's amazing that they had to do all those calculations. I just looked at the building at I could tell that that structure wouldn't hold up to strong winds, and I'm not even an architect. Well, I'm a pretty experienced engineer with electronics, robotics, mechanical designs etc.
I've heard about this building in short videos, it was never this serious before I saw this video
So, it was all start with that church.......
Pp
there was no excuse to not tell the public about this. They just got lucky nothing bad happened.
I just know that this is gonna be in someone’s fyp in 6 years
Geez. A 400 ton weight on the roof, above people's heads? What could possibly go wrong?
Good question i cant even build a house on property i own with out a million permits and city up my ass and my house will only hurt me if it falls
Hear me out: let's stop building upwards because it's a waste of resources. Make a limit on birth rates. Lower the population back to where we were prior to needing tall structures. Move on with life.
That church looked waaaaay better before. And I'm glad they were able to solve the issues and prevent a disaster
LeMessuriers meassurements were immeasurable
this video has a remarkable story and it is well told, please do more like this!
Watching this video was so anxiety-inducing
New York is the place to use metric conversions!Mph please?
aint ts a mob farm
totally insane design.  Just have stable base.
I was born in 78
I want to know how many people were left employed at his firm after that mistake... "Eh, bolts, welds, doesn't matter. And four should be fine."
This story is literally what happens when you get lucky with dumb accidents. Just so happens that he calls in and finds out about the bolts. Just so happens people were curious about his work. Just so happens that he was working on a proj that caused him to think about other forces. Just so happens there was a news strike. He should have bought a lotto ticket. I swear
I'm a civil engineering students, this video was very interesting
Makes you wonder how many older skyscrapers have flaws that nobody ever figured out !!
How was this video allowed.  The most dangerous waste of time in or out of manhattan.
Crazy it would have been considered a miracle for them to consider diagonal winds seems like basic due diligence to me
It was actually two students that figured it out and contacted him.
Actually an architectural student noticed the defect first.
can’t believe that beautiful gothic church was destroyed
The first error was to change the Gothic style
Such a well put together video🙏 thank you for the work put in🙌
That church is an eyesore.
Contractors and architects put massive pressure on Civil engineers. Many times in my career engineers have got me out of trouble
1:40 9/11 just made sense to me
the fatal flaw wasnt the wind. its the 2 legs used as a "foundation" idiotic.
The fact that they were allowed to destroy that church and then replace it with what looks like the entrance to a fancy metro is crazy.
Money is the " Blood of this world ". That strike was planned and paid for by the bankers. It was not organic.
If anyone is still arguing that architects are important. This is a living proof that architects are just dreamers whilst engineers make their things happen
Replacing "old crumbling gothic church" with a giant paver.
SLOPED ROOF + ICE STORM? Well it happened. And tons of ice and snow came sliding down crushing cars. Fortunately nobody was killed. Eventually they installed heaters on the roof. Just another event that was unforeseen.
This whole video all I could think about is how crazy it must have been for this guy, and the city of New York, to eventually see how devastating the damage from that skyscraper falling could've been once 2001 rolled around 😮
It wasn't even LeMessurier's mistake. It was the company that ALTERED his prescriptions for using not enough bolts when the plans called for welds.
Shortest takeaway of this story: we should not show off when doing things, especially designing the buildings. No showing off no problems, a little bit of showing off 300% the problems
Everybody makes mistakes, no matter how skilled or experienced. Then multiple that by everybody working on a project. Just as scientists correcting their research papers should be a sign of confidence in their work, so too should doctors, engineers etc. correcting their work be seen as. Especially when it’s a profession where lives are at stake.
Knew this was citicorp center the instant I saw the thumbnail, but I've heard the story incorrectly apparently. I always heard that the student discovered the flaw and pointed it out to the incredulous architect, who then did the (somewhat late) due diligence of looking into it. I guess that's the more sensationalist version of events
👉🏻 BULL 💩 👈🏻  HE DIDN’T MAKE THE DISCOVERY!  Diane Hartley, an architecture student at Princeton University DID!  Bill LeMessurier CAUSED IT!
2:12 looks like a scene straight out of Archer lol
berserk
People Sign the Petition to Oppose the CCP’s Forced Organ Harvesting    People sign the petition to condemn the CCP’s forced organ harvesting.  On February 22, a woman in Horsens said, “I feel bad. These dead people have no dignity. They are treated like animals by the butchers. They have no identity, no age, no proof, no statement of their wishes before death, or whether they agree to their bodies being exhibited.”  After a young man signed the petition from the Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting (DAFOH). He said, “My mother just saw the exhibition and took your materials home. After reading the materials carefully, she was shocked and asked me to sign for her. I hope to do my part to support Falun Dafa practitioners’ just actions against the persecution and against organ harvesting.”  On March 2 in the port city of Frederikshavn, two female doctors working in a hospital saw the problems of the body exhibition clearly with their professional expertise. One said, “As a doctor, I understand the structure of the human body and can see that some of the human specimens have traces of injuries on the bones, indicating that the deceased may have been tortured. Moreover, these corpses are not marked with their source, age, cause of death, purpose of the donor, and other detailed information.  “From these two points I see, I know what you said is true. These human specimens are questionable.”  They talked to Falun Gong practitioners who came to the body exhibition to raise awareness of human rights persecution in China and said, “We understand your concerns and support your righteous actions.” They signed the DAFOH petition to support the effort to expose forced organ harvesting.  At noon, four middle-aged people drove to the exhibition. A practitioner told them, “The exhibition organizer did not show evidence of where these bodies came from. The CCP is currently persecuting Falun Gong and other dissidents, and removing their organs while they are alive for huge profits. These corpse specimens all look like Asians. They are likely to be prisoners of conscience in China, suffering cruel persecution by the CCP’s dictatorship.”  After they quietly listened, they took the materials and walked into the exhibition hall. But they soon came out.  One of them said, “We changed our minds and decided not to buy tickets to see the exhibition. We do not support such an exhibition.” They signed the petition and thanked practitioners.  A couple came out of the exhibition hall and were about to get in their car, when a practitioner told them that the human specimens might be from prisoners of conscience in China, and their organs might have been harvested alive. They were shocked. The woman’s eyes filled with tears and the couple signed the petition.  After seeing the exhibition, many people signed the petition. Some said, “What you said is true. I support you in exposing the persecution and the organ harvesting.” People talked with practitioners for a long time, and said they wanted to know more about the persecution.  Many people asked what they could do to help. A practitioner said, “Your signature is a support for us. You can tell your friends and relatives that the CCP persecutes Falun Gong practitioners and other innocent people, and harvests human organs on a large scale and in an organized manner to make huge profits. The bodies in this exhibition might be from prisoners of conscience in China. Let more people know the truth, and we can stop the persecution in China as soon as possible.”  People were deeply concerned by the cruel human rights violations. Some people suggested that citizens should call for legislation in Denmark so that such controversial exhibitions can be prevented from being held in Denmark in the future.
Im sure you’ve uploaded this before
Of course this turns into a crap cellphone ad !!🤯🙄
DO BUILDING 7
This botched Management Of Change with a last minute design change done to save money for the construction reminds me of what happened with the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse.
Whoever designed the church deserves to lose his hands. That was the ugliest thing I have ever seen.
They really destroyed an old gothic church and replaced it with a cold war bunker lol
why is guy wearing lipgloss...
City Corpse Center 🪦 🌆
It tells a lot about a man who is willing to go back on his previous work, realize their is a catastrophic situation that could happen, go to work to find a solution, present it, take the responsibility for it and do what needed to be done to fix it. Not that many people do that and thats why theres so many catastrophic events involving human structures   So huge props to him
They removed the church for such an ugly building
wrr
"With thousands of lives at risk, there was never any other choice but to act" I wish that was true, so many incidents have happened and will happened because a single person wants to save their money, career and reputation, I'm glad this architect was one of the good ones
beef tallow
looks like a minecraft mob farm
Not surprising that this entire debacle started with the arrogant hubristic stench of Citicorp.
I remember this story from an introduction to engineering class
I couldve told you that, before the whole thing went up
How do you secretly weld in an office? Melted (or molten?) steel sprinkles everywhere, you can't simply clean that off, it will leave a burn mark. Carpet has to be removed before, but the sprinkles even stick to glass. And then there are the fumes. Probably still noticable the next day but the main issue is the fire warning system in combination with fumes. Was it deactivated for welding? Was that approved, who signed that off? Did the insurance know about it,... I am not into conspiracy theories, but some bribes her, some leverage there, a job for the useless college dropout son there,.... can go a long way and is far cheaper then amitting a mistake and suffer the consequences.
They allowed a pastor to make a ridiculous demand. Either shouldnt have built it, or just gotten rid of the pastors influence
Arrogance and Stupidity, which makes up the entirety of modern architecture.
You guys really neet to tone down the adds. I get one ad, maybe two, screech...  But what's happening with your vid is insane!
everyone forgot about the twin towers already?
I cannot fathom how anybody could blame Mr. LeMessurier for the _contractor_ suggesting a cost saving measure. _Yes,_ he was the original architectural engineer, but the _client_ made the decision to allow the bolts in place of the welds _without_ consulting Mr. LeMessurier. He got poked by that student, re-ran the numbers, called to make sure everything was _as designed,_ found out it _wasn't,_ and then did the right thing by making sure that structure didn't fall down.  If his career had come to an end because of _somebody else's_ mistake, that would have been utterly tragic.  This world we live in.....
As a 1st year architecture student, i just realized how important math is in my profession🥲
I'm sorry did I hear correctly that this building will still fail at a 1 in 1000 year storm? That still sounds like an unacceptable risk to me. It should survive a damn tornado given the thousands of lives it might cost if it fails.
Tax the churches
"old crumbly church" was beautiful and historical. Such a shame.  We have a few of these kinda build on top of other buildings, but its much shorter, square foundations and the og church is kept. My old company does it - BUILT Sydney, they use courier weights etc. they do pretty great stuff
"It would've toppled into another building"  Yet 2 other towers with weakened and broken joints managed to collapse straight down 🤔  Also, how great a hurricane stayed in NC so a nyc building and person wouldnt be ruined... No empathy...
disgusting - replacing a beautiful old gothic church with ugly a piece of absolute crap
Was the architect Jewish ? (Brutalist)
Funny that Americans will see an old Gothic church as something worth tearing down, but they will go to a European country and marvel at the renovated façade of some old Gothic church and commend the values of the community.
28:22 MASSIVE!? That’s crazy
Why does the city not the do its job in controlling building safety? People should have been jailed for that.
Why didnt they rorate the building to be a diamond instead of a square? So the stilts will be at the corners
Não mais perigoso que as torres gêmeas
I don't live in New York, but I still decided to watch this video.😂
i hate the church
and this is why no matter how minor , all good engineers & architects informs each other of any and all changes or details any construction equation or physical observation reveals , or highlights the lack of , and if higher ups or 'associates' themselfs decides to try ignore something then that lack of morals is on their conscience and the golden rule enraged mobs social karma to  :/ like a chain , buildings are no stronger then their weakest parts
That has to be the ugliest church I have ever seen
D
6:47 MASSIVE!? That crazy
"Old crumbling church" It was 100000 times better than whatever the hell is that now...
Moronic
@veritasium ...it wasn't him who discovered it, it was an engineering/architect student (cant remember) that alerted him, to which he then investigated and confirmed
. ... Do you know Jesus Christ can set you free from sins and save you from hell today   Jesus Christ is the only hope in this world no other gods will lead you to heaven    There is no security or hope with out Jesus Christ in this world come and repent of all sins today   Today is the day of salvation come to the loving savior Today repent and do not go to hell Come to Jesus Christ today   Jesus Christ is only way to heaven  Repent and follow him today seek his heart Jesus Christ can fill the emptiness he can fill the void  Heaven and hell is real cone to the loving savior today  Today is the day of salvation tomorrow might be to late come to the loving savior today  Romans 6.23  For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord.  John 3:16-21   16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.  18 He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.  19 And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light, because their deeds were evil.  20 For every one that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved.  21 But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God.  Mark 1.15  15 And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.  2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slack concerning his promise, as some men count slackness; but is longsuffering to us-ward, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.  Hebrews 11:6 6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Jesus
I've seen a lot of churches throughout my life, and can say, without a doubt, that that is the UGLIEST church I've ever  seen.  I hate "modern" churches. Ugly pieces of crap.
putting a ring tone in the ad break was devilish
kitkat black chocolate i want to break free is crazy
A five year old child could tell you that this building was unstable using wooden blocks on the floor of a preschool classroom !
“Get the bolts out of here, and weld on - we’ll get pounded by quartering winds.” - “Alright guys, just got the call from the boss man, he says well done, we’re gonna bolt out of here and get a quarter pound of wings.”  Sounds like they needed better phone reception!
Use MPH or go home. This is a video about America, we use MILES PER HOUR.  No one can relate to your KPM claims.  NEWBS.
The thing about Veritasium video - 10 billion ads.
It's a good thing LeMessurier went back and le-measured his building properly
That church getting destroyed  was the only crime  here
You gotta look into why all these guys have their ideas on a napkin, is it whilst eating we get our best ideas??
Great video! You can feel the blood pressure rising in the cartoon character representing LeMessurier.
I thought a college student discovered this issue.
The biggest disgrace about this story is replacing that beautiful church with a hideous box.
kilometers? Get this european garbage outta here
most crazy thing about this is that they destroyed that magnificent church and replaced it with a concrete cube. Modern design is the downfall of humanity.
"Let's replace this old, crumbling, beautiful, historic gothic church with a concrete block" - "Great idea!" said the corporate overlords....
My question was who kept cheaping down the design? If LeMessurier only found out about the bolts years after the building was done, and never directly approved stepping down from welds, or he would have been aware at least, who kept making the decision to cheap out the design until it became a problem? Who kept overriding the original design without consulting the engineer? That's who should have been sweating.
I can't believe they torn down such beautiful building to build that ugly aberration of a church.
Ok so i've heard of this before but the class I took just talked loosely about the actual engineering and more about the ethics. So I didnt know which building it was.  BUT, back in the 90s when i was a kid, I got a little miniature Independence Day (the movie) playset. It was a model New York City that the alien ship would drop a marble on and the buildings would fall over. It had the World Trade Center, Chrysler Building, Empire State Building, and this Citicorp building and it even stood up by fitting into a little hole that was a +. Since I was like, 9, I just didnt know what building that was but hey now I know!
Leave it to the Asians to turn a Tuned Mass Dampener into a beautiful clock tower bell-like piece of art. 👍👍
This should be a movie
"I almost dropped my baby" is wild
This is straight out of a movie yo
I'm not an engineer, but Marina City in Chicago was built with a load bearing core and the floors were suspended all around the core center.
They replaced this masterpiece with that piece of sh@t...
So that it falls before the plane-
Almost 10 seconds in, noticed a pretty big oversight - I've heard this story before, and the sentence "Bill LeMessurier made a terrifying discovery" isn't wholly true. Hopefully the rest of the video gets into it, but the discovery was made by **Diane Hartley** - an engineering student who was writing her thesis on the design of CitiCorp Center who double-checked the calculations for wind-loads and found the structure inadequate for quartering winds.
Nothing more American than destroying a beautiful Gothic church to build an ugly concrete block.
The crime is allowing people to still work at the building after finding there was a problem. Good people own up to the mistake. Bad people try to hide the mistake. He try to hide it. Villain in my book
The building near ikea in new haven is a similar dangerous concept because its just supported in the middle like half way up with the elevator shafts and stair towers and a few pillars
Actually I can think of two other buildings in Manhattan that were more dangerous than this one.
oh the building from SUITS
Each field in engineering has its own responsibilities. Even the tiniest mistake by a network engineer can compromise millions of sensitive data points, a mistake by a chemical engineer can destroy health across states, a mistake by a structural engineer can lead to thousands of deaths... Respect those who keep this world running, and if you're among them, respect ethics.
Tuned mass dampers are huge in downhill mountain biking right now!
hhe lemeasured and lecalculated
Emulec x 96 green screen
That woman literally saved thousands of people, by doing a college thesis 😭 Absolutely amazing!! ❤️
2:29 this is the type of thing that happen when a fake preacher puts pride and money over what is best for everyone.
FORM FOLLOWS FUNCTION!!!!!
wasent it a student that told him there was a major flaw in his desighn during costruction tho?
And today, there are whole textbooks about emotional pressure and the weight of responsibility.
This is the perfect example of "An Architect's dream is an engineer's nightmare"
Actually, America was founded on Anglo-Saxon "myths" of the individual.  Not Christian "myths".  Most so-called "educated" folks don't even know these deep basic facts.
What a humbling story of engineering..
Anyone that has done anything knows 4 bolts is not enough. Even car wheels have more.
New church looks like c&$p.  Curves come from the Psyche (just below the chest, our "center").  Angles, especially rectangles/squares, come from the head.  Ideologies etc..  The religion of the America is "corporate capitalism", with not mystical dimension.  A false religion.
Looks like crap too.  Architects' egos and city councils (group minded lunacies) have caused many design disasters, instead of what most people who live-work near the building want!
I'm not an engineer and could have told them this was a terrible design.
Funny handshakes and brown envelopes is how it was built. 🤷‍♂️
A woman who was the ONLY ONE doing this project at the time is "rumored" to be the one to make the call, yet a random man steps up later and they all believe him? That is just wrong. And the way they mention she is "holding her baby" when she finds out she was referenced on the news. That's a way men take away the the lack of credit given by saying oh, she has a baby so she doesn't need attention anymore. Great documentary video, but GIVE HER THE CREDIT SHE DESERVES!
Skyscraper on stilts?  What could go wrong??
"Sir, I ordered a quantum pizza just for you." "Toppings include: Schrödinger’s cheese, entangled pepperoni, and a superposition of your soul." "Until observed, it’s both hot and cold, eaten and untouched, delicious and imaginary." 🍕🌀🧬 "Warning: Collapsing the wavefunction may trigger hunger."
Just watched this with a slice of quantum pizza topped with Schrödinger's cheese and entangled pepperoni. Until observed, it's both understood and confusing. 🍕🌀🧬"
stupid ass church’s fault
Crazy that I worked in that building.
You see how easy it is to make adjustments to building critical structure without the public even noticing it. Exactly the same case on 9/11 where they mounted explosions on the beams. No camera was working prior to 9/11 inside WTC 1 and 2 due to "maintenance"
"Let's have all the weight aimed toward the center!" Where there's one of the problems.
the hurricane really went up and hocked up the sickest loogie, made eye contact with NY for a good minute, turned and absolutely blasted Canada 💀
Well... I guess he didn't laMeasure that very well...
Good on him for coming forward. Its tough, when you realise there is a mistake with great risk, both personal in coming forward and communal in not coming forwards. He made the right choice.
Who wants to live in that of that buildings neighborhood?
Good luck at your show
The idea they let people keep working in the building and repaired in secret is kinda horrifying. Those people had no idea they were working in a death trap. The callousness of trying to do these repairs in secret is why I really dislike "job creators". The jobs they create are all about keeping themselves safe and comfortable. As if jobs that help the less fortunate aren't worth creating.
They safer than buildings in Türkiye pretty sure
The real crime is changing that beautiful gothic design for a block of concrete.   On a serious note, I'm not sure how I feel about how they kept this risk a secret. I know they were prepared for an evacuation, but was it their place to wait till the last moment? They speak about not causing panic, but that conveniently also avoids potential lawsuits and huge costs...  (20:10) I don't get his logic here, though I know one doesn't think logically in such situations. If you are gonna end your life, you might as well do good by warning everyone about the building first. It's not like his death would have magically changed the building. It would have fallen regardless, so why not at least prevent that? If suicide is already on the table, getting punished after revealing the fault wouldn't be relevant
HOPE YOU SEE THIS ! PUT A 20V MOTOR AND STOP PULLING THAT TOWER MOCK MODEL.
Good thing the US uses imperial measurements....
10:31 which lipgloss is it? Or is it just chips fat? 😊
Diane Hartley discovered the problem with Citicorp. However, it was Lee DeCarolis who took the info to LeMessurier who had to fix the problem.
Wasn't it a female graduate student who pointed it out? First ten minutes kind of leave out the hero of the story. Diane Hartly from Prinston?
I ve had this on repeat all day
that "old crumbling gothic church" was way prettier than the barn-shaped atrocity that replaced it. Also, very funny that a gothic church was there at all. Did, like Quakers build it?
Why would u destroy a beautiful gothic church… for that
What an absolute travesty they let become of that beautiful old church.
I think the error here is designing a never before done building within a cost cutting system. This building should have been overbuilt with factor of safeties increased.
21:10 To better put how gigantic of an operation this was, it required almost all available licenced welders in NYC working exclusively off-hours and in absolute secrecy almost in a surreptitious way. 🤯  Salute! 🫡
Someone tracked down Diane Hartley and did an interview with her. Do a search here and you'll find it.  As for Bill, he's a pretty unlikeable figure who believed too much in himself and got careless with his building design as a result. Then what makes him even more despicable is he covered it up for almost 20 years to save his reputation. He could have brought these issues to light back then as a lesson to other building designers. He chose to save his own hide instead. Then, in the end, acts like he was the hero. If there was no Diane Hartley, that building collapses, and Bill goes down in history much differently.
Why does this not generate electricity
Clickbait to sell adsense.
(22:24) "they didn't warn the public or even the office workers" "they silently diagnosed the problem and pulled off Operation SERENE"  > This is why DIE is so dangerous—there are overqualified people working in the background preventing mass disasters which most plebs won't realize, nor appreciate, and therefore can't factor in this understanding when making carefree luxury belief decisions.
Finally a good story of engineers, an engineer's name becomes famous only when something collapses and they built it... people don't realize how much engineers struggle to avoid things that eventually (fortunately) never happen. By the way this video is amazing
I learned why Chevron gas' logo makes so much sense.  I feel smarter today ty
Thought the dude was doing a borat impression at 0:31
The last section is quite a shame. Yes, it is poor image to draw focus to your faults, but I'd argue that revealing how you go about fixing your faults is a more powerful story than some image of perfection.
0:20 the prequel to 9/11
Any Dycks in your family?
i dont understand how a few million make a difference in such a huge building
1:38 crumbling but million times more beautiful than this modern nonsense of churches looking like bunkers instead.. 2:30 and for uglier looks, for uglier results.. that engineer and designer never should have hired again after this failure.
i literally declined a job in a similar looking building in San Francisco because of the bottom looking like that. No thanks. lol
Trump has certainly nothing to do with it....
I don't know what brought me here. I never looked this up YT recommended it to me. I was enthralled with how Informative and professionally done this turned out to be. Very well done! Earned a sub!
What a riveting watch, and what an extraordinary man LeMessurier was. Hats off to his integrity!
"If you see something that is a social risk. You must do something."  Someone tell the pharmaceutical, oil and gas, mining, combustion engine manufacturers, cigarette, food and beverage industries. How about Nestlé, Nike, Apple, Amazon, PayPal? Heck, tell the Governments of the World. 😮
Walter Wriston looks exactly like Chuck McGill from Better Caul Saul (Michael McKean).
That church restoration was the most disastrous destoration in Manhattan. It looks like a Dyson vacuum head.
When your last name is Le Measure, what else would you grow up to be !?
Im not into structural engineering, but this was fascinating. This is a great tale of accountability. He saw a problem acted fast and taught others the lessons he learned. What a great man!
didn't understand how the force becomes double!
0:27 *"I thot Hurricane season was over!"*
There was little to no major new building construction in NYC during those years, so city government would never say no. There was so little work for the building trades my brother, a steamfitter, was forced to temporarily relocate to the South.
In a city of giants, one voice uncovered the flaw that could’ve brought it all crashing down. Feels like the plot of a movie, but it actually happened 🍿 🎥 🎦
I think I just found world ugliest church. Whoever took it down should be jailed.
i am not a civil engineering student but i wonder how this building is going to survive in case of massive earthquake?
Awesome video. Much better than the clickbaity thumbnail.
dumbass ugly architecture is always the most dangours ones i swear to got walkietalkie then this xacto knife looking ass
When I clicked this video I thought to myself "God I hope it was something complicated they messed up, like dynamic effects. It can't be something as elementary as diagonal winds?"  As a structural engineer I have to say I was very disappointed. I'd expect more from a top engineering firm designing skyskrapers in Manhattan.
Have to admit that it takes guts to own up to your mistake like that and actually fix it.  Man could've let it fall down, blame his company and leave for a comfortable live in a country with a weak legal system without ties to the US. Instead, he came up with a solution. Mad respect for that.
The life of an Engineer. The life of a Civil Servant. Long live the profession of Engineers & Architects. Salute.
In Galveston in 1972, the American National Insurance building was built and was-is a stilt-based building that is very similar to the CityCorp bldg. But the building in Galveston has only 23 floors, a third of the height of City Corp, so no reinforcement was needed after construction. Nevertheless, could a high-category hurricane one day put too much tortion on it?
if only corporations would apply the same level of responsibility as this engineer did.
The biggest crime in this video is what they did to that church
So now WTC 7 collapsed due to wind according to this fake channel.??
amazing...
The design/construction of the new church vs "The old, crumbling, gothic church" is the real crime here!!!!  Looks like a concrete box!!!
The new church is frankly unsightly, perhaps even an abomination to our Lord. It is sad that the old church wasn't restored to it's full glory instead of putting some ugly skyscraper on top of it.
8M views in 4 days? The heck?
ah yes, of course, they replaced the "old crumbling gothic cathedral" with a concrete block and a rectangular monument to hubris that _literally_ can't survive a stiff breeze. a truly inspired choice. it's not like that old building was based on similar buildings that have stood for hundreds of years. who cares about trifles like beauty or intangible cultural value? people like giant, plain concrete blocks now, haven't you heard? buildings need to get with the times and cater to the fabled "modern audience," or be demolished by giant banking conglomerates. we truly are at the pinnacle of history. our poor, backwards ancestors had no idea what they were missing!
Should never have been built in such a place.   So much disaster potential.   All for greed really.
Goth church only looks good to goths not to good honest Christian folk
now do building 7
1:36 and we have found our first mistake. Why would you tear down a gothic church 🤦
bro the church looks so stoopidly ugly now
That engineer was ahead of he's time but obviously humble and knew to correct mistakes.
Shame the old church went and didnt get renovated, gothic architecture is amazing
You should make a video about Taipei 101!
Does the Tuned Mass Damper have perfect pitch? 😂
Wow replacing that beautiful church with the new one almost hurts me. That thing is laughably ugly.
"City Corp Center" looks and sounds like a Siberpunk building!!
Wow the church got screwed it was so beautiful. The destroyed it
Can you squeeze anymore f'n ads in this episode? Jesus...
Im not a math person but the 1 in 16 chance mentioned around the 20 minute mark may be incorrect if it assumes the damper isnt working.
i dont even like churches but that new one looks so bad. old one was so cool what the hell
Multiple instances of incorrect SI prefixes, e.g. 19:19 "Km", should be "km". As a physics channel, you shouldn't be making such simple mistakes.
that sht is still unsafe
15:24 I dont get that, because it was the first thing I thought about. Not for the reasons that mattered but just because its where the supports were not so seemed like the most important thing to consider.
I showed my Dad, who is a retired structural project engineer who worked for the largest engineering firm back in the day, he specialized in industrial engineering because in his words, "it wasnt as bare bones for profit, we got to design things properly" as commercial engineering like highrises where saving money is the name of the game so to say. I am a formwork carpenter who has worked on many high rises through the years, now im a safety officer. My Dad has built sawmills, pulp and paper plants, oil field plants, US submarine base, American Iraq bases, melting nuclear waste into glass and storing it under ground which didnt go anywhere. LNG, etc  I showed him this video and he really liked it. He said it might be too technical for the average person and I lol'd because you did a good job explaining things and I think this video is easy to follow. He said it's now code to do a wind tunnel test for every high rise build, i'm not sure when that became code though, he didnt say.   He said the bolts they must have ordered to spec would be pretty dang big if there were only to be four of them. I forget what he said, but an inch and a half or something, I forget. He also said it's also mandatory to do the quarter wind calculation thing, which he couldnt come up with the word, I had to fill in when he was searching for the word, I am worried about dementia, for my grandfather had it. He's almost 80. He was in charge of a saw mill that Japan paid for in Fiji as reparations for what they did to them in WW2,  as an apology. We lived there when I was young. The Fijian workers lived on site. They jackhammered concrete with elastic slingshots with hardened metal chisel, just wild eh.   My Dad said the Chevron beams are very good and still used all the time, but the beams use friction bolts and not bearing bolts. Bearing bolts, picture a bolt in a hole, with a gap around the bolt connecting two girders. There would be clamping force mating the beams, but there is a gap around the bolts, call it 1/16th of an inch total. He said the holes in the 1970s would not be equidistant perfectly matched from hole to hole to slide a whole 1/16th but the mating surface, although torqued down together, would still slide past each other, compression and tension. When there are SO MANY bolted girder beams making up the whole building, that's A LOT of shifting, and the video did not touch on this. A modern building would use friction bolts which are tight in the hole in the mating surfaces, and cant allow slippage of the mating surfaces. I think that's what my Dad said, it was happy hour night and we were tipsy, my bad.   hmmm, what else did he say. He sarcastically said, tuned mass dampeners are great, "when they work." duno what that was supposed to mean. He did say in the 60s and 70s engineers were trying a lot of new things without fully knowing all the variables, and said when computers became more common in the 80s, they learned a whole lot about the things they were doing wrong. I found that kind of disconcerting but interesting.   He also said "fill in welding" still isnt the end all and be all.   He said none of the buildings in New York have been built with seismic consideration. He said chevron bracing is great but it also bears load all the time, and shear braces should typically not bear a load, if you can help it. So in this building it was just asking for issues if they were doing so, and low and behold made worse with the bolts.   He also said it was weird that no one told the lead structural engineer of the change from welding the chevron braces to bolting them together, he found that strange as a project structural engineer.   He didnt say it, but I betcha he was wondering where your producer's pinky silver ring is. I see you wear one, Derek, and i'm sure he saw it because he has a keen eye.   Anyway, every day I set my Dad up with a daily playlist, and im going to start adding your videos to his playlist, I think he will enjoy them.   Great video, thanks.
Fun Fact, in 1957 Hugh Stubbins also designed the Kongresshalle in Berlin, Germany, of which the Roof collapsed in the 1980s because of poor construction planing :3
Amazing story absolutely love it
Stupid question: Couldn't they have simply built the whole building rotated 45 degrees so that the stilts would be at the corners?
Why didn't they rotate the tower of they can't rotate the pillars
I have heard this story numerous times, but I have never seen one with such an in-depth analysis of the structure and physics involved.  Thank you for this video.
I can think of a few other most dangerous new York buildings
Interesting, the thought of diagonal winds occurred to me very early in the video...  Yay me.
i hate architects
Give your life to the Lord. Amen! + Trust in Jesus Christ, not antichrist. + I hope and pray that folks change their view and invite the Lord Jesus Christ into their life to rule and reign. + Satan is referred to as the prince of the power of the air for good reason, he owns the airwaves on planet earth and is the god (little g) of this world. It is my hope and prayer that you choose the God (Big G) of heaven who controls the destiny of your eternal soul. + (Matthew 10:28 > And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell. + (2 Corinthians 4:3-4 > [3]-But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost: [4]-In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.)  (Romans 10:9-10 > [9]-That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. [10]-For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.)  (Romans 10:13 > For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.)  (Ephesians 2:8-9 > [8]-For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: [9]-Not of works, lest any man should boast.)  (Revelation 3:20 > Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and sup with him, and he with me.)  Is Jesus knocking at the door of your heart? Is this your opportunity for eternal salvation? If it is, I hope and pray that you open the door and invite Him, (Jesus), into your heart and life, in Jesus' name. Amen!  All praise and glory be to God. Amen!
We told no one for your own safety and not for our own bottom line. Honest. What a load of bull.
Why i feel like i seen this already
THE HANCOCK in Boston too ...........same story for both towers. and same solution used.
Fun fact. This build also has the record for the most retold architecture story even being highlighted in an episode of Friends.
nahh shouldve restored the old church
It was Diane Hartley's thesis that lit the fuse to the whole thing, and somehow, she was not mentioned until the very end plus you came up with another name to try and claim the real discovery and credit from Diane. Hartley never got one cent from her sticking her neck out. As to responsibility, I do not know what it mean.  So, if you are the structural engineer and the house you designed collapsed, and killed 4 people, you get 10 years in jail, for a large building, badly designed and collapsed, killed 4000,  does that mean he get jailed for 1000 years, and also lose his license?  Worse, what about the engineer for the Three Gorge Dam??   Quote from Nathan Hale, "I have but one life  (and one license) to give for my country."
Destroyed a beautiful gothic church to allow a megacorp to make a new headquarters.
I understand tides because a lot of natural phenom make sense but the explanations don't add up. Explain tidal bulge opposing tidal.
man i liked that gothic church though
At the end of this video (thank you so much for making it! It was so well done, because, it really was a video about something other than what the title indicated), I realized that THIS was about Human Error... and What We Do when we discover that we have made an error that will affect the masses.  Sadly, devastatingly, the ignoring of errors has become the norm. Big Pharma operates this way on a scale that is not to be believed, it is so deeply corrupt... and  most of the very large corporations operate this way... I don't know what to say, other than, we live in a world that has lost its way.  We have become immoral. And while no one wants to be reminded of this, you have made a film about a man who WAS MORAL, and modest, in the best way. I like that. Let us raise up those who are Good. Thank you.
Not informing the public seems borderline negligent. Even if they ended up pulling it off, it could have gone completely differently.
Destroying that beautiful church was sacrileg, and im atheist.  What a waste of history.
I literally watched a short about this before this video came out.
Project SERENE is just a wonderful case of “working backwards from the acronym”
It was a student that discovered it not the architect
the top of the braces, when one brace pushes, the opposite side pulls.
What-chu talkin' about Willis Tower? (I think you have to be at least 40 to get that joke) It's the Sears Tower. Besides that, my dad worked for years in the City Vorp Center, Id often meet him under it for lunch. Was never worried it might fall, looked pretty solid to me.
Wait I literally walked past that building a few days ago and told my friend "That doesn't look safe!"
1:37 That old Gothic church is beautiful, it's a crime in and of itself to have knocked that down. We have pubs in the UK that are older than America and they're not going anywhere. The UK's oldest church is 1,428 years old (AD 597) and its oldest castle is 1,745 years old (AD 280). I'm from Australia and regularly visit a naval base for work, there is graffiti engraved in to the brickwork of old buildings that predates Australia being colonised. There is something magical about historic buildings, and very few buildings built in the 1900's will ever be cherished in the same way. Humans seem to have lost their ability to make beautiful structures for the most part.
It seems really unseemly that LeMessurier is regaling this classroom with the hilarious story about how he covered up his own architectural f*ck-up without telling any of the people who were at greatest risk. Can’t believe that the building codes didnt require you to calculate the force associated with winds coming at an angle!
Hi Derek  This was i love these videos  But as a medical student , i would be really happy if u did a video on antibiotic resistance and its dangers in coming future
The tower's base is how you play jenga the fun way.
I've heard this story differently before? Hmm
Ho is at fullt the Cherch
Wait, this guys last name was French for “The Measure”?  Wow ironic
At 10:50 you said it was the 11th tallest, but the newspaper you showed before that said the 8th tallest
side ways brig
I am COMPLETELY ignorant when it comes to math. I wish I understood the calculations and even the Math Language. That said, I still loved this and I find it completely fascinating. We are crazy to build such structures. They are rather inhuman...  and yet we do. We are a crazy species! Thank you for putting this together!
HUBRIS... For building something overly complex to begin with.
I find it telling that this is in an ethics course: if you make a mistake, hide it and try to fix it while people are in the building. If it fails, you can always drive off a bridge. LeMessurier would not be the hero if this hurricane (act of God) hit NYC directly that year.  Fun fact: it reminds me of the time I was working at Citicorp and saw how they were addressing the financial challenges hitting the housing market and global economy in late 2007. Their leadership said something to the effect: I think we'll call it Project Serene and hope home prices keep rising. Right until they bust a giant hole on the 30th floor of the global economy.
19:04 What is a Kelvin-metre per hour? Temperature induced torque rate? 😅
They the work run only during night, while there was not enough time before hurican season?? They could have worked all day or with more persons over less time to fix it before hurrican season.  I think they were not so ethical. It was clear the building would crash within a few years and the archtect would loose everything. So it was pure self protection to tell and act. Also he lost time. He knew there is a problem by July, it was fixed in October 6Weeks after he told: there are another 6weeks in between! In this time he flew to canada and back, talked to lawyers, hided the numbers from others. They could have already started hireing people to weld the joins while checking in parallel if there was even more todo.  But by working slowly they actually risked the crash: It was only luck the hurican turned away. In safety we call that an "incident", and accident that was only prevented by lucky circumstances. Such incidents (at least in aironautical business) get invested like a real accident and the decider the failed to prevent the incident are treated and measures are done to prevent future repetition of such an incident, because it easily can be a real accident next time.  Surely there is a parallel timeline, where the hurican did not turn and Manhatten was devasted, because that cooperation decided the work to be done only during night.
Wait a minute… what they did to the Gothic Church 😭
sounds like he was still more concerned with his own reputation if he tried to do the repairs in secret instead of getting them done as quickly as possible.
Worst bit is at 31:47, pause there and read the last line of Le Messurier Associates  blurb. the 'ingenuity of design' is true, but the 'peerless execution' is an outright lie and denial. I can understand them not wanting to mention their mistakes, however the lives saved, ethical response, and brand new design  now used in many buildings are all because of  the engineer whose name they still use in their company name was moral enough to do the right thing.
28:18 As a 🇹🇼Taiwanese🇹🇼, thank you! We aren't mentioned enough 🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼  One of my Taiwanese classmates in 4th grade also built one with LEGO
This is a terrific documentary about  a remarkable man who exemplifies a sense of ethics too seldom found in the modern world. Congratulations are in order for Veritassium for putting out this high quality video.
I can't believe the pastor agreed to destroy a beautiful church to replace it with a chamfered box...
No offense to the religious.  But one got to go and plenty of churches already. You shouldnt have both if one going to cause a disaster.
I don't like how they talked about lying to people sitting in a death trap. You'd get the job done faster if you were honest and shut down the building to work on it around the clock.
Stealing vid ideas from smaller channels now huh😪
Not sure the old guy is correct.  If the wind hits the corner wouldn't the corner split the wind. How would the wind be able to hit 2 sides at the same time? I'd like to see a physical visual in reality of wind hitting the corner and seeing the outcome.
Beautiful message about the responsibility as a professional. Let’s not mention the Greek politicians that have killed hundreds and they are protected against prosecution.
3:43  green dry erase marker over black ink is a bold strategy
Totally brilliant video on such a fascinating case in history!
"A case of good engineering ethics" is apparently endangering thousands of peoples' lives, not informing them about the risk, and silently trying to fix it.  None of the thousands of workers had to be in that building while it was at risk, but they chose to save face over keeping people safe. Great ethics, guys. Really something to be so smug about.
Why does the spire count to the building height on 70 Pine and Trump? Citicorp does at least have a proper structure there
Someone wanted a building that looks like a Buster Sword. That's it.
LeMessurier twice, build once
Am I the only guy here who is uncomfortable with the idea of a skyscraper built on stilts that needs a 400 ton block of concrete on top to keep it from shaking itself to pieces? Thank you for reinforcing my decision to leave NYC for Wyoming long ago.
Great video Thank you .
It wasn't the engineer that realized he had made a mistake. It was a student.
If it's not broken, don't build it.
the Johnson and Johnson building in Racine wi is a totally cantilevered building;every thing is cantilevered off a central support column: the building was designed by frank Lloyd Wright, whenit comes to the braces on the citicorp bldg I wonder how the welds were checked for quality, were they radiographed or wre they magna flux checked:what type of quality assurance check was performed, were they even checked for quality?
Hi this is Lee DeCarolis, the mystery student. I went to the New Jersey Institute of Technology in the Architecture Program. I spoke with Bill LeMessurier when I was a freshman. I did not know that there was anything wrong with the building when I made the call. I was doing a project on the Citicorp building and called to inquire about it. I found out about this story 20 years later after reading it in Einstein's Refrigerator.
jew.
Completely unappealing and unsurprising content. America has been 2nd world role playing 1st world for decades now- we are a joke, technologically, architecturally, educationally, and sociality a global joke & nuisance.  Why don’t you expose the corrupt politicians and government bodies that allow endless risks and threats to americans happen regularly but somehow can’t manage to create a functional social healthcare system? LOLLLLL. If y’all are watching this brain dead content while the government actively destroys your country and the american dream- you are doomed already.
ALL THIS to accommodate a church. Good grief.
When I saw that they demolished the gothic church, I audibly went, “an angels been murdered 😔.”
I graduated from civil engineering in 1982. I’ve had no idea about this story until now. It’s absolutely fascinating. I would love to learn more.
Why didn’t they just rotate the entire skyscraper 45°?
Press strike , coaccidence ?
OMG 😳  Don’t panic  Nothin’ And this is okay?
seems like they should have  re measured Lee measures IQ all worked out in the end i gusse
The greatest tension wasn't in the beams, it was between the engineer's sense of ethics, and corporation's fear of getting sued.
Once again organized religion being problematic
Well yeah, I could tell that this building was dangerous just from the video thumbnail: it’s shaped like the FF7 Buster Sword!
This video is incorrect. It wasn’t Bill LeMessieur who found the mistake. It was a woman named Diane Hartley.
Wow, I'm a structural engineer, and a regular follower of your videos. I was bored a bit since I know exactly what you wanted to say, but this particular episode might be difficult for the average science Joe, yet you managed to explain the main ideas in a rather simple way. Actually the narration was so exciting that it forms a good material for an almost disaster brilliantly avoided. I hope someone will build on this idea, and will make structural engineering a popular major once again. Thank you!!
Kind of windy today 🫣
So one might say he lemessuriered wrong?
Serious question (this is probably one that has been asked before and has a simple answer), why not rotate the building 45° so that the columns are in the corners?
Idiots
And, as a former attorney in that building, it's ALSO filled with the worst people you can imagine in the worst workplace you can possibly conceive of... lol
6:47 ... you know wha-
All this because a greedy builder wanted to save 250k.
I hate when you trash some pieces of classical music in your videos - they do not belong in these videos and it is extremely disrespectful to those of us who actually like this music!
His student made the discovry
"First time In history "  Yet we dont know how the pyramids were built 😅
The church was destroyed, so what’s the point?
Bill LeDidn'tMeasure
🏗️🏘️🏘️🏘️🏘️🏘️🕌
What is this crap about not wanting to terrorize people? You could have killed so many people if the building collapsed. Why wouldn't they just evacuate the building until the repairs were finished? What hubris
16:49 🪽🪽🪽take the wheel 😭
Arisaka!!
This was a good program full of ethics and moral responsibility.  Sadly, in today's world, most of these teachings are absent, or more so lost on today's youth.  Old people, (45 and up) don't represent what most youth believe in today. There seems to be a rush to prove themself without listening to the history or practices of the past. Every one of us sees this every day at our jobs, the new younger person steps into a title role and right away they are implementing changes, disregarding the guidance of the person they are replacing.  There used to be respect for elder folks because they have experienced events that they were now tasked to correct. This younger generation is not willing to expense the time needed to learn, instead the focus is on networking and compatibility with others they deem useful in their quest to climb. I hope for the sake of mankind that there are some new generational folks who will listen and heed warnings and listen to strategies of safety that involve others, not just themselves.
I heard this story before,  and I'm preeeeetty sure LeMessurier didn't  "discover" this flaw,  he had his nose rubbed into it by an engineering student who did the calculations "for practice" - ergo he wasn't the only man who knew about it either...   unless you wanna be misogynistic about it and point out that the student was a young woman,  ergo not a man.
I have often commented that in engineering (I worked as chemical engineer) our blunders often have body bags associated with them. A sobering thought that a mistake innocently made could literally kill others and you are personally responsible for their deaths.
I’m not gothic or catholic but I do recognize the absolute masterpiece that was that church and they replaced it with a rock 😭💔
I thought hurricane season was over
1min of ads every 10 PLUS included ad in the video is crazy.. Way too american
The other one being the World Trade Center :(
Okay, have the stilts there, then rotate the building 45 degrees. What am I missing, why didn’t they do that?
So, instead of having a space in the building allocated to the church, they destroyed a gothic heritage building, and made a giant trashcan instead.
This guy rarely posts anything original. He just recycles information from other peoples videos...
That beautiful church was destroyed and rebuilt into something blasphemous. I am legitimately offended
“It had a fatal flaw” YOU DONT SAY?!
Why u gotta use KMH?
Nelson Mandela told me it was an engineering student was the person who realized that the tower had a flaw.
What would Trump do? BLAME BIDEN!
Crazy how this works..  Imagine good clever people owning up to mistakes and risk their career and more, only for idiots to turn around and say; "We don't want to be associated with that".  I'd much rather have engineers who own up to mistakes rather than don't. It's commendable and makes you more trustworthy in my eyes. We already know there's plenty who aren't so commendable in that regard.
12:41 and 28:38 when the student becomes the master
literally: "what'd you think was gonna happen?"
Between the media black-out and the hurricane suddenly turning course, it's evident that  God was on this man's side! For the sake of those thousands of lives, I'm so grateful He was!
Did they even calculate the stress on the stilts properly?
Is this a re-upload?  I'd swear I've seen it before.
Smooth ad transition. XD
Let me get this straight. A $million a year engineer did not consider the loads for quartering winds, and while it was being built, he neglected to inspect the "welds" on the joints. YOU'RE FIRED!
POV the guys who built the Death Star
Loved the contrast between this video and Thomas Midgley video who knowingly publicized that lead has no harmful effects. Both were in same situation and each took different route
Wait, he's considered a good guy even though the building code didn't get updated until years later when the story was leaked?? Fixing the building is great, but hiding it could've easily lead to another building having the same design flaw and not knowing. Such secrecy cannot possibly be good ethics.
I always thought the problem was with the columns on the bottom of the tower.
wow great beard!
it just looks like a blob now
I can't beliefe they tore down this beautiful church for that attrocity.
Is this a reupload or am I having a dejavu?
It's a joke the way the "new" church looks... like a boring metal box.... modern cheap life....
How was he able to get such an extreme liability approved. Don't cry when it comes down.
The main crime was destroying this Gothic church.
Look up "Hyatt Regency walkway collapse" for an example were 114 people were killed and twice as many injured, again due to a change in the original plan. There is a similarity to what happened here.
if you dont tell the people that are in danger you rob them of their choice whether to take the risk or not. At that point thier pontential death is on your hands...
i remember going to new york as a kid and wondering how anybody could be brave enough to go inside that building. it seemed to terrifying
Esses filmes são bons demais, sou mt fã dw Resident Evil, mas sempre  achei meio zuado como os zumbis eram lentos e toscos. Esses filmes trouxeram uma dose enorme de adrenalina ao mundo dos mortos-vivos ❤
MY opinion. LeMessurier was brilliant. Also, he had some big brass 🏀. To address the issue like he did and get it fixed like he did. genius. He didn't make the problem but he was man enough to fix it. I'm in the engineering field. NO ONE EVER takes responsibility, let alone for something they didn't do. Its always pawned off on a 'lesser'. HATS OFF TO YOU LeMessurier (posthumously, obviously)
i wanna know who welded those chevron beams and how they turned out
Majesty. The perfect word to describe your channel.
How can anyone blame LeMessurier for the problem, when they changed out his design for welds, to bolts without consulting him. Seems like they're making him the scapegoat.
Last word is the foundation...
Idiots who want to save money ruin so many good things.
Once again, religion causes problems. Well, if this building does topple over in high winds, it's YOUR fault, Pastor!
Define “dangerous”
He did the math wrong
Wrong a student in college found it
27:48 it wasn't really a mistake on his part as I understand it because he had called for the thing to be welded in the first place. This mistake was on whoever decided to use bolts instead. The fix of welding the joints which is what he called for shows that he was right to begin with.
Also keep in mind : a lot of this is still done manually (in the 70's that is). With calculators and a lot of paper ... Which means there's a lot of time and effort involved in the basics.
Is "Le Measure" pun-intended?   It's Le Messu-RIAY"
'just barely' stands as 'OK'. How about when criminal contractors use sub standard rebar and concrete? (State Audit Office in Bangkok)
Cost savings - the great enemy of  the best design
Ask your professors questions. It may save a lot of lives one day.
LeMessurier twice cut ones!
Brother of Elon musk
The response was completely selfish and evil. Glad it all worked out but they should have been honest and done the repairs faster and not in secret.
My nightmares have been realized
I thought this was cyberpunk related lol
The old crumbling gothic church is 10000 times better then the new one
32:00 Lawyers have completely ruined our society..... everyone is terrified of being sued. I am just glad I live in an area where it isn't a massive concern.
Cantilever
Nah don't worry bro it's just held up with barrier blocks 😂
Engineers and architects LOVE making their jobs harder. Being notably distinct from other buildings is what many big time architects want, especially when it comes to skyscrapers
It's often said that safety regulations are written in blood. This is one instance in which this isn't true, and it's a blessing. Now that the building regulations require the quarter wind calculations, there are many accidents in the future that may now be prevented.
Wow the worst looking car on that street is way cooler than most modern cars, nice b-roll 1:05
i love how they always make this sort of mistakes to save money, then they find out it will kill thousandas of people and spend over double what they would have paid if they just did it right from the begining
Click bait - it’s safe
I thought someone brought it to his attention???
@0:14 - The building was safe.  America doesn't get winds in kilometers per hour.
dang what a rivet-ting story, really enjoyed it.  though there's not rivets here, it's a good reminder to just weld things when they should be welded.
Oh God the rotated column grid at the base is totally wrong. That compromised the structural integrity of the whole building. Plus it looks wrong!
This is an excellent video. I vividly remember reading the 1995 New Yorker article, which is well worth reading. This whole story is fascinating.
There is an episode on Numb3rs a TV-show that aired from like 2005 to 2010 where they had a similar problem to this. About a student that found a problem with a building in certain windy conditions. That episode must have taken inspiration from this.
Didnt a student find the flaw not the engineer? This is treating it like he found it himself
Nice!
There's a lot of distrust in experts nowadays, but a lot of people seem to forget a couple of things: 1) not everyone who says they're an expert is 2) being a state certified professional of almost any kind means that you have accountability, it's not just a fancy piece of paper, it's a responsibility
Installing the monitoring station 8 blocks away is s-tier dbaggery. 😂
What kind of an idiot only uses kph in an American video about an American building
This is a GREAT story!  There should be books written on this - at multiple reading levels!
Japanese builders used sectional, cantilevered tiers and tuned mass damper systems (to compensate for earthquakes rather than wind) to build many-storied buildings well over 1000 years ago. Far from cutting edge, LeMessurier was just updating a well understood set of principles for modern architecture
New York should be ashamed, there are so many beautiful buildings destroyed because of capitalism.....disgosting country.
9:56 Is that guy in the audio background OK? Are his lungs still in his chest cavity?
Take note, CCP. People need to be allowed to speak up about these dangers.
Thousands could die.... Get the lawyers! God bless you America
Next the tower that fell down in Bangkok... Oh wait no, nothing to see here.
The engineer is a bigger ham than Sully
I think it takes so much courage to come forth and say there’s a problem with something. It had to be a terrible realization.  To put safety over ego would be incredible hard.
22:30. That photo doesn’t look like this building since it has a double strength central core, in the center!
Le Mesurrier didnt mesuare that properly
"Old crumbling gothic Church" ??  That was a beautiful building.  Maybe it had to come down but c'mon, to call it old and crumbling is nonsense for whoever used that as a reason.
That "old crumbling gothic church" was infinitely better than the trash there now.
Great story!! Amazing sense of responsibility.
This is why you should pay attention and study sincerely in classes.Your calculations might save countless lives.
1:36 everything bad about architecture in a nutshell
LeMessurier didnt own up to his mistake, he kept it secret for 20 years and when it was revealed THEN new regulation was passed. Owning up would've meant reporting it so new regulations could be enacted as soon as possible, wouldn't it? what if it was never revealed by the newspaper? "They didn't want panic to spread" Why not make it public right after the repairs were done then? Sounds more like he didn't wasnt his reputation to take a hit
The old church was beautiful.  What is wrong with people ?
Praise for ethics-- the absence of which in so many leaders today is frightening. Beyond that, the original design sprung from vanity and hubris. This is a story about how not to design a skyscraper. How many people, if they truly understood the dynamics and physics of the so-called "super talls," would never enter them and flee from them-- especially for a super-tall not anchored in bedrock.
Saw this in my feed and thought "Oh! It's this story again!" but was then pleasantly surprised that it's 10x more informative than every previous iteration I've seen.
The sheer arrogance of thinking people shouldn't know what you know because they may panic and consider that ethical is sociopathic. Perhaps with a child, but adults deserve to be kept as informed as anyone else. You have to think of your fellow man in a very arrogant light to think otherwise.   Pretending that your decision to not let thousands of people die from your work is grand and laudable over the absolute minimum is also bizarre.
A mysterious, unidentified person reaches out to a structural engineer with some "innocent questions and curiosity", averting a disaster that would affect dozens of busy city blocks and tens or hundreds of thousands of people... If this were a movie, I might be expecting time travel shenanigans.
This is a fascinating story but the powers involved should have told the public. I think it is unethical to not let people working inside the building and near the building to not know about this situation.  I actually think if they had told everyone that they had installed sensors and they had a plan to get it fixed within six weeks, that a lot of people would have felt reassured by that.
Cool story.
Me casually watching this video as if i understood all the calculation and equations and maths!.  I was more confused at the end of the video.
Fortunately the building only ever encountered miles per hour wind, not the alien “kilometer” wind. 🧐
Like for PRUSA 3D printer at 8:04
That beautiful church destroyed because of this shif. Hell Naw!
what the heck is this new "church".... this new one is hilariously worse
The new church is a soulless monstrosity that shouldn't be associated with anything holy or beautiful.
Such great story-telling and a meaningful way of illustrating the importance of peer reviewing, continued learning, and ethics. These sorts of stories help induce a sense of purpose in our work beyond the challenge of building skills and the necessity of making a living.
why they turn the church into a ps4 bruh
Learn basic Spanish
Puts me in mind of a wind rose. Just knowing the winds at the given altitude, clear of the influence of other buildings.
Either get the block or don’t build smth that size
"old crumbling gothic church" LMAO, real old gothic churches built 800 years ago in Europe stay to this day and they aren't replaced by some ugly box.
So…the tower was at risk…because the welding was swapped for bolts to save money…that money equals risking thousands of lives?
I started the video thinking the engineer screwed up, turns out while his math was somewhat off, what nearly wiped a whole city block was people cutting costs and not telling the goddamn engineer about it LMAO.
I recall as a kid going down a encyclopedia rabbit trail on this because of an episode of NOVA. Thanks for reminding me of digging through physical editions of an encyclopedia I guess?
final destination bloodlines is warching 👀💀
Wtf why are you whitewashing such a clear case of corporate greed covering up a mistake that was endangering all the people working around. The real right thing to do was: evacuate and fix. Not fix silently
One key factor is missing in this whole enterprise.  Common sense.  Something that was missing in the first World Trade Center.  And, not surprisingly in the second WTC and many, many other skyscrapers everywhere.
The engineers back then knew what they needed to do, and got it done.  think if it was today (in today's dollars) it would have taken a lot longer for the work to even begin. and you know why that is.
All these skyscrapers and cities will be sketchy in another 50 years. These engineers are just inherited wealth enjoying their privilege easy life, they aren’t smarter or more capable and their designs will fail after they are dead.
Citigroup Inc. can safely be assumed to benefit from drug money, mafia money, money deposited by dictators and their cronies, money from oil billionaires and millionaires, as well as small investors with no blood on their hands. In a better world, banks would not engage in laundering or safe-keeping ill-gotten money; they would not need to be this big; they would not build any skyscrapers (to show off, etc.); if they needed to build big, they would choose safer spots (and would not destroy existing edifices like churches). Also, in general, TERRACED BUILDINGS, especially those that allow for much vegetation on each floor, are far better for the environment, far easier to engineer, and far safer to live in. They just need more space at the base; and, in a better world, land would not be as expensive as it is in our age. In my view, with all the (risky) engineering, with all the heights that are reached, no modern skyscraper has ever come close to the glory of THE IDEA behind the Hanging Gardens of Babylon (which we can only imagine today).
interestingly enough, Hugh Stubbins' photo here portrays him in front of another lovely building he designed in Berlin, the Congress halls (since 1987 known as the House of World Cultures, HKW). that truly lovely building lost one of its huge concrete arches in 1980, when it collapsed - killing one and injuring a few more. it is pure luck, that there weren't many more casualties. i wonder how many more of his projects bear such gory details in their history.
This begs the question, how many other buildings are in the same situation and we dont know?
Just flipping stupid all the way around.
That incomprehensible graphic on the title page, how was that allowed?
i've never built a skyscraper before but it seems like the engineer should have been involved on something as fundamental as whether to use bolts or welds. how is that decision just delegated to someone else?
So the moral is if you create something that's going to kill a bunch of people you better fess up to it? Lol. I guess.😂
Miles per hour please😂
The biggest crime here was destroying that beautiful church and replacing it with a monstrosity
What an ugly church building
This stands in contrast to the Quebec Bridge disaster of 1907 and the canadian 'iron ring' worn by canadian engineers as a symbol and reminder of the obligations and ethics associated with their profession
guy's lipstick hit's my pendulum everytime.
Thank you for making a video most of us can watch. You did not immediately dive into high extreme level mathematics that no one has any clue what you're saying😂
If this happened today, the one responsible would go into hiding and blame it all on others.
Why did he pick the square root of two? I will never understand math
Breathtaking episode
BOLTS INSTEAD OF WELDING!!! " WTF ARE YOU DOING"...
This is why structures should be over-engineered; close enough is never good enough..
Didn't a modern NIST study suggest that the building was likely to be fine even without the retrofitting?
@14:20  Amazing that experts didn't check the most obvious thing - wind from other angles.  @27:45  OMG! The main reason why the obvious wasn't considered - Apparently it wasn't in the city building code to do so.  Like wow! Do better, people. You use regulations as the minimum!  Even for small products & tools my engineering group would perform DMFEA meetings for every aspect of a product, use, and misuse. Here we are talking about skyscrapers and thousands of people that could be injured or killed and yet....just couldn't do what I thought would be done WAY early on in the project and long before any ground was broken or any design finalized and signed off on.
Makes you wonder about climate change and the increasing odds of particular extreme weather events happening. How many buildings out there do not have "enough bolts" to weather climate-induced superstorms?
Did le missure got his license revoked?
Nah they built a creeper farm
Fantastic video, and fascinating story.  Thank you!
Welp, whoever was the moron who underestimated the number of bolts when the safety factor, even with the incorrect wind calculations, would've protected the building, definitely got fired. I can totally imagine LeMessurer saying to the press "THIS guy screwed up. Totally wasn't me!"  In any case, LeMessurer did the right thing, owning up to and fixing his mistake as fast as possible, while also taking precautions to protect people as much as possible if something went wrong - including keeping watch on the weather for any high winds. You could argue that the most ethical thing to do would have been to tell the public at the time, but that really would have caused mass panic (especially with media sensationalism in the US), and in our current society mass panic has repeatedly been shown to make things far more dangerous for everyone and increase the risk of accidents.
They rebuilt the beautiful church as that ugly piece of whatever?
novi sad train station collapse 😬
Citi, citicorp bank suck balls. Only bank known to man to charge a $35 fee on a $100 credit line and inflate it to $1000 after a few weeks
6:27 "That's the shear in the building, what we call the building shear." :D
I find the old Gothic building to be way more beautiful them what was replaced with
Note to self: avoid walking near Faulty Tower
Henry Van Dyck 🙄
Blame it on the church
"City Corp"? really?
I prefer the new church, but very odd that God allowed it to be built underneath Jenga Central!
Not just Professional (Engineers, MD etc), but Politicians especially those elected for public office must have the same ethical standard. But sadly, politicians are best liar ever.
Jenga: "I Defy Gravity and Engineering" William LeMessurier: "Hold My Beer"
"Lets make a building that looks like it will topple" 😂 It is actually spooky to stand under lol.
Imagine if he hadn't come forward
"old crumbling gothic church" think you meant beautiful tartarian relic that had to be destroyed to keep the people stupid
i think this is the example of unnecesarry and stupid problem....  and ugly result...
Instead of keeping your mouth shut and wait for disaster knowing it can and will happen, he chose to stay calm and collect infomation and figure everything out research and alarm authorities instead of the public   now thats what we call a superhero  he saved hundreds
Hats off to everyone including LeMessurier for initiating the prevention plan. Costs money but saves lives Had this been in my country (or anywhere with similar level of ethics), everyone would shut up and let the building crumble, only to blame the heavens and back luck, literally
destroying a nice old church to build a shitty lump of concrete.
I work in a construction bussiness and budgets cuts are safety biggest enemy. Also if you are calculating statics you need to add safety gap. If the force was for 14 bolts, you should add at least 30% more.  Also huge props to the architect for comming into light with those new calculations.
Since they destroyed the church anyway, it could have been moved anywhere on the block before being rebuilt into that abomination of a structure it now is.  Then the main building could have been built properly, and avoiding this situation.
I work for citigroup and am about to blow my coworkers minds lol
Now a days there are alot of producers trying to get fame by  veritsum  They are appearing in almost every video 😢
jesus christ capitalist architecture is depressing
I walked pass that building and thought I was seeing things. It's a beautiful building tho
TDIL in structural engineering when a calculation is done to determine if your massive skyscraper will catastrophically fail under dynamic loads, you tend to round down on the number of bolts lol. Like WHAT? Calculation says use 4.12 bolts or else we're in trouble... Let's call it 4, why be safe with 5? lol.
Interesting
Can't believe they destroyed the world's best and only gothic church.
This is what greed does. All for greed the American way sad to say.
🍷🤔🔍
Ugh, they replaced gothic architecture with ... I don't know what to call that. A bunker?
Summary: architects are nuts...
First time I've watched this channel. Was engrossed from start to finish. Thanks—good job.
Whe have the same one but smaller in Gdańsk. Poland
There's a number of ugly/unsafe looking skyscrapers like that in major cities.
removing that church and not restoring it is stupidly evil
Destroy a beautiful Gothic Church to build a grey bunker...bruh.
Miles per hr please.
If that building had fallen, you know it would've been throughly analyzed until they found the cause and it would've been traced back to LeMessurier anyway. He was absolutely right for stepping up to own his mistake and take efforts to fix it rather than stay silent about it and just hope that disaster didn't strike. And even in this scary situation, good lessons were learned and used to help make subsequent buildings safer. Better to learn from a mistake before a tragedy than to learn after a tragedy.
This world will never fail to baffle me how someone can see such antique history and architectural mastery and go, "Lets demolish it and put a big ol ugly modern looking thing cutting corners for resources and making sure that when were all dead, the future generations will have to deal with it collapsing"
The new church looks satanic
Logic. turbulence, stuck in an escalating effect. The massive weight will be its own enemy, under exstreme curcumstances from of course an unstable directed influence.
I am sure he felt like me randomly remembering about an answer of my exam that I fucked up after a month
Typical american behavoir. Not telling the people as on 9/11. 🤡
Sounds like he took way too long to warn anyone. Even before flying to Canada and doing those wind tunnel tests, he knew it was dangerous and needed repairs. He could have got the ball rolling, for example on installing the backup generators and sensors and working on the evacuation plan, sooner.  And once they had a plan of action, they could have evacuated the building and gotten repairs completed faster if they prioritized getting all of the welds completed, and working day and night, over repairing the drywall and cleaning up. They should have warned the public, and at minimum the property managers of nearby buildings, about the potential risk.   That would have done great harm to the reputation of Citicorp as well as the architecture firm, possibly ruining the company, and that's why they didn't do that.   He did manage to fix the problem in an impressively smooth and elegant way, and fairly quickly and cheaply all things considered, and most impressively of all with minimal harm to anyone's reputation. But he did that by choosing to put the public at risk, and he's lucky that it worked out.
Moral: NEVER tear down a house of worship to promote what's "trendy" or "high status".
Firstly, all of you praising the church realize that it was a black and white photo and an old church in NY likely has structure inside, which could be what the Pastor was dealing with, such as leaking roofs and pipes, cooling and heating issues in the summer and winter, and floor and foundation issues.  Also, the lot around that entire area was vacant as well, and it was New York of the past with drugs and crime when Citibank offered to build in that spot.  So you don't know the church finances, so you're romanticizing the photo.   The Pastor looked at Citbank's deep pockets and thought, I'll have a modern church, and for nothing, I can get one that will be leak-free and all new, and it won't cost anything to my parish.  I am sure he would have preferred they would have fixed up his old one.  But they couldn't have done that since they needed a corner of the lot for the construction, and his church was the only thing sitting on it.        For those praising his honesty?  He admitted to white lies to everyone and influential people using power, such as having the head of Citibank call the head of AT&T to get the phone lines done immediately.  So yes, while I admit he is a moral man, I don't know how old he was when he designed the building. I don't know if he really wanted to kill himself as the first and only option.  The real issue at first was the cost-cutting that was done to his design by the construction on-site, not welding (in the design) during the construction of the building.  Then, he found out his design was flawed and had to fix it.  He got lucky that the tenants never noticed the repairs, the storm blew out to sea, and the newspapers went on strike, but this never came to light for two decades until the New Yorker broke the news.  This allowed his company to win awards and build more buildings.  So yes, he is moral, but the lawsuits against them and Citi for changing the design would have been devastating.  If, as they expected, that building had toppled, it would have vilified his name, and the bank would have possibly suffered lawsuits.  So he chose to be the engineer who didn't kill people and had them fix it. Doing a wind tunnel test would have been better from the start.  Wind does odd things in cities; it builds up and gets trapped as it wraps around. Anyone who has ever worked in one knows the wind doesn't go away.
give me that "Old crumbling gothic church" 100 times out of 100
Cursed
I was thinking that TMDs sound quite commonly used. Didn't know this was the first building to use one.
So once again the builders' attempt to cut costs by cutting corners on the architect's plans, using bolts instead of welding, using only hte barest minimum of bolts their calculations said they needed, only to find out nobody had bothered to do calculations for winds hitting the corners instead of the faces of the building... geez, that's why you should always overcommit in engineering and architecture. Not just plan for the Best Case scenario but the Worst Case.
Omg, why did you name the Sears Tower Willis when referring to it in tallest buildings in the world 1977? At 10:50 Dislike, Unsuscribe!
3:30 - couldn't those idiots have turned the entire building 45 degrees clockwise before laying the cornerstone? Make it <> rather than [_]?
Veritasium explaining everything better than Engineering University 🥲🥲🥲
This whole video could be edited down to <10 minutes.
This channel is peak YouTube. It doesn't get better than this.
27:13  now I wanna know what would have hapened if the hurrycane hit.
If Americans wouldn't be so stuck in with their rectangular city blocks and aligned buildings, then you know, why not just build an ordinary, stable, well-known skyscraper but position it at a 45 degree angle...
I’m curious how he didn’t know they bolted instead of welded the beams. I would assume if you designed a huge project like that you would be onsite every now and then to watch your vision come to life and notice that detail.
I don’t know what a  Kilometer per hour is, I bailed.
The church got shafted with that redesign... 😂😂😂
Weinberg's Second Law: "If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization."   People like LeMessurier hold up civilization, on their shoulders. By their integrity, their professionalism, and the lessons they pass on.
Completely unrelated to the topic of fhe video, but I haven't seen anyone comment it yet. The young man that introduced himself as being from Stark Laboratories said he wasn't with Iron Man, but, in comics, Stark Labs is DC and Iron Man is Marvel. Completely pointless and unrelated, but it bugged me enough to see if anyone else said anything about it
I highly doubt the church was “crumbling”
not me thinking i had opened a new B1M video only just to see its veritasium after hearing the familiar voice lol
They definitely wanted it to fall on the church so they could get them out lol.
Part of being an engineer is the study of ethics. Telling everyone there is no danger is the equivalent of being morally bankrupt. They wanted to keep business going while putting everyone's lives at risk. Money won over morality. His license should have been stripped.
The amount of Veritasium videos coming lately is absolutely unholy and I'm loving it.
10:50 dude really called it the Willis Tower even when referencing 1977 lol
LeMessurier was not just brilliant, he was a hero. He is a credit to the engineering profession. His old firm should celebrate him. This is definitely a case that all engineering students should study. Everyone makes mistakes, what matters, is what you choose to do about them.  I would hope that all engineers would demonstrate similar integrity.
So they forced a square peg into a triangle.
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church and replaced it with an air frier
why dangerous ???
This will not stop to amaze me, destroying verry beautiful gothic church for that abomination.
what is with using km/hr when describing wind speeds? this is America we use mph
Yeah you stupid dope just keep building them higher and higher only in the dumbest country in the world USA tall buildings look stupid in the one to build them they have no common sense just plain stupidity
Vancouver BC, has a building that looks similar to this one.  1199 W Hastings.
i still rememner this building from the movie "The Flash"(hospital scene)
FYI - Bill LeMessurier did NOT make the terrifying discovery. A college student brought it to his attention!
Don't tell tens of thousands of people that they and their property are in danger of death and destruction?  Don't give them an opportunity to move, or take a job elsewhere?  Don't move sacred objects from the churches, or important historical or cultural items, or priceless art works in preparation for an event that could destroy several massive buildings?  They only missed the hurricane by the grace of God.  Can you evacuate people fast enough?  They should have trusted the people.  This is arrogance of the elites towards the rest of us.  Did they sleep in the building every night until it was fixed to share the fate of those they put in danger?  They should have evacuated the building and worked night and day to fix it right away.  Not sneaking around at night trying not to get caught.  The man who came forward and reported the error did the right thing and he is to be praised for that.  The rest of the decisions were reprehensible and the people involved should have gone to jail had the building come down, without having notified the public soon after they knew about the problem.  Every prescription and non-prescription drug has a leaflet with it telling about potential side effects that certainly have a less than 1/16 chance of  killing someone.  Our building has a 6% chance of falling down tomorrow and killing or injuring 4,000 to 10,000 people but keep it to  yourself.  We should have it fixed in a few weeks, couple of months tops.
How would you build a skyscraper with no structure at the edges and assume diagonal winds would have no effect?!?!
In 1981, a 23 story building was opened in Hartford, Ct. It had a few floors on the ground and then an opened space. Supports came from the center and went out at a diagonal to the edges of the building, like the "chevrons" here. You can look through the supports and right through the middle of the building. Right before they opened they thought "is this safe?" So they put pallets of weights in different positions in the building and took readings. They deemed it safe and opened. It's 40 years later and it's still there.
That thing is standing on thoughts and prayers
God hired satan to brew the storm on this buillding for destroying his church
22:46 After that, AT&T decided that was enough effort for 1 decade
The moral of the story don't cut corners
What if you do a video on if it’s possible to make a black led?
So why don't they use the damper motion for energy production?  Or would it just not produce enough to justify the cost?
That church look like a prison wing lol
That beatiful gothic church, sacrificed at the altar of greed.
LeMessurier is a great demonstration in ethics of engineering and governance. It's a great demonstration in the practical use of being less than honest publicly. I can see why people are reluctant to comment publicly, but the end results are fair. I'm sure some of the city planners were aware of the problem, but never acknowledged it publicly.
That "old crumbling church" was 1000x nicer than that new one
My Father was a large scale commercial architect.  I’m familiar with many and various structural designs and techniques just from growing up in his office and job site environment.  Designs fail, and designs also do to their intent. One thing I do not get from this video, why are we told to feel sorry for the arrogant engineer that even wanted to keep it a secret after it was fixed let alone let people in the building once the outrageous oversight was discovered.  The mention from LeMesseurier that law suits and all sorts of things could ensue, then never mentions the absolute catastrophe that was waiting like a ticking time-bomb to happen, would be similar in event as one of the towers from 9/11/01. And now that he’s dead it’s ok finally to talk about it? Balderdash! Designers of massive commercial structures ultimately are responsible, there no softening that burden for them that they knowingly accept well ahead of time.  Arrogance costs lives, that’s not ok.  That’s all.
*called by a student about the error*  "I was the only one who knew this!"
I can’t stand selfish people. Prioritizing money, pride, or some “architectural vision” over basic safety? That’s not bold, it’s reckless. Thousands of lives were at risk, and for what? A dumb design and a corner-cutting budget.
All is a best kept lie we Indians are ruling you
Very few students would report that today, I think😢
You had the same feature with the world trade center towers over a Lloyd Wright designed Church that was built first.
I love you Veritasium…oops a bit ott…but this sort of thing is superb
Man, props to that student who probably saved thousands of lifes
Building with giant gong
lol, oops. 😂
Maybe don't build your building like one the most unstable shapes in food history; An icecream stick 😂
lol - imagine if that orange cancer, trump was the structural engineer?  -we’d never hear about it until the building fell down and killed thousands, (ala Covid) and then he would of course blame everybody including the janitor 😂
If you're going to speak American English with an American accent, stick to MPH and not Kilometers.  As far as I am aware, we are not living in Europe (yet!) and frankly, nobody ever gave a good reason, except the obvious rejection of many traditions of Western civilization, as to why cultures had to adopt measuring systems adopted by scientists to make scientific measurements easier! We're not living in a laboratory. We're living in the living, breathing natural world where our history should be valued for it's human elements added over the centuries...and not sanitized by Universalist Utopians who think they know best for everyone else!
Hi Amy. I started day trading on November 21 2024. I focused on my transaction history and my handwritten trade journal to calculate win or lose. I couldn’t understand the math in my realized gain/loss statement.  I was winning more than losing. I tried a lot of the YouTubers schemes to make money but it was always to narrow and never really worked when in real trade mode. By day 75 I had taken wash sales of every kind imaginable. I just couldn’t figure it out. Over 700 hours spent and finally the big picture came onto veiw. I could see why and how every loss was really made. Now after trading profitably for 75 days it is getting boring enough that I fall a sleep during my trading sessions.  P. S.The level one is your best freind when the candles are ripping. Turn the chart off and watch the bid ask only. It will lower the pressure you feel boiling up inside your head and help you stay with the trade longer. I now only take a loss when there is a reverse split or bankruptcy.  Happy Trading
I hate everything about this story
It's wild to me that they changed the connections from welds to bolts without consulting the engineer, on a novel building like that. I also wonder why you would make your job so much harder by cutting every bottom corner of the building, but at least everything went well and good lessons could be learned from this.
Extremely interesting. Thanks for producing this!
Contractors cutting corners
The animations are GORGEOUS
So if America goes and jumps from a mountain to its death, will the rest of the world follow suit like idiots ?
Willis Tower in 1977?
Incredible content. Well done.
Didn't they fear 9/11?
It’s the most dangerous building in Manhattan.
I am the student... the student who had time to click on this youtube video🤪
Aside from the engineering issues it's just an ugly building over top of another ugly building
70 mph wind can level it.  Thats crazy.  Buildings in New York are already sitting in swamp and have to be drilled into bedrock 100 feet below.
Jenga!!!
"How many bolts, boss?"  "Fourteen" "Sounds good. Four, team!"
That Veritasium Producer is a sight for sore eyes 👀
68.3 mph. Your welcome people like me.
How were they able to allow people to work in that building when they were fixing it??? That is crazy
They did that church dirty. Beautiful architectural design to just a block.
The gothic-designed church was way better.
the intro to this video is insane. posing the question of whether or not he should tell anyone as if it is some sort of dilemma. there's not fu**ing dilemma, christ. what kind of a sick freak would keep that information to themselves and "hope for the best"?
Skyscrapers: really big levers (physics)
That gothic church look way better than that plain boring block..
idk why did not just decide to build the skyscraper diagonally so the columns stay at the corner..
Fascinating documentary. I walked by that building twice a day for three years back and forth from work.
You mean this insane design came about because they were building around a goddamn church? I don't know who was more insane here on their terms for this plan, the church or Citicorp.
This has trumps and bushes dirty finger prints all over it …. By the trump and bush planned 9/11 to enrich themselfs
Just shows you engineers  are idiots.
“Some pain in the ass undergraduate student!” I can hear Robert Duval saying in a Godfather 2 moment!
let’s hoped that it’s not a World Trade center, just building a dangerous tower that has 6 pillars on the bottom.  I find it very intriguing
Our gov was allowed to destroy two NY city skyscrapers, some of the Pentagon and bldg #7. Not to mention four jet liners and kill thousands of people. The gov doesn't seem to be concerned with public safety as long as they can advance an agenda.
People who used to complain that they will never use math in the real world will never understand how to solve problems at this scale.
This is crazy, because the day this came out I was visiting the Shanghai Tower and went up to see the TMD they have installed there - 623m above the ground... Amazing video as always guys!
No site visits to inspect the joints. He really didn't know until after the building was completed? The design drawings had welds but the the as-builts had bolted joints and this didn't reach the original design team?
If you are ever in Manhattan, definitely make a short trip to walk under this building.  There definitely is an unsettling feeling of something so large above you lacking In perceived structure.
Greased palms works wonders in a corrupt society
Back in the 70s-80s when we used to drive into Midtown from Westchester, the exit from the FDR at 53rd St. would take you right beneath it. It was an awesome sight, so futuristic (and terrifying looking). Still is.
Bull, it WAS the female student!!!
very interesting and scary
All that because someone changed the plans to save money. Good for him to get that fixed! That took courage...
As an experienced veritasium viewer i was fully expecting that student to be Feynman
Awesome video! Cool to learn more about this issue.  I adore the Citicorp building, striking design. One of the first buildings I modeled in architecture courses.
call george bush for help removing the building
Calling this a case of "good engineering ethics" is absurd.. the people who worked there and in the surrounding buildings had a right to know about the potential hazard this building posed and decide for themselves if they wanted to work inside or around it. Not telling them was incredibly unethical. Evil actually. People should've been arrested for that.
Christians..... they ruin everything!!
How did they figure all this out in 1978, before they had brains?
What's the next video, the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse?  And then one about resonant frequencies and the Tacoma Narrows bridge?  Just the lowest hanging fruit of engineering themed videos?  There's hundreds of videos about these things, and your stuff was far more interesting when it was you actually doing live demonstrations, instead of B-roll, webcam interviews, and talking to the camera while standing in a studio.  Nowadays it feels like you just generate these scripts with AI, and copy topics that have already been done to death.  Video quality has changed from being a regular Honda Civic, to a Rolls Royce without an engine.  Sure the Rolls Royce feels nice to sit in, with the leather seats everything, but it fails the fundamental test of actually being able to turn on and drive.  It's all looks, but none of the functionality.
Smart guy. No wonder they named measurement after him.
Teaching ethics in this day and edge is tough, but so needed. Great piece!
As an architect, I would've absolutely NOT allowed all four corners to be missing foundation. One corner missing is stupid enough. Omitting other three was the original sin.
Watching him talk to those students trying to morally justify their DESPICABLE decision not to tell even the office workers in the building of the danger is shocking. Frankly, everyone who knew about this and kept it secret like that should've faced criminal charges. That is pure evil.
I'm skeptical its even safe now.. that design is just sketchy.
Dude should have been jailed regardless
There are probably thousands of buildings across china in even worse shape structurally speaking than this building ever was. Likely more than half of their newer constructions are full of tofu-dreg/cut corners. If anyone thought this would've been BAD wait and see what they're in for when those start falling.
Long Run Vs. Short Run
Hey, ur vids always remind me of failure and success and I think you’ll like the quote “The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success”- Paramhansa Yogananda
great vid
I was at LeMessurier office when all the buzz happened. Bill is still an extraordinary engineer.
Welp I guess I have beef with a church now
Imagine being the welding teams who had to go in every night and pull those 4 bolts from each gusset plate.  That must have been a nerve wracking job as well, until the new plates were welded on .
that was wild.
if you work in a skyscraper that is weak to wind 💀
No more dangerous than wtc7
Maybe god turned that hurricane around but maybe not because i bet he hates New York.
Things like this kind of make me happy San Antonio is only building reasonably tall towers and building in and around downtown.  That said I love documentation like these. You did some outstanding work. I’ll subscribe and see what’s up  And man somebody was really looking out for the engineers and architects
Most of the skyscrapers are designed to withstand earthquakes of 7.0. What happens when a 7.5 or 8.0 hits? I live in Bangkok,  in a twenty- six story building that swayed significantly in the recent Myanmar earthquake, which measured 7.7. The epicenter was more than six hundred miles from Bangkok. Had it occurred fifty miles away, buildings here would have collapsed, and so many would have died. This city is built on soft soil, so the movement is magnified.  It's just a matter of time before a quake, stronger than the designers of these buildings calculated for, hits a big city, and a massive destruction occurs.
The first person to warn about the structural problem of the Citicorp Center in Manhattan was Diane Hartley, an undergraduate architecture student at Princeton. In 1978, while working on her thesis, Hartley noticed a potential vulnerability in the building’s design related to how it would withstand quartering winds (winds hitting the building at its corners). She called the building’s chief structural engineer, William LeMessurier, to ask how the structure handled these wind loads. This inquiry prompted LeMessurier to re-examine his calculations, which ultimately led to the discovery of a serious structural deficiency that required urgent repairs
Almost 69 mph.
The engineers, builders and owners should be required to live in the buildings they had a part in
This is why we build pretty practical things instead of hideous monstrosities like this.
The responsible thing to do would have been to warn people straight away - but financial interest (and ego?) got in the way. Also, the safety of people should prevail over the "house of God".
Tuned Mass Dampers are passive devices that do not require power so there would be no need for emergency generators. If emergency generators are required then the system must be an Active Mass Damper which uses sensors, controllers and actuators to move the mass - requiring electrical power for the hydraulic pumps and controllers.
How many buildings were built to in between the time the city building was repaired In 1 day released the news article and then updated the regulations  Everybody involved keeping the secret should go to prison
That "old crumbling gothic church" look good, unlike the angular modern abomination it was replaced by.
Too much watching Minecraft and not enough watching Chernobyl
Imagine being the reason your church now has a massive coffin standing over it 💀
nah that church looks ugly af
This building always fascinated me by its beautiful exterior, the unusual column placement, the slanted top, the damping mechanism  I read about the structural problem, about the welding made in secret but only with this video I was able to understand clearly what was the problem, where it was located and how it was fixed. I wonder why I never found reports from anyone that actually worked at the building at that time and neither from someone that was in the welding team. Those large "band aids" definitely were not invisible, how did they were never noticed when carried around?
1:40 That "Old crumbling gothic church" was possibly one of the most beautiful things there, it was an absolute masterpiece and should have been kept, or at least moved. i love those kinds of buildings so much
A few weeks ago, I never heard of this structural engineer or this building.  This is now the 2nd vid I’ve seen on it.  Fascinating.  Very informative video.  Great channel.
They put secret applications on critical structural steel in a Manhattan skyscraper secretly after hours without leaving a trace to tip off the regular tenants.  Huh.
This story was amazing.  I was at the edge of mynseat. You should do more videos of this types of stories. Making mistakes is part of human beings so for sure thre is many more stories like this one ans we can learn a lot from them.
What an IDIOTIC design!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Little known fact. It was actually a young female intern that pointed it out to Bill, the engineer. He checked her work and found that she made a lifesaving discovery
Please get over the church thing.  There are many lovely gothic churches in the world.  Here in the UK we are over-run with gothic churches put up by our Victorian forefathers and they are lovely to visit.  But, and this is the point, none of those churches evoke the involuntary sharp intake of breath you will take when you stand across the street from this building.  It still looks like it came from the future and it is 50 years old.  That intake of breath is the emotional impact of architecture, and it is very, very special.  The moral of this story is, well, moral.  Structural engineers have a code of ethics which led in this case to a positive outcome.  In my view all engineers should have a similar code of ethics, even the ones who write software platforms like the ones we use every day to share our opinions with anyone who will read them.  The ethical dimension here is not the church.  The ethical dimension is making sure that the astounding thing we invent is safe to be around, even if we are just somone walking on the other side of the street.
Pakai bom mobil disalah satu tiang....rubuh 1 gedung tinggi.. berbahaya sekali gedungnya
THIS IS WHY YOU LISTEN TO THE DAMN ENGINEER
Great investigative journalism!
The 300.000M in US work on a palaeolithic level ... Trial and Error Whilst the other 8.000.000.000M (more according to miscalculation) are working together for the betterment of the world, global economy, science... Through cooperation!
Hmm, workers entering the building at night and altering the columns without anyone noticing. I think I've head that before, but in that case it wasn't about rescuing the building
@17:15 veritasium shows us that 10.5 bolts is needed for safety then says it's 10 bolts for cost cutting
Small thing but structural engineers use kips, not tons. 1 kip = 1000 lb
Great vid.  Now do the trumptower
Gothic churches dont even look that good. There i said it.
What about usage and unplanned or illegal changes on the structure? American's are closest proof we have of Darwin's evolution theory!! We are now studying a sub-regression theory based on you!  Vanguardist!!
If only all that fuss and stress were justified by a beautiful, visionary piece of architecture. But no, it all goes down to the very unnecessary idea of placing an ugly building on four unnaturally positioned pillars.
Come on bra
It's like the Death Star, huge vulnerability.
21:55 So your'e telling me a tall building getting hit by a force from the side would cause it to topple like domino?
One Quake it's Over 😢😮
Expecting a flood?
This could’ve alll been avoided had  A) The pastor wasn’t a stubborn donkey for not moving his church  two ave. to a residential area. B) NY firm got the ✅ from Lemessieur to opt for bolts! Absurdity.
@1:35 it's absoultely insane that they tore down that classic masterpiece of a church to build that disgusting looking 'modern' one that looks like the back of a flatscreen monitor
Tearing down that NeoGothic church was their first massive mistake
THE stilts were a good idea tho it spreads the load evenly vs having it all in one corner
While a great story, I was lost in the beginning at 2:17 where the idea is presented of "Why not notch two, three, or ALL four corners?!"  I ask myself: But why? I'm not saying Every building could be designed like the pyramids (which in the desert cannot tip over any other thing and housed only a single soul), but in a crowded city... I feel that the first design could have been done more sound to SUPPORT all that beauty on top. But why? Why take such a risk as the foundation of a structure? Of not only this project, but also the projects next to it that such a large domino piece could set off with a wind once every ... years, as is explained well in this video. Why remove ALL four corners?
I  can’t imagine what other potential disasters big corps & gov’t hide from us.
Ego, capitalism and consumerism, that's why...
1:38 should say 'Gorgeous ancient church full of architectural charm and replace with this, concrete box which looks like it conceals boilers and lift gear'
I don’t understand how his firm didn’t THINK to get approval from  Lemessiuer to opt bolts instead??!!
Glad that you don't have Romania/Japan/Turkie's earthquakes!
interesting building! thanks veritasium. i am of the belief that lemessurier did the right thing and should be praised for the actions he took to remedy the mistakes that were made, despite all the risks involved.
"Winds of only 110 kmh"....that's 30 meters per second. Also known as "violent storm", or 11 on the beaufort scale. Also, "the step under hurricane".  If a near-hurricane were to tear through Manhattan, the building would not be alone in its collapse.
The real travesty is the loss of beautiful gothic architecture.
So they decided to not tell the people who could be killed by the collapse that this had been discovered. No, instead they decided to slowly fix the issue in secret. No-one who took part in, or knew about the repairs is innocent. They put the lives of thousands in jeopardy to save their money, reputation, and jobs. A potential mass panic is not an excuse, regardless of the monetary loss. This whole situation shows extreme selfishness and greed. They should have been jailed for not instantly informing the public, but instead praying that a freak storm wouldn't happen before the fixes were implemented. I find it insane that so many people in these comments call this engineer courageous or even a hero for fixing this mistake.   Lets say a nurse gives a patient the wrong amount or type of medication than a doctor prescribed, the doctor finds out and, instead of letting the patient know immediately and ensuring they don't die by giving the antidote or cure, they secretly, over days, give small amounts of it so they "don't scare the patient." As this is happening the doctor knows the patient could possibly die by doing it this way. This doctor is now a hero and a beacon of courage? Peoples morals or lack of critical thinking is seriously disturbing in this comment section.
/Not an architect. I wouldn't work in that thing.
I'm glad my job doesn't put a lot of people lives in my hands.
I'm sorry but it sounds like this thing needs to be taken down
kph is for space exploration and communists.
This was interesting.
Thanks for the warning. 😮
So he is a "hero" because he fixed his mistake that could kill thousands of people? It`s not "ethics" and a choice :)
How was it even possible to have a confidential 10 block evacuation plan?
110km isn't exactly an extraordinarily strong wind.
I’ve been on the 58th floor on a windy day and it was definitely scary! You can feel the building move and hear creaking sounds
Don't Panic Mr. Mainwaring!
One of the single most amazing videos I've seen on YouTube! The storytelling, the history with in-depth research and interviews, the engineering explanations, and the lesson at the end made this a truly enjoyable watch. This kind of content is fantastic
Veritasium , you guys are the absolute best❤❤❤
Why are half these comments about the gothic church? Sure, it's pretty, but apparently it was delapidated. There are plenty of pretty buildings left in the world.
The chair analogy is all you need…. No matter if the bracing and “gravity load”… also did they do a scale model in a wind tunnel?
Please credit the short that everyone saw that inspired this video
It was allowed by Hubris…. 20th century…. Hubris.  Also the 1970s… disco and cocaine were in the air…
Wow
Citicorp's CEO deserves credit here also, when told of a pressing need for action he did not oppose it. The engineers that tried to warn NASA for each of their great disasters, (Apollo I, Challanger, Colombia) got sickening pushback and threats from ignorant, selfish middle management troglodytes who ultimately caused those three disasters. Engineering ethics also includes the managers who must be scientifically literate.
LMAO i was here for a compelling story and 2 mins in it's just stupid zealot issues again
Why didn't the church move??? What's the big deal if you are really worshiping  there.
For someone that name is pronounced "le measure", he did not measure the things right tbh
Now I wonder how many other buildings are at risk
This mistake might keep me up all night.
💙👉👀👈💙 It's definitely awesome when you get an experiment to work  💙👉👁️👈💙
I call dibs on making a video/short on this next. Been so hot lately
Typical for them to give Jordan a faulty microphone
Can you please make the next video on topic time dilation because I'm  so curious about understanding this concept from you. I also have an opinion on this topic. As we have been told that as we get under high gravitational field zone the time flows faster as we have seen in interstellar movie when cooper goes to the planet near black hole where time flows faster, even when they spent only 2 hours there and it was about 23 years for the person on the space ship. But here, I think it is not the time which flows at faster rate instead it is because their body speed slowed down. Let me explain I think any living or non living thing reacts differently in different gravitational zones. When we are in the high gravitational zones the biological processes which happens in our body slows down and all the non living things like space craft ,water  also react the same way. This also results in sloing down the ageing process. This property is actually zone dependent, if two persons are in same gravitational zons they will experience the processes at same rate but if they are in different zone there will be a difference in ageing process. That's why when the planets collide the complete collision take so many years for us  because of very high gravitational field zone and observer in low field zone. If we are also in that same zone the collison process will be occurring at a normal rate. These are my thoughts. If you agree plz consider this.
The entire mass damper is interesting to me. I work with engineering and commissioning offshore wind turbines, and the 9,5 MW model I am currently on has exactly the same! A large mass damper in an oil reservoir almost at the top, about 90 meters up, to resist wind and wave oscillation! Damn fascinating!
The true ethical moment in this story isn't where LeMessurier decided to get the building fixed - it's when he had a nagging feeling that he wasn't sure, and decided to do everything he could to be sure. It's much easier to assume you were right the first time...
No worries about 100kph winds , we Americans use freedom units and don't worry about that shite
Regardless of the repairs, the building still looks like an accident waiting to happen. I would have worked harder with the mayor and told the church to take the generous offer and move on with zero choice and the building be constructed like a normal skyscraper.
Didn’t one of his students find the issue?
we really need a movie about this story
Way too many churches in the USA to sweat that little detail.
The engineering and architectural advancements are interesting, but the building, in the end, is still ugly as hell.
Horrible design. It could have been done way better.
They destroyed a nice, old world, building that would have lasted longer than anything, new, built around it.  There's probably a lot more of that church under the ground. I wonder how many "basements" it had/has.
So they decided to move to the ugliest building on the city ...that's a bold declaration for a Bank
The real crime is replacing that beautiful old church with that vile assault on the eyes they built in its place.
9/12 ahh
Impressive how that architect finally invents the wonder of diagonal braces that mankind has been missing for thousands of years 🤦‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦🏾🤦🤦🏾
Thank goodness we do not have wind measured in metric here in the USA!
just a minor oops
Don't care what modern materials can achieve these days. These and other similar "artfully" designed buildings that INSTANTLY look top-heavy, at extreme angles or otherwise defying the impression of imminent collapse make me nervous.
Wiliextreme już o tym wspominał
How come no body is making a joke about "Le Measure" 😂
I’m gonna be honest, I feel like while obviously the way this was handled was ideal and the architect deserves a lot of credit for owning up to his mistakes and handled it as best as I think is realistically possible… but why was the skyscraper built this way at all? Why did it have to be propped up by small stilts? There’s nothing wrong with a regular building which isn’t innovative or unique in appearance.  I just think a lot of the time architects are driven by some form of hubris, that it isn’t enough for a building to be functional, it has to also look pretty, and it isn’t even enough to look pretty for some, it needs to be innovative. And it seems like all the sensible innovations have already been done, so a lot of innovations now seem unnecessarily risky.  It reminds me of an episode of an engineering disaster show I watched about a glass bridge that was so smooth it caused people to regularly slip and fall. And they eventually scuffed up the bridge’s glass panes so people would slip less, but they interviewed the architect who made it, and the guy was still pissy about having his design changed. Like he was going “Did they consider that it being slipperier made the bridge prettier? Skill issue.” basically. It doesn’t matter how pretty a design is, if it can’t function for the purpose it was intended.
The storm veered because this is God's land
Realizing you made an error or miscalculation or an oversight is the key. Next step would be acting upon it, making it right. It's called accountability.
Replace that beautiful St Peter's Church with a brand new @#£%ing DISGUSTING eyesore! Classy! It is old character full buildings and churches that make European cities look so beautiful and US so clinical and without character or class.
Blessed are the people who can admit they are wrong at great personal risk, knowing that you will put a public risk to others, if you don't. Rest in power Mr. LeMessurier!
This just tells me churches are overrated & unreasonable
Why are the stilts inset in the drawings, even mentioned as an issue, but on the outer edge in all the pictures?
Ibrahim Traoré is a legend
An engineer with a last name of le measure lmao
Im no engineer but im pretty damn sure cutting off the corners is one of the dumbest ideas you can possibly do (besides making something a tripod)
I'm surprised this whole situation wasn't put into a movie.
Ttt
.... didn't one of his architectural students did discovered the danger of the other type of winds  and not himself?!?!?!
0:10 Cutting edge? More like cutting corners.
Thank God they got rid of the beautiful Gothic church in exchange for that postmodern nightmare 🙄
what an idiot who destroyed that church, cant watch any longer into the video yall pissed me off already
I'm so excited you guys made a video about this saga! The Citigroup Center is my favourite building of all time, and the stories surrounding it are fascinating and almost larger than life. I love to share it at parties, but I've always hoped for more insight as to how everything went down - and lo and behold, Veritasium on the case! Truly a channel after my own heart.
You had a nice gothic church and you ruined it? hwat
you missed a massive question though - their ethics seems really dodge at best - they didnt talk publically for 20 years? how many buildings were built with the same mistakes in that time - the new york code could have required quarterly wind calcs 20 years sooner
Dude blanked wind. Stay shocked b
this is the building Suits tv shows's offices are right??
"owning up to his mistake" it wasn't his mistake. They didn't tell him they switched welds for bolts, and they didn't do the math right. He would have been the fall guy if things had gone wrong, but it wouldn't have been his fault.
110 kelvin meters (Km)?  How about following the SI . . .
Yeah of course they kept it quiet and didn't tell people so they could make their own decision to trust that madness or not, they were all crookes.
Wasn't the issue identified by a female grad student?
@21:30 I know most don't understand but how did they clean up the smell from welding?  The offices would have stank so badly.,
I’m no engineer, but playing with blocks as a 5 year old taught me enough to know this was a bad idea.
No one needs to be a structural engineer to know that the building is unstable and a strong possibility to fail.
This is a great real life based story, a good movie could have been made based on it.
This case study was taught in engineering ethics in the third year of my mechanical Masters at Sheffield University in 2003.   I've cited it many times since when mentoring younger engineers.  Now I have a great resource to point them towards!Great video, Veritasium!!
Big deal .. yawn. I had a salmon sandwich
Never use a bolt where a weld will do.  RG LeTourneau
Two minutes in, and I feel like arches would have been much prettier, and much more structurally sound.
1:42 completely destroyed a beautiful gothic church
so much effort to make a building that’s some how both boring and ugly. at ground level, it’s a visual disaster, it makes me think that bank doesn’t know what they are doing. so much pissing around when they could have made something nice slightly to one side of the church instead of over it….and then they didn’t even make it safe. engineering fails all round.
There is no "gravity load" it's the "weight of the building", come back to earth bois.
This man was morally correct and ethically corporately correct and practiced his profession with proper ethics morals and values if we get the rest of industry to do so
How were they allowed to do this ?   Money
Bro did everything before notifying the authorities that everybody in that building could die because he ffed the math.... And then the govt/ helped him lie to everyone.
The network started by Satoshi Nakamoto (BeeTeeSee) can only support 263 million txs per year (720k per day) which puts the entire industry at risk of a progressive collapse.  😨
I don't understand why they were so insistant on keeping the church in the same place.  Like if they wanted to keep the origonal building sure, that would make sense, but since they knocked that down anyway, moving a couple blocks away would have made little difference!
they had a goth church and decided to change it to a mondern minecraft bullshat
This was actually discovered by someone else. He didn't have a choice.
Bunch of corrupt cowards. As soon as they knew what could happen, the public should have been made aware and the building demolished.
Veritasim make a video about different animals, how they climb up things, like tree frogs, spiders, lizards etc.
FANTASTIC VIDEO! Scary…
The one part of this story that's weird to me is the notion that hiding it from the public was a moral action and not intended to cover the people involved. If the building was at such imminent risk of killing thousands and destroying huge amounts of property, then isn't the moral thing to tell everyone, evacuate the area, eat the costs of disrupted business and housing evacuees in hotels and motels, and complete the reinforcements as quickly as possible? Sneaking in at night like a heist crew more than halves the amount of time you can work in a day, and having to cover your tracks afterward so nobody knows what you did probably adds a lot of extra work time that could have been spent on making the modifications sooner.
That church did not deserve that
This story seems to pass over the fact that building on stilts was, by then, a classic "modernistic" esthtetic trope (invariably hideous in my opinion, transforming the interface with the street into a sinister no man's land, this one is no exception), invented by Le Corbusier if I am not mistaken. This could explain that instead of carving out, as requested, just the corner where the church had to stand, they went so readily for the full absurdity.
they rehired the guy that arch that didnt have a clue. nice video!
Towering Inferno movie vibes with Steve McQueen's character finding out that the wrong electrical components were used throughout the whole building.
Whenever a modern architect wants to destroy something historic: "It was CRUMBLING..." Yeah right. We have gothic churches that are 1,000 years old. You just want to destroy it to make money.
I see it twisting like a dots pretzel and still coming down 😳
Thank goodness it was built in China.
This is an inspiring story but I have a feeling in today's world corporations would not own up to such mistakes and would put more effort to push the blame onto somewhere else.
I don't think it's good professional ethics by LeMessurier, it's the least anyone morally could do. Not sure I would say not committing homicide was "good".
Is it crazy that I had never heard about this channel, b4 now ?
I guess LeMessurier didn't LeMessurier the wind forces correctly.
So, after all, the repair was unnecessary? In 30:45 we read that modern analysis showed the governing wind load is due to head-on wind and not quartering winds. (?)
Is there an uglier building than this anywhere on Earth?
Bribery and corruption, the good ol’ American way!
How is a church able to afford prime real estate right down town? They don't pay taxes, zing. I need to start my own church so I don't have to either. religion seems to be a fantastic financial enterprise.
Tel me you are an (US) American, without telling me that you are an (US) American "replace this old crumbling Gothic church, with the brand new one" 🤣🤣
Replaced a gothic church with a building that looks like a ghost kitchen or a public bathhouse.
"Cutting corners", but literally
I think LeMessurier did the right thing by the information you have given me) and should be taught in school.  I can understand where a lot of people would say he should have announced it to everyone, but what actual benefit would there have been in causing fear, anger, blaming, etc. It would have stopped the repairs, as some authority would demand to review it all, and could very well have caused the building to come down with the time lag.  He found the problem. Figured out the fix. Informed those who Needed to know. Set up plans for a disaster. And fixed the problem.  Everything that should have been done.
Why?    M O N E Y
He never once was on site and notice the bolts during the building process?
I really really wish you would not use the metric system.  In the US we use real measurements.  Now I have no clue what you are talking about. What a shame.
Only Americans would destroy a nice old church to put up a monstrosity.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
woah you started stealing content too ig, i hate you. a disgrace to the science community.
This story gives a whole new  context to the plot of the US-American Scifi/Modern Urban Fairy Tale movie "*Batteries Not Included" (sic) (1987), in which a megacorporation tries to evict a group of working class/lower middle class apartment owners from an old tenement building which is the last building on its lot on 8th Street, NYC, while all the other buildings on that block have already been torn down. The planned corporate building in the movie has the same slanted top as the real life CitiCorp Center! It ends with the old tenement buildings being renovated, declared a part of NYC history, and allowed to remain standing, while the corporate skyscraper is build around/above it... on stilts, if I remember correctly.
All our buildings are questionable, especially the subway. And if you've never heard of any roofs partially collapsing u underground etc it's because they don't want u to know. It does happen. A giant scaffold fell afew months back as well. Thank God everyone ran like roaches & no one was hurt
Home-Owner: Use 100 bags of cement. Contractor: 15 bags is enough. Just add more sand and gravel.
i hope that thing is attached underground too lol
I bet calling the gothic-style stone church "old, crumbling" was a propaganda newsbite created by the financiers who wanted it torn down. The irony is, given that the "modern" United States of America and New Amsterdam/New York City specifically _are really very young in the eyes of a European,_ that church wasn't even built in the Gothic era of architecture (unlike, say, Notre Dame in France) and merely constructed in that style, likely only in the 18th or 19th century.
i probably sound really uneducated but could they have avoided this whole thing if they just made the building an L-shape
As a friend of a Architect that put million dollar high rise buildings in NYC.   I can tell you all buildings are sketchy AF.
The real crime is what they did to that beautiful church and turned it instead into a Dues Ex background setpiece
Of course Citicorp doesn't want to discuss this. They put a lot people in danger, knew those people were in danger, and did not inform those people they were in danger. The sheer fluff at the end of this video where he's saying "you must do something" should not mean quietly fixing the problem and then sweeping it under the rug. When I was in the military we had a poster that said "Integrity means doing the right thing even when no one is looking".
Indian government engineers building bridges in north india will be like .........he ye to kuchh bhi nhi he ! ....hum to girne ke baad bhi tension nahi lete
As a French speaking structural engineer, I'm not sure what I'm more alarmed by when watching this documentary. The potential collapse of what was a defective building, or the horrific pronunciation of Le Messurier 😂
Hard to believe that a major architect discusses possible building failure doesn't know who he is talkin to !
Whoever the editor is that makes the motion graphics for this channel, well done.  That’s one talented individual.
Just to be clear, Ive noticed this story warp as its been retold, mostly just for prideful reasons lmao.  originally all is the same except:  the student was a WOMAN, a young woman who was using the building as her finals project in collage. (or something along those lines) she noticed the problem when she ran the calculations herself, she also pointed out that the wind speeds that would make the building crumble was nearly hit multiple years in a row. she also suggested the solution if i'm not mistaken.   There was no "brackets instead of wields" that the company did. The engineer just did bad math, the woman pointed out where she realised it happened.   ultimately, the student became a man, the engineer does nothing wrong, big corpo became the bad guy at fault.
I blame the church.
church was a huge downgrade lol
VERY VERY VERY similar to financial collapses . Wow ! Watch it and wonder !
A world where an engineer is praised for discovering his oversite that endangers tens of thousands of lives and quietly corrects it without their knowledge says a lot about that world.
Calculating risk and yields on derivative packages with multiple traunch layers mifgt be similar to this fascinating high-rise structural engineering problem in Manhattrn NYC in the 1970’s .
"Old crumbling gothic church" r u for real?? ...who the hell are YOU to make such a distinction boy?? Zero respect?! GenZ degenerate
How one building can be so interesting to a person like me who knows nothing about architecture, engineering, or building says a lot about your story telling.
so Diane Hartley came up with the idea but a man got all the credit. Sounds about right.
@veritasium for future reference, you should use kips (1000 lbs) when talking about large structural loads.
can u do the Millennium Tower in SF next!!
As an engineer, the pendulum with friction screams power generation.
It's a mob grinder. How was it allowed? IDK, maybe someone needed bones and gunpowder. I can't believe I'm the only one who sees this. And probably anyone who enters the building knows what awaits them.  If there is anyone who does not get the reference, it is the typical/meta design of a structure in Minecraft designed to kill all its occupants for loot. (Even the access through a vertical tube in its center is identical.) And because the humanoid mobs in Minecraft have 0 brain, they keep on appearing in the building just to be killed automatically, by free fall.  No, really, safety coefficients decide durability, first of all. On any civilian building, the safety coefficients are 2.0. If lives depend directly on the structural integrity, like in a roll-a-coaster or a plane, then they are doubled again, the coefficients being 4.0. So every element of the structure must resist to 4 times the calculated load. They would have had no problems with a 40% increase in load due to miscalculation then a 60% due to movement (meaning, I guess, 160% of 140%, which gives 224%). Building cheap leads to some years in prison for criminal neglect, which is a bit worse than bankruptcy.
Just another example how *Religion is dangerous, and the biggest EVIL on our planet !!*
New and UGLY!!!
What a stupid design!?!?
It's kind of amazing that this building was never a target of terrorist attacks, at least as far as we know.  Seems like it still wouldn't take much to knock it down.
7 million views in 2 days is crazy work
Unbelievable that the designer based his calcs on 'welded braces', and constructor used 'bolted braces' to save a few million dollars and saved some construction time, without rechecking of the design basis, & concept/loads & design contingency allowances for knowns (and unknowns) !
They did not do the right thing.  They took a chance with thousands of people's lives.  They said they didn't want to cause a panic,  that's BS . They could have informed everyone at the end of the first day not to come in the next day.  They were only worried about money as usual.  Loss of trade ,ect. Sure, it would have been massive, but everyone would have been safe. DOG'S...they don't care about people's lives at all .
More Individuals and Policy Makers need to respond to mistakes, errors in calculations and errors in judgment as this Gentleman did. When something felt off he didn't drop it. He didn't pass it off as someone else's error. He came up with a plan and presented it to the stakeholders. Then used it as a teaching tool on ethics
As a 68 yo electrical engineer, I'm happy to say that most, if not all engineers feel the same way... we have a responsibility and loyalty to science, not to any boss, politician, etc.
That bracing system concept was the "theory", but not practical and did not allow for unknowns- ie there shud have been more contingency ! That the designer was going to base everything on theoretical computer designed "dampers" to overcome wind load  'sway' was reckless.?
So money. It all revolves around money.
He never should have built it
To be fair, it wasn't entirely the architect's mistake. He never planned for using the bolts instead of welding, which caused much of the problem. Good thing nobody was hurt after all.
A study in integrity.
I need to watch stuff like this. All youtube shows me is crime stuff and its depressing
Replaced a beautiful old church with a modern eyesore, how very predictable.
Good thing we don't have wind speeds in km/hr!  110 Km/hr = 68mph.
Replacing Gothic architecture with postmodern grey concrete blocks is a crime against humanity.
I know it sounds crazy, and it is... But perhaps saving that church is what saved that building. Because where we always hear about demons, we forget Angels are also a thing. When you get into the spiritual nature of Angels, there are angels whose sole purpose is to watch over and protect holy ground. Such as churches.  So here we have a building that was designed in the way it was to Spare this new renovated church. The Angel of that church gets to keep their job... So long as this new building stays standing. Again, I know it sounds crazy... But a mysterious student that couldn't be confirmed. Repairs went on without a single hitch, and finally a storm that so happened to miss the city. Just saying from a spiritualist perspective, that sounds like a Miracle.
If earlier in your video you showed examples of the chevrons bolted versus welded and I missed it, I apologize. However, if you did not show examples, I wish you would have shown examples of the chevrons both bolted and welded so we could have a better idea of what you were telling us. I'm half-way through this video so you may yet show it to us. However, it isn't fun listening to your discussion about this most critical part of the structure without the accurate imagery. That aside, very interesting discussion.
this is why i cant trust humans :/
This was elite
there is no way they built this without iron man, they must have had one in the stark lab back in the days
The loss of those magnificent architectural is terrible.
this needs to be a movie
Do they not think about wind tunnel effect from all buildings aroud it ...that can make alotof wind hit 1 part of building tunneling through the😮 others
Academia and medicine needed more people like Bill LeMessurier in 2020, and didn't have them. All of us paid the price.
Absolutely infuriating, hearing how tight-lipped everyone was in the aftermath. It's amazing how much we do not learn. Bill LeMessurier admits his mistakes: is a hero. Everyone else shuts their mouths and refuses to acknowledge the mistake: they look like assholes. Humans do the opposite of what demonstrably works in this situation.
Yes I hate that building. I try to never pass down there😂
Can its steel survive jet fuel?
Does it fall like a controlled demolition?
I heard the music at 22:47 in Lemmino's videos
The one who discovered the design flaw was an architectural student and not the architect himself.
Pretty decent video for a guy who's never played Super Mario 64.
Praise The Lord. He reached down and diverted that hurricane with his own hand. Saving not only countless lives, possessions,  and money, but also St Peter's.
So, as is often the case, churches cause problems. Nothing new.
Now I want to see disaster movies where the story is of the disaster being prevented in time because everyone involved is smart and good.
That’s one ugly ass church. The old one looked significantly better.
9/11 towers, one plane, and a lot of cover-up.
For those who have an incessantly curious mind, this is old news. It is no longer the most dangerous building in NYC but it had been.
Absolutely fascinating‼️
Bondi cannot be trusted in the slightest. She let her real thoughts slip in the news clip.
Hey you are not The B1M !
6:48 I must not... I will not yield to this joke...
That’s not going anywhere
Good video.  Your jacket, however, is annoying.
I’m trying to make it make sense on how a building can get hit with a plane and collapse in on itself without toppling over. I get it was different structurally but strange nonetheless.
10:47 YOOO VIVALDI'S AUTUMN
Always trust measurements from a guy named LeMessurier.
I love when someone is describing a building in the US and talking in metric units.
AH YES WIND WHO COULD HAVE THOUGHT ABOUT WIND WOOOW UNTHINKABLE
This is what happens when u hire liberals to try to make something. They make it ugly, it doesn’t work, and it threatens to kill everyone in the area. Typical liberals
Woman discovers flaw, later a man takes credit for finding it 🙄 shocking 😐
Good thing there hadnt been a case of a tower in manhattan collapsing
I have learned that everyone screws up, and few will ever admit it.  Wealth created by huge projects like Millennium Tower, Three Gorges Dam, and etc. are the worse. Accountability?  The first three things a tow driver learns to say are "I didn't do it, I don't know who did, and I don't know anything about it".
Bro why does it look like the Buster Sword?
that pos looks like a mob farm
This is very interesting, great video
Now repeat this story and put a MAGA engineer in LeMessurier's place ..... How many thousands of lives and billions of dollars would not have been saved ? This level of professional integrity, responsibility and honesty no longer exists in the White House, and this piece of history should teach all voters just how incredibly important it is to choose a POTUS who at least appears to be an honest person.
Destroying that historic gothic church should be considered a crime against humanity.  Same with the destruction of the original Penn Station.  There, i said it.
I just don’t understand why you’d be like “4 bolts.” I’d been like, “we’re doing 4 bolts per side of this square beam.” Ah, well. He stood up, and the correction was installed.
Science made easy and interesting. Great topics every time.
Great video @veritasium and a solid history lesson! We are proud to have started our own motion control journey with the design of the Taipei 101 tuned mass damper and to be a part of the continued growth of TMDs and TSDs ever since. Keep up the great work.
Woah
Props to Wriston as well.
The animation is unnecessary. Unless it's just to fill up video time.
Poland mentioned in the thumbnail
I'm no architect, but cantilevered anything almost always gives me the heebie jeebies.
These greedy SOBs would tear down the St. Peters if they thought they could make an extra nickel on it.
To be fair it wasn't him that screwed up. He said weld it and his team bolted it to save money lol
In the end, it was architects and engineers that did the calculations and cared that saved lives. Mistakes were made but they were corrected. Thank goodness.
This is such an old story. Everyone already knows it.
The decision to use bolts was the problem, but this critical decision and how was made was not examined - was the decision made on sound engineering data???  The possible decrease in the value of the building meant that the entire repair project had to be done in secret and at a slower pace to be kept secret. So the bolts replaced welds to save money and when the error was discovered the repairs had to be done in secret to not affect the value of the building - all the while putting thousands of lives at risk - hardly an endorsement of those involved- remember the iron ring !!!
wonderful story of engineering
So what happens if by a very slim chance NYC gets an Earthquake of 6 or more? Will that weight help save the building or crush it? I watched the real WTC being built a lot goes into the buildings even back when the Empire State building was designed it's been hit by several small planes with little damage. I won't go Into 911 that was horrible and different,  but these designs should never be built just because you have the money doesn't mean your idea is a good one.
I have a Quarter Century, 25 Full Years, Experience with Building with Lego As a Carpenter. I Think Every Architect should use it. And i Know they will Love it because i still play with me 18+ Lego. There Are No Limits ❤
William LeMessurier is an evil man. He didn't tell people that the building they were in could collapse from the wind, because he didn't want to start a "panic." What an elitist snob.
WHY WOULD THEY TEAR DOWN THAT ETHEREAL CHURCH FOR THAT UGLY THING IT LOOKS LIKE IF A CONCRETE BLOCK AND A CYBERTRUSK HAD A ABABY
Student level engineering combined with cowardice and the destruction of beautiful sacred buildings = disaster and folly.  Probably will still fall down one day, but as long as the architect can have a little story to tell to his class of morons that’s ok.
this new church is so awful
Seems like the person who approved the bolts without LeMessurier's approval is the real culprit here
They do not follow the rule of law in NY. Hime of Fish James
We need more people like him these days, people who take accountability seriously
What a disgrace of a change....gothic church had personality, that thing there looks like a lego piece.....ridiculous. And the guy in the video talking about it crumbling, show how much of a ignorant sheep he is. Why not reinforce it? The video should talk about this issue.
Why is there no peer review on new design like this!
How is the the tension in the braces equals to wind load- gravity load 17:19
The old church was so beautiful. The new one is disgusting
Having lived in New York for a year, I can say that there are so many things so badly designed - subway stops not long enough for trains, at least one crane collapsing every couple months. Heck, iirc there were still parts of Staten Island messed up 5 years after Sandy…
This is for sure the first ever veritasium video I completely understood 😂😅
Black Lives Matter
Mom GO DO YOUR HOMEWORK OR SLEEP FOR￼EVER!!!!!!!!   Me.
24 minutes video, 14 ads! WTF!
It’s funny how some people don’t understand the calculation and try to “improve” on something.
Religion ruins everything.
21:31 This part is just crazy to think about, imagine going to work like normal during that. But I guess desperate times call for desperate LeMessurier
You had ONE job!!!
Yes happy he owned up but it’s crazy that’s what people are focusing on. If it was a woman, people wouldn’t be saying the same thing. It would just be expected of her.  Yay for him doing what he should have done?   The bar for men is so low.
I'm not sure why everyone was so worried. There's no risk. The wind doesn't blow in kilometers in New York City.  😉
I didn't know it didn't have a "bottom" until I was in my 20s. I had never seen it from the street—only from a distance or in pictures and on film as a part of the skyline. My dad worked there for a brief time in the late 90s and when I went to meet him after work, I couldn't believe it.
As my dear departed Leah used to say " You are only as stupid as where you are standing." Note Porphyria is a disease directly connected to pollution.
Imagine if, instead of going through the calculations with the student, he dismissed the request for clarification and detail. Is it possible to overstate the importance of humility and probity? Seems more important than the unquenchable mania of profit and progress.
I thought that he was informed by another engineer. But I may be misinformed.
1hr
i swear i already seen this ages ago, I thought I had dejavu initially but then i seen the animation of the counterweight on top of the roof and i remembered clearly watching the same animation and explanation before
Love that a woman sounded the alarm! For those of us that live in Manhattan, this building is referred to as the "Lipstick building".
In fact HE didn't discover the flaw, a female student of engineering did: Diane Hartley. Credit where credit is due please
Your Saily ad starts with a picture of electrical workers working on electrical service cables, not telephone lines.
1:23 lol
An arrogant VP of engineering at a place I worked at removed a 1/2 cent diode "to save money". He over ran the design review meeting as a stuck up "I know everything". No amount of explaining the risks from switching off an inductive coil mattered. ie what mattered is the golden boy fake engineer VP got to be a Dictator. It did not matter that "protective diodes" are used across coils for 40 years before his dumb command. It did not matter that my prior job we added diodes across coils on the same type product. It did not matter that one had already lived through another pricks command of removing a diodes and thus field failures that swamped all the savings. ie that same jackass VP did the same dumb removal of 1/2 cent items and then left after they birthed a disaster again.   So sometimes in engineering the Management idiots in power will dictate to remove a diode or washer or ignore O-rings issues when freezing.  They often rise in power via back stabbing, cheating. They often have giant holes in their basic engineering. ie they cheated everywhere and are now your boss or VP of engineering to screw up all designs.  Make sure you document your protest and have their name on the changes. Their game is to not be accountable when all hell breaks loose. ie your want their hide tied to the disaster they are  a "fathering".   in Japan in engineering they tie you to the design forever. ie you have to eat your own cooking and  cannot skirt its woes when their is a disaster. The USA tends to have more of the single chap fathers a woe in a mess of products and never really has to fix the mess they created.
I hated child stories since I was about 4
Sometimes I think Einstein just capped Acceleration to the speed of light squared. Force = Mass x Acceleration Energy = Mass x Speed of light^2  Thus Force = Energy. 😅
replacing an old church for a stone cube is very american..
you could say new york is full of brilliant people solving amazing problems - or maybe just a bunch of annoying people who all think they know best
Designed to fail and collapse at the desired time...obviously.
Imagine he just figured all this out and then, outside the window, he sees the building fall before he can do anything or tell anyone. That would be crazy!
It was a woman doing a research that discovered that. Not the folk mentioned alone.
Should have kept the curch. This dumb ass concrete block they replaced it with, and the even dumber glass rectangle above it are worthless to all of society, except the company housing in it, and they could have just moved elsewhere
I thought hurricane season was OVER!!!
Cost cutting is often the cause of future issues.
If I were a structural engineer I'd be terrified that one of my buildings might collapse
as an engineer, this is a horror story
1:39 - When he said "new one", I didn't see it. I thought it was part of the building. The new church looks like an outsourcing centre, not a temple.
I don't understand. The guy finds out his designed building will inevitably kill thousands of people, when taking the responsibility and fixing the issue, he is praised upon it
b^2 = 4*k*m (b = damping constant k = spring consctant) if this holds tru you get critical damping
What a cascade of bad decisions. Modern engineering hubris.
I would have stayed silent
Not sure how i feel about them not telling the public. I can understand not wanting to panic people but what if something DID go wrong? There wouldn't be enough time to evacuate everyone in and around the danger zone. Entire families would be wiped out. They let people walk right into what could be a death trap....all to avoid scrutiny.
How can something so majestic be called "old crumbling gothic church".
A mistake that was created by contractors in a sense save $250K caused great panic to its design Engineer “ William LeMessurier “ & a repair cost $4 Million !
What a horrible church, what the heck??
This topic is wild because when people think of Manhattan, they picture luxury, finance, skyscrapers, and culture — not danger. But yeah, even one of the richest places on Earth has its dark corners, and some buildings carry a reputation that goes beyond just old bricks and bad plumbing.  When you talk about the “most dangerous building” in Manhattan, it’s not just about physical danger like structural issues — it can also mean a building’s history, crime rates, mysterious past, or even health hazards. Some buildings are literally ticking time bombs due to what they’re made of (like asbestos), while others are wrapped in stories of crime, corruption, or tragedy.  A few places come to mind depending on what angle you're looking at:  NYCHA buildings (public housing projects) in neighborhoods like East Harlem or the Lower East Side have long struggled with poor maintenance, outdated safety standards, and higher crime. It’s not fair to blame the residents — it’s more about the system failing them.  Then there’s One57, the supertall luxury skyscraper nicknamed the “Billionaire Building.” It’s not dangerous in the usual sense, but it's symbolic of Manhattan’s real estate bubble, where billionaires park money in apartments no one lives in, while homelessness grows. In a social sense, that’s dangerous.  Or consider abandoned or forgotten structures—some pre-war buildings have had fires, collapsed stairwells, or even toxic mold and lead. There are places that look safe on the outside but are nightmares inside.  Some even say 432 Park Avenue, one of the tallest residential buildings in the world, is "dangerous" in a different way — super rich owners have complained about engineering flaws, strange creaking sounds, and flooding from broken pipes. Imagine dropping millions on an apartment only to have your ceiling leak — wild.  Let’s not forget the psychological angle either — some buildings carry dark energy from tragedies, suicides, or crimes that happened there. A building can look sleek and shiny but still hold a haunted vibe that makes people uneasy.  So yeah, the most dangerous building in Manhattan might not be falling apart — it might just be the one that’s hiding the most behind its walls.
I bet that church was not ‘crumbling’ I’m in UK large church down the road from me is 700 years old! Perfectly fine..
8:10 противовесы от экваториальных монтировок для телескопов
Welcome to ShittyCorp can i take a order prease
Have never seen so much commercials 😅
The initial engineer didn’t find the flaw. Diane Hartley, an undergraduate engineering student at Princeton University (not a graduate student, as sometimes claimed). In 1978, while working on her senior thesis, Hartley analyzed the Citicorp Center’s structural design. She noticed that the building’s unique structure—elevated on stilts with a tuned mass damper to counteract swaying—might be vulnerable to “quartering winds. The engineers initially resisted the idea but later decided to check and SHE was right. Give that girl some credit.
Unnecessarily stupid, just make a smaller building instead of that ugly mess that endangers everyone
Why do complicated and dangerous when you can do simple and safe
I bet they had weekly if not daily charts of how much more wind it could take after one section got resolved.
how did someone look at that and think yup it is completely safe.
32:07 Nist is the last organisation you would want to question a buildings structural integrity! take for example building 7… it’s laughable their explanation compared to the University of Fairbanks study! corrupt to the core
WHY DID THEY DESTROY THE GOTHIC CHURCH BRING BACK THE GOTHIC CHURCH WHAT THE HELL
I didn't expect the emotional roller coaster from Veritasium. This could have been a blockbuster movie (pun intended).
No movie?? Surprised if there want a movie about him
1;36 insane downgrade
7:20 how is that 22 pounds per square foot measured? is it specifically square footage of livable space?
Very interesting case.
If they admitted the problem immediately, couldn't they have worked round the clock (not just at night) and got the problem fully fixed before hurricane season? Perhaps I've misunderstood but it seems that it was partly the secrecy that slowed the process down
Or… hear me out… BUILD OUT THE BOTTOM OF THE BUILDING IN A WAY THAT’LL give it some extra structural integrity…
LE MAY SUE REE AIR not le measure  if you‘re gonna say it 2000 times please look up the pronunciation 😭
>do back-breaking work building a gothic church >get paid just enough to feed your family >at least you can marvel at the result of your blood and sweat >fall into deep slumber >wake up centuries later >in place of the church you helped build, you now see a couple slabs of concrete >go back to sleep, hopefully not to wake up this time around
They kept it secret from the people inside the building, they didn't tell mayor's office, fire department, public safety? When were they planning on telling them, an hour before hurricane might have hit? Imagine week after week, doing all that work on the frame, and telling office workers nothing to worry about.  He was proud that a newspaper didn't find out and tell people. And now they teach this as engineering ethics ? That if you make a mistake that puts lives in jeopardy, keep it secret until you can fix it ?
This video conveniently "forgot" to mention that modern analysis has show that the original bolted plates were actually fine. Some people get all giggly about bolts, bolts is bad, but then drive over bridges EVERY day that are assembled on site only using bolts, because, well, all bolts used on on steel beams is either the equivalent of grade 5 or 8 in strength, it's not the grade 3 stuff people buy at Home Depot to build a picnic table.
Why would anyone want to destroy such a beautiful gothic church to replace it with a lifeless modern building??
MTS is in Eden Prairie Minnesota and is known world wide for electronically and computer controlled mechanical test equipment used in many different industries.
This would make a great lofi nerd thriller
👍👍🙂
I’m not a structural engineer, but why they didn’t hot patch it with pillars in the corners to just get more time to fix beams even if the storm comes?
1:40 i literally said "ugh" out loud
Native NYer here. I refused to go near the building back then. It looked like it was designed by meth heads.
A person who has made a mistake and learned from it is vastly more experienced in their field than a colleague who hasn’t.  All the better if that mistake had no consequences before it could be rectified.
It´s nuts that they decided to destroy a gothic church to build that minecraft temple.
"so its probably the first time in history an engineer has come to an architect and said lets make our job harder for us"  BAHAHAHA yea cause its usually the other way around! LMAO
Cinema improves life.
Ok wait. He created the design, which would have worked as intended. The contractor modified his design without informing him, endangering the entire city. How is that his fault?
I’m anxious just watching the video.
I dislike the derisive manner that they talk about the "old, crumbling Gothic church". It looks way cooler than the shitty boulder that's there now
40 meters?  Really?  Dude your audience is America, not France, and thats 131 FEET.  The plans for the building and the calcs were done in feet. Stop trying to be some euro snob.
WE don't do kilometers in the USA
Wir sind weiter für Frieden
That church looks horrible, so sad that they got rid of it
Idiocracy !
110 kilometers? Dislike, use real units
I'm no structural engineer but that building looks obviously unsafe and you cannot convince me with any math nonsense that putting all that on thin pillars instead of a more proper base
My guess would be 'money' 🫤
Looks like a radio tower or some type built within
This deserves a movie
Ripping down that really nice big old church to replace it with a glass box is some sort of crime against humanity.
I recall it being a student that spilled the beans, she realized the integrity was off doing her thesis
In SU building "on stilts" was something of a flex for engineers. I live near one such building, it once was an administrative building for a precious metal recovery plant, now it's a residential building. Whole structure stands on V-shaped supports, with first floor being raised above ground.
Ouff. Mechanical engineer here. Bolts, welding ... That was not the real issue here (the original weldings perhaps would have been also faulty). The real issue is the fact, that they did completely wrong assumptions on a somehow progressive design. It is definitely not(!) counter-intuitive, that the major wind force happens diagonally. Wind force or air resistance is always calculated with the biggest surface the wind or air hits. And - surprise - the diagonal surface of a block is much bigger than the orthogonal surface. This is no rocket science and known for hundreds of years, I really can't believe, they missed that.
"It would have toppled, then another one..." - Foreshadowing
The Architect listens to what the Client wants and designs what the Client needs. The Engineer listens to what the Architect wants and designs the structure the Architect needs. The Client listens to his Accountant and gets the design the Client deserves. The Town Planner thinks he's God's gift to design and listens to nobody. Then the Contractor gets involved and thus, weare gifted our urban environment.
It would be insane if you made a video about the power outage in spain..
Can we do an early life check on this?
The design is very human
Maybe I'm an idiot but, wth didn't they just design the building turned 45 degrees on its base?
Hmm quite a dramatic reaction in my opinion. I mean, it was in Manhattan. Just call the Avengers.
(Critically Damped)
How did they gamble with people's lives!? Would be a different video if storm did not change direction and many buildings were collapsed.
THAT NEW CHURCH LOOKS ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE WHY DID THEY REPLACE IT
10:49 "The tallest Buildings in the World" ... 1977, CTBUH" graphik is wrong. The  The Willis Tower, formerly and still commonly referred to as the Sears Tower, is a 412.7 m  (CTBUH) tall building in Chicago, it opened in 1973!
I believe his name is "will" not "bill"
You really have to seek out beauty in todays world .
Love veritasium, but is this the first instance of an ad embedded right in the middle of the video (at approx 23:00 - 24:30) rather than sponsors mentioned at the beginning or the end?    Really annoying.
The media blackout bit made me laugh so hard. I bet they were all letting out a big sigh of relief at that point.
The first 2 courses in Engineering are Statics, & Dynamics.
110 KPH= 68.75 MPH.
This video is more interested than my doctor’ class
So they made an arch upside down. What do they get paid? Its too much.
What an awesome channel
19:08 the wind had to land a critical hit
How did this guy not know they used bolts instead of welds? Seems like something you'd want to double check
He's not the one that found it. An engineering student did and took it to him.
Still can't believe building 7 was taken down from being shook 1/3 of the OKC building was gone and it was probably shook a little bit too yet it never went down
The old Church was amazing the new one looks like a bunker
bro that church was beautiful
The Gothic church looked amazing
i have seen somethings on demolition of older structures.  Often the original design of the building does not agree with the submitted blue prints of record.  It is not uncommon for those actually building a structure to improvise and sometimes without any engineers to check what was being done or the changes being noted in the plans.  Beams in the plans may not be there and other structures added that are not in the plans.   But in a novel building that was pushing the extremes, to have changed anything was criminal; even some like myself with no engineering background can see the folly of that.  I bet the clever fellow that came up with the bolt vs weld substitution idea got bonuses for that idea.   Be a good plot for a movie.
they should build a giant ship in the city just for art..
That's water damm impressive
5 min later, I found this is not the practical engineering channel.
24:22 ad skip
This is why I have found engineers are very disconnected with their jobs being built. They need to come out for inspection while the job is being built. The bolts would have never happened because it would have been caught
1:36 they turned THAT into an ugly square block???????
hey  what a crazy idea for architects to not work against laws of physics, and put foundation columns at the corners of the building?
28:19 I have seen this gigantic ball berfore!
Humans make mistakes, no matter who you are and what you do. They fixed it immediately amd did what was right. Nothing to be ashamed of.
i appreciate the thorough explanation of the load transfer and the demonstrations, very interesting and helpful
So there is no professionalism when it comes to building towers in NYC? The architects and engineers build buildings only to realize the building could collapse…meaning they weren’t qualified to build in the first place. Aren’t they suppose to know this stuff? And another thing, why does modern architecture look so boring and ugly?
Even if it's fixed, I'd be sure to stay at least a mile away from that thang xP
I called it, you can't trust contractors
Really like this form of content very professional well done.
Most people I work around will never admit to their mistakes. It takes a bigger person to do such. Owning up to your actions is impossible for most people. They are just simply too selfish.
Money was made, at the end of the day
Instead of sitting in his office when they were building it, he should have been there to prevent them from using bolts for the joints. People gotta learn to get their hands dirty.
Replacing an old historical church to build this lifeless tower is an atrocity, to be honest.  And the building isn't safe!!
you're basically an ai slop channel now
Reminds me of the disconcerting sensation of walking around the base of the Rainier Tower in Seattle.
1:40 I know this is off topic but that before and after of the church is absolutely devastating.
If it fell while he knew and decided not to "cause panic" he would have been remembered as a greedy monster
So they destroyed marvelous gothic chruch which they can't build anymore and built a stupid cubic instead of it? How stupid we are?!
First time hearing about this but he is a genuine hero, he could have just totally ignored it, and i think so many people would have
I hear an American accent, if you are going to use kilometers, can’t you at least give both numbers? American hater or what?
« Citicorp center » evil company in a video game ah name
The Sydney Masonic Centre - in Sydney, Australia - designed around the same time, (and more specifically, the tower above it), although smaller, is a similar but much more gravity-defying experiment in brutalist architecture - balancing like a top made of concrete, steel and glass. It never fails to stop passers-by in their tracks, who stare in awe at how it manages to  float above the city.
That's cloud's buster sword.
Such ugly and disgusting architecture. Insane downgrade for church
Was foolish to build it like that in the first place smh 🤦🏿‍♂️
10:27 Excuse me, could you possibly save some lip gloss for the rest of us, please?
not much to do this
Dear lord the replacement of the old gothic church should be considered a war crime.
Somebody’s going to hell for tearing down that church and putting that monstrosity in its place.
All that panic for nothing, the man upstairs would'nt have let a building collapse on his church, would he?
Us: The pyramids could never have been built without our modern intellect and technology Also us: Forgets wind can change directions
I wrote an essay on this for one of my university assignments, very interesting build!
2:23 This is where the problem started
I find it interesting that, in the evacuation calculations and in the discussion regarding what would happen if the building fell over...nobody said anything about the church, or apparently included the church in the discussions...you know, the one that had a giant building looming directly over it 😆
so GODs screwed us all again
Imagine working in that building at the time, and then seeing this documentary 😂
Having someone asking question about your design is a good way to start thinking critical about it yourself, even if the questions is unrelevant or on a basic level, so having a company cultuire where the architect is alowed to be questioned is essential. Even if the question might seems stuipid never be afraid to ask it.
Ah yes i still have megalophobia thanks for reminding
Statics 201 ;)
Bro just saved us from 9/11 part two!!! 💀☠💀
This whole video sounds like 99% invisible's episode
If they destroyed the original church why didn’t they just incorporate the church into the actual building?
This is sensationalist nonsense! The building was retrofitted so isn't dangerous. Also NIST order a re-evaluation of the original load calculations done to determine structural soundness prior to the retrofitting. To hence determine whether the retrofitting was required as they believed it most likely wasn;t necessary. Very dispointing you're now abstracting truth for the sake of low brow shock for views! Dreadful!
who paid for all of it?! is it city who confirmed the plans? is it the guys who decided to use bolts instead of welds? is it LeMessuriers company or Citicorp as owner? I'm really wondering why this didn't create a wave of battling law suits
Our ancestors built strong structures that we see today in awe..but modern people build S2pid structures that cant even stand for a decade.
I’m no engineer, but common sense tells me this design was a bad idea from the get-go.
Churches are always a problem
Funny how the guy responsible for the decision to bolt the struts was never identified...😂😂
I'm more concerned about the fact it's needlessly dangerous
6.2 Million Views in 2 days is Crazy 😮😮
Well, churches are useless things anyway.  We should start believing in Harry Potter, too. Maybe we will see him fly one day.
US capitalist driven cultural canibalism in a nutshell.
Amazing man
It's a great story and a remarkable example! I can't immagine how hard has been for him to go through all of this!  It's a kind of hero because if he decided to stay that would cost life of so many people... Finally as Harry Potter fan his last speach recalled me prof. Dumbledore... It was touching 😊
What an absolute waste of a Church
Look up the tricorn house in Birmingham
We have worse buildings in India 😢 Guess you can get more content here
First of all it was God will to make fun at Manhatten right? :D
1:37 Nice! Replace a classic building portraying devotion to the faith with a sterile block of a brutalistic abomination. What a trade. Goes to show what drives and what always had driven this hellhole of a city.
N-eed A-nother S-even A-stronauts
Great idea! Instead of making stable construction, experimenting there, were experiments doesn't allowed to be. It's like running from bear and experiment with speed of run "What will be, if I go at a jog instead of full speed?.."
And I thought hurricane season was ovah
Videos not the same without fully storytelling by Derek Muller.
Great video! Consider doing one on hypothesis testing?
That new church looks like a building for housing AC units or something.
0:01 I feel like I’ve seen this building in an episode of the flash
Good on the engineer for doing the right thing. To be fair, if they welded the joints per the original design, everything would have been fine.
Destroying that beautiful church was a crime
Just a minor Structural Engi correction. When calculating (even with Safety Factors), your numbers always round up, even if they're close to the other number. I. E. Number of bolts (calculated) = 3.05. Number of bolts (to be installed) = 4. We never round down.
0:29 nah it was his female student who discovered it 12:47 ok never mind 28:35 diane hartley 30:50 who made the call
Makes me feel better about my own mistakes on the job! I'm grateful that my job as an urban planner doesn't involve risk to human life (and before you comment, it is the traffic engineers who design the roads, not urban planners). So engineers really do have a great responsibility! Kudos to them!
but new church looks awfull
How did no one catch that? It’s like starting Jenga by taking by blocks from the bottom
That new church looks like doo doo
Wait, isn't this building they show in the new york skyline as the Suits office?
Absolute cinema. Очень интересно, спасибо
7:56 John Hancock Tower in Boston was to the first building to install a tuned mass damper.  It was installed in 1976 a full year before the Citigroup Center was first opened and almost a year and a half before the damper was added to the Citigroup Center.
18:25 lmao
18:38 Global warming also increases the likelihood of inland winds being strong enough. Would deniers ignore those odds and keep lying about the "hoax," as our genius President does? If this was Trump tower, imagine the thought process.
Only 1 in 1000???? Wtf so in other words a 1/10 chance of collapse in our lifetime
Derek, you keep getting better and better. What a treasure!
It's pretty awful seeing how this channel tries to sell this problem like a success, corporate cut corners during building, cut corners in design, was hush hush in order to have an alibi if the thing fell down and was willing to risk hundred of thousands of lives to save face.  How Citibank isn't much different than the Soviet State during Chernobyl?
Nobody would die. As long as nobody was inside the building. Buildings in Manhattan fall straight down. They dont fall to the sides. This is well known natural order of things.
The female engineering student who identified a structural flaw in the Citicorp Center design was Diane Hartley. She was a Princeton University student working on her thesis in 1978 when she discovered the potential for the building to be blown down by a diagonal wind.
Learned about this in my engineering whistleblowing class. Cool to see lol
All these glass buildings going up in the Uk a window fell out & killed a person on the ground walking by
1:38 St Peter's Church: "Citicorp! Please don't reduce my polygon count!" Citicorp: "How bout I do, anyway?"
The church was at fault for being stubborn and selfish.
Interesting how they never thought the building would collapse in on itself like they did during the controlled demolitions of 911 and Building 7.
Money 💰 talks !!!!
I caught a glimpse of those "midpoint" columns with a large section of cladding removed, and saw that the actual support column within it is unnervingly slender. So the size when cladded is probably just for psychological purposes. 😬
It's km/h not Km/h as you have in some of the graphics. 😉
A lot of engineers cry over architect’s design calling it a nightmare, then decides to design something of their own that is just an equal nightmare, worse, looks more dangerous compared to an architects design….
Greed is how it was allowed to be built
That church is ugly
"sweating blood", good one
The absolute journalistic malpractice of not mentioning Diane Hartley, who first realized the issues with quartering winds, is wild. She even went as far as requesting their documentation, verifying that they only looked at face winds (which is not unreasonable- they built to code), and computed that the quartering winds would collapse the building if they only built to resist perpendicular winds. I have no idea why y'all would write her out of this.
Me-zu-ree-ay.
Didn't Japan use wood logs as pendulums to help with multi story building sing theyd wobble differently than an earth quake?
Probably jewish money and influence ie blackmail
오  멋져
Worst part about this whole story was the destruction of that beautiful church and it getting replaced by that.
🌟 That "old crumbling Gothic church" holds 100x more soul, history, and beauty than any shiny, surrealist block they replaced it with. 🏰✨ Looking at it, you could feel the weight of centuries — the hands that built it, the prayers whispered within its walls. It had a story written in every crack and stone. The new one? It honestly feels like a Minecraft build rendered into reality — cold, sterile, and disconnected from spirit. 🎮🏢 It’s sad how often we trade authenticity for convenience and lose something priceless in the process. Thank you for capturing that quiet tragedy in your video — it made me stop, think, and feel. 🙏
Software Engineer: fixing code in production is not a big deal 😅
damn that old church looked about 1000x better
They allowed it because he's white
Imagine if this story ended in LeMessurier being punished and ostracized. No engineer would ever come forward with a mistake ever again.
If this were to happen today, analysts would be deployed to find whether or not the cost of paying out the city/families in settlements would be greater than the cost of addressing the structural issue
Some engineers are beyond idiots. In all fields. They go to school, learn from books, have no real life experience, and design very important things, that always fail once implemented, and reality hits. Ask any good technician. Engineers design it, and tech make it work. Just like a plane hitting the WTC could never bring it down (twice), they don't understand sht about science or reality. Bolts are not as good as welds. They slip and flex under stress, and can sheer off. All of the calculations can never show reality, just a best guess, then double it! They not only forgot to calculate all winds, but gravity, ground settling, time, and earthquakes are a factor, as well as people moving around inside, and weights shifting and changing. Then add the possibility of a meteor strike, airplane strike, or a car bomb, and you only begin to understand the real issues, and it's  not cutting corners to save money. Even bad weather changes over time. How about a hurricane? They figure "we don't have hurricanes, earthquakes, volcanos, or terrorism", then reality hits... Most of these so-called engineers still don't understand why the towers came down, no matter how obvious, and they try to cover it with conspiracy theories, rather than tackling the real science issue. We used to not have earthquake, or fire resistant buildings, before big earthquakes, and fires, then we did. The same should be taken into account for all other possibilities. Hey, nuclear reactors are all safe, and environmentally friendly, until an earthquake, and a big wave takes out 3 at a time, creating the biggest nuclear disaster in history, that's still being covered up. No amount of fossil fuels could do the damage of Fukushima.
OUTRAGEOUS that someone doing a normal thing like reporting a mistake is lauded as some kind of magical act that warrants recognition.  In actuality he behaved perfectly normally and did what a normal person would do.  If someone does NOT do the normal thing they should be jailed for life.
The building looks just like any normal square buildings from outside, why do they need to make it so special using diagonal columns?
"Km" is not scientific, is should be "km" with a little k.
I'd rather have the church than that ugly building😢
The new church design is ugly
Now I'm feeling Proud to working for Citi Corp. project
My Panic mode while watching this video 📈📈
I’m glad Fauci never became a Structural Engineer.
Nah this ain’t the most dangerous building in manhattan💀 if you know you know               9/11
I would much, _much_ rather be remembered for making mistakes and fixing them before anyone comes to harm; than for stubbornly refusing to admit I've made any even if people got hurt. Everyone makes mistakes. Pretending you don't is how we get pretty much every engineering disaster in history. And also every humanitarian disaster. And extremism & politically motivated violence.
That's a space ship in disguise. Change my mind.
Check the “Torre Reforma" in Mexico City construction, they face quite the same problem but instead of destroying they moved the whole house and put it back on the exact same point it was before... Its a modern construction and different time but if you're curious go check it out.
28:30 Am I the only one concerned about this?😨 Taipei Tower can withstand earthquakes up to a magnitude of 6.8. But in 1999, an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.7 struck Taiwan (Chichi).
Summary:  Everything about New York is a problem and a waste of time.  Worse, the church authority should have been removed entirely and the building built normally.
I don't even think you have to be a structural engineer to know that the design is bad. Just look at it!
27:42 and thus we have the only safety law in existence, not written in blood... unless you count LeMessurier's sweat, that is.
As a ucla engineering student, I found it fascinating how he used a damped harmonic oscillator to stabilize the building! We’re currently studying oscillations but I never thought of the subject in this context.
maybe if they didnt make such a stupid building design to start with there wouldnt have been an issue
Jenga taught me this doesn’t work.
I lived there
VERITASIUM SALUTE 👊🏾LMCPGMARLEY DMV ON COME UP RAP ARTIST YALL TAPPP IN MARYLAND STAND UP ❤
They panicked but didn't want anyone else to? What kind of logic is that? The public should have been made aware, full stop. They gambled with those lives and he almost makes a mockery of it.
Why didn't they just make a triangle building (from top view) to avoid the church?  Like Flatiron building
i love this
What a shame they knocked down that beautiful church.  The one they built (on the outside) is quite possibly the ugliest-UGLIEST church I've ever laid eyes upon.  They would have been better to spend it rehabbing the old one.
Great random video
25:20 - What an insane stroke of luck
This absolutely creeps me out and makes me dizzy from my living room like I'm on the top floor of that building during the highest winds NYC has ever experienced!!! 🤢
110 KMPH is approx. 68 MPH so those wondering don't have to do the math yourself.
Jordy went triple dab 😂
Doesn't anyone want to know who approved the idea of replacing welds with bolts?
They really demolished a beautiful gothic church and replaced it with a PS5
Thank you for crediting your visual artists in the description, it is very reassuring.
They replaced that beautiful gothic Church building with a closed lid trash can 💀
Thank you for this wonderfully intriguing video!  For some reason, this reminded me of when I watched 'Man On Wire' via a knock-off DVD when I lived in Dongying, China back in 2012!❤  I see you are trending, and with this level of video production, you deserve it!👏
I enjoyed this video without understanding a single word of it.
MY QUESTION IS: if he knew HE HIMSELF had a 1 in 16 chance of dying in that building that year would he A) worked on it DURING DAYLIGHT HOURS to finish it before storm season OR b)risk it AS HE DID by calling the red cross and only working during the night time?....BASICALLY he cared more about his professional career THAN THOUSANDS OF LIVES....this reminds me of Johnson and Johnson after finding out that baby powder killed people and tried to section of the baby powder section of the business as a seperate company so it takes the lawsuits instead of the whole company INSTEAD OF TELLING THE PUBLIC THEIR PRODUCT WAS KILLING PEOPLE.
Could 2 planes destroy that structure? Seems as if 2 planes hitting a building has 100% chance to bring down any building; specifically those gigantic buildings…
Reminds me of two buildings that were destroyed by the supposed hit of two airplanes to each building; interesting how they work on the structure of the Citicorp building reinforcing it; not like the other 2 buildings that were worked on without no one knowing to bring them down…
This video production sucks and the focus on metric system  is screaming anti American bias
For a great video on TMD's, check out the episode about them created by Grady at Practical Engineering.  I use this video when I teach about damped oscillations in my high school physics classes.
Amazing guy; and the fact that he stood up and took responsibility for his work; identified his own miscalculations  - and owned it, so not only was it remedied; but also that people still can benefit and learn from it today speaks volumes.  Politicians take note.
There was an episode of Numb3rs that was a version of this story
They need to thank Diane Hartley
I’m sure I’ve seen this before, but I don’t remember which channel did it.
As someone who works for Citi.. I agree with the title.
Very interesting subject.  That "new" church is ugly.  Looks like it belongs on a beach in northern France, machine-gunning troops during D-Day.
Imagine this happened but someone went back in time and fixed it. His name was L’measure, a name he made up on the spot.
dude went back to the drawing board to do the due diligence. if i was him id be thinking about the new protocol my firm was gunna implement for hiring or training to make sure they were doing their due diligence
That TMD reminds me of one I saw in a Chinese video, similar to a tiktok. Person recorded this colossal steel weight that was constantly swaying, despite the building seemingly still... was nauseating how close that weight would sway to the walking area...
"So what would happen if the wind direction rotates 45 degrees?"  Engineers: 👁👄👁
@22:24:  ‘risk (of death), but decided to not tell the public’.  I always knew being near a skyscraper was dangerous, but people always wanna say you’re a PCT.
Give your life to the Lord. Amen! + Trust in Jesus Christ, not antichrist. + I hope and pray that folks change their view and invite the Lord Jesus Christ into their life to rule and reign. + Satan is referred to as the prince of the power of the air for good reason, he owns the airwaves on planet earth and is the god (little g) of this world. It is my hope and prayer that you choose the God (Big G) of heaven who controls the destiny of your eternal soul. + (Matthew 10:28 > And fear not them which kill the body, but are not able to kill the soul: but rather fear him which is able to destroy both soul and body in hell. + (2 Corinthians 4:3-4 > [3]-But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost: [4]-In whom the god of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them.)  (Romans 10:9-10 > [9]-That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. [10]-For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.)  (Romans 10:13 > For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.)  (Ephesians 2:8-9 > [8]-For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: [9]-Not of works, lest any man should boast.)  (Revelation 3:20 > Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him, and sup with him, and he with me.)  Is Jesus knocking at the door of your heart? Is this your opportunity for eternal salvation? If it is, I hope and pray that you open the door and invite Him, (Jesus), into your heart and life, in Jesus' name. Amen!  All praise and glory be to God. Amen!
Teen titans?
As a real estate developer I knew within the first minute of the video - "The builder asked for changes to save money."  That's always it.
Ok, now explain 9/11
We need more videos like these.
I live an hour from NYC  I don't plan on ever going back. It is unsafe  I will visit philly and Baltimore but never NYC again. It's done
They took a stunning gothic church and made a lego block.  Deconstructionism and brutalism are just an ugly phase in human existence
Architects and engineers are always pushing the limits, i know because i have work with both as a draftsman. You have to be very very careful when you decide to step outside of the box.
Sounds like engineer is at fault. No contractor would make a design change like that from welded to bolted connection without approval and as you stated "he assumed his firm's advice made the correct choice".. thats not how a responsible engineer of record operates. They should review all design changes. If there is no record of this approval not being made then someone owes a boatload of cash.
I'm only 1 and a half minutes into the video, but that new church looks so awful I actually cannot believe that anyone would purposefully build it.
Nature gave the Engineers and the architects to Rectify their mistakes. ❤
That architect has clearly never played Jenga before.
YO 7:54 THE SHIP HAS MY DADS NAME HAWAII AND I WENT TO HAWAII YESTERDAY
I visit NYC every once in a while, live in CT, I've walked under that building before and never knew.  Now, if I end up back there, I have a good story to tell. Thanks
I thoroughly enjoyed this video.
The Damper required power which could be lost in a storm. Why didn't it have a backup generator?
These buildings wear out eventually right?  How do you take down such a large building safely?
Why did the city approve this?! The people responsible for this should have their credentials evaluated
Everyone upset about the church being taken down as if church doesn't breed horrors and lies. Get over it people.
That the professor and channel reflect this as an ethical accomplishment is ridiculous. Civilians tolerate this coverup and the six weeks that they went about executing repairs and hiding it from the workers and nearby 10 city blocks as an accomplishment?? The Citi Group CEO and members of the engineering firm should be in jail. Instead, it's taught as a case study in good ethics, give me a break. They should have immediately informed the workers and prevented people from coming in and fixed it in a week. They avoided a hurricane storm by luck and a public outcry by luck and the channel and seemingly the academic community celebrated it. The only person that should be recognized is the student that triggered the discovery. I just shake my head at this. We shouldn't lie, cheat, steal, or tolerate those who do.
Taipei 101 has biggest best TMD
Someone did this already. You guys just copying each others content?
More respect for coming back and fixing the mistake rather than turning a blind eye and taking the easy way out.
You lost me at little hats.
I don't c why they cldntt just put a load bearing column on the 4 corners ......
You might want to learn how to pronounce his name.
Just dumb.  A poor design, obvious to a competent engineer.  Bells and whistles do not eliminate bending moments.
In part he's not guilty of the mistake, which was the decision by the contractor to use bolts instead of welding.  It was good of him to address the problem even though he would've probably not been liable due to that fact.  On the other hand, it's not a good idea to come up with such innovative designs in certain environments and situations, especially all at once.
good👍
That student had to be male.
It is AMAZING that >1/4" fish plates(what welders call them) fixed bolted joints that were ~7x underrated in a building.. I'm also amazed the paper's praised him.. Although they weren't solely focused on negative news back then.
That church looks like a inside out umbrella
Contractor: We can saves you 0.25$ Million dollars by bolting instead of welding! Repairs for this oversight: 5$ Million dollars.
The twists, the tension, the work involved  I need a movie about this yesterday
Absolutely unbelievable story and integrity. I’ve watched enough Fascinating Horror building collapse episodes to see how shoddy engineers get off and never take accountability.  Makes me grateful to be a New Yorker❤
"If you see something that could be a risk you must do something."  So long as that something isn't alerting the general public so they can choose to stay away from the building while it is being repaired for 6 weeks.  Apparently you're not obligated to do that.
He saved it by voting Blue and stopped  climate change.. so no more winds...😂
Thank God Larry Silverstein didn't own it .....
the error was discovered by Diane Hartley, a PhD student who went to Princeton and who goes frequently unmentioned in this story. LeMessurier delayed to inform anyone of the error.
The fact that there was danger and they hid it from people is reprehensible. They put themselves above those people's right to self determine their risk and safety on what was a life or death matter. These people are elitists. They know more than you, they believe they are over and above you.
That's interesting
im a civil engineering student right now and this situation has been brought up so many times when discussing engineering ethics
They let this thing pass inspection and I have to get a permit to strap my water heater?
That “student” deserves a nice check or incentive
I grew up in NYC. My fascination with skyscrapers started when I was very young because of the World Trade Center. I watched them being built and followed its progress on a daily basis. Construction started in 1968 and took about 2 years to complete, in 1970. I was 5 in 1968, 7 when it was completed. At the time, I had a picture of a model of a completed WTC. I loved staring at that picture (which I still have) and couldn't wait to see it completed. Why? It would be the tallest building on the planet, beating the ESB, which held the title for decades. BTW, I can recall when they were filming a King Kong film back in the 70's. They had an inflated model of Kong (I think it was a balloon), hugging the building. So, I have literally seen King Kong on the ESB. But, I digress.   As I got older, I worked in the city, a block away from WTC. It was a part of my life when I lived in NYC. It broke my heart to see them fall on 9/11. By that time, I moved to the UK.   I also have fond memories of watching the Citicorp rise up to become a part of the skyline. It became my favourite building in the city. The design was set apart and looked futuristic to me. IMO, it instantly became an iconic addition to the skyline. What I love about the NYC skyline is the fact that it's constantly changing from year to year, month to month, day to day. It evolves. It's artificial, man-made and technological. Yet, it is organic at the same time.   I never tire of hearing this story. Excellent doc.    Love the channel!
How in the world were they allowed to destroy that precious gothic church??? Unbelievable. I don't care about the rest of the video.
veritasium videos have gone downhill so far recently :(   What happened to quality?
All this just to facilitate an ugly church design. :D
Great story! Amazing feat of engineering! One of the clearest cases of engineering ethics I've ever seen! So glad that it all turned out well!
It's actually completely nuts to think that if this one dude had a mental break then thousands would have died and it would've been worse than 9/11. Hell it might've even happened if the hurricane winds hit New York because he personally didn't want panic instead of evacuating the building to work more efficiently.  It was basically 2 good coinflips counteracting 2 bad decisions that decided this shouldn't happen.  It's a shame they won't let you film or study the case directly, it seems PRETTY IMPORTANT
This makes me feel a lot better about the mistakes I've made designing circuitry at work.  😅
It’d be cool if Veritasium made a video about the rise of fascism in both 1930’s Germany and 2020’s America. Because a whole lot of people on both sides of the political spectrum watch Veritasium, and fascism is a very real problem that needs to be addressed.
Maybe building 7 had the same problem
Is it Just me? Or this building is one of the ugliest, and soulless buildings ever seen.
Replacing the gothic church with this lol
the contractor suggests doing something cheaper, then the engineer signs off without even looking at it assuming it would be fine...  which is basically what happened a few years later with the Hyatt Regency disaster
Imagine completely destroying that old beautiful church and replacing it with some garbage.  So sad...
This is cool but most importantly can y'all share where Henry got his jacket?
that chart at 7:26 is very cool but it also doesnt do justice for either the citicorp building or world trade center. many of those "above the trendline" buildings shrink as they go up. WTC and Citicorp square all the way up, which hurts this metric
There wouldn't have been a peoblem to begin with if the church had agreed to relocate.
That’s me in a jenga game
Hey, bolts versus welding.... it's been repaired. No need to waste 33 minutes finding out.
As an engineer the lack of public notification is absolutely unacceptable. All the people inside the building didn’t have the chance to choose. Not cool. Building should have been shut down until the problem was rectified. That was poor engineering. He went halfway with regard to self whistleblowing but not full in.
This is really a story about ethics and not engineering mistakes. Glad he did the right thing .Nice video
Why oh why did they have to remove the church..,, l love the juxtaposition between the old and new in a city…. Stupid city planning.,. Getting rid of any old beautiful buildings… sorry spelling errors but u get the point. Engineering stuff is fascinating too.
Trade offer: We get to build our building on your property. You get your old church replaced with big dodecahedron.
I want to talk to the engineer who approved bolting the braces instead of welding them, just to save a buck!  Typical corporate greed: "screw safety if it costs a penny".......
He is a standup guy. I'd hire him.
It seems kind of like common sense, since  there's nothing holding up the corners.
Please be a boring video that i can sleep to😢 im on day 2 of insomnia
HE IS HIM, WHAT A GIGA CHAD
Is this a reupload ?
Very good documentary and story.
How to make money
This building is surrounded by other buildings which are also taking the brunt of any storm. It was not a building standing alone in a high wind.
All because some stupid religion didn't want to move their cash cow.......
Next time you have a problem at your job, think about this. THIS is a real problem lmfao
hello
THERE NEEDS TO BE A MOVIE about this! Some RELATIVELY boring true stories made the producers rich. Then consider the "true" story movies dramatize things, so there could be a love triangle going on in the background, and this would win an Academy Award.
Great video! Three strong book recommendations: Why Buildings Stand Up by Mario Salvadori, Why Buildings Fall Down, by Matthys Levy and Mario Salvadori, and To Engineer Is Human: The Role of Failure in Structural Design, by Henry Petroski. The last of these describes the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse in Kansas City in 1981. Here, too, there was an engineering change made to the original design which led to the ultimate failure. Though in the Hyatt case, the original design was extremely difficult, if not impossible to implement, because it required single rods to be suspended from the ceiling and threaded through holes in the supports of both an upper and a lower walkway. The actual implementation has one set of rods from the ceiling supporting the upper walkway and one set suspending the lower walkway from the upper walkway. Thus, the nuts and washers supporting the upper walkway endured the load of *both* walkways.
old crumbling church? that was a crime to knock that down, it was beautiful
imagine the universe is infinite and there are other worlds near identical to ours. Imagine there's a world where this building did collapse and toppled multiple other buildings. And we're watching an alternate history where that didn't happen. Either because the architect didn't reveal the issue or because the hurricane didn't change course.   People in that world probably wonder what wouldve happened had that disaster been averted. Its rare we get to really see those moments in history where things couldve been drastically different. 9/11 is a perfect example: what wouldve happened had 9/11 not happened. But most other events are sort of black swans where we dont even realize there was a point in time that couldve drastically altered history.  Now I want to see the documentary about how it fell and what happened :s
Not considering quartering winds while making design changes to the building is just negligence.
Theres a building in downtown Columbus Ohio thats built like this.
That poor church for that ugly block
nah but at what point does he say "lemme just go over this again" after the building is already built
I can't believe they ditched that beautiful church for this monstrosity.
Great episode. Thank you.
If we assume a reality in which this building design was a good idea (its not). Why didnt they use the Core design, they would use the cetral block as main core, and the 4 pylons would be cores aswell, all leading trough the whole building lenght.
wait so why the woman almost dropped the baby but then claimed she didnt talk to him? why she was excited at the beginning?
I swear I’ve seen this video before what?
I don't understand how they can possibly "install" a 430 tons block of cheese on top of the tower. How did they get it up there and why isn't the roof collapsing under such weight. What dark sorcery is keeping this block of cheese floating in the air instead of applying pressure on the roof.  According to google, most canadian roofs are designed to hold 12000 lbs (6 tons of snow). And a healthy, concrete roof can hold about 1,200 pounds per square foot.
I’ve been in the weight room…
The animations on this channel are top notch, give so much more to the story, well done!
14:50 the professor says "... is not enough to WRECK havoc. That's a total Eggcorn!! 🤣
Honestly after seeing the disparity between what was referred to as an "Old, crumbling, gothic church", and a "Brand new one", anything else you said went out the window. And since they're quotes from LeMessurier, he can go out it too.
Famous last words before catastrophe: “we can save a lot of money by…”
He really considered killing himself instead of telling people about the danger? And he really admitted that? I guess when you reach his age you have nothing to lose by being honest.
Man designs upside-down obelisk of a building just to flex on physics. Others skip steps assembling the affront to gravity, wind and nature itself. Everyone surprised that the upside-down obelisk wants to fall over. Fin.
Yes, thank you Tuned Mass Dampers for the big skinny peepee building at the top of the park (432 Park).
1:58 crumbling old Gothic church? I'm not even Christian and that ticked me off.
7:58 TND???? 👀👀👀
A student made them aware of the structural problems.
i dont get how bolts make it differ than welds, anyone would explain? :P
That church went from Dark Souls level to Doom 2 faux-polygon. What a waste.
I’m a steamfitter, that’s worked all over Manhattan. I was told, that it was actually a student somewhere, that was working on some kind of project, and reviewed certain aspects of this building…. And realized the mistakes in computations.
Mexican LeMessurier: It is not my fault, it's [someone else] fault.
wait did they replace a gothic church by a minecraft stone block?
The Gothic Church was so beautiful! How could they knock it down?!!
your animated faces are annoying and an outdated fad. Stop adding these creepy faces, wasting time, and instead show actual science.
Why does that church look like a Tesla Cybertruck?
Has ANYONE played Jenga?
Just call it a V or a triangle lol you’re giving away free advertisement 😂
At 19:00, the obvious solution is to not use metric storms.
Hoping this one gets Portuguese Audio Track, want to show it to my 82y old engineer dad
Not a structural engineer however i came to know a thing or 2 about structures in general…
@veritasium you should check out rainier tower in Seattle
Look for "Torre Reforma" They had the same space problem, but they did not touch the old building.
1:51 American degeneracy, destroying a historic church for new headquarters...
Reminds me of the Green Meanie rifle for the British army. People who didn't know what they were doing decided to change the specs for the materials used in the rifle and it came back to bite them in the ass. In the meanwhile, several soldiers were injured as a result. Cheapskates chasing cheapskate solutions. Thank god that in the case of the building, integrity prevailed.
Thanks for the vid. They should have made the designer and his family life in the building. Stupid design, which frankly - who even cares how fancy it looks. Buildings should use known safe engineering. It sounds like this design still has potential flaws.
❓️As this was constructed in 1978 with technology available at the time, do any structural engineers here think this could be avoided today using computer models, etc?
Baited into thinking this was a Hoog video by the thumbnail.
massive respect, takes a lot to risk your entire professional career like that
So who were the idiots who decided to go with bolts over specifically designed welding, and did not consult with the architect?  Why would that action not be a crime or at least professional malfeasance subject to severe penalties?
Some buildings are built on ball rollers for earthquake risky zones as well.
See video: Student Saves Skyscraper
Now thing about software engineering XD
See Diane Hartley Student saves skyscraper
Daaaaang. How much it cost
The YT channel "The Aesthetic City" would have a field day with this.  There are so many videos now on the problems with skyscrapers and the over-use of reinforced steel for construction.  Crumbling infrastructure (e.g. Brooklyn-Queens Expressway) and leaning buildings seem to be only the beginning.  One wonders what will happen when the costs to repair appear to outweigh the apparent benefits?  To think that China (and many others) have fallen into the trap of copying this sort of design and architecture - and for what, for whom?  Who wants to live in a concrete bunker filled jungle anyway?
all because of a church. should had just build elsewhere. now there is cat 5 storms are common and some day it will fall.
What is it with Varitasium and changing the name and thumbnail of every video 😭
“How was your day?” “Awful, at work I realized I forgot to close the garage” “Wow.” “I know, right! Anyways, how was your day?” *”Well, at work I realized I miscalculated the wind force on a skyscraper in the middle of one of the most populated cities that could fall at any minute”*
We missed videos that aren't over complicated. ❤  Complex Match is interesting but not teachble through this type of content
The Oldest House.
This is probably the biggest structural engineering failure that I've ever seen. But at least he didn't hide it.
lol we just went over this in my engineering class 5 days ago
1:40 that is the shittest idea ever, EVER. I'm not Chistian but you cannot tell me that the new one looks better.
Thousands of lives at risk and he doesn't know what to do?  Seriously?  Thousands of lives at risk and they don't want anyone to know?  What a total DISGRACE!  I would be doing repairs immediately 24/7, not sneaking into the building at night trying to cover up my tracks!  Shame on all those who keep it secret!  And that Church looks hideous.  I wouldn't go anywhere near it or this entire structure.
He never spoke to the City to update the code. He stayed silent, and was perfectly okay for another architect to make the same mistake potentially causing loss of life.
They destroyed a Gothic church to build an ugly building and a soulless skyscraper.
Feels like veritasium is becoming vice guide to science
What amazed me is that on a structural building,so design difficult why on earth did no one look at the quarterly wind projections on the building ,when a student whose knowledge is far below the buildings structural engineer s was able to understand the need for this to be çhecked ,it really beggars belief ,then on top of that far less bolts on braces  ie welded  by engineer but bolted in penny pinching exercise ,but on top of that the extremely important damper ,had no back up generator if power went off in high winds forget the braces ,Amen ❤
Let just hope a certain group don't hear about this video
Is anyone else freaked out by the idea that a whole bunch of skyscrapers in quake- and hurricane-prone areas apparently require a constant power supply to not fall over??? Cool cool cool, so that's fine, unless power outages are a thing that tends to happen during quakes and hurricanes.  I guess they all have generators?
"Made in USA" not setting a very good example for itself. I'll stick to imported buildings thanks.
what?  that old church was amazing looking.  that dog food bowl of a crap shack the replaced it with looks horrible???
this is right by my school and a regular hangout spot. freaky
1:35 Love how this dude seems to just uncritically accept the idea that that "old crumbling gothic church" needed to be destroyed.  Lame AF.
I talk about quartering winds with my colleagues constantly. Something people often forget about is that quartering winds might also cause increased forces in the diaphragms, the planar member such as a floor or a roof, by upwards of 50%.
Freedom units dude. It’s America.
This engineer ignored real world variables for laboratory perfect situations.
"So we heard you wanted them welded, to save money we used bolts instead."  "You fools!"
The cut to that replacement church was a borderline jump-scare. Good grief what an abomination.
Le mesurier is a very fitting name as it roughly translates to the measures guy in French
The Netherlands should have kept New York. We would have kept the old church and build the skyscrapers in the sea; fk it we don't care lets just create more land out lf the water.
1:34 In other words: They replaced this beautiful church with a giant bag made out of concrete.
It's wreak havoc, not wreck havoc, dude.
11 minutes to get to the actual story...
Wasn't an architectural student girl who discovered the problem?
Putting lives at risk to keep a serious problem like this hidden so you don't freak anyone out is sociopathic behavior.  Thousands of people unknowingly walking into a building that could collapse at any moment and only the rich and the powerful know about it.  I bet everything the CEO and engineers didn't spend 8 hours x 5 every week in that building. But they felt it was proper to allow other people to do so because "terror is bad".  This story has a happy ending... but you don't play with lives. First thing is security not reputation.  NONE of the employees should have been in that building during the repairs that took 6 weeks. And for those saying "what about their pay? how are they gonna make ends meet?" Yea well what about dead people? how are they gonna make ends meet after they die?  This story isn't about heroism or overcoming problems... is about how much you can get away with before you either succeed or kill everyone in the process.
I absolutely LOVE when my mistakes lead to better solutions/more knowledge. The more mistakes you make the more you learn. It's easy......very easy, to get discouraged when you run into an unexpected error but.....EVERY MISTAKE IS AN OPPORTUNITY! Instead of asking what did I do wrong, it's empirical to ask WHAT IS WRONG? That question will get you exponentially further, that and patience and confidence that YOU ARE SMART! We all are and our greatest barrier is our own perception of that statement. If you constantly tell yourself you can't understand something, you're constantly quitting the act of understanding. Stop and ask yourself instead, do I WANT to understand this. I hope the answer is yes and as long as the answer stays yes, you will know it in a matter of time. Best of luck to you all and may all of your answers fall in your lap lolololol!!!!
Oh god here we go the vsauce route, "expanding" to the point original channel just becomes unrecognizable.
tony s, this  video has yourname all over it. critical  errors happen to even the most  experienced professionals.lets hope u  save your tower
Everyone keeps saying that Lemessurier risked his professional reputation, but he wasn't the one who made the design change, he wasn't the one who approved it, and HE was the one who fixed it.  His original design would have been fine. His reputation shouldn't suffer for someone else's neglectful decisions.
Can't believe this massive issue arose only because those very intelligent architects and engineers, didn't consider the fact that the wind doesn't just blow in four specific directions!! I wonder if the problem would ever have been spotted if that student hadn't called!
And you will seek Me and find Me when you search for Me with all your heart.  Jeremiah 29:13  “For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Son, so that everyone who believes in Him will not perish, but have eternal life.  John 3:16  Repent therefore, and turn back, that your sins may be blotted out. Acts 3:19
People were never meant to live on top of each other like this - not surprised by the consequences.
As long as rent is cheap...
As an engineer you are required to prioritize the health, safety, and welfare of the public. That means not only fixing the structural problem (which he did do - good job) but also removing out of harm's way everyone who would be affected by it during the repairs (which he didn't do - criminally irresponsible). The ethical thing to do would be to evacuate the building, shut it down, and close off the surrounding area until the repairs were finished. Of course that would have kicked up a gigantic hornets nest of epic proportions, but honestly who cares when the alternative is the death of thousands of people if the building collapses during business as usual. You have to assume the worst case scenario will happen and in this case that wouldn't really be a stretch because apparently the building's collapse was eminent if the wind conditions were just right. 24:33 "We had to cook up a load of bull. White lies at this point were entirely moral. You don't need to spread terror in the community to people who don't need to be terrorized." And I say to that, well, which is worse - being terrorized or being dead. It sounds like he was more afraid of the legal and political ramifications of evacuation than protecting the health, safety, and welfare of the public, and thats just unacceptable to me. It worked out well in the end, but it could have just as easily gone the other way.
"A New York skyscraper collapsing? Get real, you business-hating nanny-state alarmist. Nothing like that will ever happen." - NYC city planning guy, 1978
This is late stage capitalism, instead of over engineering the building to ensure safety they cut corners to save money.
Every lie incurs a debt to the truth.  It’s fortunate that LeMessiure didn’t take his secret to the grave or there would have been a mass casualty event at some point.
The best content you've created by a mile. This is an important story, not only for budding structural engineers, but for anyone who deals with structural issues. But it's the ethical and philosophical lessons which extend to us all you should be most proud of communicating to a wider audience.   Too often these stories are ones of tragedy that inform us of mistakes and how we could have avoided or fixed them before massive death and destruction, but nobody listened. It's incredible to learn of one man who examined his work in the face of questions, realized his mistakes and owned up to them while providing a solution that seamlessly fixed what could have been a catastrophic problem. Admittedly, the story could have had a tragic end for thousands in and around the building had it failed, and failing to inform the public might very well have resulted in manslaughter charges if the building fell, but it didn't and hopefully other engineers will be willing to accept responsibility regardless of the personal consequences.
The "crumbling gothic church" is way more magnificent than that eye sore, what were they thinking? Ridiculous.
they were pretty keen in the 60s......nuclear powerstations,cars,the moon
I don't think I would have swapped a church that was a "Gothic Masterpiece" for one that's a modern art abortion.
Didn’t these people watch any 80s movies?? When the old priest refused to give up his church to the greedy banks, they send around goons to beat him up, at which point a plucky teen discovers a way to raise money to save it by winning a breakdancing or karate competition. SMH.
I wonder if they could have done some funny business by rotating it by 45 degrees so that the supports actually ended up in the corners
Only had to watch 2 minutes before I realized we don’t need religion anymore 😂
Kind of ironic for an engineer with a name pronounced like “Le Measure” 😭
21:53 so why did the twin towers just collapse straight down.......
He deserved that praise because he ultimately decided to the the right thing, own it up and fix it before disaster. The student asking stirring up the thought, having access to Citicorp and AT&T chairmen, and the hurricane ultimately not hitting New York that year, was basically the universe aligning and throwing him a bone.
Real life Jenga building!
A female student discovered this flaw. You literally remade someone else’s video and got the facts wrong. 😂
Repost?
I just can't get over the fact that he didn't do all that research and work like the wind tunnel and everything before he broke ground... The ego
The previous church was much more beautiful.
1:36 "Old crumbling Gothic church" my ass. That was a masterpiece.
so the 4 millions was just the spare money for a skyscraper that city allowed in the first place. What would have happened if the city didn't allow for all those money? Obviously they would still have done it for the safety of the building, but it would have been a totally different outcome for LeMessurier I guess.
I'm sorry. That was a bad mistake.
I don't like that the problem was hidden. They probably could have done the welding much faster. Maybe if the storm hadn't luckly drifted away that might have ended in an insanely destroyed city with many deaths?
Imagine you have to go to school to realize your regarded
5:19 why does the Left column pull down and the Rught column push up?
That church should've been left as it was, just kept on renovated... but I guess they didn't liked European style.
The Church looked way better before reconstruction.
I am a researcher and physician. I have learned any time I think I have a clever idea/solution: I am looking for trouble.
The biggest disaster here is the historic piece of American heritage being bulldozed for a brutalist spiritually void block
But did they consider winds that come from North, West and up?
6:49 MASSIVE 🗣️
"Oh... Crap."  ~LeMessurier, definitely.
Irrelevant informercials during this video....& Plus the use of metric system ...... ANNOYING!
Eh good ol New Liberal...
What are the chances of the media starting a strike for months minutes before calling them back, in combination with the storm switching course? Sounds like some prayers were answered. Thank God the building still stands and everything could be repaired without a mass panic.
It is astonishing how fast Walter Wriston, the chairmam.of Citicorp just got things running to fix the issue. 20:38
The saint peters church got a massive downgrade
Man the stilts idea was the original design flaw, obviously.  Would have been totally fine with 3 corners/sides.
Could they have used some type of binding plates that would allow a bit of movement? EDIT: Always finish the video before commenting! LOL
As a welder myself I enjoy doing re work 😂
I don't get why so many people are concerned about the old church building, i mean for people who care about churches the important part of a church is the people, and for people who car about architecture, if people wanted that style of architecture, we still have the knowledge to build like that if we want to, it's not like some lost art we can't do anymore
That's a nice fcking jacket. Where did you buy it? Seriously...
We need a lot more engineers and architects like him. That's what you call integrity
Regardless of the bolts being used instead of welding, I feel like he was worried/felt uneasy about this design from the very beginning, which is why he felt compelled to listen to people‘s concerns regarding the design rather than dismissing them because he was sure of his work. Bravo to him for listening to that gut feeling. It helped uncover what could’ve been a major tragedy while in the process, finding out innovative ways of building new structures. I would say, God was on his side and all those around the building
Wasn't that the one where the issue was discovered by engineering students in a university?
Im sorry but it feels like tempting fate to build this, you probably don't even need an airplane to take this down
Physically gagged at the new "church". Modern architecture is so bland and uninspired "oooh look we have angles on top of blocks" actually makes for a most unremarkable and easy to forget design. Humanity has forsaken beauty and craftsmanship for... what, exactly?
@2:15 One corner would've been enough, but no, they decided to go with four for the lulz.   Ever since 9/11, I'm sure the world of structural engineering no longer dares to take negligence for granted. Even our current world's tallest architectures aren't immune from potential oversights.
Incredible story of accountability and leadership
U know what else is massive… 6:49
I work on software in Education. If I get a message saying a school/client can't get student reports and the parent's and MoE expect them tomorrow, I have an existential crisis.  I can't imagine anyone working on something that can result in death on failure. Hat's off to all the real 'engineers'
Shoutout to Well There's Your Problem podcast for covering Project SERENE during their WTC episode a couple years back. Surprisingly funny episide tbh.
"white lies, at this point are entirely moral.  You don't want to spread terror in the community, to people that don't need to be terrorized".   Not his decision to make,  I find the secrecy of all of this to be one of the worst parts of it.   People absolutely have the right to know when a building might be at risk of falling on top of them, regardless how you think they might react.  Many people would have been very justified in wanting to move because a building wasn't put together correctly in the middle of downtown New York.   But then again, the 70s was absolutely filled to the brim with people who would endanger others to save themselves.   When you discover such a massive problem as this, you accept that your career has been destroyed, and you keep potentially thousands of people above the ground.  I actually find this dude to be a pretty gross human being.   I'm from New Orleans, and the Levees during Katrina were undermaintained and under built,  for years my parents joked that the Levees wouldn't do what they were supposed to and everyone knew it.   This dude did everything he could to fix his mistake without catching heat, including having crews go in and fix individual struts without telling people,  so idk who tf thinks he was owning up to his mistakes, but LeMessurier definitely was forced to own them, he didn't choose to.     His first choice was to run from it,  and lie to people, he needed to own up immediately.  But it stayed a secret for two decades, and this dude is heralded as a paragon of honesty lol.
More dangerous than WTC7?
Bro's wearing Momotaros 👊🏼
All this studying and engineering & calculating & then the small scale mock experiment says 60% more. Even that isn't a real representation. But safety first. So we are basically with unusual building technology where we are with medicine. We have to test in small versions. Mice or wind channels. Screw the numbers
his name is not Bill, his name is william.
Moral of the story never trust a architect 😂
I'm sad that the beautiful church was replaced by what it is now. We lose the architectural history that made NY. But because of this building we now have better ways to erect more buildings and do it safely. Let's give engineers more credit for their unseen work. And this is the kind of content we need more of online. This is informational, educational, and entertaining. Glad this is high on the trending list.
This guy in his rust-red jacket telling people something with his hands and feet is simply ridiculous with his posturing. Why can't he just say what he has to say without gesticulating wildly with his arms?
Reminds me of stories I heard in architecture school in the 90’s about the structural problems of the John Hancock building in Chicago.
LeMessurier didn't properly measure
< So, it's probably the first time in history that an engineer has come to an architect and said, "Let's make our job harder for us!" >  Most definitely the first and I guess the only 😅
Shame you weren't even allowed in, let alone talk, they could have had 17 million more supporters of their company, all for free.
I loved learning about this as a kid when it appeared on Nova; I love revisiting this topic
The building is now known as Citigroup Center, not Citicorp Center.
There are so many companies and professionals. That would have distanced themselves from the project and made it the responsibility of the "next guy" It is very refreshing to hear someone take ownership of a mistake and implement solutions quickly without trying to pass the buck.  This so easily could have been a very different and tragic story.  100% top guy honest, talented and very brave.
And some may wonder why citizens may not trust the powers that be.  You have a building that has 100% chance of toppling over due to high winds and they decide to do the repairs in secret - risking the lives of thousands.  You made a mistake - Be Transparent and let people decide their own safety.
amerikans are like talibans they are aslo destroying history and culture
we learned about this case in my engineering ethics class lolll
You arrogant POS!!!! Trying to say that lying to thousands of people to appease YOUR ego and mistakes is horrible!!!!
26:05 this was a strooong sto-
why are there so many idiots wasting their money on this youtuber by donating to them
Really enjoyed this, thank you!
Searching through the As-Builts: The Movie!
For another interesting (and monumentally safe) building, guys, try the Halifax Building Society building in Halifax, Yorkshire, UK. Ian Nairn, quite frankly, adored the structure.
i always thought he made a mistake but then he didn't. It was his team that was incompetent and made a dumb decision. 27:35 like there it wasnt "his" mistake he should be getting soooo much cred for fixing someone elses mistake and taking all the responsibility
The hardest thing to do is to admit to your own mistake
Hey @veritasium the description at 20:07 is really unexpected, maybe you guy should've lead with a cn. Good work tho!
The cattle call
An engineering ethics course should include the case of the Union Carbide plant in India.  Bussiness ethics at its best...
For god sake just build somewhere else 😂
2:00 so instead of cutting off like one edge and making it a square with one flat side (which would look kinda neat) ... you turned it into a popsicle?
This whole debacle started because of stubborn religious people. The church people could have been more lenient with building designs.
What an awesome video.  Was anyone else confused by the “compression” blue arrows pointing outward and the “tension” red arrows pointing in??😅
I also saw that reel going around last week where the guy explained this in 2 minutes
Yes - Going For The One
Woah I never knew that numb3rs episode was based on a true story
Who else learnt about his during their civil / structural engineering degree??
All that effort instead of just rotating the building 45 degrees?
looks like an amazing building
all of this just so the church look like a block in minecraft
This building style isn't necessarily weak, the builder was just a cheap bastard.
i don't need an engineering degree i just need two games of Jenga to see how absolutely fucked the original building was
Mob farms are getting ridiculous.
Moral of the story: Stop making weird designs.
That ingeneer got lucky... I'm not sure that get a bet on human's life is such a good idea. Always the same story : our profit (keep people in the tower) is more important than human lives...
1:37 they did what?!
I'm no architect or anything resembling that. Hell I barely have a high school education with only a technical education as an administrative assistant but just looking at that thing and even I could tell that building was gonna be a problem and honestly, I would hate to have to work anywhere near that thing. Even today after all those "repairs". 😅
Totally moronic. 150%
One fart and its gone
Schade das in America die  uralte Architektur immer wieder vernichtet wird. Das ist verbrechen! Warum, was soll hier  verheimlicht werden?
Who would have thought that building a skyscraper on a TV tray would be a bad idea.
Good thing this didn't become a sad story of "someone noticed but nobody listened".
I was briefly an engineering student. This case and the Hyatt Regency collapse were seared into my brain.
Yey he is back
Yet another example of why topics like ethics and history, often deemed as useless or overly theoretical, are very important - even for engineers.
He was wrong not to inform the public. There could have been an incident. LeMessurier shouldn’t have been the one deciding the fate of thousands of people. It was selfish of both CityCorp and LeMessurier to withhold critical information they knew might save lives.
Translate what 100 km/h is in mph. Why couldn't you bother in narration.
I wanted to just say I was just scrolling to find something to watch and came across this video and I dont know anything about architecture but I couldn't turn away idk why, but it was fascinating and I know learned something today and that always makes me feel good. I just wanted to let someone know that I really enjoyed the video abd appreciated all the work that went into making it, thanks.
Thanks for highlighting the church or I would have mistaken it for a chunk of alien robot from planet tasteless.
9:34 You used Practical Engineering's demo while quoting Mark Rober..well done 👍
Im so glad I work in construction (I buy things), this is such an interesting industry.
Damn, that producer has a nice face to look at
Ah, yes. Saving costs with no regard to the original design. Classic.
TS 1:44 the old church was amazing looking. The new church is granite Walmart looking.
the cartoon drawing of the dude is weird
The most unbelievable part of this is the contractors cleaning up after themselves
Very clever how you fit your sponsor in the video!
lovely
Who approved this horrible building design.
This is weird. Why is this video so high viewed and discussed after a day? Odd.
7:39 at that point I immediately thought this video must be about a mass dampener at the top, like other modern buildings
Once i realized this was about aa church debate it became really boring
5:58 It's so fkkn interesting how this stuff all works together.
I don’t know about the building but having LeMessurier as a surname and being an architect is definitely a win lol
Lemessurier had horrible taste. Really really horrible taste. That church was absolutely stunning.
Who knew that a building with a thin bottom would be able to fall easily under high speed winds?  I feel like this would be basic logic.
It looks fine
What an incredible man 😊 oh and what a gift that newspaper strike was😂😂
A team of workers meddling with structural parts of an active skyscraper for months without word getting out... I guess we can't blame those 9/11 truthers for thinking that's plausible after all 🤔 (no I don't believe any of that but it does get a little harder to dismiss out of hand)
is it s joke? 1:38 beautiful cafedral was demolished for that ugly bunker? and you had a decency word it as "old crumbling gothic style for a brand new one? "
Why would someone looking at a drawing where one corner has to be left out, decide to remove ALL four corners instead of just trying to make it 'better looking' with three corners intact?? Does not make sense; looks dangerous and if needed to be made structurally sound due to freak incident looks like it would be expensive to remedy???
It is refreshing to see excellence being praised. Even excellence that makes a mistake and then marshals the resources to correct the mistake. Too often, of late, excellence is derided, mistakes downplayed and ignored. Thank you.
One of my first thoughts for some reason was like, did they let the President know?
27:25 I cried
The first crime here was to allow to destroy that beautiful gothic church and replace it with that horrible building
What kind of Engineer would not know that?
Amazing story, totally kept my interest.  May LeMessurier rest in peace.
I walk by thsi building a lot and i didnt even know there was a church there...because it looks...like that
That part about how the teams quietly fixed the building after everyone left for the day could never work today. Citi Network ops would immediately notice all the disconnected endpoints the instant it happened.  Be fun to be a fly on the wall when they saw it, though.
It's a building in Manhattan, why are you using kilometers??
Ppl need to admit engineering flaws once aware? 🤷‍♀️👀
Another church comment... this could have been built as early as 1798 or as late as 1910. My guess would be 1800s I say this because I cannot find this Photograph anywhere on the net. Anywho, this church is structurally solid and made in a way that we literally CAN NOT reproduce today.   For someone to tear down a historical monument with such architectural beauty is beyond my comprehension. Unless there's an ulterior motive
29:10 ... that is some WILD hubris, smh. Thankfully there was a MALE student the "experts" were willing to listen to.
so unfortunate they got rid of such a beautiful church and replaced it with quite possibly the ugliest exterior of a church I've ever seen
Just cos someone has an idea, doesn't mean it is a GOOD idea.
Another fascinating building for a doc on would be 33 Thomas St in lower Manhattan - but the secrecy issue may make that nearly impossible.
Not surprising that people cut corners to save money. It's called capitalism.
I attended the University of Minnesota Duluth. While I was there, I learned that the civil engineering building wasn't structurally sound 😅 It was under construction the years I studied there.
Money paid to some by few to affect many.  Pride, greed, deceit, In the end we all fail!
The city knew before the article... why wait for the article to update the code to require quarter wind calculations?
This is a first class documentary, not just another YouTube clip. Very interesting!
Hugh Stubbings, the architect, actually also designed the Berlin congress hall. It was built in 1953 and collapsed in 1980.
>tfw when you realize your MASSIVE Skyscraper built on a single stilt isn't safe
less than two minutes into the video and I am already upset they replaced such a beautiful building with a gray square. bummer
Bihar engineers giving side eye 😂
The old church was beautiful. Gothic architecture is way more beautiful and difficult to do than that brutalist dystopian trash.
5:19 americans find out that diagonals in walls are a good idea.
please dub in hindi 👍👍
la Mesoirx great name for architect
you do not hate architects and engineers enough. you also do not hate city planners enough.
When Progressive liberals still had some common sense about the social status around them.  Now, the community would totally be in the black.
Like AI, too much reliance on technology
I wouldn't be surprised if DJT father was involved!
1:46 Neelix ass voice
Couple things, Horrible choice with the church, those old gothic churchs are so amazing, shame it got taken down, #2 i love stuff like this, so interesting
I have no clue how I got here but I’m not mad about it. Very interesting
This is the building in Suits
There should be a movie about this
I was under the impression that a Grad Student originally discovered the flaw.
I think I'd take a 45° rotated skyscraper thank you. 😅
😢😢😢
That “church” is satanic as all get out
32:25 Good ethics? After the fix, he kept this vital safety information for himself for 17 years. This not a hero, this a reckless, selfish moron.
Now apply this to the great pyramid chevron
All these years seeing that building in the skyline, I’ve never imagined the bottom to look like that. Impressive
So that student who came out and claimed he spoke to LeMessurier, all about the Citicorp building, also said he did not discuss the quartering winds issue. Diane really was the hero ig?
Going for my masters in structural engineering here, this video made goes to show how far structural analysis has come in order to make sound designs.  I could only imagine how many hand calcs were done to determine the design for this building.  I've worked with conceptual 3 column x 5 story 2-D frames doing FEM by hand and they are extremely mundane and easy to make mistakes on but easy to check with coding or FEM software.  So, this must've been painstaking having to go back through all of those calcs to determine the tension and compression of those members and then find out that the existing design of the highrise you put so much work into was actually inadequate.   Looking back at it, today we have it soooo easy.
Bill didn’t make the discovery. Disliked video immediately.
CItycorp Building also moved from unrestrained expansion of steel structure heating up in the sun during the day, causing the sunny side side to "grow" creating an unsettling tilt at the top floors. This was also addressed with additional bracing. (relayed by civil engineering prof who worked on the project)
The laughter at the accidental media blackout preventing the public knowing of the reckless endangerment they were being subjected to while a few men kept this secret to themselves, suggests this is a not a man worth deifying. This could be a documentary about how comfortable America is with corporate murder.
So the church willingly parted with that gothic marvel for an oversized trashcan? Why do i feel like somethings missing here
It boggles my mind to think they didn't calculate diagonal wind. It seems obvious to consider what's going on in between two pillars rather than on a singular one
Church standing on a way of construction?  Hahaha. Are we in Iran? This is america let prists go someplays else
Modern architects look at marvels of past design like that gothic church and all they can figure out to replace it is "CUBE".
So sad, that Church was gorgeous, but NYC had to do the same to many similar buildings to establish the grid.
The Francis Scott Key bridge collapse goes to show you how easily infrastructure can fail.
There's some people who have hold a lot of power that needs to hear the last minute of this video.....
So from 1978 to 1995 he didn't tell the World how to make safer buildings.... Pure Murican Hypocrisy, Idiocracy, Recklessness and Selfishness.  In Europe he would be held responsible for his silence!
What an idiot
The church is hideous. I pass it a lot. I thought it was a subway entrance
It’s on purpose and when it does collapse it’s going to be a hoax about terrorist attack
LeMessurier seems like a nice a nice fella but that building is full of unnecessary problems with admittedly clever solutions and is a crime scene. Destroying that church was not cool. Why not move it to the appropriate part of the plot. Now that would have been a lot more impressive than making a building weak and wobbly on purpose
The woman phd student performed the calculations that identified the risk of collapse
But learning from and correcting mistakes are extremely important.
Terrible engineering.
This is only an inspiring story because the building didn't fall. They could have killed thousands of people, and they didn't tell anyone about the danger. Quite literally covered it up and lied to the public. More reasons not to trust what companies or the media tell you.
This would make an incredible movie. The fun engineering to make it work, the "oh crap, we need to fix this", the storm that would have knocked the building down really heading toward the city as a climax, and then finishing the fix and laying out the legacy.
The student's name was actually Craig Wright.
I have no clue why I just watched this.. but it was good.
4:32 driven by hopes and prayers
God help us
It's always the contractor...
Bill LeMessurier was my structure’s professor in 1988.  Heard this story first hand from him.
*it clearly says LeMessurier* voice-over: Le Measure
Was St Peters the one that Staypuft stepped on?
Hold on Before I start, wasn't there a female engineering student who brought her work to LeMessurier because she thought that the building was unsafe first?   Really hope that, if I'm remembering right, she gets brought up in this story as well.
It’s interesting that the first building to use an active mechanical system to help with structural loads was also kinda janky. Talk about over-engineered. 1 in 16 chance of 110kph winds for 5 minutes and no power to the tuned mass damper and thousands of people die. I can’t even imagine what was going through LeMessurier’s head. Good on him for acting.
I have walked past and under this building countless times in NYC...I always wondered about the crazy design and thought it was a waste if usable space...now I understand why, lol.
😂😂😂First of all he didn't find mistake his student did and warned him after he stayed silent for some time because of his mistake hurricane season came and he had to patch his mistake. I don't know why everyone makes him hero when he is the one who made fatal obvious mistake.
18:04 in typical civil engineering fashion, assume everything is always and wil always be static. As a mechanical engineer this really makes me crack up at civil engineering.
Ugliest church
Wooow me dolió, y quiero un documental y una maldita serie de esta cosa, es maravillosa
why is this building so popular lately, ive seen 3 videos on it last couple months
Old news, new clowns re-telling the story.
Are vertical winds negligible in this case?
5 million views in a day? damn
“Old crumbling church” go to hell Veritasium go to hell…
Ugliest church I've ever seen. Why would anyone agree to that design
I am happy as an Engineer myself that he came out and admitted that a mistake had been made and worked with the client to fix the problem. That is actually what you are suppose to do as its a part of the Civil Engineering Ethics that we agree to abide by. It would be much more costly if the building failed and he said nothing because if the building did fall, it would cost a lot more than money but people's lives would have been lost. Coming out about it to your client was the right thing to do.
Kto oglądał to u Wiliextreme?
What an arrogant man. An apprentise carpenter could see that his design is trash.
They had it coming for destroying a beautiful gothic church, and replace it with that awful bulk souless building.🤣
Don’t sell it to Larry Silverstein
Replacing gothic church with that abomination was worst thing ever. It pisses me off
Citicorp sounds like something from a dystopian sci fi.
Holy moly!
10:46 the newspaper article says it was the 8th tallest building in the world but Dereck says it was the 11th tallest 31:46 The article says it was the 9th tallest upon completion  This is why you don't believe everything you read online.
The big question:  Has that building seen 110+ km/hr winds since?…
It is a eyesore but structurely well designed to withstand hurricanes probably. But NYC rarely gets hurricanes.
110km/h max?  climate change will cause 200km/h....
You're a US channel, posting content about the US, on a US hosted website. I understand the personal choice to use whatever units of measurement you want, but you're not teaching people anything by forcing them to look up conversions to the metric units you use. Please just put the conversions on screen so people don't have to pause and look them up.
Someone needs to make a movie about this.
Fella named LeMeasure somehow messed up his measurements
Student ❌ Time traveller ✅
I wonder what kind of people would want to build an ugly unstable skyscraper for their bank directly above a church, and also want to replace the gothic church architecture with a brutalist monstrosity?
Engineering math tells you that 1+1 = 3 or 4 in some instances. For the citicorp seems like the engineered eyeballed it, and then said 1+1 = 1.75 and called it a day. lmao.
In another universe 911 didnt happen but this building collapsed
I'm a little confused about one, unimportant detail:  How do these diagonal beams allow for windows?
Gotta love Japan for taking anything so seriously! They were the ones who accepted Edwards Deming’s “Total Quality” car manufacturing system that the American Big Three turned down and look at the Japanese automotive industry now! Champs.
Here are some more tidbits:  We need to find out the rental or renting agencies that are associated with these people on this planet? That is why I think they all can move out and others can't in a large number to do what they are doing to me right now. So similar to the call centers everyone go find out who these agencies are and then get rid of them of good. If you need to have students go around and find out what is the name of the renting facility and collect names and numbers then get rid of them.    Another thing we all need to do is collect as much information and each phone and let people develop a spreadsheet or whatever then start selling phones....even go an replace them in the box and take the other ones to similar to walkie talkies and tell everyone those are the real ones to force them out into circulation.   Another thing we need to do is check under floor of some stores to find a crack and open it. Any type of medication or anything....add to those handhelds to find inventory they all hiding. They are hiding it for a reason.   If you can get a loan for anything you do not have to pay it back, so the act of writing the check from donations or numbers you can cash a check. What else needs to be done is be allowed to cash an old check at any date. CREATE legislation to cash a check at any date so even if it is very old....go cash it.    Here is another one to ask.....  Did you all write only particular people's contracts in a particular fashion so that they don't have resources to go up there?
Hmm I just saw another video of this a couple of days ago. How coincidental
they really replaced a beautiful example of God's house with a box
This would have been such an interesting video but for these ridiculous, and non-existent kilometers!
This is a massive cover up that is the bigger story
Are you able to see the great block of cheese if you were to go into the building and ask?
it they'd just rotated the building by 45 degrees they could have put the supports i the corners like a regular building and still straddled the site of the  church
Veriasium is slipping. This is the fourth notification of a video where I've seen it all before. Veritasium used to blow my mind. Now it just blows. What happened?
He was informed of this problem by a women and he did not discover it himself.
Should of left the old church  , it was beautiful  !
1:37 This made me cringe so hard. They replaced a beautiful peace of architecture with a crappy block of concrete which doesn't even look like a church.
This is what i hate about engineering. There are always unforeseen consequences that may cause tons of troubles.
"OLD CRUMBLING GOTHIC CHURCH" Hahah only in america
the "old crumbling gothic church" looks like would been better repaired, rather than replaced with some combine-like structure.
This is less an example of engineering heroism and more of an example of how a small group of wealthy, powerful, connected people endangered the public and kept it a secret for over a decade, desperately trying to skirt personal negative consequences.  You know like oligarchs do.  The fact that praising this as an example of high engineering ethics is insane, this is minimum expected behavior as  far as I'm concerned.
LeMessurier bears zero responsibility for the mistake, but 100% credit for fixing it before it resulted in catastrophe.  As the primary structural engineer that change to the construction of the building should never have happened without his involvement.
Now you NEED to do a video on NIST's new F4 fountain clock!
Why are you talking about the winds it could withstand in mph but when you start talking about the hurricane you refer to the wind speed in kph. Just annoying honestly, let’s stick to mph or kph pick one! Being that it’s NYC, I think mph would be appropriate.
Boring.
Religion strikes again?
I like your videos because of you, i hope you dont bring in too many new people to narrate.
I will never understand why people would do something this risky just for the fun of it.
you should add audio in other languages, my dad would enjoy your videos
You KNOW someone got a big bonus for saving that half million by switching from welds to bolts
they replaced that beautiful church with an ugly brick
The people are the Church not the Building 😮😮
Those last words from LeMessurier in this video is exactly what every single professional with an actual license and a university degree needs to hear and remind themselves everyday of their lives. Ethics and doing the right thing should be on top on their list. Is your responsabilty to do the right thing
Tower of. Babble😮😮😮
honestly, he's a hero for owning up to his errors and not leaving it uncovered
@16:23 no safety margin whatsoever? Seems odd.
The real crime here was the replacement of that beautiful church with that awful concrete wedge
Didn’t his student mention this to him!?
Stupid on the cheep looks good on paper not good when reality kicks in😂😮😮😮
I bet the architect always goes for the side pieces when he plays Jenga
The question should not be who built it, but rather which city officials okayed it?
As a structural engineer I remember at my initial days of my carrier I was designing beams for a reinforced concrete building, In which I had missed taking the load of the planter and had designed the beams ready to send out the drawings, 2 or 3 days after I got a dream thinking about a the calculation and it seems something was off, the next day I rechecked the design and found out the mistake and later rectified and double check the whole design, the feeling of a wrong design was so overwhelming that to the structure was not executed on site, I cannot imagine the feeling LeMessurier had gone through.
OFM, 5 million views in 1 day 💀
SUITS
*Creates Problem* "AHA YOU ALL ARE DUMB, I HAVE FOUND A PROBLEM NOBODY KNEW ABOUT!"
The first thing that came to mind for me about this building's structural integrity was cornering winds, just based solely on the position of the stilts it stands upon, without knowing else about it's internal structure. It just seems so obvious to me, and is honestly baffling none of the engineers took it into account.
Pfft. This is why I don’t trust so called “experts”. Be they engineers, scientists, researchers, medical types, legacy media, government officials or professional organizations including public health. They lie. They cheat. They steal. COVID confirmed this, as did the media cover ups of various scandals during 2021-2024 and the inventions of other scandals during that same time period as well as of 2017-2020. Total malarkey that all these folx endangered so many thousands without repercussion. I’ll bet the president of Citicorp was nowhere near that building at any point. WAKE UP PEOPLE!  THIS IS NOT OK!
That replacement church is a monstrosity
Thank God for the student asking those questions to him.
All this because people didn't want to weld.
If this was built in China, the CCP would have just let it fall.
The old church looks a lot bigger than the new one Was that part of the agreement?
"Factor of Safety" : How designs fail
that new church looks disgusting
This could be a movie
i remember walking past here with my family and my little sister was terrified while looking at it
It's ridiculous they decided to use bolts instead of welds without consulting the guy who planned the building to be welded together, and not bolted.
Is this the Suits Building?
1:50 so, the skyscraper holds on God's will and prays
The reason they allowed this was $$$
You could say it's the "cornerstone" of architectural bungles
"they didn't want to cause a mass panic" is a very cute way to rephrase that they played roulette with the lives of dozens of thousands of people because they didn't want to close down the building for a few weeks to finish the repairs on time, because that would've meant losing on rent payments.
He asked them to weld it, how in God's name did you use bolts without even adjusting this?
110 Kilometers per hour is about 68 Freedom Miles Per Hour for all the people who only know the communist unit of measurement haha
Just because someone thought of bolts smh
Excellently Done
That church is frackin ugly how can you build things like that . . . It looks frackin crap for a church
I really love that this had a good ending. Besides the coverups of course. It sucks we don't give companies and individuals the chance to admit to, and correct, their mistakes openly. It just perpetuates the myth that perfect, correct, and successful are the norm.
What an incredible story
Only an engineer can build a building on stilts not on the corners, and wait until after it’s built to even consider the possibility of diagonal winds, the most obvious thing about the build. Lord, I hate engineers.
Its so stupid to not go over the calculations with the cornor winds. Its logically the most weak side in this design.
1:42 what in the tesla cyber truck is that
Why had the church to be free 2/3 towards the sky? Is it an antenna? Do they need the air to reach god?
Timely considering all the global building failures we are seeing  with professions running for the airports with  packed suitcases!
I worked in that building for a few years in the late 90s, on the 29th floor. When it was windy, the whole building would creak, though I never perceived any movement from where I was. It was a cool place to work. Another oddity of the building was the double-decker elevators, which is a topic worthy of its own video. They were weird for sure. As to the church, the "new" St. Peter's is a beautiful modern structure, with a bright, soaring sanctuary space. The church is as iconic as the office tower, and they make a wonderful "odd couple" on Lexington Avenue.
that's not how you pronounce Van Dyck.
why get rid of such a pretty church for a gray block
Going into this video blind I assume it has something to do with the rotational force of....oh.   Oh.
Contemporary architecture is complete dogshit.
Now that the secret has been revealed…  Is the CitiCorp Tower, still structurally safe up to this day
Whats the difference between architects and doctors? Doctors usually kill in ones.
Discusting how that piece of history was demolished for that new age crappy building!
They replaced that church with a freaking McDonald’s happy meal box 😭
I'm surprised Hollywood hasn't made a film about it
It's a testament to our nation's obsession with profit that the building wasn't immediately evacuated when LeMessurier realized his mistake. All his talk about not wanting to cause a panic sounds like cope, and patronizing to the people in actual danger. Citibank wanted to keep making money, I'm sure LeMessurier wanted to fix the problem before he risked being sued; meanwhile thousands of workers were in danger.
Aaron Sorkin would make an awesome movie out off this story
Why is bro allways looking stoned out of his mind
God has the backs of good people. That hurricane turned just in time!
They replaced a beautiful old church with Doom 2016 architecture 😂😂
Earned my subscription.
Saw an youtube short over this building on some other channel, and here we are! an entire video on same topic.
Yeah they destroyed the work of art of gods. And put in a piece of crap which is also ready to collapse. Unless it gets an extensive engineering repairs
Im no engineer but its like putting a elephant on a set of matchsticks 😢😢
gosh this is poor use of AI
It appears everything was carefully considered, although, when you talk about the bolts, there is no mention of the grade or diameter.......just "bolts". Is there only one type of bolt used in skyscraper construction?🔩
Great engineer and human who cared for all, thinking beyond personal gains qnd success.. ❤
22:57 those are power lines, not telephone lines
Well, props to LeMessurier for working through everything and having the courage to tell people there was a problem.  Props also to the student!
Amazing, I wonder what alternate timeline would have occurred if any of the other scenarios played out. For example if the storm did hit before the repairs were completed or the mistake was not caught. How this story would be told would be very different
The good old days when you can make repairs quietly.
shitty video.... Please put more effort into making each episode! My time is not free.
If I recall, and I don't think this doc touches on it, although does show it visually at 25:52, there were several eye witness reports made by the public who noticed the welding flashes during the nights over the repair period. I believe some were reported to the police.
30:43 Dear Lee DeCarolis, why couldnt you tell that guy that it was you when he was alive??!!! 🤧
Based on the construction images I've found of the steel frame, it looks like they did remove the columns at the top of the chevrons, but not those at the mid-point of the chevrons as pointed out at 04:06. Structural framing diagrams also don't appear to show that column removed.
Crazy when they try to save 250K only to cost millions in repairs later.
Refused to let us film inside the building. This is where “don’t ask for permission, ask for forgiveness” comes into play. If there’s nothing proactively preventing you from filming, just assume you’re good until you’re asked to stop. And then, at least you have SOMETHING. Apologize, and then leave with your little footage. It’s more than what you have if you ask for permission
Love this video. During my working life I was an electrical product design authority and regular FMEA based product safety audits were conducted on not only new developments but also existing product lines. The documented findings were also audited by external assessors. Any potential issues were always fully addressed.  This guy made all the right moves and did it right.  Many of the issues were not of his making, but he analysed the problem, spoke up and took responsibility for resolving a major issue, hats off to him 👏👏 Imagine as a lecturer he was spellbinding.
This is why I skipped architecture school, discounted civil engineering, and instead became a bum, fishing on the banks of the Delaware..
Not telling people the building they work in could collapse is criminal. You sort of over look that in this homage to 'science'. What if it was your family or someone you loved? Real messed up perspective here imo. It's actually pretty morally disgusting how you try to justify this narcissistic engineers coverup.
18:50 That’s 68.35 mph
I can't stand Religion period, but building a Church without its steeple feels wrong.
so dumb religious people caused this
I really can't watch videos where you are the main face of the channel anymore... I miss those old days...
They could have initially just built the tower at a 45 degree angle so that the stilts could be at the corners.
The Bayer advertisement prior to the shilling: isn’t BAYER still paying out hush money for pesticides, HIV contamination, genetic modification? This seems extremely ironic juxtaposed to the substance of this channel. But hey… I guess that’s how propaganda works.
so they didn't want mass panic, say like building-falling amounts of panic? :"D ....
Utterly disgusting.. Destroyed an old world Marvel and replaced it with a rock. And the way the narrator was so dismissive.. Shame on this channel, that Person, The Priest and all involved.
I was in the Citicorp building in 1981 as part of a group from Lloyd’s of London. (The bank administered Lloyd’s US Dollar insurance trust accounts.) We we’re  enjoying a nice meal in one of the restaurants when the subject of the construction was brought up. (Lloyd’s had been involved in some of the construction insurance.) Without going into all the details, it was obvious things could have become very ‘serious’ if certain repair work hadn’t been completed urgently. The chap I was talking to also mentioned how the stylish sloping roof was causing problems as sheets of ice were forming in the winter and plummeting to the ground. If I recall correctly the idea was to have solar panels to generate electricity and in the end they had to install heaters to limit any buildup of snow and ice.
Kudos for speaking up and saving the city from a major disaster!
A New Theory of Space Expansion, Black Holes, and Gravitational Lensing  I propose a new understanding of the universe where black holes are not only consuming matter but also actively ejecting space itself. This fundamental process explains many major cosmic phenomena without the need for dark matter or dark energy.  1. Atoms and the Nature of Space:  Atoms are about ninety-nine percent empty space. If you compress an atom by pushing electrons toward the nucleus, the external space does not simply vanish — the space remains. Similarly, when matter is compressed in black holes, the "freed" external space is ejected outward. This process continuously creates new space, explaining the expansion of the universe without requiring the galaxies to actually move apart.  2. Expansion of the Universe:  The ejection of space by black holes and other massive objects pushes galaxies apart, even if they are gravitationally moving toward each other. It is not galaxies flying away into empty space, but space itself growing between them, driven by countless black holes across the universe.  3. The Frozen Image at the Event Horizon:  The reason we observe objects "frozen" at a black hole’s event horizon is because, as space is ejected at near-light speed, it stretches and slows the light coming from infalling matter. To an outside observer, it looks as if the object is eternally stuck at the horizon, frozen in time.  4. Formation of Spiral Galaxies:  Because black holes eject space unevenly and with intense forces, they start to rotate. This rotation of the black hole causes the surrounding matter to form into a spiral structure, naturally explaining why so many galaxies have spiral shapes. The spiral shape is a direct consequence of the black hole spinning as it ejects enormous amounts of space.  5. Relativistic Jets and Hawking Radiation:  The relativistic jets emitted from black holes, as well as Hawking radiation, can be seen as side effects of this intense space ejection process. Some matter and energy are blasted out along the axis of rotation as part of the black hole’s mechanism to eject space, explaining why we see powerful jets emerging from galactic centers.  6. Gravitational Lensing – A New Perspective:  When we observe gravitational lensing, we are seeing very old light from distant galaxies. The light shows the galaxy as it was billions of years ago and where it was billions of years ago when the light began its journey. If, during that time, the galaxy itself moved closer to us, it could now lie directly between its own ancient light paths and us, the observers. In that case, the galaxy itself would cause the gravitational lensing of its own ancient images. Thus, the gravitational lensing we observe could often be caused by the galaxy itself, not necessarily by some invisible dark matter halo. This also fits with the idea that galaxies are moving toward each other, but the continuous ejection of space between them makes it appear that the universe is expanding.  7. Gravitational Waves:  Gravitational waves can be understood as ripples created when the intense ejection of space is disturbed, for example, during black hole mergers. Instead of thinking of it only as a disturbance of spacetime, it is also a disturbance in the ongoing flow and ejection of space.  8. No Need for Dark Matter or Dark Energy:  This model naturally explains gravitational lensing, cosmic expansion, galaxy structure, gravitational waves, and Hawking radiation — without invoking dark matter or dark energy. The ejection of space by black holes and other dense structures provides all the necessary effects.
Why did they put all columns in the middle? Seems like you only need one corner column split into two and moved to either side to make room for the church. Also could have cut a neat looking notch in that corner of the building going all the way up. The design seems just dumb, like a bunch of lego bricks and then some angled ones for the top. No matter what they say or how they build it, you can see it has a fraction of the stability of a normal building.
A question:  why would a MTD need power to work?  From what I saw in the video, it is totally mechanical.  I thought it acted on its own as the building moved. An off the wall question:  they filmed “the secret to my success “ at Citicorp, didn’t they?  Looks like it.  Was the interior shots filmed in that building too?
Imagine how big ego one has to build like this and imagine integrity of a man to admitt a mistake.
You are an engineer, you are planning a large ass building, and you research wind only from 4 sides, not diagonally ?  Are you 12,  how restarted you need to be ?
5:31 triangles are the strongest shape🤯🤯🤯they don’t explain anything to us
The fact that homeboy was seriously considering just checking out over this says alot
That has to be the ugliest church ever, you can see they didn't care
They really let them destroy that beautiful church and put that weird ass thing in it's place? Wtf
When this skyscraper was build, they bought out all the surrounding blocks, which back then were pawn shops and massage parlors and cleaned up the seedy neighborhood to make way for radical change. It's one of NYC's iconic landmarks.
It's amazing to think of a time when the press actually investigated things. (I'm referring to the part where he was afraid the press was going to find out, right before they went on strike).
I admire his humility to accept his mistake, lived up to it, formulated a solution, called the attention of the client and acted upon it immediately.. Beyond saving his professional integrity, saving lives was more paramount to him...The Most Dangerous Building in Manhattan? Not anymore.. Thanks to him..
Recomendation! Search lead dev the sky scraper built on stilts! If you are a team manager is a must watch
One of your best videos, great job keep up🎉
Risk management big screw up from the start.
i bet the dude that said to use bolts instead of welds to save money was a jew just sayin
Bro what did you do with the church? My goodness looks like ikea or mcdonald
its insane that they could have accidentally created an event worse and more destructive than 9/11
Top notch content.
Please stop trying to make metric a thing, it’s an American building in an American city. Just use imperial, things like this only make people dig their heels in harder
Starting watching this and he only mentioned 110kph... so we're safe, because we all use mph where the building is located. So I stopped watching there.
at 12:45 in a student call sketch you depict student as a guy and refer to student as "him", and later admit that student that first informed Bill was most likely a female. what affected your decision to make it this way?
He was named LeMeasure for a reason.
Only finds out about it after it’s been built and he’s gotten paid? What a ‘hero’
It's all because that church
This should be titled "how a big project can have A TON of assumptions and miscommunications" and then shown to everyones bosses boss. Give em a lil context and a POV from the working level vs the pockets that funded the project.
„Old crumbling gothic church“ ? I would call it a cultural heritage that has to be protected but hey, I‘m just a european socialist right?
And to think, all this could have been avoided if they just turned the building 45 degrees on the lot and built it conventionally. Or they could have built it conventionally with one corner missing, leaving a pentagonal form.
so you're telling me the guy who's name is basically "the measurement" thought that the name "project it's all fucked" was too suspicious, so he named it "project it's all good" instead
This building was also featured in a show called 'suits', kinda enjoyed that show ngl.
Structural engineer here. Even though this topic was discussed on other channels before, I'm so glad Veritasium covered this, as I believe it would now reach a broader audience. Hope this inspires more young kids to come into the field of structural engineering ❤️
Somehow as a software engineer, I can relate a lot in this video, trying out elegant ways to solve problem, incur bugs no one notice, and stepping up to own the mistake before it blows up😅
It wasn’t him who made the discovery. It was an engineering student who made the discovery and notified the architect who notified the city.
And here I am thinking that the columns are the weakest part the whole thing.
Man Religion really is the bane of human existence.
Taipei 101 has a really cool TMD
The fact they slowed down the repairs so they didn’t have to tell people is horrific. I know people keep talking about not spreading terror, but this sounds more like putting more people at risk to avoid bad publicity.
I could see a movie being made about this in the style of Air. Like Air (obviously) we already know the outcome but there could be a tension throughout the movie where it becomes a "will it or won't it work" moment.
gothic church >
I’m no engineer and I knew that’d be and issue immediately. Being too smart makes you lose common sense I think lmao
Awesome video!!!
Great story
"Old Crumbling Gothic Church"  just wow, dude...
"Didn't want people to panic" no they didn't want to look bad. What they should have done was shut the building down, then got enough crews to add the bracing to each floor all at once vs. trying to sneak in during the dead of night and fix their potentially deadly failures without anyone finding out about it.
1:36 Jesus wept  No literally, Jesus probably wept
NYC recently had an Earthquake, so no building should be built like this one in the video and also any other building that is tall shouldn't exist.   do the job and think about the people safety later when the job is done.
WAIT, wasn't Diane Hartley finding the problem ???  "In June 1978, Princeton University engineering student Diane Hartley was writing her senior thesis about Citicorp Center's design at the suggestion of her professor, David Billington"
THUMBNAIL CLICK BAIT
That old church architecture is much better than these "Modern" Designs.
I can’t keep watching a video about an architect that destroyed that amazing gothic church, to build a company’s office building and replaced it with that geometrical sh*t show, and I’m an atheist
0:20 sure, go ahead, put scratches into the table and the item. And throw it harshly into the box.  This is your most disappointing presentation so far, it's stuff that's like 1 year old in SOTA compatition.
That's wild.
That's no church, that's a satanic block.
I believe the Woman was the one not the dude.
I think this could have worked if they just made the building a hexagon.
‘Old crumbling gothic church’ ?? GenZ and their fine taste in architecture
Am I crazy or is he using tension and compression backwards. Tension is when you pull something. Compression is when you press on it.
this video is awesome!
Measure twice, cut once as they say. "White lies are entirely moral" says the perp.
the pope/church took a bribe to knockdown that protected american historical building and replace it with a worthless piece of schit, Citicorp laughed all the way to the bank.
Stop changing the damn thumbnail
1:41 "old crumbling gothic church" replaced by that eyesore ...
Wow so it is possible to come in after hours and add secret construction elements to structural beams in a highrise and have the employees none the wiser 🤔
That's why you should be an architect, you just draw beautiful drawings, and wait to be praised like a demi-god, while the engineers bust their @$$e$ to make it work.
20:05 as a structural engineer, i can tell you that this isn't the only thing that makes us have thoughts of "disappearing"
I am not smart enough to understand math and psychics....
aint no way this fortnite looking cube is a church
Great story, well told.
Manhattan, whu whu
Imagine demolishing a beautiful church to build THIS MONSTROSITY
great video!
Oh wow I actually took architecture classes and learned about this place! Even got to go visit inside since college was nearby. Don’t even need to watch it to know he pulled off that sneaky building after hours lol. Also got to go into the freedom towers while they were being built which is neat af since father worked in Maki’s building 4!
To me it's not really the architects fault, primarily it's the fault of the company he was a part of, because they approved the design change to bolts instead of welds, if the bandaid plates welded on the joints are more than enough, then the original weld design should logically be enough as well.. 🤔
To confront, and stand up to take responsibility for your mistakes is truly honorable. I have a load of respect for this man, this one a a kind engineer. He's a marvel in his own right. Now his soul can rest easily.
You telling me Masonic masons didn’t build it right!
I'm surprised no one thought about the corners. It's the first thing they teach now in school.
Interesting topic. But I couldn't watch because of the physical pain caused by the constant pronunciation of _Mesurier_ as "measure", i.e two syllables instead of four. Is that really the normal pronunciation in the US?
Send us back a thousand years .. when Civilization had imagination for new structures.  My god these new buildings are nasty compared to what Humanity used to build.
DUMB
Bill was probably feeling like the chief designer of the Titanic when he realized the flaw in his building.
12:38 where is the telephone cord?
The part that people don't seem to understand is that disasters are usually not one failure point, but various failure points that coincidentally align.   The first one here was: 1.  Engineering Design that did not account for wind from all sides.  These are factors that not everyone or engineer used to think about because it was not "common" and were freak accidents. Now, due to the nature of objects lasting 100 years+ we have to consider it.  2.  Post Engineering, Construction changes.   While he planned for the building to have things done a certain way, due to the physic laws.  Actuality was that they decided to cut corners, as all construction projects tend to try to do.  3. A potential failure in an area that we are not fully yet aware of.  4. The weather pattern that is the rare scenario to happen.   They had al the markings of a future Skybridge/Champlain accident.  Thankfully, the engineer realized after some calls that there was a reason people were trying to get the information.  And so he decided to reanalyze it to provide more accurate perspective with more knowledge (current assignment gave him more experience).   At that point, he did the right thing.  The important thing was in managing situation and quickly correcting it. So it doesn't become a string of errors that eventually leads to a calamity.   The right path was taken.  The building being shut down and traffic redirected would have been a fete of engineering that would have hampered NYC. And would have created far more issues and would have driven Citi out of business potentially creating a situation where the building could not be fully fixed due to lawsuits and the back and forth bs of Americans in general. And this goes for all sides.
Another Veritasium click-bait...
Peanut butter 🧈 jelly jam… ❤😊
I have never heard of this and I worked in the citicorp building for a few years.
Money, enough money on the table and they allow anything😂
Why Kelvin-meter / hour??
I've heard this story told before, with different chronology. This telling is much nicer to many of the people invovled.
a beautiful gothic building got wrecked. For that square monstrosity.
Anyone else find it fucked up how quickly and professionally companies can solve problems when it's their own asses on the line, but they cut every conceivable corner when they think they can get away with it? It's almost as if they shouldn't have even a fraction of the power they have in our society for now.
"Replace old crumbling gothic church..."  Terrible writing. More like beautiful church. They tore down all historical building in New York. I guess that's why downtown is so soulless.
Kept from the public to "avoid panic." This is absolutely disgraceful and disgusting from Citibank and officials to put this many people in danger.
You should always LeMessurier twice..
Great lessons. God bless the one who tipped the engineer. There is definitely Higher Power intervention i believe by the means of his creation. God bless you All.
Would have made for an interesting episode of Suits if the building the firm was based in fell down in a storm. As the story is based at Citigroup Center at 601 Lexington Avenue
The sad thing is, that in today's greed-ridden neoliberal world, there would most definitely be a cover up/denial if such a situation occured now rather than a fix, and to hell with who got hurt as a result.
I think it's important to recognize that his original design was changed without his knowledge or consultation. His firm was consulted, but they didn't do the original design or calculations, so couldn't have known all the risk factors and should have consulted him before giving a response. Classic case of not knowing the "why" and making assumptions. Also I think the fact that his response to several calls was not "I know what I'm doing, no one understands", but rather "everyone is concerned, maybe I should be too. Let me double check"
cause 9\11 was an inside job and everyone knows it XD
I think that kind of professional integrity is a lot rarer now than it was back then.
Whenever I show people around NYC, I take perverse pleasure in stopping for lunch in Citigroup Center’s atrium, and cheerily telling them about all of this while all 59 stories of the building in-question sits directly above us.  :D
Destroy gothic craftsmanship and beauty for a monolith on toothpicks wow
after seeing what they did to the church ruined the rest of the video for me. its a rarity to see gothic architecture and to see it gone due to someones decision and not natural or accidental causes is maddening
@1:35 "Replace this old crumbling Gothic church.."  << My Lunch Break: has entered the chat..
Now compare actions in this to what Boeing "did" with their faulty by design plane and lack of quality...
henry just ruining veritasium
This channel is annoying, time to block.
1:39 the “old crumbling gothic church” to the “brand new one”…. My heart skipped a beat
Incredible vidéo !
This was an amazing Story about the responsibility of the Engineer involved! They checked and rechecked the Calculation and then finalized the Fix.  We need this kind of commitment in all Engineering aspects, but we also need this kind of Commitment in our REPORTING of these mistakes in the MEDIA.  We can't have a "gotcha" in our Media reporting.  Thank goodness, some student engineer didn't report her questions to TODAY's media.
Great video!
To all the commenters that hail the "brave" people for acting on the fault in the structure: your standards are appallingly low. There is NO other option than to fix it, not morally nor from a pure egoistic standpoint of the engineer or CEO or whomever involved. Not telling the people working inside is revolting too. If there is such a huge risk, evactuate until fixed.
This is an ENGINEERING marvel.. not an Architectural. As a structural engineer, I worry about Engineers not getting enough credit. 😂
They destroyed ancient history to create blasphemy
Ugliest church I’ve ever seen. Disgusting modernism
Sure sounds like this genius engineer with his name all over the project had no oversight or responsible charge at all
at 1:38 *it was obviously a neo-Gothic, not a Gothic church
willeextreme
We need more Structural engineering videos like this from Vertasium :(           Thanks for the amazing video.
This video is genuinely an emotional watch as a civil engineer. This is the kind of thing nightmares are made of.
I don't like this animation style, it makes me seasick how everything is always moving. Not everything has to move all the time
I worked for 4 years as a draftsman in the company that designed the pendulum for Taipei 101 (at 28:24) . And it was only through this video that I realised how amazing the stuff we made there was. A lot of it becomes commonplace for you until someone looks at it with a fresh eye. Great video and also a very good illustration of how these pendulums work at 9:32.
Love this video! Hope to see more engineering/architecture videos in the future
Well I’m not surprised to hear that it’s dangerous: it looks like the FF7 Buster Sword in the video thumbnail! 🙈
Yes its very embarrassing, as all expect no engineering mistakes. Yes another trick, is calculate the forces and then design for double or triple the required amount, to compensate for any issues, its more expense but better than a massive failure. There are all kinds of factors, such as poor or defective materials used by a corrupt contractor to save money, poor workmanship defects in the structure, like a bad batch of concrete that was not cured properly, that is weaker then expected, bad weld that was missed. But because the build is an overkill it will not collapse.
no clue what a km/h is and it makes it very hard to watch don't be lazy put both edit: i see you did some of them near the end but all of them should have both even when he was talking about thinking of hitting a wall in his car should have had one on screen for people who use the useless km/h.
Perfect documentary. Great tension. Thanks.
The important thing to draw from this is that it was all done to prevent a capitalist from losing money. Not for the safety of the people in and around the building
Weird that this is somehow an inspirational example of ethical responsibility in this video, when it's clearly another cautionary take of greed, plain and simple. That line about him contemplating suicide is just a straight lie or makes him look pathetic to care, even for a second, more about his career reputation than the lives of everyone in that building.
27:08 "Now the building, according to LeMessurier can withstand a 1 in 1,000 storm" How much do we trust him? He was wrong when he built it, his firm was wrong when they fixed it the first time. How confident can you be now?
Did derek just say kilometers per hour 💀
The important thing to draw from this is that it was all done to prevent a capitalist from losing money. Not for the safety of the people in and around the building
In the US, if there is private investment, how can anything be prevented?
I hope this video inspires thousands to pursue a career in engineering. What a well done piece.
As cryptic as 20:10 is I completely understand that sentiment.
As a civil engineer, I really enjoyed this video. Please continue making more like this one
The greatest thing about LeMessurier is he admitted to the mistake and fixed it. Id trust that guy in a heart beat to build a building.
How is that possible? He might as well live in a 2-star hotel in London half the week, then travel off peak back home, itd be half price surely. That £600/wkly is bollocks. £2400/ month travel?? Nah, crap! That was a half decent wage back in early 2000s
All that effort to build the world's ugliest church next to it. 😆
Another example of the evils of bean counters during the early stages of construction.  Bean counters have ruined todays automotive industry also.
Build it....we'll worry about feasibility studies LATER,  just HOW dumb are people?
The question is: Has the building been under the stress capable of bringing it down since the repairs?
Retarded ideas require extraordinary hubris
Bill LeMismessurer
My channel is for sale. 172,000 subscribers
The gothic church looked waay better than the new church.
lol nyc. Such a third world peasant city compared to Chinese cities.   Americans are peasants
Is the "p" in Citicorp pronounced?
The Gothic church was a treasure. And you just call it "old crumbling" ... Americans ...
Crumbling gothic architecture? Bruh. They replaced it with an ugly modern looking public restroom building on the side of a rural interstate.
all of these math and engineering challenges and difficulties could've been prevented if they just decided to go for a different design.
A good man puts the safety and lives of others before his reputation and financial security.  And that is what he did and, thankfully, so did others, who worked together to get the problem solved rather than ignore it and hope for the best (which rarely happens).  And then, when what they were doing and why got out to the public, they took ownership and used it to educate others who might have unique designs for new buildings.
This story was first published in 1995. The astonishing thing is that there is no evidence any of this occurred. There are no records of any modifications to the building structure regarding welding plates in any regulatory department of the city or state. Somehow a huge repair occurred "secretly" in an active office building. The thesis "Implications of a Major Urban Office Complex: The Scientific, Social and Symbolic Meanings of Citicorp Center", by Diane Hartley does not contain the calculations specified. She never indicated that she was involved with this incident, yet this paper is widely credited as the one which revealed the flaw. This is a simply a hoax, written to get readers or viewers for the author.
Is it really necessary for buildings to get that tall or is it just dick measuring?
This video is 60% ads
How do you allow to replace a real church with that hiseous post modern piece of nothing. Zero esthetic sence. It is practically a crime to humanity. That there, is money speaking.
Lol and now Doge took the funds for those educations. I love uneducated people!
Stilts are only good for circus performers!
Very interesting video!
because greedy americans fill there pockets with bribes then turn there backs
What's funnier is that it doesn't even look cool, it just looks as dangerous as it actually is.
The YT ads on Veritasium are getting to the point where I'm losing interest in the channel :-(
0:15 Wild to use Km when talking about an American building in one of the most American cities.
I've seen several videos on this one building and the problems it brought up. Not one went into details about the remediation.
Thats one of the ugliest churches ive ever seen
I see this as an absolute win.  The ability to admit your mistakes even facing law suits and professional ruin should be celebrated.   Hat's off for William LeMessurier.
My first thought: a church causing another problem for public safety, compromising lives 🙄
I like how 9/11 conspiracies just steal this story, they can’t come up with anything original 🙄
'Old crumbling church'. It didn't look as if it were crumbling.
LeMessurier is a big man, his example has influenced engineering, not just in civil engineering/architect.  As an engineer, I'm taught to doubt myself and triple-check if needed. Look at the solution from different angles, not just the problem. (This is why I build a "Watchdog" program for my mission critical program to repair and restart as needed.)  Also, the student(s) who called. Kudos for bringing up Diane Hartley & Lee DeCarolis. I knew about Diane and I assumed she spoke with someone else on LeMessurier's team. Lee could be the student LeMessurier himself spoke to. Either way, given the benefits of doubt, 2 students ringing the bell would increase the alarm.  Addition: After reading Lee's article on Online Ethnic Centre, he didn't mention anything about Quarter Winds to LeMessurier. SO, this means that LeMessurier may have combined these 2 students into 1 during his retelling of the event. I'm sure he was more interested in repairing the building before the storm than taking notes on which student made the call so Diane's story is probably still legit and valuable.  Although Lee mentioned that a 2020 analysis that combined wind tunnel testing and computer load simulation STILL shows frontal wind load is still more significant than Quarter Wind and the repairs was ultimately unnecessary. I guess the slanted roof had something to do with this but I am an software engineer, not an architect.
That reminds me of that saying, "It was at that moment, he realised he'd... " and you all know the rest. How many times have we seen cost cutting end in disaster?  At least it was corrected this time.  Talk about lessons to be learned.
This is the first time I'm hearing engineers saying "no" to redundancy, that too for a project this risky and uncertain.  Normally engineers would add redundant elements to design to ensure it works on long term, but rounding the number of bolts to a lower value was shocking.
The way the ethical ramifications of not informing the people that would have been gravely affected had the worst case scenario hit is just brushed off and even joked about is pretty infuriating. They never had the choice to move out and away from the building; imagine if things had gone bad and your loved ones lived in or around it.
Thank you LeMessurier. Outstanding.
They should keep the old church 😂
Astaghfirullah. Why did they ever destroy that beautiful church
1:38 WTF is wrong with these people
Can you guys use freedom units not just heathen units
Dont buildings need to get certifications by other engineers before the public is allowed in. Isn't the design supposed to be approved before any work begins? Seems there is a long list of people that had the responsibility to catch this but failed to do so. Am I missing something? Why is the focus only on the chief engineer? I would like to think engineers have checks and balances.
As a welder I feel a good weld will always be stronger than a bolt that’s at least my opinion lol.
Highly recommend visiting the TMD in Taipei 101. It's open to the public and it's a hell of a thing to see up close.
He passed away in 2007?  He was killed by the stress.  The thought that his building would fail was hell on earth for him.  If he wasn't so stressed out all those years he might still be alive today
Stick to a measurement. Either metric or imperial.
there is a reason why the egyptians built pyramids, not giant phallus symbols of inefficiency. skyscrapers are just two things: unnessecary and expensive ... reaching 10th floor all the brought in and out liquids and ventilation need so much power, it makes it easy to explain why the higher floor appartments are the expensive ones. imo the upper sections of such buildings should pay the main part of the bill!
I just got my PLA license and finding that a design is unsafe after it’s been built is not be of my biggest fears.
Anyone who objects to how the replacement church building looks is not considering it's true beauty. It IS beautiful and rare: we probably will never see anything like it ever again.  The right of the church to remain was acknowledged and  perhaps the most complex, expensive, inconvenient and innovative solution ever devised was offered, accepted, and  completed!   An unaffiliated corporation and a religious institution went to great lengths to cooperate and coexist! If such a situation was encountered these days, you can be certain the company would get rid of the church building entirely by leveraging immense economic, political, and social pressure. This alone makes the church building indescribably beautiful, regardless of its exterior shell!
3:00 I'm imagining that chair. It's made of square stainless steel tubes. The backrest has a slanted top, like the skyscraper. Call it the Citi Chair. I'm sure there'd be a market for at least a couple dozen!
I hope my country (Thailand - where a 30 stories building collapsed this month due to a very minor tremor) has this level of responsibility. Everyone can build skyscrapers but it seems only the Western hemisphere would have any contingency or responsibility when it comes to safety of people's lives.
I would have never in my life, being in a position of the firm's chief engineer, considering the unusualness of the bulding, had NOT checked every possible wind directions. And what the hell is this, we stray from the original idea and calculations of the creator to save few pennies? Yes, quarter a million is a number, but it's like little o for the total cost of the building! And enormously cheaper than losing the whole builing and the lives of people!
I believe  female student discovered the structural problem for wind loads at 45 degrees to a face. She should be credited.
The student who made the call is the one who saved the life's Also the one who knew his mistake and fix it
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
What an act! They didn't know when it was under construction?? Isn't it wiggled while building the sky scraper? Or not even tested the prototype?? Maybe it is for making the black money into white by claiming insurance. Old book trick
My attention span can barely read through some of your lengthy comments let alone comprehend the genius minds and calculation some of these structural engineers have.. truly impressive.
Ya the old cruddy church comment. Didn’t float. The church was historic. And looked incredible especially compared to the Jack in the box 📦 church they built. You’re better than that. That’s why you have so many subscribers. What editor sold you on that line
"The only man in the world to know this"?!  Ridiculous!  Anyone who is vaguely familiar with the effects of wind upon tall structures would have quickly spotted that dangerous flaw.
Why didn't they just rotate the building design by 45 degrees about the vertical axis before constructing the building so that the stilts could be placed at the corners, or so that they could have just made a regular building without the chevrons???
Thought this was a B1M video till I heard the voice actor lol
A student doing math cslled the architect and said my math says it fall's. It wasn't a oh I forgot thing
This example has been taught to me about 4 times throughout engineering school; I didn't even learn civil. I'm a mechanical engineer.
If I remember correctly, it was an engineering student doing her thesis or some other big project and it's only when she emailed LeMessurier asking about this weird calculation she couldn't figure out that the issue was realized
I admire the engineering marvels but to go through all this to keep a building dedicating to worshipping a mythological creature is amazing.  I would have liked to know more about the top sloping part of the building.  Why is it like that?
I can't believe they destroyed that beautiful church and replaced it with a monstrosity.
In the end his design was fine. The fact it was altered would lend me blaming the firm and contractor. He didn't make the mistake, they did.
Engineers calculate what's needed, and their importance is often overlooked - mostly for budget reasons.  Architects, however, will happily present the pretty picture of some wet dream that's hardly possible to realise and maintain - always on the hunt for their next "award".  The pretty picture from architects always wins. Reality and warnings as issued by engineers never do.
horror movie for a civil engineer 😂
is that from Suits ?
What a stupid design, and all to "save" a church that was torn down and replaced with an ugly one instead. The chair with legs on the sides is a perfect analogy; even a child can recognize that it's inferior.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
So cool seeing you make a video about something I’ve learned about studying engineering in university
9/11
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
How many edge cases such as the diagonal wind have been missed in other mega structures ??
‘We’re really happy you understand the importance of engineering ethics and applaud our drastic and urgent action to remedy the issue, but please forget about it it’s already taken 20years off our health and we don’t wanna spend what’s left being known for a mistake’
We were lucky this architect admitted his mistake. The leadership in this country is a far cry from these needed values, of honesty and integrity !
…
Does not sound so „ethical“ to me. The guy knew there was a severe problem but spent time calculating by himself to determine the exact severity. To me it seems that he should have escalated it earlier. Seems more like he wanted to cover it all up without anyone noticing.
I think we often forget how great these videos are. Just imagine how this topic would have been presented on traditional television. It would not be half as detailed and they would get a big part of it wrong. Thank you Derek, and the Veritasium team for this great documentary!
Well, that is a downgrade. Why not keeping and fixing the old one? Why must everything look so boring boxy nowadays?
I think this case was the inspiration for an episode of Numb3rs (S1E4) I just watched.
My favorite so far . I have watched it 10x and still find the story intriguing
"I'm the only one who knows!"   Everyone thought that design was sus.
Well sometimes people want fort bunker. It's not wrong reverend father need one too😂
Well, I'll be damped...
Design over functionality is a bad idea.
"They notified the Chairman of CityCorp, within hours Chairman left the building" xD
Loved this documentary so much. It was truly interesting.
How could speaking out about a problem be more reputation damaging than having your work collapse?? He wasn't even the one who made the decision to swap out the welding for bolts
the new church looks like a button to turn on my xbox/pc/PlayStation
Feels very much like a Real Engineering video. 😊
Ah Citicorp Center.  Had to do a report on this incident while I was in college.  A fascinating case study in ethics.
People commenting on the brutalist church like their art critics 😂 Get it together. The real hideousness is your comments. Brutalism Is no less authentic than gothic style deal with It.
Do a video about the guy who discovered peanut allergies.
In Japan they have a lot of ancient 5 story buildings called Pagodas and inside each, there is a coloumn called Shinbashira that act as a Mass Tubed Damper. That explan why ancient Japanese building didn't fall despite the earthquakes they always had in the past.
That student is a time traveler…
Part of me wants to stand underneath it and sing MC Hammers Cant touch this.😊
Can additional supports be added underneath so that there isn’t a tragedy
Masterful storytelling. I really liked this and watched despite already knowing the story. Amazing no one caught on to this secret fix-up!
Great video
I’m sure it will be more complex (still watching), however, the stilts have a smaller total ‘area’ due to their placement compared to the example that was used of a chair, which could be bad with some wind directions / diagonal…
Dangerous things are usually allowed due to bribes.
Doing the math for this stuff is why I left the engineering field
Women must be paid the same wage a man in the same role would get paid.
Imagine being the welders knowing that the building can collapse, they probably weren't told tbh
পৃষ্ঠপোষক শেভ্রন শেভ্রনস৯ঢেলে দেওয়া হয়েছে দোলনা hai ক্রাচ ❤ঝুঁকে পড়েছে অশুভ উল্টে গেছে ভয়ঙ্কর😊
Derek, thank you, that you as a true scientist and your colleagues of course, use the SI Meter Units. 🙂
“how do we make something look ugly as possible” seems to be the question on most modern architects minds
Destroying the structural integrity of a building to save some money... Welcome to capitalism!
We do live in a culture where doing the ethical thing is considered extraordinary, so we do have to put emphasis on stories where people are lauded even for just the baseline decency of taking the correct action when the consequences for so many people would have been so severe.
I had just watched another video about the buidling made recently about how a media blackout at the time stopped panic when they put in 200 structural reinforcements, them damn crosswinds 😂
The old church should have stayed. It was gorgeous. What a crime to destroy that masterpiece.
“Main event….adding in a damper”
Now, I will have to take a walk to that building and really look at it. Things that make you go hmmmm.
10:50 Look, whatever it is called now, in 1977 it was the SEARS TOWER.
I'm amazed this isn't a movie already.
That’s an ugly church… no offense.
What about the fact that wind moves around the nearby buildings causing mechanical friction.
young Architects must surely be taught quite early on why all buildings representing Religion generally have a bit which points directly at the sky - a bit which needs a clear line of sight to from where The Gods originated & still reside.
Why?
Getting rid of the old church was such a dumb move, they went from a beautiful gothic design to that abhorrent modern filth
Please STOP using the word "so" at the beginning of every sentence.  It makes you sound unintelligent
For watching
I still think it was unethical
as a 35yo engineering student to a 97yo engineering god in aus (yes he still works) dont ride rollercoasters
Is this a reupload?
14:45 Wreck is an incorrect word in that idiom. The correct word is WREAK and pronounced "reek".   "To wreak havoc" is the correct form of the idiom.
best video to watch when you wanna sleep, no disrespect.
All this planning and the simple solution would be to just leave the beautiful historic church there and build around it . Just simply not take up the entire block. Don't be greedy. Maybe you could build something that is rectangle but has a corner missing all the way to the top.
Would it be better if the building was cylindrical with these diagonal chevrons? Would the cylinder lead to reduction in the force of winds?
He didn't make the discovery.
the fact that his name is LeMessurier , so close to "Le Mesurer" kinda makes a meme out of this 😆
M M MASSIVE??
I don’t like the new guy
Acrobatic act seems to be the perfect one
Boring & fascinating all at once.
wasnt it a student that told him about it?
that sound so crazy that they did not care about wind coming from the angle... on a building to which they take away the stilts in the angles! At the most basic level, like the exemple of the chair around 3:00 , it's feel like if something much go wrong, that would be in that direction!!! (to be fair, it's obviously easier to say after all was explain in a 30 minutes video, and i'm not even sure if the actual problem was indirectly due to that lack of angular stilts or not so much)
It's truly a story of how can men transform a beautiful church into a lego block.
That church is hideous
So that's how they put in the charges in the WTC without anyone noticing!
your background music drove me away...
01:40 Call “old crumbling gothic church” already tells you what’s coming. The “old gothic churches” are the very reason people pay thousands of dollars to see in Europe.
“Replace this old crumbling gothic church with a brand new one” are you kidding me right now? I’d rather have that church there than anything else I saw in this video
Please next look at Building 7
If only you knew how they made it ... . It's baffling.   They began at the bottom, then worked their way to the top. Just amazing.  :P
1:37 you americans aren’t real that church looked so beautiful and you replaced it with a metal shed unbelievable
Sad they tore down the gothic church.. Wtf
Looks like a child’s Minecraft build
Rather have an old crumbling gothic church than whatever this mOdErn lump of cement is.
How are building plans not peer reviewed?!
great metric unit, entire 30 mins video need no pause to do conversion
It seems by keeping it a secret, they slowed down the repair. Granted it took 6 weeks, but I wonder if they would have just admitted their mistake and closed the building, repaired it as fast as possible, if it would have been safer. But of course, that would have shutdown business operations - which ‘trumps’ over safety in America ;)
all done under everyone elses noses at the potential cost of their lives. Corporations and governments sinister ways of consistency  Time to rise up soon
incredible video
That's a church? What??? looks dumb.. the old one was beauty!!!
No building depends on mass damping in a critical way, right? If those devices failed to operate due to lack of maintenance, as for example in a pandemic, no skyscraper would be in danger of falling. This would be the reasonable guess, I think.
We definitely must not vilify people when they admit mistakes. We must praise such people!
1 more unskippable ad and i unsub
the system needed attenuation
Hey! This was a very nice & detailed documentary. The only problem that I felt like at some point the video did not introduce the speakers' again. I was confused along the way about who was who.
43 seconds in and all I can say is DO YOUR RESEARCH. You just have credit to that guy for being the only person to know there was a flaw? He didn't even make the discovery. It was a woman. An engineering student.   Dude. No.
Tell me more about how “devices” in a building can be installed in secret
Name: Messurier. Pronunciation: Me-sur-ri-eh. How you expect a yank to say it: Messur-ree-ur. How the yank says it: Measure.  Sigh...
Lesson- Do the right thing
What a terrible looking church
What building is that at 32:01 with the dutch flag on it? So cool to see my country's flag represented in NY!! 😃
LeMessurier  was lucky that the issue could be solved by removing the bolts and welding the pieces of the braces together, meaning the cross section of the brace is big enough to sustain this large force, otherwise they'd had to remove the braces for larger cross section, and that would have been a complete disaster
Many tall building designers will be thinking “But for the grace of God there go I”. Others will be naively confident that there could not be a mistake in their thousands of pages of calculations, hundreds of drawings and numerous changes during the build.
How were they allowed to demolish that beautyful old church?
Just wondering, at 16:00 why is the weight of the TMD not included in the gravity load?
WTF?! the Japanese have been using tuned mass dampers since pagoda were invented
Um, why wasn’t wind considered from all directions?
It's awesome to see a man admit that mistakes were made and his willingness to rectify the situation. He put public safety ahead of his pride and that is commendable
Amazing storytelling. The title is amazing as usual, did not disappoint. Love It!
So basically they only installed the TMD for comfort but it ended up being the part that saved the building. I love welding btw, would've been an interesting job.
You're late, I saw a video on this a few years ago.
But that wasn't the first use of a tuned damper in a building. It may be just the first use of this kind of damper, but the FernsehTurm of Berlin was finished in 1969 and has a tuned damper for stabilisation in form of a central pendulum.
Okay but why did they make the church ugly
This could have been a totally different video about a collapsed building on columns but thankfully everyone involved in fixing its problems were responsible adults!
Not EVERYTHING needs to be animated.
It's a shame they destroyed that "crumbling gothic church" with what looks like a subway entrance. That would probably be considered straight up criminal today.
PoV: you forgot to calculate anything for your building
"Thousands of people are working there and could die because of our mistakes, but no need to tell them because we don't want panic."  Just a fancy way of trying to get out rightful lawsuits. They literally gambled with the lives of thousands, just because they didn't want to be held accountable. They are laughing about it now, because nothing happened, but the fact that it could have happened should be enough to shut down Citicorp, and put every architect, engineer, and city official in prison for life.
But when tall building fall they always fall straight down upon themselves like the towers. Was I lied to?
Why ever to build weird building if you can build normal one? I mean engineering\architecture is not about the freak show. I mean in terms of safety (still not quite legal) there is bunch of ways to deal with rebelous church in the way. Or they may just pick a new place to build.
Can't believe so many engineers think it's such a courageous act to 'own up' to a mistake that would destroy thousands of lives and an entire city block.   Not impressed they didn't tell the public and forwent the chance to work around the clock
Having done extensive  work with Legos and Lincoln logs as a child, even no would not have approved of this design….
Was this first mass damper building built in 1977 built earlier than the John Hancock building in 1975/76?
PUT THE CHURCH BACK
shame they lacked the courage to admit the issue to the public. They could have worked 24/7 without office occupants present, and thus finished before the risk of Hurricane Ella. A risk they admit themselves made them 'sweat blood'
Unfortunately this story is so wrong it changes some of the meaning. A student discovered this famous architect’s flaw. She wrote to him and he listened- which is amazing itself. He realized she was right and then announced the mistake. Great story. Don’t cut the truth.
they really had to destroy that Church with all its history just to replace it with this ugly piece of garbage... typical of America... I don't want to know about this stupid tower anymore
Worked on that building got seasick
1:36 What an absolute tragedy
4.5M+ views in one day!
6:47 YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE I MASSIVE?
They didn't let you film inside? What a bunch of dead shits
20:09 often in conspiratorial theories, so and so “died under mysterious circumstances”, I wonder how often that it’s not some coverup but a situation like this where they felt they couldn’t live with the consequences
Why destroy a church
Ah, yes, "what are the chances?". The infamous words of disbelief before a strong realization that you're bad at statistics.   Beautiful video on the topic! I had seen others but they did not explain exactly why all of this was an issue, and how.
Some comparisons here can be drawn in relation to Anthony Fauci.
Thanks
Lol did they even play Jenga?
Calling a beautiful old gothic church a crumbling building fit for replacement is the most American thing I’ve ever heard.
What for 1 Church they are sacrificing 100 of thousands lives
0:15 Starts the video off by saying its a nothing burger.  Wind doesn't happen in km/h in the USA so no problem!
Old crumbly gothic church - an actual masterpiece Brand new one - a bunker
The old Church was fascinating, and they replaced it with a piece of crap, truly shameful.
LeMessurier twice, bolt once...I'll see myself out.
Unfortunately, I don't understand the pronunciation of that young man.😢
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Why did his firm not inform him about the changing from welds to bolts? From this story alone, it seems to me some corrupt people were involved in the project, and if the building had collapsed, he would have been blamed by the everybody
Haha, a gothic church in Manhattan! Neo-gothic is not gothic!
His name sounds like measure and he's an architect, a builder, that's nominative determinism right there 😂
my computer chair also had only single pillar and iam sitting without touching my feet iam still in balance
Algorithm finally did something right
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
just make less videos instead of shoving random people in my face
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I am an architect living in Johannesburg, South Africa. A few years ago I drove under the formwork structure for a new bridge crossing the main north / south highway (the M1) through the city. As I passed under I was stunned to see that the entire structure was resting on "screw jacks" (able to pivot), as I passed under I looked in my mirrors and could see no corresponding tension 'stays' or cross-bracing. I assumed the structure was not yet complete, right ? That afternoon (14 Oct 2019) the whole structure collapsed during a wind-storm and killed two people.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This gave me chills… in the best way
God intervened so that the building would not destroy his new church and ruin God's day.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This thing is pulled out of gumball brah
This gave me chills… in the best way
Diane Hartley  Say her name!!!!
2:33 this guy clearly doesn't know anything about the lengths architects and engineers have gone to in the last 3,000 years just to improve the quality of the spaces they designed and built.
I can t stop smiling watching this
Who else is here before this blows up
I see this building in suits show
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Pure talent. No words
I ve had this on repeat all day
I feel Veritasium is getting ready to pull a Matpat and switch out on us
Love how they tore down that historical and beautiful church and replaced it with that ugly piece of crap.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Good on that architect for not falling to the usual hubris of humanity. He's a good man.
A fitting structure for a financial system build on sand
The bar on ethics is so incredible low! Yes they rectified the issue as quickly as possible but to marvel at 'coming forward', note they fought to keep it as secret as possible, when literally thousands of peoples lives were at risk is, in my opinion just depressing 😞
Such an American thing to do to demolish a gorgeous gothic church and replace it with a block of cement.
7:52 the design is like Taipei 101
I can’t believe they destroyed the beautiful old church.
Cyberpunk megabuilding ahh design
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
6:46 massive?
Oh noo a yucky old crumbling gothic style church. Look at all the ugly and old details ewe. Let‘s replace it with this great and new block of concrete. Now THAT‘s architecture
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This gave me chills… in the best way
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Algorithm finally did something right
Engineering wins!
The old chruch was nicer.
I remember that episode of numbers!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Who else is here before this blows up
Lerr - mezz - ooh - ree - hay.  Not le measure.  Jeez you can’t even say his name ryte. Mind you, nobody can.  America.
Algorithm finally did something right
Pure talent. No words
What a great video! Congrats!
Religion makes life harder even if they’re non-believers. Typical.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Imagine destroying a beautiful gothic art and historic building to make some bs ahah.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I can t stop smiling watching this
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This gave me chills… in the best way
Who cares.
Just think if we could've used that damper as an energy source instead of requiring more energy? We're not as advanced as you would think we are seeing as we still have to bring our own oxygen in a submarine surrounded by H20.
Literally drove by this building in NFS World wondering where that part of the map is based on. Didn't think this would be a real building
Are there examples of electricity generation from tuned mass dampers in skyscrapers? Usually it gets turned directly into heat, but it seems like there is a lot of potential energy to be harvested. Anyone kowing more about that?
19:30 I can easily imagine the feeling, I had a similar experience on a much lower magnitude. During a bathroom renovation the plumber built the place for the toilet then came the construction workers and we made a decision to add a ~6 cm extra layer on the wall. Then came the plumber to install the toilet. Ha stood there watching the wall and told me: there is a chance that there were not enough place to put the toilet in and put the water tank behind it to be able to open the toilet cover. After ten minutes experimenting it turned out that everything is OK, but that quarter an hour was bad. I didn't want the construction guys come back to remove part of the wall.
This video is a complete lie. It was the student that saved New York, the student found the quartering winds problem. Bill LeMessurier didn't discover anything and initially ignored the student that actually discovered his incompetence. This absurd sham of a video is glazing LeMessurier when he was the incompetent fool that almost killed thousands of people.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Everything gravitates.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Minecraft is getting too realistic nowadays
😮 Why no mention of the student that allegedly tipped him off?😮
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Both buildings have bad designs and just ugly... The old Church was way better...
old church looked 9999999 times better
Filming deny inside the building is really shame on the company.
This was a really exciting story.
How was this allowed!? Do they mean why does YouTube allow pointless clickbait garbage videos like this!? Good question…
Another example of religion making life highly difficult.
We learned about the Ford Pinto in our engineering ethics class.
That church was beautiful. That new building is ugly as hell.
Algorithm finally did something right
A press blackout through a strike, AT&T just installs the cables overnight. And then for extra serendipity.  Ella really said: Nah screw the Yanks, The Canucks are getting it. Y'all CitiCorp be easy
Lives at risk and hes thinking of ending it all selfish f
Didn't a student point out the potential flaw.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Fun fact, Diane Hartley, who was an engineering student studying the building at the time, was the first person to notice this and wrote to William LeMessurier to consider her  analysis of the buildings vulnerabilities. Only until then did Bill do something about it. Could he have considered it before Diane notified him? Maybe. Diane deserves the credit of being the first to notice this issue, but Bill can still get recognition for both listening and later acting on the issue.
Does every YouTuber do a video on this? I swear this is the third I've seen this month.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Building 7 was most dangerous in the eyes off those twins.
the lack of transparency is one the most haunting part of this.  shame on you
Saily is a cool roaming app
Why did you wash away the woman, Diane Hartley, who made a study of this building pointing out these structural integrity issues, causing the issue to be contemplated by the main engineer, LeMessurier?
Old crumbling gothic church my ass
Imagine if that student didn’t call that day.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Bro saw a reel about this getting popular and made a whole video about the topic. Unsubscribed.
seeing this video day after coming back from Manhattan😭 …could have seen this building right there...
19:22s 'What do you think this moment was like for LeMessurier when he ran these calculations?' ......Um.......... what about the unsuspecting people working in the building?  This is where incompetence meets runaway narcissism and ego!!!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
You just earned a new subscriber
"I was cooked, then i realized I was the chef" - William LeMessurier
Remarkable story.
derek moving in on roman mars' territory >.>
The way this is presented it sounds like he handed the "details" to staff who used bolts rather than welding.  Given that he concocted this novel system which clearly relied on welding for the force calculations I find it astonishing he wouldn't be all over such critical detail. I wouldn't let him build a cubby house on that basis.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Get Le Messurier's name right. It's not Le Messure—for goodness' sake.
The entire NYC press just HAPPENING to go on strike is one of those stranger than fiction moments
Citicorp sounds like a 90s thing
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I loved watching this video
I can t stop smiling watching this
I'm sorry, the structure numbers guy is called Le Measure?!?! 😭🤣
changing that church for the new one is a crime
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Installing clandestine devices in Manhattan buildings while the world slept has been going on for some time. Just ask Silverstein and Lowy.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
should've kept that beautiful gothic church.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This gave me chills… in the best way
Who else is here before this blows up
As a structural engineer, this video is highly educational and useful for me. Thank you Team Veritasium ❤️
Well done to Veratasium to give a right to reply to the engineering company. It’s rare in the non-editor led press to follow this practice.
It’s backed by the ✡️
LeMessurier’s original solution worked, the on sight decisions which he only found out after the fact were problematic. This wasn’t his fault but he still fixed it.
Random 0,5- 1,5 second videoclips of some random cartoon? Must be AI. Infuriating to watch, can we get AI created clips that are longer than 2 seconds?
KUDOS!
Always better safe than sorry. I’m no engineer but whoever thought bolts would hold a building this unique should have had a firm talking to. If the original plan was welds that should have remained the plan because those designs were made for a reason or bolts and the number of which was needed would have been the plan. Especially in a multi million dollar building what’s saving 250k? If it’s in the budget or not do the most structurally sound thing. What is cost when it comes to lives and the court of public opinion when things like this are discovered
what if the building still have fatal structural flaw and still collapse in like 30 years from now. and this very video is featured in the future veritasium like engineering future youtube-like video
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
A lot of people are wondering why the Citicorp Center wouldn’t have fallen straight down like the Twin Towers, so here’s a clear explanation:  The World Trade Center collapsed almost straight down because the damage was spread across the building very evenly. After the planes hit, the fires weakened the steel across several floors at the same time. When the structure finally gave out, everything above the impact zone dropped straight onto the floors below, and the force pushed downward, causing the towers to fall mostly into their own footprint.  The Citicorp Center was a completely different situation. It had a hidden flaw: they used bolts instead of welding the major braces inside the building. Those bolts weren’t strong enough to handle heavy wind from a diagonal angle (what’s called quartering winds). If the building had been hit by a strong enough storm from the wrong direction, the failure wouldn’t have been even — it would have started on one side.  When that happens, a skyscraper doesn’t just collapse straight down. It starts to lean. Once a building that big starts leaning, it can’t stop — gravity pulls it over fast. That’s why engineers were so scared. They were worried that Citicorp Center would fall sideways into nearby buildings and cause a chain reaction across several blocks. It wouldn’t have looked anything like the Twin Towers collapse — it would have been way more chaotic.  So to sum it up:  Twin Towers collapsed mostly straight down because the structure weakened evenly. Citicorp Center would have fallen sideways because the failure would have been uneven and started at a weak point. Hope this helps clear it up!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Who else is here before this blows up
So, once again: Greed Ruins Everything.
Talk about being penny wise
He got lucky, If he was just upfront and shut the building down while the repairs were made they would of been finished before hurricane Ella.
Wow, dumb luck played a massive part.  @12:50 LeMessurier thought everything was fine.  Imagine if he never took that call, would he have revisited the strength issue and quartering winds?  Possibly it would have come up again a year or two later with another student or engineer looking at the design, but equally a storm could have come through...
Weird. I swear i saw some documentary about this where a student discovered a major design flaw doing his own calculations and published it. Not some bolt instead of weld flaw.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
You just earned a new subscriber
why do they call it a 'chevron' and not a 'truss' ?
According to my personal theory, for a catastrophe to occur, at least three different circumstances must operate independently at the same time.  This one was also here: - unusual design - lack of consideration for the specific wind direction - savings during construction and a change in technology without notifying the designer.
This story reminds me of an old saying they teach students in bridge engineering "if you design it for two, build it for three".
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Not the biggest danger from Church in general but still . . .
In order to be right, you have to be prepared to be wrong.
I can t stop smiling watching this
le measure did infact measure
Its too bad there are no pics or videos of them welding those plates, would be interesting to see how they did the outer sides.
I Wanted to be an Architect when I was Little,,,,But then I realized I Hated Math !! LOLOL
I thought I was clicking a B1M video lol
Sounds to me he wasn't at fault as he said to weld them not bolt them
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I worked for several years as an structural engineer and it bamboozles me the fact that before the 80's the iterations were made by "hand" instead of using computers. I just thing about the hours spent in doing only mathematics without end.
the church has even more weird design than the skyscraper behind it,
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Algorithm finally did something right
Aren't there supposed to be independent peer reviews for any building designs in a dense high-rise city like Manhattan?
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Le Messurrire didn't le measure right
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Only few days ago when I knew about this building and the problem it had, funny enough my favorite channel made a splendid video about that is way better than any of them. Love this channel and every thing it brings. Keep it going Derek.
oh that old story.... only seen 20 times on youtueb so far...
Why was it allowed? C'mon y'all, it's New York City, home of the original democrat bribery! As good today as in the original!
I don't know why this was recommended to me but I love it maybe because I watched the secrets of New York maybe that's why but I like it I love architecture especially if there's a secret and this one has a big secret
nobody can imagine the stress or the pressure he went through.  just imagine if he just ran away...
I ve had this on repeat all day
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Pure talent. No words
You just earned a new subscriber
the facthis construction was approved before it was built is crazy
#4 on Trending👏🏻
Thank you for this extremely good education video. Is there a chance for another video about ethics in electronics engineering  or automotive engineering in the future?
A pretty basic AI would catch this problem in less than a day. Given the inputs are correct.
This is extremely educational and shines a spotlight on engineering. I'd be curious to know, as of 2025, what is the probability it could survive hurricane winds of 150 an' still remain standing? Real estate properties surrounding Citicorp would surely go down with a 50/50 liability? Just roll the dice....
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
A😊
"citicorp" and an architect called "le measure" lol
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The old crumbling gothic church looks way better than the new one. Its just bland.
Thank you. I thoroughly enjoyed this
The Church in its original  intended form was a thousand times better than the crap that pretended to replace it for the better.
How did they ever pull off this amount of welding in a fully enclosed, fully furnished space? The amount of heat and smoke generated from welding structural steel beams is colossal.
His name is LeMessurier...
I thought a student caught the problem an alerted LeMessurier?
The fact that he did not though of the wind in the corner once you remove the pillars in the corners... just by intuition you know half the building is not doing any force and the other is doing double. It amazes me that many people saw that and nobody noticed. It's the first thing I though seen the miniature of the video.
That new church is the essence od mediocrity we have been facing for decades.
more slop… I miss old unrushed veritasium vids…
They could have just pulled a Larry Silverstein and get rid of all these headaches....
LeMessurier: The building is solid, and the winds are foolproof because I designed it as long as the joints are welded. His firm: We actually switched for bolts LeMessurier: You *WHAT*
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Buster sword
Why Europe is beautiful and historic?   Because we don't replace "old crumbling gothic church" by concrete blocs.
what about that bit at 18:40 that the TMD only works if it has power??? this building is being kept up by electricity? I think this video has persuaded me that sky scrapers are just a bad idea
You just earned a new subscriber
If you weld several pieces of steel together, you have one big piece. If you bolt several pieces of steel together, you have several pieces. One solid piece is stronger than a bunch of pieces, and you don't need a structural engineering degree to know that. There were so many things wrong with this whole situation. The first time I saw that building, I thought the same thing most people did... the legs should be in the corners, not the middle of each side. All of the problems could have been avoided if they didn't have a corner of the building hanging over that church. They could have notched out the corner around it. The loss of floor space above would be nothing compared to the loss of life if buildings started falling like a row of dominoes. When they put the legs on the sides and built around the church, they could have the same thing to the opposite corner and not all 4 corners. It would have looked balanced and aesthetically pleasing, and more importantly, been a lot stronger with only 2 corners missing.
I've read the story 10 years ago on Chinese network.
This gave me chills… in the best way
the amount of ads truly justifies a thumbs down
After you made a video adoring Elon Musk and helping spread all the BS about him being so much more than he really is (a conman) I lost respect for your opinions and I feel like until  you make another video addressing your past fawning of him I can't take you seriously.
The only reason I knew what Tuned Mass Dampers were was because in Mirror's Edge Catalyst you literally have to detach one at a construction site
Imagine if that student didn’t call that day.
7:55 The pendulum method has been used in a building before, i know of one from 1966 (Ještěd), but there are probably more of them.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Lol, the name they came up with for the operation is hilarious.  "Yo, we gotta strengthen the building before hurricane season so we only have like a month, we gotta work full shifts, calculate everything super fast and accurately. BUT most importantly, we gotta come up with a kick-ass name for this whole operation"  The priorities are so funny.
Seems like he should have LeMessured those wind forces better amirite?
This story started to sound really familiar and then I realized there is an episode of Numb3rs based off of these events.
Fabulous episode.
I'm surprised he lived for so long after that realization and didn't get instant heart attack.
I almost feel God was over your shoulder. The warning, the retesting, the fact repairs didn't got a thick red tape, the press strike, and finally as evacuation proceeded that catastrophee veered side.  I forgot about the church, there wouldn't had been a Babel 2 that day.  But the corner cutting budget saving idiots! Did they got their brain for free from Temu?
Irl mob grinder.
I can't imagine this sort of disaster being dealt with cleanly this year or any of the following 3 years.
Saved 250k dollars huh....
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Architect: F*ck yeah! Civil Engineer: F*ck you!
I'm just an idiot and my first question when I saw the legs were not in the corners was "what happens with diagonal wind loads?", and I foolishly assumed they had thought of that.
20:10 now imagine this happening in 2025 - profit over people all the time
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Good thing that the guy responsible for measuring buildings is literally called Le Measure 🙏🏻
I thought the student was a her, not him? Diane Hartley... This is a great presentation.  I'm crying for the church though...what a beauty replaced by what wouldn't pass for a tomb even...
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I can t stop smiling watching this
they did the old church building dirty 😔
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Its moronic
cool
The old Gothic church is much better
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Churches have had their day. I’ve never to this day been offered any evidence that God exists. Move on…
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Algorithm finally did something right
You just earned a new subscriber
Amazing ❤
I can t stop smiling watching this
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Wow , the lack of transparency was 🤌🏻
Good Lord, move the church, they've already built over the crypt and how many acres of graveyard?Build a brand new Gothic church that will not fall on everyone's heads? No common sense, we have so many beautiful old buildings that have been left to crumble. Joanna Lumley put her heart and soul into J.M Barrie house...what happens. Nothing poor lady, back to square zero
Another casualty of religion
There's an excellent episode of Numb3rs where they have to deal with this problem. It's so good!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
26:39 Ella was like: "Ahhh... I'm bustin' your chops"
Veritasium always has really interesting videos :)
That’s one ugly church 😭
The part at 3:00 should be a part of every presentation on solid mechanics (i.e., a core course in the mechanically oriented engineering programs).  The stilts being on the face centers, as opposed to the the corners, essentially reduces the moment-bending radius of gyration by the square root of 2 (and increasing the stress load by that same square root of 2).  Indeed, the importance of the radius of gyration is the reason why the I-beam is the preferred shape for a structural member, and why a hollow circular tube of a certain cross-sectional area is preferred to solid circle of the same area (i.e., with a smaller radius).
Prusa MK3 at 8:04 !
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I ve had this on repeat all day
With all the permits and red tape involved.  Hard to see how such a brainless idea even got started.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Pure talent. No words
oh nooooo, when the engineer says you weld, you weld dont bolt monkaS
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
It's hard to believe content like this is free. Great work, I hope this video payed dividends.
Algorithm finally did something right
Every contractor knows that weekend anxiety — realizing something you built might turn into a nightmare if it’s not reengineered just right.
I dont get it
We have more accurate models now Anything about a certain hight is going to be affected by wind stresses  The building is still standing despite all the panicking
Thanks to LeMessurier for setting aside his own self and thinking about how a potential disaster could have killed many people surrounding the building and did the right and ethical thing to do.
Well if the choice is living on the streets because of one mistake versus living on the streets because of one mistake and a guilty conscience, I am picking the former.
Dual citizen maniac
Humans - and probably any animal with a certain level of nerve functions - have an intuitive sense of structural stability.  The skyscrapers of their day - the cathedral - has a structural architecture that intuitively looks good, and indeed, they have stood the test of time.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Made is USA...nuff said.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Whatever happened to square houses made of bricks...not complaining, I;m in one, I would swap it for a Gothic church, but. High rises have no soul. Ask a million city dwellers who CRAVE a garden that is NOT used for a junkies dog toilet.
sounded like a 3 min click bait video ,kept me watching for 33 min ,really amazing seeing the engineering required to keep these buildings up
Trump probably had it built
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Great vid with an obvious big budget, so why not look up how to pronounce his name? “LeMeasure” lol😅
16:43 ADHD on a paper
Guys, if I open a veritasium video, I want to see Derek, not any other producer, Derek
I ve had this on repeat all day
Pure talent. No words
1:34 And no one thought that this, in itself, was a bad idea? How old exactly was the Church?  If its as old as it looks, shouldn't such architecture be preserved somehow?
That architect was an absolute psychopath.
I ve had this on repeat all day
The old church was WAYYYYYY BETTER
Engineers are always so busy trying to figure out if they can they forget the common sense part of if they should! Stop complicating stuff unnecessarily
Anyone with half a brain in their head can see how terribly unsafe that design is.
Props to bro, swallowed his pride and listened to a student and owned up to the mistake
Who else is here before this blows up
isnt all of Brasilia (then city in brazil) like that
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Here's an idea, build your buildings with solid foundations and don't try stupid sh*t like removing supports to look "cool."
I ve had this on repeat all day
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I saw the original story.  actually, an engineering student found the flaw during research project.
minecraft mob grinder
Hurricane season was in fact NOT over.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Algorithm finally did something right
"People aren't anxious to talk about it" because it was a coverup. They fixed the building  and monitored it remotely from 8 blocks away, while the workers inside the building and every building around where subjected to the imminent risk of collapse. "Public panic" is exactly the right response here, everybody is out of the building and we cordon the area off until we know it's safe. They could have been easily sued into oblivion by the survivors.
I dont think they addressed this appropriately. They should have shut the building down and done massive rapid repairs and let everyone know of the danger. Far too often officials cop out behind "dont want to instill panic". The other reason they needed to make this public is the updates to the city building codes that didnt occur for 50 years. We need to let other engineers learn from our failures thats crucial.
Crazy that he fully designed the structure of a large and locally famous building but never visited the construction site one time to see bolted beams
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
i loved this video!
Let's see what the next episode will be @slowandfun-18 😂😂
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
1:37. Beautiful marvel of a church .   Into a modern hole cave structure. That’s sad
This is a structural engineering nerd fest. And I’m here for it. ❤
Great show, but who cares who the student was? Too much of this episode is dedicated to that.
When I was there, I knew there was a church at the foot of the building but .. I was like, wheres the church?? 😄
Le Mesurier has a beautiful speaking voice.
Thats pretty sad they demolished the old historic church for an ugly new concrete/metal box surely they could of just buildt over the existing building
I ve had this on repeat all day
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Taipei 101 sky scrapper
Gosh I can't imagine doing a job with those kinds of stakes, it's so impressive that people do this sort of work. Probably a little less stressful these days with 3D models and software and so on I suppose, it's crazy to think that back in the day people literally just had to rely on their on paper calculations for this stuff ALONE.
Talking to a student is one of the working definitions of Rubber Ducking, where you gain insight by explaining a problem to someone/something else. Programmers do it all the time. In this case, it saved God knows how many lives. It would have come straight out of a Godzilla movie.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I hate it when they're like "it can withstand an earthquake with magnitudes over 6.8!" Yet obviously not or they'd not say so in a plurality right! Guess the plurality is simply 6.8 and 6.9 and no more lol!
Ignoring the real danger of the situation, kinda hilarious to think about these guys having to do the welding (their normal job) but then ALSO put everything in the office back where it was so no one was the wiser.  Then there’s a secret monitoring facility a few blocks away, this is architects/engineers CIA 😂
Do you build and design buildings?
I could’ve told you it was a bad idea by looking at it, there’s no way people who live there weren’t talking about it before he ever realized.
28:43 How tf do you remember what happened in spring of 1978? Idk what i was doing in spring of 2024
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
YouTube is getting too comfortable with these ads😢 5 ads in one video
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Lost all credibility here...von dicko...age ...not enough...hes expert..lmao..
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
You just earned a new subscriber
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I can t stop smiling watching this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Biggest Church downgrade in history 💀
This gave me chills… in the best way
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Literally the first time I've ever been interested in an in video ad...  lol
1:37 that "old crumbling church looked magnificent but we can't have that because it would be complicated for the tower to be built so let's take some money, demolish the old one and build an ugliness that looks nothing like a church instead!
Insane to see a YouTube video about this, every ethics class I've taken in my civil engineering class talks about this guy, and every structural class uses him as an example to talk about why your calcs are important
Great video 🎉❤
Imagine saving $250k on this huge project. Typical corporate america
This seems like another case of a woman figuring sth out and not taking credit for it.
1:41 Dear god.
i wonder, does hugh stubbens his toe ever?
24th october, 2032 5:16 pm
Who else is here before this blows up
How many channels are gonna make a video about this shitty building?
Actually crazy
CITI never sleeps 😂
As I remember events, the fault was first discovered by a student,  not the original engineer. He may have agreed with it, and made the public announcement, but I don't think he found it first.
It looks a bit like "La Defense" in Paris.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Jesus Christ loves you
Math hurts my brain😂
Just Joking:  Illuminati at play
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
as an engineer i find his attitude unprofessional and dangerous. People should have been given warnings. they could decide whether or not they would risk their lives. he should have been prosecuted along with the ceo of citibank.
First of all, the original church design is beautiful & the new building looks like a thing some jackass built in Fortnite.   2nd, after seeing what has happened during the recent earthquakes in Thailand & Myanmar, THIS SKYCRAPER SHOULD NEVER BE ALLOWED IN THE FIRST F**KING PLACE.  That said, good on Bill LeMessurier for owning up & actually fixing this. Respect for people who gave a damn.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
11:39 lol, a possible disaster that almost happened, because the contractor wanted to save some money
This right here is why I'm not an engineer. Way too much pressure 😅
I love living in that place. So cool 😎
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Almost as dangerous as wtc 7. Can't believe they designed it to perfectly collapse if it had a few relatively weak fires spread across various floors
I can t stop smiling watching this
Haha i just mentioned it, and i was there awesome building 28:21
Greenburg....
pls use kN not tons
i can think of two other buildings…
8:35 Unfortunately, the Japanese beat Citicorp by many 100s of years. The Japanese have been using "TMD"s since before The US existed.
You've only got to look at it to know there's a potential issue.
it is the devil who influenced the thought of the architect and engineers etc
Pure talent. No words
That entire skyscraper full of people while they were making repairs is fukkd up
You would think with the stilts in the centre and quartering winds with taking out vertical supports, the biggest threat to that building would be twisting forces. I'm sure somebody has considered that :)
As cool as it might look, i would NEVER approve a column placement like that.  We should want buildings to last as long as possible.
thank god no other buildings ever fell in New York
I can't believe they destroyed that beautiful church and built that concrete monstrosity instead 😢
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I ve had this on repeat all day
By not putting the corner feet on the building it decreased the footing strength by 25%.😢 on a building that size you need all the strength you can get. It was a stupid design. If any building in New York goes down from high winds that's going to be the first one to go. They could still add three corners onto the bottom of it and it would considerably strengthening it up.But will they. Probably not because it would be expensive and the people that own it don't live there so they don't care if it falls.
99% Invisible did this. They interviewed the woman.
There is an hour long Channel 4 documentary made about this look it up.
I've seen that massive damper ball thing at the top of Taipei 101 in 2009.  at that time they let the public up to view it, not sure if they still do.
18:29 fighting against the wind literally
New York is a disaster😂
The new church is ugly, the new building is ugly and a dumb idea, and the old church looked fantastic.
The pastor f-ed up both church and a building itself.
Unpopular opinion, but I'd argue that the WTC were the most dangerous buildings in Manhattan I'll let myself out
Why nobody questions the contractor who saved half a million but sacrificed the integrity.  And the church too, ahh these religious beliefs and concept of gods. Crazy.
"Le Mezureeay" You know, google translate has a "say it for me" function!
The producer guys voice lacks the same gravitas. It doesnt fit for the style of veritasiums videos
Common sense...
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
So they saved 250k by bolting vs welding then spent 4 million to retro fit the welds. Sounds like trumpanomics
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
You just earned a new subscriber
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Its amazing they never checked and let him build it in the first place. It should never have been built to start. No quartering wind calculations??? So winds only blow in 4 directions???? Its craaaazy.. Instead of a reference it is a disgrace for the architects AND the city building authorities. We were just lucky his conscience got the better as it would have been swept under a rug..... it makes you wonder how safe the other buildings are in NYC??????..
We spend so much efforts building crazy towers that "defy" the laws of physics but for how long? They'll all just fall in time. And probably around the same time. Our descendants will have to deal with giant towers of steel, concrete and glass crumbling. As if they won't have enough already. It's not a coincidence only the pyramids still stand.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
On a different video, I was told that it was a woman architectural student who first pointed ot thi weakness. To this senior architect's credit, he listened to her concerns, looked into them, found she was right, and took appropriate action.  What would have happened if it wasn't for this student?
Wonderful and interesting story! Thank you
A post modern look on a church is pretty wild. Old cathedral churches look 1000% better.
Not only was this case a great example of a good engineering ethics, this case is a great lesson to ethics in general.  So much so that this was brought up by one of my professors. And i was a medical student in southeast asia
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
your premise is wrong, an architect is liable, so hes  incentivized to report any problems
This for sure reminds me of 101 building in Taiwan. Its just has much more awesome pendulum
Thank goodness Diane Hartley noticed the error! That's awesome!!
Dude from the angle of the thumb nail, why does that look like a whole ass buster sword
cybertruck ass church
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
"this old crumbling church.." *shows picture of beautiful gothic cathedral"  "with this new elegant design" *depressing ass concrete cube*
I blame the church, they were the petty ones! 😡
nice mob grinder
Bro, they destroyed that work of art and replaced it with a block. Wth is this soviet russia???
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I ve had this on repeat all day
the anonymous student probably an investigator from the future.
I ve had this on repeat all day
Want to hear the truth??? Coming from the union ironworker???? 20 bolts are more important than human life to the engineer and his boss who pays him. So they can save a buck. The end. Happens all the time. Some admit it and they can't get around it. All the rest of this is Canon fodder... Trying to save a man's "legacy"  I bet different company crews got on that job, then started working and walked away because it was dangerous. Happens all the time. And now this respectable YouTube channel got sucked into a big story of b*******. Sorry guys...
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Algorithm finally did something right
Great ethics you know, unless it had collapsed lol
Money rules our souls. Such crappy people. Can't wait for the earth to swallow us up into its belly.
But that would probably be the safest building in my hometown tho.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Is there a reason they dont just rotatae the buidling plan by 45 degree?
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
-rotate the design 45°- *build a potentially unstable building*
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
1:38  ...they couldn't have made the new church building at least half as beautiful as the old one?
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Now do the other two identical towers in NY that went down and number seven.
You just earned a new subscriber
LeMeasure twice, LeCut once.
Imagine replacing that beautiful church with that monstrosity.
The new church looks like a subway station. How sad, to lose such a beautiful building.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
From the very beginning the problem was the church. It imposed support beam limitations that should never have been accepted. Jesus Christ indeed
That "old crumbling gothic church" looked infinitely better than whatever they built after
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
10:51 Not “Willis tower”. Sears tower
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
It's ok the NYT has always been fake news, nobody would believe what it said.
people who knew nothing about the structure went behind him just to save money  effing the whole thing up in the process
I think there was an episode of Numb3rs inspired by this building. Only the people behind the building were less honest and killed the student who figured it out to try and keep it quiet.
Engineer fixing the architect mistake "again".🗿
And there had to replace this beautiful church with a concrete abomination ... that looks like a public toilet house
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
God
Manhattan is an example of good people with great minds. This is the reason why I have stood under these stilts with utter confidence.
Not even 2 minutes in and im already done...Yes I'm "that petty",  I'm autistic af
"Old crumbling gothic church" what a peculiar choice of words 🤔
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The right people got their money.
What an awesome video! As a non engineer I learned a ton and good on Bill for doing the right thing
Pure talent. No words
Wow i learned so much. Amazing
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Hello, Humans When you have doubts, you can silence them with positive thinking.  TERRANCE OUT
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Wooww let's gather here❤
I'm more scared of those super thin, super tall monstrosities popping up all over the place. The Citicorp building had its drama. Innovation and ethical lessons were learned. It is an iconic part of our skyline, and I'll let the dullards complain about the church. Change is change, deal with it.
Why can't they just turn the tower 45 degrees and keep the tilts normal？
So they only used 4 bolts? What happened to the safety ratio
31:36 And that's the kind of behavior that erodes trust. Mistakes happen. Abuse, mistakes, and other flaws are inevitable and 100% guaranteed. I am far more interested in how these incidents are handled and corrected. To me, a "perfect reputation" just means you are really good at sweeping things under the rug and dodging accountability. I would never do business with that firm solely because of their attempts to distance themselves from the incident. They did the right thing because that singular man forced their hand. That does not give me confidence they will do the right thing again  If that incident was a prominent part of their public history/story & there was clear public documentation on how the issue was identified, the response, and an analysis on how that is prevented in the future? I'd be thrilled to work with them.... because I know they are going to do a good job & if something does go wrong it will be taken care of ASAP
Love how that guy handled all of this ❤
i like how he says "they" when talking about his own architecture firm, every time "they" made a mistake.
Bravo, Veritasium team! Phenomenal video. And thank you for introducing me to LeMesseurier. A man of integrity and action.
Mid video Ads are annoying and this is what Premium is fore. So yeah sorry downvote.
Architect, make up plans for a skyscrapper...built on top of columns.
You know what they say; LeMeasure twice, build-a-tower once!
Pure talent. No words
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Dear Veritasium, I would love to know what happens in this story without having to watch the entire video necessarily. Thanks
Black people are scared of heights white people are not
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
more people should learn from this, everyone makes mistakes what's important is to own up to them and actually find ways to correct them BEFORE a disaster happens  alas, by the reactions of the companies interviewed it seems that lesson has not been learned
Pure talent. No words
I knew nothing about architecture but as i completed this video... i know much more.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
7:23 the graph would indicate it actually isn’t very light for its size? Or was it very light for its time? Confusing scatter plot.
Builders build building from top and when they came at basement building owner ran out of money so basement built with pillars only😂
LOT of people criticizing the church redesign and - I get it, those weird geometric churches are kinda dumb imo - but there's a 1000% chance that original church was built out of garbage wood and literally falling apart.
Yeah lets praise the "whistle blower" for telling exactly 0 members of the public about the safety issue, bc thats what a whistle blower does right?
Algorithm finally did something right
Are those dudes lovers?
0:10 does the skyscraper have a fatal flaw? Or a fatal floor? 😂
This was a really interesting video
If that damper is powered by electricity your just waiting for a power outage and a windy day.
This gave me chills… in the best way
The damper is not new
Love how everyone just laughs during the lecture where the designer openly admits to lying and how great it was to not have to tell the truth to the public. Yeah its so funny how massive conglomerate corporations and the government constantly lie to us about stuff that concerns our very safety, pretty much everyday, only to admit the truth some 30-50 years later. Thats so hilarious actually.
Ευχαριστούμε!
should have kept the original church. modern architecture is a sad joke.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Sounds like a typical contractor to me: “yeah we changed something from the plan, because moneys, without telling anyone”
that downgraded church made me cry
I don't think Russia did it. It doesn't benefit them any. It DOES benefit Ukraine.  That's who I think did it.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
1000 other blocks of old tenements for sale... citibank created this problem
i have a horrible attention span, and this is one of the only channels that will get me to sit and watch a video longer than 10 minutes long.  it makes me wonder if my attention span is truly as bad as i think it is, or if modern media is just too geared towards instant gratification and short form content.  thanks for another amazing video. i appreciate all of your teams hard work.
These calculations are incorrect
It definitely didn't have a 100% chance of collapse sorry.
If they had made these design choices in order to preserve the original church building, I could understand. But to make all of these compromises just to preserve that hideous, modernist monstrosity of a church? Yikes!
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
pls make a viedeo on burj khalifa
In the old days, engineers accepted material defects and human error and materials deteriorating with age in a simple process...We called it "the fudge factor" Here is how it works: Figure out what will work at a minimum..then double it...then add 50% more, just to be sure.  A good example of this was WW2 US submarines. Test depth was 350 ft, crush depth was estimated to be 500 ft. Several submarines are known to have survived 800+ft dives.
when I heard bolts I instantly thought "shearing." a bolt can't handle as much shear as a well-done weld
I ve had this on repeat all day
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
OK, I'm agnostic, but maybe it's because I'm English.  That's not a bloody church. That's an upside-down Ice Pop.
Just wow. Dude had so much integrity!
This would make for an amazing Michael Mann movie.
Damn the church they built to replace the original looks like an abomination 🤦‍♂️. I'm done watching this shyte
Swapping a bautiful Gothic church for a modern eyesore
😂 0:39 so standing longer than the twin towers and building 7 🤔
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I wonder if they could have pulled this off with post-tension decking rather than what I'm assuming was just slab on metal deck.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Modern churches around the world really do suck.
0:56 didn’t a girl tell her about it?
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Algorithm finally did something right
4 Bolts 😂
Lol, "Hurricane Ella veared off and hit Canada with 225 Km/h winds. Meanwhile, LaMeasure woke up the next day describing it the most beautiful day that the world has ever seen."
Yeah I'm really glad they got rid of that old crumbling Gothic church and replaced it with an architectural insult to God and man.  This was cursed from the start.
Why we need universities, case study.
the scariest building i see everyday is that skinny tower on park ave. always makes me nervous lmao
ahh yes, the cutting edge design of stacking a massive structure on a few chopsticks
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
How on earth the day a skyscraper needs to go down? I seen when they blow up such once in a middle of any other healthy skyscrapers, protected ofc and such & a really deep controlled demolishing boom! :)  And most of it wen on well, things gets repered all around & workers collect the junk & rebuild a new one.  But I´m wondering.. How to take down those absolutely the widest and longest one & those whom actually really standing close to all other so near one another?  Do they, or would the workers de construct some of the weight & material from TOP down before they use some TNT for the rest?  It´s scary & fascinating at the same time! :)  Thank you for this amazing episode. You are all remarkable people.  BR AN.
Hugh Stubbin: "Let's make the job harder for you by removing a corner column" LeMeasurier: 'How about I make it harder for myself by removing all corners?"
Yeah lets get rid of the "old crumbling gothic architecture" for what looks like an ugly f*cking prison. Disgusting that they replaced that beautiful architecture with a grey slab of crap.
When will Fauci come clean??? Never.
I physically recoiled at the fact that they tore down that marvel of architecture church for the ugliest black box I've ever seen.  Whoever designed that thing needs to rethink their career choices.   Get out the flup out with all this minimalist surrealist black box architecture. Bring back good architecture.
As a child, I wanted to be an architect. But I was never smart enough. I’m an operating room registered nurse now, but this scratched itching y brain I kinda wish I had followed.
Spider-Man will save the new yorkers
26:40 That is too fascinating, as hurricane Erin also did exact same on 9/11. Hmmmmmmmmmmmmm..... Which means that they had space weaponry way back in 1978 to affect weather events.  Interesting!
This gave me chills… in the best way
So they destroyed a Gothic church?!!! 😮 and build a defective structure? That’s a horrible building 😢
This story reminds me a lot of the song Philip the Engineer by JR JR.
The designer didn't find his own mistake. An engineering student named Diane Hartley discovered the flaw and contacted the designer who shot her down at every discussion point and initially lied to save his reputation. Shame on you @veritasium for not mentioning who actually found the calculation mistake and portraying the designer as heroic.
1978? Meanwhile in Cambodia...
Thank you for terrific video about the horrific case
so the idiot who called the shots on building the thing; is now the same guy who is going to fix it
Don't build high buildings.
It's really frustrating when creators, knowing most of their audience is in the US, refuses to show US units. We get it, you want everything to be metric. Congratulations, you're very special for that. Now can we have some respect for the viewers? Funny thing is whoever did the graphics for 26:40 missed the memo 🤣
Oh.....so your producer revealed the answer to my question. Yes....gay.
While his integrity is.comemdable, I'd love to.say the people that for or with him were too. Denying a chance to say your peace and final word is shady.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Why do you have so many bot comments posting the same generic messages on this video?
I can t stop smiling watching this
What straight guy willingly wears a belly shirt? Just saying.
Who else is here before this blows up
I'm confused why citicorp had to pay for the repairs rather than the designers. If the bloke truly did feel responsibility for the situation, shouldn't that extend to the finances?
We haven’t learnt from 9-11 I see
The common Stone disappoint me how many people barely got 2 minutes into the video and are pissed off about them destroying that nice ass Church
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I don't trust ppl who say they can't imagine something.
Algorithm finally did something right
He made the building lime a JENGA TOWER!!!
Bring back old gothic churches and I might go to church
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I always knew that building was weird. I never knew this till now, but walking by it, you always felt off by it.
27:35 And nobody bothered to tell NYC that since 1978, the NYC building codes did NOT require quartering wind calculations. Huh, it's almost like those "white lies" line is morally wrong!
In the early 80's there was a similar engineering oversight at a Hotel in Kansas City. A suspended walkway was hung several up in the lobby. Someone made a small alteration to the blueprints for Ease of construction that made weight meant to be dispersed on several different connections, now have only a single load bearing point. It collapsed during an event killing hundreds. It's the KC Hyatt tragedy
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
22:46 OH NOES NOT THE NEW YORK TIMES! (The same engineers completely ignored the other papers, tho...)
Who cares
So much for "NYC's ticking time bomb" thumbnail.
Great taller and slimmer skyscraper, that is what we need. Shame the TMD doesn't solve the problem of skyscrapers being fundamentally useless wastes of time and money that have exactly one use case; the most overt, sad version of overcompensation. Love the video though and the story but I just had to be a little salty.
The student should have gotten credit for sounding the alarm
@10:50, WTF is Willis Tower??
This is like playing Jenga
I used to work across the street from this building
Who tf thought it was a good idea to let this man design a building like that
Who else is here before this blows up
Think about all the other problems  they dont tell us about so we don't panick.this is just  one building. Not.all the other things out there
And this is how designers should design...Maybe here in India we can learn something...Here small snd simple bridges collapse on their own..😅
Doing all this to save a stupid church is beyond believe!!  Human stupidity is underrated!!!
The Qube in Vancouver, BC, Canada?
That old church was so much better.
w
Once again, capitalists tear down beautiful historical architecture, and replace it with a death trap that would barely survive as is, but they still insist on half assing it.
I read long ago that Diane Hartly a Princeton engineering student was the one who did the math and discovered the building was vulnerable to quartering winds and alerted the engineer to this, he didn’t just discover it on his own. I remembered reading about this so I googled it to make sure my memory wasn’t playing tricks on me and google agrees with me.
Pure talent. No words
Just saw a TMD at the top of the Canton Tower, China.  Didn't know what it was.  Thanks for the detailed explanation!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Algorithm finally did something right
Interesting. I know the $4-5 million in 1978 was a lot higher in value than comparable cost today, but it's a small price to pay to keep your skyscraper up. It is a big oversight, however, that they didn't consider oblique wind loads initially. Of course they did the right thing to retrofit the building, and to plan for emergency situations.
nyc is just a city of joke
Great video
One of The Best Veritasium videos!
Didn't they test
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
proof of time travel
TL;DR: The contractor changed from using welded joints to bolted joints which were much weaker in order to save money without his knowledge or permission. Went he found out he took full responsibility and his firm paid to have it fixed even though they were legally in the clear. The problem was fixed very quickly and the risk was ultimately quite small. There is a ton of misinformation floating around the internet about this case and every video I've seen about it gets at least part of that wrong. I'm not wasting half an hour to find out if this one also does. Seems like a safe enough bet based on the misleading title.
Did this guy just say that it was "the first time in history that architects decided to make the building more difficult to design and construct"? I would think that someone with some expertise in the field would have been aware of Venice. Obviously there are a seemingly endless other examples of this concept at work All over the world. Using Venice as an example was to illustrate that not only has it been done before, but done centuries ago
Pure talent. No words
Wow that half-hour flew by!
110 km/h? The building is in the U.S.A
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I can t stop smiling watching this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
How is this even approved at the planning stages. What are you just drawing on in etch-n- sketch and turn it in and get your permits
Such garbage, it was discovered by a student
… just build somewhere ELSE! GD 😈psychopaths👿 always needing to “win”!
Wow
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
You just earned a new subscriber
1:36-1:41 a tragedy in five seconds
Imagine walking the centuries old cathedral and telling someone that devoted their eternal soul to God, that his place of worship and service is janky because its old and kinda ghetto, but if you sell us this sacred ground, they would build a new one that is much nicer? I would find it difficult to remain nonviolent
Wow that church was amazing! WAS... Amazing. Wow how we have fallen. That ugly dome thing is what they got? Yuck
I'm not an architect and I think this design was a terrible idea.
Its so nice that everyone was having a positive attitude towards the repairs. Sometimes these gets end up in unnecessary things like lawsuits and bad publicity.  Kudos to everyone.
E corp
Is his name really lemeasure?
The new church is absolutely horrible. What a travesty. So sad😢😢😢
that is one seriously ugly church.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Pure talent. No words
*me who has no idea what they’re talking about*  You idiots how could yall make such an obvious mistake!?
Moron says Old crumbling Gothic church.😅
Loved the video. Keep going working on more engineering videos like this one please!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
9:54 If the pendulum gets out of tune the building gets catapulted.
I ve had this on repeat all day
How could "his people" unilaterally decide to switch from welds to bolts without telling him?
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Algorithm finally did something right
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Great video!  I'd love to see something similar about the Hyatt Regency Walkway collapse.
I hope people are watching to see if a guy like Silverstein takes out a huge insurance policy on the building.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Algorithm finally did something right
I don't know how the church could agree to that design... but then again its catholic🤨
Church was making lots of money in that place, they couldn't move!!!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
That new church is ugly!!  Who would want that bizarre ugly church??  As for that building, there are those shapes at the top of the US Bank building...
nice mob grinder bro
Why are we destroying beautiful gothic churches?
Why did I randomly see a video on this a few months ago about a student accidentally helping LeMessurier realize all this, and now this video.  Why suddenly make a video about this. 🤔
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
not the best mesure from "Le Messurier"
oh the ethics... meanwhile despots around the globe are enjoying their palaces while their people get murdered en masse.
I respect the engineer. He was a man of integrity and humanity. Watching him teach integrity and humanity was even better.
He wasn't "risking" professional ruin and panic. He very much knew that it was going to 100% certainly result in professional ruin for himself, and that it would kick off a firestorm that would embroil his colleagues and employer into a lengthy and costly investigation and legal proceedings that would be a Nexus point in his career, and probably his life. He had to know that it would ripple out affecting loved ones in ways that he was smart enough to understand would have consequences that he couldn't understand at the time. Kinda reminds me of the officials that investigated Chernobyl. They knew that people would have their lives and careers destroyed, but the enormity of the situation meant those consequences needed to happen. Dude is pure courage
Algorithm finally did something right
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I can't help but note that the original title of this video was very quickly changed. Lawyers, much?
I'm shocked that man was allowed to spend so much time looking into a building that was finished.
can't believe that beautiful Catholic church was replaced with this modernist shell of its former self
they should also have considered the cases for aeroplanes...
why cant you just make a normal f**** building
Note how they came in the night and tore down the walls, welded a bandaid on and had the room clean the next morning!!!!!!This is how WTC 1 and 2 could have been wired for demo! Project Serene could have been used as a basis for bringing down the towers.
Framing this as "how was this allowed" is the wrong question. There was a mistake, but never an opportunity for a minimum wage/minimum skill government employee to help fix it, therefore, it should reasonably be outside their purview.  The government is not your mother.
24:24 "You don't want to spread terror in the community to people who don't need to be terrorized." I think Donals Trump needs to live more by this. Actually, I think his terrorizing of his own country to influence the stock and bond markets should be more closely scrutinized. I'm sure there were clear winners in the sell-off and rebound that are close to Trump, if not Trump himself.
8:03 who's iron man?
This will not happen again in the coming AI era ✌️
I ve had this on repeat all day
The base of that building always gave me the creeps
A student has nothing to lose and no reputation to protect, and can get away with asking 'dumb questions' to the wise, experienced, all-knowing senior structural engineer.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
LeMessurrier once cut twice
I can t stop smiling watching this
the original video featuring LeMessurier does a more detailed job explaining things from the first person.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Retied architect here. There's an old saying in structural engineering:  "If it don't look right, it aunt right."  That building never looked right to me - and one of my architecture school professors worked on it. He was a jerk too lol...`
As an urban planner in the UK, the destruction of a beautiful church for what could be a contemporary Starbucks is everything I hate about the 50s-80s brutalist/post-modern movement!
Pure talent. No words
1. 1:35 downgrade ngl 2. 25:12 Wait, what happened? Xd
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
21:21 So, knowing how catastrophic it would be to have this skyscraper topple, possibly knocking over other buildings like dominoes and creating a line of destruction in its wake, how incredibly lucky is it that on September 11, 2001 two skyscrapers and one other building did not topple, but miraculously collapsed straight down, purely by chance, not toppling or crushing scores of other buildings? What are the odds of this happening purely by chance?
28:10, designed for winds, but bloody excellent against the frequent earthquakes Japan incurs.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Why are you using green dot aviations music?
What a horribly ugly church, they tore down a beautiful one too.
Crazy that an undergrad thought of this mistake. Even crazier is how the these top engineers overlooked and assumed it was alright.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Unsubscribing since you're clearly outsourcing this channel
Taipei 101 is rather special as it's using TMD with public access. It's crazy to see it move during high wind days.
Thank you for the great content!
Bring back gothic churches qnd remove jenga buildings
F probability 👎 The probability of this whole f'n "life on planet Errrrth" thing is as close to zero as you can get.     We're still here despite that. F'n probability ain't certainty of 💩
Pure talent. No words
CityCorpse center.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Why are you doing measurements in KMPH in the United States? Knock that off, MPH is OUR measurement, use it correctly!!!!
I ve had this on repeat all day
It's amazing how quickly infrastructure in NY can be moved along when a lot of money and lives are involved.
Is this video using AI art? I noticed the scenes of LeMessurier's office the clock text looks very weird for some reason (specifically I saw at 24:54 but it's elsewhere as well). Could just be artistic choice but I want to be sure
This gave me chills… in the best way
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
World best engineers rotate the geometry of pillars. Also world best engineers: forget to calculate wind force from a rotated perspective.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
You just earned a new subscriber
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This problem was so obvious, It baffles that it ever came off paper
LeMessurier did not make the mistake , it was the contractors that did not weld the beams as the plans called for
1:38 that beautiful church was way better then anything they out there today. Youre ridiculous saying it was old crumbling. Old isnt always bad
Total BS that they didn't inform the public of the risks. Their assumption was that people would not understand what a "1 in 100 year storm" was, or similar. Basically, assuming people are too stupid to be given information which could heavily inform their own lives.  As it turns out, those 100 blocks of people were hours away from having their entire lives upended, without any warning at all except for police knocking on their door and forcing their evacuation. The hurricane happened to have changed course... and the takeaway is: "See! The ends justify the means! It all worked out :)"  Sure, they saved people from possible panic, but for me it's at the expense of seeing just how little I should trust the government to actually look out for me. Instead, it's quite clear they will assume I'm an idiot, and that they are more interesting in covering their own butts.  On top of that, the actual lesson (do quartering wind calcs) was not codified as regulation until after the secret was let out nearly TWO DECADES later. What a joke!
Apparently, the problem was not discovered by LeMesurier, but an engineering student, during a class project.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
What a disappointing clickbait title for this channel.The building as designed is safe. The 99% Invisible podcast on the Citibank tower is where I'd start.
This gave me chills… in the best way
I should be asleep but this is too interesting, great video thanks
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Wish they would have kept the old church.
brilliant
Pure talent. No words
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
The fact that they replaced that beautiful gothic church with that POS is devastating dude.  Wow what a downgrade.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Loved the content, keep it coming!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
22:50 “So Citicorp's chairman immediately called AT&T's president and the lines were installed the next morning.” Somehow that impressed me. Everyone involved understood the urgency of the situation.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
god for bid this falls. they’ll be like well they showed it was the most dangerous building so it was bound to happen.
Gothic church should have stayed
Why does this feel like a reupload?
You just earned a new subscriber
3:23   *Omigosh*   I've been in construction for over 25 years, and architects 'designing' things on the back of a napkin is one of my worst nightmares.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
The beautiful Gothic Christian church 😢. Then we get "go ahead, enjoy your religion pod."
Pure talent. No words
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
You just earned a new subscriber
This made me think, if they were able to make these secret repairs so quickly and so secretly back in '78...Could someone just as easily sabotage a buildings' integrity just as easily?  There were a lot of reports of this very thing happening in the WTC.
Booo Ai
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Of all the important lessons of this, there's also the lesson that the news media would have made this entire problem worse, not better.  I'm sure LeMessurier didn't need his focus diverted in any way from the task of actually solving the problem.
Algorithm finally did something right
Somebody do a story on why they decided to make the church so incredibly unremarkable looking
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Pure talent. No words
This gave me chills… in the best way
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This gave me chills… in the best way
Yeah like I want to work in that building. No driving into a bridge abutment would not be the end. It is appointed to man once to die and then the JUDGMENT. oh no you people that think that death is the end are GUESSING. And you guess WRONG and deep down you  know it. You have talked yourself into believing the LIE of evolution.
Excellent video.  Excellent clarity on the structural forces in the building. CLARITY. I have seen messy video on this matter.
"the old crumbling gothic church" was beautiful and should have been restored instead of that monstrosity they built.
I’m going to check the poles on my camping tent. I may have to add some bracing
Can be sure Trump wouldn't have said a damn thing.
Algorithm finally did something right
Pure talent. No words
Sadly only works if your device is eSIM compatible. Pity their add does not include this detail.
The idea of using counterweights to control building movement had been used for a long time specially in Japan, if I'm not mistaking a large wooden beam pendulum is used in the To-ji Shingon Japanese shrine, it is designed to counterweight the effects of earthquakes. On another hand I cannot imagine an architect designing such a large building who does not check on the construction as it is going on, you come to think it would be written in his contract that he is to be notified of any changes to be made to his engineering designs.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
W.W.1 and 2 destroyed architecture worldwide that resembled this gothic church.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
This gave me chills… in the best way
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
"White lies at this point are entirely moral." Were I one of the people who worked in that building every day I would've liked to know. If a freak wind storm came up and blew it down, there would be disaster documentaries today explaining how they should've evacuated the area until the building was fixed. Good on him and his team for fixing it, but they still gambled.
Lemessurier didn't discover the flaw in his building as you claim in the first 7 seconds of the video but an engineering student  Diane Hartley. Your research is weak at best
I learned about TMDs in high school! I went through 3 years of Engineering Classes and we were supposed to make a model skyscraper and use a shake table in an experiment to try to make an “earthquake proof” building. Unfortunately the project was cut short by Covid, so I never got to actually build my skyscraper, however, we still learned a lot about TMDs!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
it's a really depressing building inside
I ve had this on repeat all day
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Yes but how does the principle of action factor in
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Wasn’t the engineering student a lady? Diane Hartley from Princeton.
You just earned a new subscriber
That's the problem when building too big. Cities are ruined by big buildings
I ve had this on repeat all day
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I will NEVER understand why people want to live in a skyscraper
Wait, let me get this straight. This guy's name is LeMessurier, but his measurements were off.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I can t stop smiling watching this
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
all Modern architects are so horrible.. they tore down a truly beautiful church to build something disgusting and boring with. It’s only unique feature being that it’s inproperly supported.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This was very informative, appreciate it.
I like these types of videos from you. Can you do more like this?
You just earned a new subscriber
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
You just earned a new subscriber
Just from the naked 👀, the base of the structure doesn't look stable..IJS🤷🏿‍♂️
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Yes, that’s what people in New York. Worry about the most. Hurricane season! Just a little stupidity thrown in with a few facts. 😂
Yes, that’s what people in New York. Worry about the most. Hurricane season! Just a little stupidity thrown in with a few facts. 😂
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I can t stop smiling watching this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
All this because of a church didn’t want to relocate with millions of dollars of profit
Attending Art & Design H.S., freinds and I would eat at the building's food court every day, in the mid-90s. At first glance, I found the buidling odd, yet skeptical under that open space.
Don’t get left behind — Flixy 5 is just getting started.
Sorry, but I don't believe LeMessurier didn't know the structure was bolted, not welded... And he only assume it publicly when he could not hide it anymore. The whole "secret operation" was clearly devised to save his face. This dude lacked safety, knowledge and guts, because he only owned it when caught.
Flixy 5 is making big moves quietly — real heads are watching.
FLIXY5 looks like a coin with a longer-term vision, which is rare in this space.
You lost me with your snotty and snide "Crumbling Church".
The Flixy5 Network drop is flying under radar, but not for long.
It’s not hype — Flixy5 is gaining real traction across channels.
Time’s running out for the Flixy5 FLX presale — be early or be late. 🕛💣
There was a newspaper strike that caused the media to be hush as they repaired it in the middle of the night with bandaid bolted metal. The reason is because they did not use the correct bolts. They took the liberty of a well adopted substitute that was not in the spec and no good for this application. Learned this from an engineer who taught a Fortran 77 class.
They took down a beautiful Gothic church and built a Tron temple in its place. I know the church is more the people than the building, but come on.
12:05 I love how he has his phone on markers
Very well done, appreciate this video!
what a great video!!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I can t stop smiling watching this
Remember being taught about this in engineering school in the 1990s. Must have just come out at that time.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Stop using metric. The overwhelming majority of your subscribers THINK in imperial units.
Wow, just wow.. this is for movie.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
You just earned a new subscriber
winds of "just" 120 km..in a city
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I remember watching a show on Discovery channel show that mentioned this building and its flaw and how they rewelded the chevrons. Nice to see that others can learn about it too.
Who paid for that fix?
Been to the 57th floor many times; great view...
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
That new church looks horrible
10:40 he could have saved even more $$ if he took out the walls and let the wind blow through it
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Even to NYC you're not traveling?! What's up with that, Derek?!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
You just earned a new subscriber
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This gave me chills… in the best way
You just earned a new subscriber
Amazing content as always!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This video stressed me out so much 😂
Who else is here before this blows up
It makes you wonder what terrorists like Al-Qaeda did in terms of research.    And it makes you wonder a little bit in terms of the original design of the World Trade Center. And the off chance that somebody had asked the same question regarding that pair of buildings.  And it makes you think aloud, did they take that 30th floor issue into consideration as they were evaluating potential targets... and what future terrorists would do based on existing design flaws.  Literally the largest failure in history was avoided by one simple phone call. Amazing history
big coat tree
If you find this building fascinating, check out the Rainier Tower in Seattle, aka the "golf tee" building or "beaver" building. It's terrifying to drive under. I'm sure there's a far less interesting story behind it, but I'd be curious to know the logic behind its design.
Pure talent. No words
Personally, I think the real tragedy of this is the demolition of the 1903 gothic church building in order to build this modernist monstrosity.
Yay! Veritasium is using short term solutions, for networking. I applaud that! But, please, start acknowledging that they’re short term. Otherwise, you’re no better than anyone else
This is one interesting movie plot
I can’t believe they didn’t tell the undergrad student as soon as they did
People have said that the ones in the building and surrounding areas should have been informed so they could make a decision whether they want to continue to stay there or leave, butt since people love to panic and try to cancel everything that they think is even slightly off, that would have likely just added complications and delays to the repairs and caused more of an issue in the long term then just keeping everyone quiet so they could actually fix the thing and prevent a catastrophe. I feel like they did the right thing at the end of the day
I know there are codes restricting the orientation of buildings in most cities, but I'm curious why they didn't just rotate the skyscraper 45 degrees and keep the stilts on the corners
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
What a remarkable story. With today's political turmoil it's refreshing to hear such ethnical and moral courage for the safety of others. WOW.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Who else is here before this blows up
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This gave me chills… in the best way
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Ohhhhhhh. So the stupid architecture was a result of forcing things and of course tearing down the church. Literally a lesson for our country.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Fake news! An student doing her thesis discovered the error
I ve had this on repeat all day
Who else is here before this blows up
I ve had this on repeat all day
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I can t stop smiling watching this
@6:54 The Ryder box truck sitting right outside the building 😳
This was super helpful, thanks!
Pure talent. No words
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I ve had this on repeat all day
Wasn't it an architecture or engineering STUDENT  who warned for those rare but still dangerous vibrations caused by strong wind?
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This gave me chills… in the best way
the greatest mistake here was razing that beautiful church for what looks like a dystopian cult building
Algorithm finally did something right
I can t stop smiling watching this
Algorithm finally did something right
They replaced an amazing historical church with a style-free building 😂
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
@0.54 Why does the building look like a Norelco electric shaver ?
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Algorithm finally did something right
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Algorithm finally did something right
I can t stop smiling watching this
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
What a dumb design.....
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
you didn t give the student enough credit, not at all
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This gave me chills… in the best way
This was very informative, appreciate it.
You just earned a new subscriber
People all over You Tube have already covered this building Veritasium. 💤  😴
Pure talent. No words
Wait, that thing next to the building has always been a church?
they destroyed an awesome looking church to build THIS? What a shame...
Who else is here before this blows up
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
They knew the risk, yet decided to gamble with people's lives by not warning anybody and moving them to safer temporary areas.
I’m a welder I can only imagine how much they got paid for such an important rush job !
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
many buildings have collapsed in whole or in part. I wonder how many of these collapses had an engineer who did not come forward like LeMessurier did.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
He did the right things by correcting his mistake. Just think of how many have kept their mouths shut and never corrected their mistakes?
You just earned a new subscriber
No, just no. STOP IT EBUTUOY! I don't like this content!
1:38 that beautiful gothic church does not look to be crumbling
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
You just earned a new subscriber
"only 110 kph" thats still fast wdymmm
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
That old Gothic church was beautiful
Nobody asked bro
I think we might need to think through a system that helps take the edge off for self-reporting mistakes. If nothing has changed since and structural engineers are supposed to just do the right thing even though it could end their career and livelihoods, that's not going to result in most people coming forward. You shouldn't have to be a freaking saint in order to report a mistake. I'm open to ideas like having insurance so that if structural repairs need to be made to correct it, that's accounted for before the project even begins financially or whatever. But trusting the average person to do the right thing isn't exactly realistic. Even a good person would have a hard time coming forward with so much on the line. .
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I don’t process things well enough to hold that position. Good on him that he processed it superbly. RIP, sir…❤
the putrid AI slop in this video makes it unwatchable
I can't believe how horrific that new church looks, modern architecture is so ugly
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I can t stop smiling watching this
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
A certain mockumentary show has completely ruined my English.  I can only read it as "Man-a-hatt-an"...
I bet LeMessurier is the one who was pronouncing his name like that, but the fact that he can't pronounce his own name takes me out of this video so hard. It's actually awful. It's like having the name Washington and then just pronouncing it Washing
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
You just earned a new subscriber
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Great way to end the video. "You must do something."
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
I can t stop smiling watching this
This gave me chills… in the best way
Rip that amazing Gothic Church architecture
It is an amazing story, but skyscrapers are unnecessary and ugly ranyway. They look good in the movies and pictures, but just make city environment hostile.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Who else is here before this blows up
I think this is the perfect example when someone willing to own up to one’s mistake.  He should be praised for that.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
It doesn't take a structural engineer to see that this building was a horrible idea.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
I can t stop smiling watching this
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
They used that diagonal bracing on 270 park ave as well.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
At virtually the same time, 3,000 miles away in Seattle, in the earthquake prone Northwest, the much more impressive Rainier Building was being built, without any stilts.
15:20: "It would be a miracle if they thought about the diagonal winds"  Ummm, what?  That's asinine if they don't think about that!  Obviously winds can come from any direction!
I ve had this on repeat all day
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I lost fain in this channel after they praised Elon musk as a genius
You’re clearly paying for comments.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
bravo
I can’t get over the fact that they replaced a beautiful Gothic church with an oversized Lego block. Biggest downgrade ever
As an aspiring structural engineer. This is great information and a neat presentation style.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Tragic they had to destroy a gorgeous Gothic piece of structural artistry for some brutalist concrete cube.  Absolutely disgusting.  Brutalism truly must be declared a crime against all mankind.
Vsauce looks super nervous in the animations
The destruction of the old church and the designed of the new church is one of the reasons why the world is the way it is today.
22:29 - What was 8 blocks going to do except give them a view from which to watch the potential carnage they refused to warn occupants about.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
f__king churches.  All the rights, none of the taxation.
It's irony that the Japanese call him the father of the tuned mass dampener.  The Japanese were the father of the un-tuned mass dampener.  Their clay tiled roof systems are essentially too heavy for an earthquake to get moving.  The wood support columns move underneath the roof, while the roof system stays stationary.  Because of the flexibility of the wood the ground dances underneath without affecting above.
Moral of the story, don’t be cheap.
The 60s, of course. That's why they bulldozed a beautiful building with character. The peak of the car dystopian age.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Amazing with some bribes can get for you
I can t stop smiling watching this
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
3:33 I don't think those are called chevrons 🤔🤔
It looks like Lord Buisnesses tower💔🥀
You can say the building is Not Safe For Work
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
You can say the building is NSFW
I will be taking my Mechanics 1 exam in a couple weeks for my civil engineering degree, in Norway. We use opposite color coding for compression and tension because a beam bends when compressed, thus using red. It has more and more relevance depending on the matieral used, ofcourse.
GOOD oval sd or ssd Card video really turkey leg Enginer Givaway foe unsidal mach
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The first mistake was destroying the church a historical monument for office space
Good on him for realizing public safety trumps EGO but not corporate brand.
I ve had this on repeat all day
There’s no cable connecting the phone handset to the phone itself. No wonder he was uncertain he could not hear the other guy. See 13:38
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Lying to people, even via omission, about their safety is never moral. So many evils are permitted under the guise of ‘managing panic’. Sure, as groups we’re irrational and crazy, but a free society should be structured so as to allow us to manage our own risks.  While taking every action to rectify a mistake is clearly moral, not telling those people who’s lives may be in danger and maintaining a secret evacuation plan is not.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
The fact that he didn't make a public statement after the repairs is negligent. The building code could've been updated decades earlier if he had done so.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
You just earned a new subscriber
You just earned a new subscriber
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Algorithm finally did something right
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Thought it was the I-4 eye sore in Orlando Florida
Fascinating! I thought that building looked a bit precarious.
So we’re not going to acknowledge Diane Hartley’s role in this or did she not have an impact in discovering this flaw in the design
This case is fascinating on so many levels. Not only is it a first-class example of what true integrity represents, it's also a story of how we are ever expanding our collective mathematical understanding of the world we live in vs the world we design.   About how ingenuity and progression can be born from miscalculation, which in a sense shows that even failure can play an essential role within progress.   It's a story about people calmly & methodically finding & implementing solutions during impending crisis, as well as the real power of teamwork.  TLDR: Humankind sure can accomplish amazingly beneficial things when we're not off on a sidequest destroying and oppressing our species.
You just earned a new subscriber
Nyc is traaaaash
Who else is here before this blows up
This gave me chills… in the best way
Pure talent. No words
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This was super helpful, thanks!
This was super helpful, thanks!
Traditional Japanese Pagodas use a detached central column as a mass dampener for earthquake resistance, plus several other kinds of movement dampeners, don't they?
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
In conclusion... don't try to cut corners in costs on a building that doesn't have corners to lean on.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
It’s a Democratic run city, of course that building was approved. They don’t care about anyone’s lives, they only care about money.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This is the type of mistake that you want engineers to own up to. I would hope all engineers take an oath to uphold the safety of everyone. Peoples lives are at stake and if there is a problem that is discovered it MUST be addressed as soon as possible. For an engineer to not act and cause hundreds or thousands to die would be worse than any terrorist attack. This building could have killed many thousands of people had LeMessurier not owned up to it and done the right thing. He saved countless lives and was one of the most brave people to do it.
You just earned a new subscriber
I can t stop smiling watching this
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
I'm glad the designers weren't at fault. The builders had good intentions and might have not known better; so it is a shame that the replacement for fasteners from welds was greenlit without a thorough review.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Who else is here before this blows up
Pure talent. No words
penis is farted send assistance penis = farted forgive me jesus
Building Planner: “I’m impressed with the great job you did building this skyscraper, but if I may ask where did you get the extra building materials to make this skyscraper soo tall?”  Builder’s: “Oh you know when we ran out of materials to build the last few floors we decided to go take some materials out from the bottom of the building, ..& just put them on the top!”  Building Planner: “Hmm.. WAIT WHAT?!”  *BUILDING SPONTANEOUSLY COLLAPSES!* 😂
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
21:55 everyone knows deep down that they would what to see this
You just earned a new subscriber
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Dealin with a mistake is what separates the regulars from the great. Sweeping a mistake under the rug and hoping for the best is easy, but it is not a strategy, it is cowardliness.
"I make one phone call, you'll have no trouble getting through immigration" Inception
Conspiracies or plain old advertising. Great multi year production ad to get people into architecture.  George is getting upset!!
they replaced a beautiful gothic church with an ugly piece of concrete. how cringe.  I wonder how much the bribe to the church was to get that approoved
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Great example of how engineering differs just math and science. Thanks team!
Imagine if they had just built a regular skyscraper with one corner clipped off to make room for the church...
Algorithm finally did something right
Diane Hartley, a student at Princeton discovered the flaw and "asked" LeMessier to explain how the building was structurally sound when her calculations said it wasn't. LeMessier is lauded as a hero who risked his career to save lives. He made the mistake, lied about being the only man who knew about it, no one caught the arithmetic error, the building was completed and occupied, a student noticed the problem and notified LeMessier. He blew her off and had it repaired in secret and then hid the "life saving" information long enough that it would do little to no damage to his career.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
"Citycorp" sounds like some movie villain
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Algorithm finally did something right
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
My dad worked on this project, believe it or not. He was an operating engineer, also know as a heavy equipment operator.
I don't get how LeMessurier is treated in this story like a very decent guy, hero even. He made a mistake that could have cost thousands of lives, and instead of fixing it ASAP, he tries to fix it silently and covers it up - that way taking the very real risk of disaster striking.
0:07 He didn't "discover" anything, he merely verified conclusions others came to first, but only after initially dismissing and deriding them. 0:31 "the only man in the world who knew this". Even though these people saved his ass he still downplayed their significance. The only reason catastrophe was averted was because he _wasn't_ the only person who knew it.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
In my Intro to Mechanical Engineering class, we had to do a project about the ethics of this, and what exactly was unethical here.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
This gave me chills… in the best way
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Who else is here before this blows up
You just earned a new subscriber
Well at 2:36 life is already hard enough the job was to be another day of a new challenge to walk around.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Scientist
And today, are there computer simulations that can accurately design and predict weakness of the buildings?
14:00 There's nothing strange about this, your corners are where the building's feet are. They even take the exemple of a chair saying it wouldn't be stable with feet at the middle each face... Yes it would, it would still have 4 equaly spaced feet. 15:18 "It would be a miracle if they thought about the diagonal wind"... Well, since it was not diagonal wind,  but just good old straight on wind on the actual real faces of the building... No, they were just bad engineers.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Pathetic. This is further damning evidence that civil structural Engineers are the lowest rung of Engineers. Any proper Engineer would have considered the worst load case scenarios and dealt with them. Civils just pump the numbers according to the current code.
The truth is better than anything else, doesn’t matter if people panic.
Short version - Move supports into center of sides, in effect building a wider building on top of a smaller building support system, and don't check it or consider it during revisions. The whole thing was a f'ing disgrace.  They recklessly endangered everyone for blocks around to save their reputations and bank accounts. Everyone should have been informed of the issue and portions of the building shut down as needed to do repairs 24 hours a day.  That they continued to hide the details for decades afterward is even worse.  C-level officers should have been fired, architects and engineers lost their certifications, and the mayor who chose to hide it been run out of office at the next election.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I'd rather watch a low budget channel with no sponsorships. You don't need funding to read wikipedia to me.
Why do you use kmph instead of mph knowing this is an American building?
You explained this so well, thank you!
I much appreciate that you clearly marked your advertisement. True, it makes it easier to skip, but so many channels (even good ones) have a long ramble into their sponsor segments and you only know once the clear sales pitch comes on that you have watched a commercial for the last 20 seconds.  Seriously. Thanks for this. I wish more would do like you. It should be required.
Corruption?
If you had anything to do with building structures you would understand the gothic church was not crumbling but built with solid materials like bricks and a slate roof. The people who are saying the new structure is better have never been involved in construction.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I ve had this on repeat all day
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
I don't get why it was allowed to be built in the first place...clearly has something to do with ensuring job security lol. They inspect the building an sign off on it so how was this not found so annoying.
This makes for great content for an engineering student while on the toilet constipated
Hey thank you a lot for making this video. It’s awesome to see a important people choosing morality and honesty over profit et fame.
Pure talent. No words
Great video. In the next video, could you discuss whether the impact of an aeroplane can collapse a skyscraper? I'm asking for a friend.
You just earned a new subscriber
Great job, this video was very useful!
1:38 this comparison is 100% disingenious. old church? crumbling? Do you have eyes? Even a ruin of the old church is better than the "brand new" one... F.. even a brick out of the old church looks better!!!
So typical of Wall Street to keep things secret because they don't want everyone to panic.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I worked on the 68th floor of the Citicorp Center from 2009-20011. I experienced a windstorm in that building and the mass damper was having calibration problems that morning. Colleagues were getting motion sick, pens were rolling across desks, and doors were swaying open and shut on their own. Felt like being on a ship at sea until they fixed it that afternoon.  Also experienced an earthquake in that building but it wasn't even close to as scary.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
You just earned a new subscriber
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
LeMessurier didn't measure probably
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
MEN
Thank you for the great content!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Contrary to LeMessurier's arrogant comment "White lies are moral in a case like this." No, they are not. Witness all the evil committed by those that think they're smarter than us, in our time, starting with Dr. Fauci and his evil white lies.
2:12 vsauce michel here
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I ve had this on repeat all day
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I dunno if it's my ADHD or what. But as the son of an accomplished Civil Engineer and an engineer myself (non-structural),  I can't imagine a project of this scale passing through the entire design phase without thinking about wind force on all sides of the building. Sure, the faces of tall buildings are what is typically important as they will take the majority of wind force. But with an unprecedented design like this one, I would think any architectural design firm, not to mention the dozens of engineers involved, would test all possible stresses on the design. Especially one like this in the middle of a densely populated city. I am baffled how this problem slipped through without anyone knowing. It more likely was known, at least to some, but ignored, IMO. If not, this is an extreme case of negligence. Not out of simple carelessness, but out of hubris. What an embarrassing legacy for the lead architect here. Hopefully it remains just that and doesn't end up one of the worst preventable man-made disasters in US history. It may be "fixed", but, is it really?
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Why didn't they just make it round and more aero-dynamic?
Le measure is nothing in the presence of my king Lebron ❤
Great job, this video was very useful!
The whole Canada thing lol
Built like President DOGE convinced Donald that tariffs are a good idea after cutting social security and Medicaid in order to replace a nice looking church into a church that looks like a tesla truck. 100% failure assured inside this century.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This was super helpful, thanks!
Great job, this video was very useful!
Great job, this video was very useful!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Study Building Seven. I dare you.
What a shame they destroyed that beautiful gothic church for some modernist garbage.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I'm pretty sure the script of this video wasn't written by Derek himself! This video was a bit too slow,, and could have been much more interesting
I never knew that kind of story about architecture was something i really wanted more of. Anyone know of a good youtuve channel that does that kind of stories? It was riveting! Thank you!
Who else is here before this blows up
You explained this so well, thank you!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
You just earned a new subscriber
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Isn't this used for the nighttime outside shots of in "Suits"?
Moral of the story: don't be dishonest and try cover up your mistakes, or you'll turn a 6 week job into a year long debacle.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
So partially, this is the church’s fault!  They should have just given up the land and taken the money to relocate.
I can t stop smiling watching this
"just 110 kph" yeah JUST 250 mile a hour winds, totally normal.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I ve had this on repeat all day
Taking down the gothic church for this is crazy
Loved the content, keep it coming!
"Old crumbling gothic church" is one of the best engagements baits I've seen in a long time
He didn’t discover the flaw  An engineering student did and went to him and TO HIS CREDIT he agreed..
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
If it had fallen down I would have just blamed it on the church 😅
This gave me chills… in the best way
Reality check, the designer did not figure out the issue , it was a student!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I ve had this on repeat all day
I ve had this on repeat all day
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Seems extremely unethical and criminal to not shut the building down until it was fully repaired. I seriously doubt that not saying anything and not shutting down were done to avoid "mass panic". They were done to avoid lawsuits, scandal, loss of revenue, and to save face.
Gonna have my camera ready when it falls.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I can t stop smiling watching this
'did you hear about the Polish skyscraper ...' 💀
Algorithm finally did something right
i just played with my saint peters church busted the jesus juice all over my carpet
Of course, LeMessurier had accepted to use bolts.  He just didn't want to admit his error being his alone.
This was super helpful, thanks!
What an interesting video. Several points really shocked me! * Was willing to demolish that lovely old church in the first place * Didnt know what his team were doing with his design within his firm regarding the bolts and the welding and so on * I guess didnt check it met the design post execution? Maybe thats normal for high flying arcitects but I find it suprising. Given that ultimately the consequences of the building faults winding up falling at his feet, I'd have thought he would have done a bit of second checking... * Didnt consider the quartering winds * Relied on the static model * That phone call with the student - the arcitect can have some Good Guy points from me for that one, it was nice of him to walk a student through his work over the phone, I bet he was busy. But we are told that the student had questions because of what his lecturer had said ... which kinda points to the possibility that actually questions about this buildings stability were circulating more widely, which makes me wonder why it even fell to the arcitect to check his model himself years after the fact, I'm suprised someone else hadnt already worked the maths through by this point and raised the alarm. Sounds like it was a bit of an open secret.  * The guy who helped him make the dynamic model, we are told, "wasnt going to tell anyone". REALLY?! WOW. If I had been that guy, sure I'd have let the arcitect spill the beans himself on his own terms but we are virtually told that if the arcitect had chosen silence then his bro in canada would have kept the secret - holy heck!  * Easy to give him props for fessing up to his blunder but to me thats the baseline expectation of a decent human being. And whether or not he was willing to own his mistake would not have mattered if his bro in canada hadnt been willing to stay silent apparently!  * The public were not told * The arcitect talking about how People Didnt Need To Be Terrorized... eh. What gives him the right to have the lives of all these people entrusted to him getting it right, when he didnt get it right the first time? There was a chance Bob could have been squashed flat by a domino effect of falling buildings, and he wasnt given the opportunity to choose whether or not to risk staying or go... as the arcitect luckily didnt screw it up the second time around (as far as we know!) Bob gets to live, but I would be mad not to have been told beforehand! * I knew collapsing skyscrapers were A Bad Thing, but I never realised a whole conga line of them could domino-doom one other in a big chain of collapsing death like in a cartoon!  * "Aha, the press went on strike! I got away with it!" Pretty smug imo.  * The repairs are halfway done when Hurricane Ella is coming. There's a chance the building might fall!!!... or it Might Be Ok. Warn the public? No, lets bite our nails and get ready to round everyone up at the very last minute... Anyway, I have written too much.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church for that absolute trash?
Algorithm finally did something right
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Pure talent. No words
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
They replaced a beautiful gothic church with that ugly lump of no one knows what.  How typical.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
So you wanna tell me if a terrorist will destroy one of this columns, the whole building will colapse? In my opinion this is one of the dumbest buildings ever made... also the old church was so beautiful!!!
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Man, I work in the DOD as a software architect.  Can't tell you how many times I tell folks their applications are going to tank, they never listen  because of cost, schedule, competing interests, and what happens???? JFC.
The lesson is you can't trust the so-called "experts"
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
LeMeasure
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
You just earned a new subscriber
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Very informative and interesting.  Thank you for sharing.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This was very informative, appreciate it.
What I understood from the video was that he didn't make a mistake. The design was changed without his knowledge to use bolts instead of welding on those braces. This sounds similar to that case where a suspended walkway collapsed because the original design of a continuous suspension rod was changed to two separate rods so the loading was changed on the supporting bolts. I'm sorry I can't remember the name of the incident.
This gave me chills… in the best way
You should have given more credit to Diane Hartley.  SHE was the student who initially brought the issue to the forefront
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The old church was beautiful and the new church looked like garbage. The better question is who let them build that abomination of a church?
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Sad they tore down that beautiful old church.
This is kinda lame. The the only reason not to tell people is reputation and money. Otherwise, the best course of action would be.  Shut down the building.  Install the warning system and wait for repairs. There are no ethics here. There would have been no panic, people would have to relocate and do something different to keep them safe which would have been expensive. Let's not pretend here.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
americans: "i'm not pronouncing that. his name is luh measure"
would it not have been a lot cheaper to put the church atop the building? that pastor would only allow American Express on the collection plate.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
I can t stop smiling watching this
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I ve had this on repeat all day
a beautifull  church demolished for a ugly gray box. that's the real tragedy.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
*reads name*: "LeMussurier" *hears*: "LaMesure" *goes back to double check the name* wtf?! lol
This is an honoured man!!!
I dont understant why LeMessurier is to be at fault in it ? he said to WELD IT, THEY DIDNT ! it's the personne who choose to not weld but bolt who is at fault no ? 🤔
The guy saved lifes by owning up and being a man, great job!!
I can't listen to this drivel. I switched off. If humans can't see what's disgusting about this video, just go on destroying your planet as per usual. What a species.
This was super helpful, thanks!
That gothic church looks far cooler than what they built
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
When I was 9 around 1994, I met a man named "Ali Ong Hing" which was seated next to me on an airplane, and he was traveling the world to assist in the spread of the TMDs into skyscrapers. At the time, I was huge into K'NEX, so when I asked him about his job, he described to me in ways that I could visualize. We spoke for about 10-15 minutes about these things and he was surprised I could keep up with his simplified explanations so easily. I'll never forget, after we spoke about what he did, he began talking about his worldly beliefs, like how we shock our bodies when we drink ice water. And as the flight attendant brought me my glass of ice coca-cola, he said "just like that". Sorry, Ali... It's been 30 years since we spoke but I'm still enjoying my ice cold, body shocking coca-cola. I still studying architecture, too.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
It sounds like the present LeMessurier Associates currently lack the courage and ethics of William. Instead of being proud of his outstanding achievement in responsibility, they hide their heads. That, in and of itself, would make me look elsewhere for engineers.
Why did nobody talk about the “media blackout” ??????
I wonder if the 100% of collapse considered the variation on material property. The strength of the bolts would be based on the lower 5% value, so 95% of them would be stronger, even without any factor is safety in the calculations
Who else is here before this blows up
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Algorithm finally did something right
I, for one, am thankful Donald Trump wasn't the engineer on that project.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
This thumbnail is better yeah
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
That church rebuild is a crime all by itself
Thank you for the great content!
9:52 - - Q: how’d a 400-ton block get up there?  (poured concrete on the roof?) 9:42 - - 3 kinds of dampers 18:45 - - the mass damper requires electricity to operate? 21:02 - - project SERENE  27:24 - - twin towers (worse)
All this was done with primitive computers and slide rules.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I ve had this on repeat all day
I’m not An architect but this structure have nonsense, and you don’t need to build to realize
For those wondering the original thumbnail was a red building on a very questionable foundation - with not so scary text
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
how can people secretly disapprove of architect's plans to point of changing them without discussion 😮 ...without his approval they are responsible for consequences, but he should've been keeping eye on them!
These guys were huffing lead paint.
Disgusting. At 22:29 Veritasium approves of the murderous coverup, and within a few seconds he's gone on to sell us something.  At 26:00 "wasn't taking chances" meanwhile they're all taking chances with tens of thousands of lives. Disgusting species, disgusting youtube influencers. Shame on you 110,000 people who gave this a like.
I ve had this on repeat all day
I can t stop smiling watching this
It's disgusting what they did with that church...
I ve had this on repeat all day
This gave me chills… in the best way
The biggest tragedy is turning that cool looking church to a damn brutalistic cube
Algorithm finally did something right
Why did you describe it as a CRUMBLING church
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
You explained this so well, thank you!
This gave me chills… in the best way
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
"Despite the risk, they decided not to tell the public, even the office workers in the building" - like, this is insane to me. How this video does it with such a cheery tone is beyond me. We're meant to laud this guy's ethics, and that telephone lines were created to spy on the building's instability?
This story seems to still be a mystery. An author of the NIST study claims "According to our calculations, if the building had been safely designed for head-on winds, then it would have been safe for quartering winds, regardless of the connection details, i.e., whether the multi-story diagonal braces were bolted or welded together, and the strengthening of the diagonal braces would have been unnecessary." He also wrote "Still, [the building's designers'] measurements of base moments in the 1970s wind tunnel tests should have led them to the same conclusion that corner winds do not govern the design, but face winds do, so the rationale for retrofitting the building needs to be re-examined."  The confusion over the students is interesting. It seems there were two students, one talked to LeMessurier and one was in touch with a then-junior member at the firm. It's possible that these two people have been confused with each other over the years, possibly by LeMessurier himself, especially since the one that talked directly to LeMessurier wasn't identified until 2011. The student he spoke to personally has written that he was not at all concerned about quartering winds. He was only writing a paper on the building because he was impressed with it. He did mention to LeMessurier that his professor thought it was an irresponsible design because of the placement of the columns. The other student who was in contact with the junior staff member seems to have indicated that she had no qualms with the explanations and assurances from the junior staffer. Her professor seemed to be concerned about the placement of the columns, as other student's professor was, and possibly about the lack of quartering wind calculations given to his student. That raises a lot of questions about that student's quartering wind calculations. The claim is there was concern that the quartering winds produce stresses significantly greater than winds on the faces. But LeMessurier apparently needed to go off to Maine and perform precise calculations to "confirm" this. If it's such a simple calculation that an undergrad can do it in a thesis about the "scientific, social, and symbolic implications" of the building (it's notable that the idea has been raised as to whether these calculations had simply never been done in the course of the project, implying that it was an oversight of something straightforward), then why is the NIST still not sure that the conclusion is accurate and why did LeMessurier need to work so hard to perform them? Something doesn't add up. I mean, the NIST doesn't need to reanalyze it if the student's calculations have much engineering relevancy at all, it would be just "look at what these calculations demonstrate".  Apparently the original wind tunnel information is confidential, per the NIST guy. I wonder, then, if the retests in the wind tunnel (which were performed by the same guy as the initial tests) and the recalculations that led to the repairs are also confidential. I have to wonder if the reason the firm doesn't like to talk about the incident is because they either know or are concerned of the possibility that the repairs were unnecessary. As noted in this video, the story as is hasn't seemed to have been a negative for the firm. But costly, unnecessary emergency repairs would certainly be a detriment to the reputation of the firm as well as tarnishing the story and its hero, which both seem to have taken on a positive mythos in the field of engineering ethics.
So he pioneered software engineering practices. Publish early, patch the bugs later.
It was not him. Was a female student Diane Hartley that discovered it first?
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Very well done, appreciate this video!
In any other country an "old gothic church" would be a historic landmark. In the US it's just an impediment to rich people doing what they want.
My dad has always taught me that the coverup is worse than the mistake. The majority of the public will understand a mistake and accept a solution. The majority will not forgive a deliberate coverup of the mistake
Thank you for the great content!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
28:43
There is a building in Seattle that always tripped me out. Built like an upside down pyramid at the base. I believe the design was to help the building sway safely during an earthquake.
The space had to open around the church because of all the windows? 😆
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I ve had this on repeat all day
What happens when the 1/1000 storm hits. Statistically it will happen
Amazing content as always!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
But can it survive jet fuel loaded 747😂
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Great job, this video was very useful!
All because of a stupid church....... a place of comfort for the blind of mind.
You just earned a new subscriber
Amazing story, great job and congrats to the veritasium team!
95% bot accounts in the comments. Did Veritasium pay to get bots boosting their reuploaded video? Also changing the title and thumbnail a few times to get more engagement. Whats going on? The whole thing seems disingenuous/crooked
If 1 out of 5 people in the world took responsibility for their mistakes we would live in utopia
Thank you for the great content!
Geez, why wouldn’t it come down at freefall speed like building 7 and in its own footprint. Isn’t that what happens when buildings collapse?
Amazing content as always!
GOD CREATED US TO LOVE US AND EVEN THOUGH WE SINNED AGAINST HIM HE DID NOT ABANDON US,BUT MADE A WAY FOR US TO BE RESTORED TO HIM THROUGH HIS SON JESUS;WHO DIED IN OUR PLACE AND IS RISEN...TRUTH.PRAYING IS TRUSTING THAT GOD HEARS YOU WHEN YOU SPEAK TO HIM AND MEANING WHAT YOU SAY...LETS PRAY,LORD JESUS I BELIEVE AND WELCOME YOU INTO MY LIFE,AMEN.*READ AND SPEND SPEND TIME WITH GOD DAILY,PUT YOUR TRUST IN HIM*ASK GOD TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND HIS WORD*ALLOW THE HOLY GHOST TO LEAD YOU...I LOVE YOU BUT GOD THE TRINITY LOVES YOU UNCONDITIONALLY.
How on earth were they allowed to destroy that church and replace it with a giant doorstop I do not know.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Amazing content as always!
I wish they had relocated that church before they built the replacement instead of knocking it down !  The new one looks like a Subway entrance or a utility protection structure.  Not only that but the replacement church is so small compared to the old one.  No comparison. And the shot of the old Church Organ before the church shot killed me.  The way that the church is described as 'old and crumbling' seemed not only ignorant but reductive.  That church stood proud from the earlier times of New York and would have been paid for by the citizens who lived there.   To see such a beautiful place of worship and hear the organ singing out as you approached for mass must have been a wonderful thing.  Now lost to progress.  Its beautiful enough and large enough to be a Cathedral in smaller towns and cities.... it looks small on the tiny picture in the video due to the size of the image but that was a beautiful big church.  I bet someone bribed the owners to agree to such a plan....  Hmmm...
You explained this so well, thank you!
"oh you dont want ot let us film inside the building or even talk to us? Ok , we'll title the video 'The most dangerous building in Manhattan' then, and feature it prominently in the thumbnail so everyone will know exactly what building we're talking about just at a glance" (mind you by the time you read this comment both the title and thumbnail have probably been changed seven times already...)
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I wonder if they considered using a microwave comms link, instead of new telephone lines.  (Those lineworkers, by the way, looked to me  like they were working on power, not communications, lines, based on the size of the insulators.)
What happened to the student that found the problem?
1:47 “old crumbling church” and shoes the picture of a architecture masterpiece
I can t stop smiling watching this
33 Minutes well spent , awesome video.
If you lived in the NY Metro area, this was a real thing.
Why didn't they close the building down and weld 24/7?
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Sadly, the notion today is more like, do everything to hide it, blame everyone else....
"No one wanted a mass panic." Veritasium approves of the coverup. Does this guy have any ethics?
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Who else is here before this blows up
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
I have used this as a class project on decision making in groups for 20 years. But this has so many more facts I never knew!  So I may update my class exercise. Thanks!  🎉
Pure talent. No words
1:40 bruh that looks like a giant public toilet. Doesn't look remotely distinct from the tower either
ALL of that because a stupid church that didn't want to change address
When I was a student at Berkley in the early 80's, four of us did a study of the Oakland Colosseum Arena.  The original design had just vertical columns below the "X" bracing. It looked to us, as baby architecture students early in our structural studies, like a "soft story" (lower floor that is less stiff than the structure above it, which is an earthquake hazard).  We called the architect at Skidmore Owings & Merrill.  He said it wasn't a soft story.  In our presentation to the class we said it looked to us like a soft story but the architect said it wasn't.  In the '90's they did a rehab of the building and added big shear walls in the not soft story.  Apparently it was a soft story after all!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Damn what a great video.
This gave me chills… in the best way
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
In fact, I think they should tell the office workers at least before the storm is coming Even if there are no office workers in the building during the storm, they may need to take their personal things back before the storm so that if the building had unfortunately fallen down, they wouldn't have lost anything Also, there are still security guards in the building even when there is a storm It is so irresponsible not to tell the public that time
What is the diference between this and Celanese CDMX estructurally?
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I can t stop smiling watching this
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This was a really interesting story, and very well told. Great video
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
10:51 CN Tower opened June 26, 1976.
This thing just looks like a giant instability. Any kind of earthquake or wins higher than a typical hurricane would knock it right over.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
You explained this so well, thank you!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Tearing down a gothic church sounds like the real crime here. Yes it wasn't in the best shape, but citibank had the money to fix it up.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
This gave me chills… in the best way
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I ve had this on repeat all day
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Beautiful Gothic church exchanged for ... fancy LEGO block.
are you serious, those absolute idiots. who designs something so poorly
Gee.... how did capitalists build crap that reaches toward the sky???? I'll think of an answer...just gotta take a quick trip to Dubai.  No, but seriously... Boycott USA travel under ttrump.  Tell your friends.
You just earned a new subscriber
Sometimes humanity is awesome !
City scale domino scenario. Also, what is a 1 in 1,000 storm?  That sounds horrifying to be there when that happens.
I give everybody credit for the thoughtful plan to protect and fix the problem.
This was super helpful, thanks!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Pure talent. No words
This gave me chills… in the best way
Sooo, no one was fired?
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I ve had this on repeat all day
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I thought this was a fern video
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
The new thumbnail is definitely way more interesting. Have to admit that clickbait (bright red thing in a grayscale skyline) gets me.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The amount of ads I'm getting on this video is ridiculous. After 14 minutes I already had 4 ad breaks...
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
they did that church dirty 😔
He did the right thing, regardless of great risk to his own future... THAT'S a Hero. 😻
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Is this a re-upload? Or maybe quite similar to another video on YouTube?
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
refusing to comment is WAY sketchier than owning up to errors and sharing your work 👍
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This is really scary in todays cancel culture environment.  Cancel culture guarantees people will double down on hide, hide, and loudly deny!   Who wants bomb threats, getting screamed at every time you go in public........  It might be easier to change your name and move Tahiti.   You can get destroyed over picking your nose on camera accidentally.  What are they going to do if you ADMIT to a real mistake...... or just updated calculations?  A total pirana-fest.  Love seeing a comment section applauding owning up, and putting our heads, down to figure it out...... and move on.
Amazing content as always!
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
"events nobody envisioned." Huh. All sorts of normal people watching high-rise construction envision all sorts of disasters. But engineers aren't as smart as regular people.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
the "old crumbling" gothic church looks so much better than that minecraft lookin thing
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
You just earned a new subscriber
Tons of bots in the comments 🤔
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Unrelated but that new church is awful looking, a damn shame they tore down the nice old one.
saw a very good tiktok on this, wish I remembered the creator
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
"I can't imagine the fear." Talking about a guy who is in a safe place nowhere near the building. Lol. We're kind of a pathetic species.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
22:05 are you sure it wouldn't have fallen perfectly straight down like buildings in New York seem to do?
Pure talent. No words
I never knew about this. Fascinating subject.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Why didn't they leave the gothic chirch tho? 🥲
4:00 man, that guys dry erase markers must all be black/brown once he’s done.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This gave me chills… in the best way
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
You just earned a new subscriber
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Fascinating…. Their was once - Three little piggies each choosing one material to build a house out of, straw, sticks or brick to keep out the big bad wolf when he huffed and puffed.  Now we have a fourth piggy who’s adding a Mass Dampener to his brick house.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thats the difference between USA and Germany or Russia. Talking about problems is allowed.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
congrats on making a video that’s been made 100 times already on this platform alone
God heard from a bunch of people that never spoke to him before or after....... (potential hurricane)
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This was referenced in an episode of Numb3rs.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I ve had this on repeat all day
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
"old gothic crumbling church" lmao they transformed the church into a trash bin
This story would make a great movie.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Who else is here before this blows up
Algorithm finally did something right
The engineers of the Vajont dam in 1963 didn't do anything even if they knew, and 2000 people died.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Great job, this video was very useful!
Replacing that "old, crumbling gothic church" with that hideous metal block alone should have gotten them the guillotine. What a horrible crime against beauty that was.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Pure talent. No words
Algorithm finally did something right
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
You just earned a new subscriber
Great job, this video was very useful!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Wow, professional integrity and responsibility are in very short supply nowadays, but at least this man stood up and took it on the chin to make it right
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I ve had this on repeat all day
The fact that his name is LeMeasure honestly cracks me up 😂
I can t stop smiling watching this
Hmmmm. This is the first I've heard of this alternative story that anyone other than Ms. Hartley was the one to call the LeMessurier's office. There are plenty of YouTube videos that tell the original story, including interviews with Ms. Hartley herself.
And once again someone cutting corners because of greed is the root problem.
Crazy sick clown world.
I ve had this on repeat all day
This was super helpful, thanks!
That new church is so much uglier than the old one
Very well done, appreciate this video!
It takes some nuts, to admit that your bolts are faulty.
I guarantee they did not figure in shape charges and thermite like the world trades 🤫
The Rainier Bank Tower here in Seattle, while perhaps not as bad as this one, still worries me every time I drive near it LOL, that shape is not a shape that instills confidence in a building's ability to resist falling over.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
You explained this so well, thank you!
Tearing down the old church and replacing it with that was a crime against humanity
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Thank you Diane Hartly.   For the architect to recognize her observation and take immediate corrective action demonstrates true professionalism, ethics.  I'm a retired professional engineer and Commercial pilot.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Funny how companies react to things. Not letting you film in the building isn't going to prevent you from making the video. It just makes them look complicit in something they had nothing to do with.
0:02  well I thought it was the 🗼🗼✈️
are we ready for a moonshot or another bumpy ride? lets go RockSolidProtocol!!!
Typical capitalist profit motivated failure
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Looks like those buildings I'd destroy in Battlefield 4, then everyone in the server would call me slurs in the voice chat.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
You should see the monstrosity there building downtown barrie ontario  It has soo many people mocking it. Its hilarious. Looks likes blocks piled and tilted, looks off.
Wow. One of the most identifiable pieces of the  mannhatten  skyline could topple in a windstorm
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This was super helpful, thanks!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
As a fellow structural engineer, I state: finally a new veritasium video that I fully understand.
Let's be real, if they would have made the church move that building would have been toppled in the first year 😂😉
This was very informative, appreciate it.
how did the church accept that urban massacre ?! The beautiful unreplaceable historic architecture for a new modern building that has no value in comparison.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
It's hard to imagine that quartering winds were never considered.
I truly hate modern architecture. It's boring at best, ugly most the time. That church was a work of art. Now it's an ugly blob under an even uglier building.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
9:32 Exactly how towing something on a trailer works.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
I can t stop smiling watching this
Mmm maybe don't design buildings around a gimmick and things like this won't happen.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Engineering...I love my job even though it is stressful at times
No hate or anything but I feel this is the 3rd or 4th video on this exact building from a major yt channel. Anyone else or am I just remembering badly ?
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
This was super helpful, thanks!
1:38 - Not even 2 minutes into the video and we are already seeing someone who decided that it was a good idea to replace a gorgeous gothic cathedral with an awfully ugly block of concrete.
Pure talent. No words
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Algorithm finally did something right
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
The Gothic Church was way cooler.
Would be awesome if you could give Eric Hines his due, i.e. list him as Professor Eric Hines at Tufts University
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Religion caused the entire problem
I can t stop smiling watching this
Who else is here before this blows up
Thank you for the great content!
4 .... bolts 🔩  🙉
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Amazing content as always!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I can t stop smiling watching this
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Who else is here before this blows up
sounds like a poly bridge challange
LeMessurier should be in jail and his reputation should be in ruin.. Project serene should have spread terror, this is not a success story.
Thank you for the great content!
great example of going above and beyond
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Americans: Old buildings need to come down, they are built with ugly stone. Let’s replace with something that will only last 50 years, instead of 200
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Moral of the story.. don't be cheap.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Algorithm finally did something right
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
🧠 🧠
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
They taught us about this in Civil Engineering classes in college.  They blasted LeMessurire for sweeping this under the rug though.  I had no idea he was look upon favorably.
Who else is here before this blows up
I can t stop smiling watching this
I like the 3b1b style graphics!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
thats what happen when babel and church is one of the same.
You just earned a new subscriber
My jaw dropped when I saw the before and after of that church, what a downgrade man
How is it possible the building is not subject to twisting in the stilts?  Is the central column sufficient to prevent it?
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Who knows how many real Christians were praying that day so the hurricane went the other way. Things just not "somehow' happened, God was in this history.
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I can t stop smiling watching this
Loved the content, keep it coming!
This gave me chills… in the best way
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Describing that previous building as an "old, crumbling gothic church" whilst standing in front of the blob that replaced it gives me a certain kind of ick that is hard to describe.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
is that one dude wearing a republican elephant on his lapel?!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
that church is hedious....
Why destroying such a beautiful church and replacing it with a ugly modern one nobody wants.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
0:34 “ I am the only man who knew this” he caused the problem and brags  about knowing about it
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Loved the content, keep it coming!
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Thank you for the great content!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Pure talent. No words
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Downgrading that nice old gothic church with that architectural abomination was the biggest mistake of the project.
His name is LaMeasure 😂 talk about a guy not living with up to his name
I can t stop smiling watching this
Architects need a modern-gothic revolution. Just imagine a gothic style skyscraper with modern engineering. Come on people, make buildings cool again
Whoa - that's not good
24:30 August 8th, 1978: my very first birthday 👶🎂
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This isn't a story about engineering, but about PR. How to screw up at your job, criminally cut corners, engage in a conspiracy involving corporations and public officials in order to hide the imminent danger from the public, the media, and the tenants, then wait 20 years for the statute of limitations to do its thing, and then spin the story so you're the hero.
You explained this so well, thank you!
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Who else is here before this blows up
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
33 minutes later...I know a bit more about structural engineering and some amazing NYC building history!
Great job, this video was very useful!
great episode
Mate, RockSolidProtocol might be the 100x gem we’ve all been waiting for.
Is.... New York City..... abroad? Thanks advertisements....
I wonder how many AT&T technicians showed up to install those phone lines? They probably had every tech in NYC on standby for that project.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I'm the sneaker head that has a bunch of slides, clogs and sneakers and since you have a golf channel I have a bunch of golf shoes. And I find myself stuck wearing my birkenstocks all the time😅
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
So glad to see that LeMessurier was celebrated for speaking out, instead of punished. This is good safety culture!
@22:00 he said if this building fell it would fall onto another building and then to another and then to another that's why they had a 10 block radius with the red cross.   So my question is with 9/11 how come the trade center didn't toppled into another building into another building   how did that building just go straight down and no other building Fall??....
Good engineers make mistakes. Brilliant engineers take on the responsibility of fixing them when they make them.
Thank you for the great content!
So much like your chair with the legs under the midpoints might be okay if you lean forwards, backwards or perfectly to either side. Until you shift your weight diagonally. PS I don't understand why Le Messurier Engineering rebuffed you. This is textbook exemplary behaviour on behalf of their founder. I would like to think that I would act with so much valour and integrity having found out a mistake.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Pure talent. No words
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
its crazy how this video got 3.5 million views in a day
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
The fact that this guy and the building owner didn't inform the tenants when they discovered the building was at a 1/16 chance of falling annually is beyond reprehensible. People keep saying he did the right thing. No, going to the press and having the buildings immediately evacuated was the right thing. These guys just got lucky.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
code duck is always useful lol
Talks about phone lines, shows power lines. 🤔
"Replace this old grumbling Gothic church"   Absolute shame, I mean look what they replaced it with!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
💙
Algorithm finally did something right
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Mark my words: RockSolidProtocol’s going to mint millionaires, setup, timing, market — it’s all lining up, best opportunity of the year, hands down.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
The Americans had a beautiful gothic church and knocked it down to build crap, explains a lot
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
21:41, so instead of just evacuating the building and doing round-the-clock work to weld the joints, they decided to sweep it under the rug at the risk of thousands of lives? Sounds about right.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
A classic example of Ethics over Ego.  If he had not come forward, the building would have fallen in 2012 (Hurricane Sandy) or if lucky that year, then it might have lasted until 2022 (North American Winter Storm.)
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Great ❤❤❤
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This was very informative, appreciate it.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
If the company is not honest about it now, then they no longer have LeMessurier's ethics. They could have inherited a heroe's legacy instead of covering it up.
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
9:06 vibe engineering 👨‍🔧
You just earned a new subscriber
There is NO WAY this dude did not know that the team had swapped out welding the beams for bolting them. Are you kidding me? The lead designer wasn't ever informed or consulted on such a significant engineering decision cutting down the budget of the building by millions of dollars? "His team" approving the changes instead of him is an incredibly convenient explanation to save his reputation as an architect.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
It wasn’t he that discovered the structural issues, was a student studying the building…..
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Thank goodness for Ansys
That's incredible, I didn't know this was the first case of a tuned-mass tamper. When it was mentioned in the video I was like "oh yeah right, of course, those are all over" and then only later in the video realized the innovation level there
"LeMessurier was praised for owning his mistake" - To be fair, HIS plans called for the welds in the first place. Some corner cutters wanted to save money and went with bolts.  I'd say the weight of that should be put on their shoulders not his, though as it was his company I guess they just lump the blame where they can.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Pure talent. No words
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Old crumbling gothic church? Pure propaganda. Downvote report misinformation.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
You explained this so well, thank you!
I really appreciate how you handled the ad in this video: making it clear it was an ad, good video shots and explanation of the service, and even including a timer!
Who else is here before this blows up
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
evil looking building
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Interesting, this is the kind of video I expect to see on Grady's Practical Engineering channel.
The fact he spoke to lawyers first tells you everything.
HEY VERITASIUM!  You didn't give enough credit to DIANE HARTLEY! She's the engineering student that made the phone call and shared her observations and calculations to William LeMessurier or his engineers.  She is really the person responsible for saving the building and lives!  Edit: Ok. My bad. You did give credit @ the 28 minute mark.
How did they get the 5cm thick steel plate "plasters" up the building?  Lifts wouldn't take them ?
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I can t stop smiling watching this
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Numb3rs S1E4 is loosely based on this.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I can t stop smiling watching this
Who else is here before this blows up
Fantastic explanation, thank you!
I ve had this on repeat all day
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Does anyone else believe that had they not even attempted to fix that building, the storm would've destroyed it? sometimes I have these weird ideas considering synchronicity.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Pure talent. No words
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Great video! One of my favorite engineering stories. And you did it justice.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
... that new church looks like a commie block.  Okay for an apartment building, awful for a church.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
And they retrofitted it without anyone knowing??? And they found out after the fact....don't believe it....someone was paid off to look the other way....then it was discovered....
Regardless, the new church is butt ugly and so is the building.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
they took down that beautiful gothic Church and replaced it with that monstrosity?
This was very informative, appreciate it.
You just earned a new subscriber
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Another guy doing the video....why???
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Actually mass dampeners have been used in Japan for over 1000 years.
The iconic 45-degree sloped roof was originally designed to hold solar panels, though they were never installed.   Looks like we lost some energy because of that. 😂😂
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Really??!!!?!  His name is "La...Measure..*"???!!!  Family history?
This sounds like a killer setup for a what-if alternate universe catastrophe movie. For once, it truly would‘ve been based on true events, but with a happy end.
are we ready for a moonshot or another bumpy ride? lets go RockSolidProtocol!!!
Not that I tend to sympathise with religion, but not preserving the gothic church was a travesty.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This was very informative, appreciate it.
LoL, bet they just wish they spent the 700k to weld em instead of bolt like he originally designed for. 😂 I mean even 1.2 million to weld the beams would have been chump change in the whole grand scheme of things, when compared to the cost of the whole project.
Saint Peter's church is not a Gothic church it's a Gothic Style church that's many times younger than Gothic churches still standing in Europe.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
It sounds like he never accounted for wind properly in the original plan. If the original planned welds were adequite (doubtful without the generators) then it was by accident and not by proper engineering process. I'm sure a lot of engineers have taken a look at this since, but I suspect the bolts were a bit of a cover-story.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I ve had this on repeat all day
Sounds like a potentially at risk building for attacks 😕 sound like the right prick in the right place and its dominos.
Thank you for the great content!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
I don't know why they just didn't build a normal building rotated 45 degrees on the lot giving space for the church.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Hay Cherno, please tell us how to use RenderDoc!
Pure talent. No words
As a human being we owe it to other human beings to step up and do the right thing regardless of profession, regardless of situation, if you want someone to step up for you, step up for them.   William LeMessurier is someone we should all look up to and respect.  Thank you for this video.
Pure talent. No words
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
You explained this so well, thank you!
Who else is here before this blows up
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This was super helpful, thanks!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Amazing content as always!
i really like the example you provided at 5:30, you had no need to do so but you padded the subject such that youd be relived of questions later
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Pure talent. No words
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Did you notice that this is the SUITS building?
There was an older video on this, right?
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
DANGER
Loved the content, keep it coming!
You just earned a new subscriber
So speaking of dominion effect and distracted mitigation especially post 9/11 why aren't there more structural sky bridges  Heck that's also a consideration for public transit if you go back into sci-fi
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This was very informative, appreciate it.
I am a Civil Engineer from the NJ Suburbs of NJ.  As part of my career is also serve as a volunteer to accredit engineering programs.  Part of our criteria is regarding engineering ethics.  There are several instances of Civils doing exactly what  what Mr. LeMesseur did here but, at least doing my visits when I ask about ethics this is my benchmark scenario exposing a mistake and running the chance of ruining a career is the highest form of professionalism there is..   A great story, interesting that the fix was changing the bolts to the cross-bracing was the fix.  I had understood that assitional wind bracing was required but this clears that up.  Great job, thank you.
Mate, RockSolidProtocol might be that 100x gem we’ve been waiting for all cycle.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Who else is here before this blows up
This is why “trust the science” is not actually scientific. The “just asking questions” guys/gals - they helped the expert reassess.   Also, chokepointing all risk assessment to a single engineer is absolutely insane. What if he was too busy or stubborn to redo his calculations, this building would have toppled without anyone being aware it was a real risk.
Churches are nothing more than a BUSINESS $ ✝️ 💸 ✝️💰 ✝️  🤑✝️🙏
but. they are new yorkers,  meh,  a dime a dozen,  let it topple.
you don't let us into the building for the interview? well, the YouTube video is now called "the most dangerous building in Manhattan". congrats on your no failure history.
9:30 wouldn't a critically damped system theoretically not oscillate/overshoot at all?
0:31 LeMessurier: "Here I am, the only man in the world who knew this."  Anybody with eyes: 👀
Algorithm finally did something right
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This is such a fascinating topic, im in IT and robotics but  civil engineering and architecture is such a fascinating science because unlike CS this has such a large corpus of knowledge nd rich history much like maths and science that has been passed on since ages. Iv always felt building things like the empire state building in 1930s with the kind of tech at that time is simply mind blowing. A video on that would be anazing about thr skyscrapers of New York. Truly a wonder of the modern world.
Reminds me of aureus city
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Thank you for the great content!
Who else is here before this blows up
Thank you for the great content!
It seems so incredibly obvious by where the legs are placed that you would need to care more about diagonal forces. Even the chair with four legs in the same place would be easier to topple over pushed diagonally.
Great job, this video was very useful!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I've worked in that building, as others, many times. I never knew of this issue until a few years ago. I must say, the food court downstairs has some of the best food in Manhattan. Plus the subway entrance is easy and safe. I always thought is was a cool building.
Re-upload?
Note to self: Building on foundations, not stilts.
But who was the guy who said welds weren't necessary, let's save a few bucks. THAT's who needs to own up to that decision.
You just earned a new subscriber
Maybe it’s just me but hearing the old man speak reminds me very much of James Randi.
Amazing content as always!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
It blew me away that someone would demolish a gothic church and replace it with a concrete block... America....
They did something similar in Denver except better. Didn't have to destroy the old church and the tower went up around it with no problem.
Pure talent. No words
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I can t stop smiling watching this
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
This building had a big week on youtube
BIG mistake replacing the beautiful gothic architecture with a concrete box. what was that pastor thinking
I am curious, how much is LeMessurier's fault in the calculations? Given that it wasn't him that approved changing the welding for the bolts and the bolt numbers calculation was way off. Would've been enough if the structure was welded as initially agreed?
Classic american greed, it all fun and jokes now cause it went well at the end...  In the end its always cost savings from people not doing their math and skipping steps due to personal bias in getting the desired result...
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Great job, this video was very useful!
Who else is here before this blows up
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
So is the church still there? Isn’t that the only reason they built it the way they did? Because a church was in the way?
Thank you for the great content!
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
ok, let me get this straight. they knew there was a chance of the building collapse. so instead of evacuating the building to do all the necessary modifications as fast as possible, they tried to do it in secret even though it pushed it dangerously close to a storm that could collapse the building ? so they put profit ahead of safety TWICE, and we are praising them ?
What a disgrace to demolish a beautiful history rich old building like a gothic church
Who else is here before this blows up
Loved the content, keep it coming!
You just earned a new subscriber
This gave me chills… in the best way
didn't anybody notice that in the name of this engineer dude there are 2 S?
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Amazing content as always!
Don’t know if I’d blame him in the first place. If it were welded there wouldn’t be an issue in the first place.
I live right next to this building 😂😂 I look up and see it every morning
sky scrapers make me so uncomfortable... i am glad the highest building where I live is just 60m tall and that is a church.
Who else is here before this blows up
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Who else is here before this blows up
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Algorithm finally did something right
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Software Engineer here, with computer aided design and the ability to run simulations, is there anything similar to Unit Testing that is performed as any kind of regulation? Like saved scenarios that can be repeatedly tested against a new building as it's being designed?
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Your first mistake was knocking down a church to build another high-rise.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
That student that randomly called him...
Um..Derick, he didn’t discover it. It was a female engineering student no? He confirmed her calculations and concern were correct.
This gave me chills… in the best way
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I can t stop smiling watching this
Amazing content as always!
This is WILD! Such a cool documentary!
I can t stop smiling watching this
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
LRFD
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
1:38 I am absolutely horrified about what they have done with the church. Destroying something so beautiful just to put up a a plain brick. Brings a tear to my eye
This gave me chills… in the best way
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
You just earned a new subscriber
LeMessurier's decision saved what is in my opinion the second most beautiful building in NYC. The columns in the center are fundamental for the aesthetics and for the passages bellow - because humans love diagonals. The building changed the NYC codes because of the passage it crated underneath the building that constrasted with the long lifeless walls these large buildings created. The building started construction in 1977 (wikipedia) and that part of NYC was decadent at the time that's why the block was empty. That makes me think that it wasn't in the 1960s they started to try and buy the land but in the 1970s. I have no source, though.
So the story is that in the 20th century in the middle of New York a historical building was purposely destroyed with no government organization saying anything about its historical value? Than they built this ugly random shaped hi tech thing in its place? Why no do like they do in Europe and intergrade the old with the new? Preserving the beauty and making the new building stand out more than an ugly steel box?! What a shame! This new skyscrapers look will be obsolete in 20 years, the design of that old church - timeless!
LeMessurier didn't figure this out. An engineering student named Diane Hartley did and then she sent the inquiry over to him.
Ummm....they are called chair "legs".
You just earned a new subscriber
so, what are the odds of not one but TWO towers pancaking when hit by aircraft.
Algorithm finally did something right
Ffs... the guy's name is La-Measure... he should have changed his name to La-Miscalculation😂
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This is why you should never experiment with silly designs, no matter what the calculations tell you. Even though the chief engineer came up with brilliant ideas how to treat the structural problems, the design is still very stupid. Reality has the nasty habit of hitting you in the face.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
tin god bill lemeasure
I can t stop smiling watching this
This was super helpful, thanks!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
wait this is veritasium? sorry I'm clicking off lol I don't like you as a person
Who else is here before this blows up
21:50
Pure talent. No words
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
LeMessurier reliving an architect's worst nightmare 😅
Who else is here before this blows up
That's what I was thinking when I saw this building
This gave me chills… in the best way
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Holy that new Church looks ugly
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Man, this vid got me fired up — already lined up my next big buy: RockSolidProtocol all the way!
I ve had this on repeat all day
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mark my words: RockSolidProtocol’s going to create millionaires — setup, timing, market momentum — it’s all lining up perfectly.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
You just earned a new subscriber
Very well done, appreciate this video!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This man is a wise and honest man and a hero....when he saw, something went wrong, he took action immediately ! So should every man act !!!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
There were three issues: 1) no safety factor, the braces were wrongly not considered significant structural elements,  2) the quartering wind load analysis was not done, and 3) the dynamic loading during wind/movement wasn't incorporated. So, yeah, an intervention needed to be done. P.S. In Miami, good structural analysis didn't get done, and a pedestrian bridge collapsed before ever carrying people, crushing cars and killing 5.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I can t stop smiling watching this
Pure talent. No words
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Algorithm finally did something right
The issue was discovered by an undergrad student named Diane Hartly
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Who else is here before this blows up
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
I ve had this on repeat all day
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This was very informative, appreciate it.
Wasn't it a student who ran some simulations and found a potential structural issue? And then the engineers investigated and rectified?
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This was super helpful, thanks!
Pure talent. No words
You just earned a new subscriber
我歸我所愛的❤❤❤❤❤❤
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
That's a shame, an error only becomes a mistake when one refuses to correct it.  The corrective measures were taken.
Who else is here before this blows up
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
我們不會相遇
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
@7:48 he didn’t come up with the solution he “stole” the solution! The idea came from the Japanese please please please give credit where it is due, thank you
This is why personal Integrity is so important
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Who else is here before this blows up
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Shows a picture of a beautiful gothic church.  We got rid of this old thing.  Shows a picture of the lego block they replaced it with.  /sigh  People are so dumb.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
expecting this video to be some theorem that makes me question my physics and common sense was massive let down 🤣🤣
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This is an amazing story! Lovely to see a critical event that didn't end in disaster, but still led to a change in building code for safety.
Excellent documentary ❤
Great job, this video was very useful!
Loved the content, keep it coming!
Who else is here before this blows up
Algorithm finally did something right
I don't want to take bets on what would happen if this scenario were to play out today ...
Algorithm finally did something right
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
so im curious how does channel operates at this point - grab any video that went viral half a year ago, through production budget at it - get that youtube money? The video from Tyler Ley on the same subject was pretty good
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Wow I saw a short on this building like 2 weeks ago... wondering if you got the idea for this video from that guy's short or he got it from you coz it usually takes you a month to come up with a video. I just started watching the video btw, haven't even watched first full minute and I'm commenting 😂
And yet now we have a skyscraper in New York and San Francisco sinking.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
I heard about this somewhere else, it's nice to get a recap
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
#5 on trending
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
You explained this so well, thank you!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This was very informative, appreciate it.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Amazing content as always!
1:11 that's the Green Dot Aviation music!
Makes it easy to drive vans full of fertilizer under.
This was super helpful, thanks!
As a civil engineeer undergraduate, thank you so much for creating this video
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Who else is here before this blows up
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
You explained this so well, thank you!
Weird that theres a short about this exact thing from a couple weeks ago, i wonder if its content sniping (from either end) or coincidence
Who else is here before this blows up
Your videos are also Such Masterpieces such as the CitiCorp Headquarters. Bro next video on something electricity related, like the power grid, how it works, and how are we transitioning to Gigafactories
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
That NIST logo is scandalous
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Algorithm finally did something right
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Engineers. The people that make me realize my job as a senior tech support is not that smart. Awesome post as usual!
Credit to LeMessurier for addressing the flaw.  I take issue with him claiming fixing the mistake was the main ethical issue here.    First he participated in a firm where he knew it was possible the implementation could be different from his specification, ie welds vs bolts. That can’t be knowingly  allowed to happen.  Second, when a design is radically different from the norm, ie columns not on building corners, then all existing design and building experience is out the window and the new design has to be proven correct under all conditions, and a traditional analysis won’t do. There can’t be any, “we don’t do quartering wind analysis”, or “dynamics not necessary”responses.  That kind of bottom up design and 100% modeling is expensive, as it should be, and it’s the reason radical new  building designs are slow to appear.  An engineer in love with his shiny new elegant never seen before design is a dangerous thing.  Giving LeMessurier’s reputation a pass will allow these design failures to continue to slip into the modern world in an unseen way.
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Thank you for the great content!
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
No, not props.  The quartering winds stress tests should have been done prior to constructing.  They knew it was a new method of supporting a skyscraper, so why not run every test possible, even some that have never been done before.  That was negligence on his part and put many life's at danger.  I'm no expert but I have common sense to know that moving the support collums to the center of the sides will decrease stability.  Did yall play with Legos or something similar as a kid?
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
So, New York a big trap?  A prison of sorts?   Checks
Classic construction workers not following instructions and being lazy.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
There should be a full open documentary and a full inspection of the building again in 2025 The owners being very closed about safety of thousands is very odd, don't forget what 9/11 did you Americans!
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
Great job, this video was very useful!
Very well done, appreciate this video!
You lost me at “Destroy this crumbling old gothic church”. Like wtf? I swear our country holds so little value over the preservation of history. Guess it’s easier to re-write when the physical evidence doesn’t exist anymore.  It’s criminally immoral to tear down a beautiful church like that, and to then replace it with a lego piece should be sin.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Very well done, appreciate this video!
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The saddest thing for me is that they did not try to restore the church. Its replacement is atrocious. Why can't we learn to restore buildings that we could never build with today's costs?
This was very informative, appreciate it.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I can t stop smiling watching this
How do people not realize that someone entered in their office during the night, dismantled the sheet rock in the beams and welded some 2 meters of steel, then put everything back where it was?
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
1:30 was pretty
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Veritasium has 17 million subscribers. You would think they would past the cheap arrow and inflammatory title marketing tactics.
The US will never have nice things.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This gave me chills… in the best way
Incredible storytelling! thank you!
Pure talent. No words
I know I wouldn't like to befriend this LeMeassure guy as soon as I heard "them" instead of "us" or "me" when someone made an error he was responsable for
I can t stop smiling watching this
And, of course, if even ONE of those 'minimally necessary' bolts shears slightly early, the rest will be stripped away as if they were paper.  This is why many things are very specifically over-engineered.  Don't let the bean-counters win!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Pure talent. No words
You just earned a new subscriber
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Amazing content as always!
2:37 Like an engineer goes to a Physicist: fill our lives with more of yoir mathy notation!
CHUNE, not TOON. Geez
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
good job he noticed before they built it 🤣
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Pure talent. No words
Thanks everyone, this was excellent. And Mr. LeM makes me even prouder to be an engineer.
I ve had this on repeat all day
Great job, this video was very useful!
I ve had this on repeat all day
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
Fascinating and super interesting story! I loved it!😊
So the fix was to follow the original plan..
Pure talent. No words
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
You explained this so well, thank you!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
So what I am hearing is - christian self-enitilement is the asshole here who is actually the cause of the problem.
This gave me chills… in the best way
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Who else is here before this blows up
Turns out people forgive mistakes as long as you fix them and try to learn from them. Standard human behaviour. Anyone claiming to be infallible and perfect is lying to you.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Amazing content as always!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
When you know you made an error after the fact with good intention, you should be protected of any threath !! Otherwise, everyone is at risk !!!
Soooo, what if they never did do the repairs? *tinfoilhead
Sounds to me like it was the contractors fault through and through
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
how was this allowed? Easy, like how everything in youre country works. Bribe some ppl, pay some ppl, get it done. How are you asking this q?:))
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
This gave me chills… in the best way
It is the influence of brutalist modern architecture among other things that makes me call cities, concrete whores. It might be a matter of practicality but emotionally, it is devoid of flavor.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Algorithm finally did something right
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Very well done, appreciate this video!
I believe the Japanese used a concept very close to TMDs much earlier than the 20th century. In pagodas they used _shinbashira_ - long center beams strung from the underside of the roof and hanging down a shaft in the center of the structure. It basically works very similarly to a TMD and I believe construction of the Tokyo SkyTree (634m tall) war inspired by pagoda construction. Similar but not the same I guess. The TMDs LeMessurier came up with were truly a great invention - very helpful all around the world.  By the way, that church seriously received an enormous downgrade... but overall, a very fascinating structure.
Who else is here before this blows up
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
You just earned a new subscriber
When you start getting gutsy during a game of Jenga
why not tension the skipped columns with steel cables, they can't transfer bearing loads downward but prevent over tension the structural columns?
Pure talent. No words
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
oo
This was super helpful, thanks!
You just earned a new subscriber
I can't emphasize how nice it is that you make the references. This is a thoughtful video.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Are you sure?
I ve had this on repeat all day
This was super helpful, thanks!
I know I did not hear ''old crumbling gothic church'' then proceed to replace it with a catacomb.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Your videos are always so helpful, thank you!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
For 24 years it was only the third most dangerous building in Manhattan.
If this happened in India 🇮🇳... 🤣🤣🤣
This is why engines engineers are the closest thing we get to superheroes. Firefighters, doctors, etc. are heroes no doubt but they are responsible for dozens, maybe 100s of lives. Engineers have the safety of 10s of thousands dependent on their work.
I ve had this on repeat all day
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I can t stop smiling watching this
You explained this so well, thank you!
Imagine how this would play out in russia.. no one would admit a thing.. and after all.. a big domino I think!
👍🏻
You explained this so well, thank you!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I ve had this on repeat all day
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I like this channel !
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
as someone whos played polybridge, I can confirm this is a bad idea
A person named Careless, getting information to a man that made a mistake, called Measure....   Sounds like fiction.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Thus providing proof that the factor of safety (continually reduced through time based on cost/time/materials savings and perceived improvements in calculations and analysis) should be kept higher than what is considered necessary.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
The media blackout timing and the death of the primary engineer… “unfortunately he died in 2007 before he could identify the student” … sounds pretty sus to me. Anyone else?
That’s the ugliest church I’ve ever seen
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Oh my god this is like game of thrones
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
I ve had this on repeat all day
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Amazing content as always!
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
make a video on Einstein ring
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I ve had this on repeat all day
Great tips, thanks for sharing!
Thank God, the two towers didn't topple over on the 11th of September in 2001...
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Wow the replacement church is so incredibly ugly omg
This was super helpful, thanks!
This was super helpful, thanks!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Loved this video, keep up the great work!
Really appreciate the insights in this video.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I can t stop smiling watching this
I remember this being mentioned on my first day of engineering classes in 2012.
As a european, what's extremely surprising to me, is the ugly church reconstruction .....
Thank you for the great content!
George Levine, was a unique NYC Architect & real Engineer known in Manhattan for his ability to fix fatal design flaws but supervised construction daily. Example, an apartment building built a huge movie theatre replaced inside posts with massive horizontal beams, not OK with wind. The developer of the massive "Universal City" earthquake prone LA would not do without George, knowing he was an OLD CAR buff bribed him with cars from Universal's inventory.
I thought hurricane season was over
You just earned a new subscriber
Now you know another reason why the tariffs are necessary. The story behind this is it was built with cheap Chinese steel that was using falsified grades of steel. Or in other words, they ordered one type of steel, and got another type, which ultimately caused structural problems in the building that costed hundreds of millions of dollars to fix, and even then it's only really a patch job. And it wasn't just some mistake, they sample test the stuff when they get it, they just can't test every single beam of steel, so they gave them some of the correct steel they ordered, then switched it out later when the bulk of the work was being done. I find it really sad how these facts are omitted entirely from this video.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Pure talent. No words
LeMessurier: this could kill thousands!! Comments: yeah but that church tho
22:27  Would be interesting to note who and how many people "conveniently and coincidentally" decided to suddenly use up all their accrued vacation time, or even take unpaid vacations during this process !
"They' wanted to use bolts, 'they' only used four bolts, 'they' didn't overestimate the amount of bolts needed. Fascinating how someone still avoids owning up to their own mistakes in a seemingly brave story about owning up to their own mistakes
I ve had this on repeat all day
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
it wasnt unique they used the same design for the underground structures at denver airport they said they abandon
Ripoff, unoriginal. You lost it Veritasium. After the Elon episode, it's been down hill 😓
This gave me chills… in the best way
This gave me chills… in the best way
It’s really cool it looks like they have a viewing area to see the damper in that Taipei building
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
test
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
ah the goliath national bank
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
The AI cartoon is trash.
I can t stop smiling watching this
10:50 World??? You sure about that?
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
You just earned a new subscriber
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
too bad the building code wasn't updated after they found out & repaired it, but rather many years later after an article...
“Hey Quinn. Do I remind you of the donkey that killed your mom?”  😂 who tf comes up with this 💩?
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I ve had this on repeat all day
let's replace this "old and crumbly" beautiful gothic church with... a slab of concrete.  peak US moment
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I ve had this on repeat all day
I saw short on same topic 1 week ago on urbanist. I hope you don't copied from them🤭. Great video got lot to learn 👍.
1:40 how beautiful and inovativ...its a brick.
Who else is here before this blows up
Watching this while traveling on an eSIM from Saily 😁
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I visited the one in chicago. It is a cool building.
0:17 AGAIN?
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
32:58  <3 <3 <3
It seems strange to me that there is no mention of any metallurgical tests to determine whether the microstructure of the tension, compression and weld repair areas were ever tested for grain change, which would embrittle the building materials. Brittle steel will snap over time. To my mind, this should have been a situation that needs monitoring, not only in this instance but in ever building standing.
“I was the only one in the world who knew the building wasn’t safe”.   No…..you were definitely not.
29:15  I'm confused, why call it "quartering winds" when it could be called "cornering winds"?
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This story is NOTABLY different from everyone else's telling of this story for a long time.  This version is told almost as if it was a propaganda piece defending the architect / engineer !  {of course this could be the real story. I am just pointing out that this version is completely different from every other version ! Way more positive for the engineer architects !]
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Pure talent. No words
Why does the church remind me a lot of that church in GTA Liberty Ciry stories
So Bill LeMessured le bolt forces.  Huh!  Almost like it's in the name.
Algorithm finally did something right
I ve had this on repeat all day
Algorithm finally did something right
Couldn't they have just added more bolts?
12:41 bolts are better than welds in almost every situation
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Is this a reupload?
I hope that whoever decided to bolt those beams together instead of weld them to save $250k got fired.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Algorithm finally did something right
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I liked when he used to make his own videos.
That’s the new church? Y’all worshipping the cube?
The massacred the original church building. Amazing 😢
Personally, I think Citi Corp is an exceedingly bland building.  No interesting style at all. And the stilts make it look unsteady.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The thesis of this video is dystopian. How is that good ethics. They were risking the lives of so many people just so they wouldnt get a bad reputation
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
He didn't make the discovery. A architectural poster grad figured it out
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
You just earned a new subscriber
replacing the church was criminal
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Man I wish there was a way to turn off that annoying background music. Can't watch this...
when i look at it, it feels like it would fall on me 😝
As a Civil Eng. student, it is amazing to see how buildings were designed, all by hand calculations... It seems amazing and, even though it would give a completely new way of understanding buildings to anyone who did this much work by hand, I'm incredibly glad we have software to do this now
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Sir, are you planning on retiring in the near future? You seem to have multiple people going across the country to do what you did in the past.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
The original church should have been preserved. Come on.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I don't know if you've covered this topic before, but someone big in the youtube STEM field definitely has, and this is a fantastic addition. I didn't know there were lectures from Lemesseiur himself, nor did I fully understand the engineering design. I remember it being described like the boughs of a tree, and that a grad student had caught the mistake about the quartering winds, but that's about it. this is a wonderful deep dive into the full story. Thank you.
4:32 unique means stupid in this context
Algorithm finally did something right
Me confused seeing this video after having watched the B1M video on it a long time ago
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
In this case the name did not coincide with the man untill later!!!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
“Skyscraper on stilts” 🤡
They told nobody? seriously self regulation is ridiculous. Apparently lives aren't worth public image damage
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Pure talent. No words
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
If your guna not talk about this as a success and moral example story , to everyone and keep it very public and proud , you’ll just encourage others to not speak up if and when the same thing happens again , for all we know it has , w no one will know till the event happens, I know of buildings that were impossible to fall , and ships that were impossible to sink ….. hmmm
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Imagen doing nothing, sell the company and retire on a nice island, and paitently wait to see the whole skyline crumble. That must be one hell of a powerrush...
Great video! Really enjoyed it.
Had they solder the thing as he intended all of this wouldn't have happened BUT HEY, they saved 2.5 million. And then spent an extra 6 to fix it.
Pure talent. No words
"if you think safety is expensive, wait till you see the cost of a disaster"
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Similar thing happened in Boston with the John Hancock tower. It was kept secret for years.
I can t stop smiling watching this
I ve had this on repeat all day
Loved the content, keep it coming!
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I ve had this on repeat all day
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
The members of the city planning commission all got newspaper's with fishes sent to them as a slight encouragement to not oppose this building 🤔?
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
May the mistakes LeMessurier made as an engineer be fully eclipsed by his humanity. A storm faced and weathered.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I ve had this on repeat all day
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
JESUS H CHRIST THE ADVERTS INSIDE AND OUTSIDE OF THIS VIDEO - I'M LOSING THE WILL TO LIVE HERE!!
the biggest blunder was removing that original church
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
@veritasium, can you do a program on US weather management patents? Do they work and how do they affect the environment.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Thats why you LeMessurier twice, cut corners once
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I don't get it? The overlap is so minimal. A small cantilever section to that corner where the church is would have done the trick. Pointless to the extreme.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
His original design has redundancy for a reason. Every engineering efforts has usually some redundancy just to avoid catastrophe because of unknown factors, yet there are people who want to save money thinking such redundancy is unnecessary just to find out that it was a big mistake in later stages of the projects.  The world is full of such people who unknowingly modify things at their will undermining the engineering that requires to build resilient systems.  Some of the decisions comes from experience and are natural to engineers while alien to typical person.  Yet again and again we see people ignoring engineers and solutions being taken for granted.  Kudos for him to recalculate and fix the mistake. One mistake of a normal person can risk few lives but one mistake of an engineer may put thousands or millions lives at risk.  People will never get that until they become victim of their own stupidity!
This was exactly what I needed, thanks!
They could have simply had the one corner cut in half, so it would be kind of triangular, with three corners
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
We are waaaaaay more expensive when we do re-work for incompetent engineers.
The color banding in some of the illustrations is atrocious, even in 4K. Might I suggest you use uniform backgrounds for the graphs?
Definitely an architectural student who found the error. To start out with such bs 😂😂😂
TUFTS UNIVERSITY MENTIONED!!!!! 6:28
Algorithm finally did something right
This is why skyscrapers continute to terrify me. Country kid, through and through.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Because of the stupid church, they have to go with that horrible design.. sad
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Situations just like this are why engineers join and take the oath of Order of the Engineers. It's like the hypocratic oath for doctors, but for engineers we with the best of our knowledge will make sure our creations do no harm. You have to hold up to that.
So for 20 yrs he knew cornering winds could f up a building but didn’t say anything for others to learn?? Why wait for the new yorker to publish. Seems like his morals aren’t as good as they might seem - I wouldn’t be praising him
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I ve had this on repeat all day
I literal never had issue with roaming because my sim has free roaming at least half of the world
Algorithm finally did something right
Is this the building that the architecture student raised the alarm about?
It's odd how many of these sorts of things, citi-corp, Hyatt Regency walkway, etc. seem to stem from a contractor wanting to build the thing differently than the plans to "save money" and then asking for a quick turnaround on the review of the proposed change. It's almost like these engineering firms just need to tell teh contractors to sit down and build it like it says on the plans, and/or the engineering firms need to get the contractors looking over the plans much sooner, but who would pay them for that review...
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
too brave
Record breaking thumbnail and title changes in 24 hours🎉
You just earned a new subscriber
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Very well done, appreciate this video!
A skyscraper will need to be exceedingly rigid in order to "topple".
I ve had this on repeat all day
Very familiar with this story as an avid Numb3rs fan.
You just earned a new subscriber
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Vertasium, back at it again with a fantastic video.
Worse part is that the church dont even pay taxes.
5:21 OH NO I SEE THE PROBLEM TOO MUCH BENDING SO FALL OVER
The architect wasn’t the one that discovered it it was a college student that found the error
The first title wasnt clickbait enough?🙄
Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
13:05 - the student was not a he. The students name is Diane Hartley (Whitbeck). I see this is addressed at 28:40.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Willis Tower was Sears Tower in '77.  Your graphic should label it for what it was called back then.
Ltdr capitalism
Pure talent. No words
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
What a shitty church… I’m sorry but that’s just ugly…
I read that the designers learned of the flaw when an artchitecture student from Princeton on a project contacted them for help to discover why her wind stress calculations differed from the designers'.
“It will save us boatloads of money!”
I ve had this on repeat all day
I say LeMessurier not informing the thousands of people who's lives were in danger was bad ethics. The job would have been done faster and safer.   If we follow his ethics there could be thousands of buildings at the brink of collapse now that we don't know about because people refuse to talk.
I can t stop smiling watching this
Poor old Gothic church... That was God's and the Good Taste's  vengeance 🤣🤣🤣🥰🥰
Could you imagine designing a building and realizing mistakes that could kill thousands after it was built?😅
Algorithm finally did something right
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
This is by far the most interesting video I've ever seen on YouTube and believe me, I've seen thousands. The storytelling is outstanding
HE DIDN'T make that discovery - A grad student did, informed him and then he looked into it.
Why in the world would you paint this person as good and the evidence say otherwise?  Why all of a sudden, veritasium is talking about a random building? I looked deeper into this and voilah! This building guy is Jewish and also the author 💀 Good animation though. You almost got me there😂😂😂😂😂
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
3M views in 20hrs is insane ..
A female engineering student discovered the error not whom you opened with.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Wow I've passed under this building so many times to access the subway station underneath it, and my brother's girlfriend works in this building, and I had no clue. This is a crazy story!
They destroyed a piece of classic gothic style architecture to put a weird box in its place. That's all I needed to hear to realize this was a soul-less company.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
So the whole story about an engineering student being the one to realizing it & saving the day was simply added for special effects. Oh ok 👍
Wait. Doesn't this issue stem from the fact that they used bolts and not welded it. The original engineer Le Messurier had everything right as he had suggested welding it together.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
They said in the video that the Citicorp building when it was built it was the 11th tallest building in the world, but that it was the first to use TMD technology. Yet, the 2nd building shown in the graphic they use, which depicted the two World Trade Center towers, is a case of TMD's -- both towers had TMD's in the form massive pendulums that act as counterweight to the building's sway in the wind. Good video...but incomplete research.
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Where is Diane Hartley now? What did she have that made her the only person to ask that question?
This gave me chills… in the best way
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Watching this right after writing my statics final lmao
Hmm if they got the entire block, why not just build the tower near 3rd. Ave. instead of near Lexington?
You just earned a new subscriber
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I ve had this on repeat all day
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
This should be an important case study in the difference in ethics in engineering and finance. The engineers are proud of owning up to mistakes and fixing them - the finance people want to hide mistakes and the people who act responsibly to fix them.
I am pretty sure that a little bit more of investigation would have discovered the name of the "anonymous student".  William LeMessurier's wikipedia page says that the student was: Diane Hartley
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
2:20 If I understand correctly, the whole affair could have been avoided if they had settled for a less presumptuous approach and only notched out one of the four corners.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
So they cut corner to save on production - literally cut corners.
What this also highlights is the risk of changing a design simply for cost-cutting reasons and not properly testing those changes to the design.
LeMessurier didn't measure everything
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I don't understand how building codes could ignore the simple fact that wind can blow in any direction.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I've heard this story before, and I think I'd even watched the video of the professor explaining it. But hearing the detailed interviews describing the reasoning behind all the initial design decisions was really interesting, and the 3D renderings were great too.
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
This gave me chills… in the best way
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
He didn’t make the discovery a woman grad student found it.
As a Civil Engineer this was an absolute treat to watch. I learnt about this a few years back through Tyler Ley's channel but Derek's team made it so much more interesting !
Ayz wow
Thats not a church, what a crime.
This video was amazing, learned a lot.
Thanks for sharing this, learned a lot.
Haughty overpaid shitbags approving something that makes no sense? You don't say...
I ve had this on repeat all day
I seem to remember an early episode of NUMB3RS doing something like this but don't remember the details.
You just earned a new subscriber
Pure talent. No words
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Pure talent. No words
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
his video about the City Corp Center is absolutely fascinating! The story of discovering and fixing that critical structural flaw is a testament to incredible engineering and ethical responsibility. The near-disaster with Hurricane Ella is intense – truly a race against time! Amazing how this led to significant changes in building codes and the wider use of tuned mass dampers. Thanks for sharing this incredible piece of engineering history! [27:44]
The dude was called "THE ONE THAT MEASSURES" ( I don't speak French, but I'm going with it) what a legend. Also, I'm not a religious person either, but this guy was certanly helped by God, the church had something to here, there's a lot of mysticism in this story, wonderful video!
Proof that you should always LeMessurier twice and build once…
They paid hush money to the welders 😂
Knowing the story behind this skyscraper..... I'd be glad if veritasium could make a video on Burj Khalifa.....after all it's an engineering wonder.....!
Excellent video - thanks!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Who else is here before this blows up
This gave me chills… in the best way
This gave me chills… in the best way
Algorithm finally did something right
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Algorithm finally did something right
If they weren't stupid, they could have merely made a standard square skyscraper and rotated it so it set as a diamond shape rather than a square, and they could have built four churches had they wanted to,
And before the modern Tuned Mass Damper, Japan had the shinbashira. The oldest one dates from 594 CE. Shinbashiras are still used today in modern buildings, like the Tokyo Skytree.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I ve had this on repeat all day
Pure talent. No words
😂 knock knock  Who’s there? Derek from veritasium 😳 He wants to ask some questions about the 601.  Oh sh*t. Just don’t answer, he’ll go away and we can continue pretending, this never happened 😁  Just think transparent and he won’t see you.
World Trade Center "Hold my beer"
Pure talent. No words
Judging by the title, I thought this was going to be a meta-commentary on the socio-political climate, redlining, and feature a police headquarters.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Safety Culture is a very important organizational feature.  It’s what you need in groups dealing with critical operations: Aerospace, Nuclear, Critical Infrastructure, Medical, etc., etc., etc
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Oke, cool engineering, but omg that tower is ugly.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Watching this on a windy day in NYC
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This gave me chills… in the best way
A bolt, a nut,  an o-riing....details matter.
Why are there 10,000 bots in the comments? Same four things said over and over again
20 hours ago
I just seen a short abt the student that apparently saved Citicorp bldg hours before this video came out. And good heavens know that the algorithm is just preparing me to watch this one. And I’m delighted to the core!
The fact that this building can cause domino effect in the entire city
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Pure talent. No words
Ive been up taipei 101, that dampner is huge, i think it was near the 90th floor, its 2 or 3 floors big,  unfortunatley the view that day was not great due to heavy fog
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Don't design skyscrapers like this ever again.
Who else is here before this blows up
Great overengineering in the name of God! :D
do you know that the name "LeMessurier" comes from the french and means "the person taking the measurements"
Correction....a student discovered the expert's critical flaw.
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I can t stop smiling watching this
Well, at least they have their own church to pray that the building stays vertical.
Pure talent. No words
Glad that he took all the measures necessary to protect everyone
Stop using the metric system in your videos. We're in America ffs.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Even as a non engineer, I have heard of the City Corp tower case, and its a fascinating topic.  Didnt actually know it was the first to use mass dampeners on buildings. When you said so I was like 'no way, these are everywhere!'  And kudos to all involved, from LeMessurier for coming forward, to the CityCorp CEO for acting on it rather than handwaving it off or burying it.    The public response is also a great thing to see. If you vilified them, all you are doing is ensuring future cases like this shut up because of the consequences.    So props to the media and public for praising action rather than condemn a honest mistake.
Algorithm finally did something right
Algorithm finally did something right
Who else is here before this blows up
Just build a fat skyscraper next to it to stop wind
Why are buildings in the US so ugly
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Cutting costs will ALWAYS come back to bite you,
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
The Red Cross might have been told but the City of New York wasn't. I recall an interview with former Mayor Koch where decades later he said something like I may not remember everything from when I was mayor but if someone told me a building could fall down I would have remembered that.
Thank you for the great content!
Who else is here before this blows up
UGLIEST CHURCH EVER!!! WOOOOW!!!!!
24:37 Dont get me wrong, I totally commend LeMessieur for owning up to it, but I feel like a crucial part of this story is overshadowed by his "heroism" in this situation.   In this clip, I think he overestimates the morality of the "white lies" which will prevent people from a mass panic. We have to remember, this mass panic is totally contingent on them having to be in the building, i.e. not being able to miss work. The real panic is from the companies who will suffer great loss if this ever comes out, or if their employees god forbid prioritize their safety from a potential major disaster. But in reality, it's the people who panics because the companies have the power to  incentivize people not to miss work. They wouldn't be panicking at all if companies were willing to prioritize people over profit. Call it the "harsh reality" that we should just accept but to distort the narrative to this story of one man's difficult choice and duty is simply misleading and reeks of ideology. Again, this is not to chastise LeMessieur, but to point out how he himself was led to believe that a contingent choice was his necessary, moral duty.
previous church was beautiful lol
Algorithm finally did something right
It wasnt the engineer that discovered, it was a engineer student that called him and asked him about the side winds, He checked his calculations to see his mistake
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Pure talent. No words
The animated character looks like he really realized that unleashed cathulu on the world
You just earned a new subscriber
The mob farm on my bro’s MC server that was taken out of commission back in 2024 kinda looks like this place
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
What about The Oldest House ?
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
They tore down that beautiful gothic church and built that fugly thing?
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Algorithm finally did something right
Fantastic video, really appreciate your effort!
I can t stop smiling watching this
5 women could call and would still be dismissed.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
:15 nobody in the US has a clue what 110 kilometers per hour means. Know your audience.
unique? Maybe not completely - go look at the Glendale, CA city hall building
Need more stories like this plzzz
4,07 bolts means 5 bolts in engineering, as 4 bolts will not be satisfactory.
van dijq??
You guys have gotten sooooo good at this.  I mean, this video hits every mark.  The writing, the research, the production, the interviews, the graphics, the pacing.  This was fascinating!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Good idea if there was no wind😅 works good on play cards will someone slams a door
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Pure talent. No words
they knocked down the beautiful old gothic church and replaced it with an ugly death trap? modernity for you.
Why didn't they go further by harvesting the pendulum energy to use it for saving the planet?
I can t stop smiling watching this
you can allways learn from someone thats WAY younger then you. i try to learn from everybody at work. im not too proud. cool story
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
1:38 What? Replace that "old crumbling gothic church"?😱
Superb piece! Absolutely riveting (no pun intended)!
.... Now that Golden Girls hurricane season line isn't as funny.  The Golden Girls was the group of elderly friends in NYC, right?
Algorithm finally did something right
Can someone explain 5:13? How does the beam in compression pull on the joints?
They should have told the public about the risk of collapse as soon as they knew about it. I think them not telling the public about collapse risk and covering it up is criminal negligence and everyone involved is guilty. People have a right to know about the risks they are subject to.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
FACT:  it was not the architect that discovered the architectural defect-  it was actually a random grad student that discovered it
Moral of this story: Always assume the geniuses in charge of everything around you are really not only complete fucups, but worthless evil bastards as well.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Hey Derek can you start making dubbed audio available as well , I mean that would make it more accessible to more people as well.
They should have named it "Jenga Tower"
If that sketch is real, I saw the flaw 11 seconds in
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Destroying that beautiful old church was such a travesty
This is why I hate New York - both the city and the state.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
You just earned a new subscriber
I ve had this on repeat all day
Pure talent. No words
Damn those Swedes calling us naive
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Why didn't they just pivot the building 45 degrees, so that it is facing the corner of Lex and 53rd, not in alignment with the corner?
Narrator sounds like Kermit
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I didn't want this video to end.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
What happened to finite element analysis of the loads under windy conditions?   A fundamental and necessary element of the design process?    There's a story there about design checking.
That poor old beautiful church demolished for this modernist slop devoid of all beauty
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
The real crime is the destruction of that church and you guys trying to hide it
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Little did they know all they had to do was fly an airliner into it, and it would completely collapse into its own footprint at freefall speed..oh well. At least we know now.🤔🙄
I ve had this on repeat all day
It wouldn't collapse.  It would topple over.  Topple over would result in a domino effect.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The gothic church was so cool lol what the hell’s is even that thing
Was he joking when he noted it would collapse in his lifetime? As if that was the reason he acted? That "joke" about suicide as an answer to this problem makes me wonder what he truly cared about.  He should have fixed the problem FIRST before considering leaving thousands to die and the only person who knew about it dead from suicide. Whenever I hear about this building, it makes me angry. I would have wanted to KNOW before setting foot near that building.
My son is 3 and is quite the expert at building towers. Even he could tell this was a dumbass design
You just earned a new subscriber
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Excellent overview and presentation. Thanks for sharing!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
You just earned a new subscriber
Its crazy to me they didnt consider wind coming in diagonally nor dynamic loads when it swings before building everything. Wind can come from any direction and at any speed, you cant control the wind to come from a certain direction at the scale of a skyscraper. Very good on him though for fixing the problem instead of hoping for the best.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
What a wonderful story!!! Thanks for bringing it up.
This is an example of outstanding engineering ethics? That is worrying. I don't understand why there was any hesitation or question. I don't understand why they took the risk of only working on it during the night and not fixing it ASAP just for the sake of keeping it secret. Also while I've only got a masters in mechanical engineering, it surprises me how much they trusted their hand calcs. To actually analyse something like this analytically you have to simplify it a lot, and essentialy need to slap a safety factor of at least 2 on it.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
They kept it secret from the occupants and the neighborhood who could all have been killed in a preventable mass casualty event. Giving them no agency of choice to take the risk or escape with their lives. Then they covered up the error and repair in order to avoid consequence. And patted themselves on the back and accepted all the accolades guilt free. But if something had happened it would be a different story entirely, titled LeMessuriers Folly.
Can you do something about high rise cladding in London? The story here is far from good.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
You just earned a new subscriber
And people say it wasn’t possible for a team to come into the twin towers and secretly plant thermite.
Algorithm finally did something right
i've heard from another video he didn't figure this out but was warned by his (female) student.
These people should be in jail
Pure talent. No words
when the architects name is "Measure" you know whats up
I can t stop smiling watching this
48 years and counting I’d say it passed the test.
1:41 That's brand new one looks like a public toilet
Structural enigneer here. This is my absolute worst fear. Missing some crucial detail that compromises the building integrity. All credit to Mr LeMessurier who went all out to correct his mistake. I hope I never encounter something like this in my career.
WTF, am i suddenly watching the B1M?
I ve had this on repeat all day
I think it’s hilarious that the comms center for the gauges was 8 blocks away. Like they could’ve monitored it on site but I’m assuming whoever was in charge of monitoring wanted to be FARRRR away 😂
A church? Looks more like 'the Concrete Man' took huge 💩
This gave me chills… in the best way
You just earned a new subscriber
And all this for a freaking church....smh
Kinda sounds like if there's anyone to blame, it's the guy who decided to skimp out on welds while building a first-of-its-kind skyscraper with no corners.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Very interesting story, thank you.
Wow that was a cool one. Great story.
This reminds me of the admittedly smaller engineering issue at the Hyatt Regency Hotel in 1981.  Interior sky walks were supported by round stock steel rods for 3 levels. By design the rods were continuous from floor to the ceiling 4 stories up.  But how do you assemble this?  So the builders cut the rods at each sky walk level and bolted them to the walk, slightly offsetting the next rod bolted through the walk on up to the top. During a Tea Dance the skywalks were filled with people and the 2 of the levels sheared off at the rod attachments then sliding down crushing the people between the concrete walks down to ground level. Over 100 died and several hundred more severely injured. Being a designer myself, though of much smaller devices, I will never forget how I felt for the people who made those design changes, and I never made a single change to anything ever again without fully investigating the possible performance results of such a change. Kudos for how this Citicorp group handled this, and even Mother Nature gave them a chance to fix it by making a rather unusual change in her storms flight path. One never really knows about such things.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I’m a civil structural engineer and this is my new favorite Veritasium video ❤
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I can t stop smiling watching this
How is destroying a good looking church ethical?
This is ridiculous. These people are horrible, they hid from the public something that put them in mortal danger. They should be imprisoned. F this capitalist propaganda BS.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
27:05 - This is crazy. I remember reading about this TMD skyscraper when I was in high school. In August 1978 my summer job in Jacksonville went away and I had some weeks before showing up at the University of Florida for classes, and my best friend, who was going to Berklee College of Music in Boston had his ride fall through, so we decided I would take a vacation and drive him back to school. My first time in NYC exactly when this story nobody knew about was happening.
just my 2 cent, saily is actually great.  i think i heard about it from a veritasium video, but in any case i used it on a 2 week trip and it worked easily and saved me probably a couple hundred bucks.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Wait, they kept it secret for almost 20 years, and only then the building regulations were updated to include diagonal winds??
They actually took steps to address the problem?  Amazing. Compare that to the Florida apartment building collapse.  The engineers, architects, owners, and realtors ALL KNEW THE RISK, but sold apartments for profit, because they could avoid legal responsibility by pointing fingers at each other.
This is the best portrayal of the Citicorp Center crisis I have ever seen right next to the 99 Percent Invisible episode "Structural Integrity"
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
A 6 year old, playing with blocks, would quickly realize the stilts are a bad idea. Why do we allow such nonsense?
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I ve had this on repeat all day
I am no architect nor do I know anything about building but even I can see that's gonna fall down
Pure talent. No words
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I must be a genius because I could've told you just by looking at it.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
This gave me chills… in the best way
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Briliant engineering video ❤️‍🔥 Please do more of these videos
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This gave me chills… in the best way
lol that new church is so ugly
I worked there for about 4 years... and they told me now!!!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
2:58 Did we really need to "Imagine a chair" to get this? lol
Pure talent. No words
How can the engineer decide to change the welds to bolts without first asking the architect. It seems to me that if any changes are made they should have to go back and confer with the architect first. That one step probably would have avoided this entire problem.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
It was actually a woman, Diane Hartley, she discovered that the building might fall from wind hitting the corners of the building.
8:29 pretty sure they used a tuned mass damper in a building somewhere in east Asia
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I can t stop smiling watching this
I can t stop smiling watching this
You just earned a new subscriber
Loved the content, keep it coming!
I can t stop smiling watching this
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I hope one day you could give us a real report on the towers that came down vertically along with building 7. These were all engineered by competent designers who take planes seriously. 👋😎✌️
I saw an involved piece on TV about this. The architect had nothing to do with discovering the problem. It was an engineering student studying the original building plans for grades on her college course. She shared her concerns with the course professor, who notified the proper authorities. I forget her name.
kinda crazy that soldering could be swapped with bolts without the architect not being told about it.
You just earned a new subscriber
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
24:24 SPONSORED GARBAGE POLICE
Grok:  In 1978, an architecture student, later identified as Diane Hartley from Princeton, contacted the chief engineer, William LeMessurier, about a potential flaw. The issue was the building’s vulnerability to quartering winds (winds hitting the corners), which were not accounted for in the original design, unlike perpendicular winds. Repairs and Impact The discovery prompted secret emergency repairs, including reinforcing joints with steel plates and installing emergency generators for a tuned mass damper. The building was strengthened to withstand a 700-year storm by September 13, 1978, and the story remained confidential until 1995.
Could have left the building unoccupied until the repairs were done, or at least evacuate well in advance with storms coming... but gotta keep those wheels of capitalism turning 📈💰
The "old crumbling gothic church" looks way better to me than the newer block of tasteless concrete that replaced it...
40 meter long structurals? As someone who has moved heavy and overdimensional through Manhattan and the other 4 boroughs of NYC I could do that easy as a Schnabel load on a steerable dolly. There was no reason to make them as 3 pieces from a hauling perspective.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I heard a student pointed out to LeMeasure that his design sucked
They replaced a beautiful church with a ugly monstrosity, that's 'murica.  On the plus side, if they don't fix that monstrosity above it, it will soon be rubble.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
That old church looked way better than that new one they put up.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I ve had this on repeat all day
Thanks!
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Algorithm finally did something right
"And I was the only man in the world who KNEW THIS!"  Dude you were the central engineer of the damn thing. If ANYONE in the world should've known it was you.
Yup currently in my senior engineering ethics course and this very example is still being taught. Very good video to explain the details further!
Pure talent. No words
He was told by a post-grad doing a PhD or something.  She found the mistake.  When he says he was the only one who knew, he might be a 🤥.  There was a doco on it, I believe, the student vs. the master type thing.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
11:08 Until… ( Ray William Johnson voice)
דורון פישלר!
Reminds me of the Rainier Tower in Seattle.  That one makes me anxious to be around and I can't imagine having to work in it.
Diane Hartley, hail to her!
“Hey nice mob grinder bro”
POV: you're stoned, watching YouTube inside Citicorp Building during a severe storm... and this pops up on recommended
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Who else is here before this blows up
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I can t stop smiling watching this
I'm about to take my final in structural mechanics,  and I get a truss analysis video from Veritasium???
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
There is also wind shear from the boundary layer, that addes to the forces in quartering wind.
these old gothic churches are the most structurally complex buildings that we humans have ever managed to create. We can't even recreate them because we no longer have artisans talented enough. we can only restore them on the surface. and then it gets replaced with whatever that pile of dung is supposed to be
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Who else is here before this blows up
Derrick and @veritasium team, this is such a treasure for structural engineering. And I frankly love the mixed feelings and lack of openness at the end. Because it is complicated and hard. Great job on this video.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
"Now the building, according to LeMessurier, can withstand a 1 in 1000 storm." *laughs in climate change*
That is one ugly and gawky church. Looks demonic 😂
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Clickbait. This has been widely covered.
Algorithm finally did something right
You have a mistake, The Trump Tower did not exist in 1977.
Sad
I ve had this on repeat all day
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I'm really no architect and I'm not through the whole video yet but could they not just have rotated the building 45° to have the stilts at the corners, circumventing a lot of problems?
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Who else is here before this blows up
Algorithm finally did something right
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Very questionable point... I m not agree with that. Building server centres, developing more mobile apps, even with AI will be not enough to develop the country. Comparing UK economy, household income with US completely wrong... Not have a time to list all mistakes 😅
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Is there any mass dampener systems that generate power? That's a lot of weight swinging in the wind
I can t stop smiling watching this
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This brings to mind the Millennium Tower in SF…
Old crumbling church liked quite fine compared to that turd they replaced it with
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
A structural engineer with the name of LeMessurier.... the man was born for this
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
So I just hit the point in video where they say it is bolted and not welded. Absolutely reinforced the stereotype of white-hat hardhats in their slacks and ironed shirts on jobsites being incredibly out of touch.  How could you ever hang your career on a building and not notice the lack of welders on site doing what they need to do?
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I am <extremely disappointed> in the attention grabbing misleading <thumbnail>. You are better than this!!
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Just one question: Does the building had ever been under those "dangerous winds" they compensate the structure for?
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
There is no choice.  Save the lives of the people.  BTW, I was married in that church.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
This gave me chills… in the best way
No wonder he couldn't see the problem, the table lamp is pointed at his eyes.
Friggin awesome video.
FYI we don’t use K/PM in New York my guy🤦‍♂️
You just earned a new subscriber
I ve had this on repeat all day
13:06 Not to reassure him. To reassure her.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
From the thumbnail alone, I can tell you there are a bunch of accidental rectangles in this thing because they forgot that floors are also vertically load bearing
Algorithm finally did something right
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
O . O  I did amateur construction and i know that all that weight in a single area is literally the dumbest thing you could do.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Algorithm finally did something right
Imagine electing a president who will kill thousands...
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Algorithm finally did something right
Never knew that cartoons could design and build a building .
is it weird to anyone else that a youtube channel has a producer? like what this aint hollywood man why cant u just make the videos yourself 😂
Church pastor:  "We're not moving.   UNLESS you agree to our demands.... 🤔🤨   The only way we will consent is if you tear down our beautiful cathedral and construct a misshapen concrete box to replace it.   And we want the sunlight over it 30% blocked.   30% and No More!" "You Sir...... have a deal." 🤑
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
i wonder how often he ignored warnings from engineers that the design was a bad idea.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Who else is here before this blows up
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Just listened to the 99% Invisible episode on this topic.  Pretty interesting stuff.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Bolts vs welds the two don't compare. Bolts eventually move. Wtf
Soooo, really it was the churches fault.
The church got really ugly tho
This gave me chills… in the best way
I actually like the advert, how odd.
Please include Imperial System measurements in your videos
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
If engineers continue to admit mistakes and fix them we will have a better world.
What a fascinating documentary. Especially about a building hovering  above Saint Peter’s church where I’ve played and visited many times. Knew nothing about this. Thank you.
For some reason when I saw the pendulum in Taipei 101 I wanted to sit on it
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Derik, you took this video to such a psychological point that i started crying when thinking what gone through that man's mind once he realized how many lives were in risk. Congratulations on making one incredible vídeo man
You just earned a new subscriber
1977 the tallest building was named The Sears Tower.
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
'Le meassurer' didn't live u to his name lol
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Nobody around Chicago will recognize the "willis tower" name. That is the Sears Tower in the tallest buildings graphic.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Very important the lives of the human race most certainly is. I appreciate your taking a risk in order to prevent people from getting hurt. You made the right ☺️🔋🥐💛👑🎂
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This story has been told 1,000,000 times
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
One of the many reasons i don’t think skyscrapers or any buildings that people can’t get out safely in any emergency should be built.
No one ever pronounces “wreak” properly.
The fact media didnt vilify him, is an actual pivotal moment in history. It sets a precedents, just like LeMessurier did by owning up. People make mistakes, but the moment you vilify it, it becomes a problem.   I dont like current classic media, but props for making the right decision. And ofcourse to LeMessurier for not just owning up, but fixing the mistake - its now a important lesson in construction. I guess thats why this event is so impactfull.
Pure talent. No words
RIP LeMessurier pronunciation, except "Le", everything is wrong 😂
Who else is here before this blows up
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
1:36 This "old, crumbling gothic church" was a million times more beautiful that booth the new church and the skyscraper.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Algorithm finally did something right
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Nobody talking about how instead of repairing a perfectly cool looking church they went for this minecraftian excuse of design
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This gave me chills… in the best way
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Elmeasure once, cut twice!  couldn’t resist! Just kidding, I applaud his integrity.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Diane Hartley discovered the flaw, not LeMessurier. Very disappointed in this flagrant erasure of a woman's contribution to the field not even 20 seconds into the video.
Why? Follow the money.
he is painted as a hero, but he did the bare minimum anyone who isnt a psychopath sohuld have done
I can t stop smiling watching this
I ve had this on repeat all day
Who else is here before this blows up
Bill didn't Measure
This is one of those instances where you see something and feel it shouldn't work, but then learn more and start doubting yourself, ultimately turns out your hunch was right, probably what that student felt, that it doesnt look right
I hear about some student of engineering doing his hypothesis, and found this structural problem with the building in a specific wind condition.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Wait, am I crazy or is critical damping the first point where no oscillation occurs. Cause the third panel clearly has some oscillation. ( 9:33)
It looks like a stupid and dangerous design at first glance. Turns out it was. Letting architects design multi million dollar buildings based on what looks cool is a bad idea.
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
LeMessurier calling on AT&T line:  "Is this Citicorp, 50th floor?   Hey, hang on!   I was just having my second cup of coffee and I thought of another way your building can collapse.....  this morning..........."
About the old church. Early XX century (1905), It was neo-gothic, nothing with historical or artistic values and less than 100 years old. I don't know what  law you have in the USA, but in Poland it wouldn't have been under the protection of historical monuments act at the time. Even now XIX copy cats (neo's styles) historical value is seen more in the name of architect and artist  life work or added artistic values, some innovation, not the year in which it was built, as it's literally just another copy. Stubbins's church has more right to be valued as a historical monument, than the old church. You have here the innovative and unique work of a great renowned architect, student of Gropius. So the category of historical, artistic and innovative values. Maybe it's not the most important or beautiful building, but definitely of more importance than the old church. Please appreciate what you have and don't look for something that is not, like gothic architecture in the USA 😅
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Yep - Why you NEED women in engineering.
its like a horse gate
Veritasium outsourcing video making.... hope the quality will not be sacrificed for quantity
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I can t stop smiling watching this
Pure talent. No words
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
So “STRUCTURAL engineers” reinvent the wheel and are so vapid that they don’t do every calculation possible to verify the STRUCTURAL safety of a pretty ugly design imo, then claim ethics when they hide it while bandaging it from the people in the most danger ⚠️ 🤔 I wouldn’t be caught anywhere near that building in a hurricane to this day, and stop lionizing assholes regardless of trumps new world
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Product of lack of education and intellagence by POLITICIANS
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Even ignoring the technical details, I'm surprised that nobody thought "what would happen to this building that doesn't have supports on its corners if the wind hits it at a diagonal"   Falling over diagonally is an obvious weakness in this building just by looking at it.
It is almost never mentioned but the architect designer was mainly Peter Woytuk, who died prematurely in the year 1974, years before the building was finished. As the architect Charles Nelson indicates: "One other fact you won’t find anywhere is that the original design to support the building was not LeMessurier’s idea, but Stubbins’ architect on the project, Peter Woytuk. Peter was a Director of Hugh Stubbins & Associates, and Vice President of Design. Woytuk sketched out the design on the back of a postcard on the flight back to Boston from his meeting with Citicorp. LeMessurier made that design happen." He continues indicating that he died of a rare blood disease which was not the case. Anyway, in the original design we can see the diagonal beam braces without any bolts, also included and altered in this video. The structural calculation error belongs to LeMessurier as the engineer. The switch to bolts and who approved it remains unclear, but Peter Woytuk was not involved as he died in 1974 just as construction began.
The fact that they were able to destroy that beautiful church and replace it with that POS is criminal.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Drapacze chmur powstałe na krwi i cierpieniu całego świata
Its NYC mafia capital of the world , approval payed for under the table to look the other way .
"Old crumbling gothic church" your most likely heretical a$$, van Dyck! On the other hand the new church design is preposterous.
Pure talent. No words
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
There is a broader responsibility to share knowledge and lessons.  While the immediate issue of the building was solved, sharing the experiences with the engineering world should have been done sooner.
Algorithm finally did something right
"Old crumbling gothic church" you mean a work of art that you destroyed?
Algorithm finally did something right
I ve had this on repeat all day
It's just me or this looks like one MegaBuilding directly from Cyberpunk 2077. I guess we are near that dystopia but without the cool technology
Lemessurier humility and bravery are what led the project to be safe and complete, great video 👍
At least make an effort and try to say the man's name correctly
You just earned a new subscriber
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
ERASING HISTORY! THAT TARTARIAN CHURCH WAS BEAUTIFUL!
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
21:09 FYI, this video also highlights how easy it would be for a small team to install thermite unbeknownst to the building occupants…
Pure talent. No words
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
19:58 “So he decided to name it: THE MANHATTAN PROJECT.”
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Ok but how was the blame put on him when his original calculations had welded joints and other engineers approved bolts
And thanks to honesty and integrity (and overcoming of fear which can be oh so difficult), Le Messurier has become the story all engineers and architects learn about (at least in the West).  Not as an example of failure, but instead of how in their profession, they always need to do what is right.  This hammers in (I hope) how they impact so many peoples lives in their jobs that they need to do right, or suffer potential tragedy.
OMG this building is 2 blocks from my office, the new calculations better work!
Algorithm finally did something right
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
One of the stanchions of the Brooklyn Bridge wasn’t built on solid bedrock. NYC is a true engineering and architectural wonder.
so yet again the base problems were religion and capitalism (forcing to change structure and saving money on welds) checks out
I can t stop smiling watching this
Le messurier should have measured three times before building. Sorry Couldn’t resist.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
“LaMeasure” is a fantastic name for a Building Engineer……
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Probably the best veritasium video I've seen yet. Amazing storytelling.
Never thought I’d see a video about a building that includes information that applies to two other interests of mine. Cars and audio. I’m a reasonably competent shade tree mechanic, and can design and build a decent speaker enclosure. The engineering aspect is quite similar and I love how in depth this channel goes. Just in case anyone isn’t aware, tuned mass dampers are relatively common in audio…usually in the form of a passive radiator or even, to a certain extent the much more common ported enclosure!
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we please talk more about the lead who decided not to weld? How are THEY still in business?
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I can t stop smiling watching this
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
That new church looks one thousand times worse than the old one.
Godless heathens, tearing down beautiful Gothic style church
My dad was a civil and structural engineer. This experience has made me never trust anything an engineer does. Ever.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
You just earned a new subscriber
ur videos are like gifts to me
I fear that if a situation like this occurred today and not in the 70s that corporation leadership wouldn't want to spend the money needed :/
This gave me chills… in the best way
We just had 6.2 earthquake in Istanbul. I wonder what happens if that happened to this building. We have great building etc and shock was insane.
2:38 yeah right 😂😂😂
Quartering winds seems like the OBVIOUS weak point, because there's nothing supporting the corners
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Too many ad breaks!
Amazing explanation of the Tuned Mass damper. 💥 My master's thesis was on TMD, that section was refreshingly nostalgic to learn about them again in a completely different context. Thank you veritasium. 😊
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
13:15 - WHO was that student? This person’s curiosity and thorough behavior saved lives, there’s no doubt. Edit: Sounds like there were two contenders who might have made that call. Either way, I’m positive they saved lives.
idk i still don’t trust the bandaid fix
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
I'm a structural engineer with almost 50 years experience.  I first heard about this story many years ago and I've met Bill LeMessurier.  Quartering winds are important but usually they don't add up to increase forces in braces, the individual engineer has to determine where they are important.  Also the building code doesn't fully credit wind loads depending on the building shape.  The video discusses adding the orthogonal components of wind and this is what would normally be done in practice but in reality the wind load acting on the corner of a square would be reduced by aerodynamic principles, i.e. the building is somewhat streamlined in that direction.  There is a small discount in the building code for shape of some types of structures but it wouldn't apply to an entire building such as this.  In all of the articles and videos I've seen this point was never addressed.  Doing a wind tunnel analysis would of course automatically consider this but hand calculations might not.  The wind tunnel analysis is the ultimate authority because it will consider shielding by surrounding buildings which is important in an area such as NYC.
Algorithm finally did something right
Manhattan is used to buildings falling down to be fair, so I'm sure it'll be fine.
Stark Laboratories :D
Pure talent. No words
I ve had this on repeat all day
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I guess this is why the Egyptians didn't build pyramids upside down. 😏
if you play this video in reverse, engineers work hard on making a building able to fall over and the client lets them.
an absolutely beautiful story, all technical wonder aside.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That “Old Church” was a technical marvel compared to the Boxes we build today.
This gave me chills… in the best way
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
This gave me chills… in the best way
I know the focus is on the main building, but *wow* the architect ruined that once gothic church into some nouveau block
$250,000 for a building that WON'T collapse seems worth it (almost nothing from a massive corporation perspective). The contractors should have confirmed the change with the designer first.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
I've got chills watching this video 🥶🇺🇸
I vote the abomination gets methodically deconstructed!
Total inconsistent units: mph, kmph, mm, tons, etc.   None displayed in split form.
Credit should go to the welders.
What a great video lads. Great quality and thoroughly interesting.
I like this
They wanted to save a quarter million by using bolts instead of welds. Then they spent 2.5 million to fix the problem they created by using bolts.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I can think of two buildings in New York that are more dangerous.
That vídeo was INCREDIBLE. Just what I needed today, really. Thank you ❤
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
You just earned a new subscriber
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
He lameasured the wrong winds
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I guess the LeMessurier was little off
Didn't tell the public about what they were doing........ and people call 911 conspiracy theory people crazy
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Who else is here before this blows up
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
This gave me chills… in the best way
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
99% of architects REMAIN SILENT after cheapening construction methods.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
I can t stop smiling watching this
That new church is disgusting.
Hot take: The new Postmodern-style St Peter's is actually a rather pretty building *from certain angles* ... but it's positively fugly when you see it's 'bad sides'.
This gave me chills… in the best way
What first year engineering student couldn't see the fatal flaw in this design? Unbelieveable.  Ever see the LA apartment buildings that have stilt structures that allow for more parking underneath?  Yeah, they fold like a house of cards during an earthquake.  Anybody else see the ironic juxtaposition of a defiant Christian church indirectly bringing down the church of wealth and greed?
All these comments from people complaining about the church. Move on already. This "mOdeRniSm bAd!" mentality is getting old and is little more than a knee-jerk reaction mainly from people who don't know what they're talking about. What if I told you that you can enjoy and embrace more than just a few ornate styles of architecture? The reason today many of us have little problem with demolishing buildings from the mid-20th century onwards is the same rationale the people back then had about the things they demolished. Often it was because those things were perceived by the people alive at the time as antiquated and stuffy. Choose to understand historical context and don't just jump to conclusions.
Pure talent. No words
The original Church looks better these guys made something awful
1.4 as in the diagonal of a square?
"You must do something."  Yeah, he was a great professional. Those students at his presentation were lucky, and probably got the message harder than any engineering ethics class could ever convey.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Thanks!
He made a mistake in le measurement. I’m sorry, I had to do this
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Pure talent. No words
i consider myself a bit of an architecture guy and holy freaking crap that new church is hideous and a failure as a church
All this because that bloody church would not move.
Bro you’re from America.  Use MPH at least in addition to Kmph   Your attempt to replace common practice ain’t gonna happen, As much as writers have tried to obsolete “ain’t”
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
32:04 - Sorry but all funding for this type of research has been canceled by the current administration. It was considered "wasteful"
Thinking about the genesis of this story, that must be the world's most expensive church.
The fact that they hid the truth to the people working in a building with 100% chance of collapsing and that still he got praised for it, is crazy to me. I'm glad he decided to speak up, but unless he was living in the building the entire time the repairments where being done, this guy deserves no praise, nor do the companies that hid very sensible information to the public AND THE GOVERMENT.  And people think less regulations are required.
You just earned a new subscriber
That replacement church looks like a concrete blow up golf range. What a travesty
Very interesting case study, really horrifying but satisfying also.
I can t stop smiling watching this
Random thing I just learnt: The church (St Peter's) was severely damaged in 2021 by a water-main break and resultant flooding.
Who else is here before this blows up
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This was great. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
20:26 LeMessurier's internal struggle - weighing career against ethical responsibility - mirrors dilemmas many professionals face. Through numerous interviews with decision-makers in crisis moments, I've found these character-defining moments rarely reach public awareness, yet profoundly shape our society. 📝
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
That 1 curious student saved so many lives.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Ugliest church in the world 😢
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Who would have thought building a skyscraper with a tiny thin toothpicky base under it would prove to be unstable. Well at least its really ugly lol 1:30 OMG what a loss.  They went from a beautiful gothic church to a misshapen concrete box
This gave me chills… in the best way
Pure talent. No words
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Image the one person who noticed the secret construction going on and told their colleagues but no one believed them
this was done in Taipai 101, great design
Wow, tearing down a beautiful gothic church for a cement block.  Marvelous!
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Wow I was on the edge of my seat the entire video. This so so entertaining.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
How the hell did nobody notice that there was construction happening in their office every single night 😂
You just earned a new subscriber
This gave me chills… in the best way
My question is how someone could not see that a single 747 could bring down a world trade center building in its own footprint in less than 1 hour. And yet could not bring down the Empire State building.  One further question is why are demolition companies not using 747 now to bring down buildings in their own footprint? A single $100 million 747 could save Billions in permits and demolition costs.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
I can’t believe they green lit that abomination or a structure.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The sad . thing is, they didn't structurally do as he initially asked.  He thought the beams were welded in the first place, which they weren't. That wasn't his mistake
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
You just earned a new subscriber
This reminds me of Seattle's creepy Rainier Tower (1977-1995). It appeared even less stable, but did not fall down.  In a high wind the entire tower swayed.  I experienced it once and never went back.  Evidently everyone was on coke in the late 70s.
Beautiful church replaced with a concrete block wtf.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
this is why static physics is brain melting
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Overconfidence, lack of assurance processes.
Just you imagine if the lead engineer had been in site while they were building it and saw the workers putting in the bolts...
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
This gave me chills… in the best way
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
I don't understand why there would be an hits to LeMessurier's career since he didn't do anything wrong.  He said to weld the supports, the crew (unbeknownst to him) bolted them.  They didn't follow his design, so he's not responsible for the problem. At all.
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
I used to work there! It’s such an awful building
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
I love that the TMD only moves in the directions which they calculated for .. also - surely they overstated the probability at 1/16 unless they have some reason to believe that a power failure is 100% guaranteed during high-winds. Once they have the emergency power supply they're back to a wind of that strength happening once in every 67 years plus it has to be in the right direction. I have a problem with all of this though given that the wind strengths in the middle of built-up area aren't anything like they are on a flat plain and it's kind of bizarre that the engineers didn't think they needed to calculate 'quartering' winds, even for a unique building that have not support at the corners.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Algorithm finally did something right
beeautiful
replacing that gothic church was criminal
Nice lip gloss
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
It was a STUDENT who pointed out this mistake.
The story of Citicorp center has such long legs (pun intended 😅).  Been hearing different angles on this story since I was watching Nova in the early 90s.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This gave me chills… in the best way
White lies in those situations are not at all totally moral. And it seems rather devaluing of the wellbeing of the general public to say that they shouldn't be allowed to know about significant dangers in their immediate environment. And it seems rather condescending to presume that they would just "panic" if they understood the danger that they were in. Rather, they would have made informed decisions regarding whether they wanted to be near the building. If they had not gotten lucky as all get out when that hurricane changed course at the last moment, then their recklessness would have killed thousands of people. And at that point their active refusal to let anyone know about the danger would have been the central point of the story. The original construction errors were procedural mistakes by people who didn't have full knowledge of the situation and thus didn't understand the consequences of what appeared to be arbitrary choices. But the subsequent silence about the danger was deliberate.
Pure talent. No words
are these names made up? le measure the architect/engineer? lee the careless? lmao
Amazing episode, thank you!
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
I can't be the only one who is triggered by this weird pronunciation 'LeMeasure'... Even Americans should be able to say 'Le-Mess-Sure-Yeah'.
Great story, well told. TY. This is why engineers should get extra stress pay, and extra time off, and free gym memberships & a daily professional massage. We must ensure engineers are well-rested, and cardiovascularly in tip-top condition. Imagine if LeMessurier just had a heart attack when he heard his welds had been swapped for bolts. Thank christ his ticker withstood that, I don't know if mine would have. Kudos to Walter Wriston also, for being a good leader & listening to and supporting his engineer, rather than burying his head in the sand like many weak leaders would have.
It appear the principle is like the world trade center buildings, either not fall at all, or fall to the ground completely.  There is no defend in depth of defects.
"we don't need to tell anyone, it might terrorize them" HOW NOBLE!!!
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
So the possibility that "a female" could spot it was so shocking?  Men -.-
TMDs have been used in Japan forever, you just learned what they have used for ages. They did not copy it.
This is like 40 years too late
The architect DID NOT DISCOVER THE FLAW. He made the error. The flaw in the design was actually found by an ENGINEERING INTERN/STUDENT. An Asian girl. Not sure where she was from.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
32:53 ‘It really is a remarkable story’.... ? Le Messurier just did the minimum: there were thousands and thousands of human lives at stake, and even if it had only been one !!! That's just what he says at the very end of the video. When the composer Arnold Schoenberg came to live in San Francisco in the 1930s, he wrote a letter to one of his friends in which he described an advertising poster showing a man getting out of his crashed car and tearing his hair out in front of the lifeless body of a dead child he had hit. The advert read: ‘If this man had been insured with us, he wouldn't be in such a state’. Schoenberg concluded: ‘And these are the people I'm going to have to teach composition to...’. The decline of the West begins and ends there.
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
the new church looks like one built by ocp
"Here I am, the only man in the world who knew this." -- as a software programmer, I had the same feelings.  Itwas not human lives at stake, only money, but I've seen people lose tens of thousand dollars per eve, and once I saw a company losing hundreds of thousands per second because of a silly mistake of a fellow colleague.
Why can't America fix a gothic church without ripping it down? Europe has managed it for centuries.
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
Saving video thx
This could be a literal movie script
Who else is here before this blows up
Who else is here before this blows up
That church was way better before
Hate your channel and your sell out
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Now ask those engineers what happened in 2001
So a massive undercover night executed project in a skyscreaper can go undetected for a months. No, i'm never gonna point on a specific two  towers in NY.
And now that DOGE and Elon Musk have cut safety regulation institutions left and right, catastrophes like these are bound to happen. You are no longer safe in this republican America.
I mean if it did fall it doesn't seem like it would be his fault cause he said to weld the joints and they just didn't
Bro never played jenga
He had to LeRemessuier
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
This has to be the ugliest church i've ever seen
This topic was already talked about by so many different YouTubers, that I feel like Veritasium is trying to jump into the hype train that has already finished it run. BORING!
why is ALL text italic on this page on this page and no other? Did you f with youtube again?
Left out the part where a female student discovered this and drew his attention to it.
To say a building can withstand an earthquake of a certain magnitud is incorrect. Any building can withstand a magnitud 9.5 earthquake if it is far enough from the location if the earthquake. On the other side, almost no building can withstand a magnitud 5.5 earthquake if it happens just below the building.
I am sorry but van Dyck? not van Dyke?
Yo this is a wild story  Way to go American ingenuity at its finest
Honestly, sounds like an elementary schooler designing and calculating a building. Baffling people were so careless in architecture and construction engineering. Considering winds from all angles not being common? So you design a building and guess the worst case of wind direction? LOL
Never thought that I'd watch a 30min story about a building. Superb story telling.
that old gothic church is worth more than that entire building lol
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
yes buddy we all have seen the urban guide guy make a couple shorts about this thanks for milking him with no credit
perm
It means measure it twice cut once
It feels baffling to me that they could come up with such a clever design, but fail to consider that winds also hit the building diagonally. That would seem obvious to me.
feeling bad for that church, what a masterpiece it was
They absolutely ruined that church.
The original gothic church looked soo much better than that shitbox they replaced it with
This is such a good video
And how was this allowed in the first place ?  $$$$$   stupid question.
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Didn’t a female structural engineering student point this out to him?
I don´t get why this was so acute what with God in the building´s boot heel.
Instead why couldn't the entire building be axially rotated by 45degrees? This way the main pillars would be directly under each corner.... Yes it would look a bit off considering it would not be in symmetry with other buildings... But it would be much safer.
I do have a mechanical engineer background, and just saying quartering winds on a building that looks like this doesnt matter is insane, and even when asked about it, not double checking is even worse. If you design a building that could end hundred of thousands of lives, i would calculate atleast 3-4 angles of wind. calculating just 1 like they did here is beyond me.  Considering not doing anything about it is also terrifying for the entire population of any big cities. Other buildings anywhere could just have engineers that are gambling its gonna be ok?  Also after finding out that its not structurally sound, who cares about calculating winds the last 70 years. Fix it, asap, winds in the past does not matter...
Pure talent. No words
These absolutely ruined that poor church
10/10 story
It was prettier with just the gothic church
this is the lamest, most pointless and sigh-inducing, the most pathetic time-wasting story I have ever heard in my entire life. what a pointless waste of breath this whole thing lmao. nobody learned anything and everybody lost.
Lot of moral and ethic quirks in this piece. Main one, they stand that "avoided mass panic" by hidding the truth. In reality, they exposed innocent people to a risk that was known and certain, just  didn't want the lawsuits. They just could have closed the building to reduce the risk of victims to a minimum while they repaired it. But they let the people access the building.  Architects just put their legal security and honor above thousand of lives. Ve tries to justify this by using the architect's remorse and its suicide feeelings. That's not ethics at all, it's just shelfishness. And the  "worked with the emergency services" seems like a lame patch. "The building can collapses, thousands will die, but at least we are prepared." ... To recover the corpses? Main lemma of the video is "at least they did that" instead of "they did the right thing, the best".
This gave me chills… in the best way
Dig
A great story what to do when a mistake is made.
They didn't do the right thing. The whole area should have been evacuated for a time it took to make repairs, and the only reason it hasn't was money! The whole talk about trying to avoid panic is obvious and utter nonsense. And they all know that!!! No wonder they do not want to talk about it publicly. They all participated in a cover up and played with people lives.
This gave me chills… in the best way
1:30 such a hideous church. Good riddance
Who else is here before this blows up
You just earned a new subscriber
They demolished a classic gothic church and replaced it with a lunchbox?!!?  Modern architecture is evil
religion are dangerous parasites
This was the first podcast episode i ever listened to back in the day! 99pi was an epic show, and their episode on this tower is phenomenal!
Why did they not turn the building 45 deg? Thus placing the pylons at the corners. Ok I did not watch all the video...
Mob grinder
I've been to the TMD in Taipei 101.  It's truly impressive.  And so is the view from the top stories of the building.  The Citicorp building and the Tacoma Narrows Bridge are both taught in every engineering curriculum.
We’re in America, we use MPH not KPH.
How many other times have we been lied to about the safety of everything.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
I worked in that building for 5 years and lived to tell about it.
been watching this channel for over a decade and i think this video is brilliant. its not just a great story, but it shows that ethics is important and making mistakes and owning them is amazing for the greater good of our society
even as a non engineer i even know to build things for twice the expected max load especially if lives are on the lives.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
How the hell did this m*ron LeMessurier design a building by calculating the wind from only 4 sides... since when does wind act like this, especially in an urban environment it is more than expected to have wind in the corner of the building. Also, why isn't this sc*mb*g in jail? It shpuld be the same as for the doctors. After discovering the problem, he ... checked the historical weather forecasts? Most likely to keep quiet if by chance there wasn't such a strong wind there beffore ... and finally instead of announcing it to everyone after it was secured, he keeps quiet again. B*stards like him will always get away with it, but if a tragedy had happened - "It happens" P.S. Great video, amazing editing and prooved information as aways
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
"Old crumbling gothic church" *shows the most beautiful building i have ever seen*
This man is the culmination of true care for the job. People will be in his shoes and just be like "eh it shouldn't happen for some time" and never fix the problem. We have seen this in action numerous times throughout history... This man is the reason people are still alive today.
You just earned a new subscriber
my god, they massacred that church
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Check out 270 park avenue  Chase bank new headquarters
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
While it's always nice to watch a video about my hometown, please, do not add any sort of music on top of your dialogue track.   Playing music while you are speaking is distracting to job #1: listening to you and paying attention to what you are saying.  Whenever a YT host does this, it just gets in the way of viewers who are trying to learn either how to do something or learn about what happened (a la aviation problems, for example).  So, please, no music while you are speaking. It's fine when no one is talking, though.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
16:24 note that you rounded down the amount of bolts required, something that should never be done. You essentially calculated the minimum needed for your requirements and then said "A bit less than the minimum will be fine as well".
>ruin a Church >face God's wrath
Worst crime is the horrible church they built
Pfff , this episode is kind of nerve-wrecking.
It wa$ aproved!
unnecessary problem but it's also an upside because they've made the entire generations more aware of the issue. The problem though is that someone undermined his project and not welded the chevrons like he ordered them to.
thats ... the worst looking church ive ever seen. what a travesty
City guidelines wern't updated for two decades because he kept it a secret .
"were here at Stark Laboratories"  :D  "im not with Ironman"  :(
proving mistakes are the impetus for rapid adoption of sound engineering practice.
Who else is here before this blows up
This gave me chills… in the best way
Loved the video, I am currently in first year of engineering, it's nice to see statics in action like this!
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
I’m no engineer and hold no architecture qualifications and can tell within 0.3s this thing is a completely unsafe design. How TF did they allow this. The arrogance of hiding it from the public is criminal.
This gave me chills… in the best way
Omg falsitasium again
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
You just earned a new subscriber
It's upsetting that novel building designs are not required to go through more mock ups and wind tunnel tests. He caught this error really by fluke and great luck that high winds had not already occurred.
Architecture's sweet dream is a engineer's nightmare is true fr
I love these Cosmos like animations. Please don't remove them or change the type of animation!
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
I have never seen such an ugly church in my life. (new one oc)
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
The top of this building was made to rotate I can’t believe u guys left that out
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
"LeMessurier" in not "LaMeasure"... FFS....
I ve had this on repeat all day
I can t stop smiling watching this
Bill lemeasure didn’t le measure it properly. Btw it was a student architect that just upon looking noticed it and contacted him. That student was a female btw
The grad student who double checked the maths on the building was Diane Hartley. At least that's what I thought was the canon.
Those welds saved the building for a few years. But can we be sure the building won't collapse in the future?
Unfortunate that they wouldn't let you all film inside of it. You weren't trying to degrade the building or call it unsafe. You were calling it a example of excellent engineering and ethics. A model to be copied in these types of buildings. Heck it even caused building codes to be changed as a result. Additionally, it's a safer building today. True they didn't tell the public, but that wouldn't have been helpful. Still, an excellent video!
This would have leaked in a heartbeat today. Especially if city officials were in the know.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
So they went into the building at night and repaired the beams without anyone noticing. Interesting…
Absolute balls of steel Lemessurier had to see through the upgrades.  Even though it wasn't directly his fault.  Thank god for modern advanced computational models,  I bet it saves hours of math and calculations 🙃
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
The old church was 100% more impressive than the stupid stilt skyscraper or the brutal and charmless replacement for their place of worship.
Don’t think I would want A building dependent on anything electrical and mechanical To keep it from toppling over…. magnificent engineering though
Does anyone else feel like Grady Hillhouse just got "Dereked"?
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
Why not put the structure 45 degrees on the stilts? Kudos to the guy for coming clean for a botch job he didn''t cause himself. Skipping welds for bolts was not his design.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
The editing is top-tier. Seriously impressive
Can someone give me some money
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Came for the thumbnail, stayed for the vibes
whaat is an earthquake ?
Damn St Pete! All his fault! 🤣
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
So they couldn't add any character to the Church building or was that a structural problem as well?
I ve had this on repeat all day
You're starting to cover stuff that already has a healthy amount of material. You've basically copied other videos on the subject.
I remember learning about the mass damper years ago but I didn't realize there were serious deficiencies that got corrected.  Good on them for fixing it.  NY has had some humdinger storms hit in the years since and it's still standing.
The initial discovery of the flaws in the building were made by a Princeton University engineering student working one HER thesis. Diane Hartley contacted Joel S. Weinstein and asked for a copy of the wind stress calculations. When she did her own calculations, she discovered the danger that quartering winds could cause. She asked Weinstein for the company’s calculations for quartering winds, but was simply assured that the building was safe.   Nice of you to omit the detail that a WOMAN was the first person to recognize the danger the building posed, not the great LeMessurier.
It is really heartwarming that he was treated well for addressing the mistake and fixing it. If they'd vilified him, other architects wouldn't have come forward in the future.
LeMessurier = 4 open syllables Americans refuse to spreak French (or any other language) so they call him lemeasure = 3 open syllables the disrespect or stupidity is real
Pure talent. No words
I learned more in 10 minutes than hours of Googling
Excellent presentation.  Thank you.  I especially enjoyed this one.
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Interesting topic. Also very informative to see all those comment about engineer living those same feeling when finding how a more or less important mistake in junior year. One important difference between this case study and the everyday project.. This case study is not an everyday project and the engineers working on it had sufficient funds to be able to do a proper job. I worry about todays engineers who have very limited time and money to make those same decision, even though at a smaller scale, but still, life impacting decisions.
I ve had this on repeat all day
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
Do bankers have Ethics courses? Which case studies?
engineering is so incredible man architectural work is also the more amazing aspect of human innovation
Le Meh-süüh-ree-eh, not Le measure.
se um dia termos videos assim, em ingles mesmo (linguagem universal neh, fazer oq), com essa qualidade de edição, roteiro, filmagem, mas mostrando obras chinesas....... seria espetacular... imagina um video desses sobre a usina de tres gargantas
What about the world trade buildings?  I think the contractor cut corners?
that's so typically american, taking a gorgeous piece of european architecture and replacing it with something ugly and also even dangerous because you guys only think half of the way
There are small details that were revealed in this, that I hope people consider. 1. When there is a possibility of thousands dying, you will be told no worries. 2. Rich people can get anything done in less than 24hrs. 3. They did not say anything about the welds being xrayed.....ever.
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
You just earned a new subscriber
"Replace this old, crumbling Gothic Church, with a brand new one!"  This is the single biggest failure documented in the video. The structural flaw of the new skyscraper pales in comparison.  The first was a crime. The second was a frack up.
"Le Measure"... appropriate name for a structural engineer, especially one that cares about measures.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I have no idea what any of this means but I watch
I love it when my algorithm recommends a video to me that features one of my college professors (Eric Hines)
bro that church shoulda stayed lol smh
Interesting topic but this narrator and narration style are insufferable.
1:35 WTF to demolish this beautiful church fo that monstrosity is criminal.
Engineer: Aight just weld here  Architect: But... what if I didn't?
We dont have the same taste, Id pick the old crumbling gothic church anytime of the day over that ugly arse new church
Here's the real crime: The old church looked like Notre Dame; the new one looks like a cheese wedge. Progress!
Not to be that guy but... couldn't all of this have been avoided had these corporate stooges built it elsewhere?
There's no such thing as perfect  People make mistakes, learn from them
this is 1 if not the most stupidest thing i hav ever seen comon of course thats gonna fall jesus christ
Really cool video, keep it up :)
Why make your life more difficult? Many engineers and architects like to argue with mother nature. Mostly for self aggrandization or hubris. In my opinion this is always a bad idea. For typical large concrete and glass buildings in business centres working with mother nature allows everyone to sleep better. If you want add a few gargoyles.
i have a small screen on my GPU in my pc and for the last few years there was just a "ronald hamburger" there and i loved it
Yes, bad engineering from the beginning, you should see the engineering going into our everyday products such as automobile engines
Damn this is cool
Algorithm finally did something right
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Guys, that church wasn't a gothic building. That was a European building style from the middle ages. Making an imitation of it, hundreds of years later, on another continent, because you think it's 'pretty' is a bit sad. It's not gothic, it's cosplay. The new building is of its time and place and speaks to the confidence of the USA in the 1970s. It wasn't necessary to copy an old European style. Let the past remain in the past, make new things instead.
Aside from the topic of the video. Henry is fine as hell. He can get it anytime he wants it.
It must have been a very character-building experience. LeMessurier was a better person afterwards.
It's pronounced "Lemesurier", not "Lemeasure".
Civil Engineering is no joke yet A bridge in San Fran has been there for half a century and the engineers back then were that good they worked all day and night to perfection......sometimes innovation is degradation
I think the Student was ‘her’ as per story by 99% Invisible.
Great video
I guess this tells a lot about the chain of comand, how the arhitect did not know they replace the welds with bolts that's crazy. I guess the arhitect did not visit the building during construction... and also petty about the Gothic church I don't get it why they replace it whit that bunker!? It was more important the location? I guess that's America,  i don't get alot about this video maybe because I'm European.
I'm surprised that the whole thing was kept under wraps even after the repairs were finished, despite it being very likely the reason why codes today include the need to apply lateral loads in two directions at the same time, which means for two decades people could've easily overlooked things...
13:55 The phone/whiteboard marker in the foreground is a nice touch :)
Wait, this isn't a story about the Trump tower? Because anyone knows that it is" the most dangerous" building in Manhattan 😂, also the most useless... etc.
All these happened just because the pastor didn`t wanted to sell his little patch of land. He obviously didn`t know that his actions could possible kill thousands of people, just like god intended. Good thing for Le Messurier.
The story of great disasters globally: "How can we save some money?"
Tore down that beautiful gothic church and replaced it with that little hideous cube. Smh. Sad
I hope they keep an eye on the teipei pendulum to make sure there are no failures over time
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
The Boss got the contract, but NEVER CHECKED ON HIS STAFF TO INSURE THEY WERE BUILDING IT CORRECT??  It was great that he caught the dangerous fail, but it never should have happened.  Port Authority Engineers and Developer made major screwups at World Trade Center by NOT following NYC Bldg Code. They knew better.
This is a really long story for, “engineer decided to weld the braces after project was finished.”
1:30 Americans destroying their history so Jews can make more profit in ugly towers is the most perfect example of their country imaginable
110 kilometers = 68mph so not a lot
add this to the pile of youtube videos on the Citicorp bldg
If they built the chevrons with welds as the original design called for instead of bolts, would the building still have been at risk?
"Fake News"                       would "they" really act the same (courageously) today?
You just earned a new subscriber
lmao us Americans have zero taste… wtf did you do to that church 💀🤮
I think I went by that building the one time I was in the area.  I recall walking with coworkers to a trade show, and one pointed to the skyscraper with a church tucked under the corner, and I was like... "that's really fkn weird".  But then we continued on our way and after working a trade show booth all day, I had completely forgotten about it... until now.
Wow, they really ruined that church.
When you actually own up to your mistakes.  If only the US had an actual President vs an invilid child to do the same.
Thanks for bringing out this marvellous video on structural engineers. Would love to see more such videos from time to time. Thanks!
Esperemos que ningún bus quiera imitar el 9/11
I like this bit at 25:20 "But all the newspapers in NY went on strike until October. So we had a press blackout, and that was the greatest thing ever happened"
How could this being studied as a case of proper ethic behavior? The right thing to do was go public, make the reform as fast as possible and warn everubody, probably evacuating the dangered area as long as the reform takes.
Masp in São Paulo (build in 1947) looking at it: 🫵😂
1:36 They replaced a gothic church with a concrete hut? … This is why you guys don’t have culture, America.
Bolting instead of one long beam? Sounds like a Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse case...
"Crumbling Gothic church" literally demolished a magnificent church to build the equivalent of a necron tomb.
Absolutely blown away by how this video unfolds in perfect chronological order—I actually got goosebumps! I was completely immersed in every twist and turn of this story. I would like to share my own takeaways from such an engaging narrative!  Key takeaways:  We all make mistakes. Rather than rushing to judgment (“How could someone risk lives for glory?”) [I wrongly interpretting this, here is my reference: 2:03], let’s remember that unintentional blind spots happen, and our focus should be on learning and mitigating future risks.  Integrity above all [Ref: 19:22] . Just as we celebrate our successes, we must also own our failures—big or small. As Luke 16:10 reminds us, “One who is faithful in a very little is also faithful in much, and one who is dishonest in a very little is also dishonest in much.”  Storytelling matters. Presenting complex engineering concepts in a clear, almost cinematic way can turn “dry” facts into an unforgettable human drama.  Thank you for this masterful documentation—I feel truly blessed to have watched and learned from it for free!
The pronunciation of LeMessurier is killing me
Why the bloody hell this video show up when I search for funny cat video. Is youtube algorithm broke or something?
What would Trump do? Think about that scenario.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
Make a skyscraper outta silicon
S.O.M.
Glad we keep our old crumbling gothic churches in Europe intact :)
Did anyone else cringe when they destroyed the gothic church to replace it with that concrete block?
Algorithm finally did something right
They made the church so fking ugly
Why not just add three corners back...
The replaced a beautiful gothic church with... An ugly grey block...
They HAD TO INSTALL THE DAMPERS BECAUSE THE WIND MOVEMENT WAS SO BAD. BUT THIS WAS DONE AFTER THE BUILD!!  Losing that Gothic Church was a huge loss. Cannot stand how the "developers" refer to the older structures as old and crumbling church.
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Algorithm finally did something right
As a IT and electric engeneer one of the best examples of failture culture.  I try to teach it to the next generation. Think by your self and understand what you are doing. Did a AI will find it in future?   Take a look on reality and rules are from the past. Akt ethic everyday.
Imagine this building have a good base fill it with material and  you add like 20 % more cool status.
should have redone the gothic church. I hate all modern architecture compared to what beauty we used to have. that new church looks like an off brand air pods case.
I‘m sorry but LeMessurier shouldn’t be pronounced LeMeasure. That’s just wrong and now my day is ruined.
Cutting corners to reduce cost in infrastructure construction with the goal ultimately being to increase profits and bonuses is always a fantastic idea. Literally works out for the best 100% of the time..   s/
This deserves way more views. Absolutely underrated
Well if it does collapse people will still call it an inside job etc 💀
New York is not the world.
Drives me nuts when channels that talk about America that most of the subscribers are Americans use metric and kelomoters. It's lazy
Curious what happens if a terrorist takes out one of those columns. Similar to Oklahoma city, someone could drive up in a van or truck full of explosives placed next to one column and take it out. Could it stand on just three legs?
So who designed the twin towers ? The bush ?
2:00 at least put up a Churches Chicken!
It’s interesting to think of this situation through the lens of ethics rather than engineering or economics.   Imagine if you knew in August 2001, based on intelligence tipoffs, that there was a 50-50 chance a hijacked plane was going to fly into the World Trade Center. Concerned about mass panic and civil unrest, you decide the best plan is to prepare a contingency alert in the shadows- but hide the truth from everyone working in that building.  Is that a morally acceptable choice? Would you, as a person working in the Citicorp building, appreciate discovering decades later that you had a 1/16 chance of dying in a building collapse in the 1970s because the engineers wanted to fix everything in the shadows without inciting any employees to panic?
WHY SAY THAT THE GOTHIC CHURCH WAS ‘CRUMBLING’!!!? There is no evidence of that whatsoever. In this instance, VERITAS MY ASS. And the new church is an eyesore. Engineer showing that though competent, he is blatantly ignorant.
That's why you lemessurier twice
This is why I dropped out of Civil and Structural Engineering. I was freaked out. I ended up with degrees in Mechanical and Biomedical Engineering. My kids mother is Civil and Environmental. She spends so much time going over the calculations of her team. What a hellish job!
Well technically the twin towers were by definition
The stubbornness of the clergy resulted in a hideous new church building and led to the dangerous Citicorp design... I'm sure the old church building would have been transported wherever they wanted brick by brick...
The student was a woman.
So you can sneak in and weld new bits on! wow.. lucky no one would sneak in a secretly cut bits out...
Pure talent. No words
There literally doing the thing Richard did in that one episode of the amazing world of gumball
Isnt it odd that because of hurricane bella they got Terrorized and started patching up the building and then the hurricane that's gonna test it is hurricane ella?
1) a construction company that wanted to save a few bucks 2) not informing the public 3) if a conspiracy is "the activity of secretly planning with other people to do something bad or illegal" then what about- the activity of secretly planning with other people to fix a grave error? it is not conspiracy per se.. but it was nearly conspiracy by fraud.   this is not a happy story.. why are we playing this like a happy story? this was a contracting company that failed to do the job right, caused a panic, caused a cover up, and put hundreds if not thousands of peoples lives at risk.  if this building fell before 9/11 happened... we would be in an entirely different world.
Damn now i wanna be a structural engineer 👷
10:35  2,800 TONS of steel only costs $4m back then?
Thanks again for another excellent video.  You guys are doing an outstanding job.
Pure talent. No words
There is no way that they ripped all the drywall off welded on all the braces rehung the drywall mud, taped, and painted overnight.😂
Pure talent. No words
I applaud the morality of the design engineer, as a fellow engineer we always need to consider all probability’s even outrageous ones, sometimes one in a million isn’t even good enough, and new information is being discovered constantly to upgrade the design criteria
This video randomly popped up and I m glad it did
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
I ve had this on repeat all day
Who was the engineer that Diane Hartley had spoken to? LeMessurie almost missed the chance to discover the serious problem, and this unknown guy is LeMessurie's nemesis.
This is so cool, it was like watching a movie that had me on the edge of the seat during the whole video. Nice work!!!!🎉
I don't understand the morality being so secretive about the repairs. Shouldn't they have closed the building until it was safe?.
Did they say they put the band aids on at night on a small number of girders and then replaced the drywall before the office workers arrived the next morning? Why didn't they close the whole building down a bring in hundreds of welders to work around the clock until it was completed? They could have told people there was a gas leak in the area or something.
Early.
The new “church” is insanely ugly.
What blows my mind is the actual designer of the building never did site inspections…… he never went on site and noticed bolts instead of welds!!! I am a tradesman and would never not show up to a job and check out the guys…. Even if you went out and inspected 1 floor you would have noticed this problem…. So on his plans were welds and his employees just decided to make a huge change to bolts???? Something very wrong here.
How the hell has everyone involved not been arrested? The engineer did the right thing; his bosses are cold blooded psychopaths. The fact that this was hidden from the public by the head of CitiCorp, including the TENNANTS of the buildingis insane. And preventing panic is just an excuse. They didn't want to lose profits and face liability. That's it.
This is a well-told story.
The worst case scenario would make a spectacular Hollywood blockbuster, with all the domino effects and carnage that might have occurred.
The crime is destroying the original church.
My personal opinion is for someone with a rad bike like you, the bike path down beach road isn't the best way to go at your speed. There is more room and less manoeuvres to do on the road. Great pov though.
WHAT?? That old gothic church looks a million times better than what we have today!
I sleep safe and sound knowing that big corps decide for me if I should know if my building will collapse... Go capitalism!
That’s a mob grinder
One of my favourite buildings in Manhattan. :)
or why not just revise the blueprints and using bait and switch get the new blueprints swapped out with the original that would be called upon if a collapse was to happen so then they could  say shoddy construction and get him off the hook.
That part at 2:45 Instant goosebumps
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
So all that over a Church because the genetic behavior schizophrenics that naturally try to force nations to be like them leading to dark ages. LOL.. *Squints at Zelenskyy and Putin at Pope's funeral then slides eyes over to the fathers they're drafting between them in an obvious murder game the religious masses ignore* "Demons have no reflection" LOL.. *Googles: "Saucer over Dracula's birthplace yahoo news" + "CIA claims Saucer took revenge on Soldiers"* Need a Humane society to save Humanity again? *Squints at Dracula's plagues and laughs hysterically at civilization bloom after while releasing satellite from Shockwave holography field then uses shockwave echoes to increase medium from solar wind sliding away cloaking* - Dracula
Another good reason to stay far away from big cities.
This gave me chills… in the best way
that`s supposed to be a church? looks more like a bunker.
Why this was ever allowed is beyond belief!
Why would you design it having ALL corners removed rather than just the one that was deemed necessary for the Church ???? Seems like you are given a task and just make it 100 times more difficult by trying to be 'clever' !!!
The destruction of that gorgeous church just to replace it with that lame shape is horrendous
Wonderfull that the response that he owned up to his mistakes was good, honorable to stand for a problem that can be resolved. Its not wrong to make a mistake, its wrong to lie
Thank you so much for the video, i am captivated by the story. Super informative and easy to understand even if im not an engineer in the field. Keep up the great work!
You just earned a new subscriber
He didn't figure this out. It was a female college student who did a thesis on it. When she started running shear, she found the problem. She contacted this structural engineer and told him the issue. He went back into the structure, and after fixing his numbers, he found the same issue she did.  That's when he freaked out. He had to hire all the local welders in New York to work at night. They didn't want the public to find out...
America used to be so impressive.
They making the employees work in a building that could collapse is crazy though. The employees should sue Citicorp for endangerment.
Can we all agree this creator deserves more recognition
Mood instantly lifted. Thank you for this
Your consistency is inspiring—keep going
Worked in that building for over a decade. Boy did it sway in the wind.
Wow, nine YouTube ad breaks during this thirty three minute video. Thanks so much.
I am fascinated that Stark Laboratory is actually a real thing
I'm not anti-modern church architecture. And also, people have to understand that old stone churches like that are often built of stone that doesn't last and becomes dangerous and it really is better to rebuild... But man, that church got the biggest downgrade ever.
"Do you know that famous engineer with a french last name? Le measure" sounds like a joke
This is going straight into my favorites playlist
Why build a hideous building like this in the first place?
Was this used as inspiration for Numb3rs s01e04 "Structural Corruption"?
HIGHLY UNETHICAL not to alert anyone before the repairs were carried out. Would you like your family residing in there when it was structurally unsafe? Where the engineers were lying? Hardly "white lies" as he describes...
Wasn't it a college student who actually informed him of this flaw?
02:30 I don't have any idea how to call this behaviour of hight qualified engineers. So many trouble and potential risk of building fall came into occurance thanks to the design of the structure. Literally brilliant work
My personal headcannon: it was a time traveler
To summerize, They coated the building like a Chinese finger trap, and then sunk a weight in the middle of the bag around the building as a counter. This allowed the building to chill onto of the posts and be heavy enough and weighted properly to not fall over. Physics is crazy.
Manhattan
Yes, let’s replace this GORGEOUS “gothic” church with a Church’s Chicken box.
1:40 no
This is one of the best structural engineering stories I have seen.  Thank you for this
The way you explained this is SO clear. Thank you
A name well deserved. check what it means in french
How can people know about a story like this, and still reject conspiracy theories? A mistake that could potentially kill 10.000 people or more was kept secret while they worked on fixing  it and they were hoping they would make it on time, which they very nearly did not. And they considered this ethical. Did LeMessurier work and live in that building during that time?
Thank you for this wonderful video. I learned a thing about structural engineering. but more importantly, I learned something about professional integrand ethics. I am moved. Thanks for making this video Veritasium team.
love these problem and solution type videos.
Wow the new church sucks compared to the old one.
im too stupid to watch these, all i hear is scientist talk
I'm uneducated on this. But I remember the movie "The Towering Inferno." Let's save cost AT THE EXPENSE OF SAFETY!
Ok, wo ist der Unterschied? Bei uns wird gelogen daß sich die Balken biegen, KI mißbraucht für politische Manipulation, Politiker agieren hauptsächlich im Sinne der eigenen Macht und ihrer Parteisponsoren. Unser Luxus, unsere Meinungen auf Fakten aufzubauen geht gerade den Bach herunter, während Superreiche keine Selunde darüber nachdenken zu viel zu haben und die Welt vernichten. Für den ordinären Bürger macht es so gut wie keinen Unterschied mehr wo er lebt und unter wem. Der Betrug und die Verarschung ist global universal von oben nach unten die gleiche. Was soll also die künstliche Empörung über China?  Wir sind ja stolz auf olle Diesel und massenhaft Schweinfleisch... das reicht für unsere Bauernstaaten, solange nur die richtigen täglich im Geld baden.
Tbh it’s understandable they declined to give comment - they’ve nothing to gain from doing so, and if something is said, perhaps taken out of context, the media and lawyers would be all over it.
I didn t expect to love this as much as I do
Oh god, the new church looks horrible.. I wouldn't even know it was a church if you did not point it you. The people that built the original church had a much better taste regarding design and architecture. At least the church wasn't about to collapse and take 200k people with it.
That transition at 3:12 was chefs kiss
14:43 why are multiple beams suddenly without load in the graphic
All apartments in my country built the same way. No wonder we suck.
He is not the only man in the world who knew it.
PAKISTAN MENTIONED
Oops
another masterpiece from veritasium
How does a bean counter get to decide to switch welds for bolts? The engineering was also flawed because the corner wind’s liability was taken into account but his instincts were correct to weld instead of bolt.
How was it allowed, same as eeverything else in America, graft and corruption! Americans god =$. Most corrupt place and people on the planet. Yet they have so much potential for good. Such a waste, they are so strong in their defence of the christian god, yet they work on good friday and easter sunday! Spare me the hypocisy. Thats how this was allowed!
How big a deal, not: How big "of" a deal.
Great story, and doubly ironic when you know that Bill Lemessurier tragically died aged 81.....after falling down and injuring himself!
Greeed.   Mass panic.  More like giving people the right to chose if they want to take added risk to their life.   What a bunch of bs
The real crime is that replacement church. I get psychic damage looking at it.
That new, “upgraded” church looks absolutely atrocious
If only Boeing owned up to their mistakes like LeMessurier.
Instantly in the TOP 5 by Veritasium!!! 👏
✨ This story is about men, for men, by men despite all men being born from women—Diane Hartley was mentioned way too late for her credit
Why would one destroy a beautiful gothic church in favor of such an abomination of a building😭  (Can you tell I don't like modern architecture lol)
So weird - I literally just watched the TED video about this just yesterday!
What an ugly looking new church!!! The old church was beautiful!!!
Brainrot so bad, I was expecting a 9/11 joke
1,4 x 2. What about earodynamics, doesn't that reduce the load?
I'm missing the part where you go talk to the guy who made that phone call to him. Ask him how did he get to that. Maybe you can post it as yt short.
Oh no is this new guy taking over veritasium and is Derek retiring
Feel like this video is kinda unfairly overlooking the role of the the city government. Like I assume that the danger wasn't entirely kept confined to Citicorp and the Red Cross when they were planning the evacuation, and that the police who were gonna carry it out wouldn't have been contacted last minute. Yet that's the implication of the video, since at no point does it talk about LeMessurier or Citicorp contacting or coordinating with government officials or agencies, and when they are said to have kept the information about the risk secret from the public, it doesn't mention public servants as an exeption to that. Just feels like giving all the credit to a corporation and a few outside individuals, as though the local government knew nothing and did nothing, is leaving something out of the story.
if sombody is trying to make a tall building isn't making it 8 sided or just a cicrle  more stable ?
20:30 "There was a 1/16 chance of collapse that year" That assumes quartering winds which is not a given
I work with structural engineers, and I tell them all the time that things like this are an absolute nightmare. Glad I’m not a structural engineer.  And, Regardless of how they got there, when you hear “needed 14 bolts, but they used only 4”, is a statement of pure diabolics of the highest order.
Well that was a beautiful church
The new church build is hideous.
Ah yes, let's replace the "gothic crumbling church" with a concrete sarcophagus LMAO. What a win for architecture.
Good vid, awful pronunciation, mr broccoli head is annoying. Thank you.
People already made enough comment about how ugly the new church is. However, this is juts what happened when religion in the US lost it's link with the divine. It's not just about "is it ugly" it's about: is this what Christianity looks like in the US ?  What's next? a prison built like a beach resort? The DMV built like a mall ?  Church as build in a way (insane headroom, lots of window for the light to shine through etc..) to reference the divine. This is not it.
What a bad video
That church replacement will send sime people straight to hell
The rich do whatever they want.
As a teenager(1987), I wanted to be an architect. I loved drawing cool structures. Someone said I had to be really good at math. I said," Isn't doing the math the engineer's job?" When I was leaving high school, I worked inside the mailroom at an engineering company in Cambridge, MA. I thought engineers rocked and were so cool. I never went beyond the mail room. I hated math. I gave up the dream for other things and recently retired (2024). Now at 57, I saw the design and was the unofficial assistant contractor of my dream home, and I still admire those engineers and architects.
Just how did they not consider quartering winds >.< It's not like we live in a sterile simulation where wind has to be orthogonal or something ^^'
Love that you spoke in km/h and meters! :)  The best example of a TMD in a tall building is probably the Taipei 101 TMD.  There are now quite a few TMDs in NYC and other major cities, and even more TSDs (tuned sloshing dampers) that work the same way but uses water as mass.
What a bunch of Imbeciles. Who would build a Logical /Mathematical screw up like this in that place in the first place? Just looking at it, one can tell it's a morons dream. Of course they are all a bunch of self praised  highly authoritative intellectual idiots.
So they "fixed" the building and now only 1 out of 1000 storms will knock it down. How is anyone comfortable with that?
Yeah sure, let's replace a magnificent gothic church by a ugly concrete cube...
video idea : The megathrust that can and will happen in the ring of fire (Indonesia)
The real tragedy is building that ugly ahh building in the first place. "Yeah that beautiful church gotst to go"
Coiny bfdi
Read about this in the New Yorker over two decades ago. Le Messurier literally blew the whistle on himself and action was promptly taken to fix the problem. Kudos!
Basically, triangles are the superior shape for massive structures. Make triangles, make strong structure.
The Gothic looking churches are the reason why people travel to Europe. Could have preserved the church, which could have been a potential tourist attraction today.  But here we are, dealing with a glass tower and its shakibility....
Nobody owned up to the fact of putting 10's of thousands at risk, they covered it up for decades. Everyone got lucky.
28:23  the giant ball is amazing
Wasn't it a female student that made him aware of it?
Who cares if the skyscraper falls? No one good will be harmed. The real travesty is that church, it's hideous and should be counted as blasphemy.
1:37 old crumbling church? Americans are brain dead 😢i bet he would call the haga sophia or peters basilica an “old crumbling church”
The new church at 1:40 is so memorable, they needed to highlight it in yellow.
If the welders were allowed to work 24/7, it would be fixed 2-3 times sooner. Sure, avoiding panic was a factor, but I am 100% positive that avoiding responsibility, lawsuits and career damage was even more important there.
What an ugly building. The old church was so much more beautiful. This building exemplifies greatly what I hate about modern urban planing and architecture.
The old church looked 10 times better. Modern architecture is sh1t
Jewish real estate always disrespects
Just to be very clear here: The likelihood that similar, undetected errors in calculation exist in any other building in NYC is 100%.
The real crime is the removal of the gothic church. Americans come to Europe and are like 'oh, you're so lucky to have all that historic buildings' while erasing their own history without hesitation.
No mention of Diane Hartley the student who brought the  issue to William LeMessurier.
Ted Mosby fr
He is an absolute gem!
Where exactly were LeMessurier's ethics again - sorry I missed them, in fact I noticed the opposite.
Such good engineering ethics, that they didn't bother to tell thousands of people a skyscraper was in danger of collapsing on them...
That was a different time. I fear those in charge today are much less principled.
Lying to people about the risks and having them using the building whilst they know it is not safe is absolutely not good ethics! It is much better than not doing any repair for sure but it is not ethical! The right way was to vacate the building to carry on the repairs 24/7 instead of during the night like sneaks which took more time and put everybody in further danger!
120km/h winds?? No problem, US doesn't use metric system 😂😂😂😂
btw, do people engineering these take into account all the buildings already existing around or its not important?
the student was a was woman not a man.
An engineer who listens to and acts on their own subconscious gut feelings, is a professional and competent engineer in my book.  The subconscious feeling that something isn't right and that it needs to be double or triple checked and then checked again, I believe is built into some people but not others.  Its a critical mechanism that is biological.  Some engineers just don't care and just want to get paid.  But some engineers truly do care and want to get the job done right at any personal cost. They see their role as the foundation of civilisation... pun intended.
Lemessurier Associates must really hate Numb3rs Season 1 Episode 4 (Structural Corruption) which is largely based on this story. [Spoilers for the episode] Although if I remember correctly I think the Numb3rs episode re-imagines how the conversation went so that the Lemessurier character ends up permanently silencing the grad student that catches the fatal design flaw, because the grad student was going to go go to the press about it.
So if the beams were welded and not bolted would there still been this issue?
Old crumbly gothic church? Wow….
Lol the new church. 😂 So dumb.
It seems crazy so much engineering and money is involved in a world where 90% of most countries are empty.
27:27 nice panning shot. Especially within the context of this discussion
So we are praising someone who screwed up big and tried to cover for his mistake by keeping a whole NY block in danger. Fixing it or not can't be a question at all and therefore not something to be praised for.
I can't believe they tore down that beautiful church to build that ugly abomination
I thought a grad student found issue first...
hey Hollywood, why haven't you made a gripping movie about this?
Nah, wtf where they thinking by removing that church. It would've looked so cool in the middle of these boring ass skyscrapers
They missed to include the fact that they had to convince the welders union to do these repairs at night.  They had to get every welder they could find in a huge area, so in that time almost no welders were available for anyone else
if our political engineers were as conscientious as our structural engineers, we might not be in this fix.
Im so confused, I feel like I've watched this before but it was uploaded today
1:40 the church really got screwed in that deal, that thing is ugly.
Congratulations to the Veritasium production staff for this amazing video and story about how the building flys in the wind. I published a book last year with many similar stories about microprocessor engineering problem solving called "Silicon Trenches. Dial-up to AI. Building it as we fly it." It is a must read.
I dunno why LeMessurier Consultants wouldn't want to be like, "Yeah, Bill initiated the most critical post-construction measure ever, and that's a commitment we stand for," but they're probably like "No, no, no, everything we ever built since forever, we got it right he first time. Measure once, cut once, that's our motto."
Of course, Le Messurier (Le Measure) is the structural engineer lmao
Saily > 3GB for $10.49 is far more than roaming costs😅
That new church looks disgusting
Bill  le measures(sic)  the  structural  engineer 😂😂😂
He saved millions by owning his mistake
if im not mistaken, building damper has been used by ancient chinese or japanese in their pagoda
Bold choice to make it look like that... very bold.
So what your saying is they couldn't get insurance to cover planes hitting it again. So they are forced to do the bare minimum and maybe a good enough job who knows we will see.
hmm
that man was jason statham
If anybody saw that box of crutch they would not think it was a church
Nah. It's definitely the twin towers
I’d love to see your take on the engineering analysis of the CTV Building collapse in Christchurch, New Zealand, during the 2011 earthquake. A horrible example of engineering fraud that unnecessarily took the lives of 100’s of innocent people.
Still weird to keep the public in the dark about this for so long. If it could effect you,  you have a right to know.
Weld is /always/ better.
16:21 no way they used only 4 bolts to connect those??? livng on edge? arent those usually made to withstand more than whats needed. i mean every cheap industrial gas pipe got 20+ bolts just in case, no? is it different?
Anyone in the Citicorp building watching this now ? :D
Am I the only one havin serious doubts about the morality of this guy and how he is portrait as a morally good person? As far as i understand it he could've completed the reparations in time before the storm hit if he would've just closed the tower down and let people work on it during the day as well. This way he took a huge gamble with human that the storm wouldn't be strong or not hitting NY. He didn't complete it in time for the storm and got extremely lucky. And what is all the fuss about how nice he was that they had a rescue plan in place? People would've died because of him anyway. Whats the worth of a rescue plan if people die that didn't have to die in the first place? This whole story reeks of survivor ship bias. If he'd gotten unlucky he would've gone down in history as a corrupt Astrocity.  A bit disappointed at the video tbh
im such a neanderthal
Was this the exterior building used for Suits?
have they arrested anyone for rebuilding that gothic church as a featureless box?
A point made but not really emphasized was the complete communication breakdown by the team approving the change to bolted connections and the chief structural engineer.  In the military we called it commander’s critical information requirements.
Speaking about esim chips in your card I would not use them because I've heard videos talking about identity theft impersonate your phone call your phone company and then clone your phone and take all your identity
I passed by this building every day for 10 years and didn’t realize there is a church next to it.
Just a horriable choice to destroy that old church. Typical modernism agenda
>2mm views in under 15 hrs.  Dude
As they say, LeMessurier twice, build once.  Then LeMessurier ten times afterwards in a panic.
The moment he realised, he done F up. 😂
I am going to New York next week and will def visit this building, it has an amazing story
16:10 why did the subtract the gravity load from the wind load?
The new church looks like complete ass
Interesting story and great engineering but replacing beautiful gothic chuch with a box? realy? uufff :D
isn't a damper like that very common now in high skyscrapers, mostly ultra thin skyscrapers? i think the steinway tower also has a simular damper.
i guess nowadays AI architect wont do such a mistake
And if one of those corner columns was struck by a large truck or a bomb placed there?
Did he realise that or was it a student and then told him?  I heard the student version first.
If the architect's goal was to inspire fear and dread before entering the church, then mission accomplished.  The exterior design of that church is brutally depressing.
That new church is grotesque, the old one was beautiful, if in need of some repair.
Jesus, replacing that beautiful church with that abomination of a box is already a crime on it's own
I don‘t know about the availability of welding teams in NY or all over the US and you probably couldn’t just ask anybody since this had to be somehow kept secret. But if you don‘t have enough time, wouldn’t doubling the workforce reducing the time needed by half? I mean what was the alternative?
I got say that church was way prettier than what was built after. How can someone think that destroying such building is a good thing?
Replace old crumbling gothic church with a new one? That futuristic iglu? What a way to throw away the heritage.
The abomination with this story is replacing a beautiful church for a piece of Sh.. building.
An interesting video. But one part {~ 32:01 - 32:20} was unclear, with a loose end left dangling.  I think that should have been explored further.   I'm referring to:   "Although they did conclude that the pressure from perpendicular winds was greater, their analysis didn't include any internal structure specific to Citicorp."   Question:  Would that have made a difference??
I've seen one or two other videos on this building, but this one byVeratasium went into a lot more detail, in an understandable way, and the drama behind the scenes was more palpable.  Great video! Thank you.
What an interesting piece of history!!!❤😊🎉  Excellent video!!!❤🎉🙏 Thank you!!!
1:35 They've prevented an architectural disaster but allowed another one. I'm not even Christian but what the hell is that? The pastor should have demanded for the church to be restored and renovated, keeping it as is but in better conditions and ready to last another century.  Instead of that, it got destroyed for that concrete Cybertruck. My guess is that Citicorp didn't want the church to look as the original, and wanted it to blend with the surroundings. Otherwise, post-renovation, it could have attracted more eyes than their precious tower. The pastor might even have been strong-armed to accept the deal and the new design. I wouldn't believe he was actually "OK" with that. After all, he was dealing with sharks, who knows how they pressured him.  It's funny how you phrased it as "[...] to replace this old crumbling gothic church, with a brand new one", with a negative emphasis on "old" and a positive on "brand new". Like we don't have eyes to see the disaster for ourselves 😂
Bro what the hell.
9:21 wait they really just adjust the friction? not the pendulums mass itself? idk it kinda feels unintuitive to me. wont the friction lessen drastically over time in use? i thought its on bearings or something and the exact mass of the pendulum is whats being calculated in skyscrapers. or are those dampers being readjusted every year or so?
What about updraft?
I have a propulsion engineering degree, and I'm a structural welder.  I knew of this problem before it was public in the 90s.   Imagine I was getting my degree in the Navy in 1982 and knew of this problem with Citicorp.  It was known in all the back channels of this mistake and its fix. Don't ever think military doesn't have ears everywhere 😂
6:44 by what ^POWER does the sheer force multiply as it descends? And how do we measure this??
Most "architects" are spoiled children. If you look at most architects portfolios, it reads like a highschool student, and not to throw shade at highschool students, they are enormously talented. But these "architects", without the aid of CAD/3D and computers in general, cannot for the life of them design a competent building and design purely from drawing on a piece of paper. Some of the best architects i've met are talented artists, first and foremost. Profit motivation and capitalism has poisoned everybodies minds.s
It’s like a Mega Tower
I don't like The Church, but I like old building 😭
Doubt and dissent are integral to human intelligence and the achievements built thereupon. That's why open society will always win. This is also why computer based 'artificial intelligence' will never be more than some model. Questioning the premises of any given model is our prime responsibility because no formal system is capable of meaningfully probing the logic of the axioms on which they rest.
soooo. everyone saying LeMessurier is at fault, but he did order for the beams to be welded, not bolted. so it really is the groups fault for trying to save 500.000, but later on they spended 4-5M
I love how nobody is talking about the dangerous building, but the downgrade of the church
Interesting, shame on the managers and officials of that building of not letting you show what inside.
In our last condo we had a coffee table with legs at the mid-point of each side. That table was very unstable when something heavy was near a corner or if someone leaned on a corner. I always thought it was a stupid design.
This video is dope. Continue these kind of videos, they are fun and informative to watch.
Idk if it's the european in me who is surrounded by churches like "the old, crumbling" one, but seeing the new one shocked me. Like wdym that is a church??? The old one was absolutely beautiful. Sure, you can't leave it like it is if it's actually crumbling and a safety risk but then idk renovate it? While keeping the look as close as possible to the original. I used to live in Vienna and the Stephansdom for example has been under renovation a bunch of times - but at least it looks still beautiful and is kept in its old and stunning way instead of being replaced by an unoriginal block of concrete. It's so sad to see the individuality of buildings go :/
I went to a wedding in that new church. None of us had any idea our lives were at risk. Scary.
This reminds me of a certain Numb3rs episode. Wonder if it served as inspiration.
Demolishing that church deserves a prison sentence
Like jurassic park they knew they could and never stopped to ask if they should. I got mad respect for the architect who came back and fixed his mistake but if they hadnt done it in the first place then thered be no need... i just dont know how you expect us to trust the math this time. Human lives are always playing the odds but this was all for a shorter commute for some bankers and could have killed everyone XD
I worked in that building, on the 57th floor, for BTG in the early 2010s.  It was an office that had the entire floor and virtually no visual obstructions beyond the building core to grant everyone a bit of the view - and boy what a view it was.  Because of the building's history many office kept a sand pendulum at a office window so you could see the Lissajous patterns being traced out by the building due to winds and it definitely did detect motion but you hardly ever felt the motion yourself
One thing that I think is even more remarkable imho is that it wasn’t even him who made the mistake of using bolts instead of welding as it was rather his team who decided to do that, yet he still assumed responsibility with the looming dread that “it could end his career right there and then” (even though in practice it solidified his career even further, rightfully so). Sure, there’s something to be said for “he should have checked with his team”, but no matter how rich or poor or for how many lives you’re responsible, you’re still a person who will make mistakes. And imho it’s what you do with those mistakes that really matters. The fact that this problem was solved and nobody seemingly got hurt in the process is a miracle, but not just based on luck. Honestly, not going public with it while they were fixing it did prevent that mass panic, which would have made it so much more difficult to fix as well. Panic is often an irrational thing, trying to calm down a mass panic with rationality usually never works. But rationality was what was really needed here. And thank flip that storm changed its mind.
I thought Henry was a brother of Virgil van Dijk but sadly the surname differs haha.
This is the building the show suits was based in.  While not actually filmed inside the building, a lot of the b roll in the show has shots of outside the building
At least they listened to him. Riccardo Morandi, the engineer who designed the Morandi Bridge in Genoa that collapsed in 2018, told the authorities in 1979 that the design contained an error and the bridge needed modifications, but the government never did anything about it.
Theoretically these things could then be used to destroy a building.........
I thought this was the building that the structural engineering college student discovered and brought up, am I mistaken?
>> imagine a chair  doesn't change anything 4 points is four points is four points
this is the way the nature designed the tree ....so i feel he could have knowing or unkowingly inspired from trees
Interesting if analyse future each building in North Smerica, will it let to rebuild each building for international standards safety for long period time.
29:16 there is no cornering winds in ba sing se
The architecture student here who discovered the design flaw is referred to repeatedly as "he," but that student is Diane Hartley, clearly "she."
Chinese pagodas used a vertical timber damper and they were built centuries ago
1:39 How can you call that great building "old crumbling"? Basically sounds like you are calling it a piece of sh*t. -I usually respect the Veritasium channel, but that was just completely misworded and wrong.
Od Wiliextreme ukradł
Felt like i went back to my uni class 😂
"How was this allowed?"  -Bribery.
POV: building something worth millions, realizing it had a terrible mistake, and fixing it would involve further millions, large-scale evacuation, imminent danger of collapse, criticisms, and emotional pressure, but doing it anyways rather than just running out of existence without having anyone ever aware of it. Inshort, the most goated thing to do..🙌
Hello Veritasium. This adds 0 value to this topic. We all know citicorp building by now.
1:39 well that's one of the greatest downgrades I've ever seen
I grew up and went to collge in NYC. This building was brought up by two separate professors on fifferent classes. Once it was brought up as an example of a structural design and how it was addressed. The second time it was brought as an example of how something like this can be handle in professional practice.  Neddless tl say I passed by that area numerous times before I found out about the issues. And I can guarantee you that most people working in that area have no idea what took ppace there.
you'd think it would be smart NOT to build risky skyscrapers in an iconic city filled with hundreds of thousands in the streets
Replacing an old Gothic church with that monstrosity is the bigger crime.
"[...] to replace this old crumbling gothic church" no words
When building something with so much innovation, better to test it in the wind tunnel before than after.
I watch a lot of disaster videos. It's always a series of mistakes, denials, oversights, etc. that create the perfect storm of tragedy.  This would likely have been one of those stories except the architect didn't let his ego get the better of him, and he owned up to his mistakes when he discovered them. Even more incredibly, the owner of the building was actually willing to pay for the needed repairs.  I wish this was the norm, but unfortunately it's not.
22:14 to be fair I’ve never seen builds topple like dominoes. I mean look at 9/11 for example the twin towers didn’t fall into other buildings and “knock them over” more like debris fell on them and they collapsed on themselves which is a different action than “toppling like dominoes” dominoes stay together structurally and hit into one another knocking them over
All of this would've been avoided if they had just restored that absolutely beautiful church structure and then built around it and not turn it into the disgusting shape that it is now. People are so sick and deluded.
So they spend ~6mio Dollar to save ~0.5mio Dollar 👌🏾 nice
Am I the only one who thinks that this building looks like Cloud's Buster Sword from Final Fantasy 7 from the side?
What a story!
All because of a small church and religion
6:27 "that's the shear in the building, what we call a building shear"
Can't believe they destroyed gothic architecture for a building that LOOKED like it'd collapse
Grew up in NYC and never realized that this tower wasn't solid all of the way to the bottom.
feels like a movie
An architect called "LeMeasure" is brilliant comedy.  I know it's spelled differently, but still funny :D
And to think I've walked under it hundreds of times already!🥴
As a graduate from an Architectural program, we remember this being discussed as a case study. The class was riveted. Pardon the pun.
In Zwickau, Germany we have a beautiful church that isn't safe to enter because of the ground it was build on. But instead of getting rid of it, it gets supported by huge beams and constantly watched over. And then there is America that gets rid of a beautiful church and replaces it with the most saddening block of concrete I've ever seen. It isn't distinct from the skyscraper. It isn't unique. It's just terribly ugly. Just what the hell was that pastor thinking... (my guess is "money" tbh)
There was a documentary on PBS about this!
Day after this video gets posted-  “Chaos in nyc”
Demolishing so beatiful church to replace it with this sh*t is what is most shocking here to me...
not really sure what to think when a student takes something into account that no one else does. It's a complete failure of the class at that point.
When I hear "to replace that old crumbling gothic church" I immediately feel enraged, no matter what else those people did.
What a crazy idea the man who designed a building is” the only man in the world who knew” this building would collapse immediately upon erection because I’m too busy being incompetent to design a real building
Just looking at it I can tell it's wrong
Hahaha ahhhh Americans. Beautiful old church that could be restored but you let them demolish it and build something trash instead. Would never be allowed anywhere else that understands their heritage
Wow what are the chances. I just visited Taipei 101 a few days ago and saw the TMD.
If the contractors hadn't cheaped out and bolted the braces, would Citicorp have been the safest skyscraper ever built? Or did greed almost kill thousands?
Ah my favorite Veritasium videos about engineering 😀
Why did they replace that piece of art of a church with a lump of cement.
20:42 CLEVER MOVE
And that, ladies and gentlemen and others, is called integrity. Both structural and personal.
It against gravitational physics,  its a complete failure!
so if its  possible to install bandaids on the structure over many nights i wonder what else is possible to install in the night _D
numpties could have just rotated the building 45 degrees so that the pillars are in/near the corners. where do i get my engineering license?
As an electronics/computer engineer I'm glad that if I mess up, in the absolute worst case the company I work for could lose a few milion dollars, but at least in my job I don't need to worry about the possibility of being responsible for thousands of deaths. Huge respect to the engineers that carry this heavy burden.
Scary 😮
Damn, could have blamed the collapse on terrorists from a foreign country and profit off of invading it
Far too many ads in the video....       Actually I misspoke.  FAR, FAR too many ads.
That's about as close as America has gotten to tofu Dreg buildings
Of course, Chins built jobs!!!   The engineers who built this have in mind to eliminate all Democratic panties.
It's funny you mention NIST in a section about engineering ethics. The ethical thing would be to spread 9/11 truth awareness. I wonder if you're brave enough to do a video on 9/11.
I love your content, but "Km/h" with an uppercase K makes me twitch x_x
Very disingenuous of him to say at the lecture "Here I am, the only man in the world, who knew this. This thing is in real trouble" like he was some "genius" when in fact the only reason he "knew it" was because a college student found out that he very foolishly didn't calculate wind loads from an angle where the foundations were the slimmest. As a fellow structural engineer, there's something about him that really grinds my gears.
Love from Bihar♥️
dude never supervise the work...
so lucky i got this video early. didn't have to look for a video to start eating my food
Basically the tower that looks like it's about to fall over was about to fall over but not for the reasons you would think.
Wow, imagine not telling the residents about this disaster.
To me, it seems to raise the issue of diluted responsibilities in large organizations. From what I understood, LeMessurier was not fully aware the joints were bolted and not welded. It seems like someone else had taken the decision (and responsibility) and LeMessurier only approved, trusting this or these persons. But in the end, the one who signed the blueprints is the one in charge...
Wait so why is this the engineers fault? Didn’t he say to solder the trusses? Wasn’t it the GC that decided to bolt them? Wouldn’t this be the GCs fault?
Moral of the story: Never let a functioning old church building get demolished..
Thank you so much Derek! Wonderful video 💫
The discontinuous columns are unnecessary due to stiffness effects. Boy would I love to chat with the structural engineer on this. Fascinating.  I empathize and relate with him in so much.
I see a lot of people saying how good it is LeMessurier admitted his mistake. LeMessurier didnt make a mistake, he wanted the joints welded, welded joints would have worked (and were the fix). The bolts were done behind his back. So good on him not for admitting his mistake, but for not throwing the rest if his firm under the bus
They took Le Measure!!!!!
Not gonna lie, this being built over a church, the one phone call to make him look into it, and the storm stopping and redirecting the very year it would have done the most damage. . .  It really feels like an act of god.
So they knocked down a beautiful old church, and replaced it with something that  looks like a microwave
There's more degenerate constructions in NYC and many more imbecilic buildings that have no purpose
Stop sending Henry to do the show. We like when you go.
Those both buildings are ugly as hell.
In the UK one reason they don't allow really really tall buildings is the danger during construction and after (as well as the obstruction of views).
I think things like this can be avoided,  by not putting several completely new innovations into one building, that have never been long term tested before.
JENGA!!!!!!!
I love my stability course i had
9:30 When you compare the 3 cases, the underdamped TMD (middle) appears to oscillate just as much as having no TMD (left). If true, this suggests that the fine-tuning to achieve critically damping is essential for the TMD to be effective...
I’d argue this is at best 3rd place for most dangerous buildings in Manhattan history
Iraq build this but better
1:30 "has to involve the church as part of it" - well, they involved your faith. You gotta pray every day that you're not going to get crushed today.
See, you admit and fix your mistake instead of doing a cover up. Everyone knows you're a human and you can make mistakes.
There was an exposition about this last year (or two years ago?) on the second floor of the food hall in this building. At least they are not hiding the story now.
A cutting edge new frame, lets not watch it being build at all. I can’t imagine that you both don’t see the frame being bolted nor hear anything about that from your contractor bragging about half a million dollars of savings to everyone.  At least you repaired the problem once you knew it was a critical problem.
What they did to that church was an abomination
don't worry the government will fly by😉
I like this kind of documentaries, Its easily understandable unlike those sophisticated theories, maths, and physics
This thing was a bad idea from the outset.  It is not as strong as it could be.  If the church doesn't want to move, then find another building site.
and some strange instagram people really think they are important for society😅
Over the decades when I was engineering parts for cars, I encountered plenty of "dubious" safety situations. None has this level of responsibility, of course. At worst some driver might be inconvenienced by a breakdown, but risk of injury or death rarely came into it. What shocked me totally, was the universal attitude of "can we get away with it?" No-one cared about responsibility. All that mattered was how much it would cost to fix a flaw, versus getting the end user to pay for the repairs. Reputation? Irrelevant. Ethics? Nope. Last week I saw a video on "10 most lethal cars" and some manufacturers even produced reports on the cost of "death rate versus fixing". Cheaper to leave it lethal and pay the lawsuits... Oh, dear.
they didnt tell anybody. nice. I wonder whats about WTC, did they also didnt tell anybody.
27 ads on this video
The idea that you could take someone to court if someone brings forward that they have been doing something wrong and wants to fix it for free just doesn't sit right with me.
The church was so ruined omfg why does this look so terrible, I hate modern architecture.
wouldn't that be the world t-...
0:53 it's always newyork, and a man who saves the Day 😂
Its a mob grinder
everything cuz of a stupid ass church......say no more
Pure unadulterated clickbait title, the building is not even close to the most dangerous in Manhattan, the concerns are addressed, the building it replaced would be far more dangerous unless itself was either adequately reinforced or reconstructed
Glad it's fixed, but the secrecy is not okay. Public safety requires transparency, and preventing mass panic doesn't justify withholding information.
hurricane Ella really said "whatudoin over there" "oh my bad, I see you got problems I'll go hit canada instead"
This channel is just amazing 🤩. Getting better and better. Hope it won't turn into a burden
A very well told story; thank you.
Bad piggies engineering
No sneezing allowed near this building! ;)
THE ORIGINAL CHURCH WAS AMAZING. HOW COULD THEY ACCEPT THE NEW BORING CHURCH? That is the most important discussion
All of that mess because of a church...
couldn't you generate some electric energy through those dampers? Why wasting this in, like it seems, heat?
Not sure why so many YouTube videos on Citi corp building lately. But the inner circle secret until 1995 is vastly exaggerated. I was aware of it in the mid 1980s from family architects who had no direct experience working on Citi corp building directly.
Thank god this building was not the Trump tower... He would have said and done nothing.
Fact that the church caused all these troubles is even crazier
HSBC building in HK sways in the wind. I only work there for 6 weeks and felt ill for months.
This is a very well produced presentation. Tight, no fluff, the ideal level of rigor for the lay consumer and an enlivening episode for engineers to share something fascinating.
Capitalism, mmmmmm
In a normal job, people expect you to act responsibly. In more important jobs like security and safety, people expect you to act beyond responsibly. In even more important jobs, people do not expect anything. If you do anything beyond the basics, you get praised.
Learned about this way back in documentaries and then in college architectural courses.  Not only an interesting design but at least an open dialogue to fix the issue after the mis-design!
How can one dislike a Veritasium video?
Damn 2 milion views in 13 hours. Great
You knuckleheads!!! The example of a phone line being connected is a power pole. In NYC it would all be underground cable anyway, and even back then probably digital. The only reason that timeframe was quoted is because the telephone company just treated it as another project. The paperwork takes time to work it's course. Sometimes a little pressure is necessary.
I learned about this in my engineering ethics course in Queensland, Australia. It is indeed, a torch held up for all to see.
I know they didn't want to cause panic but it's very selfish to let people still continue to use a building that is dangerous and could collapse 😂😂😂
What an incredible story? What a great video you made here? I absolutely loved this episode. But then again, I love every single episode, you make fascinating stuff. Thank you thank you thank you
I blame the church. Tax them.
And now imagine much higher and much more turbulent windloads in the future because of the increase in temperature through global warming. There is more energy in the weather system every year because of it. And this increase is not linear. We are in interesting times...
I have a question about moral standing: While LeMessurier was fixing the problem without alerting the people on the building, did he stay living on that building?
"Weld all those beams ? Naaaah let’s just bolt them, with the absolute minimum amount we can calculate. It’s not like it can collapse, don’t be silly"
Building a special design to allow the church to stay, just to demolish that beautiful Gothic style and replacing it for fancy rock....
"they had to replace this old crumbling gothic church with a new one" *cuts to a simplistic ugly corporate-feel box resigned to a corner* That pastor failed his duties to protect a beautiful heritage building, and citicorp replaced with with ugly corporate slop. What a sad story.
1:36 Bro is acting like it was the biggest eyesore in Manhattan. Come on now
Absolutely loved this video. So informative, so inspiring, so relatable being in my backyard. Thank you and I hope to see more on structural engineering!
That "old crumbling gothic church" looked a lot better than this brutalist box, thing.
Geeze, you might want to appropriate the discovery to the correct ...woman. It was a female architect student who discovered the fatal flaw. Do your research.
1:40 I've seen trash bins in toilets with the same design as that new church.
This flags up the risk of doing something new, versus the tried and true.  Much is learned over hundreds of examples and over the passage of time.  Deeply new means reconsidering things that for the old way are no longer considered, just formula or convention, like not considering quartering winds.  A new design changed the implications.
I wonder how many times something similar has been found and people just kept quiet. Are there any other buildings that are at risk of failing?
Very godd video again
"veritasium producer" 😂😂
Why is Baker Mayfield presenting
The shame that still pervades didn't come from the mistake, it came from the cover up.  That building should have been fully closed down for immediate repairs, and they know it.   The story that they did "the right thing" is a myth that they don't even believe themselves.
what an awesome story!!
I was going to becoming a civil engineer till I found out my salary cap 😂
I can swear you've already made this video? :O Or maybe it was real engineering or some other engineering channel?
It was a WOMAN architect who asked a critical question that resulted in the realisation that the building would be vunerable to winds on the corners.....
Man hat tan
Makes me wonder, how many sky scrapers are out there with potential structural failure unnoticed? When you are building something this high with loads of people in it, always have more redundancy than cost savings
This story feels like somebody went back in time to prevent a tragedy.
The combo of trying to be too flash, and cutting costs, was never gonna work lol.
12:03 The prof knows what he is talking about, look at the phone balanced on those markers :⁠-⁠P
To demolish that church is criminal.
Why do you change the title of the video everytime
Yes that old church was rubbish - the new one is sooooo much better! :D :D :D :D
22:00 into this video confirms EVERY suspicion I've ever had about NYC; It's a series of *DOMINOES ON END* ready to be toppled! 😱   I'll NEVER go there ever again. I don't even like Downtown LA for the very same reason. What a STUPID idea to put a building within a  heights of other tall buildings. 🤦
Is this a reupload or something? I'm sure I have seen this video before
I definitely prefer the appearance of the historic Gothic Church… Why have modern architects discarded ALL of the accumulated design wisdom acquired since 300BC?
Great video but km is kilometers, Km is kelvin meters
My first thought when they first explained the wind calculation was what if the wind blows from the diagonals , how can a team of engineers and archtects miss that ?!
Great video but km is kilometers, Km is kelvin meters
F i love veritasium. It’s like an addiction. 96% of the calculations I don’t understand but i really don’t care. Thank you Ve
that 1 MF church
Just put some netherrack pillars in the corners
Zniszczyli piękny zabytkowy kościół, a postawili jakieś obrzydliwe pudełko, ale co się dziwić, jak NYC podobnie jak London City to centra satanizmu. Współczuję wam ludzie NY.
Is it earthquake proof tho?
27:24 fun fact: this video was taken before 2001
You don’t want to be the one who takes down a tower in New York City…
bigest crime was to destroy gothic church and replave it wit that... thing
I guess the Chairman was also devastated when hearing this. the problem is was too big and blaming anyone would just be meaningless. he had to accept any repair plan brought by the architect and hope it works.
1:37 Instead of negotiating for renovations, they remove a beautiful historical building. Really is sad and such a downgrade.
Here in Europe it’s required that a second engineering office is proofing the calculations. They actually are taking the responsibility or are at least part of it. Isn’t that common in the US as well?
Idiots.. just add legs at the corners lol
It's oops moments like this is why I have zero interest in Australia going with nuclear power. The engineers do all their calculations and it's all safe. *UNTIL* something comes along and they realise that they didn't think of that and they are actually underrated to about 40% of what it should be. 20,000 later the area is again safe to be reused.
Those church people coild have been a bit more flexible.
Great story, every engineer should act this way
Henry did great job in this video!
All those years in Architectural College, and this is what they come up with!!  It makes you wonder what other "corners" did they cut building other skyscrapers!!
Thanks for adding actual captions for the Deaf
Cant believe people are using AI and cancer and children to make fake profiles into to screw with people and gain views on these bot accounts. Wonder what those accounts then turn into and support?
There used to be a Barnes and Noble bookshop and cafe on the ground floor. When i last visited the cafe in 2014 it was full of tourists trying to take pics inside the building with their mobile phones and security had their hands full trying to stop them
the first thumbnail was better
That building was in suits
That church rebuild was the worst architectural upgrade ever.
I found the video very choppy. It is 24fps! No matter what quality you choose. This isn't 1925 people. You can try to go for basic quality.
A 100% probability?  What are you even saying here? A 100% Maybe?
It should be a crime that they destroyed a beautiful church for such an ugly building. Modern architecture sucks
Couldn't help but think of gas stations everytime he said "chevron". "This keeps happening at every Chevron." "This floor is the top of the next Chevron."
How did you make this video and not mention Superman or Adventures in Babysitting
Wow, i bet the highest tension wasn't at the 30th floor, but inside LeMessieur
Religion getting in the way of progress as usual.
Hotel Jested in Czech Republic uses tuned mass dampener and was built before the Citicorp Center ... google it, it's really interesting structure
A name that matches your profession😅
Such a silly design... And architecturally, it contributed nothing except the architect's ego.🤮
The most criminal part was demolishing that gothic church and replacing it with that stone obelisk kiosk on the corner
"I was the only man in the world who knew this" the ego of this guy, but then again, i myself do not know how credible my source is, but i found a paper of pubmed mentioning that an architecture student that was supposedly male engineer (but now identified) called Diane Hartley was the one who informed him regarding the paper of the vulnerability of the skyscraper.
Say what you want, all these buildings are shitty designs..no character, soul to them. Some of the ugliest buildings are in the Netherlands, Switzerland and Germany.
They are willing to build a building like that even after what happen to the twin towers?
The original church had so much more character than the modern church … it’s a shame that it was torn down instead of renovated
The entire time I’m watching this video, I keep thinking why the World Trade Center fell the way it did. Dang, thank god the owner took out an insurance policy in case anything happened to it
There's a small error with Citigroup Center being the first building with Tuned Mass Damper. Hotel Ještěd, in Liberec, Czechoslovakia, opened in 1973, and it also had TMD. Construction of Citigroup Center began in 1974, completed 1977.
One of the best veritasium videos ever uploaded in my opinion as it the story was so intertwined into risk. I was literally on the edge of my chair.
LeMessurier’s Serenity project is a triumph of engineering ethics — but let's not get carried away: 1 - They created the mess by unnecesseraly overcomplicating the design of the building 2 - The mess started because the company cut corners to save $250K under poor & questionable practices 3 - Staying silent for years delayed crucial quartering wind-related regulations by two decades. Bonus: They also did a number on the church — swapping classic baroque beauty for a concrete box.
we learn a lesson: Dont cover your mistakes. get help to sort it out if needed.
Always we try the hard way.the bracing is like a leaf standing on the branches.🥬
Are we really praising a man that chose NOT to risk killing thousands and going into the history books as the most selfish man ever for not telling anyone......I mean that seens like a nobrainer😅
Really enjoyed this. Thank you.
His name being lemesure is crazy
'Minor personal inconvenience' vs 'Letting thousands of people die and live with the guilt' - tough choice.  It's interesting that people find it heroic.
1:05 uwaga naukowy bełkot?
Sure, he did the right thing, but it still feels wrong to applaud and laugh to the engineer's musings, who is at the same time boasting about his reputation as a semi-god. Sorry, they made a serious mistake, they fixed it, that should be the norm. And keeping the whole issue secret, not only during the repeair but also for years to come until the story was published in the New Yorker? Dubious. The building code which was changed after the article could and should have been changed years earlier.
remarkable story. Thanks for sharing in detail.
A massive building collapsing in New York?! Unthinkable.
Imagine we lived in a world where all those in positions of responsibility actually acted that way. Respect to the designer who not only took responsibility but did the studies and work to attempt to correct this. Why wouldn’t you tell the designer you’ve gone for bolts instead…   Simple human greed …which is at the foundation of all that is done, where anyone benefits financially from at the expense of others, without giving a damn about the impact it will have on those entrusted with your actions and outcomes. Humans…
Oh look the next twin towers that are going to blow up by the FBI. And blame it on someone else.
TMD critically damped, seems a lot like, phase reversal when you build a noise canceling headphone! The same principle works everywhere and physics is the best way to discover it.
7:59 Umm, you know TMD means something else, right?
As someone who has a fear of heights and won't go above 5 floors it's a relief to understand how much thought and planning go into these enormous towers.
I’ve never understood why mentality sees architecture as “marvel” I see it as ridiculous territory of sky rises so ugly blocks the environment so full of itself dumb cost resources audacity but hey build it and fools will come
Not all his fault the contractor .
They really ruined the church with that rebuild.
Ouch, they had this "old" church and replaced it with some Sci-Fi bunker? What a shame.
This was already someomes video?
Architect vs engineers
In all professions, accountability is a basic requirement - unfortunately, there are sometimes crooks who cheat.
I don't know which church are you talking about but that black warehouse looks amazing!
I feel that the downstream contractor who just casually swapped out welds for bolts to save a bit of cash without telling the architects was guilty of criminal negligence. Messurier considered taking his own life because of reckless endangerment somebody else committed.
Oh my god, that new church looks terrible compared to the old Gothic one
Fantastic video!
I honestly don’t see how the man had a choice. It’s not like an investigation wouldn’t have been done unless of course it was contracted out to a Chinese firm.
24:50 Good grief, is that a typo in this old newspaper? It says 140 plates and then says 240. So disappointing.
Thankyou for putting all the references in the video description. It's so infuriating when other videos reference an article but don't bother to provide a link to it.
Am I wrong that it should be intuitive that if you want to topple over a building with stilts in the middle of the sides, you push on the corners? It seems to me that wind vector should have been the main consideration from the get go.
The fact that they destroyed the gorgeous Church to build a funny looking tower just ruined my day 🤧
The whole time I'm thinking please show some kind of a graphic about what a bolted joint looks like, what's the difference between 4 bolts and 14 bolts. And then they show the bolt configuration for two seconds at 21:13 lol
Great video. How a boring engineering problem, most are, becomes a thriller.
Can you do the same kind of video about the flawed design of the Twin Towers ??
Very Interesting structure 💀 Absolutely Incredible video woohoo 💪❤
It’s not out there all by itself. Does the wind ever hit it like in a calculation? What’s the effect of all the other buildings?
They found a ticking time bomb that would've ended thousands lives and they STILL couldn't be bothered to close down a couple of floors for a few days to make the most crucial reinforcements. It isn't exactly praiseworthy in my book.
2:42 that even LOOKS completely insane.
Engineering here is impressive but building is ugly as hell.
What the heck you can just call the guy and he’ll go through the calculations with you? Who can I call at ford and gm to complain about the idiotic engineering of their cars?
"Ol' gothic Church vs new church" My brother in Christ, that downgrade is so atrocious it would have jesus come back to earth just to slap some sense into whoever allowed that to happen I'm about as far from organized religion as you can get, but that's straight up sacrilege.
Not telling people because they don't want a panic is immoral. You have a right to know if your office building is in risk of collapse. If the building next to you is. If you're bringing your kid to the area. This whole, "we need to control information for the good of the people" is such a sick concept.  And I understand they were monitoring the wind conditions that were dangerous. So tell people that. It's fine. People are adults and have the right to make informed decisions.
17:49 at this point, why not just send troops out to weld that adhoc?  The beams are set with two bolts. so its just welding left to do?
the fact that they hid this and only worked on this in the night, risking thousands of lives, just to keep up profits is so scary
Only people who sleep make no mistakes.
1:30 «we got rid of this OLD, CRUMBLING, (GORGEOUS) church, and instead made this ugly angled brick! Hooray!”
Fascinating. Thanks for the ad clock
Thanks for this awesome work. Lovely
So.. why the 30th floor? Is there an easy to understand reason it’s not like the 15th?
I could help out with that for any future reality. But I don't feel like helping you, doing that. People haven't been super kind and loving and done anything I want lately. Or like once, I had a very nice discussion, smokebreak, and even felt like it was okay to steal some hugs from them. Which you can't do with women, whenever you feel like it. You always have to check every impulse around them, super annoying.
This is kind out of left field.... but the recent influx of bot comments reduced my belief the dead internet theory. I hope veritasium make a video on botting and stuff.... would be interesting.
what an insult to replace that old church
that foundation doesn’t look earthquake friendly
Why were 1/4ing winds not a consideration in the original calcs? I mean, it's wind it blows everywhere when it can.
would be really interesting if there was a feature to see how many times the thumbnail and title of any video has changed, even better, what the changes are
Your ability to simplify concepts is remarkable, much appreciated
As always in the modern world, religion puts spokes in people's wheels and does not take into account human casualties. Normal people have to save the situation, and the saints continue to pretend that this is how it should be.
Imagine tearing down a historical gothic church. Crazy. And apparently it wasnt even a bad looking one.
I thought for a second that I was watching a B1M video.
That's the cost of religion for you.
It's all about Structural Engineering nothing to deal with Architure of the Building when the point of discussion is Stability of the Buding.
I get it, you see your career going down the drain, but you actually FOUND the problems BEFORE they happened... and THAT is amazing in and of itself.  You didn't just build and forget.
What the heck you can just call the guy and he’ll go through the calculations with you? Who can I call at ford and gm to complain about the idiotic engineering of their cars?
They replaces a magnificent gothic church with a giant lego piece...
*neo*gothic, for the sake of accuracy.
The hero of the story is the unknown student who questioned. Wherever you are now I hope you are having the best life possible.
It's crazy that he is held up as something special by others for simply doing the right, professional thing.  At least to his credit Le Messurier himself seems to have seen it that way too.
I mean it wasn't him personally that made that mistake, but I guess with his name on the books it was ultimately up to him.
Thanks for the video
the most dangerous buildings have a jewish owner
That new sh1t doesn't even look like church,that's just pathetic anyone to agree to replace actual church with whatever the f4ck that is .....Someone took some money i bet,nobody with half brain would otherwise agree on this,what a shame to even call it a church,disgracefull.
Look up Rainier Tower in Seattle.   They did away with the outside columns completely.
Never truer in the world we’re we start moving into AI 33:09
new york city planners in the late 1900s will see a super old gothic building and ask "is anyone gonna demolish that" and not wait for an answer
thank you guys
That's the most interesting episode I've watched on this channel so far.
32:10 Sejun Park - That's an interesting name
This guy has obviously never played jenga
An idiot can see the huge 1/3 reduction in cross-section lost to structural support. The existing four pillions need to support at least five times the expected loading ... to account for wind or earth quake.  **WHAT WERE THESE IMBECILES THINKING!!**
The fear of making a mistake is what holds most people back from achieving many things. However once you get past that fear, the next one can be even harder, the fear of having to own up to having made that mistake. The people who can overcome both these fears are people you want to have working on anything, but the more critical that thing is the more critical it is you have these sort of people, sadly they are a rare breed.
Wait a second Why is something as important as a mass damper an active component? I'd assume something so critical to the structures survival was going to be working in any condition
new face  need to adjust. Uncommon. Need to process
that is insaneeee that the building is still standing what????
Changes in construction that deviate from the original plans and calculations are an extremely serious matter. That was the direct cause of the walkway collapse at the Hyatt Regency in Kansas City MO, in 1981, that killed 114 people.
They didn't do the wind calculations on the diagonal? That's the direction that presents the largest surface to the wind. That's really basic stuff.
We should award people who admit mistakes and want to fix them not punish them
Wtf kind of new church was it. 1:39 How people went silent on it.
He should have LeMeasured a bit more 😅
They couldn't fix the old and beautiful church. They had to replace it with that turd.
Why didnt they just build around the central pillar not on top of it though
19:02  110 Kelvin-meters per hour, cool!
Here's a scary thought: what if LeMessurier had been killed in a car crash the week before he made that horrific discovery?
Here's to abstract art too
Even if the building had fallen, the real targedy would've still been what they did to that church 😢
my dumbass thought the thumbnail was an iron golem farm💀
How does a team change the designs without notifying the lead engineer? This shows a disasterous management in that team. If welded,  there wouldn't be a problem  Also why isn't there a body of engineers association that checks the safety of designs and gives the approval for it to be built? My country has it and no building starts construction without approval.
"safe and effective"
He didn’t get LeMeasurements correct
I thought an intern discovered the error?
"old crumbling gothic church" what you mean that marvel of engineering that was built without modern tools and techniques that has stood there for centuries? pretty ironic since this video is about a modern building almost collapsing a few years after its construction. i think its quite sad how our buildings are just getting shittier and shitter but you're all so deluded into thinking we're evolving.
Citycorp literally sounds like a fictional company dreampt up for a dystopian scifi movie
Christians upset me so much
Repost. delete YouTube. You are the product.
Metric units, awesome!
But it is ok as they dont get 110KPH winds in New York. Their winds are in MPH, so all is well. 😂
THIS is WHY nobody should EVER BUILD Skyscrapers. They are a WASTE of money, of Resources, and FULL of FRAUD. Just plain Sycophants who can't be bothered to build REAL Homes and Offices. THAT'S WHY NYC is the WORST in the world, when Office workers NEVER leave the OFFICE, and even in a 'community' EVERYONE is a stranger
1:39 I bet that church wasn't crumbling at all.
This is certainly one of the often-told stories on YouTube but I still enjoyed watching it. As for the ethics… all good, apart from the fact that _they only changed the building code in 1995 after the article popped???_ ….given the booming construction of skyscrapers in the meantime, this does not strike me as a very responsible behaviour?
Absolutely disgusting, look at that garbage building, heinous thing they call a church. NY is the dirtiest, most unfriendly place I’ve ever been.
I'm sorry to hear he's dead, I didn't know he did a video lecture about it.
Is this a re-upload? I swear I've seen a video talking about this exact issue with the bolts 6 or 7 years ago.
Yeah we totally need to “replace this old crumbling gothic church”… Cause who wants to see actual historic, old-time, artful, handcrafted structures in gothic style? Those are such an eye-sore…  Real-estate developers ALWAYS know just what we want. Just repeating galvanized steel and glass, as far as the eye can see, of course… Awesome. Tell me more.
Shameful, Veritasium. This man is not a hero for putting people at risk, and trying to cover it up.
No way the evil corporation that took down that beautiful old church and replaced it with a concrete blob or whatever that is, is called Citicorp. And the guy that measured wrong is called Le Measure
I'm glad we all agree that what they did to that gothic church is the real disaster here.
Elsewhere in the world I doubt that the engineer, architect, builder, even Citi corp Org would have been so honest and action oriented that they would in all their seriousness go by identifying thoroughly and then fixing those gaps as well... well done to everyone involved, technical, lawyers and business aspects also, to work in unison against time.
Yall forgot how this all started . The Church
This tuned mass damper looks like a RCL circuit and tuning it looks a lot like tunning poles and zeros in a control circuit
Tall buildings are dicey at best.  Why design fancy stupid crap?  Money.  If you need to develop a disaster plan, you should NOT be designing large buildings!  Trees are smart, they're thicker at the base, and taper upwards.
all that just to save 250.000.... human kind is pathetic.
Reminds me what i do in software development, i encouter some weird behavior and i start calculating what would happen if this happens, is it ok, or should it be re-done. Especially when I discover errors already in production
everyone, even those without a license, are responsible beyond themself to act when somethings up.
Engineers unite!
Bro played jenga and was like. I got an idea for a huge skyskraper. Hold my crayons
Its crazy that he woupd never knew about the problem and never fixed it if random ONE student was not randomly curious about this building.
It was discovered by a college student... Not him. She was never credited.
In another timeline, Citicorp was the predecessor to 9/11
Hey he didn't discover the error, it was pointed out by a woman doing her thesis on the building. At least after she pointed it out he didn't bury it and actually owned it to get it fixed though.
what a scam for them to totally remove that beautiful work of art of a church and replace it with a concrete box I am so sick of how many people put hard work into removing beauty & replacing it with cultural vacancy.
Let’s put a skyscraper on stilts. What could go wrong?
why don't they just add more legs to that building?
Just because you can do something, doesn't mean you should.  Unfortunately, Ego is a big factor with Architects and Engineers, and they love to win awards for design.
I don't understand how the pastor wanted to preserve the chuch, but had the original structure replaced with an unimpressive one. What was the point?
28:28 What do you mean, "over 6.8 magnitude"? The interesting question is the maximum rating. Taiwan sits on a techtonic boundary and is volcanically active. There was a 7.3 quake in 1999, and 7.4 in 2024. The only rating claim I found is that it can withstand "the strongest earthquakes in a 2,500-year cycle". That's probably a lot, but how much is it?
Can somebody build legs on those corners now? It still looks unstable even if on paper its fine.
Not all structural engineers are lucky as the repair cost was saved. People mostly are not  considerate to mistakes. Because many times, repair to these mistakes are very costly, and the client would demand the company to pay for repairs. The company would go bankrupt due to a single person 's mistake if they agrees as the cost of engineering cost is just 4-5% of the project cost. There are mistakes in the calculations many times and the engineer when they realise after or during erection of building, it is a nightmare. All he can do is keep quiet and hope that the hurricane or the earthquake of the design load never struck the building. He calculates his own life expectancy may be 40-50 years more and the expectancy of the hurricane or earthquake load.
Razing the original church for whatever this is, was criminal
replace gothic church with minecraft tofu house
A second disaster wasn’t avoided, a beautiful gothic church was replaced by an ugly soulless monolithic monstrosity
It wasn't the engineer who found out the problem. It was a single undergrad student, Diane Hartley.
Good thing I have never been taught about engineering ethics. I guess I don't have to care about others lol.
it was a beautiful church
Will: "Ah yeah, no problem, they are welded!" Verifies Office: "Oh yeah, we bolted them, LOL."  Damn bolts and damn communication 😂. It must have been a nightmare for the welders to do those patches without damaging the furniture, damn pros. Again, quick thinking of LeMessurier, he acted responsibly. In my firm, I know some people who would have done nothing in his situation. Nice job, really interesting video. And well made of course. I liked the demonstration of the TMD, very well explained.
You enter the office in the morning *sniff sniff * "Why does it smell like welding fumes here? Why is my table moved by a half inch?"
Maybe they should have, you know, done the most basic calculations before constructing the building.
"It's a white lie because we didn't want to cause a panic"... that only works because the building didn't collapse. If the repairs weren't done on time and the building did collapse and thousands of people had died because they hadn't been warned of the possibility of collapse... then when people realize the engineers knew of the flaw in advance but lied about it to the press and the public.. it would be a very different story.  In the end, "not cause a panic" in my opinion is more of the justification for not wanting to pay the millions of $ necessary to evacuate all that area and lodge or compensate businesses/people who needed to be evacuated.
IIRC, an engineering student discovered the mistake and pointed it out to the architect
Wait,, wait, wait,.... bolt on?...Its a building, not a body kit bumper, for a used car.
Review. It for sure depends on the size and impact of the thing. But in all areas (an advice, a machine, software, process, engineering thingy, health, craftsman, ...) look back now and then at what you did and ask the ones having to deal with it. Ideally dont check when the building fell down, a solution burst into flames,... proactively come back and check things. Compare to your newest knowledge and increased expertise to see if a mess can be avoided, decreased our you may even learn something new and be a better expert from then on.
I remember just watched few days about this
It's amazing to live in Ukraine, no hurricanes, no earthquakes, no bom.. ah wait
We all have choices in life...I choose 10 story buildings or less...Build them as high as you can dream them...Won't ever step foot in them, period...😉👌
Last night, I watched The Flash (2023), and today I stumbled upon this Veritasium video, uploaded just 11 hours ago from now. As I was watching, I thought, "Whoa! Is that the building from the scene where Flash saves a bunch of falling babies, a nurse, and even the service dog from a collapsing building?! No way — a documentary about the real building from the movie I just watched!" So I got completely hooked for all 33 minutes and 38 seconds.  But after finishing the video, I went back and checked the clip from the movie... and yeah, it was a completely different building 😂😂😂. It was the scene about Flash saving people while Batman was chasing terrorists who had blown up a building. And turns out that building wasn’t in Manhattan at all — it was a Gotham City skyscraper 😂.  The building I saw in the movie was just a protruding section sticking out from a much larger main structure, supported by a single central pillar. I guess I got confused because the shape kind of looked similar, with that one pillar holding everything up. Total brain fail 😂.  Still, it made me appreciate this video even more! I’m not sure where I’ll ever use the knowledge I gained here, but honestly, this was such an interesting and fun time. Thank you for making it!
Citycorp sounds like the villian in the Lego movie
People talk about butterfly wings destroying cities but, in this case, a butterfly saved one. If Lee had decided on a different thesis, thousands of people would have died.
"This system was entirely unique": laughs in steeplejack platforms.
What a great f** video!
All errors must have a correction. No matter the cost of treasure or damage. We should also not condemn people who make errors and then fix them. Only condemn people who make errors and fail to correct it.
Would it have been that hard to get permission for a quick drone shot of the building instead of using that awful old footage?
Having the TMD wired up to the grid and susceptible to blackouts without any backup power is pretty out there i thought.
Look how they massacred that church
To save thousands of innocent lives you should definitely sacrifice your professional career! It’s not a tough decision. Your life wouldn’t be over and there would still be plenty of opportunities for a pleasant life:)
so it's a common sense issue, as usual?
The area above the church needed to be clear, so that their god - who is omnipresent - can see them well. Without that clear area, the church would have been a blind spot in the omnipresent boy in the sky.  What does that tell you about the logic of the church and it’s cult. 😆
Self-disclosure of errors without fear of punishment serves the greater good of the public and should therefore be a standard practice in engineering.
Tore down and old gothic church for that???????  Eeew.
I know this is the oldest case-study in the book, but it is by far the clearest explanation of what went on that I have ever seen, to the point I think its been mistaught to architecture students. I thought I'd been told about this way back in the 1980s but I think it must be a false memory .
Is it force or air pressure?
Would that man had come out today and taken responsibility? The buck does not seem to stop anywhere these days. People are much better at dodging responsibility and blaming anyone else nearby. I'm not whining... I've been thinking about this a lot as times and people change. Celebrities and politicians have been sending the message of deny everything and double down. Do you think he'd have warned people at the risk of his professional and financial future in 2025 if he could have avoided it?
look at this man saying: here I am the only man in the world that knew" like he was blessed with being that smart to find out. just antypical american acting sorry when its way to lait acting like there has been no way to find out before. just as the american way with slaugthering civilans in different countries then act like oh no wencoukd not see that one coming 💀
they destroyed that beautiful church for this eye sore
Imagine if Musk designed this building.
The amount of hyperbolic nonsense in this is through the roof. "There would've building after building falling..."  No. No they wouldn't. 99% of building are built to withstand huge stresses. It's a natural part of their shape.   What stood out to me is that if they had the capability to enter offices in the middle of the night and retro fit anything and everything, they had the capability to _take away_ structural integrity and include cutting charges.
Deleting the cool gothic church and building a mac-mini church... I don't like it
this years jee adv questions will come from veritasium
Sooooo ...they quietly worked on this one, without the staff noticing you say???
I think the idea that you could kill tens of thousands of people with a plausible oversight is a good argument (among many) that skyscrapers aren't great ideas.
if you imagine a chair with its feet in the middle of the sides, aren't diagonal forces the first thing you account for?
Crazy
So, the root of all evil was church.
VERTASIUM VIDEO ON CIVIL ENGINEERING 🤑🤑🤑
Pokoknya Toke69 recommended banget buat semua!
25:30 I would have told them "we've figured out a way to increase the tower's lifetime by at least a century" not talking about the lack of a century in the first place 😂
They demolished that church for that sad box? Damn...
Is this a re-upload?  Definitely heard this story before.  Maybe it's just regurgitating other videos, not sure
1:40 it looks like a post office
Boeing be like: "what?"
I can't believe how ugly they made that church
"Old crumbling gothic church" - I take it, in the same vein, the works of Sandro Botticelli would be considered "dated"?   Idiots!
I had a friend who had a 2,500sf sw corner facing office in the Willis Tower (Sears Tower) on the 98th floor. I swear I thought I could feel the building sway in the wind
BROOOO, WHAT?! You telling me they replaced this beautiful church with this non sence? That's terrible. It's so sad.
Uggh. Phukking background music!!! Overproduced trash.
Why was it allowed? It all started in a pencil factory back in 1913
I hope those emergency welded bandaids were confirmed by the boss.
Me after that vid ✈️↘️
Never skimp on the structural backbone 😅
Rounding down calculations is pretty bold
It takes 'courage' to admit it when we make a mistake. Thank God a lot of efforts went into making building safer.
They say that fear and terror over a predicted disaster makes you sweat profusely. I can't imagine the liters of sweat produced by everyone aware of the risks with each storm forecast (even if said storm turns out to be minor or doesn't reach the city) before the repairs are completed.
w t f was done to that church?! americans..
lmao "hurricane season" in manhattan
They destroyed old historical church for this ugly building? Idiots..
What is crazy is the switch from welds to bolts wasn’t approved by the boss.
Ok I’m impressed. I’ve seen a lot of videos on this building, so was expecting more of the same. But this is the first video that actually went into detail on the actual stress paths and design - even engineering channels I’ve seen didn’t go into this detail, so I learned a lot of new info in this video.
Thats funny, I thought it was a university that told him the building was flawed?
Derek! No mention of the graduate student who discovered the issue? Omission of her story continues a pattern of erasure and bias in the field of architecture.
The "old crumbling Gothic Church" was 10,000 times prettier and nicer than that weird ugly modernistic box they have now.
mfers was playing jenga and said oh imma make a building like this
ok but why is no one talking about the old beautiful gothic church being destroyed?😢
Thank you for going into significantly more detail on this topic than others have. This makes the problem and the solution very easy to comprehend.
7:25 This graph is a bit confusing, I would've swapped the axes
the gothic chirch looked a lot better than the modern concrete block redesign
Boeing Engineers probably felt the same and did the same thing but paid for with their lives or livelyhoods...:D
Jews
Sounds like engineers will be the first to be replaced with AI , its a 5 sec problem . Also i will never trust an engineer after hearing `lets not panic the 0ffice workers ` is that not an offence ?
Fun fact: It was used for the first 2 episodes of Suits before they started filming it in Toronto😅
It's a crime that there were allowed to destroy the old Gothic church!
It’s crazy to think how close we came to disaster — and how few people even knew. I find it fascinating (and a little terrifying) that something as massive as the Citicorp building could have been held together by quick thinking and quiet fixes. It makes you wonder how many other silent “near misses” are out there
This man is a true hero, face with your biggest fear and act, just, wow.
It’s awesome!
So out of all the things they could have yoloed, they yoloed the one single most crucial piece of structural engineering solution in the building by bolting those braces instead of welding. Nice!
I was that student who called LeMessurier... and my name is Spartacus.
I can't look at this stilts construction. It is too painful.
In the mid-90s, I had cause to visit this building multiple times.  Although I am not a structural engineer and knew nothing about this story, I remember thinking: "That just doesn't look right."   I also had cause to go to WTC2 to visit Cantor Fitzgerald (floor 100-105) and just getting up there was a major hassle.  You had to change elevators at the 70th floor because 105 floor elevators were deemed unsafe.  I talked to the staff about the '93 bomb attack and evacuation: it was a real horror story.  The rest is history.  My point?  Super tall buildings just don't make sense.
Most skyscrapers are built near other skyscrapers. So it's reasonable to assume that some wind flow streams would be turbulent around a structure. So why would you not account for wind from all directions.
I feel like this is one of your best videos.  Not sure why though
TLDR: Architects are arrogant and even a child playing with a toy tower has more understanding about the real forces, because they build models and don't know math.
13:08 The student was a her, not a him
Baseball huh...
13:04 Not "him", the student was Diane Hartley.
>the only man who knew this? wasn't it some kid that found out the flaw?
I've known of this story for years, but had no idea it really wasn't the engineering designers fault. Good reason for the designer to see a job through.
Cool story…..are we going to ignore how that new church looked like a subway entrance?
So they replaced a gothic style church with a bunker looking thing. Makes total sense...
You really missed the story about Diane Hartley who discovered the flaw and gave way too much credit to LeMessurier.
That church was beautiful. What a shame
The thing I really don't get is why they didn't evacuate the building to finish structural reinforcement faster. I understand that they didn't want to cause a mass panic but I mean... I suspect that it's first and foremost a matter of money.
As an archi students I'd say that no professor would rate your diploma project with a high mark if you turn to studying winds the night before your presentation. It must be done before you start sketching
The old church being gone is a crime
Seasick in Manhattan 🤢
"It needs 4 bolts so we'll use 4 bolts"... pardon? Code is the floor, not the ceiling. Always go above code-minimum and *always build with redundancy*. If you're building an elevator and you calculate it can theoretically pull 2000kg (in addition to its own weight) then that's all well and good, but you don't print "max load 2000kg" on the plaque, you might print "max load 800kg" or "max load 1200kg" on it but never ever would you print "max load 2000kg".   What kind of absolute cowboy built this structure?
These are the stories I absolutely love to see
"Hey so we're going to build this new and complex structure with advanced technology to prevent wind from swaying the building so much that it collapses, but we're not going to test what might happen if the wind blows at the corners." Are engineers really this stupid and disconnected from reality or am I missing a key element to this story?
Yeah watched the YouTube short for this
Both your clickbait titles are terrible. Why not name it "Why bolts werent enough"
One earthquake and the people are cooked.
AI Summary  *Abstract:*  This video recounts the engineering crisis of the Citicorp Center in the late 1970s. Designed with a unique structure featuring columns at the center of each face to accommodate an existing church, chief engineer Bill LeMessurier employed innovative chevron bracing and a tuned mass damper. However, a design change substituting welded joints for bolts on the braces, combined with an oversight in calculating strength under "quartering winds" (hitting the building diagonally), left the skyscraper vulnerable to collapse in a severe storm. LeMessurier's discovery of this potentially fatal flaw led to a critical ethical dilemma. Choosing public safety over professional reputation, he initiated a secret repair operation (Project Serene) to weld reinforcement plates onto the vulnerable joints, working against the clock during hurricane season. The building narrowly avoided disaster during Hurricane Ella. The story highlights LeMessurier's integrity and has become a celebrated case study in engineering ethics, leading to changes in building codes regarding wind load calculations.  *The Citicorp Center Crisis: A Near Disaster and an Ethical Triumph*  *   *0:00* The Citicorp Center, opened in 1977, was an engineering marvel with a hidden fatal flaw discovered in the summer of 1978 by engineer Bill LeMessurier. *   *1:05* The building's unique design was necessitated by an agreement with Saint Peter's Church (0:01:16), requiring the tower's base to be open, leading to the placement of supporting columns at the center of each side rather than the corners. *   *3:19* LeMessurier designed a chevron bracing system to transfer gravity loads to the central columns and withstand wind loads, a unique solution for a skyscraper. *   *7:50* To mitigate swaying due to the relatively light structure, a novel tuned mass damper (TMD) was installed on the top floor (0:09:49), weighing 400 tons. *   *11:18* The critical flaw was discovered after LeMessurier learned that welded connections on the chevron braces had been substituted with bolts (0:11:45) to save costs. *   *13:59* While rechecking calculations, LeMessurier realized that the bolt connections had only been analyzed for straight-on winds, not "quartering winds" hitting the building diagonally (0:14:06). *   *14:17* Calculations showed that quartering winds could increase forces on some braces by 40%, and dynamic analysis (considering building movement) revealed even higher stresses (0:18:09), potentially exceeding the strength of the bolted joints. *   *17:22* Compounding the issue, the firm had used an incorrect factor of safety and underestimated gravity loads when calculating the required number of bolts, resulting in far fewer bolts (four) than needed (up to ten or more) at critical joints (0:17:00). *   *18:39* LeMessurier calculated that a storm occurring every 67 years could cause collapse, or every 16 years if the TMD lost power (0:19:06). He believed it could fall in his lifetime. *   *19:51* Facing potential professional ruin, bankruptcy, or even considering suicide, LeMessurier chose to inform Citicorp executives (0:20:34) about the risk to public safety (0:20:25). *   *20:41* Citicorp's chairman, Walter Wriston, immediately approved emergency measures, including generators for the TMD (0:20:42) and a secret repair plan called Project Serene (0:20:55). *   *21:10* Project Serene involved welding large steel plates onto over 200 vulnerable joints, working overnight to minimize disruption (0:21:15). *   *21:41* An evacuation plan for a 10-block radius was developed with the Red Cross, though kept secret from the public to avoid panic (0:22:25). Strain gauges and dedicated phone lines were installed for monitoring (0:22:31). *   *25:02* A remarkable coincidence occurred when LeMessurier tried to call The New York Times, only to find the newspaper staff were on strike (0:25:06), resulting in a press blackout that aided the secrecy of the repairs. *   *25:42* The project faced a major threat when Hurricane Ella, a strong storm, headed towards New York in September 1978 (0:25:42). The city prepared for evacuation (0:26:20), but the hurricane turned out to sea at the last minute (0:26:37), narrowly avoiding disaster. *   *26:59* Repairs were completed in October 1978 at a cost of $4-5 million. The building is now considered safe enough to withstand a "one in 1000" storm (0:27:04). *   *27:24* The crisis remained largely secret for almost two decades until a 1995 "New Yorker" article (0:27:29). LeMessurier was widely praised for his ethical conduct (0:27:35). *   *27:42* New York City updated its building code to include requirements for quartering wind calculations (0:27:42). *   *28:08* Tuned mass dampers, pioneered in this skyscraper, are now common in tall buildings worldwide (0:28:08). *   *28:37* The legacy includes controversy over the identity of the student who first raised concerns about the quartering winds (0:28:39), often attributed to Diane Hartley (0:28:51) or Lee DeCarolis (0:31:00), though the exact interaction with LeMessurier remains debated. *   *32:20* The Citicorp Center crisis is widely taught as a prime example of engineering ethics and the professional responsibility engineers have for public safety (0:32:23).  I used gemini-2.5-flash-preview-04-17| input-price: 0.15 output-price: 3.5 max-context-length: 128_000 on rocketrecap dot com to summarize the transcript. Cost (if I didn't use the free tier): $0.0082 Input tokens: 22988 Output tokens: 1357
great video
This is one of the most fascinating stories I've ever heard and I don't know if I'll ever trust a skyscraper again. Even 1 in 1000 doesn't seem good enough? Imagine you could get those odds on the lotto.
cut the unnecessary ai art
Come on. LeMessurier is far from any hero. He was sloopy but to vain to admit it, and risked the lifes of thousands while fixing his mistakes....
Didn’t someJapanese temples have a TMD hundreds of years ago? I think they had giant logs in the center of the building for earthquake protection.
you made a mistake at 1:37, it has to be "to replace beautiful, historical gothic church with ugly cube"
This channel really is hellbent on giving women in STEM more glory in at every opportunity isn’t it? It’s starting to affect their credibility a little bit
Why build a building that can not withstand
And all because companies wanted to save money. Capitalism®
This man not only owned up to his mistake... he shared that legacy with the world in new technology.
This is a take off of Roman Mars's 99%Invisible  pod cast which did an extremely brilliant job. This is just a rehash of that episode.
Do high-rise buildings' safety get reassessed for the projected increase in storm strength due to the worsening climate, I wonder? Category 4 & 5 storms can have winds exceeding 200km/h
I hate to think it but I don’t see this building holding up to much if a plane flys into it. I wonder also if this building is a target after videos like this showing its weakness?
Thy replaced this 1:38 with a cardboard box.
Another perfect example of religion setting our society back
@veritasium please explain nuclear energy, its method of production ,different nuclear reactors and its future.
If those "braces" are transferring vertical load as designed, they aren't braces, they are angled columns.
I guess New York has a problem with cutting corners or otherwise missing serious details in their construction. The MetLife building had to have emergency work done on it before Hurricane Sandy hit lest it would suffer from the same problem as this building.  Also, to go into the speculative domain the phrase "jet fuel doesn't burn hot enough to melt steel beams" is only relevant if steel beans were used. To follow up would you suppose someone would cut corners to potentially save hundreds of millions of dollars if they thought they could get away with it?
the real test came in 2012. with hurricane sandy. and obviously the building is still standing.
Anyone walking away from this story thinking LeMessurier was in any way admirable or a sympathetic character needs their head read. The entire situation was of his and his firm's own making; blowing the whistle on the danger was the absolute least he could have done. The fact that he was contemplating ending his life without doing so purely to avoid embarrassment is an indictment on his character, and laughing as he lectures on it without the slightest inflect of humility when it could have cost thousands of lives is as gross as it gets.
All because of religion! (Just kidding.)
Japan: am I a joke to you? 😂
strange tangent butttttt, i calculated during this vid that newyork could only afford to upkeep 100 skyscrapers per year with its average intake of money and average cost of skyscraper upkeep
Disapointed that they didnt rebuild the church on the roof. X) If only they left that monument alone in the first place.
The most dangerous building in Manhattan is the church
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church to build the most ugly thing ever in replacement???????
There's a nice video at Sabin Civil Engineering channel: "Jaw-Dropping Secrets Behind Tallest Buildings".
Professional self preservation?, I think so!. He got lucky with the wind, had that building collapsed while he was protecting himself then the story would have been the 70s Titanic!. 😠
Dampening = Damping Wreck = Wreak
Amazing stuff
A few days ago I saw a reel about this building
28:46 have we just heard 2 minutes of talk about a student, which in the end wasnt relevant to LeMessurier? She said she never spoke to him, and LeMessurier said it was a man
LeMessurier just needed a little remeasure. no big deal.
THAT’s a church…. Holly molly that is HORRENDOUS, gothic one was way better.
The sotry is amazing but I am just hooked by how insane the engineering and building process was, great visual explanation!
Bro is running out of ideas and taking video ideas from tik tok I guess. Saw similar topic video to this on tik tok weeks ago. It was better and more polished than whatever this is
That shows the true beauty of science: listening to the questions of students, doubting yourself, and thinking of what is right for the public, not for your own carreer. It takes a lot of courage to recognize you have been wrong and take action to right it.
Wow,  they built an ugly church.
The real crime was the Church building 😅
As an engineer I can definitely sympathise with the weight of responsibility that Bill felt…   Well, I’m not a civil engineer but a software engineer. But if I mess up my job then millions of people could go hours without receiving marketing notifications from our app that they don’t want but can’t be bothered or don’t know how to disable.
Lighthearted treatment of unmitigated corporate engineering incompetence.
Had the structure been welded as originally specified, would the design been adequate?
Never liked skyscraper buildings not just this one, they seem unnecessary dangerous.
If you guys are interested in this stuff, apart from the Architecture engineering, it's called " Design of Machine Elements"
27:05 I am not a structural engineer but a 1/1000 risk still sounds scary. Both the intensity and frequency of extreme weather is increasing.
LeMessurier? more like LeProblem.
thank god im a chef and not an architech as i thought, thats a lot to deal with
Heard Manhattan and immediately clicked for the Twin Towers 😂😂
they straight up replaced the most gorgeous looking church with a slanted qube
this is all great but religious nut jobs would car bomb it, and your opening up weaknesses for a colapse
Low quality video unfortunately. Too much blathering, almost like a targeted biography for that period of his life, and very sporadic mentions in the mechanics. Also the "producer/presenter"...not the best for the screen. 😢 Who have convinced you to change your channel so much? Is it them? They dislike it when we're learning.
This is insane how technology is being developed!
As a european, I hate it when I hear americans utter distances in metric without offering a conversion for their fellow americans. Just rude and reeks of a pretentious internationalist superiority complex.
He LeMessuriered it wrong.
Wow, I loved it! Keep making more videos!
Swiss cheese of human fails. But now Veritasium is out, Citigroup has an undeniable problem.
I liked the perspective at around 6:40. Feels more immersive, like I’m actually talking to the dude and looking as he’s speaking. I think it’s nicer than just a still camera on someone’s face
They were playing with human lives.
This is like a @B1M video without the British narration. Maybe a collaboration next?
Skyscraper engineers should take into account that climate OR environment is NOT a CONSTANT. Solutions for high-risk disaster areas should be implemented universally. We experience on a daily basis how climate zones shift and change. Once calm and peaceful weather may become wild and aggressive in a matter of a few years. Architects ought to keep their fancy projects for art galleries.
so glad to hear a story like this that ends with "so he tried to do the right thing and everything worked out" 😂
‘Crumbling gothic church’ Sure buddy…
That "CHURCH" shouldn't even be called a church!!!! It looks more like a over-funded park restroom that some dork who has been told too many times that his/her designs are "visionary, true artist, one of a kind architect" when really they design ugly ass soulless buildings!!!!!
"bolted beams when they need to be welded" ... where was the building inspection team? this is non-compliant mate
and now the flow is bringing as the whisper that on the edge of science we could move beyond the object-centered physics and observe the flow and the densities (the mass is not really a mass - it is density of the ontoFlow), and in math we should realize fully that axiom of choice is not an axiom, but a choice, which on the edge creates something like a sideway wave on the edge of the closed pool - sinusoids of seeming chaos and paradoxes (which are result of applying the axiom of choice - extraction repeatedly), and beautiful conjenctures happen on the other nodes (there axiom of choice though present, but still tamed). Then we can go and be free, and create a math without numbers (for the edge) - because numbers themselves are the result of choice, and it has consequenses and those conjectures whisper - they want to flow beyond the math as we know it. The axiom of choice is not an axiom, but a choice - and choice is the we pretend, that it is not about the relation. The object-centerdness is a choice, that is it not about the relation. And it is always about the relation. And on the edge of science, it cant be measured - but respectufully observed.   In this great story, we see how important is relation and listening, and taking responsibility - it would be easier to carry it together. And were are still the proper place of object-centerdness, and measurments, and exactness. But even here - the wind, the flow (gravity as the flow) - are the flows we cannot fully capture :)
First rule of engineering; Messurier twice, cut once.
Interesting to see the building was sold in April 2001
He didn't discover it. A graduate student discovered it and notified him of the problem. He then checked and verified that she was correct!
When talking about a US topic, it'd be nice to get US measurements even if just as a sidenote. 110km/h has no reference to know if that's fast or very fast for those that don't use metric daily.
why not just make a safe building. there's a reason why it had never been done before.
The risk exists until today. Climate changes, hurricanes may come through NY harbor, and tectonic plates may shift slightly enough to create abnormal earthquakes (Earthquakes happen everywhere; it's a matter of scale, of course).
This reminds me of the episode "Structural Corruption" from the show "Numb3rs". In it, a structural-engineering student discovers a flaw in a marquee building created by a rich real-estate mogul. However, the people behind the building don't want the flaw to be known after having spent so much money on it, so that leads to tragedy. Much of what is being told in this video about TDM & Column-design was also discussed in the episode. And this was back in 2005. I highly recommend "Numb3rs" for people who (like me) grew up hating Maths & Mathematical-disciplines but a show like Numb3rs made me realize how fun it can be provided one has the right medium/teachers.
The engineering company made the mistake so should have had to pay for the retrofit.
it's horrifying that they didn't tell anyone in the building. this is told as a success because they got lucky. if the winds hit before they completed the fixes and the building collapsed, thousands could have died despite the city knowing that risk. you never ever take the lives of others into your hands without their knowledge or consent like that.
the animations on this video are so bad they made me cringe! please don't use those, better to have no animations than goofy bad ones
the SUITS building lol
hi Derek can you make an episode on Tsunami? I always find it scary and fascinating at the same time.
Dont see any problem with the design myself
I'm a 33 year old man, but these videos make me feel like a little kid getting their mind blown. They remind me of those random VHS tapes my parents would get that were just giant tractors and trucks. Large buildings and Dams and stuff. It's genuinely fascinating how much engineering goes into this stuff. Also crazy that youre pulling over a million views in less than 12 hours!! It gives me hope that other random folks like myself are trying to be educated. That or they just like looking at the big shiny buildings. Fair enough.
..just a thought, can you state the parameters, rather than nimble facts for intense..  ..by doing this, there is no learn, only discovery, by your device..  ..in essence, this isn't helpful, it's obscure drama, which I get, sells vids, though denigrate engineering, as a principle..  ..please do better..
Land of the Stooooopid and poor
i know you clarify later in the vid, but the opening makes me laugh. 'made a terrifying discovery'. no, a woman made the discovery and told him. you also called the student 'him' in this video, when it was a female student.
"just 340 tons...." that's a hell of a statement.
1:48 Author of the great muscalculation. Wow.
Yep
1:30 the saddest thing is that they got rid of that GORGEOUS church
theres nothing that says a bolt is inherently worse or better???? one is a mechanical connection the other is melting two metals together to make a stronger joint. whoever said the former is a moron
The Dutch checking on their investment lol
Can you stop sending Veritasium producers to things? These videos are always the ones that end up with lower quality content.
Ugliest Church I ever saw :D
That old church was beautiful and not crumbling at all. The new one looks like an ugly nuclear shelter not a church. Architectural value was lost.
If an american can make money, but it ultimately costs people's lives, they will. It's built into their DNA.
The old church was beautiful. The new one is hideous. I hate modernity.
getting pretty tired of other ppl narrating parts of the video. We are here for derek, not anyone else
23:10 for that kind of funny moment I’m watching the ad FULLY LMAOO
Diane Hartley's thesis, titled "Implications of a Major Urban Office Complex: The Scientific, Social and Symbolic Meanings of Citicorp Center, New York City," is indeed subject to specific access restrictions at Princeton University's Seeley G. Mudd Manuscript Library. The strict limitations imposed on the distribution of this thesis are very surprising given its historical importance. As a result, no complete copy is available online. Here are the details: This undergraduate senior thesis, completed in 1978 as part of Hartley's Bachelor of Science in Engineering in Civil Engineering and Operations Research, is archived in the university's DataSpace repository. However, it is designated as "Walk-in Access," meaning it can only be viewed on-site at the Mudd Manuscript Library using designated computer terminals. There is no option for online access or downloading, and reproduction is prohibited without explicit permission. While a request form is available for those seeking copies, approval is not guaranteed and is subject to the library's discretion. Despite the thesis's recognized significance in the history of civil engineering, particularly regarding the Citicorp Center's structural analysis, Princeton University has not provided an official explanation for these access limitations.
Was this building featured in GTA? Feel like ive seen it before haha
I got to spend a season being the site canine security and I patrolled that building and its grounds . I got to walk through the engineering part of the building and see it from places most people would never get to go . I never knew about the structural issues . I was also trained as a Fire Safety Director for sky scrapers  and I was certified through the NYFD. I LOVE the engineering of the buildings and substructure of my City. I had zero idea that the building had these issues . Great video . Thank you so much.
most designs I read have a 300%-400% stress load redundancies.  60% increase is a lot but isn't the standards that is expected in most highrise. WTC had a 500% redundancy which was strange that both 1 and 2 collapsed even with buckling from the heat. the runaway seemed weird because it was 3 buildings stacked on both towers with only the top building section on both being compromised.  anyways this could of been a massive disaster
what about earthquakes?
absolutely not the first tuned mass damper
Didn't a student discover this error?
the students research deserves a nobel prize
Lemeasure twice, la cut once
TMDs are as far as I know the only example active support currently in use. ("Active Support" refers to systems that run on electrical power to work).
Wow we should be very relieved a student put this all in motion and not a hurricane
i still hate that skyscraper it doesnt feel fun to stand around i dont trust it
Church got fked up so bad they might as well have relocated instead
There’re engineers bro  They’ll figure it out  And this is old news  Structural changes we made long time ago.  Why doesn’t any building fall down ? Gravity
science matters. If suddenly all people wants to be tiktokers, believes in flat earth or are anti-vax... new dark age in the corner
Just looking at that design, I guess its a diagonal wind that'll be the problem? That and cost cutting?  Edit: I was correct, huh. Maybe i did learn something in college.
In zim we have telone buidling with raised bottom almost simialr to this buidling
they should use the spring mass to generate energy instead of just dissipating it through damping
Tragic
Damn, that 'new church' exterior sucks.
Replacing that "old" Gothic church with a new one seems typical what a corporate can do to destroy what generations have been able to build and cherish. Can not even believe this happened!
Спасибо интересно
that church is the UGLIEST thing
I've seen a few videos on this building but none explain it better than this.
Old news. There are better videos on the subject on YouTube for years.
they altert his disign (not welding but using bolts) not his fault.....he came up with a solution too their mistake
Too high to understand anything
Amazing video as always
I loved this.
So 250k US$ is the value of 3000+ lives.
old and not gold
"Own separate identity"? It just blends with the background, even the editor had to highlight it for us. Looks more like a glorified subway entrance.
Still doesn’t feel safe to be in that building. 1/1,000 storm will knock it down; that’s too low.
1) LeMessurier own hubris created the problem. if he had just cut one corner instead of all four, he most probably wouldn't have been in that mess. sure, one might argue that his hubris created an accidental opportunity to advance structural engineering. but as the video pointed out mass dampers were already widely used...i am pretty sure if the citigroup tower did not use mass damper, another building down the line would have considered the use of mass dampers.  2) why wasn't LeMessurier angry that his firm changed the brace connections without telling him? wasn't LeMessurier the lead structural engineer on the project? why wasn't there any elaboration on this critical issue? the engineering firm changed the connection time simply because it was cheaper....doesn't that say a lot about how corporation operate? because maximizing profits is soooo important, the engineering firm was willingly to simply change the connection from weld to bolt because it would save them money and increase their profits. just for $250,000??? crazy  3) LeMessurier, Citigroup and NYC government did not want to inform the public because they did not want to cause mass panic and "terrorize" the public.......how pathetic! this is 100% copium. is this what LeMessurier tells himself so that he can sleep at night? what LeMessurier was actually saying is that the public was too feeble and simple-minded to understand the problem at hand, the public did not have the mental capacity to comprehend the catastrophic mistake that LeMessurier, his engineering firm, the contractor and citigroup made. and so, the public had to, HAD TO protected from information that could 'damage' their fragile mind. how sweeeet of LeMessurier and those around him.........what LeMessurier doesn't realize is that this the exact kind of thing that fuels public distrust in governments, institutions and corporations. how do we expect the public to trust the government, institutions and corporation if they all willingly and intentionally lie to the public and keep the public constantly in the dark? stop it with the whole 'we just want to protect the public' nonsense! no you don't, you just don't want the public to know about your mistakes and topple your regime.
they really demolished a gothic piece of art church and replaced it with a sliced potato
There should have been specific guidelines, that provided for fulfilling obligatory execution of the welded joints and then inspection of each joint per the original instructions. Sloppy, in fact, illegal protocols engaged, thus not adhered to in the execution of the project.
Animation of the sunrise on the building at 27min 🤌🤌🤌🔥
It was truly awesome that LeMessurier did the right thing. Humility and self-evaluation are the source of all leaning and improvement.  Hubris is ignorance purposely made stupid.
What they ruin the church original 😢
Ofc it's Manhattan and it's a skyscraper 🙄
The fact that they were allowed to destroy that church and then replace it with what looks like the entrance to a fancy metro is crazy.
it's a damn crime what they did with that wonderful church
Wow. What a great video!
They replaced a beautify gothic church with a hyper modern blob. It literally looks like a utilities warehouse for like ventilation or sewage. It's a church though?
he did not discover it, a female college student did.
Better to see this years down the line rather than something like Deepwater Horizon's story.
Demolishing that high gothic church was a crime against historical preservation and arcitectual beauty
I love how they kept calm and fixed it. The idea of thousands dying because of a calculation error and is then compounded by the corners cut by the firm you worked for, I get his desire for a quick out. What character to step up and say let's fix ot before anyone even knows to be scared. This is was a superhero looks like in the modern age.
I think Nova or 60 minutes did an amazing episode about this crisis too
It's still terrifying there was a point it could have fallen after they knew, and didn't say a word because they "didn't want to scare anyone"!
Bro I am a transmission line engineer and most of my work is around 3D truss structures like this case study. A few days back when I was rechecking my tower model before full scale testing, I got shocked to see my redundant members fail in analysis software. We designed those members manually because client asked for it and now they are failing in analysis. All the general assembly drawings were prepared and tower was under construction at our factory and testbed. I was terrified and couldn't sleep for 2 days. Then I told my spurious and we managed to strengthen a few members. Everybody was laughing once I said that I was so terrified. They said these things happen don't worry, you are a new guy and you will learn fast. 😅 Such a relief. Tomorrow is the full scale testing. 🤞
@13:00 Wasn't the student a female, not a man?  The way I understand the story, the student was the one who found the flaw, not the engineer.  There is no way that an engineer would not know his own buildings construction.  It wouldn't happen.  He knew they were bolted, not welded. LeMessurier is a villain... and absolute villain.
LeMessurier: - looked into the possibility of his fault - owned up to his mistake - saved lives Respect.
This building was in amazing spider man game also😬
So, thousands of people were needlessly endangered by greedy, cheapskate thinking.
van Dyck!! HOLLAAAND
I just watched a video on this recently how odd
Is this the same video as the one about the student that corrected the plans? It seems like more than a re-upload, but less than a new story?
Hey dude send me a link for this stark industry
This building is trippy to walk by. Just seems wrong that something so massive has such a thin base
Just think that Math is Racist today.
Isn’t this the location for the competing lab in the flash lol
2:00 Hugh Stabbins is standing here in front of today's House of World Cultures in Berlin. He was the architect. The construction did not hold.... The roof collapsed.
The student who saved this building was Diane Hartley 🙌
As a final year engineering student, the portion on calculating the number of bolts, with each error meaning more and more bolts required was straight up horrifying.
Wasn’t it a student who was studying the design raise the alarm?  Her analysis is what led others to look into it and realize she was right.
As a licensed professional (EC) I totally agree with the sentiment... If you know you messed up, and it could kill any amount of people, you need to fix it!  Glad these folks had multi-millions to fix their massive problem.
we need more such videos!
I saw the problem with this right out of the gate. The Cassandra Complex is a curse.  What did I do?  Must have been terrible in a previous life.
Bro why would they not just do the original designs or at least not run it through with LeMes before implementing them????
Bro dropped a short horror thriller movie.😂
The first people he called were lawyers, so i dont know if we can call him a hero
Can you do a video on WTC Building #7?
Has old and cool goth church Decides to build some awful brutalist church  Why? Not even religious, but why?
How engineering and companies tried to scam in Manhattan is most correct title af😂
The most dangerous buildings in NYC were the two that Larry Silverstein had blown up in order to have the US carry out the Clean Break Memo.
Instead of putting the supports in the center of the walls on each side, why not just rotate the building 45 degrees so the supports would be at the corners?
Will you do a video on the big keto diet cover up scandal going on? There was a study that they did.. its a whole big scandal
“I don’t think we need worry about strengthening that much, after all these aren’t luxury flats, and with a spot of good weather I think we’re onto a winner here….”
just yesterday i saw a reel about this and baaammmm vertasium makes a video about it
What a legend!
The mistake didn't lie in LeMessurier's work itself. It lies in a  _change to his plans_ without even communicating it to him. And yet he fixed that flaw in record time. He has all my respect.
Veritasium has been hitting it out of the park the last year these videos are mind-blowingly interesting
110km/h is about 68mph
There's an episode in the series numbers about this although it is more dramatic.
Surprised that there was no mention that some people find that LeMessurier, the citicorp CEO, and the mayor of NY was complicit in a coverup. The public deserved to know.
It's eye watering clear that when humanity tried to do something sloppy, in a harry, for cost efficiency, nothing good came of it. On the contrary when they put their ass down to think about it, marvelous things came to life. And still... we keep doing it wrong, and it's getting worse...
So when are we gonna start to use buildings to create/store energy ?
The disrespect to the amazing neo gothic church. It now looks nothing like it once was. Shame. And shame on this channel for saying it was old and crumbling. It was fine enough for it to be built in the 1800s and still be standing with no red tape surrounding it. And it quite literally was built better then a modern day building built on top of it was.  They dont make them like they used to.
Structural engineers suck. Regards, naval technology.
"This building looks really poorly designed, are you sure it's alright?"  "Yeah, it's totally fine. It may look stupid, but we were really clever about it."   x_x
One of the best youtube channels
Diane Hartley saved the day.
Couldn't you have removed office's for wind tunnels, or x brace the mid section, on the ceiling of some floors?
I believe the first uses of passive tuned mass dampers were in the CN Tower—earlier in the 70s—and the John Hancock building in Boston. The latter was installed about a year before that at the City Corp. building.
So hold on. The guy in charge gets to throw everyone under the bus for a choice to bolt the braces instead of welding them. After which he says he saved the day? Why does that stink?
why didnt they stick a bunch of triangles together
people always think that just because someone has a title, they cant make mistakes. i mean c'mon, most people would get upset if their doctor is googling stuff like symptoms, when in reality its impossible to know everything, and i would be fine with my doctor double checking, or making sure, for example. just because someone is called like a Lead Engineer or something, doesnt mean they dont make mistakes, they are just showing up for work every morning to pay for their food like everyone else lol
İ didn't get why LeMessurier took the blame for himself he sad weld them but they bolted it?
Didn't consider diagonal wind lol what a numpty.
This man apparently needs to book a flight whenever he needs to do math.
Finally Veritasium made something related to civil engineers 🥲 we getting the most made fun of because there's basically no innovation and they are right🥲
21:46 don't these skyscrapers always fall perfectly vertical to the ground?
as a structural engineer i always find it one of the most instructive stories, especially when LeMessurier says "you have a responsibility beyond yourself", a perfect phrase
This is NOT the most dangerous building in manhattan. It is The Vessel. Already taken many lives and has been closed due to the lure of architectural suicide
This story deserves a movie of its own
20:20 well, not a one in sixteen chance... It was a one in sixteen chance *if you assume the power was lost* so the dampers weren't working. So that substantially reduces the odds. Nonetheless, a disaster.
fascinating how similar your voices sound
the guy with the grey hair at 14:50 could be a doppleganger for Legal Mindset, a (obviously) legal/law based channel, I wonder if they're related.
They destroyed such a beautiful church for that... building? Worst. Decision. EVER!
So, entire crews of people were able to surrepticiously access a new york skyscraper's primary structure for months without even the residents' notice.  What an interesting factoid. 😅
Lameasure should have lameasured twice before cutting once
0:52 (continuing below)  What have we done to enhance this design??  Where do we go when we fear to resign?  What have we done but learned to kill faster?  Where have we gone but straight for disaster?  Dreamtime is fading wakeup and decide..!  This nightmare ends now!!
Just think: this disaster of a project, born of utter stupidity, is the work of our species' brightest minds!  Makes you rethink things...
What money buys.  Judges, inspectors, DA's, police, zoning boards, planning boards, .... really anyone.  Including your kids.....  Amoral
I've walked past this building a couple of times in NY, not knowing the engineering story.  Always thought it was a strange building, doesn't look right in terms of the base columns... well this video just confirmed that.  Cool stuff..
Thanks people-with-imaginary-friends-in-the-sky
This example clearly shows the difference between an engineer and a politician. Take responsibility for your own decisions!
I’m so glad you’re making a video on this! Such an interesting case of a failure in engineering and a good thing to keep in mind if you’re an engineer of any kind. I’ve seen another video covering the topic but nothing rivals the Veritasium delivery
Oh, 110 kph? That's like 1,000 mph, no worry. Speak English or gtfo, lol. You're on the American made internet, on an American website, speaking to mainly Americans. TF is a KiloMeter?? A meter measures electricity, typically... a Kilo is an amount of booger sugar... So it measures booger sugar? 110 booger sugar measurers thrown at the building in one hour would knock it over? Jokes aside, this was your best video since the Blue LED video. Good Job, great story telling and editing.
Civilization stands only because of men saying "i fucked up," without shame or hesitation.
Replacing a classic church building with a bunker 🙄
looks safe to me.
The fact skyscrapers exist at ALL will never not be astonishing to me. Every time I've been in one, either on the top floors....or even just on the street looking up, I get a queasy vertigo feeling. I understand the physics that explains why this is actually very safe and sound on a rational level. But on a gut level instinctual level it's terrifying lol. It just feels unimaginably precarious. Something THAT heavy, and tall, and narrow...made of billions of small individual elements, held together in various ways. There's something both beautiful _and_ absurd about the fact we make these things at all.
you need to make   video of wtc 7 that came down in free fall live on televsion      you alone can uncover the  cover up of 9;11 with all your  subs.   there are 3000 engineers and  archatechs that belive the same thing and now the fire departments are getting on board for  ae 9/11 it has to be brought to light
the new church looks absolutely horrible
Old crumbling Gothic church? Replaced with that? ...
Can withstand earthquake Magnitudes  of 6.8?  Is that all?   What a joke.  Only 5 million dollars.  Will I ever get near this building or any other?   Nope.
i always thought about adding pendulums in a racing car. after hearing a lot of modern building having it with spring for earthquake. very fascinating
So i got a question how come they never thought to hire more people to fix the problem in a matter of weeks more man power fewer problems
9:28 wow 😮
his name is Bill Le Measure?? as in Le Measure's calculations?? what is this
Worst tragedy in this video is saint peter’s church’s remake☹️ it was so beautiful and now it has to be highlighted for us to even know that anything special is there
Why is everyone so focused on the LeMeasure’s mistake? Sure, he messed up (by not realizing that he needed to check something that everyone thought wouldn’t mattet), but from the way you told the story, it sounds like even with his mistake, there wouldn’t have been a problem if they had built the building that he approved, rather than modifying the design and not checking with him on the changes.
Ok
Just like the rest of the history of science, math, and the other hard sciences, multiple men taking credit for and ignoring the brilliance of a woman who first uses critical thought to discover a problem or find a new idea.
The new church is such an eye sore. Old one blows it out of the water
@1:38 replace that old church are you insane look at that beauty better than the monstrosity that is there now Yuk. But what a Awesome Story tho
No need to terrorize people by letting them know?   This is appallingly unethical.  Yet they say most ethical.
9:07  Mathematicians: math Physicist: approximate math Engineer: more of a feeling
It's funny that this is perceived as a mistake on the part of William LeMessurier. His design was altered without his consultation and improper calculations were made for the new design element (bolts instead of welds). Assuming the story is true as it has been presented by the parties involved then this is in no way William LeMessurier's fault, he is just the one who identified the oversight.
Amazing episode! Love from Italy 🇮🇹
Very interesting video. Now if that was trump he would have found someone else to blame, never took responsibility and not felt bad one bit for anything. it’s such a deranged pathetic slimy thing to do yet he seems to see nothing wrong with behaving that way and establishing a culture of ethics where everyone who worships him is also fine with behaving that way, and it’s not ok. Ppl should expect more from their leaders, whether they’re just a normal boss at any average company or in charge of our country, responsibility, ethics and morals should be upheld to the highest standards. It’s just so sickening how his supporters deliberately make excuses for him constantly, as if he’s perfect and can do no wrong, and he acts like he can do no wrong as well. And his party seems to be no different, they’re all scared to death of speaking out against him because they’re automatically labeled a traitor, and that entire cult behavior is total bullsh*t. It’s wrong no matter how you look at it. You know what the difference between trump and Obama is? One key difference is Obama would still value your opinion if you disagree with him, and he wouldn’t have a temper tantrum about it either, and then attack you over it the rest of your life & try to humiliate you by making up lies about you. Ethics should be vastly important when considering who to vote for in an election, because the consequences can be staggering. Even Nixon knew when the jig was up after he was caught red-handed, but with todays GOP they simply have no moral compass, they never feel bad about anything, and they practically brag about cheating and dare you to hold them accountable for it only after getting what they want- like after they get elected for example, and you unfortunately can’t expect trust them with that anymore because they proved they were willing to cheat at those long ago.
The student calling LeMessurier to discuss about the chevrons was nothing short of a divine intervention
Destroying that beautiful church was a crime
How many times are you going to change the video title?
I hate that they murdered a beautiful old church to build this monstrosity.
Manhattan never learns
Okay,  One of the only im-video ad I watch!  It was just so creative 🎉❤
What a fascinating story.
I don't get why you are deifying LeMessurier as if what he did was the most heroic thing ever? It's almost like congratulating someone for not committing mass murder.   All he did was admit his mistake after putting thousands of lives in danger. That happened "only" after someone told him about that   I am surprised by the audacity to joke about the incident in a lecture that endangered so many lives. This guy should have been locked up for keeping such a thing secret for years.
What an idiot the one should be to swap welds for bolts and dont tell the engeneer
2:23 REDICULOUS!!!!
they replaced one of the few historical gothic churces the had in USA for a gray minecraft block
Should've repaired the old Gothic church, because that new church building looks like siht.
Ive heard this story differently. The story I've heard that a student on a field trip noticed the mistake. Thanks for letting me know what actually happened
Playing jenga with a building.  Yea let’s just start from the bottom…
How can the Gothic church not been to under protection??? How can you make that marvel away and out there the most ugly church ever
Why was this allowed???. Uhmm because... that the obviously reality of theory to practice( fails or success) to knowledge/ wisdom. Cause uhmmm. Engineering is a progressive art/ math... and EVERY new design for millennia... is a risk.  And cause you don't ask politians about math/ science... ( except for like.. during a pandemic  where everyone forgets the easy grade 9 math  of investment returns  or epidemiology  etc)... and instead of asking a grade 9 or 10 math teacher to explain the EASY math..  people asked politicians... DAMN.. Where was I?  Oh yeah..   " Why?.).. uhm cause fox puppies don't ask mom WHY the den is built that way.. CHICKS don't ask mom or dad bird WHY the nest was weaved that way. It's the biological imperative to push all limits.  My point is.. Pointless.   " why was this allowed?".. Leonardo DaVinci wants to punch you in the head.
How quickly a quarter saved can turn into a dollar wasted 😬
They replaced that beautiful church with that disgusting little dog box.
Good vid
values. yep, values.  Too bad the current regime values wealth more than people right now. Safety Third!
You are skipping over a key detail he was told this he did not discover it.
Engineer: Hey do this Engineer's firm: But what if we dont?
I couldn't imagine the gut wrenching feeling in his stomach when he realized the disaster just waiting to happen.
I just don't believe that the structural engineer wasn't consulted on the use of bolts Vs welds in THE MAJOR LOAD BEARING STRUCTURES OF THIS REVOLUTIONARY DESIGN. "You used bolts?!" BS he didn't know.
What a story ❤. Wish we were all taught these in school.  More kids would love Maths if they knew it saves lives!
Test
What a stupid design. _"Let's build a skyscraper, supported like a lollipop on a stick!"_  {:o:O:}
Sad state of affairs when people cannot admit to & own their mistakes.  Frankly I believe in the philosophy of having a second set or even a third (like a student's) eyes on something. It's usually the person without the ego & pressure with no agenda that catches it. As the obsession with being great often creates blind spots (relative to the task at hand)  Thank the gods, goodness or whatever higher force that he chose to be accountable and not A: take his own life and let it happen, or B: keep it quite, then try to point fingers or hide behind litigation. Good stuff LeMeasuir, may you rest in peace. However your firm should do better. 😊
why on earth the construction firm would go contrary to the plan to save money on an already money-saving design? Are they stupid?
Alan Reay CTV CHC 22 Feb 2011
Because in America at the moment you have complete idiots running things, you once used to be a nation that the rest of the world got its technology from, not today. RIP America.
they tore down that nice goth church to put in that box of a building?? i dislike America so much (i live here)
thsi is exactly the sort of thing that is routine procedure in india but in the USA it gets treated like an emergency and ends up saving people 😂😂😂
Crazy how everything can easily go wrong. A lot of miracles actually happening. A bit of unluck could destroy everything. Its like preventing 9/11
If you ever played transport tycoon you know these types of buildings existed everywhere after a while. lol  Nostalgia vibes for sure
Well, this is a classic case of mutiple conjectures perhaps setup and connected together, perhaps via vibes, or one that set off the rest but can’t be considered the originator. Likely the engineer tipped of Lemessurier after the firm or that employer have spoken to her questions, as well as a call later from Lee etc and the reason is bcit was serious enough to take seriously that’s what I think happnen’s
I can think of a few buildings that were more dangerous...
Diane Hartley the student that actually find this flaw was promised compensation but she never received it
I guess we could say, the LeMessurier of a man is how he reacts under pressure.
all that for such a bland boring looking building.
all because of church
So... what about earthquakes?  Or the combination of earthquakes and wind? Or what if someone destroyed one of the legs of the building?  It seems like a really stupid construction for a building.....
the old church at least looked like a church, why did they rebuild it
OK but...why did they cut out the OTHER THREE CORNERS?!?!?!?!?!?
Because Some people just don't know what they're doing; they're just really good at acting like they do.
Destruiram uma linda igreja gotica por concreto cinza opaco, meus parabéns!!
If only politicians and government bureaucrats held themselves to these ethical standards...
I love the sponsor block chrome extension
That church 😢
Diane Hartley reported this information to LeMesssurier, you should have started with that... he didn't figure it out on his own, which you alluded to. That is a VERY important fact that your ignored for 90% of your video. Seems a bit misogynistic.
And that’s why Atom Eve went back to school
Old news, saw a PBS documentary on this over twenty-five years ago.
"No one wanted a mass panic. Instead, they fitted string gauges on important structural members. The gauges monitored the skyscrapers every bend and twist from a coms centre, *8* *blocks* *away* " LOL...Yeah, I'm sure it was.
I remember seeing a few recent reels on the same. Now atleast two big youtube channels have made full length videos on this. Is citicorp sponsoring this?
9:29-9:38
Cool 🎉
hi
28:55 earlier in the video you referred to the student as “he?”
So why does he have to crash into a Maine turnpike, plenty of other places buddy
of course his name is "Lemessurer"
Them with a saily sponsor me using Saily right now 😂
I dunno, doing the bare minimum ethically is a bit of a stretch to almost have hero status. At every point it sounds like they were only interested in saving money
what a downgrade of a church lol
Has anyone done a fatigue analysis?  The Citicorp building design is not dissimilar to the design of ships.   When the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System loaded its first tanker in 1977.  Depending on specific designs, fatigue cracks started to appear within a few years.  Over time, more cracks appeared, some in critical areas.  In 1991, the USCG issued a requirement that tankers involved in the TAPS trade develop a critical areas inspection plan.  The plan required identification of critical areas, usually done using finite element analysis, annual inspections of the critical areas, development of approved repairs, and record keeping of cracks and repairs made.  Rules for the design and construction of tankers evolved from the cracks found in tankers in the TAPS trade.  As a side note, the TAPS trade is unique in that it is primarily from Valdez to the US West Coast (Long Beach, San Francisco Bay, and Puget Sound), large number of annual trips, and significant weather.  Steel subjected to cyclical loading, from say varying winds, can result in fatigue cracking.   High stress areas should be visually inspected.  If necessary, non-destructive testing should be included.
The chevron beams channel the stress of the building to a single point just as LeMessurier was forced to bear the emotional weight of his design.
Building couldn't withstand my loads.
I remember when Ted Ed did a video on this one
Structural engineers when F=ma isn’t 0. A comment made by a Mech E student who just finished intro to system dynamics. Pretty cool video, am I right?
La measure didn’t measure correctly. How poetic
I always thought they were doing all this to conserve the original gothic church! For the horrendous eyesore they replaced it with, they could've done something much more integrated and less complex
So, bolts instead of welds + weird wind angles = potential NYC Jenga champion? Got it. Suddenly feeling grateful for boring buildings
I hear this story all the time
Crumbling Gothic Church is way cooler than this garbage will ever be.
What an amazing video. Makes me think about the projects I did as a graduate student where I was only able to consider static loading (automotive engineering, Clemson). If someone was to create my part, I designed they could fail. That is a crazy responsibility to have.
" one was to replace this old crumbling gothic church with a brand new one...which you see in front of you" He had to clarify that we are looking at it because he knew that 90% of the people watching this will still be looking for the church after 5 seconds.. Horrible.
This video should be required viewing for Boeing engineers
I'd like to see this modeled at small scale by Grady.
ok got through the video. the intro was indeed misleading. it WAS a student that figured it out and not the engineer. weird that the engineer is getting credit for "figuring" it out. edit: this video is way too kind to LeMessurier. giving him more credit than he deserves, and kind of underplaying how fast and loose he was playing with peoples lives by deciding to do the refitting half assedly. he didn't need to inform people of the problem but what they should have done was have the work go on 24/7 instead of just at night. they're incredibly lucky the hurricane didn't come sooner and make landfall. yes it was good of him to admit his mistake and fix it. but he had the same kind of cavalier attitude that caused the mistake in the first place. it's his cavalier attitude too that wanted to do 4 stilts instead of just removing that 1 corner that started the whole problem.
Good thing winds don't blow in kilometers per hour in the US.
Scum. It's easy to say don't work into a panic when the people in the building are in danger and not you. Typical new York attitude.  At least if the building fell its just new york.
I’m being dead serious, this is very very concerning to see they welded them like they did. I’m a CWI and welding engineer.   They ABSOLUTELY should not have covered them within the same day. I can promise you those welds are cracked.   Dude this just made me very worried to watch this video.
HOW IRONIC  IT IS THAT HIS NAME IS LEMESSURIER. BTW, WHERE IS THE  CORD FROM THE PHONE RECIEVER TO THE PHONE BOX IN THE ANIMATIONS?
why didn't he explain why the beam on the 30th floor was the weakest??? Just circled a beam and did some tension calculations, doesn't actually explain anything
Yuck. Get that Kilometers crap outta here
Isnt it funny that the first guy is named Bill the Measurer and the other guy is named Lee the Careless? I thought so.
Please look up Diane Hartley, the woman who found out that the issue had occurred. This video doesn't even mention her name, and Diane was the one who realized there was an issue, not not anyone. They didn't even say her name. They just said "a student" and "he called", then even went as far to say it was LeMessurier who recalculated it. This video completely erases Diane's contribution, and this building would have fallen and collapsed if it wasn't for her inquisitive mind
You copied this video, from a guy who explain buildings on Instagram, i didn't expected this from you, although this is publicly available information but he uploaded and few days later you
A youtuber named Urbanist has made a short 2min video on this where he explained the whole story very well. People should check that out to understand this briefly. But this video explains it more thoroughly.
People who acknowledge their mistakes and repair them should be celebrated.  We've seen enough man-made disasters where the mistake was not found in time and too many where the mistake was known and ignored or covered up.
The key phrase being "They saved a lot of money."  Maybe, but this will be one of the first skyscrapers in Manhattan that gets dismantled, before it inevitably eventually topples over.
"everything is fine" "we used bolts" "That is Fine" Murphy's Law - "I'm about to Topple this Man's Whole Legacy" "THIS. IS. NOT. OKAY!"
Is this supposed to be a feel good story ? The guy hid his mistake from the public and clenched his ass looking at a hurricane when evacuation could have solved the problem in 2-3 weeks instead of the 6 it took to do it hiding. When so many people are at risk you don’t get to hide it either from your firm nor the people working in the freaking building. This is not a triumph over capitalism when the original mistake was done to save a few bucks and the risk of taking on the hurricane was taken to avoid affecting the bottom line. Honestly sucks ass. Good for him to rat on himself but that’s basic decency not a hero like action.
LaMessurier once built twice
What a hilarious story of how capitalism fails spectacularly when it is completely captured by short term profits. I guarantee you it cost the company way more to fix this oversight than they saved by choosing to not stick to the original vision. And of course total tragedy was completely avoided thanks to the passion and diligence of someone completely and totally unrelated to the profits that were generated. What a fantastic joke.
First building i saw when i entered Manhattan from the subway station. The stilts make it feel like it's nearly floating above you. Just a stunning welcome to New York.
Replacing that gothic church with that bs is a crime against humanity
You know what else "collapsed" killing thousands in the early 2000s👀
How is it the engineer's fault if the constructors switched to bolts instead of welds? Everyone talking about his responsibility, but his calculations were right and if welded it would've worked fine, so why blame him?
I cant believe this is taught as a good example. They kept it quiet and gambled with thousands of lives. “We didn’t want to create a panic” is how they justified their actions but it’s complete BS. They kept quiet even with a hurricane bearing down. They got lucky when it changed course. They had zero control over that situation. They rolled the dice with thousands of lives on the line and they just happened to get lucky. Theres no way they would have or could have evacuated everyone if that hurricane didn’t change course. Given the short notice it wouldn’t surprise me if many didn’t take it serious and refused to leave. It wasnt about not creating panic. They could have gone to the people and presented their case and made a plan to evacuate if and when there was a real risk so people would know what to do and have time to accept it. But no they kept it quiet to save face, gambled with peoples lives but got lucky and then patted themselves on the back and called it good ethics? Unbelievable..
engineers owning up to their mistakes, companies proactively listening to the problem and working relentlessly to solve the issue, while working with the city government to reduce causalities in case of catastrophe. it’s rare and inspiring to see this approach instead of cost cutting and denial
“Safety rules are written in blood”  LeMessurier’s work lead to the city updating building code that would keep the people safe.  Without anyone dying  Because he had ethics  That is pretty fxxking remarkable.  — There were so many other factors that came together to make this possible, the professor who pointed the problem, the student? who tipped him, ironically, the news blackout😂😂, the chairman actually approved the correction.  As you can see with LeMessurier’s associates refusing to elaborate about City Corp project, people, especially big names, usually don’t want to be associated with mistakes  But LeMessurier put in the work to meet with experts of different fields and run the calculations to proved his own mistake and came up with a solution that actually worked when, as LeMessurier said, he could have just offed himself.
Must've been the wind
I wonder where Veritasium headquarters is
The diagonal was the whole structural issue to begin with since the supports were not on the corners. How could they not consider a diagonal wind?!
WHAT AN INTELLIGENT STATEMENT FROM A TRUE DINGA LING. AT 14 :40 HE SAYS 1.4 BY ITSELF  IS NOT ENOUGH TO REEK HAVOK. MR INTELLIGENCE THEN SAYS IT MAY BE OR IT MAY NOT BE. WHEN BUILDING SKYSCRAPERS DO YOU  BUILD THEM BY SAYING WHAT IF IT IS ? OR WHAT IF IT ISN'T ?  HOW CRAZY IS THAT. I'M NO ENGINEER BUT I WOULD HAVE SAID THE CHURCH CAN JUST BE BUILT SOME PLACE ELSE.
I'd be willing to argue that the most dangerous building in Manhattan was that one did actually did come down.
One of the most riveting videos I have seen. Thank you for deciding to create it.
Старая церковь имела более привлекательный вид.
I spent considerable time in that building when I arrived in NYC in 1978 and even attended the church  ⛪️ once. Do you know how steep it is to walk to the subway station in that stop?
Until I watched this video I never thought that someone could work on the structural members of a building on a nightly basis without anyone knowing. I swore this wasn’t possible… suddenly the WTC and WTC 7 especially are looking a little… fishy? Someone tell me I’m crazy
as somebody said in the comment section of another recent vid youve been on a roll lately so many absolutely fascinating videos in a row
Good thing it doesn’t have a twin
“The most dangerous building in Manhattan” is sensationalizing a bit, ya think? Its problems are fixed. I think maybe you want to look at 1 Seaport or the Vessel for that claim to fame. Personally, I think a lot of the tenement apartment buildings may be more dangerous.
Maybe stop copying other recent videos. 🤦‍♂️
Is it Citi still in that building
youre talking about the US, manhattan... and you use kph..? admonished
I am a structural engineer facing a similar problem, the skyscraper I designed in a major city had a flaw just like this. Haven’t told anyone yet, still weighing my options. Got a few thousand tenants I don’t want to worry them.
Humanity would be better off if the majority of people admitted when they made a mistake and tried to correct it.
that new church is an INSULT. wtf is that thing? and how dare you describe that old church as "old and crumbling" ???? broooo lmao
isn't capitalism cool lmao
teh old church looked so much betterr
Do I have deja vu or have I seen this already?
Corporate and moral obligation never goes hand in hand, unless someone is making profit
Fair warning, I'm just under a minute into this video, but hear me out. Do you think they could have thought about wind _before_ making a building that looks like it could fall over?
The framing of this video and some people's takes in the comments are WILD. This man did not take responsibility for his actions, he covered his own ass. They kept it a secret for almost 2 decades! They changed the building codes only after the story came to light, they could have made the building codes safer so much sooner had they notified the public about the problem. If the reason they didn't notify the public was to not cause a panic, then why did they still keep it secret after the problem was solved?
There was a Ted-ed I saw of this that said there was a college student who found out about the problem before the experts so it sucks that your video doesn’t mention it.
Gotta give it to the Germans in these type of events. Over building something is just in their culture, make it last more than it should. This was a very interesting video!
It is also notable how structural engineering has advanced with computer modeling, which goes a long way to validate design margins, but also allows more design options in both physical form and materials that both push boundaries.  It's amazing to think how manual and incomplete the calculations were only a generation ago
Another great video.
Remember how people said that anyone working on the twin towers without the occupants knowing was crazy talk.  Lets discuss that again 😂
This story is a pretty common one but its nice to here about the entire thought process that went into the building
Was this is a re upload
Every engineer now has to learn about the Citicorp building
Isn't that pendulum the same thing the Japanese have used for centuries?
Contractors are the stupidest people and should not make engineering suggestions.
I don't really find this as inspiring as it is presented. So the flaw is discovered thanks to openness in the engineering community. Great! But the student was kept in the dark, the public was kept in the dark and the people whose lives were in danger were kept in the dark. Not even with a hurricane brewing or after the repairs were completed did anyone come forward to bring this lesson even to other engineers to prevent them from making the same mistake.  Openness found a problem, and it was hushed up for two decades is what I hear. And it still is today, with the firm denying comment. It's a damn shame the papers were on strike.
Can a people from Chicago would tell you, there is no Willis Tower, it is Sears Tower 🤣
moral of the story is include a wind tunnel test when you're using a new structure. Depending on where you're putting the building, maybe an earthquake test also.
Omg its the new Egypt pyramids SAR scan
Drrr I'll make a thing with three feet rather then a normal thing what could possibly go wrong!? Okay well, it has a big thick thing in the middle... but still!
This reminds me of the Hyatt Walkway Disaster in Kansas City in 1981. Where the actual physical construct differed from the original plans. At least here, it was caught in time.
engineering is incredible
Only if people were rational rather than religions, this problem wouldn't exist at all.
I am a Civil Engineer, we have study the same case in our degree but interestingly its not in any structural or other core engineering subjects, rather in ethics course. We have been told to find the all the sources related to building on internet & draw our conclusion regarding the ethical & professional aspects of the actions of LeMessurier, his team & other involve in the process. I think in the end whole of our class appreciated LeMessurier actions & also same study show us the importance of Civil Engineer actions in people life.
Why did he not just cut out the part needed for the church and let the remaining be as-is, why did he have to go with stilts in the first place?
why didn't they just build it somewhere else
Communism rots the body, but liberalism rots the soul.   Modern architecture is so despicable
I thought this was going to be about trump tower
imagine if he did suicide
If that building was in California, they would STILL be waiting on the permit to do the repairs.
Another nice example of how stupid religion related activities are !  That Church was not concerned about others at all !
Twin towers enter the lobby*
i love the look of those old churches, the new one looks so gross, dystopian, grey, bland, boring
:/:     :/:/:My Lord J.E.S.U.S Returns, repent of sin and OBEY the LAWS of my Father...   Y..A,,H.. is a d.amn egiipt DEMON, BEWARE ... (HalleluJAH is a PAGAN word)/:/:/:/:/
Honestly, this entire story is negligence after negligence, and the fact that nobody faced any repercussions is honestly shameful, don't see why we're treating anything he did as courageous, brave, or more than the bare minimum, and quite possibly put lives at risk, so he wouldn't jeopardize himself. Also, man, that new church is UGLY, it's a bland boring cube, how is that supposed to show glory to God?
Perfect analogy of the US financial system.
What an esthetics disaster
A few years ago, I fell into a deep rabbit hole about this case. I’m an architecture aficionado and I walk by this building every single day. In fact I go to the gym here at the basement level of the building and looking at it I thought to myself “wow this is such an interesting building. I wonder how it doesn’t topple over” and that’s how I originally found out about this amazing and crazy story about this particular building.
He didnt discover it, it got called out by a student of his. Wich was female and hence erased from the story.
Im so glad he didn’t drive into suicide ❤
27:37 Owning up to HIS mistake? The mistake was not having quartering winds in the building code. Oh, how Veritasium likes his little drama plays!
Ah, yes... He was the only person in the world to know of this fault (other than the two undergrad students who found the issue, themselves - including the one who tipped him off). 12:44
Are we supposed to think LeMessurier is some sort of hero ? When he was originally told his company had used bolts not welds are you seriously telling me (given the weld method was central to the design) that he didn't question how many bolts they had used in lieu of his original design ? It seems like only when people started asking questions about HIS design did he realise he couldn't bury his "ignorance" any longer. On top of that he and others hid the fact that they were deliberately risking peoples' lives. Should have been jail terms for everyone involved for that alone. And then he thinks it was lucky that there was a "press strike" so that his mistake was hidden further. I'm totally disgusted by this cover-up and his crowing about it.
0:48 it seems more like it was "stay quiet and lose your career as soon as they discover it" or "do something about it and suffer some consequences. but people may still trust you."
my gramps when building stairs in front of his grandson: what only 2 bolts? make it 6, no no make it 10! dad : welded it... after finish they jump around then it tilt 🤣😂  dad: we will never know son we never know gramps: nods nods yep we never know...
"replace this old crumbling gothic church" This in one sentence explains why America city lines are so ugly compared to Europe...
"Engineer discovered" --> Was told by a student. For a better video, go watch Practical Engineering.
This story was already over done 10 years ago why bother covering this if theres already 100 videos about it that are better than this
“Modern” buildings and remodels are so bad… that church was gorgeous.
it really isn't that dramatic
Wow they destroyed a Gothic beautiful  piece of architecture and turned it into a Bin?
I learned about this in the 90s and have shared it with many friends and family over the years. I believe even at that time details about the exact repair were sketchy. I had understood that the diagonal braces were added to the structure as part of the fix, however, it turns out they were always present. Thank-you for setting me straight!
Worst explanation
7:58 tmd never before used in a building? I thought the Taipei 101 building used one.
Hi
The guy in the first part kinda looks like Vsause 😂💀
The destroying of that beautiful church for whatever obscenity is now there is a tragedy
4:11 strong Titanic vibes
7:57 This is in Hong Kong, near Fortress Hill and Causeway Bay. Interestingly, there is also a *Citicorp Centre* at the upper-left edge of the picture, at 18 Whitfield Road.
my stomach was quite nervous listening to this video. Yikes!
But, was it really  LeMessurier's mistake?  Didn't a subordinate order the change from welds to bolts, without LeMessurier's permission-- yea, even without his knowledge?
I think it's so funny when people conflate engineering calculations with reality. For example, "A wind of just 68 mph will cause the building to collapse." Obviously, these calculations are invaluable, but they are just that...calculations. This is a HUGE YouTube "science" trend. They don't understand the difference between theoretical concepts and the real world. I guess I find it so funny because all this is supposed to be done by immensely "smart" people, yet they make such simplifications & oversights. It would be so easy to say, "According to estimates, a 68 mph wind could bring down the building." But, I guess, then they wouldn't sound so superior!
Great now the Saudis know
between professional and ethical
The bigger mistake was building that ugly church instead of keeping the Gothic look
thanks
Thru this video i can see being an architect as a incredibly creative person, with incredibly simple thoughts, translating the intuitive into math
The only architectural mistake here was ripping down the "old crumbling gothic church" for a soulless HVAC inspired post modern concrete supermax church.  🤮
Amazing video!! But what happened to the Minecraft church? Why does it look  like a cornerstone? 😮😊❤
Even minecraft players arent dumb enough to build a skyscraper like that
I work in telecom.  The fact that the lines were installed the next day is mind blowing.  We couldn't even get permits pulled that quickly (i'm sure thing were different in NY metro 50 years ago)
When they started the repairs, they said that the repairs couldn't be finished by hurricane season. Given that the needed repairs are on different floors, and different sides of the building, why couldn't they have quadrupled (or whatever it would have taken) to accomplish the repairs in time?  Couldn't the needed work have proceeded in parallel?
Props to him for actually trying to fix the issue he created
So the repairs made the building able to withstand a 1 in 1000 storm, but even that seems a bit risky, no? Don't engineers usually over-engineer things by multiple times the expected maximum load? Like if you think the building might have to withstand winds of up to 200mph you might design it to withstand 400-500mph? 1 in 1000 seems like too high a chance, especially with climate change affecting the intensity of storms. I'm sure the engineers know what they're doing, but that 1-in-1000 figure still sounds too risky to my layman's ears.
1:38 I know I'm being pedantic but it's neo-gothic. USA is not that old my guy ;)
2:30 Imagine you were being sarcastic but no one refisters it
My MEP firm gets an annual lecture from our firm's professional liability insurance company; they cover this case about once every 4 years; it's always the highlight of the lecture.
Asssshole accepting human humus ads and have me listening to gd sacrilege for 8 effing minutes. I wish I could find your punk arse!
1:34 man the new church is ugly as hell bro
first Practical Engineering, and now Veritasium. amazing
@veritasium Great video (as always)!  on an irrelevant note, what brand is the brown jacket that Henry is wearing around 1:07-:09? Do you happen to have a link? Thanks in advance.
This feels like a partial slap in the face after an under construction government building in Thailand collapse during 3 Magnitude Earthquake...
So... the original plans... were designed around ALL WELDS... but the construction company... changed some of them to bolt connections...
Thank you for being the #1 popular science channel (at least in my books)!
He acted like he  didnt think it was possible. What a complete idiot and very arrogant to think he was the only one who saw that flaw 😂
what? old crumbling gothic church!? man she was gorgeous
@3:50 bro was inspired by a pine tree 🌲
"get rid of this old gothic church" made me sick
Ugliest church ever? What a shame
Ty
"Old crumbling gothic church" replaced by an awful one and an awful building.
Doctor's doing 1 mistake: 1 life at risk Engineer's doing 1 mistake: 10000+ life at risk💀💀
amazing to hear the engineer even thought about taking his own life but decided to save people's lives instead.
New York is the main character of cities irl, what a plot armor!
1:38 boy if there’s one thing that I love about Europe is that they would never let such a marvellous church with so many ornaments and architectural features to collapse. I’m pretty sure they would protest and build a human chain that would last for years. Even if somehow they managed to demolish it, they would make everyone involved in such a project to feel bad and keep the memory of the church alive
How strange that a bunch of bank managers wanted to tear down that beautiful church
Question: Why couldn’t citi corp hire 1000 welders and do the repair in a week? They had the money.
But he wanted it to be welded in the first place? How was it his mistake that he fixed according to anyone?
Most of the videos I saw in the YouTube there is always a one AI commenting they got cancer.
55 seconds in, and I'm truly impressed by the engineers' honesty and care. Thank goodness he didn't keep silent
That mistake was astounding. But do you know that this pales in comparison to the fake wall Tesla video? Lidar bribed this channel and it's still not too late to come clean and say that the "test" was botched. We are all waiting.
this is why I barely passed my statics class
Tuned Mass Dampers are crazy... I worked with one at Disney on an experimental project, and watching it stop the vibration was unbelievable - it didn't look real.
Clearly there needs to be more people like Bill LeMessurier in the world. I honestly don’t know if I can think of a single public person today who could make a mistake and then own up to it.
Well, the first problem was the design that made the skyscraper look like it's stepping on the church.
So every night ppl came in took apart the walls to get to the frames and no one knew about it. 9/11/2001 Some people said that would be impossible to do to a large building like that. Others said it would be possible.  I am just saying what they said and comparing it to what you said.
Great to see this story covered so well. In my first year Engineering Ethics course, LeMessurier's actions was held up as the gold standard for professional ethics and accountability decades later.
Fascinating. Thank you
Could've just rotate a tipical structure with columns at the corners to 45 degrees. Thus created the same space for the church.
Federal bureau of control
You guys have to check reviews before accepting a product for sponsorship as it may hinder your credibility.
His LeMeasurement is wrong
My teacher taught us about this building in class 😮😮
most dangerous building in Verdansk
Bill should have le measured twice
Jesus Christ, unskippable ads literally every 2 minutes?  Screw this.  Back to Adblock for me.
Wow AI generated animations, that's really dissapointing coming from one of my favourite channels.
Now if I ever see big construction repair project happening with some calming name like Rejuvenate, I’m going to know that there’s something they’re not telling us
Now do WORLD TRADE CENTER 1, 2, AND 7
What a douche engineer. Endangered the public to save a few bucks.
....there is only one correct choice
why is everyone milking this story now
Why even mention the women if she wasn't the student...anything to give a women the credit for diversity.
Diane Hartley, an undergraduate architecture student at Princeton University discovered this. Why wasn't she mentioned in the intro? Seriously?
8:28 I see you have finally learned how to pronounce "pendulum"! Great for you!
1:50 They downgraded the church massively. 😢
We forgetting the real problem. Greed. Why can't you just leave the little old church property alone
the greatest crime commited here was replacing that beautiful gothic church. nothing and i mean nothing is sadder and less inspired (despite how marvelously engineered it is) than modern buildings. in fact i will go as fat as to say that engineers make terrible designers (artistically)
Crazy how if it wasn't for the student, Manhattan wouldn't be as we know it today
Lol this entire story is like my average work day
already watched a better produced and edited video on a smaller channel, years ago. just watched it again, actually! also i'm unsubbing from Veritasium. There are increasing amounts of recycled topics and info coming from this channel that adds nothing from what others have provided months and even years ago. While recycling is cool, duplicating others work just feels like inflation, y'know?   Enjoy the decline of your life's work.
Heroes & Villans. Some may say he was a villan because of his omissions/negligence. And also a hero because he admitted his 'mistake'. But I think the villan was/were the destruction/replacement of that gorgeous church ⛪️  😢
This isn't even an interest of mine, and it feels like the best Veritasium video I've seen.
that new church does not look welcoming
Thank you for this. I took architecture and mechanical drawing in high school and was a draftsman thereafter, for years, but not a structural engineer. Moving on from there I became increasingly interested in aerospace and aviation simulation—but went into ESL teaching in Asia; my point is, being a person of the arts—and science as a hobby, I never thought that architecture would provide the adventure and excitement that this story does — and so I passed it on to many people as something crucial for their understanding about what to appreciate about structural engineers. I’m from New York City, and worked at Rockefeller Center for years, passing this building many times, never thinking that it may have fallen on me!
Thanks!. Sounds like a familiar video game.  I think that they should have talked to you.
I feel like this video has been deleted and reposted so many times
Don't Engineers get a ring when they graduate that is a symbol of the oath they took? It was something along those lines, please do correct me if I am wrong.
This thing was patched up decades ago, so kinda wild to see if being called "the most dangerous building" in 2025.
"Lets replace this gothic marvel of art and engineering with a concrete block!"  I hate modern architecture so much...
Some day with gusty winds this building is going to fall, the pendulum is going to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
WTH 🤦🏾‍♂️ they destroyed the old world church ⛪️ for this shxt box!!!!  Come on, we gotta do better.
If they used Lego bricks, Citibank wouldn’t have had this problem
You have a responsibility to be responsible
Didn’t a student discover that the building wasn’t safe in high winds and went to the structural engineer?
Just saw you in Tom Brady’s video!
I'm curious how they funded the repairs
It wasn’t in the nature of everybody?! Really? Are we still that fragile while going to Mars…
TICKING TIME BOMB, The Most Dangerous Building in Manhattan... 47 years ago. But, now that you clicked... don't forget to check the sponsor in the "video" description,  and in the sticky comment just encase you missed it.
The biggest mistake in this whole saga was the destruction of that gothic church, what a horrible replacement
These days, the big ethics issue occurs in major financial or retail organizations that get COMPUTER HACKED and then try to keep the public "in-the-dark" as to the "hack" ever having happened.
Could have just cut out the 1 corner  Lol😂
Wow, this is an awesome story.. and great result. Own your mistakes .. then make the correction.. You are a hero sir.. and as an electrical engineer, I applaud you.
It is very presumptious of the architect (and President of Citicorp) to spare the people in the building from the truth WHILE trying to fix his mistake. If I worked in that building that had a 1 in 16 (or a greater than average) chance of it collapsing, then I have the right to know. He should be criminally prosecuted for hiding the truth UNTIL the fix was made. Shame, and some people are praising this guy.
Ah, yes, the 'crumbling gothic cathedral', why preserve that when you could build a Brutalist monstrosity instead.
anyone else notice the thumbnails always change after a few hours?
THE  JOKING ABOUTE IT that disgusting.
03:00 the chair analogy is possibly one of the worst to use here. We have stools. Stools don't tend to have the legs at the corners. But, I get that he was saying still, all force from one side of the building, is now leaning on one leg instead of two. (not how a stool works, its primary concern is downward force) There's then the added problem of the height of the building, when you make something taller and put tension on the top of it, that force goes up exponentially. The single easiest way to demonstrate this, is to grab the remote for your TV mid way, then push from the top. Now try when grabbing it from the bottom. You will feel a difference on the hand holding it steady. Now imagine the remote is the size of the skyscraper. Edit: Also to touch base on the bolts. Think of how easily a nail can be bent with a hammer. Now, realise that this is actually a good thing as the nail doesn't snap. It's a similar enough concept to the bolts. They don't have good shear strength, but they are solid. So the moment they start to bend... Well, very bad things happen. Again, remember that this is many times taller than anything you'd tend to be building, so the forces at play scale astronomically. So no... A screw definitely won't do the same job.
How many great minds have simply raised children?
That student was supposed to receive an internship. After she revealed the problem she was personna non grata. She didn’t get her internship and was ignored by the firm. As far as I can see every step of this process was unethical.
The building is on 53rd St & 3rd Ave, the site of the famous Ramones song about male prostitution
no one will convince me the church building was not an architectural downgrade.
This animation is so annoying.
A truly outstanding presentation. Well done Veritasiam team. 10/10
If there is something worse than dying then this is it.
It's disgusting that they tore down that beautiful Gothic church to build this monstrosity!  Typical human behavior!
I’ve seen that building from the ground level; it’s scary to see all that open space below such a massive structure. It looks wrong; looks like it could collapse any minute.
now i am thinking, how in india anyone builds dams and bridge which falls under a year and no one give the f*ck about architects and engineers.
I worked in that building before and during that retrofit. I had no idea what danger I was in at that time.  Edit: Oh, I worked there OVERNIGHT as a computer operator when I was an electrical engineering student.  I saw the work going on at night and realized it was some kind of structural enhancement, but it never occurred to me that it was an emergency, because I thought surely they would shut the building down in such a case.  Edit 2:  There was another problem with the slanted roof in winter when slabs of snow fell and they had to shut down the street on that side.  I forgot how they resolved that.
Crazy that a student helped out with safety for this building
The market is craving new energy, and Flixy5 could be the spark everyone’s looking for.
If you’re not watching Flixy5, you’re behind.
Real heads are quietly buying FLIXY5.
There’s a sense of real grassroots growth around Flixy5 — this is what early adoption looks like.
Flixy5 FLX is starting to make real noise! Get in before it's mainstream. 💎🚨
With Flixy5 Network gaining more eyes daily, we might just be seeing the beginning of something massive.
Why not just put it on 4 stilettos 😂
Flixy5 FLX presale could be a launchpad moment. 🚀⛓️
Don't they use pendulums in the Taipei 101?
The TMD are also used in skyscrapers that are near earthquake prone areas. Taipei 101 also used this system.
Late
This is actually a great segment. Thank you
wind doesn't blow in kilometers in the U.S.  For some reason its only miles here, as it should be. French people are ok, i guess, but their measuring system is wak.  Especially trying to measure a person.  I can't even imagine how you dudes measure your johnson.
That new church is ugly as sin.
I thought this was a very old video
Professional Engineers struggle with what I call the Good Referee Syndrome, if you do a good job, nobody notices you, but if you make a mistake…… This is why engineers don’t like risk. Project goes well, reward is a nice certificate in a fake wooden frame; project goes wrong, death of thousands, millions in damages and end of career! 🤨🤔
It's funny how I've seen several videos about this pop up in my feed recently... wondering if YouTube recognizes that I live 3 blocks away and wants to remind me "Hey that fountain you go to every other day might kill you."
As a structural field welder I would’ve wanted to have those beams bolted aswell 😂
I saw this building while walking to Lexington Avenue station and thought "That thing is gonna fall down." now I understand why it hasn't.
minecraft mob grinder 👀
I don't understand how he had a crisis of conscience about what to do - he found there was a problem, many people's lives were jeopardized by the danger, how could you even THINK  "Hmm, maybe I'll do nothing..." You make a problem that jeopardizes people's lives, you do EVERYTHING you can to make it right - there's zero room for a crisis of conscience there.
Greed. That's is how it happened.
Why suddenly YouTubers are talking about this building? 😂
Happy ending? I didn’t finish the video, too many ads.
✌️
Why don't they desigh the brace upside down V, so the brace bare puuling force.
Diane Hartley, a student at the time, discovered the issue. LeMessurier didn't give her the credit.   There's a 99% Invisible episode about this.
As a mechanical engineer with experience in failures on project design that were identified in testing, I can say these feelings can be extremely overwhelming. Better to fail in the test than in use, with all kinds of possible horrendous consequences. This can happen by pure negligence, but I experienced too much internal and external pressure, too little support from my team/company, and I didn't stand my ground enough. I fixed it, and the second time it went absolutley perfect. In the end, it just cost more and took longer. But at least nothing got damaged, and most important, nobody got hurt.  And some other cases, like I'm dealing with right now, is to stop other peoples mistakes that aren't even my responsibility. But I checked, and they were on track to fail. I've been helping them to fix it, but their effort into their own responsability is lower than mine. And it's frustrating and enfuriating, and at the moment I feel kinda powerless.
Is just me that is thinking this was handled badly?Probably Citycorps decision, but the building should have been closed even under false pretenses and been worked on 24/7, not fix it slowly during the night.
LOVE this story. Drama, culture,, humanity, reputation, responsibility, engineering, calculations, and catastrophe averted by the morals of a quiet hero.
One of the most critical things we can learn from this is the importance of not attacking people who admit to mistakes. Mistakes will happen, and it's absolutely crucial to safety culture that people feel they can come forward and the problem will be rectified without negative repercussions to their life and livelihood.
I think I’ve seen 4 different rankings on how tall the building was when completed. Not one of them agrees if it was the 10th, the 7th, the 8th… 🤷🏻‍♀️
"Church to have its own identity ". And uou make it a dystopian Box that passes as a  Modern Toilet😂😂. What a joke. They should have kept it as is, or reconstructed it exactly as is.
Wait, so your telling me that people snuck into a sky scraper and secretly messed with its structural integrity? And the workers didnt know? Could they have planted explosives in Building 7? Or the North/ South Towers?
I have watched many of your productions, but this was the best. No one knows what it takes to keep running, and keep running safely.
14:00 is it quartering wind or cornering wind??
19:02 Wind speeds expressed in Kelvin-meters per hour, that's new to me.
Oh look. Not new
So basically the engineer was incompetent.
For an example of the same kind of oversight being handled exactly the wrong way, look into the history of the Quebec bridge
LeMessurier is a great engineer. Being able to face you made a mistake instead of just hoping things will ok is a great skill that a surprising number of people lack. It reminds me of the Mark 14 Torpedo in WWII. Many men died because the guy who was in charge of designing it refused to acknowledge something was deeply wrong with it. (Drachinifel made a great video on it)
tuned mass dampers are taken from 100s of years old japanese pagodas though right?
This my favorite video… ethics… very interesting subject that needs more attention today.  Bravo for him for doing what is right and his legacy still remains today.  I sent this to my son and he had studied this case already and I found it amazing.
How is 100%, near certain? How much more do you need 😂
Why so many ads??
Awesome video. We all make mistakes, what really counts is what you do after the mistake is discovered. This is really a success story.
It wasnt even his mistake...some dofus decided not to weld
Keeping this issue away from public is just pure greed. Like yeah you lose everything, but now you are risking the lives of others just so you don't go bankrupt. Basically putting money before safety.
That’s civil engineering for you, (structural civil). This isn’t even scary. Look up at mass timber tallest buildings. Now that’s scary
In 1978, you wouldn't find km/h anything in Manhattan. Winds were required by law to keep to US customary units.
Check the BNDES building (Edf Juvenal Osório Gomes) in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It's supported only by a central column.
10:50 I beg your pardon!?!?! Nobody from Chicago calls it the Willis Tower. It will forever be the Sears Tower.
So basically they let people work inside a building on the verge of collapse without telling them, in order to «avoid them being terrorized» and we are supposed to think that it was not completly both coward and insane ?
I'm not religious but that old church was beautiful architecture. My father was a top Architect for DFW airport until he passed of cancer in 2007. Anyways point is he instilled a respect for classical architecture in me as i grew up. But even if he hadn't I think its glaringly obvious that church went from beautiful to looking like a lifeless inner city DMV. Smh, what a rediculous decision.
Imagine coming back to work one morning and it smells like new wall
I got goosebumps watching this  Ppl are so crazy intelligent 😵
İ just realized how much we trust structurel engineers and those how construct there plans   A couple weeks ago i was in a skyscraper and a very strong wind storm hit the city i didn't think twice about the building falling because it says it can withstand 350km/h wind  Even though 1 miscalculation or 1 construction team tiered and greedy could easily cause the building to fall
It’s always about big money and big, swinging dicks.
is that name means the measurer??? is there any recent star civil engineering that can outshines star architect like him?
No, it is not a Communist China's tofu dreg building.
im confused how is it the engineers fault if the contractors are the ones who made a very big mistake changine to bolts
The saddest part of this video is that the old beautiful church was destroyed and replaced with that ugly looking tomb
2,800 tons of structural steel only cost 4 million dollars? That is insane I would have never guessed!
I can't believe they redid that beautiful looking church
The old church looked so much better :(
Thankfully they managed to save NYC skylines for the century. If not, then it would be twice in a row 💀
Tuned Mass Damper is for EXCEPTIONAL Wind Force Circumstances, Not for daily dampening. This building should not have been built there, due to geometric restrictions imposed by the physics itself, historical wind data,and the church associated people who will not relocate nor are they willing to physically integrate their church to the side of the building, church people could have considered the engineering safety aspect and given the engineers some geometric safety leeway, to build it safe,so that it will not fall on them, at least, but nope, they didn't. Thats the main issue. That thinking that they are some philosophically privileged people (NEEDS TO CHANGE) and that type of thinking which added to the engineering restrictions to engineer around their highly closed mindset. Engineers could have built support supports structures above the church and leased the space from the church, with V bracing there to transfer the gravity loads around the church, and outside its structure, and kept the other 3 notched sides of the building as the NOT NOTCHED and that ciuld have worked and a TMD thats working even without power especially.
RELIJIN SSSSSSSSSSSUX.
I'm not a "9/11 was an inside job" kind of guy, but hear me out. 🤔 The Citicorp building situation made them consider a 10 block radius evacuation from the risk of a 915 feet high building suddenly collapsing onto other buildings making a chain reaction of pure catastrophe. This makes me believe that the twin towers (which were 453 feet HIGHER than the Citicorp) were professionally demolished quickly amid the caos of the 9/11 attack because of the risk of the two buildings toppling into other buildings, making a chain reaction of buildings collapsing onto other buildings. There was clearly already terrible caos and panic from the attack, and most likely the government didn't want to add to that panic by telling the citizens that they needed to demo the buildings as fast as posible and, in the process unfortunately sacrificing the lives of everyone still trapped in those buildings. All in the purpose of preventing more deaths. Can someone tell me that this doesn't make sense, from a logical and morally point of view? Like, if there's people that have the responsibility and obligation of protecting lives, wouldn't they do it if it meant protecting more lives that were at risk? food for thought.
What a good teacher tho..
If this all happened in 2025…. The press would be the least of their worries.  They could have greased the palm of the press and had them cheer for them.  Somehow blaming their competition for their screw up 😂
Versatium does not tell us, but wasn't it a young woman who discovered the dangerous fault in the buiding's construction?
I can hear Derek's voice, but I cannot see him. WHAT HAVE YOU DONE WITH DEREK?
Interesting, Samson in the Bible used bad engineering to kill thousands.
Interesting timing for this video👀, almost as if a super similar one on the exact same subject was recently released by a certain high profile engineering channel…I love your content but like…huh?
Sell it to Larry Silverstein. His Buildings fall straight into their basements.  After being well insured. 😮
You also have to hand it to Citicorp. They didn't waste time getting things fixed. We throw a lot of shade at big companies and lots of it is deserved. But we should give them credit when they deserve it as well. Just imagine if this had been Evergrande or some other horrible company.
19:03 "km" not "Km". Uppercase "K" is for Kelvin...
I first heard about the implementation of Tuned Mass Dampers, to reduce the degree to which a tall building would "sway", when I happened to read a Differential Equations textbook that devoted an entire chapter to the troubles of The John Hancock Tower in Boston MA. William LeMessurier, it turns out, got involved with the troubles that the JHT was experiencing, long before the construction phase was even finished, so as to be responsible for the installation of a Tuned Mass Damper, on the tower. The Differential Equations textbook, that I happened to read, concerned itself with the precise calculation of the rate at which the Tuned Mass Damper would "rob" energy from the unwanted "sway" of the tower.
If you relatively EASILY allow these "architect geniuses" to do their endless "genius" architectural BS, eventually someone is going to come up with a "brilliant" building structure idea that would go on to injure and/or kill a lot of people... with a series of "city planning" panels and "experts," for whatever reason(s)... all officially approving (after "endless sessions" of meetings) the building of such a deadly structure. That is a given.
The wildest part is that anyone would be surprised there was a problem with this building to begin with.
Wow I really liked this story. I'd like to imagine a world where people can live up to their mistakes without censor and work on fixing/making them better
Can you imagine if anything had happened how hated this guy would be for having kept it a secret and allowed a tragedy to unfold. But instead because he got lucky, people praise him.
If it topples, god forbid the CIA says it was a Palestinian.
As great as this story is, how was it acceptable to jeopardize the people working at or around the building when the repairs were being carried out silently?
Great video! Thank you for putting it together for us.
"How was this allowed?" $$$$$$$$$$$$
We all know buildings don't topple and fall over like dominoes,  they crumble straight down like a controlled demolition.
8:58 What does "the mass must be AT LEAST 1 to 5 percent" really mean? At least 1%? At least 5%? It can't be both
As a welder I cringed when I heard that they bolted beams instead of welding them pretty much didn’t need anymore explanation on why the building was not as stable as first expected.
Anyone know if the animations in the video are AI generated? They seem to improve the quality of the video, and the video is certainly not anything resembling AI slop - just curious as an annoying IT guy who's curious to get his finger on the pulse of how that sort of stuff is being used.
In a time when people would without much thought do what is best for the people sure…. But in a time such as we see it now. The dollar amount would take priority over the risk. Pass the bill onto the next owners. Lie to the people if it falls down, and never admit to having made a mistake. This isn’t an achievement… it’s a warning to their future and our present.
@veritasium I'd like to request a video on Ai and jobs. Like a realistic one. As an educator it's one's duty to share the truth. And I think it's high time that the uncertainty of how Ai is going to replace us, or what type of jobs will it create, when it will  create should be addressed by someone who is trustworthy as well as technically proficient. Education always seems to be lagging behind what is actually needed in the real world. Derek, I would really like to request this!
Quartering wind simply exerts force on a larger projection area, larger by sqrt(2).  Wow, I would not have thought of that...
It was dangerous until it was modified, under the cover of darkness. Fortunately, it stood strong the whole time before it was fixed, and nobody in the building was any wiser to the danger lurking.
Now, gonna watch video like DamiLee  🔥
Now I know how they planted demolition bombs on the Twin Towers to create a controlled demolition
The engineering student you refer to as "he" was a woman, Diane Hartley
5:40 I'm too high for ts
I just trying to figure out how you install almost 1 million lbs 50 stories up lol
Make in America with current cost cutting skills only is going to be interesting! Church + Banks showed a demo earlier.
I'm glad he didn't panic because it wasn't him that was going to die😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 a true American
I mean, he did something that is expected and demanded from him based on the trust placed in him(his profession) by the public. The circumstances make for an interesting analysis of how something like this happened and how it could have played out in a much more horrific way, but I find it hard to treat this like some extraordinary demonstration of moral action when it's a baseline expectation. Also, the cloak and dagger style resolution leaves a bad aftertaste somehow. I can't help but feel like they were less concerned about mass panic than the potential backlash from the public and the litigous fallout it would have created for all the people involved.
He is a hero because he did what was expected and didnt essentially take the criminal path? How low is our bar for heros these days? Im probably a hero then because I dont do crime?
That little video of the ball at the top of the Taipei 101 does not do it justice.    It is insanely huge, and you can walk all around it on several floors.   . When I was there, you could see it move, at one point it jumped to the side what seemed like a few feet, but in reality was probably only a couple of inches.   It was just weird seeing something that huge move at all.   . The elevator getting up there was fun too..  15 years ago it was the fastest elevator in the world.  There was an elevator attendant, and once the door closed, it got darker, and the ceiling lit up like you were in a planetarium..   And then you blasted off and like 30 or 40 seconds later you were a 1000+ feet up in the air..  It came down a lot slower.
1:38 And they wonder why Europe is 1000x prettier than anything the US has to offer 😂 If this was europe, that church would have been protected and restored.
They replaced that beautiful church with that shoe box?
idc abt the building, what i'm peeved abt is how they chose to demolish that beautiful gothic church and turn it into a basic shape instead of restoring it 💔
Nice, I love these proper full-length episodes of education :)
really hope presidents can be as responsible as engineers
Nyc and corruption? Say it ain't so.. LMFAO
And the moral of the story is that trying to build civilization around the bronze age myths of an illiterate desert people puts everyone at risk.
Interesting snippet from Wikipedia: Ultimately, the retrofitting may not have been necessary. A NIST reassessment using modern technology later determined that the quartering wind loads were not the threat that LeMessurier and Hartley had thought.
Business Man : I need this building beside the church, and I don't care what it takes. Developer : Uhh, I guess we had to re-design the building this way. Oops, luckily the intern found out about the flaw. We are just in time to fix the flaw (without any sus), and most importantly we don't need to pay the intern, YIPPEE.
Haha, this was a bit funny buddy was paranoid and started looking up historical hurricane patterns 😅
And how does this one connect with the principle of least action?
The sad thing is if I was an architect I would've loved to employ Bill LaMessurier after he admitted the problem and tried to fix it.  I want an engineering company that is willing to do anything for safety, even risk damaging their own reputation.  But the LaMessurier company not even wanting to talk about it makes me think they aren't exactly keeping up with his legacy any more and would rather bury the past than learn from it.
LeMessurier essentially blocked the one remaining hole in the Swiss cheese model - which is always an impressive feat when dealing with (near) disasters.   Some will argue he’s the one who created the holes in the first place, but I disagree. There were variables missed by a number of leading engineers and architects in this case, and the design itself was very much unconventional.   Besides, if you consider that he had initially spec’d welded joints, we may have uncovered the fact that their load calculations were WILDLY off, but it wouldn’t have mattered. Perhaps they just add the emergency generators for the TMD. It probably would have been more public, and purely a learning/teaching moment for engineers and architects around the world regarding quartering winds, diagonal loads, and unusually-braced structures.   One thing not really mentioned here was the lack of CAD, computer structural load testing, environmental / computational fluid dynamics and such models, etc. That just wasn’t a thing yet in the industry in the ‘70s.  Even if it was built today, I’d consider that to be a brilliant and impressive design. Half a century ago it must have been absolutely cutting-edge for those working around/inside it.
The student name was Diane Hartley
The maintenance of those base pillars is money laundering.
why was the title changed from "how a student's question saved this skyscraper" to "The Most Dangerous Building in Manhattan"
Excellent video, very interesting.
I recall the New Yorker article as saying he had an epiphany that the building would fall down while sailing on vacation. This is a different  version. The wind tunnel was the same.
I owuld think the thing to do would be to shift the church thing a few meters. This was another god ordained disaster in the making.
I feel like this story deserves a movie of it's own
Its scary how, had this fallen, it would've caused a domino effect, causing buildings and skyscrapers to fall, one by one, all the way to Central Park...
THEY COULD HAVE, MADE THE CURCH BIGGER, AND JUST PUT THE ENTRANCE SOMEWHERE ELSE INSTED OF ALL THIS TO GET HE SUPORT IN THE CORNERS 😭
Wasn't an engineering student who discovered the flow of that building?🤔
Literally, cutting corners 😅
This church is hideous. This is an insult to religion, churches should at the very least be distinct from standard buildings, this one didn't even get that.
Typical Christian nonsense.
Sorry but the new church is ugly. It looks like Elon musk came up with it
I thought hurricane season was over
Tuned mass sounds great, but if it needs electricity to run I would think twice.
As usual, greed ruins everything
I am of the other side of this problem - one of the firefighters and civil defence - we are preparing volunteers and specialist to learn about evacuations and every construction have proper evacuation plan.
I swear I just saw a similar video onthis same exact building but from another channel less than a month ago. Veritasium recently seems to be doing this thing a lot. Anybody else notice?
Why would we put people’s safety at risk for a club house for imaginary friends?
ethics is important. look at that building in Thai😢
I am only 4:30 into the video and the design terrifies me. It reminds me of a tower of Jengo blocks with half them gone.
I've just enjoyed seeing the thumbnail change all day
How closely is LIGO linked to the tuned mass damper?
1:36 The replacement of that gothic church with that "thing" is a blasphemy. What a loss.
Imagine supplanting a beautiful old church for a black block of concrete.
"It is cool when an experiment works". I feel you, brother.
You need to give more credit to the student - no longer anonymous!
NYC newspapers going on strike for months sounds interesting
The original saint peter's church was much better than the new "box". Why would they even bother to keep it in the same place with all those efforts. I think the full story is little different. The church owners were greed and wanted enormous compensation for a consent to move. Developer cheated them with this original building configuration with legs placed in a middle. Now the church owners have no money and this inexpressive box on the same place as the original beautiful gothic building.
Diane Hartley should be mentioned in this story. Didn’t she discover the flaw?
Tuned-mass dampers existed long before this building.  Thinking of structures as dynamic systems, not so much.
Man's Ego, that's how.
Classic "engineer" who can't control himself-making what is easy, difficult.
“Confidential repair plan” yet people think it was impossible that any of the towers on 9/11 especially tower 7 could have been secretly rigged to come down on its own. And while I may not be an engineer, I’m an Ironworker that builds bridges and high rises for a living, and while I don’t know what happened exactly on 9/11, I know for a fact the official story put out by the federal govt is absolutely bogus and the investigations were purposely flawed and undermined because you will not find another high rise that free fell into its own footprint from “office fires”.
A fantastic story.
It seems to me that as you build the structure, force sensors could be installed on the beams that carry, transmit the major loads in order to confirm that the forces you have designed for are indeed the forces actually happening in real life.  This should be mandatory especially when the structure is a new method of building large structures.
The one time an engineer leaned into an architect's idea....
1:40 holy what a downgrade 😭
This is just getting attention to a building that had been in the city for years and someone had the gall to shame it. Pathetic
What an absolute shame to nock that beutiful church down only to build something so ugly.
This "old crumbling" church was so much more beautiful than anything they put there, especially this grey unimaginative block. Shame on them.
It was the moth man who made that call
This video is amazing. I've known of this incident for years from other articles and videos but compared to this video those barely scratched the surface - this answered so many more questions and dug down so much deeper into the source materials than any other previous piece I'd read or watched.
LeMessurier when a family name speaks for itself
Earthquake : "Go ahead. Solve your mistake."
No building is safe in New York with FDNY Chief Pfeifer back from retirement. He detonated the North Tower back in the day 😂😂😂
and why didn't they put pipes around the perimeter to create the same phenomenon towards the middle?
5 years from now, she sits at home. Shes feeding the baby, she’s all alone. she turns on Tv, guess what she sees. CityCorp rocking up NBC 🎸 🤘
Zeroth rule : Never let the guy in control of the purse-strings, or anyone who has a vested interest in reducing costs, make any decisions without consulting the designer/engineer...
He did not find the problem. It was a women grad student, Diane Hartley. She was working on her senior thesis. To his credit, he did not brush off the student.
Seen this story before but I always wanted to know more, great video
Had this been a chinese architectural firm, this building would have been buh-bye.
Even the church got ugly. Good trade.
F _ uc_- k this dumb channel
What a drama queen!
I feel like there's a huge ethical gap not being considered, which is keeping this from the public for so long and keeping the repairs a secret. There's not wanting to cause a panic, and then there's not informing the public of the danger their putting themselves in. I mean, if they had gone public with the repairs and evacuated the building right away, assuming 8 hours per night, they probably could have gotten the repairs done in 2 weeks rather than 6, thus being far more prepared for the hurricane.
Should look into how the Japanese are building skyscrapers that are earthquake resistant
What I would have given to see LeMessuriers' lecture on this. Does anyone know if there is the full video anywhere?
- He hadnt done the quartering measurements in the wind tunnel BEFORE the building was built. This is critical. Per se, he is culpable for that oversight. He should have done that anyway!  - His personality shows a degree of hubris and some arrogance. That would contribute to his relationship with those in the team who switched the joins to bolts. If he was personable he would have had a much higher possibility of knowing this before the building began construction through team conversation and straightforward relations.  - If he was overseeing / leading properly he would already have known about the bolts also before construction began - he would have "kept his finger on the pulse". If he was the shot caller on the engineering - and he was - then that was his responsibility.   That said, I dont mind him being preserved here, He humbled himself enough to just be honest. Pity the humility didnt last into his later years?
It’s really not surprising LeMessurier was hailed a hero for owning up to this massive mistake. People understand we are all imperfect, and so they will forgive almost any honest error. What people will not forgive is the deliberate covering up of a mistake to avoid personal consequences at a risk to others life or safety.
Mistakes do happen its a fact if human existence. I imagine all of you wanting him punished have made mistakes too.   Excellent video. Very interesting.
All because a damn church just couldn’t move! The new church was ugly as sin too! At least the lessons learned were valuable to future structural engineers.
removed a beautiful church to build a cement tomb?!
How was this allowed.  If ever you provided ammunition to anti-science folks, you've outdone yourself with this one. :(  I'm not even sure what this video was about.  Was it about the humility of science?  Or of a guy who decided to do the right thing instead of commit suicide by driving his car into a concrete wall at high speed?  Is it about wow science fails, but then somehow manages to redeem itself by acknowledging its mistakes?  Really confused by this one.  I can't distill the message of this video down to the theme, or message, you were going for.  People make mistakes.  This guy did the right thing.  Some people do that.  Or maybe it's that video is less about the story, and you feeling good about the telling the story, unclear as it was.  I don't get the point you are trying make here.  This story is one of the least egregious examples of such undertakings.  Look at the buildings that collapsed in China, and killed people.
Many years ago, my mentor at work told me, "Measure twice, cut once".  Something that I guess applies to structural engineers as much as it does to the trades.
I've watched A good YouTube video about this but can't remember who it was
As a retired electrical engineer, I found this absolutely engaging and totally absorbing. Such a tale of engineering excellence and failure . And more to the point acceptance, correction and a silver cloud, in the the form of the TMD for the future, brilliant.👍🏼🦘🇦🇺
Thats kinda crazy and shows the difference between the old and new guard of engineers. The new while less experienced are more aware of problems. This was absolutely not a small mistake.. As tools like CAD have evolved that will automatically test a structure in planning.
the ventilation system to keep all the oxide fumes from the dual shield welding must have been impressive.  structural welding is gross stuff. aluminum/chromium/nickel/iron and other oxides would coat the walls and furniture.  the welding process alone for this endeavor is fascinating and worth a video.
why don't they rotate the buiilding design such that the stilts are the corners
Shouldn't an engineer's ethics include not designing buildings like this? Why create problems that don't need to be created?
Engineers waste time with fancy designs looking for solutions to problems they create. Oh wow a Tuned Mass Dampener! Look it caused problems later and needed to be amended. Meanwhile, the Empire State Building was built without welding (rivets) and barely any electricity in under a year and never had any issues. It is taller and better looking than Citicorp. We've really become dumber as a society.
ありがとうございます！
Am I the only one who thinks "surviving a 1 in 1,000 storm" is not safe enough? I bet they didn't factor in climate change.
They made a $150 million building a death trap in order to save $0.25 million. This is why I will never trust a sky scraper again.
Chicago has a very recent skyscraper called the Vista tower that they learned would have an issue with wind when it was almost done being built. The solution was to just not build one of the floors near the top, and include no walls either. This let's the wind escape through the building itself.
Question is - When they get around to making a film about this - who's going to play Le Messurer?
this is honestly just a series of trainwrecks/poor decisions that its Miracle from God that it didnt collapse
love when there's a video that's not almost entirely about math !
You started the video with a lie. The problem was discovered by a  student at Princeton, Diane Harley!
You shouldn't have messed with the church....
Background music ruins informative videos.👎
Amazing that such huge decisions were made so casually..
The church is hilariously ugly for all this work.
What a perfect cover to keep fleecing the building owners after it's been built. We call this "got me over a barrel, fire up the money cannon due to lack of architectural diligence".  Who would have thought the thin stilts wouldn't be able to keep this building upright on its own in 100MPH winds at just the right angle. Kinda terrifying if you think about it where an entire building is made based upon napkin math. Can't tell if malicious or incompetent or maybe both.
So, the church is still in an "independent" building like Rome itself, until it all falls down on their stubborn "independent building thinking"
27:24 Whilst the story is excellent and certainly the repairs and actions of the engineers and construction workers prevented a major potential catastrophy, it is disappointing to hear this part go unchallenged. In any case such as this where public safety is of concern there should be publicity, at the very least after the mistake has been rectified if mass panic is expected, so that people (particularly relevant professionals in engineering or government) can learn and potentially make their own discoveries of other public risks. This is highlighted by the regulation requiring quartering wind calculations shortly after the story broke publically - though it isn't verifiably the cause of the legislative update.  For this to be kept quiet for 20 years is frankly negligent and should not be brushed over uncritically as it is in this case. I'm sure there were harsh legal restrictions on the speech of those involved during that period, but that doesn't make it right or ethical for it to have been enforced by those at the top. Regardless this video is engaging in the opposite and sharing this valuable knowledge to a broad audience and so should be commended for that.
Earthquake proof metal studs with ovel long holes with slip track on top   yeah. Building stuff
1:37 Wow. talk about a downgrade.
33:08 This guy talks about people having a responsibility to point out risk to people, meanwhile he had probably over 10,000 people in an area around that building who were never told or warned about the danger they were in. He should have been thrown in prison.
There is a dampener pendulum in a building in Taipei, Taiwan
So, this is where the 911 insurance scammers learned that bolts didn't hold.
Just started working in this building lol
"its own identity" literally looks like  the building its trying to distinguish itself from
8:17 lets excite its resonate frequency, is just such a funny line
Hmmm…
Isn't this the robocop building ? XD
The saddest part is that we destroyed a gothic church.
We don't need two hosts Derek, you're enough 😊. It's quite annoying with jumping back and forth.
they destroyed a beautiful church and replaced it with a brick. that was the first mistake.
Disgraceful that they replaced a beautiful old church with that hideous monstrosity
What about finding a way to dampen the wind entering the city, much like was done for break waters …but a system for wind… giant defusers that can retract and deploy when certain wind speeds are reached, strategically placing them throughout the city
I've known about TMDs for a while, but I had no idea citycorp was the first tower to use one
Everyone is so amazed when someone does the right thing. It says a lot about the ethics of everyone else.
The best Counter-Messurier..
I gotta hand it to him... I'd have thought sure that building would be down within a year, but it's been standing since before I was born so apparently that load distribution wizardry really works. But damn... that gothic church was beautiful and intricate and they replaced with a flat black brick...
How the hell did a full wield became 4 flipping bolts is already a mystery. When the actual calculation demands for multiples of counts. Also, in a building that the method is unconventional with non-typical structural design. The level of negligence is immense.   Also, as someone who works in construction, switching to bolts is obviously a cost cutting measure and there is no excuse spinning around it.  The covering up during and after the repair is also as irresponsible as it gets. It's cheaper to do it this way. The proper way of doing it is to evacuate the affected area and whoever is responsible should be fined for damages.  Banks get away with everything. The whole problem was dealt with at the lowest cost and damages. There is nothing to be praised with the whole thing.
Truly a man of integrity and ethics, the cost to him could have and by right SHOULD have been everything, but instead of scuttling away like a cockroach to hide from his mistake and allow potentially tens of thousands to die or suffer, he staked literally everything, his future, his career, his freedom, EVERYTHING to make it right and ensure the safety and well being of those people at great personal cost and I can only hope that if presented with an occasion to do the same I could find the same strength to do the right thing. I can't say with certainty that I would, and I'm ashamed of that. I hope he went to his grave proud of himself, if for nothing else, then for that.
During the repair, I'm confused as to why they only welded two plates per night.  It seems to indicate (and I'm only at 21:51, so maybe it explains this) that the progress was only limited by the need to stay secretive. Then, they made an evacuation plan with the Red Cross, so it's not a secret unless they lied and said that 100 days was the fastest they could do it no matter what. It seems like they could have done it in a week if they'd recruited every mechanical contractor they could and closed down the building.
I absolutely love these science/engineering story videos. Will watch and like every time
Sorry I watched video about this building yesterday. Now you are making one too
this was really interesting, well done.
When I was a younger structural engineer, I had similar feelings like my stomach just dropped when I realized my mistake. None of them involved public safety, probably more fearful of getting in trouble with leadership. It's a demoralizing feeling and affected my confidence as an engineer for a long time.
hate they replaced that cool old church
“Should we tell everyone not to come to work?” “No, wouldn’t want to cause a mass panic “
I've learned about the story of this building recently via another YouTube video and found it quite interesting. However, the depth and detail of the explanation here is simply outstanding. Well done 👏
are we already skipping the fact that it was a horrible idea to demolish that beautiful gothic church for what looks like a ugly brutalist cube?
2 minutes in and the biggest crime is what they did to that church.
your an asshole. the man who designed it made no such discovery.  it was a college student that figured out the problem.
If you've played Poly Bridge before, then you can skip the "How wind load works" section of the video because you already know how it works
brought to you by CITICORP: "We didn't wanna risk terrorizing people, so we risked their lives :P"
1:39  Before: beautiful gothic architecture church After: horrifying ominous illuminati cube That is the real tragedy of this episode
Not all heroes wear capes, some wear brown blazers. Literally could not have handled the situation any better than he did.
Interesting. Always seen shorter clips about this Citicorp building and its weird design on stilts, but it's the first time I've seen a video deep dive into the architecture and engineering implications in this level of detail. Very informative and the narrative flowed great.
It's also amazing how the Citicorp didn't try to just cover up the whole thing.
Trust me, I'm an engineer.
call me harsh all you want, but making changes to building schematics without telling the principal structural engineer and assuming "it'll be fine" without checking with said engineer is astoundingly naive, and dangerously stupid. it's not like he went "oh just attach them" no he CLEARLY SPECIFIED TO WELD  this is playing games with THOUSANDS of people's LIVES, and i deeply respect LeMessurier for owning up and fixing this almost-disaster. ironic how they'd end up spending much more to fix this than if they had simply FOLLOWED THE INSTRUCTIONS in the first place
Every PE's recurring nightmare.
33:07 _Bill LeMessurier _Veritsium “To hold yourself as a professional, you have a responsibility beyond yourself, if you see something,” (& or rather the lack of something)…”that is a social risk, good heavens this thing,”… …(& or more rather the lack here/thereof things)… …would kill thousands! You must do something, you must do something!   #ActualSecuredPersonalSpaceShouldntBeASecretServiceReservedExclusivelyForThePresidentCelebritiesRoyaltyAndOrNotmalPeopleTurningABlindEye
“Quartering winds are not a factor in this building.”  Wuh?  Is that like, “Icebergs aren’t a factor for this ship (Titanic)…”?  Overconfident, arrogant people are dangerous.  Thank God Mr. LeMessurier wasn’t one of them.
Engineers and architects need to be encouraged not punished for owning up to mistakes. The only real travesty that happened was destroying the beautiful gothic cathedral for that hovel.
My boss has been a mechanical engineer and certified PE for over 50 years. He has always maintained even the best engineers make mistakes, but the very best will walk into your office and flatly say "I screwed up" and then own fixing it.
1:40 ew that is an ugly church.
Replace that beautiful old church with a ugly turd is a disgrace
4:30 yeah, that shouldn't have been allowed to happen
heroes in engineering are not necessarily heroes in business, but my respect goes to the world as seen through engineers 😛
So winds slower than a Baseball can destroy a building huh?
No one: Planes: *Heavy Breathing*
So people can go in and modify buildings without anyone knowing? Didn't everyone tell us that was impossible when people tried to claim 9/11 was an inside job?
In the 70’s we had mainframe computers to perform to stress-strain calculations in beams and trusses. Maxwell-Mohr (virtual force) method to analyze trusses was invented in 1882. Newton’s law about dynamic forces was known since 1687. There should have been no mystery to start with.
How many times is this title gonna change
Makes me think what would buildings be like if they built out more like my coin stack.
LenotMeasure
would't it possible to make the mass damper active? using accelerometers and motor/generators with gear reduction to accelerate/decelerate the mass damper.
No, he didnt discover it, he confirmed it.  The discovery came from a female, whose name i forget.  Plz correct this part of the video.
I thought hurricane season was over
I love the animations!!!
How many goddamn times are you gonna change the thumbnail and title of this video
as far as I remember, it was a student, who figured out the dangerous issue... and informed the engineer, who confirmed it and reacted as told... 🤔  (edit: nvm, it is told later on 😊)
This is a fascinating story.  I wonder how many known mistakes and errors are out there that are not being reported and fixed, not just on structural issues, but things like car or plane designs, etc.
Oh no I am near there rn driving south
The Pastor attempted to politely refuse the City Council proposal with his demands, he surely did not expect them to actually build a new church building and ensure it would’ve actually be a physically separate building…  Little he knew 5D Chess Masters were the City Hall Residents 😂
gee I love religion
I know there are movies for everything but this needs to be a movie!!
Also, found the Church from that meme.
"Capitalism is fine," they said.
it doesnt even look good or impressive , like dude architects seem to only cause problems
I think it is nice someone spotted it. It all seems to boil down to an incorrect safety margin and incomplete wind analysis done at the brace requisition phase. I think whoever was the final person to decide that it was safe to order bolts instead of welders is the primary person at fault. If they're going to change a design this elaborate, I think it is obvious they should have been more cautious.
After watching this, it males sense.   Now do building 7.  Please explain how that whole building collapsed......
Bruh that building looked like it would collapsed any second 💀
....STILL,WHAT A STRANGE NAME *_La Measure_* ,HEHEHEHE  ...MUSTVE BEEN MEXICAN ROOTS,HEHEHEHE
Me, watching as the building becomes more and more precarious just to allow for a partly made up restraint.
The first Tokyo apartment in an 18-story building had dynamic damping which kicked in during the Kobe earthquake
A grad student brought this to his attention…
...THOSE would VE BEEN RESPONSIBLE WHO CHANGED WELDING ON BOLTING  ....I'D RATHER SET UP A STORM IN MEDIA
The American Bar Association (ABA) building in Chicago on Lake Shore Drive, had an unusual vibration as the drywall carts rolled down the halls... The early 1980s.  The joke was that there were often whitecaps in your coffee when drywall was being delivered.  Then a big job meeting, and it was mentioned that X-bracing was being added, and the iron workers would have a priority over all others. And they worked mega overtime.  IIRC it was in the Chicago papers, the building opening would be delayed for additional structural work.
What an amazing story one of your best ones yet !!
Easily your best video in years. Thanks.
Ill never understand our obsession with destroying the most beautiful architecture man ever made, and replacing it with, well i dint know what to call this modern, brutalist, depressing, uninspiring, dead, colourless, bland, disgusting “architecture” now a days.  What they did to that church was criminal!
why couldn’t they just build a smaller building next to the church? Or build it elsewhere?
holy living f...this is a video primarily for american audiences, about a building in nyc, why are you only giving some figures in metric? it would have taken 5 extra seconds to include figures in terms relevant to the subject. and i'm not saying don't include metric, just give both so we don't have to stop and google every time you give a figure that is critical to understanding the story.
Had to be the worst most sickening feeling when he realized what the calculations meant.
0:06 He didn't make the discovery; a college student did.
This quality of this video is excellent. Even I understood the math, as explained. That says something. Great job!! Fascinating!
Sounds like he should have spent more time making sure his building was built right instead of making up acronyms for his special projects lol
What a great story. Wow! I feel bad for that church though. Who tf designed that monstrosity?
The newspaper clipping at 10:45 text reads "...making it the eigth tallest in the world"  However at 10:48 the voice over states that the new Citicorp skyscraper is the 11th tallest in the world.  So, which is true?
A secret nightime welding operation sounds insane, they really expected crews to get it all done and cleaned up in under 12 or probably really 10 hours.
Wasn't it a grad student that first notified the engineer who further confirmed the dangerr
There are probably many buildings with similiar flaws that no one knows about
I am a professional mechanical engineer myself and I can totally relate that last bit…ethic is paramount in the engineering field
I thought someone came to him with it and he didn't Discover it on his own
The pagodas built 1000 years ago in Nara have dampers.
I thought the one who discovered the diagonal wind load (quartering winds) problem was a student, and NOT LeMessurier as implied in his statements and your omission in your commentary?  Is this a conspiracy theory thing?
This video raises several questions: 1. Why was the transportation of long diagonal beams across NYC deemed logistically impossibile? This sort of task was apparently achieved eight years earlier when the John Hancock Center was constructed in 1969; the diagonal beams were transported to the Chicago construction site using a combination of methods. Initially, crawler cranes were used to erect the steel from the foundation level up to the second floor. Then, to elevate the steel further, four "S2" towers with stiff-leg derricks were employed, supporting the erection from the second floor to the roof. These derricks had a capacity of 50 tons at a 30-foot radius and a maximum radius of 120 feet. The hoist engines for these derricks were located within the towers, which were "jumped" every four floors, allowing for the construction to proceed efficiently. 2.  Why should a tuned structural damper be at the mercy of a power outage? Surely a battery backup system could be installed to tide them over? Besides, according to my source, the Citigroup Center in NYC does NOT have a tuned mass damper, instead it has a tuned system that uses a fluid to dampen vibrations and reduce sway - this requires a very modest amount of electrical power. 3.  Does the wind loading hazard increase or diminish with time? On the one hand predicted climate change will increase the severity of hurricanes in the years to come. On the other hand, as more and more extreemely tall buidlings are erected each decade, shouldn't these act as wind breaks that reduce the wind load on earlier structures?
*In NYC we have the best Inspectors Money Can Buy!*
An engineer/architect would know right from the get-go that the structure is deficient....how can you build an entire building then say, "WAIT " I'm not sure this is gonna hold up..!! Something smells fishy. BTW...Great video.
So... these buildings can withstand a once every 200 year storm. But not 201 years.
Thumbnail 1: black n white building with red base.
Can’t say I’ve ever teared up on a Veritasium video before haha this was an incredible telling of an incredible story
Imagine this, trump is firing all inspectors…..
The new church structure looks like BS comparing to how beautiful was the old one
My bad for thinking this was a fern vid
Crazy how white folks enjoy being lied to.
Is it just me or did he already do a video on this? That or maybe it was practical engineering that did a video on this already.
Finally a Veritasium video I can understand!
'Do le Measure twice, cut once' per my French grandmother.
Did not see this mentioned - student, Diane Hartley, was who had been studying the building's design for her thesis. Hartley pointed out a potential issue with the building's resistance to quartering winds, which LeMessurier then confirmed through his calculations.
Replacing the old church with that modern eyesore, why even bother.  should have just sold the land and moved.
First get your facts straight: in 1977 "The CN Tower" Canada was the Tallest building In The World; at 553 meters (1,815 feet), while the Willis Tower is 527 meters (1,729 feet) tall as Tallest in USA; NOT THE WORLD. And FYI United-Statiens, America is 2 continents not just your country lol
I'm sorry but Diane Hartley deserves the credit. She is the one who made the "terrifying discovery".
who the FOK is that guy
i wish they still built gothic cathedrals, but instead they build origami box looking things
1:04 Green Dot Aviation music
"the new church had to be visually distinct and separate from the tower"...You could give me a hundred years to look at a snapshot of that ugly stump of concrete and I would never had guessed it was a church and not some extension of the tower itself
This was not his own discovery it was a collage student
Undergraduate student Diane Hartley call the mistake. This guy never gave her full credit, but she’s the one that caught the mistake.
For those people who think that not going public with the information was unethical, I would like to point out that weather forecasting in 1978, though not as good as today, was still good enough so that the area could be evacuated before the winds became critical. I was involved in a similar fiasco and went public with the information. It was ignored, and the outcome was not good. The man who blundered that response went on to cause a very much more deadly blunder. If I ever finish my book, the title will be Endo’s Deity.
It was addressed over 40 years ago.   Stop it.   This is click bait, and probably sourced from a short that I saw recently.   Did you steal this idea?   Awful coincidental.   This is a bad look dude.
It would have been fine ,wasted money on those repairs..
I hate the ugly, modern look of buildings. Some things don't need changing IMO.
Dumbest architect and building on the planet,
dude that old gothic church was so much better damn what a loss
Doesn't sound like it was his mistake so much as whoever decided to use bolts instead of welds
Technically there is another building that was the most dangerous building in Manhattan. It was the most catastrophic collapse from minor damage in the entire history of steel high rises.
So if they hadn't decided only do the retrofit work at night, to hide the mistake, they could have done the work around the clock and presumably around twice as fast. When hurricane season rolled around they were only half finished. And by dumb luck or the grace of God, the hurricane turned.  It could have easily gone the other way and their attempts to hide the work, that slowed the work down, could have killed thousands.  Lies are never moral, white or otherwise. Nor is celebrating evil behavior just because they got lucky.
wtf did they do to that church
28:20 TAIWAN MENTIONED 🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼🇹🇼
The church looks awful. Shame they got rid of the original.
The stilt design reminds me of the Magsaysay Building in Manila, Philippines which was built earlier (1967) than the Citicorp tower (1977). Though that one is much lower.
No formulas on this video. grats!
Who would have thought... wind might blow it over. HAHA
The plan should have been to inform people, fix the building ASAP, and not make the choice to risk people's lives without them knowing. This shows how little leadership values the lives of the people who depend on them. It still happens all the time. If you are a leader of people, you need to stop and think about what is important from time to time. You also must be willing to do the most difficult things when they are the right things to do.
And that's when America learned it's lesson. That, if you cut corners to save a few bucks, it could cost far far more in the long run.
Quite a grim note at the end. lol
It’s crazy how much I enjoying watching these videos and don’t understand 99% of it.. I just love watching smart people talk
Surely the fault lay with the people who'd changed his welding specifications to bolts without even consulting with him first!
they dont make people like LeMessurier  anymore
Wait... so that episode of Amazing world of Gumball is a refrence to this thing? That's wild
Was the building on reclaimed land vs bedrock? That is a suggestion in other posts- this building seems to be on trend...
Maine mentioned!!
This man gets 100,000 views per hour, meanwhile I can't even get 100 views per hour 💀 I'm lucky for one of my videos to reach 100 views at all
Lol... wait... the solution was completely traditional bracing that should have been there in the first place? xD
If only there are more people like Lemessurier... I went to school for engineering and recall an Engineering Ethics course.  On one of the assignments the Prof came in next day and gave the entire class an earful.  It turned out a large group in the class cheated on the Ethics assignment... can you believe it.  These are the future engineers trusted to build safely. I was used to seeing people cheat in high school. but this was university... and we were supposed to be the best of the best.  I hope to this day those people didn't go on to do any engineering.
NOoooo not the beautiful church
I've been somewhere similar for this.  I was working as shop electric/warehouse for a company that rented lighting equipment to film studios when l decided to autopsy a few of our tube lights that had to be replaced at a shoot, just to see why they quit working. I found that the live wires feeding the light had been pinched to the metal housing during assembly in every failed tube, and they had shorted out through the chassis to an outside ground. I then decided to open up a dozen or so good lights from our stock to see if any others had this problem, and was shocked to find that about 2 in ten had that flaw, and the only thing stopping people from getting electrocuted by them was the paint on the outside and luck. I immediately brought this up to the manager and the experienced electrician, but was sorta handwaved off that it wasn't a big deal.  I didn't know what to think. The last few years had been rough on me, life was only starting to get back on track, l didn't want to lose my job and start all over. There was no certainty that this was as big of a problem as l was worried it could be, l could easily have been mistaken since l was new to the industry, and motivated reasoning made this a very attractive thought, but l resolved to bring it up again the next day and prepared to start contacting authorities on my own if l was ignored. Fortunately, the previous day had mostly been a miscommunication when they thought l was only referring to some bent ground tabs inside the lights. The manager immediately froze all of their use once l showed him one light running only through alligator leads from the frames of two other units that were separately shorting to hot and neutral, and there was a conference call within the hour with the engineer who produced them. I spent much of the next few months inspecting and clearing the good units, culling the dangerous ones, and working on a fix for all the ones getting produced in the future.   The part that struck me the most wasn't risking my own well being, that would have been an easy call if l knew others would be in serious danger otherwise. It was the uncertainty, the very real chance of throwing everything away over nothing, that there was no actual danger and l was just mistaken.
That church was a downgroad
12:00 --- The plot twists ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️
despite the first mistakes, no one can dispute of what   of an engineering marvel this came out to become
I dont understand why they didn't consider the diagonal winds in the initial calculation. Its a non-standard building, so why apply a standard calculation? I feel like the engineering company that replaced the welds with bolts was incompetent.
I'm just glad they had a surplus of bolts and not super glue!
Dang I've been telling ppl about this for years and most ppl are in disbelief and look it up. now a bunch are gonna know already. thanks a lot derek.
Great episode!
I've have multiple meetings in that building.  Glad I'm still live.
This documentary was highly informative and very well made.  We take a lot for granted, like assuming others smarter than us have done the math correctly, but that's not always the case. Accounts like this demonstrate a real need for having multiple independent reviews on any calculations.  Another lesson to be learned, is that the engineer(s) should do on-site inspections to ensure construction proceeds as specified. Had the engineer reviewed the plans, and inspected the work in progress,    the bolt issue could have been avoided.
just make that building like all the other buildings
32:58 Words to live by.  What an Absolutely amazing video.
So they destroyed old gothic church and replace it with metal box ....wtf!?
The first tuned mass damper in a building was in the John Hancock Tower in Boston, MA, not the Citicorp building.  The Citicorp damper may have indeed been the first time it was considered a structural need, and not just a creature comfort need.
"old crumbling gothic church"
You replaced a beautiful old church to THAT!
Is this the Suits building?
It was the 60s they did alot more coke and butt stuff
Money
anyone understand all that because of one little church?
So they removed the cool looking gothic building, still kept the annoying church people coming and in accommodating to them whilst using the entire landmass they purchased built a death trap that then needed solving...  Religion and ego, two of the greatest evils nearly flattening the centre of a city like that is hilarious.
Why did you not include Diane Hartley? She was not anonymous, they kept her secret to hide their embarrassment. They didn't even bother updating her on the work, she found out about it in a news article.
Conclusion: a religion is dangerous🗿
It’s so sad that the thought is “being associated with a mistake” rather than integrity
all that for religion
i got an inside tour of the pendulum up top. it is MASSIVE.
I know hindsight is 20/20, and I’m not engineer. But the idea that skyscrapers would be designed without ever considering what would happen if the wind was hitting at the corner seems absolutely insane to me.
Destroying such a beautiful church for this brutalist monstrosity is a sin.
With all the crazy designs architects are coming up with these days we're more dependent on competent engineers than ever. I'm also wondering when one of these dampers will fail just at the time when they are needed most.
Who cares. New York will become Mexico in three years.
Fascinating doco, one of your most entertaining. Thank you!
Take a shot every time he says “it was worse than LeMessurier thought”
Are they concerned at all about viscosity breakdown? (‘90s motor oil ad reference joke. If you know, you know)
if ppl died... it would be because of the church..ironic
The previous church design was much better in my opinion.
Cool, so this building is 700 feet from my apartment. I definitely feel very serene now.
That church was beautiful, now it looks like a cementblock.   Dear lord how ugly.
cool do the leaning tower in SF now. it's still sinking, and it's still under construction. i believe it's the "new" salesforce tower that was supposed to go up in the 2010s
The worst part of all these is how they rebuilt that church, from a architecture marvel to a block of concrete.
Bro pays roaming state to state huh? 🤨
I thought LeMessurier is pronounced in the French way.... A Canadian should know...
Only in the US will the rip down a gothic church to build a bank headquarters...
Just imagine if that building had fallen. The amount of conspiracy theories that would've surround this event would be huge!!! People would start creating all sort  of stories and crazy allegations.
Wait, the engineer made the discovery? It wasn't another engineer who pointed out the problem?
you tell me they swapped a gothing church for a juicebox one?
It takes a special kind of stupid to do something for profit while being negligent at the same time.
You might be a smart person but also not a smart person.
How were they even allowed to replace that church? sacrilege
I haven’t commented on a video for years but this one is mind blowing Thank you for this video  The whole family is watching it
Someone... DOING THINGS RIGHT!!!  UNLIKE that Orange MORON! And his slobbering sycophant followers. How can someone BANKRUPT TWO casinos? Or was it more? SCREW OVER thousands of young people with some DUMBASS "university", SCAM people with his total BS sales of GARBAGE! And people STILL kiss his A$$!!!  Stories like this HONEST engineer are too far between and TOO little in this world gone CRAZY!
The old church was beautiful. It is a crime to destroy it for this non sense building. In France we take care of all our old churches, it is our past, heritage.
For me, the moral of the story is skyscrapers should be built with higher factors of safety. That way, when design or construction errors are discovered it's less likely to be a brown pants moment.
Damn, the thought of the buildings falling like dominos is terrifying.
7:55 Correction: The first skyscraper to incorporate a Tuned Mass Damper was Boston's John Hancock Building in 1976, two years ahead of the Citicorp Center.   (Toronto's CN Tower also predated them both, but it's classified as a tower, not a building.)
What a great guy
why why didn't his parents name him Richard?  He'd be Dick Van Dyck
I'm pretty sure it was an undergrad student who called him out. It's a bit disingenuous to not include that fact.
they rebuilt the church in a very ugly way! it was much beautiful before
Hmm. A generational thing? Successive generations are increasingly craven and shrink from responsibility and ethical behavior?
Weird, just yesterday I watched a short (not yours, and before yours was posted) about this exact same building. Weird  coincidence.
They tore down that gorgeous church to build that... Sinful.
I appreciate that LeMessurier acted quickly to fix it, but he didn't "own up" to the mistake. His firm ultimately covered it up as best they could. Had LeMessurier not acted, *then* he would have had to publicly own up to the error of his firm when the building collapsed and killed thousands of people.  More credit goes to Citi Corp and others who weren't responsible and yet seemingly focused on fixing the problem and not holding LeMessurier to account in public afterwards. Despite being wronged, they let the problem be the enemy so that everyone could rally to fix it -- and they also had wherewithal to know that publicly outing LeMessurier afterwards would have discouraged others to bring up their professional errors in the future within their company.  This is key element of a healthy company (and community) environment: Problems can be raised, and even if the person who raised the problem was the cause of the problem, the group makes the problem be the enemy. Everyone -- including the original responsible party -- is on the team to fix it and that fixing the problem is _the_ mission.
Having the legs on each side of a chair only sounds like a bad idea because your weight moves around on a chair. You might sit entirely on one corner. Buildings don't do that.
AND....what MINEFIELD is still sitting out there that people have NOT come forward about? Or for which the mistakes were never found?
Love the animations!! Keep producing them please!!
I guess he didn't LeMessurier the forces properly.
"Why notch only one corner? Why not two? Or three? Or four?" WHY? WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY WHY
2:59 i think that this analogy is flawed. a chair is not stationary unlike skyscrapers. "imagine a four-legged tree"? and i bet he meant a four-legged chair. and it's flawed too, because you could only use it on a flat surface unlike a three-legged one
The more and more I watch this channel, the more I see a video about the same topic, some lesser known channel made a video about it about a month prior
not quite true, an architecture student made the discovery, making at least two people who knew its weakness
The Real crime was destroying that Gothic Church
Another odd feature of that building due to the center column's small footprint (relative to the entire building) is the restricted number of elevator shafts, for which double-decker elevators were used. There are two lobby levels, the upper for the odd floor stops and the lower for the even floor stops. It could be aggravating, since you are not only stopping for the floors requested by the people on your car, but also for the people on the car above/below you.   I worked there on the 2nd from top floor for about 5 years in the 80's. Beautiful building. A work of art. And St Peter's Church too -- very attractive.  As for the block assemblage, that's a whole other story. The block was not "up for sale." It was occupied by many smaller building, including a lot of residential. CIticorp assembled the block slowly, and in secret with many cutout buyers. They had to keep the assemblage a secret, or the prices would shoot through the roof. In the end, there was another, smaller office building left on the 3rd Avenue/E 53rd St corner, which was eventually acquired and removed.
How many buildings out there have problems like this that were never addressed?
Thanks for this channel
there are other videos about this with the student that discovered the flaw
And again, history proves that the cause of all problems is... the church :)
The old church was much better
The destruction of the Gothic church and replacing it with that Modern architecture brick in the corner is the biggest crime of all.
If there were ever something that needed over-engineering, it was a new structural design.
The new church is so ugly.
the narrator has a double major, in physics, and engineering, but which engineering? ethics in engineering course if taught to first year engineers
how was it allowed that Veritasium rubber-stamped full self driving? on a platform that almost kills as many people as covid every year?
Mind blowing! Just the thought of Domino Effect on buildings in Manhattan, terrifying! I used to live in Manhattan and work in the mid-town area, used to go near Citicorp building often.
Hot fix in prod before computers became mainstream.
I’m sorry I lost interest once I realized they tore down a beautiful gothic church to build this deathly eyesore
1:40 I am sorry, but you did not say "old crumbling Gothic church" about that beauty and then show me this ugly monstrosity of Capitalism with the tone that suggests that the "new one" is somehow better.
Great video!
27:42 The contractor cut corners and didn't even follow his design. There wouldn't have been an issue if they did what he told them to do in the first place. But it's "his mistake".
Would have been nice if you had the professional wherewithal to also include the dimensions in Imperial scales, not just metric, especially since this is America  and almost all of us are ignorant of the metric measurements.
How many people do you know are willing to admit their mistakes.   Take responsibility and resolve the problem.    I'm thinking not many.
I heard this story before. Ofc they tried to fix it without anyone knowing.
The old church was beautiful. The new church looks awful.
Damn that last bit hit me.   I once had a professor in engineering his name was Rafael Maramba from the Mapua University of the Philippines, who said,   "If you are an engineer, you are a problem solver, you are here to solve problems, and there are challenges you might not even initially consider your concern can eventually become part of your responsibilities."
1:38 OLD GOTHIC CHURCH LOOKS BETTER AND BIGGER THAN THE CRUMB OF SPACE AND BUILDING THEY NOW HAVE
What an amazing example of putting aside your ego. It takes a tremendous amount of courage to do what's right, even when it could destroy you personally.
For once, a company, and the building they buy, are equally disgusting & dangerous!
For sea vessel hulls, a bolt is better than a weld, because it lets chunks of the ship expand/contract/bend separately. Because a superstructure in arctic water is just brittle enough to crack in two in heavy seas.
Everyone involved in the decision to not inform the public should have been forced to live and work a block away from Citicorp for the duration of the repairs plus 16 years.
why is the deal with this building lately? is the 4th video I see about it.
So instead of functionality and safety they went for complexity and inherent instability.  No one would ever engineer an aeroplane this way.
This building has long since been fixed.
Is this a reupload or am I going crazy? Feel like I watched a video on this recently
Reminds me of learning how a sailboat can travel faster than the wind
Why didn’t they just rotate the building 90°
frick you I the thumbnail made me thing this was a lemmino video  your cool or whatever but anything other than lemmino is a letdown
Amazing story
Could've been a great B1M channel collab lol
@14:47 I know these guys are smart when it comes to engineering. My dad has an engineering degree but they are terrible with spelling, grammar and the nuances of language. The engineer said, “wreck havoc.” The proper term is ‘wreak havoc.’ It drives me NUTS cause I thought engineers had more attention to detail! lol
LeMesurier didnt make the discovery, a student did
It's obvious that the company bearing his name does *NOT* share his values.
The new church looks terrible its like a wired shaped trash can
They really tore down a gothic cathedral....
We get it - you’re Mr. Science. But science is also about communication, and telling is the wind speed in kmph for a United States landmark AND not even covering it to mph? Well, that’s just pompous. Like it or not, imperial exists and millions of people use it.
The moment they tore the original church down for the abomination that replaced it, it should have been fair game for a safe structure. At that point the church was no longer a heritage site.
This was all nearly 50 years ago. I wonder how the legal environment has changed - what its effects would be on someone who wanted to do the right thing - to fix the problem before disaster struck - versus the price that person would pay. Look around at the price that whistle-blowers faced when exposing the crimes of the Biden Crime Family. Look at the lies being told by the DemonCRAP party about the MS-13 "Maryland Dad"  today. Seems there's always pushback from someone against the truth... someone who wants the building to fall, the Biden's to get away with their crimes, for violent criminals to be re-imported into America.
Would have been cooler with the old neo-gothic church still left.
I guess he shoulve LeMeasured better before he gave them the Bill.   But oh no his name is Bill leMessurier not LeMessurier Bill.
Equating the square root of 2 to 1.4 is such an engineer thing to do.
shoutout tufts!!!
Inevitably value engineering is the cause of most major structural failures  because the cost of failure is not factored in.
Gotta be honest, the new church is a hideous downgrade from its gothic predecessor.
Sorry, but in the TMD experiment section, you say the final result being critically damped. It is obviously not critically damped as the structure is still swaying slightly. It is just a well tuned under-damped system. Critical damping is near impossible to achieve in practice.
What an absolute injustice they ripped down that beautiful old church and replaced it with some horrid brutalist monstrosity!
I dont know why they act like hiding the danger from the people at risk was a GOOD idea. Its robbing people of information they need in order to decide how much risk they are comfortable living with.
Look to the West coast at SF's Millennium Tower where foundation miscalculations are causing serious problems and enormous costs to rectify...maybe, it is not over.
Crazy that a guy called Lee the Careless was so much help.
It seemed logically intuitive to me that when your pillars are situated on the edges instead of the corners, diagonal forces are the biggest issue for structural integrity. But I guess the intuition can get lost in a sea of calculations.
As someone who majored in engineering alongside peers who could barely pass physics 101 it's a miracle anything in this world is still standing.
Engineer here (though not an American). Just want to say that unlike in the 70s, nowadays whenever there is any sort incident we need to report to the relevant governmental agencies to launch an investigation. These investigations are open to the public: NTSB (National Transport Safety Board) for transport infrastructure.  CSB (Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board) for chemical/industrial accidents FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) under the "Resources > US Structures" Tab can search info on any building in the US  OSHA (Occupational Safety and Health Administration) for work place accidents.  There is more but again I'm not an American.
Number of times I yelled NO! outloud… so many points of failure? Should something not be perfect, forever…
So basically, what I gather is this:  LeMessurier's design was fine.  Penny pinching and greed nearly brought the building down, to no fault of his own.  Also, since this is an American building in an American city, I'm not sure why you're using Km/h. 110Km/h is roughly 68mph.
Vancouver has a building called the Qube. It is a square but tall building with the firat four floors only the center support column. Said column has but a service door, no other entry. I prresume the entry was on a lower level around behind where the land drops away.
This man was, by no fault of his own, placed in a situation where the easy out in his mind was suicide, and he stepped up. Saying he wasn't a hero is crazy.
1:40 Sorry, they did WHAT?! They call this a church?! and they demolished a gothic building for this fugly concrete block that looks like part of a dam?! I'm the furthest from god that man can be, but as a European such an architectural sacrilege is still deeply shocking me! What bloody idiots thought this was a good idea?!
dumb architectural bullcrap
I find it a bit sad that the old church was replaced with a new one. To me, the old one looked way more beautiful. And the old church below the modern skyscraper would have looked nicer. A great contrast!
Thank God nothing bad happened to CitiCorp.  🙄🤑
“Created an engineering problem “  No it didn’t.   The design created a financial problem.   With enough money engineering problems don’t exist
There needs to be an annual LeMessurier Award, not just in engineering, but to someone who "slammed the emergency break" despite being the one who would get the blame. The "anti asscover award" so to speak.
Someone beat you to this story
"We can save $250,000 by not welding the beams, right?"  **Costs $4 million to put the structure back to original specifications.**  Ah yes, when efficiency theory becomes deficient practice.
Stop it! No need to make a mole hill into a mountain just for clicks. We all know, and we don't even need to be very smart or even need to use critical thinking, and that is that high rise buildings always fall straight down into their own footprint even if hit by an airplane! Like duh, 9/11 proved that! So sure, some people would die, but no need involving the buildings next door unless they happened to be owned by the same company, then something strange might happen. Anyway, stop with the clickbait. We're not dumb.  Well, maybe we're not dumb? Hmm
I thought it was a female engineering student that brought the buildings flaw to light? Or am I thinking about another building that could fall? Haha
When you watch a movie and people do a bunch of stupid things and you think 'come on,nobody's that stupid',then you remember that a series of errors causes a lot of catastrophes.
Praise the architecte; he didn't fully hide its mistake; just enough time so they can put a patch while still keeping thousand life at risk. What a good engineering ethics indeed (sarcasm)
just re uploading old videos now...
The student was Diane Hartley, not a “him.” AFAIK
6:48: M-m-m-massive?
2:00
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
I guess the Pastor couldn't resist the $$$. Yeah, for sure, that new church is soooo much better looking than that old crumbling piece of junk church.
Glad to see some structural engineering content.
🦁🦁🦁🦁🦁LION takes LIKE Number 29000
They should never have let the old church be destroyed. That new one is hideous and bleak
They really took a beautiful church and turned it in to... that.
Would modern software have prevented the error in not factoring the quartering winds?
How can you build a skyscraper without measuring stress from wind at multiple angles?
a well known story. But retold well so far.
More civil engineering videos please! 🙏🏽
A+
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
Doesnt Taiwan's Taipei101 have that TMD system?
"Here I am the only man in the world who knew this"  Me: takes one look at thumbnail . . . "wtf that building doing on stilts?"
Boy, YouTube is really making it hard to watch the big channels we really love. I probably watched 15 commercials throughout this. Smaller channels get 1 or 2. I find my watch count diminishing.
What’s up with the thumbnail switching like 3 times lol
No Chinese engineering involved? Wow. I guess it has stayed upright for 50 years.
It was a keen eyed student that made him aware of the flaw.
More like Citi-corpse center 💀
As a civil engineer in construction I can totally understand the weight of responsibility. Hats off to him owning and solving a mistake, not even his mistake. My job is to position precisely where to install things (setting-out engineer). Just the thought of me making a major mistake could easily give me sleepless nights. Thankfuly I developed a work method when I triple check everything before I leave a mark on the fresh concrete. I saw so many errors done by others before me and I had to correct before the construction can go further, I don't want to be the guy who made such error. Maybe not costing lives, but an error in my business can easily go into many thousands of pounds in cost in the UK.
Its cool to hear the in depth story of what actually happened with that building we all heard about in engineering undergraduate classes. In class it was always just boiled down to the braces were bolted instead of welded and had to be fixed and they managed to fix it with out anybody noticing with the main focus on good engineering ethics and a reason to double check calculations when being asked questions about them.
I came across this in my feed. Let me say that I am not an engineer, and this is not a subject I know anything about. But, I clicked on it because I thought it sounded interesting. And, wow, was it ever! Thank you for explaining so that even someone like myself could enjoy this. It was fascinating, and the way it was explained made it understandable and enjoyable. I've now got a whole new respect for structural engineers and architects. Thank you!😊
Buffalo NY principal  of an elementary school knows her kids are being molested or assaulted and is holding it
So imagine that student never called and NYC fell like dominos.
As an engineer I have zero sympathy for him. He created his own problem by trying to make it look good. Architects are the bane of engineers for a reason. He doesn't deserve praise for telling about the flaw. That is the bare minimum expected to stay out of jail.
The name of this video underwent at least three changes from the moment I began watching it until I finished it and shared it on Facebook.
This is odd. As soon as the video started, when you got to the stool example, I immediately intuited the problem exactly. What is that?! Maybe I should go into architecture...
I remember how horrible it was when the twin towers toppled into all those other buildings in a domino effect. It was truly horrible. To bad it couldn't have just fallen into it's own footprint like a controlled demolition.
The idea that errors are "allowed" is a huge cognitive error.  The default state is chaos and entropy. There is absolutely NO REASON to expect this build to stand up under any conditions. It is only through rigorous multidisciplinary work that it even exists... and through a miracle of engineering, physics, and cognition that it can stand at all.  Errors are not "allowed" they are the default. It is human exceptionalism that overcomes them.  The idea that we consider an engineering error of this kind to be abhorrent is tremendous praise for engineers everywhere.
I don't know why but videos about this building have been recommended to me for weeks leading up to this.... What did you do to YouTube?!
"Citicorp center" somehow Citi bank being tied to it is the least surprising thing to me after working for them.
Sounds like cover up rebranded as savior story to me
There's one very similar in Boston.
You have done an absolutely amazing job with this channel all. You're a bright light in a very dark time. Many thanks.
WOW. Just wow! If this happened today, feels like it's gonna be covered up so hard and swept under the rug until calamity struck. And the guy who discovered the mistake would've been silenced or worse. How they glossed over the repairs in present descriptions of the building says it all. Instead of championing the ingenuity and wonderful sense of responsibility that the people involved had to fix the situation, they just didn't even mention it. This insane aversion to mistakes and blemishes to image is just astounding. Astoundingly stupid.
I figured a tuned mass damper was involved here. Yall should go to Taipei 101 probably the most impressive TMD avaliable to the public to see.
I can't believe they tore down that beautiful gothic church and replaced it with that atrocious modern style one
That church is everything wrong with modern Christianity
Whut 😮
As an architect I grew up admiring skyscrapers, now they seem just obscene
Just when I thought my esteem for engineers couldn't get any lower.
Hmmm makes me think of building 7 but I mean, nvm... 😅
Always a cost cutting
28:14 That building was a childhood memory of mine!
As an engineer I just have to question, why make it harder than the architect envisioned?
Bethlehem Steel switched out the welds for bolts.  It wasn't his fault entirely, though he did sign off on the change.
Turned a beautiful gothic church into a block of concrete. Ew lol. Also he’s acting like a hero when he’s the one that has made the mistake. Crazy
Isn’t it kind of screwed up that “professional ruin and bankruptcy” was enough to make a man consider not making a decision that would’ve saved thousands of lives? What a wild world we live in where that is even a possibility.
I wonder what would happen if he didn't learn about the bolt substitution.
This error must be looked at, not just in the context of physics, but of company management. I ask: how could a decision to replace a crucial, component of a structure, the failure of which would be catastrophic even in the eyes of a non-expert person,  be made by the staff of a company without referring the matter to the CEO? How could the CEO give such authority to his staff? How could the staff take it upon itself to make such a decision without referring it up to the top? The responsibility for such a failure of management lies always at the head of the fish.  Besides architecture, this would make an excellent lesson in management and corporate governance.
Thank you for doing this video.  You're saving lives. I was appalled when I found out how many engineers were never taught basic ethics lessons from history. Sometimes their school didn't teach at all or they studied under non-engineering/non-science major but got hired into engineering because reasons.  The latter is especially concerning since those are the types most likely to climb the corporate ladder to avoid competing with the hardcore contributors... so they'd be the ones making the business/ethical decision to do the right thing or to take their bonuses and run away.
The thumbnail and title are changing every single time I see this in my recommended
That church is an abomination compared to the old "crumbling" structure as you say. It was gorgeous.
저기도 교회가 문제였네
What an incredible story! Sending this video to my granddaughter who is an engineering student at Tuft's University.
Ask a question. Answer = money
Absolutely blows my mind that the design is only assessed by a single engineer, and then that design can be arbitrarily changed by people with no clue about the nuances of the design. Moreover, they took the unilateral decision not to inform the people who used the building. The unmitigated arrogance. We see so many buildings collapse or catch fire due to exactly these kind of miscalculations, yet still engineers are trusted.
Oh look. Captialism (cutting corners to save money regardless of safety) almost despawned 10's of thousands of people 🙃
It’s incomprehensible to me that the incredibly complex wind speeds and directions of a hurricane compounded by the dynamics of the complicated urban landscape around this building were apparently never seriously considered. Hurricane wind directions shift as the entire storm moves; by 180 degrees if the eye passes over a particular location, and on either side of the eye they’re strongest. And hurricanes have hit New York City! Yet nobody ever thought the wind could push directly against the corners of this tower??
this was great, I have walked under this building and thought it looked totally impossible.
Goku has a power level of a 1 in 1 million year storm
Here for 3 title changes 🤣
So they got rid of a beautiful church that had great history to put in a skyscraper that would have killed thousands if one architect didn’t have a conscious. What an uplifting story.
24:45 The citicorps president called the AT&T president and got new telephone lines got installed the next morning. The connections elites have 👌👌
Black Rock, Fidelity and State Street are major shareholders in $XAI318K. All 3 are bullish on $XAI318K. I’ll say no more.
So recently I started buying $XAI318K during its presale. I am up $23K should I sell now or hold??
and is it full of people or empty nowadays?
A RARE MAN  WITH INTEGRITY
If you wanted to invest successfully with $5,000 today in different crypto's, put 60% into $XAI318K, 30% into Bitcoin, and 10% into SUI.
We really need to stop coddling grow adults who think magic and fairy tales are real.
Who would have thought, religious ego would cause thousands to risk their lives.
What do you think happened the moment he knew ?? Idk but im about to have an anxiety attack just watching!
Im up 105% on my $XAI318K. Only wish I had was grabbing more right now. When will this coin go mainstream?
BTC..$XAI318K..XRP..SUI..ALL SHIPS❤❤
anyone with money can and will do damage... its only a question of when and not if
What a great story.  Thanks for the video!
Confused by one part. If they did the welds as originally planned instead of the bolts, everything would have been ok?
Only cowards hide their mistakes and choose to refuse to talk about it.
I’m curious if there were ever gauges attached to the building to see how much it actually moves in certain conditions.  We should always be learning and curious how to make things better.
That intro really should be changed, give more credit to Diane Hartly
The engineering required on this tower was unnecessarily complicated and endangered the lives of many.  Undoubtedly the pinnacle of the architects career but at what cost?  Next time you want to build a revolutionary design that could topple, don’t try in nearly the most populated city on earth.  Such hubris and luck that it didn’t end in tragedy.
Ethics education is common for those becoming attorneys and CPAs.  But, I think it's lacking for other professions.
The best part is that I live less than a mile away 😊
When you left out the name of the student near the beginning, my alarms started going off. As I watched the video on one side, I'm researching on the other and confirming my recollection: Diane Hartley.  I begin writing a reply calling down the orbiting avenging angels over the omission.  Then, all the way at the end, you covered the student.  </little dog growling noises>
Fascinating, thank you
A bit long but good video
It’s crazy that the architects and engineers already reduced the budget through smart design and thoughtful planning. Then some other people in the firm got cheap and chose to cut more by using bolts instead of welds.
The first person to discover the fatal flaw in the design of the Citicorp Center (now known as Citigroup Center) in New York was a civil engineering student named Diane Hartley in 1978.  At the time, Diane was writing her thesis on the building and realized there was a serious potential problem with the structure regarding quartering winds — wind coming from diagonal directions — something that hadn’t been fully accounted for in the original design.  Her findings led William LeMessurier, the building’s chief structural engineer, to investigate further. After digging into it, LeMessurier himself confirmed there was a critical weakness in the bolted joints of the building’s frame, which could cause the tower to collapse under strong diagonal winds.
I want to point out a small mistake in the video at 10:50, the tower on the left is the Sears Tower, not the "Willis Tower".
Hold on, you're telling me an engineer and an architect cut out the other 3 corners of the building's base just because they could? I'm not an engineer or architect but I just don't believe that
Honestly, should have kept the Gothic church... that church looks terrible... better off just taking the church apart and moving it keeping and fixing the same style.
Pretty sure B1M covered this ages ago..
Why destroy the church. It was nice.   Man the US is obsessed with killing everything nice and replacing it with ugly garbage.
Isn’t this a reupload?
Man, this is like watching a movie! 🎬 Goosebumps and chills! What a good production and storytelling, @veritasium! 👍
20:10 🤨 I'm sorry...what?? Contemplating sewer slide is one thing -- considering doing it via a terrorist act is entirely another!
I watched a documentary on the World Trade Center. They were supposed to be tested for the "500 Year Hurricane 🌀" or "500 Year Earthquake 🫨".  It was mentioned that the "500 Year Airplane ✈️" was not thought of.  So no one considered these factors?
Isn't this the plot of that episode from Numbers ?
Thanks Derek
I'm at the Dampers part right now, I had just a random thought: Could it not be possible to use this system to harness and convert the motions into energy?
No mention of Diane Hartley or Lee DeCarolis until 30 minutes into a 35 minute video?
Americans that don't use freedom units shouldn't be able to vote.
The real crime was the design of the church.
Shoulda built on its more stable plan: the so called Citigroup "pyramid" scheme. An amatue on the street who's done a few moments of legos and later on Jenga could have s0otted how poorly designed the building was.
After all the stuff covering this I was waiting for ya to cover it!
Question so if they welded it from the beginning could this have been avoided? or the building needed refortification regardless to stand against the wind
The video thumbnail is awful and betrays the truth of the matter.
the title and the thumbnail changed like three times wholy
The intro to the video is not correct.  The architect designed and built this building.  A student saw the problem afterwards.  He had nothing to do with finding the problem.
you changed the thumbnail! "A student's question saved this building" ! ill still watch though
Its telling that employees were not asked to take a few days off to accelerate the repair work or even made aware of the problems with the building even as they worked in there. Guess the insurance payout on the 1000s of lives lost was smaller than the PR risk to LeMessurier's firm
You guys changed the title of this video like 3 times now?
LaMeasure claims to be this super ethical person for not sweeping this under the rug, and kudos to him for not doing that, however IMHO not informing the workers in the building and other affected members of the public of this risk WAS an unethical breech of his professional responsibility.
55 water st ny -  fraud contained there
Seriously You would think  the  'chair middle legs' analogy would have nipped the whole idea in the bud.
That church got done dirty. I’m not a religious man but if I was god I would be pissed at that design.
Financial corporation tower over a church gotta be somekind of American symbolism
Yeah, who would have thought that rigging the trin towers would kill 3000 people.
Fun Fact, LeMessurier in french means roughly "the guy who measure".... Ironic coming from an architech.
It's of course praiseworthy that LeMessurier corrected his mistake instead of running from it, but I don't think it's as praiseworthy that they hid the project or the danger from the public. What exactly is the harm from "terror" or "panic" that LeMessurier was proud of averting? If done carefully, I don't think telling people the building was unsafe would have caused anyone to be crushed in a stampede. The thousands of people in the building should be allowed to make their own decisions about whether it's worth going to work for 6 weeks in a building with (conservatively) a 1/100 chance of collapsing this year. If this is presented as a shining example of engineering ethics, I think engineering ethics should have *higher* standards.
28:25 - hello Rehoboam my old friend
Extra problems always add innovation.
Along with the Tacoma Narrows Bridge, the Kansas City Hyatt Regency mezzanine, this case study is taught as a cautionary tale in engineering school.
I thought that flaw was discovered by a young woman studying engineering????? I can’t remember her name.  Sorry spoke before the end it was Diane.
Lotta people talking abt the old church here. the deal here is that it was the early 70s, and the big craze sweeping through all the christian denominations was modernism and reform. this included, among other things, getting rid of anything that looked "old". many bland unappealing churches were built over the course of the following decade or two due to this tendency - many beautiful old buildings either torn down or at least hollowed out.
God chose mercy that day when the hurricane changed dirrections.
As a programmer, the fact that we call our profession "software engineering" is pretty hilarious given this context.
LeMessiurier taken were not accurate enough, one could say.
New church is so much uglier than the old one
that looks so bad 1:30
why are we still bending over backward for churches
You're really kicking Mark Rober's butt with videos like this. Phenomenal science and engineering education, advocacy...
Gees Louis, this thumbnail and tile changed like four times in one day.
I would have said to the church You have to give reasonable democrable testable evidence that what you believe is reality. Cuz religion is dumb
This is literally what happens when you cut corners.
This all started because someone decided to save money by switching from welds to bolts without telling the engineer, resulting in an expensive fix.
I know you're probably catering to your largest viewer base. But could you provide kN conversions as well?? Now I have to pause the video to convert from tons...
i mean   not telling people was incredibly irresponsible no matter how you slice it   'we didn't want people to be scared'   sure; and if the building had collapsed, i'm sure those people would much prefer to have been scared than dead   it's also an incredibly arrogant attitude. like, i wonder how lemessurier or his employers at citicorp would feel if they discovered if they had been driving around super unsafe cars and the manufacturers just secretly fixed those cars while the men slept. would they appreciate not being panicked or would they be upset at the deception and the jeopardy they had been put in and then left in with no warning?
IVE HAD 12 ADs in THE FIRST 15 minutes OF THIS VIDEO. This is RIDICULOUS!!!
IMO, the Gothic church was beautiful. Everything that replaced it is ugly. I'm thinking they lied about the condition of the old church. Churches in Europe last for centuries.
I remember watching a documentary on this.  In it, they attribute a student with pointing out the issue.
Buddy I guarantee you weren’t the only one in the world that knew that, look at that thing…..
Why don't they just rotate the tower 45 degrees? Then the stilts would be at the corner.
Its remarkable that the hero in this story is NOT Diane Hartley. Yes, LeMeissurier made a mistake and yes, he owned up to it; yes, that needs to be taught to students. But no, he should not be glorified for correcting an oversight that could have cost the lives of 1000s of people.   By keeping the story under wraps for years afterward, he deprived the city of NY from editing the building code for quarterning winds.  His actions and that of his firm were driven by PR risk than the worry for the loss of life. While not causing panic when the repairs were in progress can be 'moral' (wtf!), not calling attention to it after the fact says a lot about what mattered to that man.  And the lesson should've been, don't hesitate to question decisions even if people who know more than you made them!   Wonder how building codes all over the country would change if accidents like this were investigated like the NTSB investigates air crashes and releases a public report...
The church protected the building during the storm. Sent the storm to Canada. Boy can engineers be arrogant - they think they are heroes for doing "the right thing" (things they are required to do anyway).
Old crumbling gothic church.....?   Yeah sure let's just replace it with a identityless building of steel and glass.
There is no excuse to not tell about it to the public. What are they, a gods? Only people themselves should decide about their lives and if they are ok with the risks.
Nice to see Vsauce on the thumbnail
Shame to take away such a beautiful church
This building reminds me of a building in San Francisco. Wish I could remember the name of it. Someone will know
Why would they remove that beautiful church?... So much history
How did it get past planning LMFAO
~70 mphs. he would have designed this to whatever new york wind speed maps showed and you can bet it was not in km/hr
1:40 only the Protestants would make a church that ugly
Many times I've stood underneath this building and wondered why they forgot the bottom.  The inspiring story of taking responsibility for an oversight and correcting it immediately unfortunately now makes me think of all the buildings in china that are  crumbling like cottage cheese days after completion.  Those ARE falling down, and there are no fixes for fake rebar or concrete with the strength of plaster.  A seriously distressing thought.  I know dissing China is in vogue, but this started long ago.
They’re praying people will like someone else in front of the camera. The hosts of these channels must be so frustrated they can’t spin things off to another host and get the same success. Especially when you get real big and wanna sell and/or step away. Good luck!
Just imagining people watching this from inside that building.
No mention of the student that discovered the error, just as lemessiure wanted
Men like LeMessurier don't come by too often.   Honestly, too many mistakes go unchecked to "save reputation".  I find it astounding, admitting mistakes and engineering a fix isn't the higher standard and no-brainer for building trust.   It is a problem in the west. I'm an engineer. I would absolutely (and have done) admit a mistake and fix it before disaster. And I believe this is key to the trust that my clients have for my work.
I’m so glad they didn’t vilify him
Did Pharao requested any wind study ?
I tend to trust people/companies that have a track record of quickly acknowledging and fixing their mistakes, than a company with a "perfect track record" you have to be breaking the rules or hiding something maintain a perfect record
The thumbnail said "how is this allowed"?  It was allowed because of excellence in engineering, because of the strength of steel.  Nothing wrong with the design, the construction was not done to spec and that is what caused the issue.
thank you for making a video about this. your vids are more easier to understand
I watch Facinating Horror, who tends to cover buildong disasters, and it is amazing how many are due in part or in while to cost cutting in building, like Sunvalley Mall or Ronan Point.  I can see why this is taught in ethics classes as an example of what to do.
Not looking for the phone-call-student was a dick move. Diane (or Lee) should have been called to shake hands and meet the building/engineers, everybody.
“I thought hurricane season was over!”
Contender for ugliest church ever.
Who paid for the repairs?
I’ve heard the details of this story for many years. Not telling anyone in the public has always struck me as unconscionable. Stealing the choice of individuals to weigh the odds themselves is a moral failure of the highest order.
I don't understand why he was so afraid of being humiliated by this.or having his reputation tarnished. His design said the supports were to be welded. It's not his fault they used bolts instead.
We replaced this gorgeous historic church with a grey monopoly piece
Heh, I worked there in the 90's. Had never heard this before.
21:20 - 21:50  Have an unsafe building - decide that it's more important to restrict repairs to evening hours to keep your employees working. Rather than just closing the building and running 24-hour operations to get the repairs done faster, they actually planned for a potential building collapse because they extended the duration of repairs. Definitely a Bank
"Father of the tuned mass damper??" Not so fast there mister. Perhaps in modern buildings, but Japanese temples from hundreds of years ago were made with such designs, without requiring electricity to operate. Where was he when the decision to change his design from welding to bolts in the first place? Did he not do any visual inspection of his building as it was being built? Or was that below his station?
Not even 2 minutes in and I'm mad. I'm sorry but they did what with that stunning gothic church...? And that is a suitable replacement...? That thing looks like a trashcan now. I'm not religious but I love architecture and this is a cultural disaster. Words can not express how much I hate this efficient blocky architecture of today. Modern brutalistic throw up.
3:56 bro just zoom out a bit, dont move the camera back and forth , i got dizzy watching that
it is never a great idea to travel with your main phone over abraded
Ugh..... an engineer's worst nightmare.
0:49 75y, what is a building's life expectancy? can the real problem be shadow on the church?  when someone try to control but get as answer F...U.
This is so typical, putting costs over lives. Our society is doomed if you have to fix such a serious problem secretly, instead of not living in fear of telling this to make fixing it highest priority. ... And everything because an ugly church. People are so f****** stupid. The whole story is so shameful.
I just did an Engineering in society course where this was mentioned 😂😂. We were talking about the canons of engineering ethics. What are the odds. Watching this further it also applies differential equations which I also just did
all of this for an ugly building
It's by no means the first, nor will it be the last time this will apply... If there were never a church, there would never have been an issue.
Imagine not considering wind at a 45 degree angle to the sides….. like wtf, imaging sitting on a chair with supports in the middle of each side, it’s falling over diagonally
It's good that he fixed the mistake, but it was reckless to do it while it was still in service with the employees unaware of the risks.  Seems like while he wanted to do the right thing, he didn't really want to own the responsibility of owning the problem head on.
"Lawsuit, bankruptcy and professional ruin" Yeah, or lives lost and prison for criminal negligence
Demolishing that church and replacing it with what they did should be both a sin and a crime.
FYI: 13:22 Boston's Back Bay - construction of Back Bay Hilton Hotel.
AI would of fixed this.
cool but I already knew about this :D
To carry out such construction work during the night would be absolutely impossible to perfectly mask from the office workers the next day.   I struggle to believe that the occupants of the building did not know that major work was going on from the beginning.
how many of you checked your phone at 23:00 during that ad-read? like how many of you have that same ringtone? lol
It's a little funny that this was all caused by a death cult making demands.
That old church was STUNNING 😢
The building will still collapse in a hurricane!
Amazing that they only tell the name of the one who discovered the problem at the very end. This story is not right!
The church they tore down looks way nicer than the new one they built.
The church? Oh, this already looks like a school example of something biblical... 😃🙆
what is the students name jesus christ it wasnt his mans accomplisment it was the students. I dont wanna hear about some dramatic bs about this engineer who got it wrong, WHAT ABOUT THE STUDENT
Me ssu ri er - four syllables Derek. If your pronunciation is how he pronounced his name, fair enough, but sad that his family has lost touch with their French roots.
I just first heard about this yesterday in a short by an unrelated channel
Love all the Christians in the comments coming out as people who only worship displays of wealth. Yeah, you're really following Jesus's methods by getting angry at something fancy being replaced with something basic and easier to maintain. I can think of ways to make it look better, but I really don't think that should matter.
32:03 I just came home from the kingsday celebration, still sitting in my orange outfit watching this and all of a sudden i see a huge dutch flag on a building in Manhattan. That made me smile :)
This building is like a person going to gym 24/7. Can't be good for the bones... I mean structures in later days.😅
The church they replaced that beautiful gothic Architecture with is depressing. Its dulling. The previous one was a work of art.
27:02 what is with the music here?! It’s like you’re saying “yay America!!” We got ridiculously lucky; this is horrifying, being an American and knowing these kinds of things are happening here is terrifying!! 😅
Why didn't they just rotate the building a quarter turn and then all the corners would be on a stilt? The whole design seems unnecessarily complicated because of the insurance for it to be squared with the city block.
That new church ugly af, especially considering they demolished a gorgeous landmark for it.
This is hands down the dumbest problem to have, we need you to make room for head space for our fan fiction book club meeting hall.
they should've kept the Gothic church what a monstrosity the new one is
The irony of an Asian pagoda temple dampening system from hundreds of years ago becomes the saving grace of new skyscraper design isn't lost here.
28:24 that's how you design a dampener, one that is not reliant on electricity 😅
Outstanding video, had never heard of the building or of the engineer I'm happy to learn about the situation
This man joined the ranks of the gods...
I preferred the beautiful old church, by far. And then they rebuilt it as if to look as  anti-traditional as possible. Chattering architect class strikes again even so many decades ago.
He didn't really think that far through because the beams were meant to be full beams, and correct welding should've gave it the strength they needed.  But then because some bozo assumed bolts are fine, and then calculated EXACTLY how much they need instead of considering confidence intervals, it became a terrifying nightmare.  That's why we're taught so much damn probability theory, and it's not just good enough to eyeball things.
So many engineering disaster to learn from...... e.g. Tacoma Bridge, Comet Window, Hyatt Walkway, Challenger Seals 1986, Mars Orbiter 1999 using Metric & Imperial Units, Titanic, Concorde, Hindenburg.  So few escaped with a solution in time..... e.g. Apollo 13, Hubble Mirror flaw, Millennium Bridge.  Please do 'Perkin Elmer' involvement with Hubble Telescope and the fixes NASA come up with.
Civil engineer when there’s movement:
the real gurus don't hide. These guys did great work, and showed the value of steel can do anything with changes..good or bad.  Steel is a funny thing. I can't even weld my truck without a self declared guru opinion. These guys must have had serious outside pressure.
Now ask the question: how has climate change increased the risk of all the new buildings in New York and other major cities? Especially those with super modern designs. Note that some of the NYC “pencil” buildings are facing tenants revolts and low occupancy due to cracks and water damage. Are these going to cause progressive weakening of the structures as time goes on? The wind speed of the biggest storms is going up. Is a 1,000-year storm still that? Or are there risks in many under-engineered buildings like 161 Maiden Lane?  Veritassium would do a public service by asking questions beyond the obvious.
are you out of topics??  this is OLD NEWS THAT HAS BEEN COVERED BY HALF THE ENGINEERING THE CHANNELS
I understand the feeling at a fraction of this lemeasure ( i know i just butured that spelling) being a fitter and welder.  Its the feeling if uve ever finished a project and realized u mightve forgotten to get a qc check after its already left the building...Horrible feeling
In this video the importance of the student who discovered the mistake was highly diminished!
Imagine being able to make a call and get new telephone lines installed starting the next day 😮
0:40 These are the situations that separate scientist from frauds.  It is like when you are about to publish a manuscript in which you have worked the whole year, and doing the tenth routine revision of all your results you notice this time that there is a minus sign missing in one of your scripts to plot the data, and when corrected, your manuscript falls apart.  I have been in that situation last year and I can tell you that I stayed immobile for 5 minutes, not even thinking, just feeling my heart pound as if it was trying to break my rib cage. I needed that manuscript to apply for the position I wanted, and with this revelation, basically my life plans had been destroyed. But after 5 minutes I did what I had to do. I called my supervisor, I told him about the situation and that I would inform him by the end of the day hopefully of the full extend of the damage. Once evaluated, I would email the very prestigious journal in my field which had already accepted the paper for publication, and retract it. For two hours I was just a destroyed man, but I knew that I was doing what was right. Not just because I knew that it was right, but because scientific integrity is one of those things that you only get once, and if you destroy, you will never fully recover it, if you recover any of it at all. Just like someone's trust. From an honorable perspective, which is the one I hope I was taking, I was doing it because I am ultimately doing science for the good of Humanity and publishing wrong results is antithesis to my goal. But even from a selfish perspective, it is better to endure the momentary soul-crushing experience, than to be caught and relegated to a life of ostracism.  We scientist sometimes joke that just before publishing something, we do not want to look to much more into our results so as to not find something wrong. Because if you publish something wrong unknowingly, you just need to own it publicly and retract those results. But once you know, there is no going back to be "unaware".  The conclusion of the story is actually of elation. Myself from the past knew that I would do this and that, so I already took that minis sign into account (not literally a minus sign, but it can happen sometimes), so once you go through the whole process you get not only the correct result, but a better result that you would get by keeping the "minus sign" in its original place, instead of taking it into account later. I was almost crying when I called my supervisor to tell him that everything was right, that I found why there was no "minus sign" there.  The first lesson to learn: It is always better both for your honor and your career to endure the momentary sorrow and soul-crushing experience, than to live a life of shame and shunning from your community. The second lesson to learn: Never read in diagonal for a final cross-check. Yourself from the past probably did something clever that yourself from today is not going to catch it at first and you are going to have a heart attack. If you are doing a final cross-check, do it careful and step by step. Your heart can only take a few of these before needing an ambulance.
such an ugly building
The real lesson is that ethics require competence. Squawking the problem was expected, but the steps he took in solving the problem were exemplary.
Demolishing a gorgeous old church with some steel panels should be a crime.
Don't show us Henry again
"Old Gothic crumbling building" - proceeds to replace a beautiful structure with one of the most horrendous buildings imaginable.
LeMessurier didn't screw up, his engineering called for welds. The greedy company he worked at screwed up by not following the engineering specs and trying to save money by using bolts without notifying or consulting the engineer who designed it. Things are usually done a certain way on purpose, and not asking why often leads to problems.
i heard about it before, i saw a short made about the same building just yesterday is there any reason this story got so popular everyone has to make a video about it?
In an effort to cut costs they risked 10k+ lives and billions of damages. They withheld the truth and weren't prepared to do anything to save lives until it actually fell. They didnt tell anyone and it wasnt until the press reported this "hero" that the government changed policies meaning up until then other buildings weren't taking corner winds into account. Corruption of corporations at its finest. Nobody was held responsible so its only a matter of time before a disaster strikes as all these buildings age.
LeMessurier didn’t measure
Flixy 5 is making big moves quietly — real heads are watching.
You still have time to make Flixy5 your smartest 2025 play.
All the signals are pointing at Flixy5. Don't sleep — these setups don't repeat.
If you understand entry points, Flixy5 is giving one right now.
That new church is ugly. A shame they tore down the old one.
This is honestly a great story, and would make a terriffic Oppenheimer-style film.
Jeez, how does the french surname Measurier (Meh-soor-yeah) change into Measurer? That's a shame.
Every day more eyes are turning toward Flixy5 — the wave is building.
wow! so gripping🤯
@21:50 , so basically all of the officials in New York kept it a secret , and just let people risk there lives completely unknowingly. I wonder if anything has changed, or are people still living in buildings just waiting to collapse?
That was a really excellent video Derek thank you
There’s no great winning achievement without a big failure or a bit of theater!!!
Stupid church
imagine how many buildings are about to collapse in the world right now just because the main engineer/architect didn't want to take blame for it
It's fascinating that there wasn't the bureaucratic or authoritarian gatekeeping in this case - an undergraduate student could access design data of a cutting-edge building and even directly contact the engineer who designed it. Whether this was unique to that era or just differs from experiences in countries like South Korea, that level of openness and accessibility in engineering is quite remarkable.
this story is naother proof that the worth enemy of human kind is corporate greed
Has anyone tried to make electricity off one of those systems?
I’m struggling to see the success in this success story. Sounds more like a story of negligence that had no consequence only by chance.   Plus the engineering beauty is worthless when the building is an eyesore of this proportions
Fun good to name him "The measure"
They destroyed a beautiful church and they build a box...
From the point of view of engineering, reference the presentations by Prof. Tyler Ley five and six years ago. Credit where credit is due. Not an anonymous student. Give her a name: Diane Hartley.  From the point of view of ethics, LeMesure was derelict in his duty to consider the effects of all reasonable forms of stress and to oversee all the conditions his firm agreed to. There is a reason for a PE seal. He was the engineer of record. The myth of “noble Bill “ is just B.S.
How on earth did his firm move ahead with bolts replacing welds without consulting him first? Is report-contact-consult not a thing in the US?
The Taipei 101 has a massive damper system like this that anyone can go and see. It’s awesome. I believe it’s already helped in earthquakes and storms.
It is pretty amazing the kind of disasters they feared aren't happening once in a while. People make mistakes.
I'll take welds over bolts all day. Safety should be the highest concern but its always runner up to the dollar. Good video, thanks.
I kind of hate how reticent the players involved are willing to talk about this. Its a big deal. This is how we want all people with any amount of power to act. When your results fall short of your promise you come forward with an apology and a solution.
beautiful old gothic church replaced with a concrete cube....
The newspaper clipping at 10:45 text reads "...making it the eigth tallest in the world."  However at 10:48 the voice over states that the new Citicorp skyscraper is the 11th tallest in the world.  So which is true?
Absolutely love your videos. Also very much love the illustrations you have in your videos. You should make a video on the history of physics; Give every major contributing physicist (and some hidden gems) their own arcs and illustrations in a long-form video. I'd watch that!
He said "old, crumbling church", meanwhile, churches have stood in Europe for >1000y without any special maintenance.  Just say that it was a mistake.
Biggest lost here is the old church  being replaced by that ugly thing instead of getting renovated
I’d like to know more about the emergency response plan. If the hurricane did hit New York, would shattering every window sufficiently reduce the wind load because it could just blow straight through the building?
You should do one of these videos on The Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. A disaster held back every so many years. The building is required to be shored up due to it being a disaster of course. Maybe designed by these hon human like architects in your video as well. The need for fame and profit over safety is insane with these men. The fact the main guy was truly inept and kept being that guy is insane.
There were a bunch of homeless people there whenever I went by there the other day, lmao.
dude every time I see that building i wonder why anyone would think this is a good idea , glad(?) to know I'm right
There are people who say large cities are the future.  They like to be critical of suburban life. While they are critical of suburbia, they completely ignore the problem of large cities.
reminds me of how the Grand Canyons' Pinyon Plain Uranium Mine EIS got approved.      No engineer can be expected to design a tailings pond that would withstand an Act Of God flood event (their words not mine)      so go right ahead. You've been grandfathered in
NO,NO It was Diane Hartley an undergrad at Princeton who began asking questions about the building and the math. She is the one who discovered it.
It did not have a 100% chance of collapse within a century. That is a wild misunderstanding of probabilities and engineering design.
Finally a though version of this building. I have seen a couple but they only covered the basics.
Excelente video, y totalmente de acuerdo con la opinión de LeMessurier respecto a que como profesional tienes una responsabilidad social y debes reaccionar y hacer algo al respecto para corregir errores que afecten las vidas de muchas personas. Esto también es valido para la práctica de otras profesiones como medicina por ejemplo.
The most surprising part of this is that LeMessurier considered the option of killing himself, and then letting thousands of people die in the next big storm, as possibly a better option than facing embarrassment and saving thousands of lives, including his own! Do some people really feel that shame is worse than death? A video on that aspect of psychology would be interesting.
How did this building ever get built. This is so dumb haha
This is a story that shows that inexperienced people can see solutions that experienced people dont see, because their minds arent hardwired to habitual thoughtprocesses
Pretty sure the most dangerous buildings were the twin towers but alright
super boujee problems. I had other people do my work for me and they did it wrong is my life
Today the warning came in the flood Architects and fools never cared for poor men's blood Cursed to repeat the past they are The river dragon swims upstream, they've built another wall  The three will save us from the flood Washed away we drown The three will fall  The river dragon has come, souls wash away The earth has spoken and taken them to their graves  Those who cannot remember the last Fall away, far away The distance meets its task  The three will save us from the flood Washed away we drown The three will fall  The river dragon has come, souls wash away The earth has spoken and taken them to their graves  The river dragon has come at first light of dawn The earth has spoken and in the crush they are gone  The three will save us from the flood Washed away we drown The three will fall  The river dragon has come, souls wash away The earth has spoken and taken them to their graves  In the mass destruction the bringer shows his form Technology of beast, the seventh crown
Damn it's so crazy how recently diagonal wind was invented
If this is about Manhattan why are we using lost war units? Need to know how many bald eagles per second this all is.
This would never get done in time today. The lawyers would have shutdown the communication to CitiCorp and trying to get workers to come in and fix things and move it back would be impossible. The cost for overtime would have killed the project. Now they would tear the building down, use immanent domain to kick out the church and start over.
the fact that church had to be uncovered was only pastor idea or it was dictated by something else?
99pi had a great episode on this, with a nice witty title as they do.
Toppling seems like a problem no ? Dominoes
1:39 My God that church looked beautiful, don`t get me wrong, I understand and respect the engineering feat of the new one, but saddens me know that beauty was taken down for the new one : (
i thought this was mvm from the title
My high school orchestra performed a concert in the atrium of the Citicorp building in March of 1999. That was fun. Our conductor who was originally from NYC said it was kind of a big deal for people to stop what they're doing to listen - being New York and all.
how many different versions of titles and thumbnails do exist for this video? i saw like 4
"so thats the shear on the building. What we call the 'building shear'"  Wow man where do they come up with this crazy terminology.
This is NYC after all.Every thing, including human lives, can be "settled" for some money.
The biggest crime was the downgrade on the look of that church
They knowingly put thousands of people at risk for months without telling them under the guise of avoiding a panic which is absurd. They could have announced the problem, evacuated, and fixed the problem.
No way I literally saw another video made about this and now you’re covering it.
nah, not interseted in veritasium producers and engineers presenting content: I predict you 're now vsauceifying... bye
There is a video somewhere in these ads!
Lemessurier is the perfect surname for a architect
So, if they welded it, like the initial plan stated and not cheap out with bolts, it would have worked?
In 1997 it wasn't the Willis Tower.  The graphic should've used the original moniker of Sears Tower.  I'm from the Chicago area and may be a little biased.
I can't believe engineers were only calculating wind coming from 4 directions 😂
he was praised. aftyer all that coverup and putting thousands of peoples lives in danger to save face. the us is a hell of a place
Both buildings are so fugly. What were they thinking about the church. They could've just strengthened the church building, now it looks like a clump of rubbish.
1st rule of engineering: measure twice, cut once
It was a FEMALE student who identified this problem. Kinda sexist to obscure that point.
This is like the third rename this video had
Hm, here's one way to spin it. 'We saved 5-6mil going from welds to bolts, but that was a mistake and it will cost 4-5mil to repair it, you must do it or 1000's of people will die.'
Awesome video
A call for ethical behavior in this era is like a whisper in a hurricane.
Title and thumbnail changed 3 times in 3 hours... Maybe more
Was this his mistake?  He didn’t even know they had not welded the trusses together.
"The Mot Dangerous Building in Manhattan" "TICKING TIMEBOMB" -- Shameful. I expect better of you. Use the past tense when it's past tense.
Admitting to a mistake is humiliating. But not as humiliating as letting your mistake turn into a disaster. This seems like common sense wisdom yet sadly it is too often lacking.
The most important rule in engineering is that "everything that can fail, will fail". Six, seven and eight sigma exist for this very exact reason.
I don't think it was LeMessurier's mistake. He specified welds, and other engineers substituted bolts without consulting or even informing him.
Only 23 seconds in but the engineer did NOT discover his error. An intern did if I remember correctly
What wasn't explained was why the Tuned Mass Damper required electrical power to function. The theoretical explanation implied they are passive devices.
The "student" in question wasn't one, but two. The issue was raised by an undergraduate engineering student, Diane Hartley. Also, this wasn't just a random query, it was a consequence of her senior thesis. Another student, Lee DeCarolis, contacted him too, who is who LeMessurier mentions in the clip.  Both should probably be mentioned.
wait i saw a meme about this a few months back 👀
As someone with over 25 years in Architecture & design, this story had me audibly gasp MANY times hahaha 😅
For all those saying he's not a hero, if you ever find yourselves in a situation like this, you'll realise how much courage it actually takes to do what he did.
Today it seems like the first question would be: "What about the shareholders?"  "Would this affect this quarter's numbers?" How far do companies like these think ahead? A year? Five years? Are these profit priorities the current milieu?   I guess they ignore 20 years down the line rather than just five because decisions being made now for the sake of shareholders and for the sake of profits would seem to spell disaster with global warming effects and ecosystem services failures. [?]  I hope this is not the case.
A lighter building is not more “sway-able” or flexible.  It’s stiffness is not related to its weight, only to its structure.
LeMessurier's greatest contribution was owning the mistake and not burying it. Furthermore, he publicized it and taught us all that you can fix mistakes of epic proportions.  A huge amount of the population would be overwhelmed by the nature of the discovery and simply bury their head in the sand hoping that the series of events (wind speed, angle etc.) doesn't happen in your lifetime.
Imagine replacing that gothic style cathedral with whatever the heck that new church is
This shows that people should be given a second chance after making mistakes. Experimentation is also necessary to solve those mistakes.
“We have to replace this beautiful, magnificent, gothic style church with something much worse!”
Ancient Rome was famous for building things that would last.  I believe in ancient Rome the architect would have been given a statue honoring him.  Where is his statue today. Thanks Veratasium for bringing this story. We need more people to be more like him.  I think its important.
Diane Hartley found this issue first - do you fact checks first
amazing how contractors can do work on the steel beams of a building without anyone noticing.....
I just saw a YouTube short about this yesterday 🤯
It takes a hero to admit a mistake before you ever know if youll be caught
Nothing says business like a ghost on stilts!!!!
26:45 🇨🇦 You're welcome 🇨🇦
Damn,  they could have had it attached to the ground with columns on all of the other three corners (besides where the church was?)
so it wasn't his mistake, but an intentional assholery someone made to save money
Well if they welded the joints as originally planned instead of using bolts there would have been no scare. So, the original design was good. The change order to use bolts made design a failure.
Removing the gothic church was a tragedy
Criminal that Diane Heartly wasn’t brought on.  Picked up in the dead of night by chinook helicopters and a stern looking Col. Forest Whittaker.
The original designer should have been very upset, not so much at himself, but at the geniuses that substituted under-designed bolted connections instead of welded ones, and never sought his approval.
Lemessieur briefly considered killing himself to avoid responsibility lol
im so tired of seeing channels change names and thumbnails for views...
The fact that it wasn't in their nature to "think ab diagonal wind," certainly hasn't played Jenga. The very first thing I was thinking of looking at the video cover was diagonal wind
Why are architects afraid of making beautiful buildings?
A weak Midwest tornado has stronger winds than 200km/h
"We didn't tell anyone to avoid panic."  Rightttttttt... definitely not the risk to reputation, lawsuits, and legal consequences. It was the 'good-will' in their hearts. 🤢
Why was this man never given the Presidential Medal of Freedom??
Gotta love tearing down beautiful gothic architecture for a triangle. The minimalist aesthetic is horrid and detrimental to our mental health
The pendulum solution was used in Japan in the 1960's
Form of function just to make a statement for himself.
22:00 Wow, city sized dominos for the sake of architectural choice, when they could just taken out that one corner and left the others and everything would be fine, haha
I have witnessed the title change 3 times.
Nice video, I went through civil engineering (structural sub-specialty)  in the mid 1970's at a Canadian university prior to the events in this episode. After graduation I went into a different branch of engineering. The architecture/structural complexity wave was really just beginning back then. We had a guest lecturer describe the design and construction of the CN Tower in Toronto. The topic of engineering lifespan of structures came up. My question of how you bring down a structure at the end of its service life was met with a blank stare. The problem I see with modern structures is the old form versus function debate. To become a successful architect you need to innovate and create complexity. I pity future generations who will have to deal with decommissioning these structures. I often wonder if this issue is addressed within modern practice and building codes. Maybe it is as simple as reversing the order of everything you did to build in the first place. With post-tensioning cables and grouting this probably is not feasible.
Citicorp destroying lives would be nothing new to them.
1:40 That "Old crumbling gothic church" looks 100x more beautiful and authentic than the new one. The new one just looks like a surrealist minecraft block.
Save money for what? If you have money to build a skyscraper, why does money become an issue?
Suspension bridge by another name
What a selfish church
They destroyed that beautiful gothic church and replace it with something that looks like a futuristic bunker
We studied this as part of an Ethics in Engineering course. An interesting example of accountability and communication.  We spent a great deal of time discussing the decision to conduct the work at night, without informing the public. Was it the right decision?  I generally think so as it could have created more panic and delayed the changes.  However, others in my class (and I see their point) just saw it as a way to avoid getting sued.  At its core, it highlights the difficulty in communicating technical problems to the general population. It creates what I see as a modern issue in science: "trust the science" vs anti-establishment sentiments.  For example, the COVID mitigation measures and vaccine; where scientists scrambled to meet a pandemic. I am sure students will sit in ethics courses studying these efforts, now with the benefit of hindsight.
Eww was that AI?
The building and church looks like something from the great film "Cube". The Empire State Building is still dope.
I wonder why they didn't do finite element analysis
lowkey this doesn’t seem like his fault. his team just decided to change it to save money by not welding it without telling him.
Imagine the employees who work in that building today, seeing this video is gonna put the doubt in their mind.
Engineers for the world trade center specifically said they were engineered to withstand a Boeing 747 impact.  Larry Silverstein (yes that's his real name ) always ate breakfast at the world trade center since acquiring him . One month prior to the towers being hit he was the first man to successfully take out terrorism insurance on the world trade center with took over 107 companies to pool the money together to pay him off . The pass ports of the terrorist that where conveniently found on the floor all had addresses to naval bases in the United States . The plane that struck the Pentagon destroyed the files of  2.3 trillion dollars that could not be tracked the day before 9/11  Also a third tower because it got to hot ....
Within the first couple minutes of this video, I guessed that the issue would be diagonal winds. My reasoning was completely wrong, but somehow I actually had the right idea.
it always puzzles me when smart people think havoc can be wrecked
Everybody just hated the substitution of the OLD BASED GOTIC CHURCH for the BETA MODERNE one...... except from that, it was incredible you guys at Veritasium shared this amazing story
If we could just stop people from being greedy it would've never happened in the first place.
1/16 per year, for a whole building collapse is too damn high!
Please redo the title an thumbnail a few times more
Lots of people keep saying "this isn't a heroic act at all, it's just being professional" and oh boy how i know so many "professionals" i've encountered and would run away faster like a deadbeat father when something goes wrong, even at the slightest.   That's why it's heroic. He could've run away and he didn't. And he saved lives.
Dafaq was the church thinking
"Why not build a skyscraper on stilts?" seems like a sarcastic response that an engineer or contractor would give to an architect
GOVERNMEMT/CORPORATE PSYOP TO PROMOTE WOMEN IN ENGINEERING.
Imagine signing up for what seems like a typical welding job but they make you sign an NDA and you have to sneak into the building through the back door after the office workers left. I wonder if those guys were getting paid for their silence.
The fact that this building was repaired in secret proves that the WTC could have been wired for demolishing without anyone knowing prior to the attacks
17:30 Yikes! 4 bolts instead of 14 that's a gross miscalculation for sure!
Ahhh yes, church and stare are seperate.  Christians always acting like the nazi's they cry about.  Find me a more hypocritical cult...
I'm not even close to being a structural engineer and even I never would have thought in a million years that building would ever be safe.
the biggest tragedy was rebuilding the church
He didn't discover the floor a girl who studied the building as part of her engineering assistantment at university desicovered it
LeMeasured it wrong
Doing the very bare minimum necessary to fulfil moral responsibility and even then, only after pressure, isn't praiseworthy.
tremenda maestro
I think this video gives LeMessurier, his office and Citicorp a huge break. I personally think is not a show of good engineering ethics. When I learned about it myself in my structural engineering course me and most of my co-students agreed that if we had been working in that building at the time we would have wanted to be informed. 1/16 is a huge chance for something concerning the lives of thousands.
Wait, wasn't a low level employee that discovered this AND it was a WOMAN!!! no i mean it wasn't it??? I heard it somewhere
in terms of aesthetics, it seems they tried to hide the church instead of leaving it in evidence. The result is the entire thing became ugly.
Maybe someday politicians will be licenced and be required have professional ethics! I'm not holding my breath though.
When the dude said "wreck" havoc, I felt sorry for any of his students.
Ehh, welding, bolts, who cares! That decision really should've been thoroughly deliberated upon rather than subbed out with hardly a thought, lol
Stories like this is why engineering students are made to study disasters and make it extremely clear that you need to not only check your work, but check the work of things down the line. Issues like this never appear out of a single source, and never come out of nowhere. Every time, someone saw something wrong, and either didn't understand it or didn't report it. It's a long chain of those incidents that prevent disasters. This is a case where that chain thankfully got broken.
Interesting how stories get modified. I was told by an engineer in NYC.. that a student figured it all out with her/his thesis and called the architect. Glad I didn't repeat.
This is not accurate.  The flaw in the design was discovered by an NJIT and a Princeton engineering student.
OMG a bolt is not the same as a weld...
Si lees este comentario, tus padres morirán dentro de los próximos 5 años. Para deshacerse de esta bronca, tienes que copiarlo y pegarlo en otros cinco videos
the framing of this video is so weird. we have:  -a dude who decided to channel his inner architect and design the building as fancy as possible  - then fucked up the maths in a way that sound criminally negligent, at least if the fear of lawsuits mention in the vid is true  - then he has to do a lot of soulsearching before owning up to his mistake that could flatten thousands.  and that dude is painted as a hero? if a random student hadnt found this celebrated engineers error that would have been a 9/11 level event created not out of malice but unchecked ambition (or stupidity if you want to be mean about it).   the hero isnt LeWhatsIt its the person who found the error and called him.
I think his surname is said as "le mess siri air" not "le measure"
SURE. DENYING KNOWLEDGE OF A LIKELY TRAGEDY IS WAAAAY BETTER THAN GIVING PEOPLE THE KNOWLEDGE OF THEIR RISK FOR NOT ACTING. TYPICAL GOVERNMEMT/CORPORATION SOLUTION. PURE EVIL TO NOT LET PEOPLE CHOOSE WITH THEIR INDIVIDUAL FREE WILL. HE SHOULD HAVE BEEN ARRESTED AFTER HE REPAIRED THE BUILDING.
Why does it appear that the tower in your 3d models is leaning the whole time?
Un answered:    Would the original welds as originally specified (not the patch plates) have held the quartering wind loads?
thumbnails changed like 50 times in the first 30 ours
What would Trump have done?   I think we all know the answer...
have any of those welds been properly inspected? Were the bandaids "all" properly located and applied w no "adjustments? Out of sight, out of mind comes to mind.      I tested soil compaction on backfilling freeway structures and proper soil design and lift thickness is critical. Contractors hated when I'd dig down a foot and test not just the soil density but the essential lift thickness as well.  Project Pandora indeed. No wonder none of the responsible firms would talk to you 21:10
How many times are you changing the title and thumbnail 😭
In a world that CYA seems to be the decision everyone chooses, seeing someone choose honor, integrity, and the safety of others is refreshing.
We have a damper like this in our flagpole at my workplace.
I swear i had read a different title for this video
That new church looks trash lol
The "delapidated" church was beautiful.  Its replacement?  Plug ugly.  So of course,  America chose ugly.  As it now seems to prefer.  USA = U suck america.
1:40 “old gothic crumbling church” if this mindset was widespread throughout Europe it would have been looking like Las Vegas
As a structural engineer designing these very buildings in Manhattan in the current age using all the modern tricks to make these architectural pipe dreams a reality, it's almost baffling to imagine not considering wind loading from all directions.  This should be mandatory to be shown at structural analysis lectures, just like how the Millennium Bridge has become a staple case study.  This video is a very well done case study that hits all of the most important points without getting bogged down in technical details.
If you visualize it, you immediately realize that they didn’t do any calculations for the weakest part of the building, is it just me or does it seem like that’s the very first thing they should’ve thought about
Something about the 60's generation... They just destroyed all these beautiful buildings in Manhattan, it's really sad
Wow, "old crumbling gothic church" should have been restored, the new one looks terrible
I’ve watched other documentaries on this fiasco and I’m amazed at the many levels of mistakes and just plain stupidly that is represented in what happened here.
Outstanding documentary...  I really enjoy your work and reporting...
Honestly the title and thumbnail changing all the time makes me not want to watch videos "early", because I won't know how to find it again later if I want to because I won't recognize it.
Why not just rotate the building 45° making the pillars in the corners again? Like really, how dumb can you be
This is such a prime example of the internal battle of good and evil. The engineer could have taken many outs to just let this play out as it may, but wouldn’t let the pride, ego, or painstaking headache of fixing the problem win over ensuring the lives of thousands were actually safe. Bravo to a man admitting a mistake on a large scale and taking appropriate measures to fix it… AND THEN lecture on it for the remainder of his life.
LeMessurier didn't make a mistake.  His company approved the change and he was apparently unaware of the change.
The graphics are so incredibly helpful, made it super easy to understand.
Okay but tearing down that gothic church for that little box they replaced it with is a crime in itself
The funny thing is that it was never his mistake to begin with. As said in the video, had the building been welded it wouldn't have mattered in the first place. It was the contractor cutting costs at the expense of safety that caused the issue in the first place. As someone who works in construction I'm not surprised, but I think making calculations with no safety buffer at all is dumb in general. That guy should have been held accountable, not the engineer.
How one students question saved this building
So insane how flagrantly capitalists will risk other people's lives for just a little more profit. Imagine not telling the public and not evacuating the building.  All this to save 5 mil on welding
11:43 That was a difficult conversation, mostly because LeMessurier's phone handset had no cord.
We did this case in ethics when I was a student at Drexel. There's a lot of important lessons in it.  For example: LeMessurier not only admitted the mistake, he did so having verified the problem, worked out the possible consequences, and devised a plan to repair it. Furthermore, by taking responsibility himself he short-circuited any blame game and kept the focus on fixing the problem. I think that had a lot to do with the success of Project Serene. Thanks for the video!
thats a good video. thx
A lot of people complaining about the new building about the church. While I understand the sentiment and disappointment of losing gothic architecture, the updated building is pretty neat, especially inside. St. Peter's NYC has a channel here on YouTube where you can see video of the interior.
Oh, and... "Let's not tell anybody about the risk. Let's just do the repair work on the quiet."  So potentially putting at risk *everybody* in or around the death-trap by taking their option of an informed choice to make other plans! BASTARDS!
This bank needed someone who understood the ways that friction ratios affect steering outcomes in aeronautical use under reduced gravity loads.
Got rid of that beautiful  church and put a block of concrete....sad
Ah yes, the good old “let’s not cause a mass panic! But let’s keep everybody who lives and works here inside a building we KNOW has a 1/16 chance of collapsing and killing tens of thousands of people!”   How about letting people know the severity of the situation, evacuate the building, and do all the repairs at the once with larger crews and get it done before hurricane season? Oh right! Can’t ruin the architects reputation or the building managers profits, my bad!
Shout out to the 99% invisible podcast for telling this story about 10 years ago.
Insanely crazy timing for this because I was literally watching a video about this building yesterday
Everybody has being mispronouncing the name of the protagonist for the whole video...
LeMessurier can’t LeMeasure
I believe some of the buildings in New York are built with precision. But somehow, we are also allowing ourselves to see what these buildings are capable of potentially doing.
Maybe he didn't account for everything that he should have, but it sounded to me like, he called for the beams to be welded in the first place and someone else decided not to weld. So, is it really even his mistake? If they had done what he said in the first place, no remediation would have been necessary. Or did I miss something? (not going to watch again)
Very cool documentary!! Can you the same analysis for the twin towers??
32:25 When I was going through my engineering ethics course the head engineer of my program hammered into our heads the importance of CQI (continuous quality improvement) and how your actions can affect millions. Hearing about this really justified how important things like that are. Thanks professor harwath
..... wow 1:40 ya lets get rid of this historic, and beautiful church with complex architecture for a hideous, boring, modern box design. Ya totally. Nothing like modern deaigns pretending to be anything but cut corners and speed over quality.   Thats not a god damn church, it looks like a greeting center.
... the rest of the story...
hold up, so kept a potentially catastrophic structural issue a secret from everyone, including unwitting tenants for YEARS, and somehow this is a case of good ethics?
8:30 bro that's not friction when you've got a pendulum that's just not correct - these are reaction forces and associated impulse   with pendulum its just a force  the full size system probably uses friction to connect and damper but ffs' check your engineering terms if you are doing an engineering episode  makes you look dumb
Interesting, the easier and more conservative way to size the bolted connection (in substitute of the welded connection) would have been to match the strength of the welded connection, not to run a static wind analysis and optimize for that in response to a field requested modification (without the senior engineer's approval, yikes).
Jesus Christ?!  So the lied through omission and kept sending people back to work while they fixed it.  That is some dystopian madness....
This whole not letting anyone know about this in the building or surrounding area has to be one of the most egregiously awful things I have ever heard. How on earth did we let people get away with that? Thousands of lives living and working near or in a ticking time bomb during hurricane season that could have caused one of the greatest disasters ever seen by the human eye
how many times do you want to change the title and the thumbnail? ''yes"
Fuark never seen so many engineers in the comments. Good to be with my entire cohort
No problem for the bulding, they dont use Kmh.
It sucks that everyone put the responsability on him when it wasn't his fault the builders ignored the instructions and bolted the joints rather than welding them like he planned
This version of the story makes Lemessurier look a lot better than the other versions I have heard.  I think I remember one version from the students point of view and I believe it was a female.  In that version she was the one to bring up the wind load problem.  I wonder which version is the truth? He comes out as not necessarily a hero in this version but the one that found the problem and the solution. IDK
TL;DR: > Guy builds sick building > Student calls and says your building is kinda not cool > Guy realizes it's not cool > Guy decides to fix it > Storm is coming > Storm doesn't come > Guy fixes it
Taipei 101
Does anyone know what that tall building is on the left going off of the screen? (26:09)
0:07 the guy's name is literally "Bill the measurer" in French. He had one job, it was in his name, and he failed it.
Bet someone got a big fat bonus for that 4 bolts "genius" idea.
16:17 A real engineer will never round 4.07 bolts to 4. Instead, he or she will round to 5. And 10.5 will round to 11
Tired of your old, crumbling Gothic cathedral? Wish your place of worship looked like a giant soulless Lego brick? Come on down to MegaCorp Church, formerly St Peters!
The original church was prettier :/
Unpopular opinion: I don’t like gothic architecture, though the new building still looks worse
Regardless of the calculations and what was forgotten why would you ever round the number of bolts down??? Like if you calculate that it needs 4.07 bolts, then it would fail with just 4... so you should always have 5 or more
1:22 they removed a beautiful gothic building and replaced it with a cement casket ⚰️
Who knew that god would cause an issue
So ultimately, a contractor cut costs and then everyone else spent decades paying for it
I'm sorry, but it was intuitively obvious to me the instant I saw the building that diagonal wind loads were going to be the problem. In a normal building, supported at the corners, the face-on wind loads are the biggest problem, because that's the narrowest part of the supporting polygon, and as we all know, the stiffness of anything depends heavily on its thickness. With supports at the midpoint of the sides like this, the supporting polygon is actually only the diamond between them, so the scariest wind load is the one face-on to THAT polygon, not to the actual building.
I would imagine that nowadays, architects first “build” a structure in software and run simulations on it.  I’ll bet there’s good software already that helps engineers do it.  You could run hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, you name it, against the virtual building and you’d see where it might fail.  Back then maybe not.
This is wild. This is the cutting edge. Wow. Was at the time. Wow. Would welds have been sufficient? They saved a quarter million….. they shouldn’t have fussed over the pennies, a building this size, what’s a quarter of a million?
I'd always heard about this issue, but never looked that far into it. Lo and behold my favorite YT channel features the building and I will forever consider myself more educated on the matter than most.
That church looks like a storage room.
this is why skyscrapers suck. return to low height housing.
The subject is simultaneously exciting and unremarkable at the same time.
A plot twist is that it turns out it really is the face winds that cause the maximum stress, not the quartering winds.  This was only found in much more recent computer analysis of the building.  For example see the paper "Blown away: Citicorp Center Tower repairs revisited" from 2019.
15:05 so is no one doing calculations on these things?😅
So many ads……
We're seeing less of Derek and more of randos...  It feels like he's readying to pass the torch...
Pay roaming charges???   Roaming charges went away with "long distance" back in the early 00's. I can go anywhere in the US Mexico Canada and not pay for any "roaming".     <<Verizon>> customer for 25 years now.
actually the discovery was done by a master's degree student, she told him about it...
Cartoons are an indication of the level of intellect of the population in today's USA.
Top right… GEOMETRY DASH. 1:59
I mean, we need to make sure engineers are pardoned if they open up about their mistakes before the incidents. And punish officials if they ignore the warnings
Veritasium, i would really love to see you do a video on the Voynich Manuscript.
Excellent vid. I'm not a civil engineer but found it fascinating  Great work
The old crumbling gothic church with that. Merica
was the title changed for this video?
Shame they didn't keep the gothic church.
You've changed the thumbnail and title for this video thrice, and I haven't even watched it yet. Makes me not want to. Knock it off.
Bro from beautiful Gothic church to a featureless gray brick has got to be one of the worst architectural decisions I've ever seen.
I wish someone rendered a simulation of how the building would actually collapse. Would it actually topple to the side? Or would it just crumble down once the chevrons snap?
"When we think about a sail of hundreds of thousands of square feet in size, how big of a deal is wind?"
Wasn't that problem discovered by a woman?
What gets swept under the rug here is that  LeMessurier's original design was fine.  Someone signed off on using bolts to save a little money.  Thousands of people could have died and billions of dollars of damage done to squeeze a fraction of  a percent more profit out of the project.
I was so confused this is a veritasium vid lol. Due to the thumbail I thought I clicked on a fern video
1) fail to make the right calculation 2) a student recognize the problem  3) waste time doing every possibile check, hoping is not going to fall 4) get a mathematical certainty is going to fall 5) doesn't tell the public nor to the people using the building  6) secretly repairs it hoping a storm is not coming 7) get prized for his high ethic  The standard in civil engineering ethic must be VERY low...
Funny thing is my engineering teacher went over this a few weeks ago.
A better solution would have been to connect suspension cables to the building on all 4 sides and anchor the cables to other buildings, then sell cable car rides on the suspension cables as a tourist attraction.  The sell t-shirts that say "I survived the cable car ride on the most dangerous building in New York and all I got was this lousy t-shirt"
👍
The "crumbling gothic church" looked way better than the replacement...
This dude deserves an iron ring. This is exactly what engineers are meant to do.
A GHOST ON STILTS!!
In the game Mirrors Edge Catalyst you have to sneak to the top of a megatower thats under construction and detach its TMD  so that it crashes down through the tower in order to send a message to the construction company.
This subject is not at the level of other veritasium topics, would be better to put it in a side channel
So instead of removing the corner pillars, why not use dampeners?
Why does the thumbnail keep changing? I've seen 3 different ones so far..
Saw a similar episode on NUMB3RS tv show didn't know that it was based on a real world case. Nonetheless, amazing video as ever and better animation too. Thank you for these videos Derek.
Wait.. did I hear correctly… Citicorp paid for the multimillion dollar engineering fail?
This video is basically: “y’all wanna know about the time a skyscraper had a hot fix patch?”
They also thought me in engineering the story about how Ford decided to skip out on a $10 part that would literally stop people being burned alive in their cars because the lawsuits would be substantially cheaper.
Will you ever dare to make something on the collapse of the towers (9 / 11)  ?. 👺🐍👹💖👌
How TF could they demolish a Gothic church to build such modernist trash???
I think I saw the problem this skyscraper in a video from many years ago by AllTime10s. Oh, how things have changed since the early era of YouTube.
21:41 impossible! Everyone knows since 911 that no one can go through a skyscraper and work on its structure without everyone noticing…. Right? 😬
What the hell is a kilometer? Why are you so stupidly rude that you making money off of videos in the United States yet you just refused to use our imperial system, you’re just an idiot.
all this for a matchstick box lol
Boeing's CEO needs to watch this video.
19:39 they missed making a pun "He must've been truly... stressful"
The way you weave a story together is brilliant, I was hooked all the way through. Rip Bill
« They replaced the welds with bolts » when I heard that I knew they will regret it. Unfortunately that kind of decisions isn’t rare specially in small to medium projects, the saving grace is that normally the mistakes is discovered before the end of the project by an independent consultant or another supervising firm.
LeMessurier did not do enough measures
Someone should make a Citicorp chair and invite people to sit on it. I foresee great hesitancy.
That reminds me, I gotta fix the kitchen table leg, it's a little wobbly
It’s crazy to think that skyscrapers predate the sheer computing power that we have today. I would like to assume that simulations these days are sophisticated enough to cover all of these variables, but the over reliance on a computer program can be detrimental too. I am also worried about a “1 in 1000” storm in a world ravaged by climate change and crumbling infrastructure.
I feel the intro misses an important bit - the reason he found out is that a student was trying to figure out why it worked and couldn't get the math to work out and so she contacted him
How would any pastor ever agree to replace a gothic church (crumbling or not) with THAT?
"OLD CRUMBLING CHURCH". THAT COULDNT BE SAVED? HAVE YOU EVER BEEN TO EUROPE? AND IM NOT COMPLAINING BECAUSE IT IS A CHRISTIAN CHURCH. IT IS OUR HISTORY AND CULTURE. THEE GREATEST CULTURE TO EVER EXIST ON EARTH.
It must have been the wind
The only mistake there is bringing down a beautiful goth church to build that horrendous modernist block of concrete.
well you guys sure like to change the thumbnails alot... is this the third one already?
i just watched a youtube short on this a few days ago lol
Destroying that gothic church and replacing it with that ugly building was criminal
Ancient chinese building uses heavy roof top as dampers to prevent collapse during earthquakes
The previous title and thumbnail were fine, what's going on with you guys?
it wasnt actually LeMessurier mistake eighter because if they welded it as it was intended by him this wouldnt be a problem
Great video!
"You must do something, you must do something." I have a funny feeling that if that same situation happened today, it would never see the light of day until the building came crashing down.
I believe the student who brought up the issue was a woman, not a man. Diane Hartley. Correct?
It makes the hairs stand up on the back of my neck when I hear stories about 'experts' deciding it isn't in the public's interest to know things that might put their lives at risk.
3:04  whats the music at this part?
Three thumbnail changes lol
Why did Building 7 collapse 9/11?  Come on Vertasium, what's wrong? Scared?
Ha! This is my Job but we do it for Cars.
Gothic church looked infinitely better than the new church.. thats the biggest oversight here
Very good critique of capitalism I must admit.
Wait are you implying that toothpick are not a suitable material For buildings feet ?
There was a Numb3rs episode inspired by this
I know nothing about engineering, but shouldn't it be obvious that it would be necessary to calculate the pressure when forcing the corners considering the shape of the building? If the posts are in the middle it should be much easier to tip at the corners so shouldn't those calculations be prioritized?
So not only did they keep this from the public while it was an active danger, they then hid the truth for 20 years more so other architects would continue to make the same erroneous calculations‽   How the hell was this turd praised?
Never mind some ugly skyscraper that tried to make the world a better place by falling down. What about that beautiful 'old crumbling' church that was replaced with a monstrosity! Edit: A quick look though the comments seems to suggest a good many people like me are much sadder about the loss of a beautiful old church and it's replacement with a horror, than the fate of yet another soulless skyscraper.
Why all of this for a not good looking church??
“Old crumbling gothic church” 🙄  You mean an absolutely gorgeous gothic church????
This feels like a video that B1M should have done.
I'll bet the welders had no idea how important what they were doing was
tecnicamente o engenheiro não teria culpa, era para fazer um processo, mas na hora H quiseram cortar gastos
Did he really look like Bald Justin Timberlake?
Amazing video guys!  I love structural analysis 😊
These people cannot grasp beauty ,it's astonishing.
"Engineering is the art of modeling materials we do not wholly understand, into shapes we cannot precisely analyze, so as to withstand forces we cannot properly assess, in such a way that the public has no reason to suspect the extent of our ignorance" Attributed to Dr. A.R. Dykes? Structural Engineer
If someone here speaks polish, then Willieextreme made a better and simpler explanation of this in his tajemnice I ciekawostki z google maps series, episode 68 or something around that
The way the engineer talks about his good fortune in having kept everyone in the dark about the unsafe condition of the building is disgusting.
So they created a problem just so they could create a solution to the problem, that’s incredibly stupid
Lemme guess... cuz the base was the size of a Twister mat.
I get that the old church would've been a financial nightmare to restore, but the new one is just about as poorly-designed as possible; at least visually.
When religion almost killed people
1:45 and that's why you don't have many historic buildings...
I wanted to go to bed fast, nut now im an expert in tall building technial mechanics and got my trauma of 1st year eng programme back.  Thanks mate :)
imagine destroying 200 year old gothic church to build a trash can to replace it
Very well done , thought provoking and timely.  I wish I spoke metric but I don't, I know text is expensive, but can't you consider all of your audience?
They tore down a gothic cathedral and replaced it with a concrete box... You don't have to be a believer of their faith to know that's a shame
thumbnail change in 2 hours?
Bill didn't Le Measure.
i literally just passed by this building last night! i already knew this story but a great video as always
HOW VERITASIUM SAVED MY MENTAL ❤❤
Lemeasure twice cut once.
I just reported this for suicide!
Someone at "X" just got Derek'd. A video about this building was on X just last week.
If it can withstand a 1-in-1000 years storm now, that's equivalent to saying it'll be blown over in a storm that occurs about once per 1,000 years statistically. That means that there's a ~10% chance (to be exact 1-1/exp(100/1000)=9.52%) that it'll be blown over in the next 100 years. So a 9.5% chance for a 9/11-like super disaster in the next 100 years that would be completely foreseeable and preventable. That doesn't sound very acceptable does it?
Of course religion is the cause of stupid issues like this
love how everyone's talking about the Church
Yeah it does not look stable at all.
Haven't the Japanese been using giant logs and mass dampers in their tall temples?
Keep the havoc, don't wreck it.
No clue if someone already stated it, but there is a Numb3rs Episode which Covers this Story. Little fiction and a death added to the Story.
Are you really not questioning this ridiculous narrative? We couldn't tell anybody, because it would cause a panic... Seriously!? This is not some heroic act, it's gross negligence and in another timeline thousands of people working in this tower could have died because an engineer did not want to ruin his career and a big corporation did not want to lose money. This building should have been evacuated until the repairs were done. Additionally, an investigation should have been launched whether the cost cutting measure of replacing welds by bolts was criminal negligence. Also, does anybody really believe the structural engineer did not know about this significant change? It's really messed up that anybody would use this as a good example for engineering ethics...
the biggest crime here, was replacing that old gothic church, with that new modern concrete monstrosity.
Well it goes under the heading of when you are doing Engineering stunts, have we gone over everything, and properly? Really it is easier to make things smaller and boring. Also in all cases under spectacular wind and earth movement you really have to go out of your way to survive it.
"I thought hurricane season was over..."
Capitalizing on the other video going around huh
Broooo  Turning that gorgeous Church into a literal gray TV is an absolute crime against humanity.  Modern architecture is literally ruining us as a species.
0:15 No wind in NY is in Kph. its not an issue. our wind is in MPH, everything is fine
Not to mention that two of those seven tall building projects have had to endure a giant ape climbing to the top.
I was a teenager in New York City when the story broke. It was huge news. I've heard this story at least a dozen times, but it always amazes me.
I once saw a building disintegrate due to a fire
16:29 Literally an edge case.
I remember this being taught in engineering 101 more than 20 years ago.
To see him joke about he and his teams mistake....how they endangered so many lives, really pisses me off.  He should have been jailed for not double, triple checking the work.
Ima be real fellas I usually don't follow along with these videos very well cause I'm usually high but even right at the start my first thought was what if the wind hits it diagonally.
To not mention the people who discovered the flaw by name upfront - Diane Hartley, Lee DeCarolis - is an egregious oversight. Their specific analysis presented to LeMessurier prompted him to act, not the other way around. Allowing him to mis represent the analysis is a disgrace Derek.
I like how he showed such concern for those who could have died if his building failed: "Well I was worried so they didn't need to be." Baha
They never should have allowed the original St. Peters to be destroyed.
It would have been so easy for the engineer who designed this skyscraper to have ignored the student's feedback, and I suspect a lot of established professionals would have. He deserves credit for coming forward, and obviously the student who found the issue deserves a ton of credit.  I think of something I heard once, about how every company makes mistakes - it is how they respond that defines them.
1:38 Biggest Church downgrade in history.  The whole project was an abomination.  A crime against humanity.
I can't believe they destroyed that Gothic church. They should have incorporated that church into a great design. They could have repaired and upgraded the church instead of having a lame church built into Citibank
You lost the game
I swear I’ve seen a different video describing this entire case, years ago.
All comments are really about the church completely irrelevant to the point of the video lol.  Anyway a 1000 year storm still sounds kind of low
I don;t trust youtube channels that change title names in the first 24hrs.
fascinating...  so what i'm understanding is the owners of the building didn't want to lose too much $ so they did the repairs at night.
I wonder how much Citycorp paid you for this video?
i feel like im going crazy, i swear i saw this video last week but its just been uploaded? losing my mind
a
🤍 😱
Engineers have a duty to public safety above all else.
suggest doing video on quartz, (electricity light pressure frequency audio)
crazy how this skyscraper is being brought up everywhere on youtube all of a sudden, even you now
Anybody else having flashbacks of Numb3rs? ^^
Really trashy of them to hide the mistake. Fixing the thing at night and not telling the residents. Risking lives to save face of the company. I guess who cares about human lives as long as your firm keeps making money.
0:38 that’s not true, actually it was a student who told him about this. He did not even believe it at first. Which is pitiful, because structural engineers need to be absolutely perfect in math .  I was in relationship with one for five years . They took only the absolute best, because if you make a calculation mistake, people will die  Edit: OK, later I see  in the story. It’s revealed that it was a student and not himself.
Veritasium: "So here's a story of an engineer who saved thousands of lives with preventative action, caused no panics, sought no glory, and simply did what was right."  Commenters: "Why is that church so ugly"
you missed the part where it's the student that pointed out the quartering winds
Wow a good video from a dead channel
So YouTube suggested me that short about this video to test if I will watch this video before recommending me this
That church is hideous
This episode brings new meaning to "Bank crash".  "Structural Engineer and Professor of the Practice" ... is as cool a title as one can have. Surprised he doesn't wear a Canadian styled engineering ring.
1 in a thousand storm doesnt fill me with cofidense these days
Can confirm as a structural engineer it would be my worst nightmare, I was feeling the panic as he was finding out haha
1:05 Is this green dot aviation?
Not enough scrutiny, responsibility or accountability were borne by that team of Neanderthals who thought it was clever to substitute bolts for welding. How did that happen, and why wasn't LeMessurier's approval required in advance, given that he was the structural engineer for this project? If you wanna add quartering winds to the standard, fine, but first you need to make sure that downstream Eng. teams stay within their boundaries, that's insane!
I am glad the correction was done. When it's all said and done you have a building that must conform to physics at hand.  Ego isn't an engineering discipline.  By now, ethics, morality and interdisciplinary connectedness of being human in some form or another isn't emphasized for learning. We need grounded positive growth within our looney human hive I believe. Knowing and acceptance is not a hindering human trait and acceptance was the p.o.d. here. I think that's pretty cool and there's proof that happened all day long.  I just learned a bunch from one of the current, best programs. Ventriloquism...just checking.
I'm familiar with this story from various other readings and videos. But veritasium is such a great channel that I gave this a watch and an upvote and shared it with my sons.
I like how an American channel with American hosts refuses to use American units that Americans understand and instead chooses to use a different arbitrary non-scientific measurement system. If you're going to use km/h, you might as well use proper standard units like m/s.
Yikes, I'm only / minutes into the video so far, and I've already been wincing like... 4-5 times, at least.
24:20
For once, a rule wasn't written in blood.
Will you please please please include MPH especially when talking about stuff happening in the USA? Its getting annoying to not be able to tell what wind speeds and such are just because you want to be proper. Please.
I remember 99% invisible doing an episode about this a long time ago. Very interesting story!
I did an internship at the company that built the TMD in Taipei 101. Incredible company from Guelph, Ontario, Canada
This guy should be in jail LOL
Today Citicorp and other megacorps will find some law to twist in their favor and force the church out, or the pastor would unalive himself... kinda nice when they had some semblance of playing fair.
Man they turned that cool Gothic church into a damn jewlery box. So ugly.
In my ethics engineering course we actually discussed this project and also many others that DID fail which was mostly about how we would have done it differently.
Motioneering/RWDI are the biggest TMD fabricators in NYC.
The old church was 1000x better looking. That new one looks like a disgusting oblique mess of modern engineering, completely sad and depressing.
1:20 the old crumbling Gothic church looked way better that whatever the new one is.
Would it be possible to use those TMD's to generate electricity from the building's sway? Would it produce enough energy to be worth the effort?
Now i am scared, and i will rice the factor of safety even higher.
When they knew of the cyclone why didn't disrupt the tenants and weld as fast as possible?
Wow, the bullets he dodged...he must have been an upstanding human that the universe blessed him with good fortune.
This building gives me flashbacks from the 'Baby scene' in the Flash movie
2:28 like at the first glance that just looks like a stupid design that is asking for trouble
So wait they had an old gothic style church, meaning it was build to last hundreds of years and actually looked impressive and the replaced it with a block of concrete that looks nothing like a church? Talk about a downgrade.
So they tore down a beautiful historic landmark so they could build a shitty little cube?
No to the cuffs, come on my man lmao
God that new church is so ugly lol
The fact they didn't go full emergency mode and did the repairs as quickly as humanly possible illustrates how these little these corpos and millionaires  care about the everyday man.
It's a shame what they did to that church.
He was praised for "owning up" to his mistkes... what a hero for not killing thousands of people  by admitting his screw up... you lost me
Imagine if that anonymous student hadn't made that phone call
Awesome and very interesting video! @vertasium can you do one about tuned mass damper or semi active control of buildings
The old Gothic church looks better than both. Modern Architecture does not inspire the human spirit.
It's not just the engineering, it's the stupid contractor that decided a few bolts would be an equal exchange for a weld.
I wonder how many people actually think the linemen working on the power lines were installing phone lines? LoL!
Why does he look like Vsauce
Maybe somebody has better insight than I do, but why didn't they just hire more welders/contractors and get it done quicker? Bring them in from other states if you need to, right?
bring the other guy back
woah
This was one of the first lessons we learned in my Intro to Structures course in architecture school in 1988, a few years before AutoCAD changed everything. Drafting class was still mechanical pencil, tracing, mylar and vellum, mine may be one of the last graduating classes where multiple drafting courses were a requirement. I still enjoy putting pencil to paper today, computers most definitely changed the creative aspect of architecture for both good and ill.
And also gain being an insider hero
What they did to that church is a crime against humanity
It's amazing to think of a structure of this size, a budget on this scale, rented out to the pubic being designed and built without a single person ever running any calculations for the stresses of wind hitting at a diagonal angle...   Our Experts..
I don't understand why it kept being repeated that LeMessurier stood up and 'owned his mistake' when he seemingly didn't make any? He specced the building with welded beams and someone else changed it, how was that his fault?
I hope the student had a long and successful career.
🌍🌎🌏💙
this is why minecraft is better than real life lmao
I thought it was an engineering student who didn't understand how the design worked who brought it to the architects attention by asking the question "WTF" then he realized the mistake he had made?
It's crazy to think they actually put a mass with a weight of 400 tons on the top floor of the building to make the building more stable.
*TRUMP'S FAULT!*
❤
Heroic effort to correct a mistake, but there shouldn't have been secrecy in this. That wasn't right for the people working in that building, or that neighborhood for that matter.
Torsional rotational buckling is sometimes not considered too, and I would also be looking at that without corners. This destroys some water towers.
good job Veritasium.. Thank you
So the engineer that made a fatal design flaw is working on fixing his design flaw?? At what point do you say, no no buddy, we'll let someone else take it from here...
Ya I mean from a corporate standpoint I’m not at all suprised they don’t want to acknowledge it. No company is gonna be like “Oh ya! That time we almost killed half of Manhattan! Let’s make a documentary.”
cool story my sister worked there, visited the building few times. nice to know some history!
Hey Veritasium. I really like the mathematical, non-physical videos. But as an aerospace engineering student, this more mechanical topic is way more enjoyable to watch. Keep them coming!!!
In other words, 'pay me to design it wrong, then pay me more to fix it', now that's how you make money
Amazing
9:50
In my guts, I disagree with de decision of them keeping this secret
Shittycorp. Waste of a church they could have refurbished and renewed instead of redesigning it to be an eyesore.
1:36 who the hell agreed to that! Marvelous building replaced by some cardboard geometric shape from a 3rd grade student.
110 km/hr winds is intense but not really extreme.   I've recorded gusts higher than that on my weather station several times in the past 2-3 years.
The moment I heard they replaced the welds with bolts my mind went straight to the hyatt regency collapse. Absolutely terrifying to think this happened with a whole building and not just a skyway.
A banger video. Ive always wondered how that thing stands!
32:30 Lol, if a building collapsed, the engineer could be executed back in the 1800s and before.
Why couldn't you film inside the building?  Because there is something hidden.
don't know why but the suspense of this video was insane
31:40 If a company does not want to be associated with mistakes, they are clearly lying to themselves because hiding from the truth is the gravest mistake of all in science. Perhaps they should become lawyers or marketers?
Why was Diane Hearttly not mentioned in who helped him discover this?
Arms are nature's tuned mass dampers.
Video idea stolen from other channel
Finally a good video about this topic. Huge props to Veritasium team for consistently doing something that is really in the top 1% best of internet media.
Old church designs are so beautiful, now look at the new one...
25:20 The press blackout/strike sounds like it was engineered better than the building.
THE OLD CHURCH LOOKED BETTER THAN THE NEW ONE WE GET IT  People are missing the entire point of the video because they're mad a church looks bad now
I much prefer the "old crumbling gothic cathedral" rather than whatever brutalist abomination this new church is. They ruined something old, beautiful and timeless and replace it with something expedient, soulless and ugly.
Great video, @ 19:02, 110 km / h. Regards.
How much money they give him ? -)
Oh my god. He had to be shitting his pants
So if they welded the bracers instead of bolting them as originally planned, there would be no problem at all?
Tearing down that beautiful old church to rebuild it as a practically shapeless blob is a travesty.
I’m glad he took Messuriers into his own hands!
So y'all didn't even interview the hero of the story Diane Hartley?  Thank god religion didn't claim more deaths for ridiculous reasons.
There are two types of people in this world: the ones who do the thinking and the ones who do the labour. Do not ever dare above your pay grade.  EDIT: Why is the designer to blame?!?! The constructors used bolts instead of welding which was the designer's actual plan.
Extremely rare ethics win, even if major players in this won’t say anything.
Getting rid of Gothic Architecture for a basic polygon should be a sin.
To think that what separates a hero from a villain is mere chance. Sure, they did what they had to, but if the right storm had hit it earlier, we'd be watching a very different story.
24:40 Completely disagree. If the people can't handle the truth, they shouldn't be alive. Anyone that disagrees likes willful ignorance.
Why does the thumbnail look like Colin Farrell’s character in Horrible Bosses?
Why do you have lip gloss?
So they spent 4-5 million to correct a mistake that was made to save a quarter of a million.
Once again I'm reminded to never visit American cities.
Does the recent china building collapse in Bangkok gave the idea for this video?
People should be arrested for what they did to that church. A crime!
They tore down the beautiful gothic building to built that thing! F.
I'm halfway through second year engineering, very cool to see some of the content applied here after grinding away at theory
Wow what a beautiful church. Why you destroy such beauty
I don't get why his first instinct wasn't ti get it fixed and call oit and sue the guys who approved the cost-cutting.  They're the true problem here
This was 100% Bill lemessuriers fault. I don’t understand why he’s blaming other people when his names on the door.   Shouldn’t be allowed near a building again.
Knew this one! He definitely needs more money than those CEOs…
I watched a video about this a day ago
engineering stories are great!
So what's lurking that we don't know about?
I feel like I just watched a YouTube short about this exact same topic two days ago 😅
Wow a veritasium and jenkins upload at the same day??? What a great day to be alive
Boooring…..
I remember this along with the Space Shuttle Challenger as the two ethics case studies for my engineering undergraduate program at Drexel.
These animated clips are obviously ai generated and offputting. I would think Vertasium could pay to get real animators
There are two really excellent  YouTube videos on this exact subject and the maker interviews Diane Hartley. Her story is way more interesting than outlined here and there can be no other conclusion than her paper is what led to LeMesurier's actions to fix the problem. I will find them but I think comments with links get deleted. Edit. The YouTube channel is Tyler Ley.
One in one thousand storm? Maybe we need to fix it again since the storms will get worse
11:50 I KNEW THEY WERE GOING TO BOLT THEM INSTEAD OF WELDING!
Stop changing the title and thumbnail. Thanks.
This feels like a new season or a new show all together away from the pure science and into engineering.
Broooo, it's that fkin building in need for speed underground 2!  That one with blue neons!
Did i miss something? it wasnt really his mistake, no?
Remember: LeMeasure twice, LeCut once.
He should have gone to jail. He lied and lied putting lives of thousands at risk due to his negligence. Why is he praised again?
I am a drafting coordinator in a company that fabricates steel structure building in Boston and New York.   The project isn’t our main focus. The deadlines are. The security factor in the engineers calculations is saving us all. 😆  They make a calculation and if squeeze in time they just add more to the security factor. Simple as that.
I just watched a video about this! Timing!
We had our basement wall fixed in a similar way to those "band-aid" welds, floor to ceiling bands of titanium banded teflon tape to stop it from sagging inwards any further. They'll outlast the actual wall. Still had to be INCREDIBLY frustrating for him as if they'd done the installation job properly the first time, they would have gone "oh, we didn't fully account for the forces, but we're still within our factors of safety."
This guy is a stronger man than most
I remember when Derek would travel for his own videos, now he get's his producer to do it :/
Nah it's gross something of that magnitude was hidden from the public. Open and shut negligence and the guy lecturing is practically bragging about it. I'm really surprised no one was charged for it.
Wow, a lot of hot men seem to work at Veritasium lol
That’s how we got 9/11?
Why do you use the arrows for tension and compression in such a weird way? They should point inwards for compression.
Heard about this some months ago on 99% invisible, an design podcast.
Lauding someone for not being an evil monster is knida weird. MIO  But.... Humans.. whtacha gunna do right?
Quaere the morality of keeping the problem secret while it was being fixed. It turned out OK, but what would have happened if it had collapsed? The people killed would have had no warning and no chance to make a decision for themselves.  Here the decision was made for them without their knowledge.   Still, kudos for not ignoring the problem and hoping for the best.
You should change the thumbnail 16 more times
0534 in the video,  there is a discrepancy on what veritasium says and what is show'n in the video. he says its stretches the left side and compresses the right side, but the animation is compressing the left side and stretching the right side. if im not completely mistaken that is.
It is wild how tall these beasts are. I could never work in one man, especially knowing a 400 ton concrete block is sitting above my head lol
They tore down a gothic church, I am in shock of how american that is.
That _"old crumbling gothic church"_ has provided more to the community than you in your entire lifetime. It is so disrespectful calling it that, I won't even bother watching the rest of the video. You disrespect us, I disrespect your work. Good bye.
I learned about this guy in school, and I don't think LeMessurier is a paragon of engineering ethics. "He could stay silent, only Davenport knew and he wouldn't tell anyone." Could he? What if it had fallen? A revolutionary new building that relies on brand new stabilizing methods, topples over and takes a bunch of other buildings and countless lives with it. that would be one of the biggest disasters in the city's history. Investigators would be called in to figure out what happened, and I think maybe they'd suspect the brand new stabilizing method a little bit. Our country went to war with multiple countries over 9/11, I think they could probably set up a pretty intense manhunt of this guy if he tried to flee or cover it up. I also think the cover-up was wildly irresponsible of him. Personally, I don't buy the excuse of "not wanting to cause a mass panic." Thousands of people were in critical danger that this man knew about and could tell them about, but he didn't. Instead, he conspired with the city and the bank's CEO to make the repairs in secret. This literally delayed the fix; construction could only happen at night, so as not to raise suspicion. I imagine if he did fess up to the public, there would have been panic; rightfully so, tbh. But what there also would have been is an official emergency response to the situation to make sure it is resolved as quickly and soundly as possible. Maybe I am cynical, but I think fear of legal issues and career destruction were the predominant motives behind LeMessurier's actions here. Not to say he wasn't also worried for the safety of all those people, but that other motives seemed to play a pretty significant role. I don't think that he was evil, but he was pretty irresponsible. For what it's worth, my college didn't teach us about this guy as this shining example of ethics in engineering; he was taught as a figure who is controversial in the engineering community, due to his shady methods of fixing it." Most of my classmates didn't think too highly of the guy, either.
Let's GOOO! Acoustics makes an appearance!
Nice
Nobody living in Manhattan uses kilometers.
So its not even his fault? It's because the company wanted to save money and no one told him??
Surprised that no one mentioned the giants coils in the very deep foundation of the building. I was there I saw them pouring tons of cement over the massive coils. Can't recall how deep but it looked like at least eight to ten stories.
Modernism and minimalism in architecture sucks
You know something?  This whole incident would make a great alternate history story.  What if Bill LeMessurier did nothing about the Citicorp Building?
Sad that a beautiful church was replaced by an ugly lump
I found this story kind of scary honestly, but that's because I know this is something from real life, and not just a made up story to shortly scare someone
I got to interview the professor of those students for a school project once. He is a great guy.
Japanese used these dampers since 594CE, called shinbashira. Although they used it for earthquakes.
"The church had to be distinct from the new Tower" ... I'm sorry, but that church is barely distinct from the sidewalk‽‽
did the video's title change?
Replace the gothic church for such an abomination was already a crime...
Besides how interesting this story is, man... destroying the old church should have been treated like a crime. The new one is an abomination in comparison.
amazing video literally
Talk normally!
The greatest tragedy of this story is the destruction of the original gothic church.  One of many architectural horror stories from the last century, Penn Station being the top of the list.
“… try to fix it and risk professional ruin…”?!  His standing in his profession should be ruined, regardless of the outcome of his intervention . And the man clearly thinks for himself as some sort of hero?!
Man-made disasters are almost never a single error. It's almost always a 'perfect storm' of oversights, miscommunications, and negligence all happening at the wrong place and wrong time...  The three most dangerous words in the English language: 'It's probably fine.' They precede every accident.
These "producers" you're hiring seem kinda weird. They give off Scientologist vibes
He didn't discover it????? A student at a college discovered it could be blown over and told him about it
Everyone can make mistakes, but those who don't want to admit it and do everything to hide their mistakes are dangerous.
I saw this same topic on some other YouTuber
notice how the building was predicted to collapse at the turn of the century, when the world trade center twin towers actually did. hmm...
1:41 hit me in the face like a train, what a waste
They changed the name?
I miss the old title :/
what a travesty destroying that old church. Not to mention this is a great insight into huge corporations and how they withhold information from the public despite peoples lives being in grave danger
Veritasium, can you stop changing your title name? It's getting annoying.
The most important thing I learned from this is Le Messurier's culture promotes cover ups and this is a culture that cannot be trusted with engineering. The second thing I learned was that is was a great  pity to demolish the beautiful old church and replace it with such an ugly monolith.
5:30 That left side seems compressing, not the other way around. Im confused!
I like this story, heard it before on another channel (fluctus or practical engineering I think) and will hear it again from Veritasium
How the f*** did they spend that kind of money building a skyscraper only to find that the architect discovers a fatal weakness in it afterwards!  That’s just about the scariest story. I’ve heard since Trump got elected.
The person who decided not to weld should not be allowed to work in this field anymore!
Cool, we have the leaning tower of NYC now 😞
I would flip a lot of tables if i found out after completion that a critical point of my design was excluded without consulting me. 😡
looks like I found the real world story that was used as a basis for one episod of Numb3rs
So, Religion got in the way again.
And they just simply skipped over the part when they demolished a gothic church – instead of renovating it – and built that abomination to replace it. That's a tragedy. Who cares about this sky scraper when buildings like that are destroyed.
didn't recognise this as veritasium from the thumbnail, ngl
Heard about this a few times over the years. Feels like very old news now
Wait! Maybe I’m confusing stories, but I thought it was a female grad student who discovered the error while doing calculations for a paper she was writing on the building. And there was a hurricane approaching capable of winds in excess of the torque load. Has her contribution been exaggerated in other telling or forgotten in this one? If I’m confusing stories please correct me. Thanks
Aren't they supposed to use wide safety margins in civil engineering ?
Is it bad that what I’m going to take away from this video is what chevron the gas station is named after
im pretty sure the student in the story was a woman no??? like 100% sure!
he says the dampener is 8ft squared and ya'll got meters on the screen
eh, after Andrew Cuomo killed 17,000 elderly by putting infected people into old folks homes during covid this is nothing.
Let me guess, it was never at risk of falling is it? Click bait title.
it was God´s fault
We are all susceptible to make mistakes as long as we are human beings no matter how intelligent or knowledgeable we are. In Engineering there honest mistakes and dishonest mistakes. An honest mistake has its roots on underestimation due to ignorance or lack of imagination. A dishonest mistake has its roots on sloppiness and arrogance. I wished people knew the difference and learned to forgive the honest mistakes instead of bashing anything like crazy monkeys.
Don't you have to prove that you have been exhaustive in your testing when submitting that kind of calculation for review ?
He didn't make a terrifying discovery. His student did.
I feel like I've already seen this video. Deja Vu
I am non religious person, but what in the hell did they do to that church bro.
No way they replaced a gothic church with a concrete box
21:05 oh yeah like those 2 other towers nearby.. but think of the oil san big trucks go vrooom freedom and stuff :D
I swear Veritasium is slowly turning into the history channel
I don't know anything about structural engineering, but (or maybe because of that) my first thought when seeing those 5 pillars was "what if the wind comes at a 45 degree angle?"  In the end my concern, the small rotated footprint, wasn't even a problem at all. But still odd how the experts didn't factor in the "obvious" case.
I still wouldn't trust being in that building
❤
Bro's name was lemeasure but he couldn't measure the faults in his buildings
I first learned about this in an ethics class in grad school. It was in with a bunch of case studies like that of the Ford Pinto.
meanwhile, every building built in china is built of out tofu and guaranteed to collapse in a few decades
Wait... I've watched this exact story on some other channel some weeks ago.
sorta glossed over the whole student involvement. they mention the lady, but turns out she had nothing to do with it. then they mention the dude, but then don't tell his story and what/why he said what he said.
No like for not recognizing that student from other comments and not respecting the old architecture
Shouldn't there be something in the validation process that mathematically proves that the model that was used leaves no unaccounted for edge cases ?
Wait a minute, why the hell is the damper dependent on electricity? What an awful decision.
Oh god another vid that ends with Firefly in a Fairytale? We are so back!
Makes you wonder how many other buildings are flawed...
They did the wind tunnel experiment and learned that the building experiences more force than they initially calculated due to swaying motion. So, is it not customary in structural engineering to do a practical experiment before building a novel experimental skyscraper in the middle of a city? I don't understand the tone. He overlooked several issues, but then fixed them, so now he's considered a pillar of ethics? 1/16 chance of killing 1000s of people. Sure, the welded design would have avoided a lot of these problems, but it looks like he wasn't thinking about quartering winds or the effect of swaying to begin with, so even if they had used the welded beams, that design would have only worked out by sheer luck, no?
This is insane
Could the church not have been flexable and just taken the entire ground floor of a regular designed building? 🙃
Bill "discovered" it in the same way Columbus "discovered" 'Merica lol
13:04 went through the calculations with _him??_ 🤨🤨  Sloppy work, people. Diane Hartley should have been the narrative focus here, not an afterthought.
That is insane
Amazing story
One broken beam here and they predict a chain reaction of collapsed buildings... yet if you fly a plane in to it, you'll get a perfectly straight down demolition without any impact on surrounding structures. Weird how nature works
27:09 does anyone else feel like a 1 in 1000 storm could happen with climate change charged storms?
You didn’t mention the girl that actually did the calculations. She was a student. This is Watson and crick all over again man.  I expect better from you. Diane Hartley. Say her name.
It's weird....I just watched a reel about this same building on YouTube shorts......didn't expect veritasium to do a video about it
Another 33 minute video!
Nicholas Means has an EXCELLENT LeadDev conference talk about this situation. I'm glad to see another take on it, too.
All this work to keep the world's ugliest church around. Holy crap
they that building would have fallen first day in Montana 70 mph is default here
WHAT A GREAT VIDEO! THANK YOU THANK YOU!
This feels like a second channel video
so citicorp does control the weather! lol
He is like the reverse version of the Jurassic Park owner
i wonder how would they reinforce the structure if the braces were welded as was originally planned, or would they've been strong enough already?
1. Too many tards here thinking Diane wasn’t mentioned, acting all rightgeous for “giving the woman credit”. 2. If the press revealed this story, there would be protests and riots that would make this more disastrous, not to mention the Luigis that would go after the engineers.
19:00 110 Kelvin metres per hour!?
There but the grace of God go I.  I'm a structural engineer (bridge engineer) and I hope and pray I don't make a mistake.  But the reality is, it happens.  Good follow-up and strong ethics are important.
I remember when building 7 nearly collapsed
They didn't need to do this, they didn't need to make the building on these supports.  This whole video should instead talk to the idea that Americans aren't so stupid that we need magic tricks in our buildings, we need buildings with structural integrity that make sense.
ive seen like 7  youtubers make videos about this building
maybe they should have done the wind tunnel test BEFORE they built it!
Tom Brady video when?
The thing about not being transparent in a situation like this is that you have no idea if they are being transparent after the fact. I think it was irresponsible not to inform the people that would be directly effected
getting a dejavu moment from this video.
amazing
that is one ugly ass skyscraper, and an even more ugly ass church lmao
Now do a video explaining why the former trade towers fell without domino'ing into other buildings.. I've seen plenty of documentaries on why, but yours would likely be far more illuminating if you're up for it despite the tragedy it was.
Oh wow.
Who would’ve know that the upside down pyramid was unstable?  Crazy how it fell down despite being so cool and avant-garde
1:39 Boomers when they see a building that isn't a concrete, glass and steel depression box
I was a new construction concrete inspector and I got into an argument with a contractor for their rebar spacing in a footer asking open ended questiions why did the decide to do what they did then the super intenant asks me sternly are you a geo technical engineer that's actually what my paycheck said and also if I talked to the architect so I called the architect who gave me random blueprint page numbers asking me if they did a specific sheer bolt detail so I go in the trailer and there's 20 guys on a zoom conference call and me a random guy asking for a random blueprint detail they ask why do you want this well because I talked to the architect and he wanted to know if they did this specific detail well guess what they didn't do that either so I documented a solid 50 errors in those new dorms I wonder if anything will happen regarding the safety and structural integrity or if it goes without any modifications
1/1000 storm collapsing the building still sounds like it’s deficient honestly…
LeMessurier didn't agree to the bolts, he wanted welded pieces. I don't see how he was at fault for original wrong call (4 bolts)
I'm surprised Veritasium forget to credit Diane Hartley, a Princeton student, with finding the error about quartering winds and crunching all the numbers. LeMessurier never credited her, and now this video missed mentioning her as well.
Near miss.
What do you mean "allowed"? As a libertarian I don't understand the argument. Do you have a God or parent that tells you what and what you cannot do? Alas, it was a very dumb idea. But "allowed". Who is the God who should decide what is allowed and not?
I grew up at 51st & Lexington, in the collapse shadow of Citicorp Center. Crazy.
"The pastor wanted the church to have it's own identity," proceeds to tear down beautiful and unique gothic church and replace it with a modern bleak metal box.
I remember hearing this story on 99pi many years ago, but not in this much detail. Thank you for expanding on this.
BTC..$XAI318K..XRP..SUI..ALL SHIPS❤❤
Damn that old church was so beautiful
That old church was gorgeous
Go get $XAI318K before it makes mainstream media. Then its going to EXPLODE!
destroying a gothic church only to replace it with a soulless rectangle. Corporations at their best. Sad.
Is $XAI318K available to buy in UK??
$XAI318K 💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎✨✨✨
Coinbase and Binance about to adopt $XAI318K - make sure you get in early while you can its going to BOOM really soon.🚀
I don't know the first thing about engineering and I still think that seems silly that it, "Just wasn't in the nature of anybody," to think about wind from all directions. That was one of the first things I wondered when the video first started talking about wind. How do the aerodynamics affect the opposite side from the wind? Is there a low pressure zone on the leeward side? What about swirling or unstable wind? And this question: What about wind that pushes a corner? That seems so obvious to me and strange that they just never considered it.  It is kind of like when they first announced the discovery of the first exoplanets. I thought, "Wait. We didn't know there were planets outside our solar system? I thought that was a given." I got a similar feeling from this.
Safety constructions with new mandatory calculations were only put in place after the article was published decades after the incident? The involved made any efforts to spread the tip about the necessity of those calculations before the article?  edit: wait, is this an "example of good ethics"? To me seems like the bare minimum. A whole building would fall over other buildings, what was the choice? Ignore and do nothing was really a choice? Who would do that? Anyone would? After fact an investigation would discover the mistake and the responsible would be jailed, there was no choice.
What about that church though? Not a fan.
1:39 he says it like it's an improvement, bro has 0 taste or 0 eyesight.
Citicorp Center: proof that even skyscrapers sometimes have 'you forgot one tiny thing' moments. 10/10 for fixing it quietly! 🌬
I'm more concerned abou the fact that the lead engineer was not told about the weld/bolt swap... Who made that decision then, how was this ok?
"But never before in a building" weird I thought that Japanese architects had been doing this for a long time
aped on $XAI318K and invested 100K. Surprisingly going very well ✅💯
It's already a small miracle no skyscraper ever topple from wind.
Its his bastard son who is designing Starship V2?
Black Rock, Fidelity and State Street are major shareholders in $XAI318K. All 3 are bullish on $XAI318K. I’ll say no more.
You looked into $XAI318K? Think it ticks a lot of your boxes
I gotta hand it to him for not running away and hiding from his mistakes like a lot of people do.   Bravo to the student that set this in motion.
These 3 Cryptos will make you rich 1️⃣$XAI318K 2️⃣Bitcoin 3️⃣XRP
This is what happens in strong rule-of-law based liberal democracies. The Trumpists would have us throw away ethics (community) as if it's just more fat to be cut.
That's truly remarkable. Imagine the crisis that he was under and you can't say for certain you would have done the same thing when it was your life, your reputation, and livelihood on the line. He did the right thing even when it seemed like social suicide.
So recently I started buying $XAI318K during its presale. I am up $23K should I sell now or hold??
great video! can't wait for more space/physics stories! i absolutely love this channel and especially those videos!
Nobody says "I didnt panic right away" unless they panicked, right away.
1:38 "replace this old crumbling gothic church" to make it sound like it's a good idea, and that "replacement". americans i cant
Shame that they missed that the "unknown student" has been identified a few years ago, a Diane Hartley.
I both love and dread hearing about stories like this. It speaks to the heart that someone can feel horror at a mistake, by that individual, can cause the deaths of so many. It also comforts the soul that said mistake drives one to resolve it in the best way that they can. I am sorry if that sounds cliché or maybe even lame but it is stories like this that makes me wonder what I would do if put in a situation like that. I wonder if I could be as strong as to not end my life when faced with such a scenario.
For those of you who know about the student who asked the question about quartering winds, she IS mentioned late in the video.  The problem was discovered a year after completion, in 1978. An undergraduate student named Diane Hartley at Princeton was doing her undergraduate thesis under David bellington.  Hartley's concerns and the reactions she received are documented in her thesis. She raised questions about the stability in the face of winds blowing at the edges, a factor not considered in the standards of that time.
It's a good video on structural design.
Why is this the 2nd time today i get a short telling me about the structural issues with this building 🧐
Even though this building still stands, it is still a good lesson in making sure you do all of your calculations beforehand to make sure your wacky idea even works, as well as make sure you personally oversee big projects if you are the owner/main engineer of a larger firm. All the stress of the 1978 hurricane season would’ve been avoided if all those calculations were done before the building even broke ground, or he was on site to make sure the beams were welded 😅
1:36 Sweet mother of God, what the hell did they do to that church?! Ugh!!!
0:30 Why does he sound like Bane from TDKR lmao
I doubt if that old church was crumbling. Was it old? Yeah. But those were built to last and looked way better. I would never have destroyed it.  Just maybe a facelift or something , but the old church looked much more awesome.
When i clicked on this i thought it was a B1M video. Imagine my surprise when that voice came up.
We going to ignore that a team of engineers and welders were able to covertly make structural modifications to a New York building in the dark of the night and go unnoticed... 9/11 anybody?
Why did it just occur to me that veritasium “replaced” Vsauce. Yes I know Vsauce is still around buts it’s behind a pay wall/ he hardly ever post publicly — tbh I’ve never paid for his stuff so I truly don’t know what he does…   But essentially veritasium is the less abstract version of vsauce that’s available to anyone he avg YouTuber.
It was the Sears Tower back in the 70s, not Willis.
Whoa. What a stand up guy!
Made me want to go back and finish my engineering degree.
beancounters ruin everything
That's why architects and engineers is not best friend for each other
This building has been covered already in a dozen other video's.... Are you really gonna stoop this low to reusing and editing their old video material to get a video out? Do your own thing. This is as low as it gets
There’s a fantastic 99PI episode about this. It was a student who saw the problem.
This is Lee DeCarolis erasure. The student who discovered the issue.
I have a weird theory that the actions they took to reinforce this building is actually the reason people believe that the world trade centers could be outfitted with demolition materials. I insist to add that the conspiracy is preposterous to say the least, but nontheless the fact that the (necessary) work (on the citicorp building) took place is enough to draw false correlation for some.
Not watched the vid yet,but Did Silverman just take an insurance policy out on it ?
1:33  "Yo, dawg, I heard you liked rectangles so I pimped your church with some rectangles, hope you like it."  Some people deserve to lose their job over their dumbass ideas or they never learn.
7:40 Alice Caldwell-Kelly has entered the chat
Something interesting happened! About 12h ago, YT suggested a short explanation exactly this same building. Coincidence? Maybe you uploaded earlier today, and the algorithm was already acting on that information. 🤔
Great story, like a movie, thnk very much, extrem cool video .) It could have gone wrong, video said just jump from a bridge or keep quiet. And the engeneer was not involved in big money, so he can make this right decision to fix it, but think of someone who has to pay for that or has less money ......
Biggest downgrade for the church
"110 kph" while talking about a building in New York on a channel from LA....
They replaced that gothic church with this s*** blob? Criminal
Man Saily is getting annoying showing up on every video. They are overpriced for what they offer.
I don't know what all these comments are talking about the new church looks cool lol
I'm sorry but, addressing a mistake that may have killed 10,000 people is a "Meets Expections" by any definition. It is not 'a heroic act'.
This is a very interesting story.
Buildings cannot collapse to the side like trees, because they are hollow
Still no word on the fascist push againt science ?  Do you even plan to stand up for science ? or are you fine with the fascist defining what it will become ?
Captioning error at 15:35: The contextually correct spelling is _pored,_ not _poured._
8:01 is that logo putposuely similar to "Stark Industries" from marvel or vice versa. That overarching line that cuts diagonally aopear in both.
hurricanes wind, but earthquakes will cause the same building shake ups or collapses...  skyscrapers yeah sure but smaller buildings 3 - 6 estorage high would need this technology available,-  TMD's are not well marketed...
15:23 what do you mean " wasnt in the nature of anyone to think about winds" while designing A SKYSCRAPER!?!?!?!? Literally 20 seconds into the video i was thinking "they didnt think about about diagonal winds, did they........" an im no an engineer so shouldnt those people be actually thinking of those things?!?!?!
CityCorp sounds like a fake business name for a dystopian videogame.
He just had to rotate the orientation of the building by 45 degres and build it normally, if he had to come up with all these complicated solution, he was not a very good engineer.
im studying to become a civil engineer and this video still taught me so much...... not sure what that says about me 😅 but very good video!
They found B1M's script
1:39 calling this an "old crumbling gothic church" and just pulling it down is such an American thing to do.
Isn't this a reupload?
I remember watching an episode of Numb3rs where a student found a flaw in a building that didn't took into account the quartering winds : "Structural Corruption" Numb3rs S1E4, pretty sure they took inspiration on this event.
Le Masher?  Le Messuree-air
This strikes me as morally ambiguous - decisions to save money were made at every stage, then the public were not informed; if there was a hurricane very soon after it would have been disaster. Unnaceptable risks.
No way they destroyed that beautiful church for that hunk of concrete 😭
This is a perfect example of a "Fluke" from Brian Klaas, who just made a video on Big Think.
1:40 Common Lutheran L.
Not informing the public of this dangerous building while it was being reinforced is elitist and evil.
I feel like this issue was almost going viral through my algorithm, I saw quite a few (short) videos about it. I'm very glad you made this one I was finally able to understand what really was the issue and It is truly incredible this engineer accepted his mistakes and had an open ear to the criticism. I studies architecture and People in these positions have quite an elevated ego and it is a thing we actually learn is how to not admit mistakes if possible.
An Architecture"s Dream Is an Engineer's Nightmare
noICe
Derek, am I getting déjà vu? Didn't you upload a video on this building and exactly this issue before?
"Stubborns" is a great name for an engineer who worked on this stubborn building:   You want your damn church standing under our skyscraper? Hold my Beer!    (Thats how I hear his name, but I guess its actually spelled differently :) )  Edit: Le measure is an even greater engineer name :D
hey the recent earthquake in california, made my building swing for a few seconds... It's an old building only 3 floor high, i think it needs this roof top TMD somewhere on the rooftop so it will stay up longer, i live on the bottom floor so i do have a first interest on it been done on my old building, i think earthquake prone areas would be interested on this TMD's ...
The villain was the contractor who decided to substitute bolts for welds.
10:49 In 1977 wasn't the Willis Tower still the Sears Tower?
so... how worth it, really, is to delay construction work on reinforcing the building and risk it toppling over people who didn't want to evacuate as well as other buildings rather than causing panic, yet fixing the problem more swiftly?  even purely from a materialistic perspective of expected monetary loss due to potential collapse  I am guessing the teams have done those computations a dozen times over and reached the conclusion that it's not worth announcing, but how many lives were at risk, really? even with the evacuation effort  probably something obvious I'm missing... and I'm guessing the figures on that aren't public
"Nah, let's use as few bolts as possible, this is too expensive." THINK! This is not unique to structural engineering. This is what happens when profits are considered over people. It's happening everywhere. Scary story, it's still commendable he spoke out late rather than never.
That's a new an original video topic.
Sure, credit where credit is due. But the fact that he actually thought about killing himself without warning the proper authorities about the danger of the building is nothing short of pathetic.
This must be the biggest nonhappens in the history of things happen.
The bots in the comments sure do love summarizing the video as if we all didn't just watch it...
So sad that that beautiful gothic architecture was traded for a concrete slab. If you're rebuilding it anyway, why not try to honor the historic design? Or, even better, try to restore the original building rather than leveling it.
Wo
I believe TED-Ed, but even more so Tyler Ley, made great explanations on this. Not sure if this video is another case of the "Mars rover's wheels" video copying.
1:39 is a crime against humanity
HOLY STATICS!!
I get the impression in how this story is told that there were questions being raised by multiple sources and LeMessurier and his team decided to recheck things. Seems to me that Lee DeCarolis made the phone call that LeMessurier took and that got him thinking. It also seems to me that the Diane Hartley's thesis paper was photocopied and sent to the engineering firm. This sets LeMessurier doing the step-by-step process of understanding 1) was his office's design sufficient, 2) was the contractor's construction documents at variance from the design, 3) was the variance sufficient to meet design requirements, 4) was the actual installation in agreement with the construction documents. That's how the bolts problem shows up. At some point before or during this process Hartley's thesis finds the desk of someone involved in the checking steps described above. He goes to Maine to work in solitude to confirm that it's a genuine issue as described in Veritasium's video. He powers through the self-doubt, self-destructive thoughts, etc. and realizes he must get the thing fixed. Thank goodness the head of CitiCorp agreed that it simply must be done immediately and the ball was rolling. Lives have been saved. Several hurricanes have come through New York since. Any one of them could have brought that building down killing many thousands. There should be some kind of award named after him. It was brave, selfless, grand, and well-executed.
Another great video about this from a software conference: "The building built on stilts - Nickolas Means | The Lead Developer New York 2017"
1:36 trying to dress things up by comparing "old, crumbling" with "brand new" doesn't change what we see on screen lol
Obviously its good to own up to this kind of thing, but, like, of course you should immediately own up to a mistake that will literally kill thousands? Im not sure how commendable that is when the morality is so obvious and he knew the building was otherwise destined to collapse in his life time meaning he literally could not get away with it...  I also find the idea they couldnt tell anyone about it to be extremely dubious. You telling me they couldnt have just downplayed the threat, told everyone they just needed to make some improvements, shut at least that one building down and gotten repairs going at a hugely accelerated pace? Come off it, there is absolutely some reputation defending and cost saving going on there, and they risked an enormous number of lives doing it.  I think this video had the opposite of the intended effect on me: If this is an example of the height of ethics in building and architecture, thats utterly terrifying.
*_We've all already seen the video you basically copied from the smaller YouTuber. So I won't watch it. Sorry, not sorry. This analysis of the brackets were already done, right, by that lady doing her PhD. She found out and let the building engineers know. The people didn't believe her at first, which you've likely made drawn out and dramatic, to which they analyzed the building, to be safe. They realized it was unsafe and they fixed the problem, as the incoming geological events and weather would've collapsed it._*  Everyone like this if I'm somewhat right on the content in this. If so, go look up people like "fern." and watch them instead.   How dare you steal content from someone that younger than you and less accomplished.
The most important aspect of this story is uphold you responsibility for the safety of the people around you, We are not engineering gods embrace your mistakes fix them and grow from  the experience.
Why he would be feeling guilty, when they changed during construction, building major structure and architect even did not know about that?
prove the theory of gravity.......
I thought I’ve seen a an engineer girl who caught this error or I’m I mistaken?
The John Hancock Tower in Boston was completed in 1976 and has two tuned mass dampers on the 58th floor.   The Citi building in NYC was built 2 years later than that.
The “gravity load”? The weight?
They really hate anything traditional dont they? Amazing to go from a historic lovely building to a concrete trashcan 1:39
30 seconds in and it's already wrong... he didn't discover it, and he wasn't the only one who knew... students found out about it testing in a wind tunnel and brought it to his attention
Tower 7 says: Hold my beer. 🍺
Diane Hartley was the student who found the mistake and contacted LeMessurier
Is this a reupload?
i noticed that the uprated Citicorp building could now deal with a 1 in 1000 year wind. But the warming of the oceans is producing  stronger and more frequent winds. What is the current risk level and what is the future projection?
The Real Crime here is what happened to the Church...wow
the worst part of all of it was they knocked down a cool cathedral and replaced it with a lazy modern art cube looking thing and called it a church lol
wind vectors in different directions or coming from different directions   ( all at once ...?)
110 kph? What is that in freedom units?
A video that doesn't make me question the fundamental laws of the universe? This isn't the Veritasium I know...
I just recently watched a shorts video about this building. I think it was randomly suggested to me? Interesting this popped up today. This video expanded quite a bit on the shorts video's analysis. Thanks!
473!!
meanwhile I'm here triple thinking and rethinking everything in a small git commit lmao
Bit glib
He took responsibility, which shows that he was a conscientious person. Rest in peace
All credits to Diane Hartley! She discovered the design error.
14:14 where does this equation come from?
super storm sandy couldnt take it down
Ah yes, why preserve a stunning piece of Gothic history when you can just replace it with another lifeless, corporate shoebox. Truly an upgrade.
In ancient Rome if a building killed anyone the builder was put to death!
I wonder how often emergencies like this are dealt with everyday?  The lives saved everyday that we don't even know about.
Sorry, but not buying it for one second that LeMessurier didn't know they substituted bolts for welds.  Not one second.😂
Thats real power being able to call the president of at&t and ask to skip the line and getting it done the next day.
Under one hour gang👇
Architects, regulators, and engineers: "This building is overbuilt."   Also architects, regulators, and engineers: "Wind can come from multiple directions?!"
I can't believe they replaced that beautiful church with that blob.
A&E produced a documentary on this a few years ago — it was pretty interesting.
Its how all endeavors go. It ends in storytelling, but starts in science things.
Wow, goosebumps.
bros really stealing other peoples videos ideas now huh
Great
gravity and spinning winds with enough force to bring down a skyscraper...
Reminder: This situation was caused by the church standing its ground* and refusing to move on so that the design of the building had to tiptoe around it.  The compromise the church imposed put the whole city in danger from the next natural disaster (or "act of God").  If that isn't a metaphor for much of human history, I don't know what is.  *Note that the church was fine with tearing down their own building if someone would foot the bill for something new and "modern."  Literally, they demonstrated a complete disregard for architecture on SO MANY LEVELS.
That is a pretty old case and most people have already heard of it years ago, but non the less: well reworked and showed
Well, there's your problem!
If we wanted wind speeds measured in KM/H, we would've gone to some place that isn't America.
I love Veritasium videos, but this topic has been overdone. You can find videos on this from over 10 years ago. It's fascinating,  but Derek should stick to novel ideas.
Whats with all the YouTube shorts in the past few weeks while you were putting the video together on exactly this same subject? Like...this makes me wanna watch your video so much less because i already know a chunk of it, knowing ill likely always be missing the mathematics behind it due to algorithms jading me into submission?
Wow! Just saw a bit about this buildings in insta reels two days ago.
a disaster avoided and another went unnoticed; they demolished gothic architecture piece @1:38 and replaced it with tasteless chamfered block
Henry was awesome!! Get him in more videos he explained it all super well 😄👍🏼
I wouldn't consider him to be at fault, it wasn't his choice to bolt those braces instead of welding. The company wanted to save money and took the cheper option
A better title would be: How Did It Even Stand in the First Place?
As just a guy from very far away from USA I would prefer short one minute story. "This is a problem with the building, this is how it was cured, and what time and material resources spared for the mending. Fin"
Was DIANE HARTLEY the anonymous student?
Anyone else watched Urbanist video on this same topic earlier this week?
Not informing the public immediately upon learning of the structural design deficiency is irresponsible and morally reprehensible.  Who would not want to know if they were working in or around a skyscraper that was significantly more suspectable to the sheer forces of wind than was previously thought?
Thumbs down for sending someone else. Stop sending lackeys.
I learn about this from a podcast and your animation really helped understanding it better! thank you!
Incorrect from the beginning. A student did a paper on his building and asked him about some stats she couldn't figure out. He never replied, never gave get credit, and never admitted she was right.
Honestly, props to LeMessurier for taking action instead of letting nature run its course and pray that his design doesn't fail within his lifetime
As a civil engineer, this video was well explained! Awesome work!
Veritasium. I'd like you to verbalize and visualize the pain of minimum wage for your function.
That cartoon character looked very concerned..
14:09 and then proceeded to play the song of gales.
Damper is also not made in the way that it can work for diagonal wind
just saw a short a few days ago about this.
You’re missing out one of the most interesting details, and that is that it was an engineering student called Diane Hartley, who checked the calculations and found the problem and contacted LeMessurier! She deserves the mention!!
He seems like a good man....     👏😊👍
So what u are telling us is the skyscrapers built in NY, TEXAS... etc basically everything in the hurricane zone were engineered on numbers that did not account for climate change...  So my question is, has any structural engineer run the numbers with the new reality that we face?
This right here is why you always LeMessurier twice.
Damnn I was waiting for this topic ❤
I think an intuitive way to see that the building structure needed to be prepared for quartering winds is that if you think about the foundation of the building, the quartering winds don't line up as quartering winds anymore.
Definitely true fact: the Final Fantasy Buster Sword was based on this building.
This story was a part of my engineering education, and I'm an electronics/electrical engineer. It's an excellent teaching case from so many directions, just like the wind loads that weren't originally considered.
Sounds like he came up with a... LeMeasured solution to the problem
Bro, they replaced that amazing church by a Cement Bunker?  This entire story is a Capitalistic nightmare.
I would actually love vertasium to do a whole segment on chinese tech factories  Id like him to verbalize and visualize the pain of it.
damn i hate when that happens 😅
1:36 its enough of a joke as it is that the us has no old buildings but you guys also make it worse
When I initially heard of this I assumed it was built that way to protect an actual church not whatever that thing is.
kudos to the main architect to ring the alarm bells but this should never have been on solely one person to discover the issue.  There should have been hundreds, if not more, engineers signing off on the original plan.  And then a city hired independent engineering firm to sign off on the plan.
I love me some Veritasium content but this particular video is an example of a growing problem with social media and viral content.  This story about the Citicorp building's original design and perceived fatal flaw is by no means new or unexamined.  It's been addressed in DOZENS of YouTube videos alone.  The redundancy of the topic might be forgivable but few of these videos reflect more recent analysis that has concluded via computer modeling that in fact the building was NOT in danger of being toppled by high winds.    The players didn't know it at the time given the tools available to them but continuing to sell this story as one of a building facing imminent collapse is a bit click-baity.  Also, it's not a terribly good story of public ethics either, given the original story of the original understanding was kept under wraps for 17 years from 1978 to 1995 when it came to light via a New Yorker story.
1:37 Man that's why I love that in Europe, people really care to keep these historical buildings because no one ever would put the money into re-creating such expensive structures ever again.
isn't it obvious perpendicular winds would do more harm than sidewinds on such a stucture..?
Wow… destroying that beautiful cathedral just to build ..that. Modern architecture and greed never cease to amaze me.
So they modified the structure of a skyscraper without anyone noticing. If it was possible then, it should be in 2001...
1:41 "and the second thing was that the church had to be phisically distinct from the new tower"  They got that part right, the new church looks like a toilet trash bin. Congratulations
I was an engineering intern at MTS back in 1987. I never worked on TMD stuff (I was an electrical, rather than mechanical, engineer), but whenever I hear the term, I pay attention to see if my old employer is mentioned. Sure enough, at 9:52, there it is (I think MTS also installed a TMD in the Transamerica Pyramid in SF, but not certain). Great video, as usual.
I was literally watching skyscraper structure videos a few hours ago, then Veritasium posts this video.
NIST has any credibility after their Building 7 lies?
Loved how the engineers showed the static vs dynamic building calculations. The way the corner winds affected the structure and how they worked out the dynamic calculations was super surprising.  The probability of being hit by hurricane-force winds was crazy.  The guy in the green t-shirt at 28:07.
I am studying an engineering course in germany and the joke writes itself... we don't have an engineering ethics course. The story was none the less very insightful.
Basically skycrapers don't just fall for no reason... Right? Right? Unless you You have a "special insurance coverage" Plus CitiCorp was founded one year after the US Stole Haiti's gold in 1916. The conspiracy is that they did everything to save the building and it worked without noticing. The cover-up is that they grew a corp with stolen goods.
I wanted to comment that the new church is ugly because I could not stop thinking about it about it throughout the video. But it looks like I am not the only one…
26:41 if one were of religious nature - god's will saved New York City 29:28 typical of male-dominated professions - woman's valid question dismissed as inconsequential. No credit.
First, really enjoy your channel.  This episode is a poster-boy in 'why engineers use computers' now.  As a retired engineer with a background in FEA analysis (I actually wrote FEA code for several commercial products), a relatively inexpensive finite element model of the building subjected to a suite of static and dynamic loads would have caught ALL of these problems.  Who the heck is/was doing hand calculations of complex structures (like this building) even in 1978? Trust me, finite elements were being used in the analysis of complex structures long before 1978.  The accuracy of the results and the number of use cases handled far exceed what could be done with hand calcs.  Just silly.  But I'll think twice about going into NY skyscrapers now - so there's that.
I'm an engineer. I thought a dose of Veritasium before bed would be a nice nerdy lullaby. But this is the stuff nightmares are made of. Like the Kansas City Hyatt walkway collapse, but on the scale of a couple of NYC blocks.
0:12 "Had a fatal flaw" Yeah there ain't no first floor
When I went to engineering school in the early eighties it was easy to observe that the professors would try to "Weed Out" the weak students.   years later when I was in grad school and friendly with the professors I asked them: "Why did you make it so hard for some students".  The answer: "Bridges fall down and we are not going to graduate someone that would let a bridge fall down".
You’re telling me THAT super stable-looking building is a collapse hazard??? I refuse to believe it
I swear I just watched a video about this
isn't his a reupload?
9:11
Am I having de ja vu or have I seen this before ?
1:36 they destroyed a beautiful church,a marvel of architecture, and replaced it with a box that unironically looks like a trash can with a push down lid... 'Merica🦅🛢️
I feel like i watched a video about the exact same thing a few days ago
first hour!
I just watched a documentary about this on Amazon prime two days ago. I guess you saw it too
19:12 so basically raquaza needs to land one crit (for context that is the critical hit chance in pokemon as far as im aware)
Anyone else remembers seeing this building in Suits episodes? 26:10 Similar drone/b-roll shots from above can be seen in multiple episodes.
Those LEO lasers did the job.
Bill LeMessurier is a shining example of professionalism. By his very word "If you see something that is a social risk, you must do something!". That is what ethical behavior looks like.
Literally watched a yt short about this building a few days ago
You could say his LeMessuierements was a tad flawed
Why can't they just spill it. I hate that things are "lost to time" even now.
This is quite similar case to the MASP Building in São Paulo, Brazil.   Take a look guys
The kind of video 1.5x playback was invented for
Shocking stupidity if the si called free market.  Everyone involved in this conspiracy should have been jailed
Bro Le-messured badly
" he had two choices, stay silent and hope for the best, or fix it and risk a panic " That sentence is absolutely insane to me. That is NOT a choice, you fuckin fix it goddamn it. To even entertain staying silent as an option is a precise example of how humanity will fail and cause our own destruction. The panic of telling the public and fixing it will be nothing compared to the panic when it actually collapses.
This story has it all oh my god. This would unironically make a great movie
This story raised a question for me. If the original design had been followed, i.e. the diagonal supports were welded and not bolted together, would it have had these same issues?
"It would be a miracle if they ever thought that through, to think about the diagonal wind." Really? They put basically NOTHING in the corners and not a single person in an office full of structural engineers thought once about wind hitting a corner?? That really shows the dangers of not teaching someone to think outside the box, conditioning them all to think in the same way. At least he was open about his mistakes, but that should never have happened in the first place.
What a cheap video this is Derrick. Everyone knows about this already, there’s way better videos on this and you didn’t even tell the full story. This garbage content for upload sake in a way I never expected from the likes of you. Delete this and go make us a real video please.
Good on the guy for owning up and taking responsibility for his own mistakes. He could’ve easily taken the easy way out.
And this is why I picked Mechanical over Civil/Structural
So instead of immediately evacuating the building to fix the issue as quickly as possible they decided to fix it in secret and risk thousands of lives?
I would never go inside one of those skyscrapers.
Thanks for taking a look into structural engineering! We would love to see more!
I love this story and I have watched many videos and docs on it, but I only just found out a piece of it happened in my home University! (Western)
Amazing storytelling. Brilliant stuff.
oh, I remember in the beginning of 2000 seeing a documentary about Citicorp on Discovery, I think. I remember feeling very fascinated. Thank you for bringing back this fascination!
I hate how smug all these people are about how noble it is to not inform the public for fear of panic. Because it's not panic. If you're saying that even ignoring strong weather there is a 6% chance every year for the building to collapse the entire neighborhood, it is perfectly rational and reasonable to not feel safe being in the area of that building. And especially when there IS a hurricane heading your way, and you're wasting time and resources that could be going towards fixing the problem to instead lie to people and risk their lives by only doing unobtrusive repairs in the night.  It's very clear based on how no one will comment on it now that this wasn't about avoiding a public panic, this was entirely done to avoid professional embarrassment. Especially considering all the studies that show that mass public panic is not a real thing. These people were ethical in coming back to fix the problem. They were not ethical in how they fixed the problem.
Can they not generate electric from these massive swinging wieghts?
Isn't there a Numb3rs episode based on this incident?
istg i _just_ so a video on this
We need to define professional decorum as doing the right thing and professional ruin as keeping it to yourself
Which of the two decided the thing would be dull, ugly, and as mechanical  and interesting looking as a refrigerator?   The man is asked at 4:24, "Can you tell me how big of a new idea this is?" he answers completely obtusely, "It's completely unique." Not only can't these guys design, they can't listen to a question and respond with an answer that relates to the question asked. Nod to this idiot narrator for not insisting " I DID NOT ASK IF IT'S UNIQUE BUT HOW BIG OF A NEW IDEA IS THIS??
Do we just ignore the fact that he wanted the beams to be welded and someone just said "nah its cheaper to bolt it" which lead to the whole problem
Damn had no idea about this
2:30 Please, what a slop take. There are hundreds of video's here on YouTube showing insane engineering buildings, grats not knowing that.
Thats architectural terrorism, they destroyed a beautiful gothic church to build a monstrous brutalist one in its place.
I was taught this in school. I had a eerie experience at my current job where workers had ignored my design and threw a 30 foot wall up at a school without my approval and against my design and DIDN’T ATTACH IT TO THE ROOF OF AN EXISTING STRUCTURE, which was the plan. I threatened to quit after they got stubborn with me about correcting the design, and to my boss’s credit, he stepped in and brought the hammer down. I’m still at the company.
I think we all can agree that Citicorp is a way cooler name than 601 lexington.
The SI prefix kilo is written as a lowercase k.
Interesting... 🤔
Whoa! Veritasium? I just saw this story on my feed a couple days ago.
"Nobody wanted a mass panic" = "We risked lives to avoid business closing and profits going down"  They could've finished repairs before that hurricane threat if they weren't only working under cover of night and spending 1/4th of their shift hiding the evidence.
the biggest tragedy of this is the loss of the gothic church.. turned into a lifeless ugly modern building that no one would know is a church unless they see the sign... but even then not think it was
I remember watching a documentary by Discovery Channel on this building like more than 20 years ago. They didnt tell this story though.
Nice video
wreck havoc???
They've brought down an architectural Tartarian monument for a piece of modern atrocity crap, well, I guess there's a price to pay for this absolute historical crime. For one, the church looses everything, while the crap crumbles to the ground by the forces of wins... You got one hell of a story for a good movie here, which the theme could be... karma coming to bite you in the asssssss.
funny. Just watched a video where this exact building was the topic. Hivemind
Bill LeMesurier literally means the measurer in French lmao
Wow this is crazy, years back  I remember watching a couple of videos on here of a structural engineer talking about this specific building and how it wasn't going to work and they put some metal beams that were not going to like withstand the stress, he did at least a few videos, turns out this dude was right lol
Even a newborn baby could guess that just by looking at those tiny ass legs. The quality of weed they were smoking must be trash.
Didn't some female up and coming architecture student made the discovery and then let the main dude now that this is going to fail under winds?
Here before 10 different title and thumbnail changes
9:21 Idk if you'll see this comment my friend but whatever size shirt you're wearing, consider going up a size or two. It will be more comfortable and it will stop your midriff peeking out whenever you have to raise your arms above shoulder-level. I'm only saying this because my wife recently taught me this lesson lol
shame on the "architect" turning a gothic beauty in a concrete coffin
1:39 well that's one of the greatest downgrades I've ever seen
1:36 this is why I hate modern architecture. It's a gorgeous gothic building, and they tear it down and replace it with a concrete cube.
It was a woman who knew there was a flaw😂 I can't believe somebody as smart as you miss this
Why didn’t citycorp just let the welders work during the day too?!?! Just give the office workers the month off!!!!!!!
LeMessurier measuring jokes incoming?
First rule of engineering; LeMessurier twice, cut once.  I'll see myself out.
Everyone makes mistakes, but not everyone owns up to them! Good on LeMessurier for doing the right thing and serving as a role model for ethical engineering.
30 min gang
Congratulations you learnt how to build a neev. For reference, see the plans of any old temple in india/se asia
I'm sorry but a 3-year-old could see how goofy that was, all that weight on four little stilts
Wasn't this discovered by a female architectural student?
waiting for clickbait to change
Now do a video about building 7
This needs a "Conversation about suicide" warning.  Awesome video, as always.
Hello
0:11 Hey Bill.. The bottom of the building is missing. That's your problem right there.
How would this affect LeMeasure's legacy?
Your videos in general confuse me but are enjoyable to the point I become non linear when I watch one. (They have to clean me off the walls)
1:36 I prefer the Gothic church over the modern one.
10:48 it's called the Sears Tower.  Out of town stupid to put the "Willis Tower" text. 😂
always check the 'as built' versus the plans.
1:36  This is an _improvement_ ?
I went to the University of Waterloo for Mechanical Engineering (01-06) and this incident and resolution was taught as part of a 1st year class on ethics in engineering.  I remember it to this day.
Thanks for deleting my comment Veritasium, censorship for the win hey, right?
Please do a vídeo on WTC7
Hey Bill, that’s what’s caledl “partial credit” /sarc off
Crazy timing I'm an architecture student at USC and we just learned about this in structures, the tone of that lecture was to trust ones intuition even as a student and question everything as architects design heavy things about peoples heads.
Ah, so this is the next false flag site.
It was an INTERN! Not an anonymous student! Diane Hartley, a student from Princeton, made the discovery when she was an intern.
I would say the old gothic church looked so much better!  I love that gothic architecture, there was so much more personality to it. Now it's just a box under the tower.
it's atrocious, unsettling, distressing,....the very worst of modern architecture. and let's not talk about the church. litterally looks like it's made to worship satan.
Diane Hartley,  our heroine.  Women save lives.
When I first saw the thumbnail i thought it was a Fern video.
He's literally called LeMesurier
This leaves you to think about how many of these mistakes happen nowadays with people less willing to risk their own skin. With the likes of trump and elon at the reigns, I can't help but wonder.
Gamer
I thought hurricane season was over
just turn the skyscraper
The student was a woman named Dianne Hartley.
Having new york and the b word in the thumbnail is crazy work
It was a student, an architectural student that discovered it while doing some calculations on the building after it had already opened. The student then informed the architect of their findings and in the architect double check everything and discovered their mistake and realized where everything went wrong. That's the version of the story that I've heard for years about this building. Not the architect themselves finding the issue and then deciding what to do.
Man i love these videos ❤
Looks like a mob grinder
1:40 probably the ugliest "church" on this planet
I love your videos and I want to share them to all the people that I know, but not all of them speak english ! Please please very please put an AI to subtitle or dub your voice in other languages so we can share your awsome work ( first in spanish please haha) . Keep it up !
Bill LeMessurier might have billt it with bad messurements, but when it mattered, he LeMessured up like a legend — proving it’s not the mess you make, but how you LeMessure your comeback!
Mm
Maybe don't build ridiculous shti like that.
Hmm… a skyscraper collapsing in Manhattan
So sad to see this beautiful gothic church torn down just to make space for this soulless box and this massive skyscraper. Incredible story though!
I like that other voices from the Veritasium team are getting involved
Vertiasium video is so baddd😊
1:43 they took a masterpiece in architecture and turned it into some random block in nyc
15 minutes
Wow, the transformation of that beautiful, classic, gothic church to the new structure that seems brutalist arquitecture. What a loss.
I cannot believe they destroyed that beautiful church and rebuilt it that way.
Not really a veritasium video topic
Thank you for shining a light on structural engineering!
I'm becoming suspicious about how all these creators cover the same topics at the same time. It takes a lot to get these videos together there's more than coincidence going on here. I'm curious what it is.
This pretty much became the leaning tower of New York for a while.
These producers assume the average viewer has amazing technical knowledge
I remember learning about this and finding it extremely interesting.  Keep doing what you're doing.
It seems like I am receiving similar content on YouTube prior to release of a Veritasium video. Like yesterday I saw two shorts about this building.  I wonder if the YouTube algorithm take uploaded but not published videos on account when pushing content?
the brightest of engineering marvels are caused by the weirdest problems and inconveniences
looks like they’ve got brains and looks at Columbia 👀
12 minutes
0:08 didn’t la measure it properly 📏📐
Why _did_ they decide to put it on stilts instead of just removing the bottom corner where the church was?
That's one ugly church - the original gothic church was beautiful.
Are we seeing more and more of the Veritasium producers till they eventually take over from Derek?
That's the craziest thumbnail I've seen in a while lmao
impressive...
8 minutes ago WHAT also, WHY AM I NOT SUBSCRIBED YET? completely forgot about this for some reason.. i need EVERY notification
I just started watching the video and I wanted to say the the engineer did realize he made a mistake. It was an engineering student that saw his flaw and brought to his attention. Ok now watching the rest of the video a maybe you clarify that.
First time visiting New York, And this pops up 😂😂😂
2:10 Why does that guy look like vsauce?
10 minutes ago is wild
Damnnn I just watched 3 shorts about this building now you too............... Universe is rarely so lazy for coincidences
that old crumbling gothic church sure looked a hundred times better than the concrete block they got now 😞
New York looks like a real life video game city
Bhot behtarin video dalte ho ap
2:59 what we non-engineers call "legs".
New Yorker here. Read about this is a thing called a newspaper in the 1980's. Thank God the internet is here is tell tale nearly 50 years later.
A 3rd Tower
But how will this affect lebron's legacy?
dude's slowly tryin to pull an irish from his channel
isnt that building the one in which the entirety of the show "Suits" supposedly  takes place in ?
Veristarium
Sad that beautiful church was replaced with a grey slab of concrete.
Finally youtue didnt hide the vid from me
The fact that the idea of making 4 notches instead of 1 came from the engineer and not the architect is surprising to say the least
Why couldn’t Derek go to the building in New York instead of just doing the voiceover?
8 minits in
this guy knows just when my door dash order is arriving
Shout-out to the podcast 99 Percent Invisible for making this story popular.
when veritasium posts, you know its gonna be a good day.
veritasium is cooking
Wtf Americans. Why do you always have to destroy the beauty in life? That old church was gorgeous!
i was here
Damn, this reminds me of that tragedy
woah never been this early before
Imagine cutting corners on a building with no corners. . .
beautifull gothic church turns into block of concrete horrible decision
One of the rare times a company allowed an engineer to be honest about failure; I assume these days settling lawsuits is cheaper
Any comments in here haven't seen the full video.
i watched whole video, thank you, I liked, especially the end.
3 minutes after posting and people are commenting like they've already watched the entire thing 0.o
I like how he made a video about a problem that didn't get the attention it deserved
Under 2h gang
Canadian Engineer here, we are taught about this building in our Engineering Ethics class in our fourth year of University.
Rce would not be haply to find out an engineer made the decision to put it on stilts
1:36 That old church looks way cooler than anything in the NYC skyline we have right now
Kon kon first comment dekhne aaya....
3 minutes since the video is uploaded and there are 109 comments
of course they replaced the beautiful gothic church with a giant slab of concrete
Who came from tiktok:
So a beautiful looking church was replaced by an architectural crime against humanities eyes.
"South tower d-" Wait wrong event
🎉🎉🎉Finally after a decade..... I had really missed you.... Please collab with smarter everyday..... Pleaseeeeeee😢
This video should have been posted in September💀
This church is the ugliest building I've ever seen. The "old crumbling gothic church" that was there before was wayyy better
Vert so awesome suace
1:38 noooo not the Old Gothic Design
❤
science this weekend for me Veritasium!
Chicken jockey
30 minutes video uploaded one minute ago, got 14 comments and 15th one is mine and it is without watching the video ￼..😅
Quickest I've ever been to a Veritasium video
First Minute gang
Like most modern problems it originated with religion.
Best youtube chanel
It's an opportunity to get my comment published among the first hundred on a Veritasium video.
It’s amazing a student managed to stop a skyscraper from collapsing
How can there already be 223 views if only ONE minute has just passed?!
The architect later wrote an article about this, about ethics and being willing to acknowledge an expensive mistake to get it fixed. His firm (or their insurance) paid $1 million of the costs and the building owner covered the rest of the $7 million to retrofit the building.
1 minute ago holy
no way it was allowed to exist with those odds
Such spam initial comments
Is this the building flaw found by a student?
Hey Derek, I absolutely love your videos Great Work, Keep it Up👍🏻
1 min ago
Sup
Ted Ed has already covered this :(
I've always loved this story. It's the best possible outcome for an engineering failure: the issue gets caught in time and fixed before anything catastrophic happened.
That is some real integrity
How does youtube dare hide a veritasium video from me for 12 seconds
comment
WHY WOULD YOU BUILD SOMETHING LIKE THIS
I think a video on how convenience in measurements could be dangerous. Ex speed limits baking, timing. How has our conveniency disadvantaged us is the trade off worth it?
One of the first :D
BEFORE 100 COMMENTS W0T!!! XDXDXDXD :3
I have seen the story before, but I can’t remember where
this title had me thinking i teleported into a different timeline
Published less than a minute ago and I already love the whole 33 minute long video.
In a parallel universe it happened and thus  created must stricter building regulations.
Less than a minute gang
Hi
I just saw a short about this yesterday
Amazing...  video
i mean i could tell that just by looking at it
I already know this video isnt something i care about. :(
thats crazy
Ur the best
not first
WHY BUILD SOMETHING LIKE THIS
Good 6AM Australian Morning to Myself
Feels illegal to be this early to a veritasium video 😅❤ Always love this guy btw❤
havent started but know its a banger
boutta be another awesome video!!
babe wake up ! He dropped a whole skyscraper !
I ❤ veritasium
Veritasium never fails to make the most well edited, clear and amazing educational videos! I love this one.
37th
Interesting video. 👍👍👍
Hell yeah😎😎
too early?
One of the first
Oh my that really nearly collapsed
First
That skyscraper is scary
first
❤
AYYY
First
First comment
Let’s gooo, good content incoming
AHHHH
First
Please do more math videos
i saw a shorts recently on this topic
Hi
first
YOOO
First
First
First?
didnt watch it yet but i know it will be good
primeiro caralho
FIRST
First
Woooh
Nice
First
First
Hi
🌍 Get an exclusive 15% discount on Saily data plans! Use code veritasium at checkout. Download Saily app or go to https://saily.com/veritasium
