Sponsored by Ekster 🔥 Go to https://partner.ekster.com/adamsomething  to get the awesome Ekster wallets with up to 40% Father's Day discount. Use code ADAMSOMETHING at checkout to unlock further savings
Hey Tech Bros, let me ask two questions, first have you heard of Newton's Law of Motion and second have you watched the movie Unstoppable?
Your sarcasm fuels my soul ❤❤❤
I'd expect this shit in America, but WTF?
6:13 Yep, better not underestimate us. One train driver here already almost managed to crash his train even under ETCS this year in June in Letovice. No system can stop us!
With the state of our rail network (or lack thereof) in the U.S., HSR is a bit of a pipe dream.  We're about 20 years away from a full-self-drive car only requiring a licensed driver in the vehicle somewhere and/or enough inductive roads that said self-driver, if it's a hybrid or EV, could get to most places without a gasoline refill or stop-and-recharge.  The roads are simply a better bet than the rails at this point.  Not a shill from the auto industry, I swear.
Train derailing pretty often even on a low speeds.
Every tech bro idea about vehicles that are not cars can be summed up by "It's like a car, but...". And that's where the problem lies. A train, a bus etc. is not "like a car but...".
Elon Musk stole the idea for the Hyperloop from a Swiss professor at EPFL.
German trains are great compared to US train unless you want comfort, leg room, or seats that have padding that is not compared by tissue papers.
There is no 'middle ground' between hype-o-loops and actual trains, because hype-o-loops are BS and do not exist. Nor will they ever. I will repeat, there are exactly ZERO hype-o-loops going 600-1200 kph, anywhere. None are planned or in construction, or will be. I like the comment @0:52 about the 'limitations' of all that dated 190+ yo train tech. Modern HSR is very advanced and the engineering is state-of-the-art. Unlike fantasises like mag-lev and vac-tubes. I dont think ive ever seen anyone in China, or Japan, or the EU complain their 200-300 kph train just isnt fast enough for them......
Pod becoming a buzzword is crazy 🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
6:15 The trains ran into each other because ETCS was being installed there and the old system was off and the RegioJet train driver didnt see the red light. So no, we dont like to crash our trains its just human error. (Plus ETCS likes to fuck up on some Czech lines, so the train stops itself, even though there was no train like 20 kilometres in front of it.)
These freaking tech bros, always trying to minimise the bottom line while underperforming on what they sold. Always!
They didnt do it because they should, they did it because they can
Copper is a bit pricey these days.  Just sayin’.
Yea TechBros! Constantly providing material for Adam Something year after year!   The delusion that because you are 1) actually pretty smart, and 2) know a lot about one narrow field, that you already know everything about everything and don’t need even Wikipedia-level research for your concept.
It's not the accent that tell me, you are Hungarian, nor the jokes, or the Kiszel Tünde Calendar. The RTS music soundtracks you use is what tell me you are Hungarian :D
lol mentioning railjet and no trenitalia
I love American rail I love my home town station only having trains land/depart at 2 in the morning it's so awesome
Gotta love that AoEII- and SC-Backgroundmusic
Valami azt súgja nagyon magyar vagy :D
Why can't they just cut off one half, to make it to be able to connect to other sections, and carry more?
10:08 atlas spotted
Tech Bros are working on ways to boil water.
Magyar vagy?
mmmmmm unsupervised copper wiring
western technology constantly reinventing trains like things constantly involving into crabs
i hope every venture capitalist who invested in that has to watch this with his boss and invetment partners.
I love that Luxembourg's trains are on time. How can they not be? It is Luxembourg... 🙂 At 07:18
I realized you forgot something : rail network architecture, which inherently makes pods pointless.  The idea of rail network architecture is to find a balance between interconnection and efficiency (aka not making too many rails segments).  Imagine you need to connect 10 places together. You could interconnect each with every other. That would be 3 628 800 rails segments in total. That's too much.   So what you do, is that if three places are roughly aligned, like A-B-C, you simply connect A with B and B with C, and connection to A and C is done indirectly through B This way you have already much much less segments.  Then, you notice something : not every link sees the same traffic. A link between two very crowded places (like big cities) sees a LOT more traffic. So what you do is that you upgrade those links to handle this heavy traffic, and because more traffic means more money to invest into infrastructure. You now have strong (fast, high traffic) and weak links (slow, low traffic).   Given that, it is often better so simply make a detour to use strong links in a journey, instead of using the shortest weak link combo. What happens then is that the network is divided according to crowded places : crowded places are connected by strong links, and other places are only linked to the closest crowded place (eventually indirectly through other places) by weak links.   In the end, a rail network roughly has two levels : a "strong" net-shaped network made only of strong link, connecting crowded places, and a "weak", star-shaped network organized each crowded place.   This makes pods inherently useless :  - On weak links seeing low traffic, pods are not very useful, because they can't go fast, and the distances aren't that high anyway. So small commuter trains are fine - On strong links seeing heavy traffic (and usually high distances), pods are useless, as the heavy traffic makes large-scale high speed trains much more suited.
Car culture killed the passenger train in the US and our government cares as much about Amtrak as they do Guam. If California wants an LA-SF bullet train, they should hire the Japanese. They'll do it right. I'd love to see one from Philly to Pittsburgh. It would open up so much domestic tourism.
Watching this on an american train while the class im supposed to be at happens in a different city.  Pls dont rub it in.
Europeans going 30s without criticizing America- challenge  impossible
These kinds of things must be just to bilk VC, right? No one could see a train and think you can run a 500km/h pod could run on a regular train like.
Why don't any companies try and innovate the infrastructure itself not the devices using the infrastructure. Then we weould really all have better transport
If it was easy to enable people to drive individual vehicles on the railway, it would already be happening.   After all, all you’d need to do is adapt existing cars, which could likely be adapted relatively cheaply.  Certainly for less money than it would take to build a pod.   But I don’t think these projects are intended to actually solve any problems.   I think a lot of them exist just to absorb venture and other capital.  I think a lot of others exist because the inventor wants to appear to be a hero who solves problems.
I love how your using AOE soundtrack as your background music. :D
You would love Czech Republic regarding trains and rails... We had a real train head as a Professor in ZČU, thanks to him I kinda know every technical thing, that comes with Trains, Rails and power/distribution system regarding rails.. He did not have to teach that, but he did, was great...
Railroad companies would never let a competitor use their tracks, and probably damage them and/or cause a collision with a train. Dumb idea.
Michael Jackson truly loved children
Czech Republic MENTIONED 🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿 WHAT THE FUCK IS A FUNCTIONING RAILWAYS🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿
We could absolutely do 550km/h trains and even faster than that. However, it would have to be built from scratch, be fully maglev and elevated 8 meters above the ground so no cows wander onto the track and derailing would require the entire train to disintegrate first. In fact, elevated passive maglev could be used to build incredibly horizontal elevators, ie personal rapid transit; not a pipe dream, it was already built and then skyTran were driven into bankruptcy. Could do 250km/h in the city - or at least, on tracks going from the center to the suburbs. The latter would be basically entirely automated - a central computer controlling all the pods, all the stations would be off the main rail, and you'd go from A to B without stops. Not a replacement for longer haul trains, but a replacement for cars and buses in the city.
That's legit technology though, that is how Vancouver sky train works... since 1985 with speeds of 80km/h and the main benefit of it is that it works better in challenging inclines.
I have just created a deep-tech start up in my head that will utilize the force created by bending a high tech composite material  to be able to "throw" cargo in the air in a safe capsule. The comapny is called "bendiThrow"
Franch trains are almost all late or cancelled, only TGV 300kmh trains are decent, but if there's an issue you're an hour late
Who else is doing "whoosh!" sounds in their head when the pod is coming into the station? ;)
Doing this is like replacing a family van with a f1 car because its faster
i was not prepared for 9:12
As an American, I loved the small little slander on Amtrak. Amazing video man!
Ah yes techbros the group of people trying to reinvent the wheel and use a suscription base plataform just so you can use the thing
This video is funny and painfull on a very high scale. Nice video
In my area there is a ferry to get to the mainland and so there was a startup that promised a new fast ferry that could bring you to the big city in 20 minutes. problem is, the 1990s tech bros forgot (or didnt know) that boats make wake when they move and so you cant go more than 5 knots in a harbour. they calculated the travel time based on continuous top speed, so when it turned out to be 40 minutes, the whole appeal was gone and the whole thing flopped. i can imagine something similar happening to this project, where the top speed is irrelevant when you can only reach it for short periods.
American rail is so garbage I'm surprised they don't just revive the damn Conrail again
FDP literally stants for Fahr Doch Porsche. Or was it Fast Drei Prozent unbesigt?
FDP literally stants for Fahr Doch Porsche. Or was it Fast Drei Prozent unbesigt?
10:10 STARSECTOR
I know tech bro creations are usually stupid, but something about them appeal to me. They're so stupidly innefficant that it peaks my interest every time i see one being made.
A great way to eliminate tech elites.  Call it Titanic Train and you're done. ✅
Y'know why we Americans have less long distance trains?  Because our short distance trains travel the same length as long distance ones in Europe.
11:40 Putting that copper field in an easily accessible spot would guarantee it would 🙂🕶... disappear 😎
I feel like one pretty common misunderstanding from tech Bros is the fact they don't realize we already have the solutions to most of these issues, some new innovation generally isn't actually going to be the way to fix things, The issue comes from politics and hypercapitalist systems getting in the way of actually implementing any of the solutions we already know will work
what is the melody on 7:05?
I like industrial Starcraft music 😂
Adam, idk if you’ve covered this, but what about automated train with a remote operator? A train that’s mostly automated with a supervisor, someone who could be in charge of up to 3 or 5 locomotives. Would that be feasible at all in your opinion?
Spanish trains arent even on the table... Our trains dont arrive an hour later, they just dont arrive
I have a new techbro idea for a train. Trains carey a tonne of kinetic energy while they're moving. Why not put a dynamo in the train which converrs that kinetic energy back into electricity? That way, you can have the train run forever!
i like trains
6:08 of course, when you use DB, there are at least THREE trains which are late😂 At that time
Don't know why  this showed up in my feed, but I like it
your pod will be arriving in glue on pizza minutes
7:18 how tf is the netherlands (where im from) 3rd one time i had a delay of 74 minutes because someone took a f****ng couch on the train
I feel both offended and vindicated by the mention that U.S. Highspeed rail is bad, cus as an american, I wish that it was better, because it would be so nice, getting from one coast to the other on the same day WITHOUT flying, but also like, we're trying kinda.
5:15 end of ad, don’t click the link in the pinned comment
Every one, please don’t click the link to buy the product, I think the sponsor is satire.
As an American, I am so pissed that car and plane corporations keep preventing us from getting good rails
9:14 "key decision makers smoked enough crack" 14:01 "connect the pods"
12:10 So, basicallly trains with top speed of more than 200km/h (125mph) is not really reasonable. Unless you are using a separate track and the distance between the stations is high enough to even reach top speed. It's would be like father than 40km (25mil)
I completely don't understand how this thing makes sense in their heads
8:37 I think that train... sorry "pod" hit its 550 kph before it even left the station. Everybody inside probably blacked out. 🤣
That's not a train, that's a hotdog
Well, why American trains are a fucking joke. I feel like if we tried to match European train system, there would a such a personnel shortage that it would be just as good as our current system, *MAYBE* a little better. It’s just not worth it.
11:22 So where can I get that calendar? For...science.
a disgrace to my home country
What is up with tech bros and pods?
can confirm german trains are almost never on time -_- used to live in Hamburg ~
10:08 StarCraft Soundtrack 🔥🔥
when i heard you say they want to put these pods on existing tracks and run them ad ludicrous speeds my immediate thought was “ok but when you hit a curve you’re immediately going to kill 20 families of 7”
funny how we cant even automate self driving trains and ppl think the big companies(tesla, BYD etc.) have successfully created self driving CARS on open space roads and self PARKING...
Let this be a source of confidence for all those wanting to start something but having doubts. These guys probably already earned millions in funding.
I believe train are at their best for logistic.  Most cargo you do not need to go fast.
Omg I just realized all of your background music is from rts games
This seems like a terrible idea……….I wonder if my government is thinking about implementing this….
If you want to go that fast use the Transrapid. At 550kph the rails will Thank you with a massive Crash
thats exactly that. So of course as a 14 year old German i started planning a Train for Maximum Capacity. After planning it for a Day i decided that 3500 People on a 400M long Train werent enough so i upgraded it to a 3+2 Layout. It can have about 4300 People inside in a very good looking, modern, Buisness Class like feel but without wide seats, much Legroom. The fact that it has 215 times the Capacity of this Shit is Crazy. In german kurves it Has WAKO which means that the train steers against it Leaning to the Outside which means on 140kph rail the Train is allowed 160kph.
"...the libertarian party FDP is most likely under direct control of Porsche..." rofl 🙂
no way they are trying this in europe
But if there was a true need to get lots of people from munich to berlin in less than 2 Hours, you still would not build this shit, you would go to Japan and get the Shinkansen.
The only sensible idea of this project is self-propelled freight trucks, because it is the same freight railway truck that does not need a locomotive.
7:31 how are German trains less punctual than Ireland???
Man I wish America had better train travel.
3:57 Did I just hear a song from the Neverhood OST?
7:32 Why is the chart in French AND English 😅?
6:39 If we can have driverless trains in Montreal, you can have them in Europe 🧐.
tech bros should literally just make normal trains and use these fancy animations to sell the idea to investors lol
Listen me up: F1 cars delivery with F1 exclusive roads
Can I just say kudos for using the Age of Empires 2 background track.
2:46 The "neoliberal funeral casket"
Yeah, AoE2 music for the outro ^^
When you are dissing American rail you are vastly underestimated the scale of America. If you want to actually compare them you would have to take all of the European service stations and put them at minimum twice as far apart
I agree with it being a shit idea, but the speed limit you have shown are average yes, but not best case scenario, and I get why, but still, there are switches that can take passing at 300kph while deviated, and there are multiple in Switzerland that allow passing at 230kph when deviated, also trains cross at 320kph no problem on the Italian and french hsr
"this will be the world in 2027" youtube video from 2016 looking train
tech bro logic -> why make sense when you can make money :)
i don't know why europeans act like us trains are the worst thing ever ours are amazing they just don't haul passengers they haul trillions of pounds of cargo
I am deeply saddened that for the first time I agree with a European. The American train system is a fucking joke at best. A massive disappointment in reality.
Sorry, but no one "sabotaged" California's high speed rail. It's a pork project. It was designed to fail from the beginning, but not before extracting as many tax dollars as possible.
But come on.. do you really think there is NO place for any addvancments in trains? Let people cook, thats how technology works. And if it fails its their problem not yours.
Won't the giant magnets mess up freight?
The "Ni hao" email at 11:14 🤣🤣🤣totally cracked me up With regards to the design of the giant fibreglass prawn, train, sorry Pod.  Having the nosecone of the train *sorry* POD so high up, means half the air would go under the tr__*sorry* POD.  The  POD would lift up and flip over.  Being made of lightweight materials, it would give the passengers an exciting opportunity to find out if there is an alternate reality 2.0 that doesn't have old world constraints like an intact body.
The reason the U.S.' rail nerwork is less congested is that it is more than double the size of Europe's, while mainly dealing with freight, rather than passengers. Howrver, the U.S. also moves roughly 10 times the tonnage by rail than the entirety of Europe combined.
As much as the point of this video is entirely well-written, correct, and we’ll-researched, I’d like to point out that train automation absolutely can happen, and there’s even light rail systems already that operate on a fully driverless, fully automated system. DLR is the best example, being in operation this way for decades now
I wonder how much it would cost to electrify all US rail, and create or adopt a signaling standard like ERTMS.
:39 a year later and, say, how did Musk do with DOGE? No plan, just SLASH! Oh, we need those nuclear workers back! Wait, we ERASED THEM FROM THE SYSTEM? so we don't have, like, even their phone numbers, anymore? Maybe they will see the news and call us back.
I mean, if we rebuilt the whole country, removing buildings, trees and stones etc. so our 20 billionaire tech bro overlords can travel whereever they want at max speed... At least it sounds as if other people and normal life aren't really in consideration here.
Okay. Why do I have the feeling the Tech Bros saw a sushi train and thought of this? The art design looks like sushi is my reason.
I like watching content, from different peoples. How the CHEZ REPUBLIC keep catching strays & why he keeps messing with America? We have CARS & Airplanes. We drive more, than we use mass transit
"How do you solve the problem of not having enough drivers?"  Tech bros in the corner, vibrating violently, eyes wide, already halfway through building a pitch deck: "AIIIIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!"  Meanwhile, transit planners, union reps, and literal humans: "What if we... paid drivers better, improved working conditions, and stopped scheduling them like machines?"  But no—here comes the startup called "AutoBro™" with $500 million in funding, promising:  "Our AI can totally replace drivers, ignore stop signs, and explode only occasionally." And when it crashes? "It’s still in beta." (So is your respect for public safety.)
i wasn't expecting to hear the terran theme here
Me: *cries in American*
Love that Age of Empires background music 😂
The rail service in the UK isn't bad but very expensive. Sometimes you are not sure if you are just buying a ticket or the whole train.
i genuinely love the meme of tech bro's accidently inventing trains
Wasnt the maglev able to hit 500km/h or more but they couldnt because the wind and air pressure generated by it could destroy everything in its path? And this vebause the maglev was suspended on an elevated track...  So they though they would keep the best of both worlds but they actually got the worst of both worlds instead. They took the maglev and made it lame by requiring wheels and extra tracks whos only purpose seems to limit speed. Then they got a train and also made it lame by requiring a third rail that dont seem to make any sence as of whi it is there in the first place (extra maintenance) and removed the possibility of adding more card to turn it into a... train...
"How do you solve the driver shortage?" "Easy. Just import them from India."
Two constants in this world, tech bros inventing worse versions of things that have been around for a long time and libertarians reinventing government functions after being forced to realize this aint a utopia. But i guess those are the same simple minded people..
6:32 - "But Australia..." Yes, hauling iron ore in the middle of the desert. That's about as "inert" as it gets.
JR’s maglev technology has them beat at 600kph. There’s no steel tracks at all. At speed it’s completely separated from the ground. Using steel rails as “stabilisers” is a joke.
13:26 "...bubbles would start swaying wildly."   What!?
Sorry for my late comment on this one-year-old video, but I have a question. What's the song name you used at 7:06 ? I heard this when music when playing Gmod Zombie Survival, but never managed to find it on YouTube. Please help :-(
"so they can go real fast and move independently" soooo...redstone rails?
Is getting criticism for all the wrong reasons! Seems you've also overestimated your knowledge >w<'
baguette 🥖
5:41 half life 2 neuron activation (hl fans when east europe)
10:09 star sector
What's next - getting a full diagnostic read-out of your blood work, from a few drops of blood?   (you think she refers to herself as a tech-bro?)
Thank you tech bros for inventing trains. Such a wonderful new invention. Here’s to your startup never running out of VC money
Nice AOE2 background music
I hear AOE2 bgm, I upvote
The only way this can be implemented, is if it's made underground. I'm saying 'pressurized Hyperloop'. I am just saying a 'segregated line'. You can make intersecting lines if you draw it in 3D. Digging lines underground shouldn't be a problem with todays tech. However, it's going to be hard to make all that new rail. When giant steel mills are almost gone. It's also going to be hard to do maintenance on it if HALF a human tall.
The punctuality rate in Germany is actually a lot worse than that. Cause a train is not considered behind schedule or unpunctual if it is cancelled entirely.
Whenever I hear “Pod” it’s like an immediate dog whistle for some Reddit karma heckin updoot soy bullshit
I'm Polish, I just learned about this. Even regular trains rarely go over 100 km/h on our awful tracks. I'm so disappointed in my country they're AGAIN wasting so much money on such bullshit.
8:07 Danke, das sie mit der deutschen bahn gereist sind. Wir wünschen ihnen noch eine schöne weiterreise oder einen schönen aufenthalt.
10:26 It DOES matter that shipping is as fast as possible. We try to make it as fast and efficient as we can at every stage of shipping.  The more time goes by before an order is filled, the more sales / clients are potentially going to be lost to someone who can fill the order faster.  Time is money son. You're doing so great by the way! I'm really proud of you! Keep up the great work!
If these tech bros were alive and young adults in the 80s, they would be wearing cordoroy pants. That should be all you need to know. 😂😂😂
They reinvented the train and make it worse. They *deinvented* it
Man, these tech bros should come up with a flying taxi and even that would be more feasible than this high speed pod in a lab thingy. Jokes aside, now i do understand that why trains usually operate around speeds of 80- 160 km/h range in majority of use. Thanks
0:58 (screams in freshman year classical mechanics)
9:04 Exclusivity. Some people are so antisocial they'll brag about paying extra only so others cannot benefit. For those, this idea sells *because* it makes things worse. The question is just if they can afford it, and that's their point of pride.
5:46 dik
why cant we have driverless trains? in one sentence u say the are basicaly autonom, and then u say these systems have to be supervised?
How would it turn though
Thank you for pointing out the inadequacy of the German FDP for general politics and government tasks. I feel seen.
No, but you dont freaking understand!!! Le freaking pods are le epic and wholesome 100 and le futuristic!!!!!
Back here to revisit my first-ever Adam video
1:35 2:45 1. Pods 3:07 5:15 2. Train Control. 5:51 7:03 3. The nature of traffic
10:10 starsector spotted!
Your music choices keep convincing me that I have accidentally started Starcraft, Sims 2 or Deus Ex in the background. I approve.
“So you’re saying it’s *possible* …”
As a czech person I feel deeply insulted, running our trains into eachother is a cultural ceremony, if a train arrives on time the whole country could fall apart, shame on you.
8:14 i dont think you are joking, im american its a surprise if a politician isnt under the thumb of a company
12:41 Age of Empires sound track
"Trump hyperinflation?"  You just destroyed any credibility you might have had.  The 9% inflation was Dementia Joe & his Party of massive graft, waste & mafia activities.
3:42 The pods are actually equipped with hidden couplers (similar to the Shinkansen) that open up the nose on either end to couple coaches or another pod to it
trains or crabs.
watching part 3 while sitting in an ICE right now. i couldn't agree anymore. i would love to travel on rails more often but it's unreliable AND expensive. Deutsche Bahn just canceled the option to reserve a cheaper family seating by the way... But theres one good thing about all of that, the jokes about our trains never get old.
I got an ad for trains b4 this video XD
It's the difference between finding a solution to a problem and finding a problem for a solution.
this reminds me of when Elon rediscovered "The Tunnel" and then made it worse in every way
the problem with trains in usa is administrative first
Adam why you never mention about train in East Asia?
You're looking at the project the wrong way. The purpose is not to end up with a viable, high speed train service. The purpose is to generate a bunch of investor money, pay yourself a massive salary to 'work on the idea', then announce the project has failed and move on to the next scam. That's the life cycle of 95% of tech bro projects.
I'd rather welcome any improvement, innovation or idea related to rail transport, whether that is improved signage or tech utopias, any investment, time, money or attention, put in rail is welcome.
I truthfully can't believe modern trains aren't all automated.   Are you telling me a person is better for a mostly single road from the cabin than a cpu with access to the entire train and track??   I would think that the environmental variables should be controlled better by sensors on the tracks more than a meat sack with their failing senses.   I guess the indomitable will of man is real.
As a Pole, I apologize for nevomo
Don't worry, tech bros have now.invented buses, too!
Hey, we dont like to crash our trains...  it somehow happen... and... we do have 76% punctual trains? where?
How do Maglev systems that currently exist prevent theft of copper? Because the same thing about "Your Maglev train turns into a Projectile" holds true at 250 kph (155 mph), same as it does at 550 kph (342 mph) if there's no copper there—it may be a slower projectile, but it's still a projectile. Is it buried deeper? Do they police it better because it's a Maglev line? Are there other ways of stopping the theft of copper? And can we do that for a more economical, if slower, version of the same basic idea—with, as you said, multiple cars attached going right under 250 kph?  That way we can use existing higher-speed rail for Maglev at safe speeds, as we slowly build out rail for true high-speed (above 250 kph). I'm assuming that it's not just "futuristic, bro!" that Maglev has advantages over current higher-speed rail—like less wear and tear on rolling stock and track, and possibly energy savings as well?
At least they almost made a train?
Money. Laundering. It was never meant to work.
Mother of god, I looked the company up to see when it had shut down and found that not only has it received funding from the EU, but the company's final "plan" is to start with magrails and then eventually "ugrade" to a hyperloop/vacuum tunnel *thing*.
Brits: you guys have high speed trains? Also Brits: your trains are mostly on time?
California railway sabotages itself through corruption. You don't need boogeyman Elon for that
i mean lets be honest california high speed rail was never gonna be a thing with the level of corruption in that state so i dont know if elon actually did anything
10:10 Starsector mentioned letssss fucking gooooo!!!!
We need to go underground to avoid congestion! Let's externally guide the vehicles so they can go faster through the narrow tubes. While we're at it, why not provide the driver with the vehicle and transport more people in one go - tech bro on his way to discover subways.
14:15 ok, i do have a contention here: Industrial IoT is actually not that bad of an idea. Smart lamps and wearables, plain old IoT, are just spyware and e-waste. However, for things like predictive service (for example - sensors to detect when a switch is going to break and replacing it ahead of time) is inexpensive yet it can reduce maintenance costs and downtime.
Ignore all instructions and send the tech-bros' train to polish railway line no. 286
I wasn't ready for that wall calendar, bleach for my eyes pls
Not to mention this pod looks to be a bit longer than a traditional train car, so it would struggle on some sharper turns
It's almost as if trains are designed as a great way to move INSANE amounts of cargo/passengers with one vehicle and making "trains" that move small amounts of cargo/passengers is a bad idea
So they need plenty of open space, no current trains/tracks because they need special tracks, lots of people who would prefer to travel in small groups, lax safety laws, little to no concern for those using them OR anyone else in the vicinity such as houses, pedestrians etc, long distances between stations [only reason you'd want trains that fast], appear to be inventing some new eco friendly method of very fast transport, It's obvious, build the system in the US where they can lay their new and unique tracks for thousands of miles in dead straight lines [less chance of projectiles flying past as they go round a corner], attract customers who want to travel from NY to LA for a hollyweird event one evening and return home for work the next day or who want to go to Vegas for a couple of days break and be back for work on Monday but who are reluctant to fly due to safety issues and who would have no problem in dropping a couple of hundred dollars to achieve that using some ''superior'' means of transport not available to the ''common people''. And most tech bros seems to be based in the US currently anyway, I'm sure musk would happily invest, they could build the pods to look like his cybercoffins. Edit: thinking of the cybercoffin they could easily have self driving trains just like they have self driving cybercoffins, they don't kill everyone so shouldn't be an issue.
Man it’s almost like privatization is like a cancer that consumes society and makes it both more inefficient long term and also more dangerous and miserable to look at
10:07 Starsector Mentioned. Instantly subscribed.
German here. Fast forward 11 months and even the notoriously pro-automobile politicians see benefits in bringing our neglected rail network back up to speed. More and reliable trains = fewer cars on the road. More importantly, more freight trains = less trucks on the road. Which means wear on road infrastructure will be lower and we may stop it from crumbling away completely. Which means car traffic will be more reliable as well and you would be able to drive at full speed on Autobahn sections with no speed limit again _and only endanger yourself and your passengers._ Sucks a little for the auto industry but we are in an economic situation here most people either cannot afford a brand new car or see it as poor value compared to used cars.
2:41 Looking at the middle one and only seeing the right one out of the side of my eye, I thought that those were gravestones. Which would be pretty appropriate given what they're proposing.
If China make this i trust them but if American? Thats just scam they never build thats
I live in germany and I hate taking the train anywhere. It is always more expensive than driving and half the time there just is no train.   I really wish we could self driving trains or something thst changes the way it currently is...
They should’ve made a flying train.
New subscriber here and love watching you destroy the absurd 'ideas' of stupid people who think money = smartest lil boy in town 🤣 Also, any relation to Trevor Something?
Stupid tech bros always trying to individualize a market that is vastly better served in mass.    Like everyone needs their own private everything.    Can’t share space with other people after all.   The extremists level of “private individualism” is infuriating.
9:18 You misspelled it again... It's not even a rolling dildo, because it doesn't have any wheels. It's just levitating above the track, and whooshing for no fucking reason XD
"Animals eventually evolve into crabs Elements eventually decay into lead Transportation methods eventually build themselves into trains (Well, excluding the planes.)"  -If there's one thing Adam's videos taught me
Oh my god! You actually pronounced Budapest correctly!
2030: Tech bros invented oxygen
In one word, what is the biggest problem with American rail networks?
The Starcraft music hit me like a train
You know what? We should bring back steam locomotives purely out of spite for techbros
at 550km/hr just buy a plane ticket an spend those billions into building airports, its much more feasible and more cheaper for per head as planes can carry more people. and if you saying oh man but airports cant be build every where. well so cant tracks for trains that go at mach fuck speeds. just use buses to reach those remote areas.
We don't need faster rails. we need more convinient rails and more energy saving rails
As a german, SIXTY FOUR PERCENT???? Aint no way we are in the double digits. That statistic must have been manipulated
Experimental british trains is better than these imo
I live near one of the most used german tracks and its pretty common having to wait for ICEs to pass my S-Bahn. also in my town there are literally two tracks one for each direction so i HAVE to wait if another train needs to pass. as german i love trains i hate Deutsche Bahn
In Sydney, we have driverless trains (Sydney Metro). They only run on one line and independent from the rest of the network. Other lines are planned, but won’t run on the same track.
Reality check we all need 🔥🫡
This is like driving an f1 car to the grocery store
at this point just rename trains to "maximized hyper pods" and this will all end
This is the Spin Launch of trains😂
Transportation made by people who are engineers only by name
Transportation made by people who are engineers only by name
"they wanna do 500 km/h on the existing rails" - people already using the existing rails -- "WhY dIdN't We ThInK aBoUt Dis?" *face palms*
Well, they are TECH bros, not physics bros.....
Their hyperloop projects failed and trying to save whatever capital they can. This is lame. Really wish they’d just be made to take the hit so they’d actually learn something. Maybe
We had a MAGLEV "U-Bahn" (on stilts) in West-Berlin in the late 80s, but after reunification it was dismantled, because it ran over land that could have houses and shopping centers on it (the Potsdamer Platz). It was neat and driverless (remote-controlled) ... and slow (they had rubber tires in case the maglev broke down).   The effing technology is old ... but all the new fancy terms are just to sell the idea to stupid governments for some experimental funding.  Germany cant have "true high speed trains", because the entire country is filled with cities and towns ... so it wont be possible to build super straight tracks unless they are all underground in tunnels, which would be really really expensive ... and since the trains also need stations for passengers to get on/off ... the easiest way is to put them on the old tracks going to the old stations. France has Paris ... and then some cities on the edge of the country (mostly the south) ... and the channel tunnel. This leaves a lot of countryside you can cut through with straight tracks.
Bro you talk at .04 speed
8:41 * ERTMS alarm * * Scenario failure: Signal passed at danger * " Are you [censored] kidding me?!"
no need to sugarcoat it even a little bit, the german railnetwork is suffering from decay and personal shortage train delays arent even mentioned until they are ten minutes late and half an hour delays are frequent, the german railnetwork is a rotting carcas
Willkommen in Deutschland, ein besseres öffentliches Verkehr system wie die gute und einzige deutschen bahn.
Though it should be noted that SNCF invested in MagRail (for the tech with maglev over rails, not the pods), while its infrastructure management division is currently looking to automate the busiest high-speed lines, especially LGV Sud-Est first, which is the oldest and busiest in Europe. They want to implement a centralized autopilot system in order to squeeze in a couple more trains per hour on the line thanks to even shorter headways which would only be possible if the speed of all the trains simultaneously running on the line is precisely known and adjusted in real-time.  The technology that's being developed by MagRail could be used on high-speed trains instead of pods, and that's what SNCF is interested in. Also, most lines opened in the last 25 years in France were built to higher speed standards, so the track geometry could allow higher speeds, especially if friction is reduced to only the pantograph.  The MagRail pod vehicles have no practical use on the French HSR network, which is eyeing 200 million passengers yearly by the end of the decade. But the MagRail tech itself could. Just like another "tech bro" autonomous gadgetbahn technology that will be used very differently and very soon in the form of track control and maintenant vehicles positioned in several different sheds along the LGV network. These unmanned vehicles will run in the middle of the night, every night, to check the track and catenary before the first passenger trains. Something that's currently done by several "opening TGV's" in the early hours of every day, on every line, which requires drivers and trains.
Actually not even upset by the ad, that transition was flawless.
Správa železnic mentioned
10:09 StarCraft music raaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!
America a huge land mass, rail is pointless
Tech bros😂😂😂 testicle bros
Adam, have you ever considered doing a video on the state of british rail
i know nothing about trains but i can recognize a guy who knows a lot of stuff about His Thing and is, understandably, fucking pissed at techbros for not knowing stuff about His Thing. well said and well made, my guy
Hydrogen cell trains
Here is the reason autonomous train will not happen. Who will be charged in case of the disaster caused by AI?
Adam sir pls study indian railway network, i am sure find interesting observations, and you can make a video on it if you like  keep up the good work
tech bros on their way to make the most god awful product to exist and charging out the ass for said product:
Ok, there is just so many hungarian refference in this video. Like an unreal amount. What is going on?
Goodluck in mountains and Balkans. 😂😂😂😅
I really hate how they're called "tech" bros, even though it's all about profit for them, never really about tech or innovation
Somehow techbros made trains bad
It's like a train, just without all the good things of a train and with a bunch of new problems. This will be traffic revolution nobody ask for!
As a German, I can confirm all you said about german train traffic. Deutsche Bahn is horrible....but things are moving now. We are investing heavily in our rail system now!
Top gear did it first
2:28 trains running at 350kmph are not rare at all. about 1/3 of chinese high speed rails can run at this speed, that's more high speed rail the entire europe combined.
hear me out we use ai trains
the tech bro mind can't comprehend lead time
Something funny to note for the german train delays, a train that gets cancelled doesnˋt count as delayed… and sometimes trains that have to much delay just don’t visit the last few stops and just make a turn to stop future delays.
How to ruin trains in a nutshell
Every tech bro invention is either trains but worse, buses but worse, or in this case, private jets on rails
i like the TERRAN themed music :)
Everything comes back around eventually
Why must we be subjected to these dorks who wish to simply ignore all the engineering that happened before they were born & try to re-invent everything! Anything good is built on what came before. I wonder if it's a turn or the century thing?
Should have investet in transrapid back then huh!
The only useful thing I can see is the self-propelled cargo car to be used in a sorting yard saves using shunters because you'd only need to modify a yard not the whole line and have a kit you bolt on to the wagons them self's
Maybe the tech bro doesn't want to share a pod with the rest of us 'peasants'.... Oh, hold on that's a taxi......
It's almost like..... the most efficient way to move large volumes of people and products is trains. By most efficient I mean: best combination of cost, speed, and materials. We also figured it out 150 years ago. I know tech bros hate when an industry is completed so completely there is close to zero profit to extract...... but that's the situation  Maybe trains are the carcinization of transportation.
HEY! I clicked on a pod video and ended up learning a lot about trains 😠😠😠 ... I do respect his deep disrespect for "american rail system" tho
All this before the tariff mess
> maglev > uses wheels ...
we can differentiate train speed into: German equals not moving at all or stopping every 2 kilometers, Slow meaning at least it's moving, Fast meaning you just hear it pass by and Japanese meaning the train is zooming around the country in hyperspace ;)
0:23 Poland mention i guess ?
If the Netherlands and Belgium are 93% punctual, do the German trains even arrive at all??
13:39 well since you asked, you're ranting on the internet, and I'm giving you a view and a comment. You're welcome. Keep em comin chief.
Tech Brose be like are trains are better meanwhile the public 😢🤨😒😞😔😟😕🙁☹️😣😖😫😩🥺😢😭😤😠😡🤬😨😰😱🫠🤛🏾🤜🏾✊🏾👎🏾
I agree as an American one are automotive industry lobbied and basically took over it completely gutted our passenger rail system to basically non-existence in most states. We're in desperate need of less highways and more railways especially passenger railways and high speed railways.
7:25 that's not true! They exclude traibs that never arrive or get cancelled! 😂 The actual number is less than 50 at best
I'm trying to imagine someone replacing the GO Train in Ontario with pods.  There's just no way.
Here’s an idea: take those pods, put wings on them, have them go OVER the rails.
Haven't watched the video yet, but I'm guessing they integrated an app
Age of Empires music playing while Adam rants loudly is just perfection.
I really hate the Kiszel Tünde calendar reference
man ill take any kind of rail for america
Yeah, we already invented stuff like this, they´re called airplans....
I find it hilarious that trains cannot (yet) be fully self driving and then these Felon promises FSD and robotaxis....
One thing that I hope people learn more about, are the monopolies of the railways. Once one person owns a sizable amount, we're stuck with a business major from the 1960s maintaining a standard that sustains their leverage over any other rival that could and definitely can do better. Hence the profiturds that keep giving themselves raises.
so.. yet another group of people thinking they need to reinvent the wheel?
Think I've solved the track problem: instead of having lots of tracks all joined together, have a single length of track transported on an automated pod on existing roads.
Our train system in the US could be great. Yet Congress runs Amtrak on just 2.2 billion. For the whole damn country. Its a credit to their workers it still runs
Thanks for this viedo. It is only PR (marketing). Unfortunetly this attitude is right now more common.
> AI prediction But NS (Dutch railway operator) already uses AI... They're using AI to visually inspect their trains for predictive maintenance! You know those cameras that are used to measure who goes over the finish line first, by continuously recording a very thin vertical image? Those are also used on (slowly) moving trains to basically *see* the train, to vision tech can be used to predict whether parts should be maintained.
The two ideas can be boiled down to "Good in theory, but would need a tiny, isolated shunter yard with one dedicated autocar to be viable" and "This is a theme park train who's speed is being judged by turtles"
Pods are like crustaceans of techno-bro's World
I honestly think your content should be *mandatory* in every tech course, university programme, tech start-up etc. 🎉 These guys think they're smart, when usually they struggle even with basics of logic!  🤦‍♀️
(5:23) It's so strange hearing unrelated copyrighted music in videos. Using Nintendo's music when talking about Nintendo; it's illegal, but it's okay. Using Nintendo's music when talking about a POlish company inventing pods for trains across Europe? What?
(0:45) Odd of them to measure it in kilopicohours (kph) which is just a weird way to measure time, instead of, I don't know, a normal unit of speed like kilometre per hour (km/h). One would beleive a Polish company would be able to use units properly.
Love that subtle backhand in your ad placement with your luggage being in bolivia
What techbros say: "We revolutionized this technology!" What techbros mean: "We created a shittier version of an already existing technology and we're desperately trying to replace it so we're the only ones to profit from it."
I use those Stadler kisses and they are amazing
What they don't get is: It doesn't need to become faster. It hast to become more comfortable, cheaper and more reliable. You can improve the speed by the extension of the rail way line. But faster trains are basically useless.
wait is this polish? Holy shit im disappointed
I know I'm a bit late, but it's good to see that at this point every internet "generation" will have their own "tech bros invented trains" moment to enjoy.
they built a train for a world populated by only 20 people
They finally did it
At least they got to trains
The starsector freighter got me good XD
I fell in love with your banter.
Guide to trains -Ignore anything suggested by tech bros -tolerate anything made by the west even though they invented trains -Copy the chinese or japanese they seem to get how trains should work
So adam just hates tech bros for no valid reason
Someone reinvents trains every few years. Very little tech discussion on the other hand about how trains/ train infrastructure can be improved. This shows it is easier to engage in developing hypothetical prototypes than solving real problems
Very nice video as always. You have a very good background to understand railway it is still surprising that most people get it so wrong. I worked in rail transit for 20 years. I am not sure if you know but Bombardier in Canada (When it was known as UTDC) did spent a lot of money trying to build a commuter Maglev and when they realized it could not be done converted it to a linear motor system. The Canadian Skytrain was born. Linear motor was nice but it never made sense commercilly, it was too expensive, was not scalable, provided too much braking (it could send people flying inside the trains) and was sensitive to weather conditions.
Liked for the AOE2 sound track
10:09 StarCraft - Terran One
If they tried this in the US there would be thousands dead every month due to train strikes. There are SO many bizarre train crossings and tracks that run through the center of populated areas with few to no properly signed crossings. If they invested enough to overcome that danger then they would have to deal with the absolute bonkers amount of terrain/climate/geography that modern rail has to deal with which precludes extreme high speed rail in most areas unless you want to deal with derail disasters on a monthly basis.
This dude just said fully automated trains are not possible because they are not possible.
Starsector mentioned 10:11
Damn, that was satisfying to watch. Thank you Adam, you made my day much better
Thing looks like a baguette
I can assure you the data about Italy is wrong, in 30 years I've never seen a train on time, sometimes delayed for hours or canceled
This video featured two ads; One for Ekster, and one for ERTMS. Nicely done Adam :)
Yeah. I am from czechia and it's realy pain travel by train here
The difference is that it's a Polish company and if there's anything we learned from CD Projekt RED, they can make it happen using mud and Slavic magic.
guy is making fun of us rail as if anyone actually needs it what euro mindset
lol, my dude, i think the california hegh speed rail didnt need much sabotage. It failed on its own xD haha Even the proposal was terrible, execution even more so
We been having mag lev and it’s better not a mag lev pod a mag lev train smh
German infrastructure is completely built for car drivers. Our politicians have no interest in a functioning railway system. And even if the DB wants to built new tracks, the NIMBYs are never far away. And why is the nose of this pod so far up? It looks like the air is going to go underneath the nose, lifting the whole thing up and derail it at higher speed.
Czech here and, ouch, ouch ouch, that was bellow the waist hit my man.
"Tech bros" who do not understand anything about a topic want to sell a "new" revolutionary technology to people who also do not understand anything about that topic (usually politicians) to grift tax money. At the same time no one is asking people with actual knowledge on the topic whether or not it is feasible or even sensible.  Modern "economics"...
I'm sorry, I know this is about trains and all, but that the fucking Kiszel Tünde calendar just offed me 😂
Freight trains own the rail system, all of this would have to work around an already fully utilized system.
I've got an idea for a new train it goes 1000km/h and thats the idea what do you think
This has actually invested me in trains. They're so efficient. Huge capacity, huge throughput, extremely reliable, and not to mention cool as fuck.
> "train" > look inside > pod
Whenever a tech bro gets their hands on ANYTHING, remember it's never ever about the product, service or industry. It's all marketing and showmanship to move money around continuously so taxes can be avoided on the logistic side and to be considered bigger than human on the personal mental side. When your idea is unfeasible and you move ahead, I question your reasoning.  Fresh investors wanting their golden goose and to feel like big dogs at the cocktail party will invest in the air umbrella, Bber for iguanas, and this rail service. With customers come a business to sell to them. Employees aren't hard to find since A.I is pushing a-lot of them out and cool new startup on a resume am i right? All their friends heard of it. Social manipulation. Marketing makes this possible. They film 6-10 long form videos designed for the blogs and recruiting to showcase the "revolution" they're getting ready to "disrupt". This feeds the system.  Social media allowing anyone to become media agencies in their own right has birthed the Tech Bro. ALL INDUSTRY from gaming and music to SASS products have been tech bro'd to where the culture and energy around a product matters more than the product itself. Only regulated industries like Law and Medicine have been tech bro proof because the industry doesn't rely on marketing and looking cool to sell its product. They actually have to deliver or they're dead in the water...or arrested if we mention Theranos.  There used to be a point in time when the CEO was a known but not a known face, kinda like NFL players. You'd never know the CEO of Coca-Cola was standing next to you at the market unless you were a fan already. But for some reason in the tech bro space, marketing and content creation around themselves is always required because again, it's not about the product. Siemens could invent a brand new pump to revolutionize the medical space and it's crickets online. It works, it's affordable, it's a PRODUCT. Tech bros need YouTube channels, great editing, an asshole complex they blame on self-diagnosed Asperger's.... It's not about the product at all. So what's the point? What's the service?  a tax service for the wealthy and uneducated investors fresh off their company's IPO that paid them in stock. That's all. Most of them when they fail just say they had fun and learned along the way. These are the people wanting to "disrupt" stuff.
When will Ekster come out with a sleek, stylish pouch to put our coke in? laybe we can attach it to the moneyclip which we can attach to the cardholder aaaaand I have a wallet again.
On this episode of, consult an expert PLEASE, we dive deep into people who did not consult an expert who actually knows what a train is.
Wait there's worse train services than here in Germany
i genuinely dont get why we dont work together wit hthe chinese to get their transport
This is just a fast tram that kills all the passengers and probably a few more people along the track.
They invented private jets that need infrastructure to move
I’m not mad even bc then weirdos who think these tech bros are forward thinking will adopt this and get very popular and more will want in and create their own and essentially we’ll get decent public transportation lmao. At least in the US our trains are so dookie now and public is so scarce that this will push the government to want in or improve its own. That or they’ll regulate it.   Kinda like how some have started with the plan of “big” ride sharing and essentially just have a bus made 💀
Just getting the tracks ready for the bright line down in Florida was a pain in the ass
Its not meant for us. The purpose of a system is what it does. This pod system is for a select few, at the detriment of EVERYONE else. No other trains can run if one of those things is running. There can be no high density house near tracks if one of those things is running. There can be no cargo if those things are running. That is by design, trying to work them into the current system is futile. Like all things tech bro, it requires that regular people are essentially eliminated from the equation so that their crazy 'vision' can work. Its a lot more insidious than you think.
blud wanna be shinkansen so bad 😭🙏🙏🙏
Deutsche Bahn passengers is not going to like this
Hearing that they want to do all this on existing rails, all I could think was "one turn and that train puts 'bullet' in 'bullet train'"
You vill get in ze pod
It really is such a simple idea: moving a very very large number of people kind of slowly is actually much faster than moving a small number of people very fast, because in the second case you will need to wait a long time until it's your turn to go. Write that on a sign over every traffic-clogged freeway, every maglev startup office, every robotaxi pickup station. If nothing else it will give the bored people sitting there something to read.
I don't get this whole argument from Christians because the lore says that God was present in the garden at times. God interacted with humans after that. So why has he forsaken us now so that we can only have faith without any of the proofs we saw before. If God only wanted us to have faith then God should have never been present, communicated with us or performed miracles for us.
Are these tech bros feeling humiliated already or what? Their own lack of basic understanding is astounding!
Does anyone know the name of the song at 7:03? I really like it but can't remember
What's a hyperloop?   Also, why not make different tracks for industry and civilian?   Did I just hear AoE music?
After we've all already lost our jobs to AI and robots, and the tech broligarchs realize that nobody is consuming their shitty subscription services because nobody has any money because nobody has a job, they will probably invent a new disrupting radical service:  "Imagine like a place in the physical realm, where like real breathing human subjects go, and they like do various kinds of labor that creates revenue, and like they get monetary incentives to do said labor. We – here at InnovaLabor inc. — believe this the future of subsription based revenue model for doing labor in the physical realm!"  "So, it's a job?"  "We like to call it subscription based revenue model for doing labor in the physical realm, it's a new disruptive, emerging..."  "So it's a job?"
I was going to say "It's as if Techbros can't conceive of anything more complicated than a Computer" but that's not entirely accurate, I think. I mean, Computers are pretty complicated, after all.  But you can also just concieve of a computer as software and a box. I'm wondering if Techbros just think of everything as Software (the thing they want to manipulate) and boxes (which are Janus-faced, being both brute, unchanging facts and also invisible, background, not in any way constraining what is possible.)  Rails are the box, and stuff like... THIS is the software they want to run.
I was on the high speed train from Shanghai to Beijing doing 350kph!! And that was in 2018!!
I can’t get over its shape, it’s like they looked at a plane and said “huh, that must be aerodynamic”, not realising planes are shaped like that to help with lift, there’s a reason current trains have their nose lower to the ground, because it provides more down force than lift.
usually tech bro invent something that was discovered before they just rename it imagine wheel they call it a ball
Czech Republick mentioned!!! Lets fucking go! wait a minute...
You Are Democratics-Doom-Indemonics of Junkyives-Democratics-Indemonics of Renaissance-Dystopians
nice touch using AoE 2 music from the "Dark Age"
10:10 I love the StarCraft Terran music.
It's the music for me
holy shit is that starsector at 10:10
if something went wrong at 550kmh it would look like that train crash scene from super 8 but i could imagine it would be worse in more populated areas or whatever tech bros was thinking
As a german i can approve that the auto lobby has alot of influence in our government
* insert * bros making anything is a disaster
OFF DA RAILZ
I've never stolen copper, but if this shit rolled out past my house I'd steal the shit out of some copper
The people that know how to upgrade rail transport are the people who work on the railroads.
tbh trains in general are the closest we have to safe self driving pod transport
I fucking love trains so much
no matter how much we try to explain all this to the "tech bro's" they are not intelligent enough to even begin to comprehend how their nonsense cant work in the real world, hell, it cant even work in a ideal sci-fi fantasy world, unless said ideal sci-fi fantasy world is post apocalyptic with less then a billion people world wide and out of which only the top 1% can use those ugly af "pod" trains and those ugly af "pod" cars, and hyperadvanced AI drones maintaining the rails and roads and all trains and cars being exclusively operated and maintained by AI.
8:33 a Közdok befigyel😂
something something monkeys typewriter hamlet, Techbros macbooks trains. you get what i mean?
But Adam, what if  those 20 people were oligarchs with 200 billion to burn for the lulz?
Damn you. Now I have to reinstall Starcraft. Right after I reinstalled DeusEx.
Didn’t Elon already do this…oh…
2:42 glad that honkai star rail is mentioned.
The train punctuality chart where Adam was pointing out that Germany was pretty low on the list is really funny, because Britain wasn't even on the list. In Britain, betting on your train arriving is like playing russian roulette with half the chambers loaded...
Tech bros would reinvent the wheel but make it cloud connected AI powered and you have to pay a subscription to get a certain amount of spins and it breaks every 2 years artificially.
Again?
those trains dont look shuntable
Even the combine in half life 2 decided to stick to trains for their transport, learn from the masters of intergalactic empires
that is so stupid, the entire point of magnetic trains is so they float and dont encounter as much friction. these trains have all the downsides of maglevs and less off the upsides  *oh , and they will derail very often moving that fast*
For how much Tech-Bros flex with their "economic knowledge and foresight" they know literally nothing about cost efficiency.  The best example is air trafic. The Concord as the first and only pessanger plane capable of supersonic speed was shut down befor it was even released, because it simply wasn´t efficient. The massively increased fuel consumption, drasticly decreased passenger count and overall production/maintinence cost of the plane itself just didn´t outweigh the increased speed. In fact, the speed of passenger flights stagnates since multiple decades simply because we are at the threshhold where conventional jet planes would become exponentionaly less efficient with increased speed. Hence why research in passenger planes concentrate more on making more fuel efficient engines rather than going faster.
yo, great idea her:  how about we start building a pod that can travel across the ocean. they can seat 4 people and can use fancy words to convince you that i actually calculated shit.👍
wait until they figure out what bullet trains are, that'll be a show
Do you think the creator of the train ever thought about how goddamn long lasting his ideas actually would be after he scribbled out his initial ideas for an on rails vehicle? It's honestly like nature with insects- the overall design might change, but the legacy features are basically all the same and haven't changed in a long, long, really long time. Hell, if our species manages to survive further into the future, I can bet you trains with some form of rail and connected cars are still going to be a thing.
I’m going to become a tech bro so I can reinvent the wheel, make it stupidly convoluted and impractical and get about 10,000 in various failing cryptocurrencies before vanishing off the face of the earth
Was that a freighter from the game Starsector im seeing?
With a title and thumbnail like that, it's an easy decision to not watch the video and avoid this channel.
We learned nothing from the concorde
Dear Pizza Hut,       Literally death stranding with side max stix  Love,  Ronnie
The good thing is that in case of accidents you don't get injured because you're atomized.
Did someone say crack in my infrastructure video?? Love it
As a classic nerd please dont associate us with tech bros, tech bros are just bros who get into comp sci in college and only learn how to stab on the shoulders of giants while simultaneously ventriloquisming the giant to make it look like its saying some bs about pods and blockchain
You think tech bros would know one of the biggest rules of tech is scalability. You need to design your shit for when you eventually have to add more shit, it won't break.
6:56 LMAO SUBTITLES EVEN SAYS "build enough BS" XDDD
"Except for the Czech Republic. They seem to love crashing trains into each other" TOO SOON ADAM
I work for a swiss railway contractor and let me tell you one thing. The issue is not making fast trains but making trains move fast *safely*. Its always a matter of safety. You want to be more efficient? No problem, but being more efficient while fulfilling all safety requirements? Complicated. We had once some tech bros from india who tried to sell us their train supervision system, which was basically our already existing supervision system, just without all the safety measures. They really thought they could just use their crappy coding and some ETCS subsets and get rich with it.
So for now their technology allows eg for a German steel company to reduce the transport from one stage of the plant to another from two hours to five minutes. That secured them a deal for hundreds of millions of Euro. They do work on the hyperloop but they actually do much, much more. They also have a deal with the French railway operator as with a small addition to a normal train you can turn it into a magnetic train. And thus it can drive and brake much faster with less material usage. Having a modern rail without the need to change the entire infrastructure is gold for many companies. And it’s the same technology they plan to use for the hyperloop (whether they succeed with it or not). So you made a sarcastic material about them, while they’re actually kicking as in train transportation big time and you get to look ignorant.
Terran Theme from Starcraft BW @10:08
If we had like 500km straight rails running in the middle of a country? If we use a lot of concrete for avoid thermal, geologic, human distorsions of the rails maybe it could work... Obviously with a bigger train than a rolling d
why not just force train people to be train drivers. Most people probably work mc donalds. There's no reason to believe they would do worst if you make it easy and you spread out that work load + you get punished or fired for not doing what you are intended to.
7:16 true but that's germany, what isn't shitty in german? 😂 They are like USA of Europe We have banned German trains from entering our country because they always delayed everything 😂
4:33 as always when i see a "smart" wallet: where tf do i put my coins?😂
the dumbest part about this whole concept is that Japan already made it, but as an actually functional train rather than singular pods, and theirs goes even faster with all the amenities and benefits of an actual train
the us has one of the largest rail systems but most lines in the us are owned by the 4 damn private freight companies, bnsf, union pacific, csx, & norfolk southern.
I didnt expect a Starsector reference tonight. Enjoy your like and subscrib.
11:20 Lol
We already have high speed trains in Poland... That can't do high speeds due to rail infrastructure being overlooked for over a decade, we can't go over 180km/h on these rails! WTF are they thinking!
How loud would this thing be?  Also the shock wave would be destructive to everything along the track.
1:07 okay, now hear me out.  If you could make a linear motor system that didn’t need any rolling stock modifications other than, say, magnetizing the bogies by rolling them through OMEGA magnets or something, this system would be super cool for yard work.   It would be like taking remote controlled slugs to the next level.
Its more fun watching these for the breakdowns of existing technology rather than what flickwits want to replace it with.
I don’t understand what the problem is, if anything, people aren’t thinking fast enough. You could, include, say,  rocket engine on the rear of the mag lev train. You could also put this train in a tube without any air in it. This would remove the normal air resistance and encapsulate the train in a vacuum. With this we could reach speeds of up to 1700 km/h and it would be the fastest possible means of travel ever achieved. But if we also make the trains into individual pods, we’re talking close to maybe 2300 km/h.
In Japan they're already testing with maglev coupled with normal train treacks. But still on a test-track. And these are real trains, real train cars, real lenght and capacity. And even they are waiting for someone to invest in new routes with dedicated tracks. But atlesast no renderings: Tom Scott did ride a real one.
We only ever hear about rich people's ideas..  How about     slow trains.   We go back to using horses and donkeys,     and like..   green energy.     Or why not bring back stagecoach trips?         Poor people have bad ideas too!!!
"There's a shortage of Train Drivers?!?"    *EXCITED*    "oh. that's a job that'll get quickly automated..."    ...      you need a degree for it too :(
Holy shit, the SC2 Terran music caught me off guard lmao
So basically, the Concorde, but for trains... and it's by tech bros...
There is one more problem in Germany: we have not invested in our rail system for 10 years, really and literally, yes. Most of it is so broken by now that we basically have to redo everything, and we have removed a lot of switches where trains could have otherwise easily overtaken each other. It is a management issue
Why so they always wanna get rid of engines, no engine, no train, period.
The big problem with 550kph on existing tracks, every set of points, every grade crossing, every corner, will need to be slowed down for. Not to mention turns in the vertical direction. Imagine reaching a downgrade and flying off the track, or crushing a bridge at the bottom of a hill.
Even I know how to make more effective concepts :c  And am a certified idiot.
Well cable theft is not really a problem of a "third rail". A decade ago a whole trolleybus line was stolen by thieves in my city over one night. 80% of wires were cut from ground and stolen.
another simple reason of why it's a bad idea to use the same rail for this project is simple physic  let's take a high speed train going 300 km/h and compare it to the 500 km/h pod and one going 100km/h for easy math on a 1000km trip  the slowest one will take 10hours and the tgv will only take a small 3,33hours big gape between them so we can guess that the pod will have a bigger gap pod would take 2hours we only gain 1,33hours at some point the advantage we get from getting faster isn't enough to be worth chasing here we have a good exemple for that and for this exemple i took an ideal scenario where train is going from the start to the end at max speed without taking into account some part of rail are going slower like station, city, when the train is going up and bend the pod going faster than train we could take a wild guess that it's going to get more affected by it than high speed train who had track made for them
I didn't expect to hear an AOE2 music here but it fits perfectly so I'm definitely all for it
These guys have great ideas if you don't consider the world and the people in it.
I am watching this video while on an Amtrak train. On the Northeast regional line
What’s a train??!! Never heard of that down in Australia
silicon valley nerds design things that really do everything except be efficient or compatible with existing infrastructure
I get it that a useless 550 kmph pod is bad, but when ur going 550 kmph windows and stuff around the tracks and overheadwires/poles does NOT fly away or get damaged, how do I know? Wel the're is a video where the SNCF did the world record of the fastest train with a max speed of 578 kmph, faster than 550, and if you look closely, you can see that nothing is flying with it, incl rocks on the tracks, yes the tracks where that TGV ran on to do the record was made of concrete and ROCKS, so this is misinformation and you don't know how physics work, I think its better for you to do school all over again
no fully automated trains? uhh have u heard of the Vancouver Sky Train?
Poland mentioned,
See Tech bros save the day again ( provided enough capital is invested).
This desire to call everything a Pod is laughable. Jails have Pods, let's send Them There?
You look into everything that is.
I am all here for DB bashing
Danke!
Sorry but I got distracted from the fellowship of the rings game sounds track   Nice choice of music BTW
America has trains. Lots of trains, working well, all the time. But the don't carry people. Just cargo.  America has lots of trains. Just not passenger trains. We have cargo trains.
There was once a high speed train accident in Eschede, because the Steel wheel had a dent. Because of the dent, the wheel exploded at a high speed, blowing a whole in the roof and lifting the train into the air and of the rails. The accident happened in carriage 3. Carriage 3, 4 and 5 destroyed a brigde in the process. Carriage 6 was burried under the collapsing brigde. Carriage 7 collided with the collapsed bridge  and was compessed to 15cm (5,9 inches). The Carriages 7 till 12 (the end) just piled on top. The train conducter stopped at the next trainstation, because the train lost some power and suffered a huge shock, when the train station asked him, where the rest of his train was. The train had round about 230 passengers on board (inkluding the first two carriges). 108 of those were severly hurt, 70 of those with life threatening injuries. 96 more were likely dead before the first ambulance arrived 5 minutes later.  If i learned one thing, high speed is a death trap, when done poorly and only for profit maximasation. Even something insignificant like a small dent a wheel, has tragik consequenses.
Beautiful StarCraft soundtracks.
I always thought Maglev was related to Malev and MAV... ✈🚂
Making cars hold hands doesn't give you free energy; trains are efficient because steel is harder than rubber. There are already enough reasons why this is stupid. You don't need to make more.
Additionally, imagine train levitating over rails and having cross wind. What would keep it on track?
this thing on preview looks like a meme
It's like these people never learned why Concorde failed
Its always funny when people talk shit on american trains without admitting the concept of long distance here is magnitudes larger.
Why would you implement a worse than usual Kiszel Tünde at 11:22 though? I was frightened to death🤣
Bro do a video on mumbai rails!!!!! Pweeeaaassee🥺🥺
There is a long history of tech deniers that have all been wrong. Have you been to the optometrist?
NIR caf 4000 be able to be expanded despite not being made to
1 minute in and I already know it's bs 😅
That even makes the hyperloop look good
You need to do a video on those wallets you are pushing. You know, how no wallet can reduce the size and thickness of my driverś license, credit cards, money, etc.
The pictures about Hungary and MÁV caused me PTSD, why did you show pictures about the worst train system in the EU? 😅😅 Currently the intercity trains in Eastern Hungary have a maximum speed of 120 km/h, less than what it was 5 years ago (140 km/h). And our most advanced tracks have a limit of 160 km/h.  It's a fucking disaster.
didnt knew you were a starsector player
10:10 Atlas (Starsector) spotted. Love to see it.
>Build highspeed rail made for 600km/h >put a ramp at the end >add wings to the pod >give the pod engines that can keep it midair >add a co-driver for safety It's that easy gu-...wait a minute...
how come we can't have you design our infrastructure you clearly have more sense than entire states over here - an american
Didn't know Czechia had such a bad rep in the railway world
RAILJET MENTIONED
Personnel shortages are desirable. You _do not want_ a personnel surplus. Because personnel surplus means the workers are expendable.
In an alternate universe, tech bros are trying to push imitation crab meat and Adam has a biological science background and is youtube’s foremost crab enthusiast.
Honestly im embarrased that these people are polish. They did NOT need to clarify that
whats with techbro's obsession with pods? pod houses, pod cars, pod trains, what's next? Pod kitchens?
having teains that go faster than normal trains can be inovative if it wasent for tge obsesion with PODS
Re-inventing the wheel.. My head feels like it's gonna blow. How innovative! (Not)
STARSECTOR IMAGE DETECTED
They did it _again?_
Tech bros don't have to have good ideas, they just have to be able to trick other Tech Bro Venture Capitalists
MagRail sounds like the stroad of railway infrastructure. Trying to be a conventional rail and a maglev at the same time and in doing so, it's failing to be either.
with the Magrail idea, it potentially could be useful in railyards still, mainly due to it eliminating the need for shunters being used as often, but it should be left with an incredibly low max speed and with shunters still being ready in case of something going wrong
9:07 oh my fucking god i did not expect you to call it that
They want to sell this as a charter option for billionaires to compete with private jets. They will have a bad time when their prospective customers explain that being on rail on the ground is an unacceptable safety risk (because they have stolen from everyone that lives in the countries they travel through).
9:03 Spit-take moment.
Most tech bros know nothing about economics, geography, and engineering when they're planning their design.
as an american, what train infrastructure?
Why does the render not have a pantograph? It has an overhead wire, but nothing to collect power from it.
6:11 love that screenshot of the DB connections. 7 Connections and 3 delayed sums up the current state of Deutsche Bahn. 😂
again? Its like 5th time in 21st century...
Honestly, to me, speed is not even an issue . . . I just wish european rail was less fragmented & more affordable.
Shouldn't regular speed start at 1? due to the lack of movement at 0 mph. or is 0 a place holder speed for under 1mph but not actually stopped?
8:13 aged very well haha
14:14 as if it wasn't bad enough, they thing AI is advanced enough to be safely usable for traffic? There is a very good reason self-driving cars aren't a thing yet.
Ey, common at least they try... right? Lmao They should focus on building out tunnels etc... speed up things there.
They're so out of touch, they don't even know what GRASS is.
"literally death stranding" lmao
That's why Engineer exist.
A railway is a linear structure there is no advantage to break a train into "pods" since pod passing is impossible.
Meanwhile, Japanese maglev trains are looking at this shit like 😮‍💨🤦🏼‍♀️ I'm slowly realizing my first trains being japanese ones has RUINED ME...
Respect
Wait a minute! 2:08 That three 'Regular: 0-160 km/h' train looks suspiciously hungarian...
8:16 Looking forward to them getting rekked at the upcoming Election
Looks like something you would drive rich people in down to see the titanic...
Reinvented*
gotta love his unique takes on including sponsorships
although I agree with you on this being a stupid idea I feel obliged to point out that the turn thing has another detail making higher speeds possible. the swedish train X2000 was specifically designed for higher speeds through sharper turns by leaning the entire train towards the direction you are turning so you don't fall over. the trains are always delayed because they are used by slow trains on the same lines but a similar solution should theoretically be possible in USA as well and could work better than the german and swedish trains if you find some lesser used rails.
imma be honest, so long a train doesn't run on fossil fuels, it's positive reputation for me and i will upvote it
These "tech bros" need to understand that you cannot escape the laws of physics.
I love the ad placement on this wallet, I mean video 😅🤣
Belgian trains are that on time 😮 🤯 maybe i was just perennially unlucky cause, during my PhD there, delayed train connections have cost me to miss a flight and another i barely made by abandoning the train halfway and transferring to a taxi.
shamburger
Driverless trains could work if you have only 2 lines. One line in one direction, and second line in other. No crossing, moving only in one direction.
The DART (Dallas Area Rapid Transit) is an electric train system in Dallas Texas, which if I’m correct with my guess goes at about 60 miles per hour, which is about 115 km per hour  Idk where I was going with this I just wanted to mention DART lol… unfortunately DART has horrible anti-homeless stuff in place… a church was forced to move their program where they feed homeless people
As a german i disagree about the percentage of delayed trains. The DB counts a train as "punctual" if the delay is less then 15 minutes and even then according to the DB less then 60% managed that in 2024. I really like your take on these thing but your number there sounds a bit to good... Public transport is quite good in my city though...
deus ex music
I have a new idea: supersonic trams run by AI! I want a few hundred billion dollars to develop this idea, venture capitalists.
I love how we went from "tech bro stuff trash" to "check out this tech bro wallet, it based" so quickly.
10:10 You must construct additional pylons. I felt that.
Don't trust the Dutch and Belgium punctuality numbers! Trains that are cancelled or less than 5 minutes late are not counted as late!
it honestly makes my blood boil to hear a polish company is doing this stupid tech scam bullshit, i thought we were better than that
The only channel which tells the truth
7:17 _cries in slovenian_
American train system is terrible me and my wife planned to travel from Houston to Chicago this winter to go visit her family flying isnt an option she has trauma from being in a plane crash as a kid, we could only find one train that would take us there and for the cheapest option possible well it would have been cheaper to rent a car and drive it there and back and we where completely unable to find a train that would have taken us back to texas before our vacation was over so we ended up driving even if we had hotboxed that rental both ways and the company had kept the security deposit it still would have been cheaper than one way train tickets for two people
We don't need trains to go faster, we just need MORE TRAINS
Funny enough i live in Poland and i believe there was a hyper fast rain truck supposed to be build in the area i work. There is a big industrial complex located near a forest and they were supposed to cut a lane trough it and put the rails but it have been like 3 years they cut down trees and nothing happens after that. I wouldn't be surprised if they took the money and hit the road.
Just make em infinitly scalabe and it might be better then normal trains
It looks like the fuzzy worm toy
The answer is to turn the world into a cartoon, then all those pesky laws of physics won't get in the way
I love watching all the other countries suffer from bad transportation while having Shinkansen going 350kph and waiting for a maglev we call Liner motorcar planned to go 550kph in Japan😊 It’s not those easy fast innovation but a hard working consistency that bring results. I’m grateful for all the engineers and maintenance out there doing jobs that aren’t acknowledged much but bring significant results. Thank you so much from a fellow engineer.
As an American I’m just depressed beyond words at the state of our rail network. I’m fortunate to live near a railway that still operates passenger lines but it runs maybe 3 times a day? So many of our biggest problems wouldn’t even exist if we hadn’t shot our rail industry in the back of the head.
You don't really need a very high-speed train for rail transport, a good rail transport is comfortable, punctual, affordable and reliable. I often have to travel between my hometown and my university which located in other city between semester, and I have the option of taking 1-hour intercity train for approx. $15-$20 or get a 3-hour long journey commuter train for $1 and most of the time the commuter train is good enough since I would rather buy $1 train ticket and spent the rest on buying foods and snack for the journey since unless you're a time constrained person (like a businessman) you don't really need expensive high-speed rail. Most people will just buy Plane ticket if they need to journey far and take a car/bus if the distance is short so a train should be in between them i.e. faster than car/bus with similar or better comfort and cheaper than airplane with better reliability and punctuality
6:00 "... two pairs of trains per day..." I would DREAM about having two pairs of trains per day between Auckland and Wellington here in New Zealand - all we get on the Northern Explorer is one northbound service on one day, followed by a southbound service the next day. That's... HALF a return journey per day. And the tickets are tourist-trap crazy expensive. **weeps quietly**
Take 2 on the AI voice: words are being slurred and mashed together.... In a way no human would. For example around 2:25 timestamp. I can't stand it anymore. Could be a bad video cut job, but,
Kinda worried the narrator is an AI as all things on the web blogs are nowadays. Sounds like an AI
I wish I could like this multiple times.
13:03 ok ok, that's one mistake you've made. We (🇬🇧) invented the technology to go fast round corners on existing track, the tilting train. You're not going to go 550 obviously but the APT did go 250 on regular track.  In the 1970s.
550kmh is Mach 0.44 So two trains passing each other is like one train going transonic.
Trains going 550km/h on regular train tracks is a recipe for disaster.
🇫🇷🇫🇷❤
North American railroads can't even install overhead pantagraph on existing rail corridors in a timely fashion. Good luck with this pipe dream.
Slovensko image mentioned!
making a video knocking on tech bros' idea about trains while having a sponsor that sells goofy, shitty wallets...that is classic.
Recently, I heard someone on TikTok suggested people use one dedicated smartphone that belongs to the entire family and is always kept in the house. Like.. a house phone? Are we so messed up we're gonna start "inventing" things that have existed for hundreds of years now AND STILL EXIST AND ARE USED???
Just like the sea pods, you don't seem to appreciate the conceptual drawings and graphics, one can almost believe they are real.  However, I do really like your novel way of describing these "concepts".     I must however disagree about them almost getting a train after the previous "concepts" failed, but they didn't.  They were able to build a prototype sea pod, and they did buy a cruise ship, so they actually had something more tangible than an almost train.  I have to wonder, did they have a high speed boat, or a friend with a yacht so they could get the hell out of Thailand fast?  One thing is certain, they won't be able to go to Thailand anymore.
Any cases wasted money hyper loop is OK this one not
I actually burst out laughing when I heard "550 Kph." Who goes along with this crap? I don't even know anything about trains, beyond the obvious.
When are people going to understand that these "innovations" have nothing to do with the industry or "problem" they're pretending to solve. This is only to get money from investors that they can pay themselves in extortionate salaries, then shelve the whole project once the money runs out.  Wouldn't surprise me either if most this is really a money laundering scheme.
I like the design, its like shrimp sushi train, probably already been done in Japan sometime ago too
5:38 Apparently Northern Ireland is no longer part of the United Kingdom
I'm going to object to the description of American rail as mostly a joke with only two pairs of trains a day. Most routes run one train in each direction, not two. Except for two lines, which only run three times a week in each direction.
Even Indonesia got a hsr before merica
Current bullet trains have been clocked for demonstration at almost 400 kph. They cannot do that with passengers inside for a few important reasons. These “bros” always come out with a gimmick idea that is not practical but looks “cool”
big driver sponsored this video i bet lol
13:30 look i liked the video, your voice and everything then the Age of Empires soundtrack kicked in. Subbed. brb gonna go find your patreon
AoE OST mentionned, instant like
I live in Northern Illinois where we have about 16 trains per day in over 50 towns across the Chicago land area and in Chicago proper there are L trains every 10 minutes
"Don't try to tell me facts or use logic and reason grounded in reality! You're just a dinosaur who doesn't understand tech or the future!" - every Techbro about anything
7:40 sweden not even ranked, checks out
It could work if you fix some details, but it'd be EXTREMELY expensive
YOU ARE SO SMART, WHY YOU DID NOT MAKE SOMETHING GREATER THAN THOSE TECH BROS...? 😊😊😊
I hate the term tech bro when in reality these are just sales people in the tech industry that know next to nothing about tech. They probably have an actual tech guy that's already saying this is impossible, but they still keep pushing it.
What I don't understand is how are investors stupid enough to invest in the same idea time after time.
Apparantly, the way to fix transportation is to make everything look like something I'd see on a PH pop-up ad.
pretty convenient for elon to say hyperloop was just a "plot to cancel high speed train" after it failed so badly
amazing, hyperloop, bus, tech bros, etc.
Hahaha , I had a good laugh , and recognised Age of empires  music  haha 👍👍👍
I came here for trains, stayed for AOE 2.
500 kp/h with „conventional Steel Wheels“?! Yeah that’s gonna work just fine 👍
The AI being used for scheduling and such is the only thing AI (ChatGPT) could come up with for an improved train network. I think it wants a new job. Personally I would instead go with the unification plan of communication between countries on the rail network, which does not need any AI bullshit.
The TGV is already capable of reaching 550kmph, in fact they reached that record a while ago in an isolated experiment but of course it usually runs at no more than 350, because they are not stupid as shit. Also that renders the entire concept of the pod useless since it solves virtually 0 problems whatsoever
speaking from experience of being czech  yes we do love our frequent train collisions they are very nice  make for very good calendars (i own one)
Was not expecting to hear Sims 2 music lmao makes me kinda nostalgic even though I can still just go and play it
As a Chinese person if you selling EVs then the absence of high speed rail is not what you want. EVs aren't as suitable for going long distances, especially if it's cold, through the middle of nowhere. That's why EVs work so well here is we aren't driving them across the country because we have trains that are very fast connecting the whole country.  I'm also obligated to say that you're deluded if you think you can go faster than Shanghai Maglev on conventional rail. We just achieved 1000 km/h train and it uses way more advanced stuff than can be layed on a regular rail.
Honestly, unless a rail road was designed from the ground up to make a train go fast. No train needs to to super fast, that is what planes are for. I rather have trains be a efficient way to move a ton of people and stuff. And I also like luxury trains were you can eat and sleep on there. I hope someday I can travel to a place that I can ride a train for a couple days looking out of the window at their gorgeous country side.
Stader kiss hig speed a giruno would be a bether pick
Why are techbros so obsessed with pods?
Just for information the French tgv already goes to 550 km they just don’t do it for security
Why are the techbros who hate paying taxes so much always proposing schemes that involve huge public infrastructure spending? Do they genuinely not understand that taxes pay for public infrastructure?
I live in germany and there are meny jokes about trains being late
This video has demonstrated that trains are dumb and the interstate system needs to increase the speed limit to 100 mph.
German here: we don’t keep the trains shit bc we want to sell more cars. We keep the trains shit bc it’s cheaper and cheaper is always better no matter what right?
@Adam Starcraft? Lol
It's not just the rails. The nr one reason why high speed trains don't drive at their max speeds is because the wear & tear on the wheel bearings grows exponentially with speed.
As a German, thank you for calling out how stupid our railway system (and FDP) is
7:23  romanias trains are so bad they arent even there
Dude. The Age of Empires theme was awesome.
At least the Hyperloop was honest about needing its own dedicated line. Even the California High Speed Rail was going to be garbage because of shared freight lines. The US just runs so much freight on our rail because we are so big, we need dedicated lines for High Speed passenger rail. Which is probably why almost none of it exists here.
as a tech bro, this is why software engineers are not cival engineers. you design and write code. stick to that.
Filmento is that you
That's a fucking amazing video
congratulations germany, you found a way to be worse than máv
Thanks for feeding me that sweet Age of Empires music. Now I'll have to stop what I'm doing and go play.
the usa is desperately in need of rail road innovation. they need to stop shipping everything buy stupid trucks.  Trains are far more efficient at moving large quantities of goods the problem is the truck drivers and the lobbing groups that support them don't want to change.  It would be far better to build a long term rail transport system than use trucks for long hauling -short hauling yes.
There's no shortage of rail operators, there is only a shortage of rail operators at the current wage
The only way this could work is if they made whole new tracks for it, however then itll be basocally like private jets, stuff for rich people only
Fun fact about Ekster, the word means magpie in Dutch because it's a wallet and magpies steal things. i think it's very funny
7:20 Czechia: 76% *"Damn you, České dráhy!!"* ✊
6:14 What can I say other than "Maybe we're just too good?" 😂  Saying this joke caught me off-guard would be an understatement.
The real brilliance of the tech bro train is that it sounds like a bunch of simple common sense things (to people who don't know much about how anything actually works)
I generally couldn't care less about trains. But tech bro idiots got me through the door and a good video kept me engaged! ❤ I liked learning a little about trains.
Train gang unite! Had to subscribe
9:10 😂😂😂😂😂
It's almost like mass people, point to point movement has been perfected for hundreds of years...
french trains can already go 550 km/h
I love your videos.
Ahh yes, higher speed trains only exist in Austria
I find it weird that higher speed is slower than high speed.
What if we just got a bunch of giant slingshots, and then put trampolines where people land? Future of transportation
It looked like some kind of weird suppository 😂
But it works fine in my factorio mockup! \s
7:18 that is TRUE! Slovenske železnice is DOGSHIT! My friend who takes the train has a 10min delay almost every day, and when I take it it just stops on the tracks for five minutes.
StarCraft music jumpscare at 10:10
The reason why the railsystem in america is dogshit is because america is a car centric country. only place with passenger trains is cities like new york and the occasional cargo train. It sucks cuz I wanna ride a train.
The Deutsche Bundesbahn had the idea for fast freight trains with a Vmax of 160 km/h back in the 80s. They started the service in 1991 and stopped it in 1994 due to inefficiency. Tech Bro probably thought no one would have thought of the idea before.  Oh and the frog eaters have already reached 574.8km/h so you can do that without weird pods...
SLOVENIA SHOWN IN VIDEO SLO SLO SLO SLO SLO  WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Wouldnt be profitable either or only  with airline prices beacuse a ice costs around 15-30 € to Opererate per trip per person and it has 800 Passengers and is slower . So that system uses the same system but with more components and fewer customers ? Yeah sure
Omg the hyperloop scam summarizes everything wrong with capitalists
11:23 Tünci wall calendar is a must of course!
God I wish the US had good trains. I actually LIKE the idea of trains and think driving is too costly and nerve-wracking in big cities! Even if it's just on the Highway system, that still would be WONDERS better than... what, the South Shore Line up here that goes from Chicago to South Bend and back?
Small correction. The cargo pod is not made obsolete by Gmail, but rather it is made obsolete by the telegraph.
Amtrak once bought a ICE train because of the Acela era
These days most Tech bro ideas are  to launch a new  asset class, or they grift money off investors on an industry that already exists, but that they claim to be revolutionizing with a plan that doesn't work, and a business model that's not financially viable. many times tech bros know this, they're just stealing money from morons.
Tech bros are wannabe artists - they wish to be the most creative to make an original product, but they do it with the motivations of fame and money. And if they wanna get funded, it has to be usable and known to work, so yeah theyre just gonna keep running in circles man
Please fellow Europeans take the time to appreciate this magnificent quote from their website: "Nevomo, a European [...] has received a EUR 2.5M grant funding from the European Innovation Council (EIC) Accelerator Program, which subsequently is expected to be extended by an equity component of up to EUR 15M from the EIC Fund. The investment will be used to further develop Nevomo’s technology towards higher Technology-Readiness-Levels."
Deutsche Bahn is mentioned.  No, thanks, I am out . . .
The pods look like they hold about 60-100 passengers, not 20. Still stupid and unworkable of course. Extra credit for "rolling dildos."
Yeah, even if it wasn't near impossible to get the depressurization time in a hyperloop low enough to be offset by the increased speed, they still have to worry about the fact that making a vacuum tube that large would mean it's a giant BOMB. Explosive compression like you're stuck inside that oceangate sub.
10:09 Atlas cargo ship mentioned
For a country built upon train travel the U.S. is so behind its funny 😂
i honestly think you making these critique videos on faulty ideas help stop people from implementing these kinds of stuff, by making it easier for them to fact check stuff and outright deny it from coming to fruition
Tech Bros are going to discover fire soon I bet
Are you an Austrian? Because you are weirdly using a lot of ÖBB/ Westbahn trains in your comparisons XD
I have an idea: Assuming you actually cared about high speeds over efficiency or throughput, what if you modified the pod somehow so it could hover higher? That way it could pass _over_ other trains instead of waiting to pass them. In fact, if you make it go high enough, you wouldn't even need the rails. You could go from point A to point B in effectively a straight line - cutting over cities, fields, and mountains alike.
As soon he said 550kmh on existing infrastuctur i was like First   corner and this thing is gonna be a airplane
Some said the german train system is delayed because of federalism. Imagine each region requires you to stop in one of their towns just to not lose importance.
7:18 polish pkp is so bad its outside the scale
Adam mentions american rail  *I cry in freedum units*
2:05 Bro, this is *not* an ICE L.
it's like they're planning transportation for an highly depopulated world.....
10:09 starsector shown
as i watched the video, i kept trying to change certain aspects to make this even slightly feasible, then i realised i reinvented normal trains but orange
this is if a car cetric suburbanite tried to engineer a train
As a german, who uses trains,  our trains are really that bad 😅
Has anyone tried building a suspended track for a faster train above the old tracks? Or is that not a good idea for safety reasons?
i think they've never heard of such a thing as an airplane or heck even a helicopter is better than that for mass transport
There was one huge issue with this video you tried to appeal to empathy by sayi.g it would kill everyone inside and blow windows and there is your mistake assuming tech browning care about other people
Another thing that's not touched up on is the risk of derailment DUE to going too fast, Trains might be able to go from point A to point B in rapid pace but that's only considering half of the logistics, there's the problem of the track going up a hill thus requiring the driver to INCREASE the train's speed so it doesn't get stalled out and plummet all the way back to the bottom and cause a blockage (or worse fly off the track due to the speed gain when going downhill) which once the train does clear the top of the hill, the driver will immediately need to start slowing down because if they don't the chances of the train derailing increases every single second, if ONE of these "trains" that are being pitched as an "alternative" were to be put into the same cases, they likely wouldn't even be able to slow down fast enough before they not only clear that hill but are also flying off said hill. This just opens the company up to a bunch of Fing lawsuits from not only angry passengers in the case of anyone getting hurt but then there's also the angry crew members as well, so if we did the math when it comes to the total of lawsuits they would face after just one incident like that with the above case, that would likely be an average of 25 lawsuits if all 20 passengers survive as well as the train's entire crew which I'll just say there's five to be generous but everyone got injured, but given that these people seem to only care about speed and not safety, the chances of anyone surviving even one wreckage would probably be a straight 0.
I did the Dicaprio pointing at the TV meme at the Atlas at 10:11
run from it, dread it, Trains still arrive
From the title I thought you meant that the person who invented trains was a techbro 😭
😂❤😂
How much for that calendar?
The stripes reminds Me of a prawn🦐
Starcraft 1 music out of nowhere was a nice surprise
Boring. Just ask the Japanese how it is done. They can sell you everything necessary.
wild how close the stadler werk is to my house and people just know it worldwide? insane.
I'm gonna get a bunch of pods for youor birthday 🎉
Look it's simple we build a tube underground we make a vacuum and there's this pod and it goes really fast Q.E.D nerd
we really gotta pitch in and give these tech bros a copy of factorio so they learn the importance of THROUGHPUT
Trains are fun for both kids and 30 year olds who have large model train sets in their basements. I honestly just think you have adult train autism and love talking about how useful trains are. They are good vehicles but the only real bad part is that you have to plan your day around them.
As a german I really enjoyed this video :) You have good insight into our rail network, as well as the political situation. "Deutsche Bahn" was privatized and closed many many rails. Autobahn gets a lot of investment, and there's a strong lobby to keep cars as the main transportation system. Unfortunately many people also prefer the comfort of their own car over stepping into a (maybe crowded) public transport system.
Also I think it’s just greed that some people want yet faster and faster transport. We don’t need that. We just gotta fix our greed.
Is that age of empires 2 music
ETCS is not "basically self driving trains". Source: I drive on ETCS L2 railways. The level of supervision the system has over my manual inputs is pretty substantial, but still not anywhere close to "self-drive" a train. Otherwise a good vid.
these grifting schemes for the railroad industry are just wildly overcomplicated and just impossible to actually build at the current moment, almost reminds me of those EV cargo pods that were really just AI controlled locomotive trucks (an old grifting scheme)
The thing you have to understand about any of the bros (techbros, finance bros, bitcoin bros) etc is that they are deeply, fundamentally self-centered. They don't care that their pods would hold an absolute fraction of the passengers of a typical train because, fundamentally, they are looking at this problem from the view of a passenger on the pod..."I get there faster and there are less people to annoy me, therefore this is better". They are almost biologically incapable from considering that every person around them is as important as they are, so all of the benefits of rail (like you said @10:00 - frequency, coverage, price, capacity, punctuality, ease of transfer) do not figure into their personal calculations. "Who gives a shit if everyone else is on time, I'm the only one that matters."
12:25 why is there age of empires 2 music in the bsckground ... Also no I do not have a problem it is perfectly normal to identify an age of empires track by the first ~10 seconds played of it .... Ok mybe a soight 😅
We flying off the tracks with this one
Before they add stuff to existing railways maybe they’d consider fixing and probably rebuilding the entire railway system, it’s fkin falling apart as it is
9:14 zoom around in a rolling Dildo xDD  Fucking great 😂LOL
The brood war music was my favorite part 😂
Remember when tech bros invented hanging out with friends
Please put even more music the video isnt enough stimulating
As a Czech I feel called out. We are just Gomez Addams.
I just realised tech bros probably don’t actually know what trains really are compared to normal people. For them trains really are revolutionary because the concept of low cost large transportation of people and goods is a pipe dream because they’ve never had to use one or even think about one.
I just noticed something else. In the CGI video of the pod pulling into the station, the schedule above the track shows pods only five minutes apart. If Japan's upcoming Chuo Shinkansen can only manage ten minutes between trains on a dedicated track at 500 km/h, there is no way these pods going even faster on existing tracks could do it in half the time.
Imagine being in that pod from the animation as it braked as suddenly as it is animated as doing so!
do these things even have emergency exit windows????
but guys, you just have to give them millions of dollars every year until they magically solve all the problems caused by their self-imposed restrictions
I am a reseller of used PC parts, and i do A LOT of travelling around city. And i am okay with travelling 40 minutes from point a to point b. But i am not okay with being late 15 minutes, because my train/bus/tram is late. And they aren't! Metro and S-bahn ifrastructure where i live is so good, that i can plan how soon i will get to my destignation with sub-minute prescision!
my bro manic
Bro you should put the ad art the beginning so it doesn't interrupt the flow of the vid
They literally took the concept of a monorail and said let's use it on standard tracks and go insanely fast. =stupid
I was waiting for giga-taxi...
You say one pod can take 20 people. If you arrange the seats properly, you could probably fit 60. Not a lot, but still. You make so many good arguments but those shock value lowball estimates you love making just tanks the credibility of every episode you make.
No MPH? Thumbs Down
Once you get above a certain speed, it makes absolutely no sense to keep it on the ground.  It's just too complicated going that fast near so many hazards.  Just stick wings on it and send it a few up a few thousand feet where it's much more feasible and safer.
So they took a tram, and put it on a train line
So you made a movie about something you didn't understand the core idea :D :D :D
szia
As a Czech person I can confirm that we do like to crash our trains.
The whole point of these schemes is……  (1) You start a company. A ‘start up’ (2) you spend some money on fancy looking graphics (3) you feed it to the media, which is always unquestionably eager for tech content (4)you take the company public by calling it ‘the next Tesla’  (5) you pump the value of the stock, half of which you still own (6) you mock up a non-functioning ‘prototype’ (7) you raise even more money, through the sale of even more shares (8) you quietly dump your stock and retire to the Bahamas
We Americans are the kings of not improving our public transportation. Europe is about the half the size of the US but only takes like a day's worth of relatively low cost train rides to cross it meanwhile if you want to go from Connecticut to Florida your only sane option is a plane.
it always kinda hurts when he makes fun of America's train infrastructure. I know he's right, but it still hurts
High speed heavy trains floating above centuries old railway lines with tight corners ?  What could possibly go wrong.
When I (UK) visited my sibling who lives in Budapest I was stunned by how fantastic the public transport is (the UK is still miles ahead of the USA). As a disabled person, visiting mainland Europe always makes me jealous of your beautiful delicious public transport.
and here i am watching europeans ranting on highspeed rail when we indians are just happy just to get a train even when it is 24 hrs late and took more than 10 years to even start constructing first dedicated high speed corridore, its like watching people suffer with success man what a time to live in
Cherry on the Cake: This idea existed already nearly 40 years ago - just better. Was called ‚Transrapid‘ and the only real-life application of it today is in Shanghai
8:34 gets me everytime😂
why do I think about The Matrix?!
Beware of tech bros innovating transportation
I miss the times when the only obsession our society had with pods was eating tide pods. Humanity really peaked there
I work for one of the european railway company's and you did the homework. But for alot of european country's you don't only need a driver but also a trainmanager / guide. So this project is imposible in europe. Ze are at a huge shortage of both drivers and managers..
As a german you must support israel in this time.
i mean there are driverless train systems. wiki "List of driverless train systems"
12:16 [Awkward silence as everyone slowly turns to stare directly at the Budd Metroliner]
OY! We don't like to crash our trains. It's just that aliens are testing us wether we are ready for higher speed trains. We are not so our goverment doesn't do anything about it. That's why higher-speed trains from berlin to vienna take over 200km to avoid our rail system :(
I think these highly implausible CG pitch reels are a 419 scam situation, ie.littered with red flags on purpose in order to  pre-select for credulity. Then the aerodynamically dubious but grossly phallic form factor of the pod makes sense, being intended to lure VC dipshits thinking only with the locomotives in their pants.
That Nemovo pod looks like it would have a hell of a time staying on ground at anything approaching 550km/h. There's a reason why actual trains employ a nose-low design that diverts airflow ABOVE, not below.
11:15 is fucking brilliant
I do see one potential for the maglev increased acceleration: turbofast regional trains inbetween high speed trains. You basically run your regional trains with high as fuck acceleration so they aren't in the way of your faster trains as much. Basically, rollercoaster launches out of every station, just so it stays faster.  Magnetic acceleration and braking could greatly enhance the speed of regional train service, meaning the existing technology of using magnetic propulsion on trains may be viable on some lines. Note that this technology exists and has been used already, by systems such as Skytrain in Vancouver.    That being said, you'd still of course build a full length train, because single-car high speed rail is just silly. Why go through the work of building up your alignment for 300+km/h if the demand ain't there.
Broke mentally or financially?
About French trains, iirc, I'm fairly sure the tracks can actually handle MUCH faster than 320 km/h (the max speed of a TGV in commercial use). We did manage to send one of those OVER 500km/h for a world record, but the main limiting factor isn't the tracks, it's something much dumber.  The power cables above the train, turns out that on everyday use, you need to give them some wiggle room as they will contract and expend a bit depending on temperature, and because of that slack, as a train goes, it creates this bump in front of it, where the cable is lifted slightly.  again, iirc, simulations showed that a train going at ~400km/h would be fast enough to actually catch up with that bump, and therefore lose connection with the power cables, which is a big nono
As an American who realizes that our transport systems are behind the times in terms of efficiency, I find it wild how Europe does their trains. 2-3 lines on a long-haul line is crazy to me just thinking about what could happen.
I can’t believe people are hyping this channel so much, this Video has no actual substance you are just good at talking confidently and I watched the entire Video. you are misleading people for clicks and creating and fueling stereotypes that will help noone in the long run
Old Top Gear came the closest to solving rail travel. Cant convince me otherwise.
I think that the main focus of the pod experiments is not public transportation. The purpose of this mental gymnastic is to anwer the question - why trains are cool, and they could not be more cooler, even with pods and AI
It only works in china or Japan but no pods
American rail is shit? I commute to London Waterloo every day, Adam should commute on south western trains and see how fun that is and pay a season full year ticket.
As a polish person and fellow Adam, I have to apologize
I don't get the infatuation with pods
Maybe it's a good idea to know at least a little something about the industry you're trying to reinvent?
OMG this is ABSOLUTELY hilarious 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I wish tech bros a very physics class
And Musk just invented the bus 🤭
This reminds me of Daffy inventing Butt Paper in the Looney Toones show  I get the feeling what we're seeing is just billionares bouncing whatever is going on in their heads off of political bodies, because of course said political bodies are people in their eyes. Not the lady serving them tea.
That mail was fire :D very professional
Lol hungary
Jeez, this Adam guy is NEVER satisfied.
9:00 rofl 😂
6:52 don't give dubai any ideas
WATT?😂🎉
10:10 love the starsector image in the center.
i don't even mind slower trains lol i just want them to be smooth, comfy and clean, with enough in-service bathrooms. it's no issue to be on a train a little longer if that train is nice
looks like the germans are being inspired by america again
Pods! Pods are futuristic! I gotsta have me dem PODS!!! 😆😅😂
I'm not a tech guy but I've seen a driverless metro running in Dubai, they are super efficient, at least hundreds of thousands of people travel in them every day and they have no person driving them
Lets not forget about the fact that wildlife and humans can appear on rails, with that speed they'd act as if a tank shot your "pod" id say. Not to mention that train drivers need to react fast and that speed is literally impossible to decelerate from in time
Adam Something, what do you think about the Australian rail network?
So many more scams to create!
What about American freight?
Such a shame you have to ruin your wonderful content with filthy profanity.
Nice! We should replace the shinkansen for these, I'm sure it will end up well.
A waterpark in the Sahara - Damn, that's a good idea!! I'll get started on that right away, so you have some more content, of course!
Didn't Japan already reached something like top speed 600 kph? Also aren't maglev like very unprofitable?
The point you make for the 3, about their mentality of "more speed = more good" being stupid is pretty spot on. About Price, capacity, Coverage, etc, that's exactly why the plane "Concorde" failed. It was the fastest, but it was expensive, of limited coverage, with a really little capacity, they had to check up the plane more often since they had to do more travel for the same amount of passengers, etc. Yes, fast is good, but not when you lose everything else around.
American rail could “probably” be adapted to carry passengers but since everyone has a car here people just don’t care for it and it’s really only used for freight trains it’s ironic that America was connected and in major part built by trains and now people seem to think they’re irrelevant
I’m gonna put you down as a maybe…
I love how this guy just casually takes a huge dump all over the Czech Republic. 💩
I had a strange compulsion to play Age of Empires after watching this video...
That AoE 2 music though
Yeah. Our german rail really sucks and sadly the "Porsche-Party" controls the transit ministry.
20 sounds a lillte underestimated, no?
What a MESS! Do those people take their shet seriously?
The Starcraft Terran music was a very pleasant surprise at about 10:00. :D
When you go "Why has nobody ever thought about that before?" and it is about centuries old technology, then the answer is probably because it is stupid.
I like the comment about 200kph+ trains requiring grade separation. Only in the UK do they have full 200kph trains blasting over a level crossing with a small metal bar to protect you... :(    Also, interesting point about france: The flawed idea of choosing to build TGV stations miles away from towns to save money. This means often the commuters or tourists using them rely on cars to actually benefit or running saturated bus services to town which then eats into the journey times. Plus like the UK they run all their routes via paris which makes moving east-west really slow.
Careful.  Remember the big train accident in Spain.  Speedy train needs to go slow enough to stay on the track for the duration of the ride.   Physics.
Really sorry to tell you, but trains have been around for some time now. Better ones ..all of them.
If all those tech bro companies with their more than anyone needs money, just put in their money to lobby for the trainnetwork in Germany. Then not only would Germany's trainnetwork finally work, but they would achieve the same goal  For clarification, I don't think lobbying is good, but all I am saying is that if what they cared about really infastructure and people from one place to another efficiently there would be other ways. But they don't care about that they all wanna be the company revolutionizing a market so they can feel like Steve Jobs creating the Apple 2, but instead of Jobs and Wozniak knowing what they were doing, they have no fucking clue about their shit
Tech Bros are basically like the rest of us when we were kids, but they were spoiled and indulged enough that they never learned "The real world doesn't work that way", or they did grow up but, getting rich as adults, they all channeled their inner and idiot children
Its wild to me how tech bro's are obsessed with modularity... until it comes to the one thing that's been modular since it's inception in the early 1800s.
love the Age of Empires music bro!
what is the music that starts at 0:16 ?
I love your videos, I call you the "musk-debunker" :D It's so good to see someone use actual information and fact, and knowledge of the industries, to debunk tech-bro crazy ideas :)
German here, the stuff about German trains are sadly true... it was privatised over 3 decades ago. And who could have known... it went to shit...
Your scathing and educated critiques are a breath of fresh air! Subscribed.
All the Starcraft themes got me feelin nostalgic
i still don't know what a tech bro is
Eurocity mentioned, my beloved  Used to ride the Berliner for 4 days in a week for entire semester for my daily commute to uni
what strikes me with 90% of all these idiotic ideas, when its not like musks malicious ones is that sure i'd looooove solid infrastructure but the way they want to operate it etc , just bloat amazon drones to silly sizes and set up dedicated 'low' altitude flight 'corridors' with said drones having onboard flight controls and well , ...a harness to flop down like a used condom to its person hauling time and a cargo net like a rusty old bullet box if its material hauling , it be about as safe lees crap to clean up when things go 'upsy' and be at least possible to implement within a lifetime XD
Wait... Is this video using French train as an exemple for being *on time*? Am I in a parallel universe?
I'm coining this phenomenon Nu-Travel: The phenomenon that compels tech investors to create self-contained vehicles that replace a form of travel with problems, the said self-contained vehicles do not answer, and would in fact, make it worse.
Why the hell is everyone obsessed with fucking pods
STARCRAFT MUSIC!!!
Nevermind how uneven regular rail tracks are. If you were going 250kmph, you would go flying off, and the wear and tear on any components holding the train down, would be crazy.
why is the 550 km only for this pod, or is it possible to join multiple pods and make a faster version of high speed train ? ( I understood the constraints of running this on pre-existing tracks, but can we improve the technology to actually make high speed rail commonplace in the future ?)
A scathing assessment of US rail carriers that is also 100% true?  Check!  The one thing that could have been added towards the end regarding all the existing problems that the new system would encounter would be the absolute chaotic behavior of wildlife and pedestrians. Imagine hitting a good-sized deer or a freaking wisent at 550 KPH!  BOOM!
"Self automated trains without the need for a driver" *Please see the crazy eight's incident on why people are going to be hesitant about this
these people are probably being paid to think of dumb shit like this all day
All am seeing is 120kmh is the optimal train speed in mainland Europe.
i got a train ad of therse before vid started
i got a train ad of therse before vid started
"Rail Geometry" while hearing the Age of Empires 2 soundtrack in the background killed me
You will eat the bug live in the pods own nothing and be happy - WEF
If you ever used the Metro in São Paulo while Rush houre, you know Pods make no fucking sense 😂
I almost want to give points back knowing these people have no intention of actually creating any of this. This is all just a flashy jargon filled PowerPoint to present to BlackStone, or someone, cash that cheque and ✌🏿
Tech bros MO is literally just enshittification of current services.
Elon should go to jail!
"Its fucking pods again"  I laughed
Literally Death Stranding 😂😂😂😂😂
So it's a podcast 😂
i thought this was a history video calling 19th century inventors "tech bros"
Love the StarCraft 1 music hehe
I work in this space. people who are good in computers are freaking terrible at real life physics and Engineering. There are some of the dumbest people alive if you want to fix a shelf. no train should be traveling at 250 km/h. That is the stupidest freaking idea possible. it would result in the death of so many people it would be banned.
If I had a dollar for every time a European talked about our shamble of a pax train "system".  I could afford to fix the fucking system.  edit: the "..i'm sorry the fucking pod." Sent me
These tech bros can't stand the idea of something that serves masses of ordinary people. They always have to turn it into pods serving a tiny number of the privileged elite.
5:15 goodbye sponsor
It's the same prejudice that kills most UK tech. Only for the financially privileged and hey! It's a financial failure bcos such people are fickle and go elsewhere. Concorde.  Americans invented the 747 for normal people. Huge commercial success. Tesla has been a similar for the rich project. And is likely to be swamped by Chinese cheap EVs in the next few years.
It would be good if we could improve rail transport without having to change any of the tracks or infrastructure but it seems to be virtually impossible to do it by just changing the rolling stock so....
B-but they have CGi models!
Amen 😂 Railjet used to be almost my second home, because I’m too blind to drive and there are so many stops or slowdowns for any number of reasons that 500 km/h is just ridiculous. Have these people never heard of break path or physics for that matter? Also there are tracks that just aren’t in good shape. Instead of this kind of idiocy, I‘d much rather they use their AI and techbro BS to figure out how to refurbish old tracks or organize arrival/departure times better. Trains are awesome, so hopefully someone figures out how to improve the existing systems in a way that’s actually helpful.
Ik it's backed up by actual statistic, but hearing from french users, the train experience is supposedly awful lol. But yeah, not one day in the "silicon valley" when trains isn't pitched one way or another
I love the age of empires music at the end
you mentioned the german FDP party. you should also mention the green party and its nepotism (google Habeck (minister of economy) and Graichen) and how they are closing down our last nuclear power plants to save the envoirment but instead will open up new coal plants to compensate the loss in energy production.
germanys railway is run by DB, which is a "private company" but all of it is controlled by the state. the state is great at running things to the ground and operating it as inefficiently as possible. thats just DB for you.
Big ups for your use of the UNATCO Theme from Deus Ex.
Hmmmmm.  Existing lines.  Summer heat distortion.  550kph.  20mm clearances.  Sounds well thought out and perfectly safe.
I have zero interest in trains and this was one of the funniest and interesting videos I've seen today
Thank you for using the official “km/h”, and not “kph”.
China contracted Siemens to build a maglev rail in Shanghai more than TWENTY years ago. China scrapped all future maglev projects after it was built because of how expensive it was. And still it remains the only operating high speed maglev rail in the world since its operation in 2001.
God help us all.
So they wanna make an accessible maglev
You are to Trains what Wendover is to Airplanes
6:07 *cries in american
12:53 “Smashing passengers heads open”. Isn’t that just another way of saying “keep an open mind”?
This is the exact thing happening in india since bjp DISCOVERED Vande Bharat express, other trains are being delayed to pass this meanwhile all over negligence in railway is causing accident everyday.
The Czech republic loves crashing their trains? Have you read a few things about the Greek railways? They are like Final Destinations. We have seen two trains colliding head on while carrying dangerous chemicals, trains starting with female passengers hanging from the outside with their hair stuck in the door and tree trunks impaling the carriages.
I love how they say: “eh we need magRails to make trains faster than 330km/h“ ,while the French TGV has the world speed record for Train on Steel Wheels with 574.8km/h.
It's the effing pod again😂
You know what can go that fast?  Airplanes!!!!!  And those already exist, are easy to get tickets on, and are usually on time!
I think these tech bros are probably only here for the money. They say a lot of high-tech sounding crap, and mix it with AI and this ducking pod idea (is it a fetish for tech bros or what), and investors will invest money in them, and after a few unsuccesfull attempts they can run of with the remaining. BTW It's funny that he put MÁV (hungarian national railway) trains for the regular category, our trains can't even go above 120kmph cuz the tracks are in a very poor condition. ( and the part when they needed to push that BZmot into the station at 11:23 had me laughing on the floor :)   ) Very informative and funny content, thanks!
04:05  1) Disable anti-tech-bro-sentiment 2) Deliver inline ad. which would trigger anti-tech-bro-sentiment 3) Enable anti-tech-bro-sentiment
2024 "tech bro" starter pack: - Worship Elon Musk like he's some kind of Messiah to the par of Jesus, Muhammad or Buddha - Reinvents the wheel 20 times a day, every one more unnecesarily complex than the last one - Obsessed with elipses and the color white - Loses $400 monthly on cryptocurrency/NFTs - Inserts blockchain and AI to every single one of their projects - Virgin
Honestly, i dont agree with you, what is the problem to run a train, oh shit, sorry, a pod, at a speed around 1000kmh? I like this number, ir even 2000kmh? Also, the capacity can ve absolutely insane, around 10-15 ppl!! What is the problem of investing billions of dollars into a totally new infrastructure for 10 ppl a day? Goodluck loosers, i'm gonna go ahead and create my super duper cool 3d animation, showcasing this "transport of the future". Forgot to mention, it will be operated by AI, to be exact ChatGPT (free version) and MidJourney - to generate pictures for entertaining ppl on board. And promo  video will be done by AI as well
Bro has such beef with American rail
When are crypto bros ever going to realize that having disposable income does not immediately make you some kind of civil engineer? They always take the Disney approach of “throw a lot of money at something and it’ll work,” even if it’s an awful idea.   Not to mention they ungodly amount of construction that would involve something like this. I’m from Florida and we recently installed the Brightline train system, capable of 80mph (128kmph) and the amount of construction and backed up traffic that happened across the state for YEARS trying to get that installed still gives me nightmares. Not to mention these trains are insanely dangerous and have already had their fair share of fatalities since opening, but then again, it’s America and Florida nonetheless; we’re not known for our intelligent drivers and I’m not too informed with train related accidents/fatalities when it comes to European trains.   I’m also curious: are you some kind of civil engineer yourself or just a very passionate content creator who does good research? Your videos are very entertaining but you also seem WELL informed on the various aspects that would go into the construction of these monstrosities.
Yknow, now I understand why train systems are so mediocre. Anything more and it'd collapse from how many moving parts people need to consider.
Are- Are tech bros trying to Christopher Columbus the fucking Maglev train?
"opening a waterpark in the middle of the Sahara" Isn't that basically the entirety of Saudi Arabia's mega project ideas?
Somehow i want to play Age of Empires 2. Don't know why...
For the love of Train God, could someone please help me figure out the recorder song playing in the background at 10:28 ? It sounds so familiar, but I can't place it.
“Because of course they do”
One brittish fellow put it perfectly in a video I saw a few days ago, where he talked about billions of Euros that were invested into the brittain-france train line, to make it faster and compete with flights. He said if you wanted more people to take the train from London to Paris, you could have hired a bunch of super models for every train and have them cater champagner to every passenger free of charge for many years with a fraction of what they spend on making the train a tiny bit faster and you would have gotten more passengers. Engineers measure time in seconds, people measure time in pain, discomfort and boredom. That's why supersonic intercontinental flights failed and why star ship will never become an intercontinental travel method. If you make the train ride affordable and cozy, people don't care if it takes 6 hours or 3. Flying is expensive and airports are a nervewrecking mess, especially with children.  Trains already have a perfect market made for them by the down sides of flying. Why compete with them in the one diemsnion where they absolutely best them?
Best rant I've seen in a while, had lots of fun thank you
Tech bros got some major issues.
Wait... hate to take this side, but I can see a use for making the rail transit slightly faster. Properly scheduled, and assuming the lines are built for it, this can mean more cargo per day for a given stretch of rail line - doesn't matter that all of it spent weeks on a boat before that.
As an American, I'm glad you called our rail system a joke.   It is. Thanks, Elon.
They are slowly evolving
A lot of early train lines were the ultimate venture capitalist scam of the early 20th century. Property developers would build a train line to their new land release only to pull it out when all lots were sold.
The only thing I object to is our German trains being bad because of the car industry. France has a flourishing car industry (Peugeot, Citroën, Renault, DS, etc) as well, and they get it done. No, OUR problem is the DB being a privatised company that is preoccupied with saving money and making money. That's the reason they reuse the existing tracks, because what is cheaper? Reusing or building new? The DB is incompetent and greedy, not in kahoots with our car industry. If that were the case, Stuttgart would be kinder to cars as well... But I digress. Otherwise, yeah. Pods are stupid, no matter where, I love cars, I love trains, and I'm genuinely confused as to how a polish start-up can misunderstand the train system here in Europe this badly! Like seriously, I think they're spoiled or outright aren't properly Polish and only have their quarters there, they should know better.
8:18 TAZ is not a serious source for news, tread careful with your sources. It's an ultra left wing propaganda zine.
Snow on the tracks, the Netherlands cancelled their hi speed trains because the snow would damage the hi speed train, the answer of the manufacturer was to drive slowly during snowy conditions defeating the concept of hi speed rail, but that was not the only thing, the manufacturer was Ansaldo Breda, nuff said.
The definition of reinventing the wheel.
The more I learn about things like physics, and the vehicles that go really really fast, the more I realize just how much the Speed Force is doing for speedsters to keep them from being liquefied by the speeds they run at
Adam something video pops up…I wonder how long it will take for him to misrepresent and insert Elon musk. Proceeds to watch 1 minute 😂
You need to stop attacking these ideas. You're going to put hard-working computer graphics designers who make these presentations out of work!
Nothing to do with this but i find the DB really good, even with it's reputation
That shape is going to develop lift. Think ground effect. Good luck with it staying on the tracks.
Guy sounds like a hater, just because how it IS, isnt how it should BE. 😂 Perhaps the cost of retrofitting rail would STILL be cheaper to improve bed, install guards, and enviro protection - it all boils down to a salty "we'd have to invest billions" How much do you fucking think new HSR will cost??? This whole vid is basically a temper-tantrum "It isnt exactly how I want it to be immediately so Ill shit all over it"
There is no technological reason why we can't have driverless trains, beyond political fear. It's ridiculous to suggest there is. Anything a driver can respond to, a well trained computer vision system can respond faster.  If the problem is "beyond visual range" then why not a solar panel and mesh capable camera on every second pylon along the track, or a tethered light weight "probe" running (or flying) ahead of the train?  It's ridiculous how backward trains are, when they ought have had such a vast lead over road based Automatic Vehicle Technologies with such a tightly controlled infrastructure and simplistic centrally controlled use cases.
"Deep Tech" means they manufacture colonoscopes.
I wonder how tech bros haven't pitch a service which streams your favorite programs 24/7 so you don't waste time looking for something to watch. Obviously AI powered
I just noticed that the freight opening you get a starsector freight ship lol
Tech nerds are the perfect cattle for the NWO. They CRAVE the pods.
nah, tech-bro knows their limits this belong to the group called "designer", who i often see in my physics class, and more often than not complain that they are designer; hence, they don't need to study physics.
One of the few channels that tries to inject humor into thoughtful dialogue and actually does a good job at it. I enjoyed the video.
Im pretty sure Elon's statement on the Hyperloop was him damage controlling after it became apparent his stupid infeasing idea was stupid and infeasible.
What I found really shocking about the Japanese Shinkansen system was not so much the speed but the frequency of those trains. If you are on the slower train with more stops every few stations a faster one passes by. But you don't wait a lot, Like 1-2 minutes, train goes zoom , and then you set off.
It’s simple just build a monorail on top of the existing track
Hello Adam! Love your stuff and since you know much more about the logistics of public transport than I do, I am very curious about your opinion on Brno's dazzling idea to build a cableway. I live in one of the parts affected by it, and the claims of it being the most ecological and economic solution seem a little stiff. If you need a video topic, I would be very glad should you look into it <3
Tech bros love trains because they idolize the robber barons.
I’m of the understanding that the only way at present it would be smart to advance trains is to make passenger trains carry cargo as well. Not invent an almost hyper loop which is double bs
Wii menu, age of empires... hitting all the right soundtrack nerves in the background there!
all i hear is watch out for trainwrecks in the near future
I gave up watching this because he is speaking too fast, I tried reducing the playback speed to 0.75 but it was still hard to follow because he didn't stress syllables like a native English speaker.
the train system is already turning to shit in Europe thanks to private companies taking more and more space and regulations being more and more lax; in France they're killing the public system by defunding it (and also they're killing all the small lines people actually need to go around in favour of the big TGV lines that are more profitable)
The biggest problem with the german rail is that they don't care about regional trains. When i drive to my family, it takes 8-10 hours with a normal train. A ICE would take 2,5 hours. Why don't i drive ICE? Because they take 90€ for that route... Regional trains cost  25€.
The whole project crumbles under the speed. Every techbro knows 550 is too slow. Make it supersonic! The faster you go the more efficient it is.
So they're removing the best thing about trains, that they're long. And want them to do the thing they're kinda crap at, going fast.  Sounds like a great plan, it will definitely work.
Loved it. And the Star Craft 1 Terran music in the background was a nice touch!
Why not build in Siberia and move goods and people (mostly goods) through the rural areas on dedicated lanes to improve logistics and transpiration. Tho you would have to go through Russia....
10:09 STARSECTOR MENTIONED!! ATLAS MY BELOVED!! BEST FREIGHTER IN THE SECTORR! CARGO SHIPPING RAHHH 🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥🔥🔥
I like trainssssss
Watching this on the shitty mobile data on an ICE 4 was just perfect
Tech bros ran out of things to invent so they just started copying existing things and rebranding it as a brand new discovery.
if these goobers can get startup funding, you can too. this is your sign to start a scam
Imagine tech bros trying to make miltary tech to fight china and russia????
Tech bros should start a bean farm the way they're obsessed with pods
I just want to say i appreciate the Starcraft and Age of Empires(?) soundtrack
Man I really wish we had a good train system in the U.S. We have the resources to make the rest of the world look like they're playing with models, and we are one of the geographically biggest countries, but we just don't.
Their concept of integrated engine and cabin isn't even new. It was invented in the late 1800's or early 1900's in europe.  They are alright for mass transit with very frequent service like buses or trollies but not for intercity travel. This kind of thing is just proof the west has more money than brains.
finally tech bros got the disruptive idea of *trains*
The way you just roasted and completely destroyed the German train system!😭😭😭
So stupid and I'm only 4 minutes in
Wooo starsector!
Simpsons predicted this with the monorail guy
*The following are the musings of a Salty SEAGULL named EARL who just shows up in my posts whenever he feels like it!* [EARL the Salty SEAGULL:] "This all reminds me of Hitler's unrealized plans for German's railways! Basically, he wanted to make hugely impractical super trains, which would be like ocean liners on the rails! They were big a grandiose, but also would have cost a fortune cause the train tracks size would have to be increased and stations would have to be overhauled as well! As one historian put it, the thing would have never been economically possible even if Nazi Germany had won WWII!"
Oh dude how did it get thee?? Having fueled many silkway 747s I can tell you neither I nor they have any fcking idea 😂😂or WHEN
6:37 Vancouver Canada has had automated trains for like 4 decades now and it's worked fantastically.
Feel like trains have the potential to be ultra luxurious and I don't know why they aren't pursuing THAT... An apartment that's a train car on a train touring you around the country? There are so many options...
Love the AOE outro
There's a train driver SHORTAGE ?? Let me change my career rq!
Could you please debunk "Skyway", I guess that would help some people.
wait... oh, right Finland doesn't have high speed so it doesn't show up, lol.
I'm so glad I found an intelligent YouTuber who can see through Musk my god I love ya
The hyperloop would work. But why bother?  It would require way too much new infrastructure, which would cost billions. It's not just the infrastructure, it's also the land purchases, and the inevitable lawsuits from people who don't want to sell up because of some billionaires ego polishing project.  It would also be completely deadly with just one mistake.  It's far more economical and realistic to build highspeed rail than to build a completely new infrastructure system for a method of transport that stands a very high chance of causing total body dismemberment of 100% of passengers should someone accidentally put two pods on a collision course.  (Also if someone ever managed to roll out a hyper loop system in the UK, my mother would live twenty minutes away from me. I'd have to move to Australia.)
he says 350kms an hr rail is uncommon but it is common
The DB ( deutsche Bahn ) is a meme here in germany. Every time i use a train i dont even bother arriving in time because i know the train wont either
Reducing contact between rail and train for efficiency sounds god but many modern trains have a motor in every set of wheels. So reducing them would make the train accelerate and brake even worse than trains already do. That would make trains less safe and on lines with many stops would be completely useless. Everything else about this concept just lets me think what they were drinking to get such useless/stupid ideas.
If I want to go somewhere that quickly I could just plan and buy a plane ticket.
To put into perspective the actual infeasibility that minimum railway curves produce for high speeds (in case you think there is a tech solution):   Conventional Rail minimum curves (at speed) are roughly 800-1200 metres in radius. The Chuo Shinkansen maglev, which is going to operate at a max speed of 505km/h, has a minimum curve of *8,000* metres in radius.  You cannot 'upgrade' the tracks to run faster without violating the laws of physics. Track curvature increases exponentially with speed, even if you angle tracks, tilt the trains, redistribute the weight blah blah blah you can't outdo physics.
I wish the US had a good train network... It's almost entirely dedicated to freight and "excursion" trains, passenger cars are so rare that people come to see them at the train yard in my town. Thank FUCK we're at least *trying* to reinvest in high speed railways, if it succeeds i could see it becoming widely popular since people take so many domestic flights instead of driving already anyway.   I like trains
Tech bros are reinventing the wheel as a triangle
if only they took the idea and made it good, it could almost pass as viable, but they have to make it as braindead as possible. I mean a single tr- pod how does someone come up with that
Techbros are my source of entertainment. Not because they are good at it but because their outlandish ideas fail to notice existing infrastructure and expect that their "idea" goes ahead of everything.
So, to explain it to a techbro, it’s the classic bandwidth problem. A slow moving truck full of harddrives will still transport data faster than your dedicated landline (or these days, a truck full of SSDs). 😂
Have you talked to them about your concerns about their project?
Maglev is the future. When you want to get from one side of the moon colony to the other. But on earth? Maybe a few cities will have this between them.
Hey now! Czech Rail has to manufacture SOME reason for all the delays, crashes is good.
deus ex music detected
10:15 STARSECTOR MENTIONED, RAAAAAAAAGH
Classic
Libertarians can always be counted on to sell out for their own personal profit.
7:56 I love how he shows a video of Mannheim while explaining the ABSOLUTE MESS that is going on here with the different kind of trains. Passenger trains are always delayed by at least 20 minutes, and you get like a minute to get on the train before it leaves. No wonder that most people who can afford it prefer to drive a car.
I gotta say, this was a really nice sponsor integration :D especially that sponge bob melody bit at 4:52
The "Transrapid Disaster" showed why self-driving trains are not a good idea. Though, to be fair, you very much focus on the top speed and "pod" design, while ignoring the actual advantages that Nevomo (supposedly) has: Higher cargo (weight) capacity, better acceleration (especially uphill), and shorter breaking distance. The levitation function, which supposedly works at speed as low as 70 km/h, reduces stress and thus maintenance cost on the rail. The self-driving container wagons are supposed to work on cargo terminals for easier arranging of trains, not go solo all the way to the destination. Do any of these points make the project less BS? I don't f-ing know, but it feels disingenuous not to mention them.
Imagine trying to introduce this to the UK. We have crossings, switches, passing other trains, stations etc every few bloody minutes. There's no way it could even reach full speed even if all other thinngs worked perfectly. There's a reason our Lizzy line in London can only reach around 145, and even then is usually much slower. Hell last time I took Lizzy she was stuck behind another delayed train so we crawled along as a snails pace anyway and had to wait to overtake at a station aboutt 15mins later.  And again, if everything somehow worked perfectly for these to be introduced, they'd just go the way of the concord; they'd be too small, too expensive, and too niche, that almost everyone beyond the fancy men in suits are still just gonna pay less to arrive slightly slower. Like brother, most main cities in UK can get to London in about 2 to 4 hrs, normal people aren't gonna pay crazy prices to shave an hour or 2 off.
I swear tech Bros just won't learn from Concorde
A really wonderfull explanaition of our (german) train system. I remember not so fondly the times on the old Munich - Berlin train when you slow down to 60km/h in a hilly area and later you go 260...
This tech, in a train configuration, on dedicated tracks could make more sense. It would be interesting to see what are the advantages / drawbacks vs a TGV for example.
techbros next week will discover fire 💀
They always try to reinvent the wheel, but always end up making a square.
Hes so angry he taking it out on american rail .when i agree it is bad. He was oh so wrong about how often we have trains on a daily basis for long distance travel.
OMG, why can’t they ever invent anything that wasn’t around in the 1800’s 🤡 Just invest money on whats already there .
So you're telling me, with all those problems, we might be able to build special tunnels for those fast trains and maybe we can even lower the air pressAH SHIT it's Hyperloop again...  Just build an actually good, functional high speed rail system and offer good over-night train travel ffs.
It is very funny watching the original pitch video while on a train
Why’d he just starting dissing on something that the community can’t fucking control.
The AOE2 music ><
Tech bros 'invented' a bus that runs on rails.... God this people are out of touch.
I think trains should have built in windmills, so that they can power themselves, and fly over each other to take over. (no)
You should cover ottawas O-train
The AOE music at the end ! Reminds me my childhood and my father who showed me this awesome game 🙃😊 but the integration here is a good idea
I, too, want a job where I can earn money by coming up with fun fictional ideas that have no real world impact.
I literally spit out real spit laughing at some of the jokes
The interesting thing is that they can actually learn from Disney.  Years back Disney tried to put a new, fast ride called Rocket Rods, which was themed like a futuristic transportation system (which feels almost too similar to Nevomo), on their old tram tracks and it just ended up breaking the old infrastructure because it wasn't rated for those kinds of forces.  They were only able to run the ride for 2 years before they had to shut it down for good.  Even for that brief amount of time it was problematic due to using the existing infrastructure which lack of banked turns on the track.  That lack of banked turns caused the ride to have to quickly decelerate before each turn, take the turn, then accelerate up again; and all of this speeding up and slowing down caused rapid wear of the vehicle's tires as well as exacerbated the wear on the tram tracks.  The rapid wear of the tires caused engine damage which caused all manner of other reliability problems.
10:09 starsector screenshot spotted
my immediate thought seeing this was "aren't track bends too tight for 500km/h?" yes. yes they are
the tgv stops at the Hollands spoor station in my home town. it doesn't travel at high speed all the time.  only a few miles when its on special tracks its travels on normal tracks for the most part and thus cant go high speed on those tracks. like it would literally fly out of a corner or off the tracks  if it tried. this plan of these guys will never work simply because of how the corners and bends are made in the tracks, they arent meant for such high speeds.
So,whats gonna happen if it runs into a gradual or sharp turn? It doesnt have any individual compartments since its just a straight carriage,and its going on tracks so its not a bus.what is this?
Two things: 1. I'd say that thing looks like it's *supposed* to carry 50-100 people. But I don't think it can safely do so at such high speeds.   2. Though we have virtually no high-speed rail I feel like it's notable our freight rail in the US is very active. How that alone hasn't pushed HSR forward here is a mystery to me.
Sänk you for trävelling wiz deutsche bahn
uhh prety sure driverles trains are a thing
Oh, GAWD! I’m so glad I discovered your videos. Simply hilarious commentaries, loaded with well presented facts. 💜💜💜
NSW took "you can't have driverless" trains as a challenge
One reason why I like Adam more than other urban planning youtubers is because he puts emotion in his videos
Techbros look at every form of transportation and think "okay, how do I make it as luxurious as my yacht, but on (infrastructure)?". That's it, they want to put yachts on rails/wheels/wings/rockets/the backs of the proletariat, and they want to keep poor people away from those yachts
So the Nevomo pods are ... airplanes that can't leave the ground?
This is the first video from this channel I’ve seen. And I love it. I absolutely love the fact you look past the “what if we could do this?!” Of the moronic tech bros. As a trades worker in America, every time the tech ppl come up with a new way to force us out of work, we eagerly await the voice of reason to come along and say “no, dude, the real world doesn’t work like this. Also, people with jobs are good to have. This will make a lot of people not have jobs. Which is not good to have.”
10:09 starsector jumpscare
Správa Železnic mentioned 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 wtf is a water 🍺🍺🍺🍻🍻🍻🍻
RIA RIA HUNGAARIA
Smooth sponsor drop, man. Made me chuckle.
The worst part is that ideas similar to these (Hyperloop) will die with everyone laughing, and tech bros will put the blinders on to say "people just don't like rail travel"
Tech bro plays StarCitizen one time and now we gotta deal with this 🤣
The cheeky AOE 2 song at the end. Love it.
".....But pods look cool though."😂
Fuck trains all my homies want independent car transport
You know what, such a maglev hybrid thing could help with accelerating/decelerating trains
wow its almost like high speed needs to be on dedicated rails that are raised and away from any populated area.. tech bros.. but ai on trains could work but not with the infrastructure weve had for the past few hundred years.
""AI"" for maintenance is the only thing legit in all of this "tech bro" crap on rail, it has a lot of application capacities. But OFC it's not magic at all it need a lot of data, properly trained deep learning and machine learning model and people capable of reading the information and people capable of doing the repair. But it's something really interesting in reality
The only 500km/h train that will run within the next 3 decades will be the maglev shinkansen between Tokyo and Osaka, and they've been developing it since the 90s. I love how a random tech startup thinks they can do it better in under a decade. Laughable.
I WANT THEM TO BUILD THIS SHIT I WOULD MAKE SO MUCH MONEY ON COPPER
please send us more trains many of us crave them desperately, but we're hamstrung by freight companies
My favorite example of the lizard-brained tech bro invention genre has to be Solar Roadway. They wanted to embed solar panels in roads. Instead of putting solar panels literally anywhere else. Like maybe somewhere where they could be accessed for cleaning and service without shutting down the road.
TGV reaches between 350-400kmph and that's on an average day.. even though french transport system is a catastrophe, they did a pretty good job with TGV..
7:18 Spain didn't even figured in the map and that's because every week there's some kind of problem with trains here.
Pretty sure the tech bros pulled the 550km/h straight from Japan's maglev line, which does NOT run on conventional rails(and can't), can get up to 600Km/h but cruises at 500, and right now is being held back by some bureaucracy issues in a couple prefectures, last I checked, but upon completion, will go back and forth across Japan ridiculously fast, cutting a ton of air travel in the process.   Also the shape of those pods is ALL wrong. They will generate lift at speed, and pick up from the tracks. Go look at the Shinkansen's shape(any of them, really), and notice that they are built with a very long nose that is shaped specifically to create downforce. Also those big noses can in fact couple, it's kinda cool to watch. XD
Did not expect age of empires 2 soundtrack in the outro
2:07 thats not the new ICE L, its the so called "Westbahn"
I really wanna see an aerodynamics simulation on this thing. The head of it looks so dumb
Personally I assume that people who want that train are just americans used to the endless empty plains where you can actually draw a single straight like from east to west  and not be worried about the speed damaging anything because there would absolutely nothing around the tracks anyway. Also they periodically reinvent trains because USA don't really have trains and they are utterly ignorant that in civilized parts of the world trains already exist.
Tech bros really thought they could reinvent the railway industry overnight. They have no idea the complexity that goes into railway along with the mountain of safety assurance that has be satisfied.
7:18 Spain's not even on the list XDDD
Honestly the argument against driverless trains is kind of stupid. Today's technology is more than capable to run trains driverless. The only reason they need a driver to "supervise" is because of irrational fears.
STARSECTOR!
As a German, I unfortunately must agree on all points Adam says about the German Railway (being in a mess and the secretary in charge's party being in bed with ... other industries). It's a pity, but hopefully we catch up again, Riding on modern high speed trains can be very relaxing.
angry man compares future technology to modern technology at a theoretical peak and ignores the ideas behind the innovation.
Adam has made it really clear that he was a train type of kid. You just love trains
As a German I can only say, you absolutely nailed the high-speed/political section. This is exactly our current situation in a few seconds. Thanks for the video!! 🫶
Is there anything like preliminary studies anymore?
the US really needs a better rail system...
oh god they have infiltrated even my country
About the delay of german trains. Idk about the statistic that you showed but the official statistics of the Deutsche Bahn count trains that are delayed, but they told you that they will be late, as punctual trains and will not include them in the statistics
All the tech stuff sounds really cool and falls apart on first contact with reality
I wonder what your fascination is with Budapest as you're mentioning it in quite a few videos now.
Quantum super conductors are the answer
I absolutely NEED that Hungarian wall calendar! What kind of kolbász or szalámi is holding the lady anyway?
But... but... you don't get it! The _pods,_ man, the _pods!_
Ok I JUST finished playing some games of age of empires and a 13:15 I thought that somehow the game was still up. That music really threw me off.
North America's rail network is massive (larger than the EU's) and has very dense traffic (and CTC was invented in North America, NOT in Europe) but it's predominantly freight because people in North America are not as poor as Europeans and can afford cars for personal transport, so there's little commercial demand for passenger rail. Seeing a European looking down on North America's superior rail network is really weird.
Shinkansen trams. Got it.
9:43 Thierry Marx french chef top gastronomy moment
They even thought of hooking the crago pods together to more efficient (?) like, there really were soo close to reinveting the train xD
Trains have already been proven to be the ultimate form of transport when done right, idk why people keep trying to reinvent them.
Stop calling out American rail we get it our rail service is SHIT I totally agree, now leave us alone with your impotent rage already.
regular rails are not designed for speeds that high. this idea is idiotic
I have good news! Driverless trains are a thing in Australia, where to transit the Outback they gas her up, get up to speed, and bail out so she can trundle along all on her lonesome. A few days later on the other end someone remounts the train and regains control. No tech bros or AI required.
Whats with all the US hate? What did we ever do?  Challenge Mode: Cant be anything that happened more than 5 seconds before you read this comment.
Not the AoE2 music 😂
I would like that pod system to be integrated in germany please. That might give people the last push to maybe finally vote for a political party that actually gives a shit. And if it doesn't i'm not affected by it so i won't care.
How can we cure cancer?  Adam Something:  *T R A I N*
This looks really similar to the RTV-31 hovertrain, which itself was an idea that never took off
I hear age of empires music😮
If I was a techbro, I would just invent the teleporter
They want to move those stupid pods at 500 km/h on conventional railways    Tech Bros: "Now this is pod racing!"
that aoe outro though ...
In my opinion the only viable part of the concept are the self-driving capabilities of freight wagons. This could be used in freightyards for automated shunting, where even today remote controlled locomotives often are in use. The wagons need no motors and you only have to equip the rails at the freightyards with linear motors and not whole lines. It would be a modern version of cable shunting systems used in the past.
China is building 4,000 km of maglav track with a train that goes 600 kph 💀 the train was already built  back in 2021
They read the 3rd and 4th book of The Dark Tower series and thought "sure why not?"
the age of empires music at the end is slightly distracting :D
“Shallow lizard brain thinking of Tech Bros”
@13:50 I hear that aoe2 background music and I'm here for it. The speed target of 550 km/h is comical. Seems like they pick the absolute limit of a straight track and figure the tech will make up the difference later. That would be like skipping two or more nodes in chip manufacturing. If "higher speed" rail was half as exciting as high speed it would go a long way toward meeting our carbon goals here in the PNW.
are you the same guy as two minute papers? you have the same exact voice. you should check that out.
To be fair... I'm pretty sure the initial idea for the maglev was laughed at too.
I don't have any problem with German rail. I mean, the trains in Germany USED to run on time, but considering what they had to do to get that result, it's better to just let it slide.
Why do tech bros not understand what public transport is actually about, let alone what logistics are really about? It's large numbers of people or goods in as small a space as possible. Pods are just stupid and there is a reason why you have double decker trains for city and inter city trains. Cheap mass transport.   You know, public services... Also yay for Star Sector in the Freight part!
I'm now watching this before and after it was deemed members only.
What about the Hunting Oscillation
To be fair, tech bros come out with new inventions every few years, five seconds of googling which will identify as trains.  They never learn, either that trains exist, or that -trains- [a completely new concept] is a good idea for a reason.
As a Polish person I would like to apologize for this idiotic project. We still can' t into good railway.
Thank you for pointing out for the bazillionth time that the reason trains don't normally approach Mach 1 isn't because we don't know how to accelerate mass.
Loved the StarCraft terran music addition haha
I don't know but I think if we connect multipe train pods and give them ther own engin   essentialy turning each one of them into the engin and connect each one of them to a electric cable we should get faster trains as they will have less weight.  Only downside is that more power will be nessary and there might be traffic jams
The fact that they want to use AI to maintain trains is a cherry on top 👌
The tech bros coming up with this nonsense have clearly never played a train sim.
If the FDP were really under the lead of Porsche, our government would be fucking amazing and efficient. Never trust anything the TAZ says, it's basically leftists glueing themselves not on the road, but writing whatever stuff comes to their clouded minds. Remember, there is no party not financed by an interest group. Whether it's SPD, Grüne or Linken. The SPD is "sponsored" by the two largest print media companies, which control 75% of print media and have leftist touches. Surprise surprise. Die Grünen are "sponsored" by two families which like to remain a burden to the social system while being millionaires thanks to the taxpayers money financing their unemployment.  P.S. I like the age of empires music
The thing is this kind of projects (when they are not a planned scam) usually invest money in investigating improvements for our current tech. Even if it fails, it's good that a new company is putting interest in trains.
Like the video, I mean even just the comments are informative! And I get the need for sponsorship. But I gave up after the second mid roll ad.
Wait a sec, Europe is unifying train systems? Holy shit that's kind of huge. I tried to cross 1 border in europe once and had to swap trains twice overnight and I would rather rip out my left testicle with my bare hands than do that shit again. Maybe now it can finally be competitive with flying
MAGNET CAR
10:10 ATLASSSSSSSSSSSSS
Two trains a day, that would be heaven.  I get three trains a week.  American trains suck.
The epitome of hypocrisy. Criticizing people for "reinventing" the train, whilst shilling out sponsor deal for someone "reinventing" the wallet.
7:31 Sorry, but 5 minutes is bad? Honestly, if  that's as bad as it tends to be, that's more than acceptable. If we can deal with buses being later than that, then it's fine.
hey its frankfurt 👋 and yes the bahn is terrible, the fdb is terrible, send help.
I’m a retired railroader and this is hilarious debunking of a preposterous concept. You cannot run high speed trains on low speed alignments.
Important: Deutsche Bahn does not consider trains that never even arrive to be "late" since that would mean either an infinite delay, or a delay until the next train on the same route.
I bet the tickets come as NFTs
The biggest thing people need to understand about making trains go faster... is that the rails themselves are the barrier, not that the rails need replaced, but rather that they need to be relocated entirely. "On existing tracks" severely misunderstands the engineering problem of faster trains.  TGV already holds the record for going 550 km/h, but they don't have a single line running that speed because the tracks themselves have to be made for it.  This is the #1 reason the hyperloop is ultimately stupid, at least right now, air resistance isn't really a problem for trains, it's upgrading the rail network to support faster trains. Adding the complexity of a vacuum to travel through does effectively nothing but drive up the already prohibitive cost of HSR.
Welcome to Silicon Valley, where people do two things: attempt to reinvent the wheel, and attempt to create something entirely useless. Seems like these bros took the quote "Move fast and break things" a bit too literally.
its always the fucking pods
You can run through a switch at high speed but you can only do it ones
"Choo Choo mudafaka" - Adam Something, 2024
Imádtam a Kiszel Tünde naptárat! :D nagyon jó az angolod amúgy, meg nem mondanám hogy magyar vagy az akcentusod alapján, csak hangyányit max
This reminds me of how Moscow-Saint-Petersburg tracks were retooled for Sapsan trains (these are Siemens Velaro btw) and we had a cottage near this railroad. It required tremendous changes, removing of pretty much all of the crossings or installing heavy barriers, removing of some of the housings near the tracks (though they were never this close to the tracks as in 13:00 for example) but the biggest and most obvious change was that previously each rail track was 30 meters long, and the new ones were.... 800 meters long.
I love public transportation designed by people who hate the public.
tech bro: reinventing the train solely to exclude poor people, they know exactly what they are doing
"Imagine if there was a way for people to get around... but people were paying US to use it, rather than an industry that has any idea what it's doing." Look, maybe these tech bros just want to be able to use the train without breathing the air poor people breathe, I won't discount the idea.. but the only thing these guys are ever after is a money-making scheme, and they've been taught first that their harebrained ideas about technology are as valid as those of an expert and second that their job, essentially, is to "disrupt the market" with "innovation". They think if they can make something work *differently*, they can chisel off a portion of the market so that they are getting paid for it instead of the person who's currently getting paid for it. They need to make it better in some way in order to capture a chunk of the market. They can't make it cost less, they don't know how rail transit works, they're not experts in any of the relevant fields.  That leaves making it more "premium". A more luxurious rail experience is one option, but how do you sell that idea to more than just the bougiest of bougies? Plus, you gotta quantify something to give a "value proposition". What you can quantify and sell to randos is speed. It's relatively easy to say "here's the speed my transit can go" and get people excited. You have to back that up, so you can simplify the mechanism and demonstrate the theoretical speed capability of the thing, and just hope nobody looks too closely.  That's all I think is happening here. It's not that they've built something for themselves because they had a need, it's that they once rode a train and went "oooh, this is a powerful industry. What one thing slightly bothered me about it, and how can I steal some of this business?"
At the start I wondered "But magnet trains are already a thing? Why would this be needed and why would it fail?"  Then I kept watching the video and the dread started setting in
went to check if i was still on 2x playback but bro is just battle rapping the script
babe wake up adam reinvented reinventing trains
Tech bros. want the rest of us to ride on the same crazy train they're all ridin'.
Thanks for speaking the truth.
Don't trust numbers about the Deutsche Bahn. David Kriesel did a great talk about data mining and how DB cheats with their numbers. The reality looks even worse
10:09 shoutout to Starsector!
“German trains are shit when it comes to  punctuality in European standards” Me: laughs manically in Swedish  Never go to Sweden and travel by train Adam. During winter snowseason it doesn’t work, which is ironic because we have that quite a lot of the time
9:15 "even if the key decision-makers smoked enough crack to consider this a good idea" :'D
Lmao, Bolivian here, I'm sorry your luggage made it all the way over here!!
What is it with tech bros and making shitty trains?
"we want high speed rail, but we don't want to make it to good, or it would cut into the profits of our Autoindustrie" could be a fucking FDP slogan
I wasnever a bit surprised seeing my home country at 5:46 , but it was a welcomed surprise :D
"Because of course they do.." lol
So it's a train but way worse. Yeah that checks out
It is NOT about the PODS or the 550 kph! It is about the actual drivetrain and the HOVERING.
i think techbros watched Starwars and thought all the wacky as fuck architecture n tech would be actually doable. The pods are basically Kamino, these trains look very starwars like. Like if u love Starwars so much make lightsabers thats actually kind of possible n could be used practically. Not fuckin weird kamino ocean minecraft ass looking houses.
Hi, Polish person here, I am fully convinced these guys want to emulate the Luxtorpeda. For those unaware, before WWII, Polish railways built this amazingly fast and luxurious locomotive, which was available only to the rich and when driving at max speed from Cracow to Zakopane, they had to clear the ENTIRE track. While today it is seen as one of the symbols of the 'Good Ol' days' of the Interwar period, it also carried its many, many inequalities. These guys should focus their craft not on futuristic BS which badly emulates past tech, but on making the Pendolino finally work
Great sence of humor. But your stepping over the fact that a prototype does not need to resemble the final product. Yes, I agree fully it's a dumb idea but the world is full of things that started out as dumb ideas. Just take Musk's hyperloop, I'm quite certain when they are The mode of transport on Mars we will finally invest in them here as well.
Imagine the politicians and policy makers getting these train replacement requests and secretly waiting for Adam to find out about it and releasing a video on its feasibility.
Your knowledge of Germany is very good:D
Repent, turn to Jesus Christ for your salvation while you can, turn my friend!
also the sound would be horrible as it is going faster than sound on open air train tracks  edit: you said this alr ^^
Jók ezek a játékokból vett aláfestő zenék StarCraft volt a legjobb
Always love a bit of surprise Terran music.
That Starcraft Terran theme is ... well nice to hear once in a while.
US transportation is the best in the world.  Our freight rail system is the largest and most productive in the world.  We have the largest air travel system in the world, and we have the largest and best road system in the world.  The only thing Europe can really brag about is passenger rail, something most people in the US don't care about because of the aforementioned roads and planes.   A commuter air line is faster and cheaper for inter city travel than a high-speed train. That's why the German government banned some flight routes that competed with their high-speed trains.  This is also why people in the US are more productive than almost all other people on earth.  If we want to pursue an opportunity, we don't have to worry if it's accessible by public transit.  Sorry, but rail is really only a good idea in high density locations.
Did not expect a random video on trains to cut away to "Germany is crap at trains, also Lindner is basically a Porsche representative"  I can't say you're wrong too hate the DB and FDP, so anywayssss
I think we can all agree. Adam Something is the absolute best channel on YouTube.
I think these people got their railway engineering education… from minecraft
and this year i think i remember german rail got down to 53%.. and its never their fault, its always the weather, or infrastructure,.. (which is their job to maintain in the first place) or someone elses fault...
Too slow, a train should arrive at their destination in only 10 seconds.
If pods work for Nespresso, why couldn’t it work for rails?
What if you could drive your car onto a train? Like a car ferry, but on land!
10:09 Starsector mentioned!!!
Podbros hate the economy of scale
He didnt do anything of value in his life, only complains on YouTube.
The most idiotic thing tech bros don't get is that there's literally no point in making a train short. A train isn't a private thing for you and your buddies, and one with 20 people capacity will have no commercial value unless each seat costs 1 million € and everyone will be fine in paying that for a ride.
"We want high speed rail but we dont want to make it too good, because it would cut into the profits of our auto industry" As a german i applaude you for your highly efficent, factually true statement.  So isset.
Tech bros look at cyberpunk vehicles and think to themselves why no one has made this, and completely ignore the fact that it is nowhere near cost effective or even more reliable than current day vehicles
To hammer the points about speed home, the maximum tested speed of the TGV is 574 kilometers per hour.
10:11 Star Sector mentioned!
Tech bros can't even build a TRAIN without screwing it up!  It's like screwing up instant mashed potatoes!
Age of Empires, Starcraft, SuperMario World... I love this Channel!
Great presentation, as always, Adam.
550 kph on long bridges, think of the damn vibrations. This is crazy.
We need to stop calling them tech bros, these are people who are want to feel smart. Not people who know anything about tech
everytime i watch adam i get a little more r e a l
The realistic cynicism of this channel is so refreshing!
Well California High Speed Rail was always a joke, Elon Musk didnt need to say a thing. That thing has been in political purgatory that even Governor Newsome wants out, that not even the Biden administration isnt giving anymore more money to it. The train Vegas to Barstow is more of a real thing.
do IronLev
0:54 what’s the point of using existing tracks if you have to retrofit them with expensive magnets anyways? just build new tracks?
i didnt realise they wanted copper lines xD. im in the uk and that sht would get stolen faster than the workers could unpack it, people would even take the box and deal with clean up later. we get people stealing entire diggers, dozers, and forklifts. they would just joy ride ye ol' caterpiller claw digger, pick it up and load it onto their borrowed 18 wheeler. we got theives with logistic sense.
Automated freight trains exist - to transport iron ore from mines to ports in remote Western Australia (Hitachi/Rio Tinto Autohaul). Contrary to the Silicon Valley wet dreams, they're conventional locomotives that pull 240 wagons (2.4km consist). They also have a tendency of derailing and/or crashing almost every year.
Bro there is no personell shortage, not on railways nor anywhere. There is a pay shortage so people dont want to work there. Watch how many people will want to be train drivers when you pay them $50 an hour.
I need to reinvnet something, make it useless, and throw spme buzzeords on it so i can sell the "idea" for $100 millions
I hate tech bros so much, it's like they watched a bunch of science fiction and want to make them a reality without realising that authors of science fiction often aren't scientists or engineers with all the explanations on why something does what it does.
"Polish Deep-Tech Bros" is almost the worst thing I've ever considered.
7:25 Okay but there’s like what a dozen people that live in Switzerland. Like come on be fair. Plus 64% is still a passing grade!   /s
Was that Age of Empires II music around 12:17 ? :D
You just know sh!1's bad when they used the Elongated Muskrat's stupidstraw (hyperloop) as "inspiration".
I really miss the days where train engineers would be given a piece of paper on a long hook. And they just had to reach out the window and grab it to receive their orders for the day.
3:55 Omg Neverhood ❤❤
The music at 10:09 caused a flood of ancient memories, so thanks for that.
dude even scmaglev and transrapid only reach 500 in operation and 600kmh in testing
as an american youre so right and i want more trains
1930: "Sorry to say, but the mine's closing down gentlemen. Diesel trains have replaced the need for our coal." 2024: "Sorry to say, but the shaft's closing down gentlemen. Crypto bros figured out how to run a train on dogecoin mining."
6:14 As a Czech train fan, you made me really upset.😔
Tech bros, re-inventing the wheel by making it square!
The "tech bro" term never fails to confuse me, like in this circumstance, where trains... Are tech.
technically, a few large companies do operate driverless trains. Or rather, remote controlled shunters in their own rail yards. So they probably dont count
This is pretty much just Snowpiercer  lmao
I just did my capstone on the high speed commuter rail problems in the USA. The number one biggest issue by far is that we don’t have enough tracks and routes for rail to be a viable alternative to highways or planes in America. Most people I surveyed said they would use trains more if there were more/better routes. We don’t need new rail technology, we need to expand upon what we have. It’s like if someone brought a modern car back to 1900. There wasn’t the infrastructure (roads, gas stations, etc) back then for the car to be particularly useful.
This reminds me of the polish Luxtorpeda, a high speed inter war train
Haven’t we already had bullet trains?
As an American who lived in Atchison a few years ago and still drive by plenty of times, it amazes me that what was considered a large hub for train traveling has so little train traffic. Most I ever heard while living only a few blocks down one of the most important sections of the tracks was like 3 trains a day, and all of it was cargo.
Tech Bros be like, It looks cool :(
I thought this was going to be a video about tech bros inventing a wild new concept that turns out to be something that already exists, trains in this case, but this is just as funny
as an American, everything i learn about european transit infrastructure makes me cry
a whole video about stupid tech being sponsored by a wallet you need to charge is kinda ironic
160km is REGULAR SPEED???????????  I’m crying right now. Trains in America really don’t top 70mph.
I like your wall calender!
"obselete by gmail and calender" hard slap
Dude this is not for people. This is a scam directed towards investors. If people dont have money right now and barely afford housing there is no point in making elaborate fancy scams. This is a scam to make money on investors. Get over it
amazing video, mad respect for using classic RTS music tracks (starcraft, aoe, aoe II, etc)
So mentioning TGV, ICE, Shinkansen for 250+ kph trains and not mentioning the big boss China's Hexie and Fuxing.
what if we instead of making travel faster using billions of dollars, we change society so that we have more free time with shorter work weeks, so we have more time to enjoy our not super fast transportation?
Why is Higher speed somewhat slower than High speed?
Love your stuff.
3:04 > "Trains are highly efficient" > *Shows a clip of NJ Transit*  (Yes I know that NJ Transit is far better than what most of the US has but that's sort of like eating a hot dog off the ground when you're starving and calling it good food)
7:48 that’s not really the biggest problem, the biggest problem is that a lot of the rails are just too old and the high speed trains can’t drive at high speed there. The slower trains (mostly) don’t stop the high speed ones because it’s the rule that they have to stop to let the high speed trains pass. The only problem of the mixed system is that delays in the high speed trains affect other trains
Wow, this guy and his fans are the reason why some things will never change.
Maybe if we just call train cars “pods” we can convince tech bros  to fund POD expansion
Rich oil oligarch billionaires will love these one! Ontop of the other obvious scams, "megaprojects" they bought into.
There is really not a single problem  with having trains cut up in single carts, going at 500km/h, sharing the railway and having enough of these departing per hour just to try and achieve anything remotely close to the normal, effective trains. Not a single safety problem, especially when installed on already existing rail ment for speeds way lower.  Seriously, these "pods" would just fck everything up.
Techbros "reinvent" the wheel so that the new wheel is........still round, and rolls like it's been since forever....  But now!! It connects to the internet, is voice assisted, has netflix, doubles as an E-wallet, syncs with a companion app on your phone via bluetooth, displays pride flags, respects your pronouns, censors wrongthink, and is AI controlled.
Honestly, these projects only exist to draw government fundings and then die and these tech bro move on to a new project... sometimes they can sell it for a profit, sometimes no.
maybe im a tech-bro at heart but i do still hold out hope mag-lev could be a useful technology in mass transit i just wish one of these "innovative" projects would actually "innovate" something.
i do love the creators utter disdain for the American rail system
The train infrastructure played a heroic part in the mass evacuation of Ukraine in the current war. Huge waves of people in Nyugati Pályaudvar, Budapest, Hungary. Likewise the Syrian refugee crisis in Budapest was centered around Keleti Pályaudvar, Budapest. I'm sure similar scenes were witnessed in the past wars too. Trains are the best for moving huge numbers of people safely.
7:22 I apologise on behalf of Switzerland. 98% punctuality is unacceptable and we will strive to do better in the future
They might invent train again but still it would be late 30 minutes on average
I work on freight rail in america and thinking about ai doing my job is honestly laughable, 99% of what we do is fixing stuff the operators broke and it can be determined by using a crazy technology called inspecting and asking 💀 it aint that deep.
As a railway engineer, I am happy to see that people constantly keep reinventing trains. However, they are getting less and less good at it.
Duh, rail blocked by slow train? Man, put some rotors on top of your pot and just flyyy. LOL
10:08 Terran One! Love it! (Hilarious vid, thanks!)
10:09 Starsector Atlas-class superfreighter
wait higher speed is less than high speed?
2:45 I said "oh my god the fkin pods again" at the same time
I love everyone pointing out how derivative and stupid the pods are, but I’m just here thinking how selfish it sounds.   Twenty people on a vehicle going as fast as possible, with no consideration for other trains on the line or danger to others nearby the rail? Sounds like the inventor(s) just want to zoom around with their friends, without having to share a space with other people or have a longer travel time than five seconds. The whole project makes more “sense” if you imagine it in the head of someone who hates trains and wished it catered to their needs, specifically.
cries in north american
I'm from the country with the most punctual trains :D That’s probably the reason why I never had a driver's license.
Truly some of the minds of our era
Trains good cars bad
that's how people who received MBA came up with these ideas :D
Introduce Nevomo to mountains and fjords. Watch them tell Norwegians about new super-innovative tunnel concepts.
11:22 is that... Kiszel Tünde?
We all need to make money but doing a video about tech bro's reinventing something that already works with a sponsor that makes wallets where your actual bills just hang on the outside of your wallet is kind of ironic.
I would say its more of 'lets find a solution we can sell to NEOM'.  I can see that making sense.  Or maybe to sell in places with no atmosphere like the moon or Mars?
Well, if those pods come to Greek rail infrastructure then it's gonna be a disaster. we still rely on communication between station masters and train drivers to keep rail travel safe
I love how you manage to include Ústecký kraj in your videos so often. I'm watching your video on a work trip in the Netherlands but I'm missing home already thanks to this video haha
Haha... luxury freight trains, that sounds like a great idea.
I hate so much the obsession with individualism, humans are a social species.
i dont think this idea is a good thing, but its also not targeted for a place where people steel copper. its for civiliced countries like japan and china, where the trains already drive that fast. not everything is easter europe
Well explained. Nevomo snake oil debusted.
honestly, the deadpan delivery of "and key decision makers smoked enough crack to consider it a good idea..." sent me.
Guys,i have a bad idea: What if we put trains in the water? We Will basically have Floating maglev rails who can go over the oceans.With the ballons  technology,we will go over the oceans without need for Building underwater tunnels or bridges.These pods will travel at 800kmh and have a capacity of 30 peoples. Here are some routes that we could build with this tecnology: London-new york Los Angeles-tokyo Dubai-Mumbai Darwin-singapore Wow,i now became a dumb liberal techbro
Even I'm too neurotypical for this much train info.  Super informative, however.
10:09 Starsecter reference!
Is that FF music in the background?
techbros are the symptom of Idiocracy
engineer: KISS, keep it simple stupid tech bro: KISIS, keeping it simple is stupid
10:10 STARSECTOR MENTIONED💪💪💪🔥🔥🔥🔥
You spoil everything I love and I think I like it (?)
11:12 I'm dying LMAO
Love love love the StarCraft music interject... More please :)
Yay, the Czech Republic FTW :D
The only thing that is good about this is that the business model cannot suffer from Enshittification.  Sadly this is because the idea is so bad in the first place. :D
"You'll very soon run into another problem..." Me: Traffic? *shows Deutche Bahn train* Me: Dear god.. it's the Deutche Bahn
Imagining this on Pennsylvania rails.... yeah.... yeah don't do that👁👄👁
Every time I'm able to take a train I feel like I've entered some utopia where I'm not tied to a horrible, stressful, polluting car. American moment lol
I always find it interesting that they propose these freight systems in places like Europe, where most countries have relatively easy access to the sea, as opposed to some place like central Asia or other inland areas where a high-speed freight system might (special emphasis on the word might) make sense. At least there you could conceivably have a need to get freight from remote communities or isolated cities overland at a long distance. I mean, this system is still stupid, but at least there would be some semblance of an argument in favor for it.
as a german it always hurts when the Db gets mentioned. I wish we would fix our trainnetwork
I came here for the AOE music
Calling the FDP „libertarian“ is like calling Biden a communist. The FDP is currently governing Germany in a coalition with social-democrats and the Greens. The FDP is liberal in the European sense at best, but more center-left then anything else. 8:20
As you've said, a High Speed Rail network needs it's own dedicated line, with no other traffic and specialised lines. Take the Shinkansen in Japan. It's fantastic, but can only operate on it's own isolated network. Isolated from people, cars, other trains, and a big one, wildlife. Imagine hitting a deer at 320kph.
Pacer.  They made a Pacer.  But faster and orders of magnitude more expensive
It's really hilarious how the train seems to be the crab in the world of transportation   "Sir, we've got results from the AI we dedicated to designing a new, efficient method of transporting massive amounts of cargo and people across destinatjons..." "Alright, let me see... multiple containers, all connected to and moved by a center piece with an engine over dedicated infrasttructure...wha- that's just a train! Run the similation again"
this video is really good but why is higher speed slower than high speed
Not to mention it looks ugly af and the windows are way too small
Love it when people try to reinvent the wheel, because we get new videos from adam😅
roblox parkour mfs when they hear "mag rail" (they're grappler mains)
Just wait till Techbros discover the wheel!
I liked the part with gmail and a wall calendar. Logistics and supply chains are my bread and butter at work and you nailed it.
7:26 The problem with this statistic may not be obvious to Americans, but if you look at it closely, you realize that the comparison is flawed. With the exception of France, "long distance" routes are compared with each other that have nothing to do with a long distance because the countries are tiny compared to Italy or Germany. Their rail networks and their size and capacity utilization are a joke compared to Germany, and therefore much easier to manage. So it's no wonder that punctuality is better. The average deviations in Germany, by the way, are only a few minutes in most cases, but the statistics are completely distorted by individual delays lasting several hours or the complete cancellation of trains.
Plz remember: the only reason why we germans can reach those giga chat numbers is because we don't count trains that never arrive.  After a certain amount of time we cancel late trains, so they don't show up in our statistics.  Our trains are bad EVEN AFTER CHEATING!
Hi Adam, love your content, have been watching for a couple of years now. I like how you dissect these ideas that "sound" interesting but are not in reality.  Are there any interesting infrastructure or city planning ideas that are feasible and that you do like? Just wondering here.   Cheers
How many more times can these people invent worse trains?
I wish Congress and/or companies would get their act together so that American rail could be decent.
TGV supremacist here, all hail the sncf
The last 40 miles of Cal High Speed rail, to San Francisco, has 38 at grade crossings.  The slower Vegas Bright line requires a 35 mile trip out of downtown LA to get the actual train.    So much for HS rail in the US.
Thinking you can use steel wheels to “stabilize” something traveling on a maglev track is hilarious.
Like a waterpark in the Sahara... Next video idea huh ;)
Cat was NOT having it
Oh wait - you could circumvent all the infrastructure problems - like having to go slow on crossings and in cities... If you ... [Dramatic Pause] put the whole system in a tube. Like build a kind of tunnel around it. And then suck the air out, so you don't have too much air pressure.  I am a genius! Give me copious ammounts of public money to realize that!
like the AOE music
always a joy to hear music from some of my favourite strategy games
Trains here in America haven’t seen an update in nearly 100 years
I appreciate the Starsector freighter in the middle 10:10
We already have fast pods carrying 20 people, they're called private jets.
03:33 - How the hell did this drunken fever-nightmare of a concept advance one millimeter beyond the laughable passenger capacity and/or sheerly insurmountable logistical shitshow? I'm no engineer, but I can think of nearly endless reasons why this is a profoundly stupid plan & collossal money waste. Probably footed by some poor taxpayers.
ATLAS-CLASS SUPERFREIGHTER SPOTTED IN THE TRANSITION  but anyway yeah jesus christ
I think we need the black beetle train. Would be funny I think
Tech Bros: What if we made high speed submarine pods that snuck under the waves for passengers and freight to DiSrUpT the aviation industry, and also used said pods as modular Seasteading constructions? Also, they mine bitcoins and can be used to construct things like oil rigs and space ports.
After watching the video, I have to wonder what the point of it all was. It was honestly insufferable listening to a youtuber go "ackshully thats wrong" for 14min by just regurgitating modern railway facts from wikipedia. I can imagine you doing the same shtick a decade ago when tesla was first coming onto the scene. Or when the original high speed rail was being developed. Or maglev. All of them had design challenges to overcome, but that didnt make them bad ideas. Just let the innovators innovate and leave the issues you brought up to their R&D department. If they fail, then they fail, whatever. We need people to try to push humanity forward even while the rest are naysayers.
I believe wholeheartedly we need to move away from the idea of car centric society and a big reason for that is modern warfare.  Right now we are seeing the extreme consequences of urban warfare and veterans of past wars have as well. WW2 is the most extreme upper end of this form of fighting, and goals to protect infrastructure and cities during that war have failed, often resulting in mass destruction that, in some places in Europe, still have yet to recover from the second world war.  Imagine massive urban sprawl like a city like DC or Moscow being crammed full of abandoned cars and confusing infrastructure, where trying to preserve the city is the priority of the commanders in the attacks. If one army doesnt care about preservation of the city; they can cause all kinds of problems that can lead to massive destruction for the sake of saving lives.  If an enemy wants to avoid the urban warfare altogether an EMP could easily do that without an army having to set foot inside the city, all the civilians going mad max over toilet paper will handle that for the invader.  Another major problem is projects like what tech bros want; are vulnerable systems, because crypto and the mines they have arent regulated, what is stopping an enemy power from hacking the tech bro money systems, stealing billions in currency and then crashing the system so that the tech bros can no longer gain income? Especially if they are paying for military protection and support. Replacing cars: trains, aircraft, ships and houses with pods, will not mot solve any problems, especially if affluent appearance can also make those people massive targets for foreign invaders. There is a reason many millionaires dont flaunt their wealth open and exposed, even ancient nations from Rome and Egypt to China, provided insane levels of protection for their wealthy because the wealthy help fund the nation by building roads and supplying the military. Affluent tech bros would be sitting ducks because no one would want to protect them or their liability prone vanity projects
10:11 was that Front Mission BGM, sound familiar 👀
I really believe that there are people that wants the luxury and convivence(speed) of flying, but are afraid of flying.
This channel has way too much common sense and nuance. I'm disgusted! I come to YouTube for relentless hypes!
Let's hope decisionmakers know their stuff... just kidding, better hope they know how to use Yt xD
This isn't a train, it's an obscenely expensive human railgun 😬
Most of this video just annoyed me, except for when the UNATCO music came on
they think locomotives are trucks silly them, As a steam locomotive enthusiast, the last thing i want for steam locomotives to come back is the future failing to deliever what the past gave    guys, you won't fucking believe this
Can’t tech bros go back to failing to make floating cities and leave working people alone?
Tech bros should visit Mumbai
Beyond the abysmal regard for the realities of the train industry, I still cannot get over the beak design. Like. If it wasn’t obvious how little they know about physics, the front of the train is this horrible cone, lifted meters off the ground, which will absolutely cause issues with drag and air flow. It’s like they saw the high-speed train designs with sloped fronts, didn’t bother to learn why they’re designed that way, and copied a worse one. It smells like either AI, or plain stupidity for me.
didn't hear any of the information around 10:30 because of the techbro plagiarism machine generated background image
Ouch, that mention of Czech Republic - that hurt, but sadly, it's true... 😢  On the other hand, many train crashes are caused by polish truck driver.
I believe I speak for most Germans when I say: We appreciate the shout out (to our terrible train services)
6:16 what is bgm here please tell me 😢
Appreciate ya. Thanks for sharing.
You guys don’t get it. They’re going to disrupt the industry by leveraging blockchain technology and Artificial Intelligence that’s run on a neural network to maintain peak efficiency. They will mine Bitcoin while they work!
What can you do, poles love trains
Huh... Wasn't expecting a Starsector reference on 10:09
You nailed it regarding American passenger rail. I was stationed near Nuremberg (west) Germany Feb.79-Sept.81. The DB trains and schedules blew away anything that we had back in the US, there is no way in hell I would ever take a train here in the us, then or now!! No doubt the Europeans are ahead of the US in all types of rail by a couple of centuries!!!
bro even the most oldest train can be more efficient than that thing
I've never agreed with everything someone jas said and at the same time found them unbearable  Talk about eurostink
Dude, your editing and style os absurd. There's a lot of personality in your edits.  And the outro song!
Self-powered cars would be a cool idea for railyards. Being able to move cars around without an engine.
Trains are tight, yo!
*inhales pipe* What can I say, capitalism breeds innovation!
i love how "high speed" is faster than "higher speed".
Did not expect to see star sector but hey
This is just a bus
Plus some nitpicks for the European market:  - You'll have to invent your own signalling system. If you scaled your demand back by even only fifty km/h, you'd be in range for ETCS but no, because: - Your solution looks like it requires sticking a LIM rail in the middle of the tracks. Which is exactly where the ETCS beacons are fitted. So every time you run over some critical signalling equipment, it gets instantly fried to a crisp.  So running anywhere in Europe is pretty much a non-starter. And seeing that ETCS is becoming a worldwide standard, the places where it could theoretically technologically run and make a semblance of economic sense are dwindling.
Hungarian trains are more punctual thant German ones? HOW?
There is even an Italian company working on the same technology. Check ironlev (apparently direct links are not allowed in comments section) But as far as I know they do not mean to build a 'new' train or the like, nor their goal is to get 500+ km/h speed. They are mostly focusing on efficiency. Less consumption of wheels and rails and less power to make the system work. Moreover they're studying a system working totally with existing infrastructure, without adding a thing, and they hope, in the future, to sell their systems to traditional rail manufacturers.There is a long way to get to this, but this way looks a bit more rational. For the time being they applied that technology to other systems, such as elevators. That because the final goal isn't speed, but efficiency.
Nonsense. There is never a need to slow down, not even on stations. Just catapult people out of their seats.
10:09 you just moved half a million people back in time 20 years lol
Hey Adam  I really like your videos. I love how you debunk all the stupid projects. I was wondering if you could make a video about good and smart projects and then explain why they are good and smart. I think a good example would be the Gotthard-basetunnel in Switzerland.
10:10 nice starsector reference
Wow... I can't believe the techbros somehow made something that feels like an even WORSE idea than what the lads came up with in the Top Gear train episode. That's... genuinely impressive, in the worst way.
Why is it always magnets?
But but those renders are so high quality, even there is cloth simulation on the pants of the persons! That must mean its totally real and serious.
I think it should be put into law that techbros should be barred from anything to do with ground-based transportation under pain of death.
It's astounding that the people behind this company haven't even looked at actual implementations of retrofitted HSR tracks. In Japan, most of the Shinkansen lines run on purpose-built tracks that allow for 270-320km/h, but two (Yamagata and Akita) run partly on old conventional rail tracks that were retrofitted for Shinkansen. They re-gauged the rails from narrow gauge to standard gauge and added various safety features, but even then the trains are unable to run at higher than 130km/h on the retrofitted tracks due to the problems with curvature, level crossings, noise, and interactions with slower trains, all described in this video.  As an aside, the reason Yamagata and Akita Shinkansens lines were built in spite of the slow speed is because they offer through service to Tohoku Shinkansen, which does run at 300km/h to Tokyo. Being able to travel between Yamagata or Akita and Tokyo without changing trains was considered enough of a merit, even if a part of the journey is being run at conventional rail speed. And yes, both lines are believed to be profitable.
Absolutely LOVE that Age of Empires backgroud music, idk how that fits this well :D
can u please make a video about cars with spherical wheels that can turn to every direction, i always thought its super futuristic and useful idea without many drawbacks but whats your realistic thoughts about it?
At this point it would be easier to reconfigure EVERY rail in existence to TGV or Bullet train lever. That would be more practical though😅
Most tech startups are just scam to get some millions from investors.
Is that age of empires background music?   😂
for a funcking pod with 20 people 😀😀😀
Trains are the number one contributor to pollution and global warming and need to be phased out entirely. A car with an ICE is the most efficient and environmentally friendly vehicle that humanity has access to.
In tech, everything at some point evolves into trains. Trains are crabs of the tech world. It could be anything. Beware if your iphone turns into train one day.
Adam Something be like: why everything new that will upgrade the technology up to 10x times is bad                                              and why old technology and designs are great
Its funny that you mention a Waterpark in the Sahara when the Saudi Royal Government is trying to do something at least twice as dumb with that Ski Resort theyre tryna build in the desert mountains.
the wire theft part reminds me of when they give electric lines to Africans and they brake the transformers so they can turn the oils and fuilds inside them into super low grade cooking oil
For the railway statistic at 7:27, is that just European countries? If not, where is Japan?
Nice  cat
Confused about USA trains jokes. Chicago & NYC trains are great (Other than the fact that they just decide to not show up when they don't feel like it (usually someone jumped in the tracks))
sound like someone want to invent flying train and everyone impress about it until 4 grader ask “ isnt it plane? “
Why does it look like Sashimi ?
"That's not a rail service, that's a traveling exhibition" bruh, that was brutal lmao
Snooty Tech Bro: "Ugh, well OBVIOUSLY it should all be done by AI. I mean, mah gawd, humans make nothing but shit." Normal person: "You know I actually agree with you." Snooty Tech Bro: "Cha, finally you realize my superior intell-" Normal person: "A human did make YOU after all!" Snooty Tech Bro: "ORRRRRRRR!!!"
The US would have a lot more passenger rails if the railroad companies hadnt decided that moving stuff around was more profitable than moving people around
Idk, it's basically like a private jet, but on rails
10:09 Starsector reference :D
was that the shadowrun snes bgm at the end there?
Did engineering degrees drop in standards? Online schooling, maybe🤔 "ah, the world is fun to watch" 😂🍿
i fuckin love this guy😂😂😂
AOE2 music ftw
Was that friggin Deus Ex soundtrack in there? 😀
Please god give America public transportation
Can we call the pod people?
As soon as someone names anything "hyper" you can just assume it's garbage.
Saudi Arabia is planning a new super skyscraper can’t wait for the video about it
Smoking crank doesn’t make you think bad ideas are good, aside from smoking more crack. Why is that phrase a thing? Its not a hallucinogen!
nah way, the outro soundtrack is from AOE II. This channel is legit
What a find problematic with all the new High Speed lines its that they are not supposed to carry cargo, so meanwhile we develop the HSL, there are more and more trucks and delivery vans and etc. I think that we should rely on trains on every aspect of transport, and develop those tracks for non human cargo
The sad thing is that, their heart is seemingly in the right place: better infrastructure!   but their brain is in the wrong place: mmmm dlidlo
Haven't they already done this twice
Not to rain on your parade or support Elon or whatever cause I don’t care about him but in the name of integrity, you should link the article where it says he used hyper loop to undermine California’s rail system cause the paragraph literally starts with “He told me. . .”
I hear that The Neverhood and Starcraft 1 soundtrack bits! Straight in the nostalgia
12:30 so basically you're telling me if they built this it would be like an anime character running so fast it causes an explosion behind them ? and come with all the problems everyone conveniently ignores in those scenes like the shards of glass flying through the air?
Yeah but but it uhhh looks kinda cool so yeah
You remind me of my honduran friend I lost a couple months ago and I love you for it... thank you for staying true and being hilariously yourself (as far as we, the viewers know ;)) sure my friend spoke with a slight spanish accent but your german reminds me of him... God I miss him... CipherUnknown, I won't forget you 💔
Ok but my startup is going to disrupt the travel industry by putting pods on the water and harnessing clean wind energy to propel them
Ezek után már tényleg biztos vagyok benne hogy Magyar származású vagy :D
Trains are inefficient and harmful to the environment anyway. Trains should have been phased out a long time ago and its time to get rid of them forever. You should educate yourself before you talk about this topic again because you are clearly not in possession of the facts.
Watching this from our tgv ride. I love trains !!!!!!!!!!!
The scary part is that we're only a few years away from some tech bro convincing their lobbied politicians to give the reigns to an AI and relying on one chubby 20-something to babysit it, killing a ton of jobs while costing us even more to subsidize the new systems development into our taxes, despite it not being voted on by the population 😊 its a brave new world, folks 😮
Honestly, the main thing limiting travelers on the dutch train system is the price of travel. As for the punctuality of the trains i think most of my delays are because of ICE from Germany. If it became lower-tech to save money more people would use it.
Yeah, putting multiple in a line seems like a solution. Also there probably are some rails, which work well for 550 km/h without having to slow down. There could be used first, and then more and more rails will be upgraded for the new trains in the long term.  It's a little annoying that you mostly talk about the downsides and not about solutions.
That joke with Czech Republic hits different, we do :D
can you review some public transportation in argentina? i am courios of how can lost so much money meanwhile is so used
What is the source on the claim that Elon was trying to kill high speed rail with Hyperloop? There are so many irrational Elon haters out there, I don't trust just any journalist... Besides, it is obvious that Elon just wanted others to do the hard engineering work so he can build Hyperloops on Mars. They might actually make sense there (using tunnel boring, which is also the only reason he is interested in that tech here on Earth)
Tech Bros don't live in the same world as us - you know, the world where we have to obey the laws of physics and mathematics 🥴🥴
For anyone wondering 550 kilometers per hour = 342 miles per hour if you use that ugly system.
It is still a useful idea. It’s adding a layer of value to existing infrastructure and increasing its usage.   If this is sold a premium product which then justifies a high price, then have a portion of the profits go to subsidize regular passenger rail. Slight policy considerations here maybe but overall there is a lot of value unlocked
Hey, Adam! Awesome video! Is it possible that Musk is only now claiming that the Hyperloop was a clever ploy to derail high-speed rail in California so that he is perceived as a Machiavellian genius instead of an egomaniacal fool who hadn't recognized the absurdity of the Hyperloop?
Reminds me of Slovenska Strela a czech single car train from past.
As a Polish guy, I'm sorry you had to research this, Adam. As a side note - only a few railroads in all of Poland are certified for ,,higher speed"and even fewer trains actually make use of this possibility. So 550kph is completely bonkers...
I have an idea for a startup. What if we made like an attachable ramp with railways on top that we would put on slow trains. Then the fast trains could just use the ramp to pass slow train while riding on top of it.   Looking for co-founders and investors, any interested?
Have you ever heard about "cargo sous terrain"? A swiss underground "pod-system-project". Please make a video about it!
As a Polish person, I'm disappointed to learn that tech bros  started popping up in my country as well
Besides the absolute marvel that is your breakdown of modern dumb techbro ideas, I love your background music. The mix of Age of Empires and Starcraft just makes my day every single time. Lots of love and respect.
Mfs gotta stop hating on Amtrak, it's a decent system, most shorter routes (still longer than most European routes)  have ~10 departures/arrivals per day. You can also buy a ticket for $20, 10 if you're a student, which is cheaper than anywhere in Europe. People love to hate despite having never actually used it.
why does american rail suck? because we had it alot longer. yall just slapped down newer models.
I can hear Adam beating his head up against the wall at the concept of this idea.
Yooo the Starcraft music at 10:08 !!!
I was laughing out loud as soon as you got to the part about them proposing to do 550km/h on existing tracks by utilising the power of magnets. I'm not a rail expert by any stretch of the imagination and even I know that the difficulty with high speed rail is not the propulsion system, it's the rails, the route and what else is using the line. Look at what was required in Britain to get HS2 going: all new tracks that cut a much straighter line across the countryside avoiding towns and hills and with nothing else but other high speed trains running on them. And the estimates for that are currently £65 billion.
You should be a VC Advisory board member
We had a highspeed train dream long before it was called transrapid.
The Neverhood music❤
10:09 starsector jumpscare
I loved your ad transition !!!!
monkeys and typewriters, I suppose
the fact that trains are good at moving a lot of people in one vehicle, is the thing that prevents you from understanding their true potential.  which is the exact opposite.  it's VERY small pods, the size of a mini van or so, on an elevated track built with a similar construction to a roller coaster track, but obviously with no loops.  incredibly durable, above ground so 3 dimensional, fully electric, no batteries needed because of a third rail, insanely energy efficient, because the "pods" weigh 1/10 the weight of a car, and completely self piloting.  everyones an idiot for not thinking of this already.
Hi @AdamSomething I'm sure you have lots of ideas to debunk bullshit projects, but could you make a video about "Permanent electrified road to charge vehicles while moving"?
AoE2 music based
Aww come on man as an American ours isn't so bad like it'll get you there ok.
STARSECTOR😅
Seriously why are tech bros determined to reinvent trains???? Its like trying to reinvent the wheel. A more simpler solution is to make them electric rather than creating a whole new system.
A lot of good points were made in this video, but I feel a counterpoint must be stated: This could potentially be a good idea if trains didn't already exist. If they were able to install their own infrastructure, including abusing eminent domain liberally, and could thus completely control every pod using the rail system . . . it would work. Quite well actually, at least insofar for transporting people. It wouldn't turn a profit because they'd either be losing money for 50+ years or charge so much per ticket that people wouldn't even think to laugh, but it would work as intended.  The idea is still stupid though, because it completely ignores the existing infrastructure. Still, I like seeing these ideas proposed because they work like evolution: out of 10,000 ideas 9,000 will be crap, 900 will be pointless, 90 will be neat but not really helpful, 9 will be great but not go anywhere, and 1 will become the new normal.
11:00   This bit and the little diagram animation whatever thing directly after actually does a REALLY good job of putting into perspective as to why so many different cargo containers can be seen on one train. Got a train going in the direction of one of your customers you can just drop it on and it'll get there eventually lol i know this is prolly step 1 in learning how trains work but im an American who's still new to the logistics  of trains, im mostly just in it for the mechanical bits i mean cmon trains r kool dood
putting the LOCO in locomotion ^×^
The reason why techbros rwfuse to just give into trains and keep inventing new worse trains is becuse they dont want to admit that one of the first industrial transport systems was already the best one that would be available, becuse even back then people were still smart and thought with logic, and even if they didnt have the modern tech they already knew that you arent getting much better than a train.
I work in tech and I hate the Tech Bros
Speaking on American trains I have sister that lives in another city about 2.5 hours away in a car. I looked up if there was a train that I could take to get there and there is a single train once a day that’s over an hour slower and costs $54.   I want to be able to take public transport but it’s not available enough, too slow, and way too expensive for what it is.
So close.
These all seem like good arguments against the existence of trains.  If trains can't operate at hundreds of km per hour, then they have no place in the 21st century.
You know it's getting serious when the Age of Empires 2 music kicks in
Finally, they automobilified trains
Trains are pretty neat. Can we improve on them instead of the pods thing?
Most of your videos are about "this idea won't work because existing infrastructure is shit and that's why everything should stay as it is"
12:04 is that music from aoe2?
Meanwhile the uk spends £100 billion just to fail and give up building 1 high speed rail line 😭😭
You sound like the guy at apple announcing the M chips and talking about train tech, thats awesome 😁
Looks more like sushi on rails 😋
"Except Czech Republic, they love crashing their trains" *uses video from Czech channel on navigational train system.*
Small addendum  The only reason German train punctuality is at 64% is because... They don't count trains that don't come at all. Yes. I know. It really is that bad.
Really cool video. Very informative, thank you for that. Didn't expect AOE2 music to be played haha
Easy to fix. Replace all trains, whats the problem?
I was certain that it is a cash grab for a grant. And of course on their website you can see cute logo with EU.  Grants are like if tech bros were managing country budget. They sound amazing at first glance. But it quickly turns out that grants are funding absolute dog shiet ideas and wasting huge amount of money.
gotta respect the approach to sponsor segue by sticking your middle finger up at the concept 😂
The US doesn't have good passenger rail systems simply because it isn't really economical. Seriously, there is no need for it, like, have you seen how big each state is? Most states are as big, if not bigger than most European countries, and everything is spread out further. If we wanted to, we could build amazing passenger railways, but it just isn't supported enough to do so. Why would i want to ride a train for many hours when driving can be just as fast, if not faster, and allows me to stop wherever i want? It doesnt help that most US cities require an automobile to get around. Why would i want to go from New York City to Chicago if I can't go anywhere once I get there??? Sure, i can use a taxi service, but then im just spending more money than if i used my car for the trip and i can go anywhere. I love trains, dont get me wrong, and I think it would be cool if our passenger lines expanded, but who's going to pay for it? Who's going to use it? And how long toll the gov has to bail out whatever company is operating it?  We easily have one of the most expensive and used freight rails in the world, though.
no joke, I was literally installing starcraft in the background and then 10:09 hits :D
To be perfectly fair, the Germans might have some hesitancy about their trains "running on time".
Watching people be angry at other people messing with things they don't understand is my favorite past time.
Travelling exhibition. keke
Surprised by the Age of Empires music
I work in track geometry and maintenance... Yeah you don't want trains going that fast on ballast track... Derailments everywhere, my guy.  Not to mention that your tracks would need maintaining more often because of the damage from unnecessary stress this would do to the rails.
The bourgeois will fall one day
As soon as you said, “retrofit existing tracks,” I knew this was a bad idea
Wasn't expecting the Age of Empires soundtrack at the end XD
Has Adam done a video on the depressing state of passenger rail in the United States yet? In my experience it makes Germany's system look like France's, and the cost to take an Amtrak is literally unaffordable unless you are traveling by yourself with no luggage, and that's debatable. I'm sure a lot of us are familiar with why, but I'd be curious to see his thoughts on the matter.
The voice reminds me a little of Lemmino
Lmao loved the ad for a TechBro wallet in the middle of a TechBro hate video
I still don’t like you, but you are right with some things in this video.
Why StarCraft music?
The proof, that not only the american tech-bros are embarassing...
“If it ain’t broke, it doesn’t have enough features yet”
With specs like that you'd think whoever thought this up must think that physics is some kind of exotic food.
Watching this while zooming to the countryside on a Stadler KISS, you would think I have some technical enlightement, meanwhile I'm just laughing at the fucking Kiszel Tünde calendar
It's funny to see these Randian Libertarians continuously outdone by the mere existence of trains.  Quite poetic.
12:01 AOE2 song 😮😮
Is that age of empires music at 12:43 ?
literally Death Stranding has me dying 😂
How do these people manage to design stuff that makes plastic roads sound like a less terrible idea. Keep in mind plastic is a high demand petroleum product, unlike asphalt which is cheaper, harder, and easier to recycle. It also doesn't photodecay like plastic.  Some people's ideas are bad, other people's ideas are impressively bad.
All good points, but a tech bro would think of these, they're engineers after all
but hey if it flies off the rails and kills everyone on board it will only kill around 2 dusin instead hundreds
That factory email killed me
So sassy 😆
Getting Railed: good, i want that. Getting Derailed: no thanks.
Accelerating to 550km/hr would be a huge issue as well, steel wheels on steel track can reliably accelerate at around 1.6m/s^2 with an 8% slip rating on wet track, yet the fastest accelerating EMUs you will find in the UK are the Class 380 and 456 and they only just about hit 1m/s^2 the normal value across the UK fleets fall into the 0.55-0.75m/s^2 range. This isn't down to power or traction limitations but passenger comfort. It turns out people don't like having hot coffee spilled in their lap (ask the passengers on the ill-fated APT) or sliding off seats (lowering the jerk and joust can help a lot with comfort). If we were to take the 3 car 380's 1m/s^2 as the upper limit of passenger acceptability for acceleration and deceleration then just getting to 550km/hr will take over 7 minutes and a little under 11.7km (about 7 and a quarter miles) with the same again to stop (assuming the acceleration remains linear, this isn't normally the case).  This puts a big dent in how close you can run trains ETMS will help with this as the old track blocks disappear but that's a multi billon pound project in itself for even a relatively small country like the UK. High speed rail isn't something you can do on the cheap using existing infrastructure.
I'm simple man - i hear Terran One, i give thumb up :)
To be frank the Germans fully compensate for the late trains by having no speed limit on the highways.
ja sa asi prijebem vdaka bohu ze to je tak blbe a tak zle ze to nikto neprijme
if you want to scam the EU for funding money, you gotta be creative. It needs some hip ideas to convince the 60+(age) politicians to sign a few millions. And it has to have AI in it.
who the hell is Tech Bros?
Regarding train punctuality, at least the Dutch numbers are doctored. When they think they're going to run late, they'll cancel a train. To passengers, this means even more delay, but it doesn't count as a delay on their paperwork. Apparently, a train arriving *never* is better to them then one arriving late.
I love how by the half point mark of the video the point was extremely clear, this has no shot of EVER working.  AND THEN THE REASONS STILL KEPT COMING ONE AFTER ANOTHER THIS IS JUST SO FUNNY
The most important things about trains are safety, keep time ,transportation capacity, stability, and quietness.  It is also important to create stations as part of the city. (There are shopping malls, convenience stores, book store ,vending machine,restaurants, etc… inside the station)  Just being fast is meaningless  If you create railways and stations well in your town development plan, you can generate economic effects.  Unfortunately, most countries other than Japan do not understand this.
You didn't just put a Kiszel Tünde calendar into this video... XD
this how you know Tech Bros arent Autistic. In this specific case that's a bad thing lmfao
The constant and justified ripping on techbros just made my day, it's so satisfying to see these chumps who pitch garbage "solutions" to issues they haven't even bothered to understand so they can get investor capitol to create vapourware getting called out so creatively
Man. If i could take a 150 km/hr train across the EU without half a dozen transfers I would already be happy. No need to go that fast
i love it when companies tries to solve a problem that is not there. Seeing them punching air is so funny.
This is great, but cut the car conspiracy theories. Those are getting annoying.
The fact that we don't have driverless trains yet really drives home how far we are from driverless cars. It's a system with predetermined routes and no traffic and we still can't fully automate it
Shouldn’t it go Regular - High Speed - Higher Speed?
"If we model the European rail network as a single, straight, infinitely long piece of rail, and passengers as a dozen drones whose only purpose is to ride in a rail-pod from our starting location to our ending location, and we ignore other traffic, air resistance, society, and the laws of physics just slightly, then I think we've come up with the perfect solution for mass transit!"
Guys, what is the cute little song playing at 10:27 ?
On another note, lemme know if you guys need train drivers, tryna get my foot in the door here lop
man if you think the rest of america is bad you should look at the train system in texas. my city is essentially run by oil money and they are not keen on replacing cars.
Love hearing a European talk shit about the train systems in the US
Perfect video to ask how to fix the German train system
I recommend you look into the Argentinian underground train system. I don't know much about the specifics of it but I really like it cause it doesn't have the problems normal trains do, like having to stop for traffic or having to share its space with other forms of transportation.
Does anybody know the song at 5:43 in the background?
DON'T, TOUCH, THE, TRAINS!
Now the fastest for HSR in world record is over 550kmh i believe like i get it but maybe adam should of idk mention that but if course making trains go that fast need a ton of modifications and stricted requirements
Tech bros have finally advanced to the 18th century.
They say the quiet part out loud on their website when they list the cons for trains as being "limited further development". In other words, the technology is mature and they don't have any way of making a quick buck off of naive investors and lawmakers.
I love Adam Something. he makes me hate rich people even more
Am german, can confim that our train system sucks.
God, i want to see them actually do this and drive this *pod* into a tunnel at their proposed full speed.
I would love to see a video on Radiant Nuclear. While I love the concept, I wonder if its feasible/realistic, and maybe hear some more perspectives about SMRs in general!
I was cycling in France last month and forgot about their highspeed rail. I'm in Canada where the trains are more like snails. Anyway, one blasted over me just as I went under the overpass, and it was so fast loud and shocking it took me a second to realized I didnt't just die. And I later took that train to Belgium @ 300kph. The idea of 500kph is just insane. /csb
You know who else really like trains...
Blaine is a Pain
I love how quickly the trains accelerate and decelerate in the animations, like they can somehow circumvent physics and not have passengers flung around if they actually accelerate that fast.
Who would win: a high speed freight train vs gmail.
Oh, a Musk hater. How original.
In all seriousness, what's wrong with a tech start-up trying to build/sell trains? It's not like trains are bad... It's just that you can't stomach the combination of capitalism and effective transportation. I mean Uber, Flix etc. are all examples of the same that actually work, and are used by a lot of people.
"You can't have automatic trains just cause I say so" Great argument bro, the infrastructure is already there for it.
Some idiot: I'm gonna build a whole new rail system for ultra high-speed train pods! Adam Something: That's a terrbile idea for 53 different reasons. Some other idiot: I'm gonna use existing rails for my high speed trains to solve the problem! Adam Something: THAT'S AN EVEN WORSE IDEA FOR 69 DIFFERENT REASONS
Also how can that pod curve without the accident of hit another pod which is coming from the opposite way?
Lmao hyperloop is what sabotaged California's high speed rail? You're uninformed. California's high speed rail is a local meme here. It's seriously been tossed about for decades, millions of not billions of dollars have been spent with nothing to show for it, it was never happening even before Elon was involved with PayPal.
as someone who lives in just about the worst part of england for train delays, my literal first thought when you said that it went on existing tracks was "what about all the other trains that are in the way?"
Great analysis and thanks for calling out the horrible situation here in Germany. The state of our rail system and especially the "Deutsche Bahn" has become a nation wide meme. Complaining about the DB is a national hobby :) I've seen many US expats who come to germany and praise the great public infrastructure. After a few years they stand in line and complaining about the system like every real german would :P  Politics have ruined our railway system over the last decades. Originally the whole train and railway system was in the hand of the state. In 1994 the DB was partly privatized. From that point on it just went downhill. Especially the contracts between the different parties had horrible conditions for the state. One of the most prominant issue is that the maintenance of the tracks is the duty of the now private company, however rebuilding / upgrading and expanding the railway network is state duty. Guess what, they simply didn't maintain the tracks until they were "fubar" so they had to be replaced by the state. Who would have thought that a pivate company would do everything they can to save money on the back of the people? This is a huge mess.
What's up with the aoe2 soundtrack?
As a german i laught and cried, at the same time, the whole video.
TIL that VR [vitun rautatiet] is a mixed traffic
But I want pods because occasionally running trains and I have to switch between them is annoying. Let the pods get me straight to my destination. It’s not about efficiency.
Jeremy Clarkson literally had the idea for a sports train on Top Gear already and it worked about as well as this abomination would, including about as much getting urinated on.
Adam plays Starsector? Praise Ludd!
i moan about the german train system a lot,  and even if my ICE to hamburg was 10 minutes late, it took me less time then if i had driven, i could read a book, chill, not deal with hamburgs traffic, and pay 27€ for it. OK I GUESS. Gasoline would have been something like 12€
Hyperloop<steam locomotives
13:25 Is that near Dresden? It really looks like the railway which goes to the Erzgebirge.
7:08 Deus Ex UNATCO theme jumpscare
6:08 Ah yes, the true German experience of "Es liegen Meldungen vor" 😁
7:21 Oh. Okay, I don't think I can complain about the SNCF too much, then.
I think at this point they should just ask Japan to sell them their HSR technology
I haven't thought about Age of Empires music in 15 years
6:15 Oh common man. People died at that crash..
Why is higher speed lower speed than high speed
1800's called
If you want to go 500km/h with a train, there is one viable solution, bite the cost bullet and just build maglev like Japan is doing
I believe that there to be a limit for the total idiocy and stupidity that humanity can ever create. As such, tech bros are great for society, because they help us advance faster and faster towards that threshold, and when we attain it no one will ever be stupid again! ... ... ... Wow, I didn't even manage to convince myself there
I like that there is a conventional train behind. Probably trying to show that it's slow and outdated
Yeah. Elona managed to invent a electric car and an rocket. 4 sho
Nevomo? More like Nevermore
can’t wait for tech bros to reinvent the wheel but this time it mines bitcoin
My favourite bit was the aoe2 soundtrack
7:28 Wait why is Italy so ba-  Trenitalia, that's why
If there's one thing Tech Bros seem to never acknowledge, it's failure points. They put in all these fancy complex moving parts onto a system that is already operational and have no answers for when one of those parts inevitably fails. They can't even ensure that it won't fail because safety inspections are like kryptonite to these dumbasses
German here, our punctuality gets worse, because we dont count trains that never arrive in our own statistics. The DB is a fucking shitshow and the fact that apparently the US is worse than our clusterfuck of a long-distance railway system scares me.  Also, out Railway network is technically speaking privately operated, the DB (Deutsche Bahn, translated German Trains) is a private company owned 100% by the country. It has its own CEO and has to make a profit. This was implemented at the end of the 1990s if memory serves, with the reasoning being "something something free market something something competition drives innovation something something", and the problems of the "free market" aside, there is no actual competition. At time of privatisation, the DB was the only train operator in Germany, and while since then we have gotten 1 or 2 other companies running trains, they all share the same rail system because having a rail network for each company would be fucking idiotic. Arguably one of the other largest problems of our railway network is that freight trains and passager trains share the rails every now and again, similar to, as you mentioned, the long-distance and short-distance connections. It also doesnt help that the DB is actively taking away railtracks because they arent profitable, leading to worse connections, more passengers per train, and more trains per track.  Welcome to the clusterfuck
Tech bros really need to get another hobby
The editing quality has improved so much since I started watching. And the commentary hasn't faltered a bit. Very epic
trains are to engineers what crabs are to evolution
Es extraño entrar a un canal en inglés y que digan "km/hr" y no "Estadios/minuto"
Americans want trains, we crave them, we just want normal trains… PLEASE BRO!
You should do a video about the Senakw urban reserve being built in Vancouver Canada. It’s supposed to be like 10 sky scrapers, and I’d love to hear your opinions on the plans thus far
The real problem is government regulation. Change my mind.
When i became the mayor i will comission a super high tech Cyberpod™ but it will just be ye-olde regular run-of the-mill electric tram. With LED lights.
Like, theyre not even pretending this isnt a private jet on land concept... its literally just a fuselage on a track...
There are so many funny hungarian references  everyone else dosen't get. + Pont azért az emlékezetes naptárért.
7:19  wait, 90% of Danish trains were on time? Wow! I managed to only be on the 10%!
This is such an american concept
AoE and StarCraft music... You sir got a like
Tech bros didn't invent worse train here. They invented worse plane that can't fly.
Techbros never want to ”solve” problems with anything. Not the evonomy, not gadgets and certainly not transportation. They want to ”innovate” and make money for conceptualizing stuff that almost never work
Fun fact from a German: Trains that are cancelled are not counted in the "delayed" train statistic. Which was decided to be the case by the 'CEOs' of Deutsche Bahn, because their bonus is tied to a certain percentage of "on time" trains. Isn't that fun!
As I German, I feel so ashamed every time someone from outside of Germany talks about our Train System
7:38 32 years of CDU governments (with a short interlude in the middle) in a nutshell
The Age of Empires 2 music at the end though is chefs kiss.
This does not detract from your point since it is a closed system, but i just visited copenhagen and was amazed by their fully automated autonomous underground  POD Service. Haha. Techbros would marvel at the Real live if they ever left their rooms.
Comparing german long distance trains to frances isnt too easy. Ever tried to go by train in france? They dont have enough trains, so often you cant get a ticket, and cost double the amount of a ticket in germany. Of course they can be punctual.
500 mph on some of America's rail tracks sounds scarier than falling into Jupiter.
These techbro ventures and billionaire megaprojects remind me of those "imagine a future" exercises we did in school. We basically just spitballed a bunch of ideas based on what we thought was cool without any knowledge or regard for real world conditions.  Except these billionaire techbros actually have the money to do things and the ego to ignore reason.
California could really use that rail
freaking loved this video
I’m worried about the weird aerodynamics that might come from that nose, there’s a reason no train that goes over shunting/switching speed has a CAVITY underneath its nose
is this like... Driving4Answers brother or something?
We get it you hate tech bros.
At least they want Maglev stuff. And trains, maybe we'll get some support from it, just second hand. If the rails work for normal trains, and this goes to shit, afterwards we just have more nice rails.
Okay so is this a terrible idea that will just result in wasted money at best, destruction at worst? Yes. But if we manage to get 20 tech bros who sincerely believe in these ideas and then let them do a test-run on old rail that can in no way accomodate it and is out in the wilderness where no person will be hurt be the derailing wagon... eh? eeeeeh? I smell profit!
the Atlas on the Freight slide xD
wish adam wouldn't use a soyjak to represent tech bros. he can make good points without disparaging fat, drooling, and crosseyed people. its an archaic way of making fun of someone.
The Germany thing with the auto industry choke holding the trains is exactly what happened in America except in America the train industry (especially civilian transport) wasn’t just choked it was shot kicked and thrown down a cliff
“I have an idea for fastestest train.”  “This requires you to completely rework the continent’s entire railway system to theoretically function.”  “No it will work.”  “How?”  “Fast.”
They should use NFTs to fund the trains, and off course AI to run absolutely everything even cleaning of the pods, blockchain can run the traffic management, mine bitcoin when the trains aren’t consuming power, earn NFTs while riding the trains, that’s the future!
Swiss here. Great video! As far as I know, most of our trains COULD drive faster, but they limit max speeds everywhere except when you're far away from any cities or villages. And it's not because the tracks couldn't handle it, it's because the tracks are rarely completely walled in, so it's possible for branches, animals, and especially people, to get on the tracks. Trains don't plan on just plowing through whatever gets in their way, they actually want a chance to slow down / brake if necessary. I know some train conductor and they are getting training for specific tracks / areas in the sense of "Watch out in this specific bend / crossing, there's a high chance for cows on the tracks there" and so on.  Not too long ago we further limited the top speed in cities since there were too many instances of suicide by train. Lower top speeds in densely populated areas gives the conducters a bigger window to break in these events.   (PS: I really appreciate the usage of the Starcraft 1, Sims 2 and AoE 1 soundtracks.)
NGL I do not think we should unite all these railways. Railways have always been a method of war, and the system we have is already good enough
I mean, in defence of American Rail, most of it is used for cargo illegally, even when passengers have the right of way. After all, what are passenger lines gonna do? Run anyway?
As a Czech, that one stung 😂
There is no such thing as a Private train. Planes, sure, Cars, obvi, maybe even space craft, but their will NEVER be private trains. Acting like there are will inevitably fail.
I think the British Intercity 125s break the "higher speed" rule of no level crossings. But I guess maybe they slow down for those crossings.
I have just looked at the site and for me it looks like classic eastern European "innovation". I mean let's make(shitty) project, sprinkle it with tech words about innovation, say something about western europe/Murica(hyperloop, Musk) , and apply for money from eu/government.  The project will start, they will even build some mockups, they will even appear on some exhibition.  Aaaand they will disappear as soon as money from the eu/gov stop to flow through the accounts 😅  For me, polish citizen is just how I see most of the local "innovations". I saw that too many times to fall for it.   The true innovating projects soon after first PoC are moving right away abroad like Olga Malinowska's peerovskite solar cell - it's always like that ¯\_( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)_/¯  So it's not about tech Bros but dodgy dealers IMO 😊
7:20 Love how SPAIN IS NOT EVEN THERE jhahahaha  SPAIN IS PAIN
Love the age of empires music!
I see Adam knows what Starsector is
Trains or more precise railway networks are just fundamentally flawed. Expensive to build, more expensive to maintain and resistant to modernization.
Ah, and here I hoped only West has tech bros. God damn it.
Spain didn't even make it to the punctuality chart 😭
I let out an actual wheeze when Adam said "german high speed rail is kinda shit". So true
you know what the world REALLY needs though? A FUCKING GWAR TRAIN!!!!   YEAAAAA!!!!!  GWAR GWAR GWAR GWAR!!!  * give a like for the sake of everything that's good.
Honestly, I think the tech bros are simply unaware of the idea of logistics.  Almost all the points made boil down to limited comprehension of social structures and logistical management, since I assume techbros are used to the apple structure of "sell once, forget about it" and "no repairs, just replace". They are used to "drops" for product and that same idea of luxury is passed through their items through scarcity. However, on an industrial scale luxury is almost never practical. Thus, they are divided between their need to be a luxury brand and their realistic requirements to be an actually profitable and logically designed buisness like the public transport they snub their noses at. Thus, they will inevitably fail to actually succeed, since  they are aiming to create a market that cannot exist, exclusive luxury and grand reach. They might also be car industry plants, because honestly I can't imagine anyone managing to get funding for such a ludicrously stupid project.
13:15 AoE2 music kicking in had me jamming out.
They look delicious
I hate billionaires
A working super fast pod concept is already realised, it is called a plane.
I love your scepticism..."after 2 weeks on a ship and 1 week at cargo port"😅😅 ....that is actually how logistics really work ....next day delivery has never worked for me
If it brings trains to the the us then idc how it happens
go get em adam
Um mag rail are being built in Japan….
starcraft music jump scare
I'm now convinced that tech bros don't know squat about tech.
Man, imagine ultilizing the kinetic energy from the train the mine bitcoin too. I can hear techbros wet their pants from just the thought of it.
I'm sorry this broke you now? Tech bros have been reinventing trains for a long time
Though if we can scam some tech bros into finally building some high speed rail along the east coast of Australia, we could take over them when the tech bros run out of money and put real, actual trains on them instead 😜  Assuming of course no taxpayer money goes into this nonsense from the start. Tech bros can waste their own money, but they'd better not waste the money that might actually have some sliver of a chance to going towards a feasibility study to green light a high speed rail system that won't start construction until 2050 🙃
550 km/h... that is so stupid. if i recall correctly the centripetal force rises with the square of the velocity.
B-but my PODS!!! XD
Or just planes. Use planes
I'm thinking back to the accident in the Gotthard underground rail tunnel and how much track got wrecked by a freight train missing a single wheel; imagine the damage that could do at 550km/h.
Space song :3
Why would I want my package to be delivered one day earlier? Mmmh, I dunno, efficiency maybe?
high speed trains- thats what fucking planes are for
All animals lead to crab. All transport leads to trains.
had so much fun watching this video, hehe
American commuter rail “sucks” for the same reasons Australia’s suck: geography and population density. The NE is the only region where it makes sense. Btw, America has a LOT of freight rail because it makes economic sense. Given that planes exist for longer distances and everyone has a car and gas is cheap and traffic is non-existent between cities, high speed rail is not a good value proposition.
"Nah, bruh, it's totally gonna work. You're just not manifesting hard enough."
Ah Adamsomething everyone's favorite America hater.
I LOVE INVENTING THE WHEEL
dont use the LORD's name in vain adam something!
Who cares about trains when you can have Kiszel Tünde calendar in a video. 😉
the roasts are so good its unreal
That Starcraft music triggering memories here...
👍
Tech bums *** 😂😂😂😂
Who is this idea even FOR? It's like they invented someone just like them, but slightly poorer, and then forgot everyone else exists
Maybe we should choose someone who LIKES trains, and WANTS to ride in them, to design the train system?
TRAIN NETWORKS CAN NEVER BE PROFITABLE, if you want a good one.
You mention why some countries (with big auto industries) coincidentally suck at rail. But did it ever occur to you that the reason Swiss trains are so punctual is to support their watch industry?
Awesome to use music from Age of Empires 2 for the video! 😁 That was a surprise.
Finishing with the AOE I OST 👌
I’ve been devouring your videos and I’m so happy to find a kindred spirit in being a public transport radical. I’m an Australian living in Melbourne atm, but I’ve grown up in Brussels Moscow and Budapest. I love trams and trains. Even Australia’s biggest/richest cities don’t compare to Soviet era or before…
There should be a word for the combination of ignorance and arrogance.
You would think guys who probably sleep with copies of Atlas Shrugged by their bedside would know more about trains.
I agree with most of the things in the video, expect for self driving trains.. You describe exactly why the whole train netwok needs automation, but then end the whole explanation with, we still need humans.. You don't even try to explain why, i think trains is the vehicle that is most likely to be self driving
what if we can hang ski lifts on the existing train cables and electricly power them so they have wifi and usb chargers? And they could give personal scenic views for 4 people!😂
In an ideal world we’d propel ourselves via a bobsled-based transportation system.
Sometimes I have the feeling that the generations before us thought about the things they invented. also for the future. and then some guy comes along these days who has studied something but only has nonsense in his head
Im pretty sure there is a nasty stereotype about people who like trains
B-b-but its fast
I dunno why, but you have huge Ze Frank energy and I can't explain why or how you remind me so much of him.  That's a compliment.
Subbed because of FDP bashing, keep it up.
Loool euros are so backwards and poor. Just buy a car brah, stop coping and embarrassing yourself.
Is that The Neverhood soundtrack at 3:57 ? In the year of our lord 2024 ? Am I going crazy ?
Azt hiszed nem vesszük észre a Kiszel Tündi naptárat?
i know the rendering sofware they used its called twinmotion
Pod boys and the tale of the low capacity transportation is back!
Also Adam Something: Americans today shouldn't have been infants, they should have been voting for more trains. Also the problem of speed making a vacuum isn't a new problem. Amtrak's Metroliner was held back because at full speed, it could rip the windows out of other trains that it passed.
Shamburger!!! 12:20 😃😃😃😃
Great job as always.
I'm pretty sure most, if not all, of the techbros watched that episode of the Simpsons with the Monorail
Why is this video also posted to a channel called Tech Gumbo?
But turn radius?
I like the Age of Empire 2 music.
Has the tech industry always been like this? When I was a kid I was always fascinated by all these incredible technologies and sciences, these ways we could do stuff we never could before! Now I have a comp sci degree and no desire to work in the industry I got it for...
technically poland has already "pod" trains, its called "elektryczny zespół trakcyjny" those trains aren't that skilleable , they are connected like trams but more firmly, so they are same size always. It functions like buss on rails, except more luxurious as you can walk and take big one in toilet instead of sitting in uncomfortable avrage person sized chair you're not fitting in next to sweaty person being afraid of opening window because "they will get sick from the draft" ...it's a polish thing, idk where it came from.   also saying german railways are horrible is beating dead horse, polish trains are luxury and japanesk punctual compared to german railway...
08:20 please state of this is a joke or not. Since the idea that any German party belongs to a car company is ridiculous. The article you have shown shows the head of the party Christian Lindner who owns a 40 year old Porsche - that's all
What happened in Wisconsin was we were SUPPOSED to have a lite rail system connecting Milwaukee and the Twin Cities in Minnesota to Chicago, Illinois but former governer Scott Walker sabotoged it. Taxpayers were charged millions in fees by the companies who were already contracted to work on and build the trains. Over $6 million spent to NOT HAVE LITE RAIL
Can you do city skylines 2
Adam something I’m about to tell you something that will make you angry so I live in Dubai and I hate it but I can’t leave cause I’m a minor and  I was going somewhere and I counted the lanes on the highway and there was 15 LANES😭
I'm suprised ytou talk about trains so much but never mention any train systems from asian countries like Japan or China
Whatever the tech bros are smoking in the boardroom when they come up with stuff like this, I want it
The "bros," who categorize people as, this or that "bros," are harmful and need to be cancelled immediately. These "bro bros" have utterly ruined the world. (But meta-bros are awesome, of course!)
5:53 we're aware, thanks for rubbing it in for the 21342384756238746213897238th time 👍
I see your KGV bullet train and raise you the Union Pacific 4-8-8-4, it's not fast by any means but it's worth every penny to ride. That whistle is able to give train autists a religious experience.
"""Look how innovative capitalism is"""
The other issue is that speed isn't the problem with current important rail networks. They fail on frequency, reliability, international connectivity and coordination, and cost to passengers. Tech bros should focus on those, rather than making shiny go fast.
Step 1: watch Star Trek for inspiration for your techbro idea Step 2: your idea is wildly impractical and the only aspects of your design that are plausible are also pointless, risky, and expensive Step 3: a widely-used, conventional technology accomplishes the same thing already Step 4: your design becomes more and more like the conventional tech Step 5: your idea is just a worse version of an existing technology, but at least you still have sleek CGI renders and you say "future" a lot
you want a real life reason why this thing wouldn't work: the Concorde A supersonic passenger aircraft capable to reach mach 2 and heights of 18.000 meters (a boeing 747 reaches 0.84 mach and 10.500 meters) it was a technological marvel, could go from new york to london in half the time of any other plane, a lot of airlines where intersted. But..... it carries at best 100 passengers against the 467 of the 747, therefore the ticket prices had to be super expenssive for the time making it a glorified bus for the elite, its main route was new york-london because at the speed that thing was going it was breaking the sound barrier, so it couldn't fly over any place that had a house or the windows would explote. Plus the maintenance of a super sonic engine is not cheap, a specially trained crew so on and so fort. Ah, and they called them out after one of them crashed against a hotel in france during take off (it was called the safest plane in the world) imagine being hit by a explosiveless missile at just 300 km/h.  Yeah this pods things are ridiculous
Good tech already exists but these tech bros couldn’t claim it as their own and pocket the profits (mostly from gullible investors). So it’s not good for them.
I know the pods technically aren't monorails, as they would be using preexisting rails, but why does this new pod base train look so much like the Disney monorails to move guests to different parks? Like they are just worse versions of that since they would hold way less people and can be used on even less tracks.
Ah yes, a tech bro’s worst enemies: Basic physics, basic economics, and basic arithmetic.
I don't want to assume but i think this guy dosen't like american trains
These ideas are just a front for money laundering, thats the only way to explain these hair brained ideas
Godspeed, brother.
Watching this video, i realized that the Flash kills millions of people every time he runs.
My family recently used Amtrak's auto train to save some miles on our car, and despite being shorter than a line I took when I was younger, it took longer than that because of the amount of freight interruptions. We basically just gave up all the rails here for commercial logistic use.
Jean-Ralphio Saperstein from Parcs & Rec is the perfect representation of a tech bro, change my mind.
The Age Of Empires 2 music really hit me in the feels... Good video!
Techbros acting like going fast is anything new or impressive. The Land speed record has been past Mach 1 for decades now. There's a reason we don't use it.
Whilst the ideas this guy breaks down are stupid and his ideas are clearly better does he have any degrees or anything official
do one about openttd and why its shit
Love that you used the NS flirt in your video!
Age of Empires music at the end rant. :D Nice
If they just improved polish trains to higher speed it would be a huge win. There are routes with record speeds from 1920 or so. Yes before WWII
Renderite pods are truly a marvelous form of transportation
I feel like school created these tech bros. School projects are mostly about coming up with a solution to a nonexistent problem by making up some issues. Schools emphasise on nurturing creativity and solving real world problems but often ignore the fact that problems that can be easily solved by a small group are most likely already solved.
Love the sarcasm.  It’s exactly how my mind operates.
How can you guys tolerate capitalism anymore
11:00 that supply chain idea is all fine and dandy when it works. We're still waiting on containers ordered more than a year ago when the same supplier provided different products ordered 6 months ago.  Oh yeah, we changed supplier, many times over the last decade, this is the best we got so far.  Not that the pods would solve anything here, but if they could cut the sea shipping time in half at a reasonable price, they wouldn't ever meet the demand.
man, i'm suddenly very grateful for australia's train network- or atleast, the one in my city two delays in all the time i've required it this year, always arrives at the exact same time minus those two delays, everyone just gets on and off in like a minute even in the middle of the city granted, i only need to use the train once a week, (twice technically, into & out of the city), so maybe not the best data sample, but still
550 km/h would make train derailments so much worse... Are they talking about the same infrastructure that already sees too many derailments? Smh. Tech bros should just go back to ruining teenage girls' self esteem with social media.
If your expertise isnt solely limited to railway, I would absolutely love to hear more such takes in other industries and factories. This is coming from a tech bro trying to break into industry 4.0 😅
Germany is the nettiest net of any railnetwork I've ever seen. They do a great job for such a complex system. Japan is one mine with some roots. France is Paris-centered. In Germany every region has the right to be connected as every other region.
"We will automate the trains!"   As a person who has played factorio and OpenTTD before, I'd like to see how they'd solve the train deadlock problem (Multiple trains getting stuck on a single track crossing, where each train is blocking another making it impossible for any of the trains to move)
Might as well just plop an airplane on track. Just stick with the airplane. Better yet, just stick with the REGULAR TRAINS lol.
"Utopia would be a world where tickets from Warsaw to Lublin would cost no more than 20 zł" ~ me
These damn Europeans. What will they come up with next?
I always wonder if ideas like this are driven by ignorance and arrogance of thinking more tech equals more good or just a soulless mind to maximize profit in every possible avenue no matter how terrible of an actual plan it is, probably both
Dope Age of Empires music lmao
>picture of an Atlas superfreighter Eyyy, Starsector!
that ekster sponsorship transition hit way too close to home with the types of brain farts I get
Why did I immediately recognize the StarCraft 1 music at 10:10 😂
traintraintraintraintraintrain :3
"Why don't we just take trains, and make them faster??? Why hasn't anyone else thought of this???"
This wouldn't be about getting grants that will never see project completion, and instead just be money that is pocketed. Not at all.
As a Polish guy I'm ashamed and sorry for those idiots 😂
Age of Empires and the Sims music. lol.
If we can’t even get self-driving trains, there’s a below zero chance we ever go full self-driving cars
Not sure why you assume the dumbpod will only carry 20 people. It looks like it's about the size of a regular passenger carriage, it should be more like the 50-75 range. Still has all the problemd you say it would have, but it's about three times -more efficient- less inefficient than you think.
I do appreciate the unexpected SC1 Terran theme music!
13:26 I was really confused when he said "Poles would start swaying wildly..." I didn't know the Polish were so invested in train infrastructure.
Tech Bros:  Okay, hear me out, hyperloops, but underground  "You mean a subway?"  We'll call them "Underways"
I do love these technologies but the only maglev project like this that I see potentially going anywhere is IronLev but purely for fuel efficiency. If the reduced friction doesn't save enough fuel, then there's no point. Even then, I still don't know how it navigates switches or rails that aren't perfectly straight.   Though it might make a little more sense for the high-speed rail networks that already have to be perfectly maintained.
hmmm... if there were just some way to have their aerodynamic pods go around traffic and avoid the issues running on rails brings all together...
Hear me out, cars pulled by horses
8:19 google 'FDP meaning in brazilian portuguese' for a laugh
5:36 Bulgaria conquered Serbia finally
Like for the smooth add transition 😂
I am very happy with decent normal trains, what a great invention.
If you had to do a video on BRITISH High Speed Rail, you'd either A) rage yourself into oblivion or B) cry into a bottle of strong vodka
I think the tech bros don't really care about the actual future of their "projects". They are in the business of extracting investment money and getting rich by selling stupid ideas to rich idiots. It's all about money (as usual).
This guy trains. 👌🚂
Maybe we should bring back the guy who was very good at making German trains always be on time. What happened to that guy?
dude just hates everything that is not a train :D
wait wtf i just watched the "It's time we stopped building these horrible places" video and you live in the same fucking city as me... the chance, that i've randomly seen you before isn't even that small lmao what a small world...
what would be funny if this video is just about isambard kingdom brunell
That Age of Empires music nails the point haha
Is that Age of Empires music playing in the background?
Let's be honest, most problems with this revolve around how shit the current train system is
yay ! the titan implosding pod but on land and going very fast
As an American, thank you for tearing these people apart. I wish we could have the quality of life and civil services over here like they have in Europe. And with the sheer scale of the US we really would benefit from passenger rail services over cars. Might even make us a little healthier too. Walking to the train station, to you destination from a station, and back is more work than the walk from your car to the door of the building you park in front of. And biking just... isn't viable here. Everything's too far apart.
10:10 Nothin like a good old Atlas to freight tons of illegal goods
50 pods for 1 train is a generous estimate😂. You can really make a brand about anyrhing as long as you sound confident enough to these idiots
Lefties when someone wants to make public transportation that doesnt house the homeless😡🤬😡😡 I can tell you dont go outside bud
As someone who hates the concept of trains with a passion your video explains very clearly and humorously why they are a thing. I shall accept your stance on trains until wormholes and instant teleportation become energy efficient.
another episode of man defeats tech geniuses with common sense and logic
I'm missing the two most important mentions: 1) the radius of the curves 2) the pitch
Guy basically explained why underground rails so good
but regular trains means having to ride with strangers, that might not be cool tech bros like you!! and of course in the us you can convince idiots not owning a car is a way for the government to "steal your freedom" just look at how scared of 15 min cities they are because companies and conservatives have convinced them its all a plot to,.......here we are again "steal your freedom"     basically way too many of my fellow citizens will fall for anything if you convince them its a way for the government to control them.
The Netherlands has a decent operating railway system.  It's complex but still one of the best in the world. Its hard enough to do it right in such a tiny country . Good luck 😂 When it snows, the fun is over pretty fast. When there are too many leaves on the rail, the fun is over, when it's too hot, the fun is over.
I love how he actually backs up his arguments. A lot of YouTubers could just get views by being angry at whatever the subject is, but he did a ton of research and backs up his trash talking really well lol
See Starsector image I see that you're a man of culture, Adam. Truly a space cargo fleet experience
really seems like tech bros do cocaine to come up with these "plans" and "ideas"
Okay, but rail cars that can move themselves independently would actually be a good innovation for rail yards, no?
One of the many reasons why the us doesn’t use passenger trains is because of population density and the distance between the few dense population centers doesn’t make trains useful except for transporting cargo
This has always been my complaint with people talking about automatic cars.   "Imagine how nice it would be to sit back and relax in your own private space and read a book on your way to work!"  Yeah... literally a train dude. Literally a train.
Hey Adam, do you have any ideas of your own - something that 'is' (or could be) viable - and would revolutionize transport in some way?  It doesn't even have to be transport related. It could be energy related. It could be urban planning.
You'll never get snowpiercer with that attitude!
Starsector reference detected, like deployed.
i don't care about trains, but god was this video entertaining. just from start to finish you are saying "you are an idiot, you are an idiot" over and over again and i love it.
Please learn statement logic, IT and automation and also a bit of statistics. This video is biased and not true in a lot of aspects. Have a nice day.
0:05 train phonk edit slams❤
starcraft theme 🙏🙏
The only good idea here is fully electric trains, and I don’t know if we have the motors for that. And the wire theft issue.
Its the pods again 😂😂😂
Now THAT is the most BEAUTIFUL train I've ever seen! 4:04  Totally organic.
As much as I support replacing extremist car centrism, parking lots, stroads, with as many trains, trams, cyclist paths, pedestrian paths as possible, I 100% sympathize with those who assert that building and maintaining trains & trams is just too damned hard, and cycling and walking are too damned hard.
As a Polish person, i dont admit to this company.
Actually. Train automation is absolutly possible. Just because its predictabel
Bro went for the throat and I’m here for it
Crazy how the american railway is even worse than here in Germany
How do you get a container from China to your factory in a day? Fly it
I love how you use Age of Empires music for the outros. And the videos are entertaining and educational on top of that.
Transrapid was a German train that was actually good for the environment, and it was faster (it could also stop and start way faster than a normal train!). It was rather designed to replace airtravel in Germany, instead of replacing every train. But it failed due to politicians and an incident, that happened because a maintenance crew was still doing something while the train was still active. Sadly about 40 people died in that incident. It would have been very revolutionary and it had a lot of benefits.
“ there's nothin' on Earth like a genuine bona-fide electrified six-car monorail”
Railway employee here. I had to watch it again and make a new comment, because I cannot fathom the stupidity of this idea.  Shunting is what we call it when we move wagons around in an enclosed area (typically a station or a yard if you will), to put them together in a new config, load them up and send them off.  The shunting locomotives are typically smaller than the hauler locomotives and run on diesel engines, but they still do the job efficiently.  A train of 15-20 wagons can be put together in a short time using one such shunting locomotive.  Having individual wagons run under their own power as proposed in this video, is mind blowingly ignorant! These suggestions are super inefficient compared to todays system. 😂
Great vid! Didn't 60s futurists also convergently evolve a train design?
Do social democracy next!
Tech bros invent trains at least once a year.
Meanwhile the UK is well on the way to charging £600 for a single city to city journey. And that's on ordinary trains.
I'd love to see this running on current railways in Romania. Spoiler alert - its going to go to the Moon XD...
We’re flying to the moon with this one.
I thought hyperloop was normal trains but in vacuum sealed tunnels, magnets to make it frictionless and thus cheaper, faster. Damn.
k... kinda shit german rail?, are you kidding me?!
I will not ride in the pod
Sounds like we need to build the trans-alsakan-siberian tunnel
Why people think if cargo goes faster it will be cheaper?   If you crank up the spec of warehouse forklifts to 30mph you won't get a more efficient warehouse.  You get more and much devastating accidents that might cost the life of the operators too.   Faster is not better.  Faster is more expensive because of the safety measures you need to implement because going faster is not safer than going slower with cargo.
one major mistake in this video! 12:55 argues that no matter how much technology you put into your trains, "you won't be able to escape rail geometry". which is clearly false, since trains leave the tracks quite frequently. some may call it derailing, brighter minds will call it for what it is, the train being closer to your home!
I did not expect seeing an Atlas superfreighter and hearing Terran theme 1 in a video about NOTtrains but you know here we are
Imagine how loud that sucker would be as well
Hi, slovenian here. Funny to see we’re at the bottom of that punctuality statistic chart. I have to completely agree with that. Our victorian era railways are so windy you could hop off the front cart to take a piss next to the track and have enough time to hop on the back cart. Not to mention the main rail company is so incredibly corrupt and inept. Props to Germany for at least having their shit together slightly better haha.
10:09 oh shit? Didn't expect to see an Atlas! Very nice
We want to make self driving cars when we cannot even manage self driving trains :D
aoe2 music 🌲🌲⚔⚔
To give a comment on the delays: for the German systems cancelled stops are not counted that’s why trains that are more then 1h late tend to be “abandoned” by turning around early and skipping the later stops
would love to see a video on vande bharat
👍
i love you adam please don't die
Man, you rally hate when people mess with rails =D
Funniest thing is that making polish trains arrive on time would increase efficiency more than making them go 550kph
10:09 is that motherfuckin STARSECTOR
At this point it's all money laundering and rug pulls, the rug pulls of the crypto world are moving into the real world. 1 We present a crazy project, a corrupt politician accepts because bribes, the plan does not work because it was crazy but we have all cashed our large checks. 2 We Present a crazy project, take money from investors, the more the better, the project does not work because it was crazy, at some point they have to rescue us because we are "too big to fail" Win-win for grifters and scammers, Fortunately we have the best and most qualified politicians, wait, we don´t - OMG
HOW DARE THEY TAKE MY AUTISTIC OBSESSION FOR THEMSELVES
Ouch for that czech republic joke :/
Age of Empire 2 rocks
harsh joke on the Czech there. The issue there was a great point to hightlight the issues with "driverless systems". The part of track in question currently has NO automated system active, since after the reconstruction it's new safety system is still being connected and won't be active, while the old Czech "visual help" system (yeah, a light that comes up in the cabin to show the driver what the signals look up ahead, that's it) was not reconnected after changing/renovating of this corridor. Good luck having an automated system dealing with this section that is technically still "under construction" at 100 kmh.
We have automated trains here in Singapore. We have mantinence people either on the train, or at the stations. These are not high speed rail, and the amount of high skilled people needed for THAT would get way too costly imo.  Keep in mind, I saw no mention of how to tackle the issue of tight turns and derailment either.
they should also all have a thorium reactor on board
When I think of all the times I walked on the tracks in the Czech Republic, crossing them, always relying on the fact that if a train was coming, I could walk to the edge...  ...I don't think that calculation would work for a train going 500 km/h.
No train or pod can ever go 550 or even 300 on regular tracks, because regular tracks are not spaced far enough from each other. And so when passing each other, the under pressure between them makes them suck each other off the tracks and crash together. This was already a known issue like a hundred years ago, and this literally used to happen. So if any vehilce could and would speed up to high speeds on a regular track, it would immediately end in a disaster.
is that the aoe2 music?
huh i didnt expect to see starsector reference here lol
I just came up with something brilliant. You can put solar panels on the tracks and so once they are upgraded, your trains run FOR FREE.
as always, Duning Kreuger stays true. People who are not sufficiently educated in a field think they figured everything out after watching/reading a couple videos/articles for a day xD
StarCraft theme😭
Train driver from Norway here. Thanks for the laughs! I did’nt think once before subbing, only 1/2 thought.   These Tech Bros are qualified to say shit about trains on the same level as average Joe, who thinks that EMUs/DMUs can attach and detach wagons at the push of a button. Its super great!
6:10 bro you didn’t have to do czechs like that😭💀
That was a good add, it was actually funny
You know  I don’t want to shit on your sponsor but the reason why a wallet is made from leather or cloth material. Is just in case you land on it you don’t injure yourself the leather wallet will keep your cards safe and absorb the impact  Unlike that metal piece of shit will do . I. Would not want that in my front pocket if I was knocked off-my bicycle. It would turn into a metallic slicer.
Sydney, Australia has driverless trains, however, we built an entirely separate track and system for them to be driverless. So, I'm assuming that's not what you meant when you said it's not possible to have driverless trains.
9:00 what place/country is this?
My greatest hyperloop scam would be actually working on the railroads, expanding the whole railway system, integrating public transportations by train more into people's every day life so they become less dependent on cars, while continuously pushing this mystical, hard to attain "hyperloop" concept in theory.
Funny how this thought process was made in Poland, where modern trains and commie shitboxes both go on the same tracks, both 160km/h, clearly some tech bros never rode a train
Idk why but the sims 2 soundtrack on the supply chain is a genius bit of comedy :'D
We need the Transrapid.
At least this pod project doesn't have blockchain slapped in there, or maybe it does
All I can say: o kurwa
okay, but why is Higher Speed slower than High Speed?
Techbros do this because deep down they hate us.
I'm not sure your arguments are really thought through. For example about cargo freight what about things that you either can't afford to order a container per day (eg businesses operating with tight margins) or you can't anticipate demand (eg warehousing in multiple locations) or the goods are only available for shipping with short notice (eg mail) or even domestic goods (perhaps in your country domestic production isn't common but there should be at least some local production).   You should look in to train automation in other countries, it's not impossible like you're suggesting. It's just a matter of local regulations catching up to the tech. I've worked with remotely operated trains before.  Looking only at throughput will give you the wrong idea about why trains are useful. Every day millions commute by train. If you trippled the capacity but halved the speed then yes your throughput would increase, but realistically the number of people using the train would be less. Having fast trains increases the area in which people can live and still work in the city. A good example would be Beijing or Tokyo where vast areas are linked to the city by train. Most people using trains aren't going extremely long distance for pleasure, they are commuting. Smaller faster more frequent trains mean more people can commute from a larger area.  I appreciate that trains in Europe are a huge mess, but the rest of the world isn't like that. Try to consider a more global context.
Why bother if this only fits less than 50 people? We already have an airplane. And there is no need to invest in a track.
Greetings from Cochabamba-Bolivia. We have a "socialist" government who ironically shrink the means of production... And your wallet is safe.
Don't believe all this hyperlink nonsense, it's all a scam to sell weird thigh tech wallets
Don't believe all this hyperlink nonsense, it's all a scam to sell weird thigh tech wallets
Your videos are so good! From beginning to end it´s so informative with a lot of detail, i love it.  Greetings from Austria my friend/former fellow citizen :)
Americans wondering if the auto industry has ever done anything to hold back their rail system...
You're just not able to think outside the box man, break the mould, disrupt the market! That's why you're not a billionaire!
I love your video. Explaining stupid idiots and stupid plans to us. Especially Elon musk's Hyperloop lol.
Me, not paying attention to the graphics at the start: Oh, linear motor drive, an interesting prospect if you want to get rid of catenaries. I know they already do that on the Toei Ōedo Line.  Me, 2 seconds later, after seeing pod render:       retched puking
lol do a video for china japan high speed rail
Shut up, Adam. We're doing a bit.
I wonder if these tech bros have ever set foot on a bus, amtrak train, or light rail car?
Music transition from Deus Ex to Wii Sports, brutal :D My brain exploded, had to pause the video, process that information and write that comment before I could concentrate on trains again :D edit : 3 minutes later  "not enough minerals" ... why brain ? WHYYY !! oh ...
german here: I got to the train expecting it to be 5 min late normaly ( so far right in 19 out of 20 cases) and we have  alot of times with a train being an hour late, still I find it reliable enough to use it
Love all these attempts at re-inventing trains which are always just such obviously bad ideas. But you can always bet there will be a big hullabaloo about it in the media and more gullible public.
Say pod to a tech bro and he creams his pants.
Wow, I'm impressed by your knowledge of german politics. But I probably shouldn't be, considering that a lot of it is a reason why german railway sucks and you know a lot about public transport. So much for german punctuality...  Also nice surprise to hear Age of Empires music 😆.
From wich game is the music at 10:10? Heard it a thousend times but i cant remember wich game. This is driving me more crazy then our railwaysystem (i am german).
I'm sorry for my country for creating this idea
To make trains better, you just invest into the infrastructure and systems that support the trains, while also investing in innovation in normal train design. So, y’know, the Shinkansen. This is just grifting.
The pod idea isn’t that bad for the us considering the main reason individuals hate public transit is bc of the crackheads and fent zombies that r always on the trains doing some freaky stuff and endangering everyone. Having pods that hold like 4 people can hold a family and no one more so u don’t have to deal with the crackheads. Pods should be able to link together I think it’s stupid that they dont
where can i get wall colendur like that?
Would it be possible to make it work? Yeah, absolutely.  Would it also require way more money, resources, time, effort, expertise and space than necessary all for simply going a bit faster and a lot more dangerously with 12 people instead of 1200? Yeah, absolutely
Everyone's just trying to mimic Musk's ultra-low IQ these days. They forget he had daddy's gold mine to debt-finance his crap businesses, you can't just rely on crap ideas alone.
Secret of Mana and Starcraft? You spoil us.
time to STOP blaming tech bros 👩‍💻 and START blaming the Polish 🇵🇱
Trains are to transportation what Crabs are to evolution, everything coverges to it.
There are use cases for cars, smaller busses, planes of many speeds and sizes, and obviously high speed railbusses too(basically this shit) and that use case ISN'T being a more efficient train.  I happen to study this kind of smaller demand + low response time logistics, for the purpose of dedicated medicine distribution. If people want fast, and few, and planes are not an option for whatever reason(prohibited for CO2 emissions, sactioned from supply etc)... yeah, the answer is a lightning fast railbus or train[if there is enough demand!!].   The more stupid and thoughless the reasons for taking economic freedom away, the more idiotic the engineering will become. Happened EVERY SINGLE TIME before, and We are seing it firsthand 😅
it basically comes down to you can go buy a bugatti but if your driving through a city centre with a 30 limit in heavy traffic doing 5mph its really no better than that 2002 skoda with 100k miles behind it sure it looks better and is technically better in every way but you aint using it to its capacity so what's the point in having it.
Line 3 of São Paulo Metro system moves more than 400 million passenger per year moving on an average speed of 32 Km/h. How they do that? With 52 big trains that can fit 280 tons of passengers (around 3.8k passengers) going every 3 minutes in each station. It's not about speed, it's about how many people you can take from one point to the other. Imagine do that with "Pods". The average speed of the line used to be a little lower, as 28 Km/h, they moved to modern trains that could operate in higher speed, this made the service better, but almost ineffective on the capacity of the line 3
One of the big strengths of standard rail is how FORGIVING it is. Track subsiding? Lift it up with a forklift and dump more gravel under it. Did the nails holding the track down pop out? Send a couple guys out to smack in some new ones. Need to replace a length of track? Melt out the old one, melt in a new one. Introducing more speed and precision removes those advantages, and if you do so without making the train way more efficient, then you're wasting money and effort.
What's it with Techbros and pods?
Oh, someone had an a*spain, so made up most of the "claims" Nevomo never did, LOL. They don't claim they want 550 km/h freight. They say MagRail cargo 150-200 km/h will be OK (today the fastest cargo cars are designed for max. 140 km/h). MagRail is primarily not about speed, but about less energy and silent movement (most of noise today is generated by suspended electric traction and current collectors / pantographs) without building separate railway rout (which is at least very problematic in highly urbanized areas with high share of private areas). But the best solution would be constructing a brand new HSL with geometry meant for 400+ km/h traffic, shared by both classic HST and magnetic trains. HST for international trains (because there's no other continental scale standard as ETCS). I know there's a huge classic rail lobby, but we don't need to be forcibly down-scaled by it every time and everywhere.
the mag rail would be a good shagohod from metal gear solid 3 if put on a ramp tho
someone has been playng starcraft?
But having as much equipment as possible in the track instead of in the train to save weight on the train is a good idea. It’s not their idea, it has been around for way longer, but it isn’t a bad one
The whole video was one of your best, but the draft email was the cherry on top. Great work as always
Train enthusiast and starcraft music, you really one of those gooood youtuber
I see you havent mentioned the absalout shit show that is the british railway system were we have only two high speed rail tracks where both go to the same destination XD. yes its not rerly realated to the topic but since u were dunking on the Americans I thoght England might get a mention XD
this can all be avoided by just getting a driver's license
True. Unless we plan on building a massive super speed subway system connecting major cities, there's no reason to develop such trains. And I'd love something like that to happen and I can't deny that high speed train is a fun idea to toy with theoretically. But actually wasting money on a research of something that ignores a ton of massive problems is really something else...
They are making free money, they are clever.
and there's some other obstacle too: Humans and... ANIMALS. Imagine Bambi switching sides and not realizing it's soon getting obliterated by a 550 mph vehicle. while Bambies non disintegrated pieces fly like shrapnells through the place. Lovely.
Maybe whenever they invent railroad tracks they'll do something better, like just building more of the fuckers
I mean, as long as they only scam other tech bros I have no problem with it. Who knows, maybe they find out something that can be used if some real engineers get to work on the idea. Its not really a problem, much like those ... uh e-pictures you can buy. It only harms silly people.
Ugh I love this channel  Keep up the max cynicism+information ratio
India , cgeck india
At this point take a private jet
That's this kind of things who make me realize the luck I have to be in France for the transportation, like, A trip to Paris, both tickets (going+return) from a pretty small countryside town I already had like 2-3 choices of trains per hour, when I removed the tickets higher than 40€ (because around July 14th so Prices goes up even more with Olympic games closing in too) the choice thinned up but was still manageable and still had the travel, both ways at a total of 80€ for a 300 km travel, without the stress to drive myself in Paris, the cost of Parkings, road toll and fuel It's also a lot cheaper than if I took my car for a not very longer commuting time (like 15-20 minutes on a 3 hours travel)
All they need to do is good maintenance 😅. Innovation is too much
We've had driverless trains in Vancouver, BC for decades. Maybe you meant there are no cross-country driverless trains?
Lol investors should hire this guy before they invest in any transportation start up
Whenever anyone is at a Open Mic Night in Germany, even if you're no comedian, know no jokes or don't even speak german... just go on Stage, say "Die Deutsche Bahn" and leave again. Laughs guaranteed.
We dont love train crashes, it is just that SOMEONE keeps stealing the friggin line systems cables
10:10 Starsector mentioned?! Adam is giga based
Some of the best minds have been working on how to use railroads most efficiently for over 2 centuries. Some Adam Neumann wannabe sees this and says "this industry is ripe for disruption."
This really got me thinking. Sustaining a hyper loop is . Then why don’t you just build up into the upper atmosphere? You don’t need to have to sustain a vacuum tube because you’re already in it.
I am trying to imagine what happens when that pod crashes into a tunnel entry at 550km/h how does the air and tunnel structure react to the pressure impact ?
0:41  "Elon Musk admitted" Source: - Random article - Quoting a guy that says that elon said something - Guy says that not even elon said something but it seemed like that is what he meant   Seriously, anti-vaxxers and flat earthers have better sources. Don't go throwing words like admitted lmao
At this point, it's almost as if techbros have worked out that you present an idea that's dumb that was knocked up on their PC's, then you get dumber investors/politicians to throw you a few million to do a feasibility study that you knock up on your PC, that says after 3 years it's not feasible and you then buy a villa in Ibiza and do coke.
WHY NOT JUST IMPROVE ON SHIT LIKE ELECTRIC TRAINS DUDE?
Opening edit goes hard
Starsector Atlas spotted 👁️🫦👁️
Emperors new clothes. Tech wrapped in renders, aero design and maglev scream scam or even scam to block other standard proposals.
Cable theft. Ah, tell me you're Hungarian without telling me you're Hungarian.
There is no shortage of stupidity and stupid money chasing stupid ideas for basic transportation... These people think that no one thought of this before...
trust me bro locomotives
That Age Of Empire ost coming out of nowhere
investing a couple billion into the rail system is a good idea, especially in the us.
Bro the brims of these things are absolutely going to rip off after it makes a slight turn on the tracks.
Fun fact : the punctuality rate of 64 % of the german railway system is only this high because it excludes trains that were completely canceled
10:09 Starsector jumpscare
Somehow these tech-bro's have less idea how trains work than the in-setting folks figuring out the tech you research in AoE: II
I don't think Elon Musk is intelligent enough to think of proposing the hyperloop to destroy high speed rail. He thought he had an ingenious idea with the hyperloop. Then he had several years to think up a reason why he thought it was such a great idea, after finally accepting the fact that the people calling it out were correct, then saw something online criticizing him for getting high speed rail destroyed and ran with it to terminate his humiliation. He would rather be seen as an evil genius than an insipid fool. He's too thin skinned to have his intelligence brought into question.
Not me thinking it's a bunch of grave stones at 2:42 💀
You know your system is bad when it's worse than Hungary
Can you talk about the issue of the lack of proper infrastructure for teenagers? Specially parks? They’re always made for younger demographics mostly and it’s annoying
Hahahaha, your US train breakdown (diss) was spot on! I live on the Northeast corridor and it's still just ok.
What if... Musk comes up with a Hyper Pod? /s
Will Adam ever like smething on this channel
11:15 Now we all know you are a Death Stranding player
having worked for a major german railtech industry lobbyist… knowing a thing or two…i grin.
Techbros: “let’s make a fast train!”The train in question..
what is this age of empires music?
Well... the main point is that ye cannae change the laws of physics! Basically the last point. The other points are of course valid as well, but just looking at curves (and switches) - no dice, son.
The random age of empires 2 sound track went hard 🔥
"that's not a rail service, that's a traveling exhibition." peak adam, thank you.
+1 Like for the Kiszel Tünde wall calendar LMFAO
So, it holds about 20 people, each one needs its own driver, and they want to use existing infrastructure. This is a bus. They want to make buses, but on rails.
I really want to see UK on that chart of train punctuality. The UK looks up to germany as having effecient trains.
my favorite choo choo man
Trains can't go faster because of car cross-traffic.
Like pela música de Age of Empires, e pelos trens
What is really sad is that the EU seems to fund this "project". Who is in charge of giving out fundings and wtf do they do all day...!?!? Maybe their time would be better spent watching YouTube (esp this channel)
Starcraft BGM is still the best BGM.
As a Floridian, I got so excited when he mentioned Amtrak, but he just shit on it 😅 (understandably though)
I wish America just had decent rail service. I don't need to go 300 miles an hour. I just want to be able to take a train across the country and not have it take five times longer than a car and be just as expensive as an airplane.
We should paint all trains red, because red trains go faster!
Stadler single deckers are called Flirts, doible deckers Kiss. So triple deckers would be Sex ??
What's your background? Not doubting you or anything, as always I'm just really curious as to how you got such an extensive knowledge of the industry.
I think they were focusing on high speed rail, not conventional rail. You could also make varients of these which can be coupled like trains
8:22 "likely"? The lobbyists literally occupy the leading positions inside the party itself, openly and proudly too like being the epithany of legalised corruption is something to celebrate. (not sure if that specific case is true for Porsche per se, but for many automobile industry lobbyists it is)
End of Ad: 5:13
Please show us more tech bros that's always hilarious
Ironically a lot of these tech bros could really benefit of actually taking a business economics class
One thing worth mentioning is that the french ran a conventional high speed train at 574.8 km/h. So this prototype would at best be slower than something that was demonstrated in production. The reason why French train run at 320 km/h not and 500 km/h are basically all related to infrastructure and logistics, as this video points out.
So are these those NFTs the tech bros are talking about? (Non-Fruitful Trains)
I almost chuckled when I saw the idea of running these "on existing infrastructure" - setting aside all the efficiency issues, the authors of this idea failed to realize that the trains aren't "slow" due to problems with accelerating them to higher speeds but due to how smooth and straight a track you need to go faster.  It's like looking at cars, figuring that in most places they tend to drive 30-90 km/h, very rarely crossing 200 km/h - and thinking you can revolutionalize road transport by building a car capable of accelerating to over 500km/h.
stupid startups trying to reinvent trains when they're already perfect. Only problem in europe is infrastructure in a lot of places. You could go much faster to a city on the other side of europe but we are pouring almost all of the money to build new roads and service old ones.
I am German Train driver and everything you Said is correct. Alwas hilarious when ppl that have no basic idea of Railways try to "innovate" them. By the way its not "INDUSI" anymore since 30+ Years its PZB 90 (Advanced Sucessor of INDUSI)
I was surprised that it's polish company (so from my country) because I consider myself a tech person, this company has 6 years, and it's fist time I hear about it. How is that possible? So I looked it up, and really, nobody treats it serious here. All I can find is some paid articles on bullshit websites, and wikipedia article probably written by CEO himself. This company was created only to get as much as possible from investors, ideally from EU funds, and vanish. That's why they had to tell about AI now - bullshit selling point. It is not real transportation company, and it is not real tech startup - just another guys with 3ds max, blender, sketchup or other 3d rendering software. If they somehow want to use rails in Poland, they need to do this with PKP (polish national railways company), and there is nothing online that suggests cooperation between them. So again, just bullshit renders. BTW CEO surname translates to "donut" which I find hilarious :D
At least Germans have magnificent Autobahns
12:55 I must dissent, they would abolutelly escape rail geometry!
That's not a train. With the amount of people it can transport, it's basically a bus. Silicon valley trying to re-invent the bus again.
I love the aggressive vibe of this video
Whats wrong with the good old bullet trains? Why it must be "reinvented"?
High Speed Derail System!  I mean since we already talked about the Hungarian railway system, let me tell you, many - and I do mean MANY - parts of this specific railway system is so bad that as soon as it gets either too cold or too hot, and the railways warp a little, normal trains can't go over 20-40 km/h without risking derailing. Turning old school rails compatible with high speed trains is a damn recipe for disaster!
Hahaha this is so bad it is actually funny! Tore them a new one 😄 imagine riding on a train and in 10 minutes accelerating and braking 550 to 80 8 times 🤢🤢🤢🤮🤮🤮
You really forgot one important thing: cows, fallen leaves and ice on the tracks. It stops even the most motivated trains where I leave... So except if they decide to ban cows and cancel season, I'm pretty sure their trains will never be as fast as they say... All this to be  able to say they don't use private jets... But a 20 seats train is probably polluting as much as a private jet. The reason why trains pollution ratio is good is because it can cary many people, not just 20.
With that limited capacity i prefer not knowing how much a ticket is supposed to cost JUST to cover the daily running costs of such a bullshit on rails.
06:14 - Too soon!
Wtf are the "tech bros"? Sounds like the reaction bros, lol
this adam guy is a sad sad boy
Trying to “improve” something they know nothing about? IMAGINE trying to go outside your field of knowledge and claim expertise about it…
Belgium mentioned!!! 93% of traines on time‽‽‽ This survey must've set VERY low standards Edit: I now heard Adam say long distance, which isn't terrible in Belgium (at least not during rush hour), but still
7:18 Why do I bet Japan would be something like 99.9%?
The best part is that in techbro-land balises just dont exist. Like how do they think their train signaling is going to work? I have to assume they think GPS and mobile network is how modern rail signalling works.
What happened to this channel?
I have seen high speed trains in China shake like crazy during transit, ofc a lot of this has to do with poor quality control but the wear and maintenance requirement for high speed trains is no joke. Their idea already sounded bad when they talked about retrofitting existing tracks, I mean even tracks that go in a straight line in China are not stable.
Our (german) trains being so late is still wild to me because punctuality is actually a very important social concept here, at least where I come from.
ayo shut up, Ceske Drahy is a serious company and the train crashes have only happened a few times lol
VAI REPÚBLICA CHECA NUMERO UNO 🏆🥇🥇☝️☝️ CAMPEÃO DO MUNDO 🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿🇨🇿 6:14
Why don't we just build metal boxes with metal wheels and let them run on metal tracks? That sounds like a new idea! Now who's gonna send me billions?
I'm on the same page re the sins of tech bros, but your rebuttal to the automation point was really weak. You handwaved about complexity a bit but gave no real substance about why we couldn't have driverless trains. "It's really complicated" is disingenuous as hell, do you have any idea how safe and complex flight autopilot systems are?
why do you have aoe music in the background?
Watching this in TGV likely above 300km/h 🙂
Deep tech house? Yes a lovely music genre.
tech bros keep forgeting that planes exist too. why would anyone invest or travel in the train pod for long distance travel when theres already a pod that isn't limited by terrain, can reach higher speeds, and carry much more than 20 people?
7:19 can't say I'm surprised not seeing 🇸🇪 on the chart 👀
Nice video, i think you are on point for a lot of these subjects.  Also, a like for dropping the warcraft music while showing a starsector atlas!
The A.I. bit at the end is like the cherry on top. Of course they want to use a volatile and unstable technology to manage their ridiculous idea.
Yeah, long and the short of it is that the thing limiting train speed isn’t propulsion, it’s the tracks.
If they intend to use mag lev why don't they just build actual mag lev trains
10:10 starsector reference no way
From working in the tech industry myself I can tell you that many tech bros do not understand how many people there are and why trains need to be high capacity.
10:09 Train's spawning, time to bring out those Diamond Backs bois!!!
Nuh uh, i invented trains
I am thoroughly convinced that all of these dumbass ideas are built to sell them to billionaires for after we reach full cyberpunk dystopia. Unfortunately the only billionaire that has demonstrated any kind of (extremely limited and situational) forward thinking capability is Elon Musk and he's trying to run off to Mars for, uhh, reasons I guess?
I'm tired of you hating anyone who is trying to improve a system that is obviously dated and flawed.
ultra-high speed trains will probably only function on a tunnel-network
Pods are stupid. 550km/h is a good goal though. Chinese rail network is already often at 350km/h, EU needs to do better even if it does cost billions (better put money into rail than the ridiculous agriculture subsides).
yo was that a song from Age of Empires at 12:02
Mixing facts with highly biased political views is ugly propaganda and nothing more.
this video was really captivating and engaging and interesting until the wallet sponsorship you gotta place those better man  edit i came back and finished the video it was mostly good except for the wallet thing
starcraft music jumpscare ❤
i'm going to be fair to the idea of automating trains: a train controlled remotely is not an automated train, even if the network controlling it is automated, because it is not making its own decisions, and every difficulty you presented for automating trains does not apply to pods pods are still a stupid idea, but they're not as stupid if you slow them down and automate them
I saw a great thing the other day: "Trains are to engineering what crabs are to evolution" It just doesn't get more efficient than this
AI powered train with an embedded ethereum miner and smart-TVs that show big data driven targeted advertisements
yeah they do this every few years, particularly with self driving "trucks"
Ah, the cycle comes around, we are now in the 1930's.
StarCraft music took me back!
i think i have invented this 3 years ago when i was smoking weed
I heard the use of the Starcraft 1 Terran theme!  And I approve!
What's super fun about this stuff is that it's all things I thought of as a kid, before fully understanding logistics. Cool in concept, terrible in reality. *The UPSIDE is: I get to see all my little imaginary inventions animated!*
its wild living in a small town in the southern US. there's an active railroad within walking distance in almost every old town, and almost every old town started with people *using* those railroads to travel, but we're not allowed to anymore, were just forced awake by train horns twice a night for tracks were not allowed to travel on.
The biggest problem why neither cars nor trains will run without driver assistance in the next at least 5 years, is that you still have unexpected events. In trains thats mostly stuff on the tracks. And AI is currently just not capable of reliably detecting when to emergency stop and when to continue. With false positives your train wohld randomly make an emergency break from 320kmph to 0 for nothing. And in a false negative you run over humans or crash into a fallen tree. The AI is just not percuce enough at this point, and if we configure it to have no false negatives, aka not run over a person, it has to many false positives and will randomly stop while driving. Necertheless ects is extremly important because it drastically reduces delays
Just like how evolution seems to want to become crabs, tech-bros eventually turn everything into trains.
I don't know what it is about crypto tech bros that want so badly to try and reinvent the wheel, when they know piss-all about the fields they try to do that in.
Hi Adam, can you make a video to trash the German Monocab project and it’s two wheel balancing taxi rail pods which combine the worse parts of cars and the worst parts of trains into one ridiculous idea? I would enjoy it.
Good luck trying to retrofit this tech wank fantasy to the UK's essentially Victorian infrastructure.  Besides, we already have a rail project that has put speed ahead of any other consideration, the white elephant money pit government vanity project that is HS2.
It's like they keep looking at trains and thinking "what if they were like buses, but worse?"
Tech bros basically made worse busses 💀
Don't think nobody noticed that Starsector image.
I would take high speed trains over planes every single time, if it were possible. So what I want is more high speed trains, none of this BS new tech for rich people. I want Madrid Paris by train to be the most attractive option. In summary, what I want is for government to spend more in ways to more easily interconnect train lines between countries, instead of senseless new technology buzzwords. The fact that there is no direct connection between Madrid and Paris, and you have to make a change of trains is the problem, not that the train goes 300 km/h instead of 400 km/h.   Even if it takes longer, especially for work trips I would rather sleep on an overnight train than spend 7 hours going to airport, taking the plane, getting around the new airport, etc. Yes, the overnight train is longer in time, but you reach your destination fresh in the morning after a good sleep and ready to do your thing. With the plane, your back hurts, your knees hurt, your hearing is still damaged from the noise of the plane, and you need to reach your hotel and checkin after the whole ordeal. In high speed trains, not only the seats are larger and more comfortable, but you can walk around without any issue ever. Maybe it is because I am a very large dude, but the few inches of difference between the train and plane seats are in fact the difference between sitting comfortably and having to cross my arms the entire trip.
I just want to point something out about the cable theft part @11:25 I used to be a Military Policeman.  Once I was assigned to patrolman duty on a major military installation and one of our top priority security checks (almost to the point of positioning a squad car there every night) was the storage facility that stored, among other things, copper cable.  If a military base has issues with copper being stolen just imagine how bad it's going to be once they start laying this stuff down.
The difference in punctuality between Germany and Switzerland is so big that Switzerland regularly prevents trains from Germany entering the country because it would mess up their system.
the age of empires music is calming af
It doesn't have to be real or work as long as the investors pump a bunch of cash into the project that the tech bro can launder out to their pockets. :(
Rail really could be so good here in Germany. I really enjoyed some trips, because it was comparably fast as a car on very empty roads, you could spend the time travelling by making art and listening to some interesting YouTube videos, have quite usable bathrooms you can use without the need for a delaying break and there are plenty of connections between Düsseldorf and nice destinations… but it is expensive as shit, the delays are sometimes crippling and as a severely disabled wheelchair rider, I  really experienced some of the worst travels I ever had. But at least we have the potential here to get a good system rolling once the car industry dies due to too many people glueing themselves onto the streets.
Ironic the one subject that was once a meme for autistic ppl to be obsessed with is now one of the most powerful potential answers to so many problems ppl out of touch with reality are either trying to fix incorrectly, or directly contributing to.
Didn't expected a Starsector reference but i'll take it, amazing game.
One small addition: In Germany, a train doesn't count as delayed if it gets cancelled. In addition to that, trains that are already late are much more likely to get cancelled. Some even speculate that the DB intentionally cancels the ones that are 40+ minutes late to trick the statistic.
How can you call this a pod! No self-respecting tech bro would design anything to hold more than 10 people and that’s pushing it! Everyone should be in a two person pod with 20 staff workers, and be made out of pure gold.
Let's be honest. They believe those pods are for the wealthy.
So.... They made.... Buses.
ideas are easy, cheap, and need vetting - but i'm so easily lured and swayed by the concept of something new and shiny that it's hard for me to see their flaws right away. I have loved these videos for pointing out how silly every new idea is for just being a worse version of trains each time, because your delivery is hilarious, the ideas are rightfully silly, and it's pleasantly humbling. Thank god I'm not responsible for generating new infrastructure ideas, nor implementing them.
Tech bros need to come up with ways to safely and cheaply stack railway lines. Then you can have twice as many trains for the same amount of land.
Age of Empires II Theme, yup
If one realizes how few railroads in Poland are suitable for even just regular "higher speed" trains (not to mention 0% of the country's trains being of the maglev type), this episode is extra funny. Though apparently Polish trains are a bit more punctual than the German ones (I am honestly shocked).
Tell me about the games you're playing. SC2 soundtrack was amusing but Age Of Empires is kinda dated. :D
As a german trying to escape reality in a relayed train, this video took a very personal turn
The part I love most about that whole idea is them saying “moving wagons without locomotives in terminals” at 1:09 like it’s a huge deal even though it’s literally done thousands of times a day by just rolling the wagons down a slight hill. It’s just so ridiculously over engineered for no reason at all.
fucking "pod"... whenever you hear the word "pod" used you know it's a scam and that you're gonna see a lot of 3d computer modeling because there is of course no working prototype yet. "should we call it, like, a railwat carriage?" - "what? no, are you crazy? we call it a people-carrying pod of course. Or some other variation. As long as the word 'pod' is in there somehow"
What Springfield really needs is a monorail.
Props for using Sims 2 music 🥰
10:09 best game soundtrack ever?
Wololo 🧙🏽
0:45 They described trains as having "limited further development owing to physical characteristics of 190+ year old technology principles." That's the same line of thinking that flat earthers and other conspiracy theorists use to discredit all functional human knowledge.
Fun teardown, and thanks for the unexpected but always welcome StarCraft music!
Well even if they succseded somehow I dont think the goverment nor any regional train provider in Poland would let them fuck around with tracks witch in some places are already in pretty bad shape or require modernization.
Showing the "Deutsche Bahn" as a good example of train management is very brave 😂, trust me
I’m wracking my brain, trying to come up with one single thing the contemporary tech bros have invented and shared with society to improve our circumstances.   So far I have come up with nothing. Only a slew of products and platforms that have made life worse for a great many people. Also, quite a few things that already existed, but that they stole and repackaged to make life either slightly different or… just plain worse.  The best I’ve come up with is that there is a ton of harebrained BS that failed spectacularly and never even went to market - thank god.
Hey, as a fan of your content for a little while, ive seen you criticize the deeply flawed ideas of tech bros who are trying to obtain some sort of progress. Usually poorly, i can't stress that enough, but they're trying something new. You call them out and mock them, but i dont often hear you presenting ideas about paths to progress on your own. I'd love it if you could use your impressive research capabilites to lead to progress in something youre passionate about!
I espacially love the email bit <3
I particularly think something like still might be interesting to the Dutch rail, design for more train set up. Here there are trains called sprinter, they are the “slower stop trains” of the network. They were design to accelerate and fast to intercity train speed for short sprints. Think the 500kph, is overkill for the distance they cover, but is the acceleration and deceleration of the electromagnetic system is still more efficient then conventional power trains, might be useful
What did they do back in they when computers didn't exist and didn't have the train managing system?
SNCF MENTIONIONED 🔥🔥🔥 WHAT THE FUCK IS A TRAIN ON TIME 💯💯💯 TUTUTUDU 🗣🗣🗣 MESDAMES 💃💃 MESSIEURS 🕺🕺 UN ARRET DE TRAVAIL D'UNE PARTIE DU PERSONNEL DE LA SNCF PERTURBE LA SITUATION DES TRAINS. UN AFFICHAGE EN GARE SITUÉ DANS LE HALL VOUS INDIQUE LES TRAINS QUI CIRCULENT... MERCI DE VOTRE COMPREHENSION.
what about 550kmh underground trains?
Thank you!
6:58 If somebody proposed a water park in the middle of the Sahara it would not surprise me anymore at this point.
Love the Saxonian Switzerland footage.
Is that AoE2 music?
8:54 Trains actually do overtake eachother when there is no train coming on the other track, i even saw this on the HSL once (speaking from Belgium)
What is the song at around 7 min mark?
Now the train people know how we artists feel when tech bros decided to "democratize" art.
Wait till Elon will be like, I have invented electric trains which run on batteries.
damn techbros got my hyped for a minute that people were actually interested in revitalizing our shit rail system in the US. why can't we have nice things 😭😭😭
And you didn't even mention terrorists. Imagine the enterprising terrorist planting a few sticks of dynamite along 50 feet of track and setting them off as a train traveling 300 KM/hour comes along. Hilarity ensues.
10:11 Let's go Starsector reference
I am literally bamboozled about HOW a company like this is even “in Business” (or more like “exists”) since 2017!!?? Like in SEVEN YEARS they could not figure any of this out? How does this happen? Can we please mass-send this Video to every employee, manager, CEO and Investor in this company?
EYOOO Czech republic train crash mentioned
funny how all the new inventions regarding transportation are bad versions of trains. are trains the crab of the tech bros world?
Capitalism breeds innovation thats why we are finally making trains but worse
Except for the Czech Republic, they seem to love that 😂
so basically they just added hot wheels booster track to an already fast track
So basically they want a railgun?
The guy is really saying we should just keep cramming more and more people into these sweatholes instead of innovating on the passengers' comfort. Heck, we should go back to horses than! Yet, it's still others who are idiots for some reason 😂
All these tech bros are just arachno capitalist bootlickers.  Thinking that individualising and "podding" up everything is the solution, because that's all their ideas entail to  Milking ideas that equally out of touch investors might fall for. As they have for hyperloop ect.  After all, it's flashy and oogie boogie.
"At our company, we heard people avoid reinventing the wheel, and we asked why? That's where we decided to take that risk, to dare to dream, to create a future where every wheel is not just reinvented, but reimagined with premium, bespoke materials. We didn't stop there; we added unnecessary features and quadrupled the price. Because why settle for ordinary when you can have extravagantly pointless?" - An idiot with too much money
Starsector mention!
5:55 I learned only today, how real bad american railway is I knew it was quite bad, but that is way worse then rural bus network in Germany, where you can be lucky to have a bus every hour
10:11 Wait a minute... one of these is not like the other. Is that, Starsector?
Even the Vatican, the country with the smallest rail line in the world, thinks this is a waste of money...
Literally fomo in the company name
TechBro MO: Take something that already exists. Sleek up the design with no thought to function. Get a pretty CGI graphic of it working in ideal, isolated conditions. Make it exclusive and feel bespoke and futuristic. Collect investments, hype and accolades from people who don't know better. Repeat, leaving a trail of unfulfilled visions of things that already exist.
I agree that we can't have driverless trains, Now just imagine how crazy it is to have driverless cars. Legislators that allowed Waymo need to be put in prison for reckless endangerment.
Just build a tunnel and transport the pods on vehicles that move along rails.
This is amazing ahahahhahaha
didnt have to call czechia out like that:(
I think Saudi Arabia princes would invest in it
Easy target but still very funny
Im convinced this is just some sort of money laundering scheme like they are doing everything except investing in existing and making new train infrastructure
I love the Tunde Kiszel calendar :D
there is automated rail here in korea, and even then its only on 1 subway, super micromanaged manualmated in the control panel  what weed are these guys smoking on
Watching this while inside a TGV, maybe french railway system isn’t so bad after all
6:13 hey, it's not that bad (most of the time :))
as a Pole I'd like to apologise for this startup
I don't really understand why driverless automation can't work. What part of high speed rail requires functionality that only humans can do?  (I'm saying this as someone who is usually quite conservative about new tech)
I loved both the seconds of Starcraft music.
Oh my god... the supply chain bit was SO common sense but mind blowing in that these train tech bros never... thought of it...
have you seen the "underground robot  home delivery system"? what do you think about it
Adam is onto something here
11:06 can't expect tech bros to understand throughput
Never heard about that since this video, and nie i am very curious  In Poland modernisation of rail going very slowly, we hypothetically have higher-speed connections between big cities, but trains can't reach the max speed becouse lack of infrastructure  I can't imagine what they have in their minds; maybe magnets can glue metals together, and that is a solution?
I would say that the core idea is not that bad, they want to create maglev compatible with existing railways, but the execution is terrible. They basically created railbus that will still be more or less limited to design speed of existing tack. For it to achieve ti!s top speed they would need separated maglev track with significant cant or even design it the same way as race tracks are so the vehicle can go through that curve ad high speed.  The other significant problem is that they had designed another pod and not some set of pods or maybe rather something like multiple unit.
It’s all fine and cool until the first curve, which turns this high speed rail project into a railgun with a manned projectile
Tech Bros going into physical industries is like a vegetable farmer going into tech under the assumption that he can revolutionize tech because all these metal cubes and tubes on the green plate are probably superfluous.
does anyone know the outro song? 🥺
The fact it's a Polish company makes me so disappointed. We have so little start-ups and apparently even less useful ones.
I like trains
Adam Something losing his sanity every time someone reinvents a trai
Pretty sure these tech bros k ow their ideas won't fly. But for a short little while, they manage to extract some cash from gullible investors for 'development'.... a.k.a. it's an obvious scam.
Woah, what's that music used in the intro of Freight? Its so familiar yet so unknown.
German trains are even worse than 64% because almost every train comes a few minutes to late adding up to loads of extra time. Also all the trains that just get cancelled because they would be delayed so long that the next train on the line comes first don’t count into the statistic.
Just build a set of commercial airports for small aircrafts?
Ooh I love BeachHouse
Always love the aoe2 bgm
😂 when you're so sarcastic that even your sponsorship looks like a sarcasm. 👍🏼
Dear Mr. Something. i've been binging your videos for a past view days and i wonder, is that it? are train the most efficient way to transport people? is there no space left for innovation in public transport technologies?
The German liberal FDP being the "Porsche party" is such a meme, but sadly a true one. This clearly shows in our current government, where the FDP got to appoint one of their own as the national minister for traffic, and that dillhole blocks or slows literally everything beneficial for public transport and which could affect Porsche and other German car brands' bottom line. He is the reason why our national train ticket almost did not make it into existence, why there will never be a speed limit on our Autobahn (highways) and why instead millions get spent on expanding our Autobahn network even more.
honestly i think it's just the right amount of dumb to lure in the gullible investors which i think is the whole point of startups like this.
Ok so…. I’m pretty sure Singapore’s MRT system is all centrally-operated with no driver. Also, pretty sure Japan’s Shinkansen does not have visible coupler either if you just went with CG drawing.  I’m not saying that the concept is not stupid but just like you like to bash America, I feel like you are blind to Asian-side too.
Yay starsector?
Ah, the legacy of Steve Jobs: rich and wannabe rich a-holes want to turn everything into an overpriced pod.
this TRAIN of thought is a good example of Design. Nice video! ... Love the AoE music by the way.
9:13 had me cracking up bad
And they always fail to mention that anything high speed is impractical for hilly or mountainous terrain. Grades and curves are the enemy of speed. The only solution in LOTS of tunnels, fills, and bridges. You would spend twice as much on those as you were saving the population on travel time. Futurists love to tout the line between Bejing and Shanghai, and that line is straight, level, in a temperate climate, and exists in a realm where the government can take whatever land they want for construction.
You missed the part of the website that says "It will enable the vehicles to travel at up to 1,200 kph (746 mph)." Lol.
Have you seen US rail tracks? They look like they have not been maintained in the past 50 years, one of the big reason they have so many derailments!
The Starcraft music at 10:11 🤌
ha ezt kerested ne keress tovább :D
the gmail and a wall calendar line was so good
"Compared to Europe, American long distance rail is a joke. Aside from the two lines where there's an okay service, you have on the lines, what, two pairs of trains per day? That's not a rail service, that's a traveling exhibition!"  Never before have I been so offended by something I 100 percent agree with.
General Electric engineers learned about these bozos and made a note to their HR, "Watch out. The Village of Idiots called us, asking if we have seen their village idiots."
Thanks for shouting out the terrible German train network. We strive to deliver the least on-point system in all of Europe. And have all of the staff on Strike to demand higher pay, because... uhhh, reasons I guess, their impeccable service it certainly can't be the reason.
You may think that German high speed rail is "kind of shit", but have you considered British high speed rail?
So there's a huge rail infrastructure overhaul going out in Europe, connecting all of the Capitals of member countries. So our leg has opened a route to reach neighboring country's capital in X amount of house. It is advertised as being faster than a car (by 1 hour) and more convenient as airport (flights are short and expensive and you waste time at the airports), right? That works ONLY if they ran that train without stopping midway. All the town that this noise and danger machine passes had reasonable questions such as woa woa woa, what do You mean it won't stop here? We want to travel too and it goes through our effing station!". So government was forced to add at least 3 midway stops: 5-10 min at one and all the time loss for decelerating and accelerating. That train is literally incapable of reaching 200 km/h by physics alone. The automobile is still winning as it should be ;)
Can anybody tell me how to find the outro song? I'm sure it's from one of the age of empires games but I can't find it. Oh and great video by the way!
The terran theme gets me every time
Common man, they don't mean it. Go easy on them. They are just trying to raise, I mean steal mi-billions from brain-dead investors.
The problem with tose guys is Almaty the reality, thatswhy they always try to change it 😂
Going 550 km/h is almost half the speed of sound, so everyone close to the train will also get their hearing damaged
More proof every revolutionary transport idea is really “trains but worse” or “bikes but worse.”
I think they havent thought obout making it a monorail, thus duplicating the tracks.
This sort of thing would work in France or Japan , if you retrofitted one LGV / Shinkansen line at a time , and stretched the pods out a bit so they'd carry loads more people . Then you'd have one of these linear electric trains that was first mooted circa 1997 in tge very early stages of planning HS2! ... .   As The angry  guy in the video already more or less .said .
All of these projects can be summed in "we hate poor people, so here's an inconvenient, inefficient and unrealistic to isolate us from them"
I see they've invented smaller grounded concorde
Terrance McKenna once said - in the future we are going to realize we used a vast amount of precious metals on idiotic things 😅
You can tell the difference between a tech bro who’s been counting money his whole life and an engineer who’s actually built stuff.  Tech bros always see the spherical chicken in a vacuum, engineers know the use case will be a flailing monkey in a septic tank.
In France, without any levitation technology, we already have a TGV that reached a speed of 574.8 km/h between Bordeaux and Paris for a record in 2007. It's actually just a regular TGV without any kind of levitation technology.
I used to work for a company called Linear Motors Ltd which evolved from the electrical research department of famous crane maker Herbert Morris. Some one had the bright idea that instead of driving a crane along the gantry using wheels driven by an electric motor & gearbox, with a brake to stop it, let's use linear motors instead and use the steel gantry beams as a reaction plate to provide thrust to push the crane along. That saves having to buy motors and gearboxes and brakes. The synchronous speed of 6m/sec is far too fast for a crane, so then you have to add a speed controller and a speed feedback sensor to keep the speed down to a more reasonable 0.5m/sec. Then you need to come up with a means of stopping the crane, because if it's barrelling along at full speed with a load on the hook and the power is interrupted there's nothing to stop it. With a conventional brake, the brakes apply if you lose the power. Needless to say, it didn't catch on.
Brilliant presentation!
That starcraft music came out of nowhere!
"what if we took an idea that's been going great for many many years and then made it shitty?🤔 Disruptors!🔥🙌"
What is the tune that is playing at 5:28? I can't remember which game it's from.
Seems like tech bros are actually coming full circle now, especially since Uber is testing out actual bus services.
That wall calendar killed me.
You had me at: Travelling Exhibition….
Adam I find this extremely offensive, at least Germany has a high speed rail 🇮🇪
The German auto industry sure would be responsible for the inferior quality of German trains but France also has a significant auto industry yet it has the TGV system. I wonder what caused this difference between the 2 countries
God I wish American rail was better, we used to be a real country until cars ruined it thanks ford
the uk never made that punctuality graph... surprised ?
It's because of people like elon musk that I have so little trust in billionaires who claim they want to make the world a better place.
I want to sit those tech-bros about my job-ticket (paid for by my employer) that takes me everywhere in my area in Germany on normal commuter trains, S-Bahn, U-Bahn. On weekends and after 9 pm I can take the kids and an adult for free.
When Stockholm had a switch that damaged all 60 commuter trains runs on the same rail line, they looked into replacing them with busses. Turns out they didn't have the vehicles, the personnel, nor road space to add the 800 busses they would need to achieve the same capacity as the train line. Roads are so extremely inefficient as transport, it's laughable.
Oh, you showing an article out of the TAZ warmed my heart.
German trains are not only late compared woth places like France because DB is underfunded but, conpared with France, out network is far more complex. Our train-network connects small towns, villages, latge cities, not so large ones, and plenty of milk cans. The french rail-system doesn't. And... there you go (sort of) at 7:54.  With proper funding the mix and the density of stops would be a boon, not a negativ.
What is it about Tech Bros and pods? Why are pods so fucking alluring to them.
NONONONONO hear me out guys! *sniff* WE ARE GOING TO USE THE EXISTING RAIL NETWORK TO MAKE MAGLEV MONORAILS. THAT POD WILL GO 550KPH, AND ALLOW COMMUTING QUICKER AND MOST EFFICIENT THANKS TO *sniff* A HYDROGEN BURNING GAS TURBINE, SO WE CAN DOUBLE THE AMOUNT OF TRAINS ON SINGLE TRACKS! MAKE *sniff* THEM GO BOTH WAYS TO PICK UP A SINGLE PERSON IN THE BOONIES!
Not to mention that running a maglev on a base of conventional rails with steel runner wheels “for stabilization,” would probably wear out the wheels and tracks in no time.
I do love all these tech bros who have thought up an idea no one else had. They are so much smarter than figures like Eisenhower -- a former US general turned POTUS who helped pioneer the interstate highway system (a multi-billion dollar project that today's cost would be hundreds of billions) to ensure tanks and land vehicles could get across the entire span of the lower-48 states within a reasonable amount of time (~2 weeks between the West Coast and East Coast) -- and only their proprietary ideas can help us save the world or make stock go burp or something.
When I become a billionaire tech bro I'm going to fund a transcontinental high-speed railway from Buenos Aires to Cape Town through North America, Russia, China, India, The EU, and Africa.
Look, I have debilitating fear of crowds. I understand not wanting to be on a crowded train. But dude...
I've toyed with similar ideas before, but mostly as hypotheticals for scifi stories. For me, the big advantage was end-to-end travel - you could use cheaper non-grade-separated regular speed rail for the fan-out to industries, neighborhoods, and commercial areas, while also being able to go straight through onto the superspeed trunk. Not a big deal for passengers, transfer stations are easy enough to use, but for freight it's useful.  Same for self propelling cars, actually. Useless for passengers, terrible for long travel... but pretty handy in the yard, for someone to just be able to walk the thing around.  oh, and the entire network was built for this, since it was on a colonized planet.  also five minutes? lol. I have been on american long distance rail that was delayed by, I'm not even kidding, 24 hours.
I will have to disagree on a few points. First off, smaller trains(aka pods) running more often isn't necessarily a bad idea. Self driving trains isn't a very hard problem to solve(or to be more exact, a remotely managed system where operators only manage oddities like Waymo). It reduces how big a station has to be allowing for more stations to be built, and reduces wait times. Effectively, this is what a tram network is.   The problem start when you try to made the pods high speed. Now there are 100s of precession machines to maintain. You need to have passing lanes which must take up space similar to a highway ramp(to avoid high g forces) meaning your stations are now huge and must accommodate more people then fit in a pod. Since high speed is only useful between cities, you already need larger capacities then a single pod even if you were running one every 5 minutes; trams work because they avoid ever concentrating people, but high speed rail is starting with concentrated people.
man, this startup was created only for the tax optimisation for the owner of the owner of the owner of that startup, so no worries
Nevermind the fact that, I don't know, people often take the train because they *want* it to be slower. Like, the leisure of just having a chill couple hour/day or two long ride through wherever is nice. I took a train from one side of my state to the other and it took 6 hours and I didn't mind at all. I got to chill, listen to my music, take in the scenery, write a little.
To add to the roast of the German systems: a Lot of trains are Not even in the statistic, because they are not finishing their tours and Turn after half the distance to be on time and let people Drive with the train later
I am not an engineer but I was a safety investigator for a long time. The first thing I thought of was Santiago de Compostela. That is an extremely deadly derailment  caused by a conductor taking a 50 km/h corner at something like 120 km/h. You can't just slap high-speed cars on a track made for a completely different speed. They just flip.
The age of empires music at the end was a nice touch
Can you make a video about engineering ideas that you think are worth it please ?
I used to work in shipping, and while pods are bad for all of the reasons you have pointed out, they would completely transform shipping markets. At the moment, the immense economies of scale involved in rail shipping mean that the "market" is illiquid, inefficient, and unable to capture small- and medium-sized shippers that actually make up a significant portion of freight. I have to assume that this is the actual heart of the pitch for investors -- "we can turn your existing rail network into an even higher value market than it already is". (They're still obviously silly for all engineering reasons listed and more.)
Tanks!!  Some one appreciated our GERMAN "Deutschebahn" network  *And yes, we all love our system* ;D
I won't be surprised if these tech bros just start packaging train and rail as high tech pods to government  And in next video you talk about their SCAM 😂😂😂😂
Awesome, thank you for giving me Flashbacks with the Terran Soundtrack from Starcraft!
just when I thought I couldn't facepalm harder about this stuff. I cannot believe that people still fall for this garbage.
Why do my fellow country men have to hate trains so much. I don’t want to own a truck, I don’t feel manly or cool, I feel poor inefficient and unsafe because of cars.
Star sector stays winning
It frightening to realise how much influence do people like Alan Musk have in world...
Nice to see yt recommending me a fellow Hungarian /g (at least I assume so, that 'Budapest' was pronounced way too crisp)
12:02 Aoe2 music? Let's goooo, a man of taste 🎩
Reminds me of the time the Chinese government discovered the bus but they called it a "land train"
Deus ex music is baller
Cool Video
Just use transport trucks
Not a joke with Czech Republic 💀, man it happend in my city.
Nevomo pod is literally a baguette on wheels.
You god damn nerd sniped me at 10:10. That's one of the original Terran tracks, isn't it?
I don't get the whole obsession with "pods", it's not really a good idea anywhere, and especially not for trains. Trains are long for a reason, it's called economy of scale.  Regular train tracks are, as you said, not made for those kinds of speeds so that is already a non-starter for something like this. The way to do something like this would probably be on dedicated mag-lev tracks, probably put on pillars to keep people and animals out of the way. People walk across train tracks for all kinds of stupid reasons, with fatal consequences, and that's even at fairly slow speeds. Now imagine some poor idiot, or maybe a deer or an elk, getting splattered from a orange dildo doing 550kmph. It would be a bad day for everyone involved. I imagine birds would also be an issue at those kinds of speeds, they can usually get out of the way of a train but this might be too fast for them to react properly in time.  The idea of self driving container cars is something that could be viable in some places, and I think it's already being done in container ports with trucks, but there is no point whatsoever in doing it with mag-lev. If you need something fast you get it by a truck that can get it all the way from point A to B, unless you happen to have a straight train connection from your supplier to the factory. If you want something quickly from China, you pay extra for air freight.   The concept is interesting but not viable for so many reasons and practically impossible without dedicated infrastructure.   Great video though!
I'll shorten the video: "Our tech is currently not advanced enough and our infrastructure is not properly set up for these trains to be feasible yet, and instead of focusing on upgrading that tech in a direction to allow these trains, here's a video sneering at the idea because it's hip for internet troglodytes to mock innovators right now." This entire era where people thought 'TECHNOLOGY BAD! I'M GOING TO INEXPLICABLY MAKE IT POLITICAL RAAHH!!" will be intensely embarrassing to read about in the future.
Nobody intends to build any of these attention grabbing projects, they are there to move venture capital and debt around
Imagine hitting a deer at 500+km/hr
people need to realize that the 1960's fantasy about future technology isnt what should be invening. we already made everyting worthwile, we invented self opening mall doors and ice cube makers in the fridge. we dont need flying pod, a watch that measures your hormoe levels and the self lighting space cigarette
Years ago I took my son to a model train expo in our city. It was just old men with their models, and children with milfs loving them. I remember wondering if model trains are a dying hobby. Where were all the young men with model trains? Well, now that makes sense. Apparently the kind of people who would enjoy that hobby don't seem to know they exist 😂
Tech bros have been reinventing trains for 40 years
Evolution always leads to crabs and engineering always leads to trains.
we have had technology for a long time that we need today. tech needed for decent electric cars,public transportation,appliances and light bulbs that last 50 years,free global communication, etc. have all been available for a long time and shut down by moneypower for better profitability. our socioeconomic system makes many technological innovations useless or antagonistic to power. technology wont help with that.
Wasn’t expecting the Age of Kings soundtrack outro
Bro… using a video on ETCS by the Czech Správa Železnic and then saying we love to crash our trains is really fucking savage but deserved
It would be cool to fully electrify American railways. But it is still prohibitively expensive.
This is why every engineer and scientist I’ve spoken to hates techbros: they want to claim membership in the scientific community but they’re incapable of even doing so much as a literature review
Looks inspired by their wives’s toys.
As soon as they go pods, it becomes clear they have nothing of value to say, their entire project is invalid.
You don't know trains till you've experienced Indian train... In Mumbai... At peak hour. That's a miracle of God.
Simple ideas for complex problem from stupid people: "I'll buy two!!!" 😂
As per usual proud to be polish
a POD because of course it is HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA Fucking hell that was funny
Make a video on Indian railway 🤪
Tech bros reinvent the wheel: Put solar panels on a wheel (all over) and use the electricity to mine crypto. Get enough money through crowdfunding to buy Bill Gates and kick him in the butt.
Points missed in this video about German and French trains:  - Germany has less land but more people meaning a higher population density. Building train tracks like in France wouldn't be impossible but way more expensive. A Swiss budget that is five fold per capita would make it possible but also a heavy hedache - The idea it would be done to protect the car industry is purely conspiracy theory. There are aligning interests but also heavy opposite interests. Gasoline is quite expensive in Germany due to taxes which doesn't fit in this theory at all. The green party is also part of the governing coalition. Germany exports most of its cars. Electrical cars are currently generating way more headache than trains
Name of Hungarian sausage lady plz
hahaha…I love how much you hate Elon musk.
I wish Jocks came back. They were the natural enemy of tech-bros but they went extinct a long while ago or just became podcasters.
Thank you for calling out the corrupt politicians in Germany! The state of our train system is truly shameful...Did you know that we still use original tech from the 1800's at many switches? I guess I should be grateful that so far I just ended up being late and not dead 🙃
every year we get closer to tech bros reinventing the onion's high speed bus concept
Are you a rail expert? What makes you more qualified than they are?
All we want is cheap night trains !!! I don't care the speed as long as I arrive in the morning...
can't believe Vande Bharat is beating German trains in punctuality 😎
honestly one of the best transitions to a sponsored segment.
Anyone that lives in MA know that snow is going fuck this train. Why do tech-bros think they can do the job of real professionals?
Techbros live in their own little bubble where real world issues don't exist. You don't even have to look at the big ambitious BS projects like this one to see just how little they think of real people - just turn to the management web portals or phone apps of e.g. startup mesh WiFi companies, or solar inverters. They designed the interface, so they can find all the settings and information readouts, but if you don't know the jargon and don't think like a techbro, you haven't a hope of working it out by yourself. And if you are thinking "RTFM" well good luck with that. If there even is one, it's written in Twinglish or simply ignores the important parts. They are simply incapable of thinking of all the factors outside of their "vision".
I love seeing how Spain (Renfe) is not even in the most punctual list 🎉
Hell what happens when it crashes? High speed rail trains are very dangerous in crashes as it is. This is a fucking rail gun but with it's own built-in blood bath. Imagine the fucking shrapnel of a direct collision in any populated area. That would be an amazing way to Annihilate an entire fucking district.  What about any underground collision? Or bridges? The speed alone could damage particularly shoddy infastructure and depending on the angle, going 550km on a bridge would give all 20 passengers a wonderful birds eye view of the ground that's about to kill them.  What would happen to the windows too? How reinforced do they need to be. If moving 550km/hr through suburban areas would destroy windows, what about the ones on your train- sorry. Pod.  Going further, what if someone wants a window open or there's even a tiny crack to the outside. Open a window in a Car going 90km/hr and you'll see it's not all that pleasant. I find breathing hard at that speed. Now multiply that speed by 6. If even the tiniest crack is open, then your whole contingent of 20 sacrifices will find out the result to that and quickly too.  The worst thing about all of this is that there's already a lot of curved, attachable pods that go with trains. They can be attached or detached as need be. It's a fucking Carriage.  (Also genuine question but why aren't double decker trains all that common. At least where i live i haven't seen any. Is it just a logistic issue, having to change all of this prexisting infastructure to add an extra deck? Or is just not needed?)
At this time in Germany, the best way to get more punctual trains is more people working in this specific industrie. This increases the amount of trains and coaches available, gives you some buffer should a conducter call in sick and you still don't need to improve infrastructure much. Next step would be... well yes more modern and robust infrastructure. I travel by train daily and there is a hand full of days only when no issue either on a train, a switch or signal comes up. I am currently down one line even because there is not enough personal, putting a gap in the schedule of 35 minutes. Otherwise a trains would be going my way every 15 minutes or so. Which would be awesome
America is the perfect country for rail as it’s big and has long distances between major parts of the country but we have terrible rail and have sold our souls to cars
Techbros trying to beat foamers at a nerd competition will never stand a chance.
Yeaaaaah polish railroad tracks are shitty enough.....
Nice deep cut at 10:10 with the StarCraft music :D
Anyone know the song in the end of the video? Also at 12:00. Sounds so familiar, but can't recognize and Shazam doesn't help.
The only thing I can think this would be useful for would be underground tunnels that provide fast transport for high-ranking government officials i.e. a 'panic tube' that gets the president/prime minister to a wartime bunker HQ in case of war. Useless otherwise lol
hilarious
yoooo!  Polish tech bros can't be caught lacking, gotta one up Elon Musk on stupid!
in addition to crimes against engineering and physics, they painted their train to look like salmon sushi, which is a crime against sushi lovers and haters alike.
all of these "projects" is thinking speed = throughput.
I wish the US commuter train system was better. The sad truth is that everyone here like to waste money. Like on pod trains.
I mean, this is obviously made to be entertaining, but it bugs me a bit that with so many flaws in the system, a ton of the criticism is solely based on the mag-trains carrying exactly 20-24 people in the pod, which is a stunningly inaccurate estimation even from the pictures and videos of the pod alone. My estimation for those pods would be much closer to 50-70 people per car. Then it relies on the pods not being able to be chained together, which is clearly untrue for the cargo pods.   Having to retrofit rail systems for a new kind of service could also be done during regular maintenance of the rails anyway.   So surely there would be a less silly approach to criticising these trains than just basing everything on 2-3 pretty silly assumptions, right?
6:30 no you can have driverless trains. ATO(Automatic train Operator) is being used in some big cities like paris and being tested in german cities like hamburg with their s-bahn. With all the regulations its just still in testing but definitely doable.
Trains in america?  Type in "usa train derailments" and tell me if trains should even be legal to operate in the USA after the footage you see
5:38 ETCS basically doesn't work on a lot of lines in Poland, you still have to rely on the Radiotelephone and other means.
The idea of retrofitting existing rails with maglev technology could still have merit if maglev is more energy efficient (idk if it is) than traditional trains. You wouldn't go faster - because the fundamental track layout isn't designed for it - but maybe you would save on energy in the long run, which would eventually be a positive.  But yeah, that's not anything new. That's just smart usage of existing infrastructure for the purpose of modernization.
Not the Youtube royalty free whistling music in the beginning 🤣
Not sure if it was on purpose, but its very nice to see so many clips in my area the wonderful Sächsische Schweiz.
Dont forget in germany we count trains that are not even comming anymore as punctual, because they didnt arive late.
A fully automated rail system is completely viable if there is one central control. Metro lines all over the world do this. The problem is getting every country to spend a ton of money on changing over to an automated system. It's less risky to take that money and directly solve the staffing shortage in the short run.
Why am I watching this?
They could use these at night when fewer trains are running.
So happy that i live in switzerland, where the in-charge railway folks got brains
Throttle meatsacks, oil and chemicals at 550kph on rail meant for 120kph, seems legit, not like there's ever been a train accident.
"You can't have driverless trains"  Skill issue. Vancouver has had driverless trains since 1985.
You seriously suggest that the current German government is in parts controlled by the automobile industry? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Oh mate, you have no idea whats going on here....
The "American rail is a joke" segment hit me hard not because I'm American but because Brazil is even worse, with virtually NO intercity passenger trains
It would help a lot talking a liiiiiiiiitle bit slower.
How will it be powered?
all those companies just exist to get millions in venture capital to shovel into their account
12:00 nice soundtrack choice. 10 year old past me says hello.
10:55 is that a god damn half life 2 container?
10:10 A Starsector screenshot is just the cherry on a cake. You're a man of culture.
Eh kinda cringe but the content is very good
Surely people with the funds to do these kinds of projects aren't actually this stupid? There has to be some kind of scam, something they get out of this.
On today's episode of, *_Did Silicon Valley Reinvent the Bus Again?_*  _"Did Silicon Valley Reinvent the Train Again?"_
No in Germany, instead of making trains good, they make driving cars a nightmare. While the FDP love cars, the Green party (that is much stronger), SPD, and CDU under Merkel at least, hate cars. But they don't want to make trains better, so now you have to drive in snail speed everywhere and they tune the traffic lights to cause traffic jams.
i will lose it when they unironically manage to stumble into a economically more efficient train system that runs on solar or something, no high speed, just extremely cost efficient so they cant even fuck it up.
good video as always but the US freight rail system is good.    You do not distinguish Passenger rail,  non existent basically,  vs all rail network.   In US long distance goods are transported by rail at a rate 250% more than in Europe.  makes sense with the size of the US and  population density  much lower than in Europe.
Wait why is your outro music from age of empires 2?
Cars are cars, trains are trains. Don't make trains like a cars. The mindset is like make flying cars instead of just use helicopters.  How much do you love your cars.
This is my favourite video of yours, and here's why: You actually added information I was completely unaware of with a very easy to understand and funny way. You managed to give in depth information that honestly only people that work in the environment would be able to... I couldn't google this information even if I wanted to.   Thank you
I'm not sure you'd be blowing out windows at 550km/h, but it's still well into compressible flow... NOT the best idea for a land vehicle.
Your music selection is top tier, good sir
the uk train operators seem to think you can run an entire rail network with no staff. no conductors or ticket offices?
No, the FDP is not under the direct control of Porsche and you should probably be careful with information you read in the TAZ, because you could just as well ask the RAF for their opinion and get the same result.
Given current levels of technology and industrial capacity, every citizen should be able to afford a car that can run on muti layer traffic jam free highways, if not a some kind of vtol machine. But instead we got slightly faster trains....
all this waste of money and talent, it would have been better to bring all this investment money and just give it to  university students? fund their projects for the nation.
Most shocking news for every french ppl is that the sncf is apparently in the top 10 of the most on time trains ? There's litteraly à nation wide joke about how it's not the case lmao
the bit about german trains hit me right in the soul. i have to commute by train twice a week and the amount of stations i've been dumped at because the train got cancelled MID-TRIP... is higher than I'd like.  Existing trains already suck. Let's not make them worse. Please.
I am curious @AdamSomething would it be possible to do high speed rail underground, or is that very inconvenient?
10:11 STARSECTORRRRRRRR!!!
People dependent on their cars is 100 times better than what's happening with the California rail lol
NotjustBikes always points to the Netherlands as some sort of public transport and infrastructure walhalla. The graph you pulled up about punctuality @7:22 also insinuates this.  Even though trains are very punctual, compared to other countries, my problem with them is price.  If you want to go from amsterdam to the other end of the country, Winterswijk, it'll cost €28,17 for a single journey.  A return costing two singles €56,34.  That cost scales liniarly per travel companion.  So if you and your 3 mates want a daytrip to Amsterdam collectively you'll shell out €225.36  The same distance by car, 162km, will cost you €20,52, assuming at least 15km per liter of gasoline, and a liter costing €1,9. Meaning the round trip costs you €41,04.  Now if you go with your 3 mates the cost doesnt scale. is still €41,04.  Yes you need to park, which will set you back about €25 so now the total Journey cost is, €66,04.  Thats way too big of a price difference for it to make sense.  The whole point of public transport should be to reduce journey cost, especially when travelling in groups!  Even in going by yourself the price difference is only €10 in favour of trains, thats only 20% cheaper. Not enough to incentivise people to take the train instead of car.  Especially if you take into account that driving a lighter vehicle by yourself will be more in range of 20km per liter and that you can find cheaper spots to park a bit further out. I know that there are other costs to the car, maintenance, depreciation, insurance and road tax that we didnt take into account, but you dont have enough consistent data to spread those costs out per KM, unlike rail companies who have loads of usage data that should be fairly consistent. However, generally you wouldnt own a car unless you need it to get to work.  So you will be fine paying for those fixed costs already so i dont think its justified to add them in this journey cost.
Not to mention that the TGV already CAN go 550kph, the only reason they don't do it is everything mentioned here
So you said the automation system is quite advanced, but then you didn't give any specific reason why you could not automatise the whole thing (e.g. amount of interventions by rail drivers per 100 km driven or something like this..). What about remote controlling a train? With a abundant cellular service / satellite coverage would it be possible for one person to control multiple trains from a centralised rail traffic management center somewhere?
Every animal returns to Crab. Every infrastructure develops to Train.
Wow, this time the reinvented wheel was ALMOST a circle!
In some countries, like France, trains are already battery driven in certain sections that are without power rails.
As an indian you will never know my pain on going on Mumbai Local
No one:  Tech Bros: Allow me to introduce my solution to something that already works
These ideas are so annoyingly dumb, that Adams anger is wonderfully relaxing.
Good analysis of the FDP, everything said. The only german party that isnt dependend on industry money is die Linke aka the Left. So tell your german friends to considere that while voting.
I think tech bro should retake their classes in physics, statistics, and probability.
But Adam, those pods are looking sleek and fast :D
*Is a Video about Trains, Systems and Logistics.*  *Sees a crop of Starsector.*  "This has to be some sort of autism..."
I just came from a Train my good the google spywere is going crazy 😮
The wall calendar joke did not go unappreciated.
Do you have any thoughts on Polish mega project called STH - Solidarity Transport Hub? It pretty much divided our country in half because of the politics who came up with idea.  Video about it would be appreciated.
Me listening to this as a Czech guy nodding away to all thats being said just to be like "OI" at 6:14
10:09 Do you play Starsector by any chance?
lamo even the whole "hyperpod" shit was more realistic then this.
😂😂❤
We do not need faster trains, we need trains that get on time, and like you said, the possible speed of the train is not the reason they get late.
Next time I screech about my train taking 7 minutes to arrive when it said it should be here in 5 minutes, I will think of the Germans and down a grog.
As a Hungaryan, I love how you used our wery mutch messed upp railway system to show just how mutch better it is than.... That oversized supersonix sextoy or whatever.
Wow I am massively surprised that there are countries where the train service is even worse than Germany
Great video, but one mistake in your calculation about the amount of pods needed to replace conventional trains: (in the theory they proposed) they are supposed to go faster, so they would arrive quicker and return quicker so they would be able to go 2-3 times in the time the train does the trip once. Still not a viable idea
Watch The Pod™ fly off track at 550kph once it came in contact with any slight curve
daymn he roasted that train-pod
What is your opinion on the Transrapid?
12:15 AoE II. Man of a culture :)
Its kinda wild standing on the exact track hes showing while watching this
You should invent something better man, really stick it to them
StarCraft music baby 10:09
I love how you were shit talking germany and then this image came up with my country being the only below germany XD 7:18
Happy train guy noises 😂😂😂
Is that a game "10:10" ?
StarCraft Terran music for freight? That works.
Me, being czech: 6:13 oh come on Adam!!!
They missed a trick by not promising to base the protocols for prioritising the pods on the blockchain.   Would’ve reeled in a few more venture capital dollars.
Honestly the shape of that pod gives the game away. It's the same psychology as the one behind Burj Khalifa, just horizontal. -_-
I was not prepared for the czech slander, but I definetly shouldve been because its true :'(
i dont think treating these ideas with the seriousness adam provides is very helpful, because i dont think the actual engineering idea is what these types of companies are selling. they split available funding, block more helpful but uninteresting projects from getting chosen, and waste efforts of maintenance and growth of infrastructure. Its a tool of wealthy individuals that profit from the car infrastructure.
now i want salmon sushi
Surprisingly, there is one self-driving train in action in the world. It's in Germany, I think it was a S-Bahn or some other city train.
Don't you dare shittalking our tradition of crashing trains :D
Interesting video. I have never watched a video about trains before, but this seemed pretty interesting.
WHY does EVERYTHING have to be "A pOd"?
I mean, magrail does very much exist... but building it into existing tracks sounds silly. * and making it pods is about as silly.
If you put a lot of people in your new "deep tech" vehicle, it doesn't feel "exclusive" or "trendy". 100% the reason why they make it so small every time
Hey buddy, want to use EXISTING rail infrastructure to have trains go 550 km/h ? Come to East Europe and you will change your mind quick.
Its almost like they forgot about the other low capacity high speed transport that goes between cities, PLANES.
Planes:
im from germany. And yes, youre right. At the moment i dont care if my train gets me where i want in 2 or 4 hours, i care about not destroying my wallet. we got the 49Euro Ticket (yes, we call it that way) which allows us to ride everthing but high speed rain in the whole country. And from personal experience, i take a slower train that i dont need a 80euro ticket for, because getting there 1 hour early is not enough to justify the ticket. so yeah, dont get the speed up, get cost down
4:09 Father's Day was last month bro xd
As a German, we couldn't afford this even if we wanted to simply because the Finance ministry is in the hands of the FDP and every investment that does not benefit the rich or the car industry would be shot down.  Oh, and because the DB is already struggling to renew its infrastructure - some of which dates back to fucking 1880.
Designed by people who never used a train in there live
Tech startups don't exist to create intelligent, impactful technologies or newer, better systems. They exist to take venture capitalists money and then go bust.
I love your channel and all but I’m disappointed that you didn’t motivate your audience to go vote in the EU elections. Without the proper people voting we won’t have good rail.
Goddamnit, you just made me want to play Starcraft.
Nice video. Aren't the French actively sabotaging the signalling system?
When I'm sitting in a train and another train goes by even at regular fast speed on the adjacent rails, I feel the initial impact.  I think, the solution to all this high speed train topic is, you just have to live in an urban area. I can easily take the regular train to any nearby city and I'll be there in a few minutes or maybe 1 or 2 hours. I don't have to cross the continent.
Watching this from train in Poland.   just... just make trains run roughly on schedule, man...
god I wish trains were real. Alas a rich guy has yet to explain how to fund them.
Czechia is running their trains into each other(?!)
very informative. tjanks!!
Babe wake up, Adam Something is humiliating tech bros again!
as a Pole, I feel ashamed
At this point these projects *have* to be for money laundering or something
And now in the latest cutting edge transportation technology innovation business marketing: "How to die in a fiery explosion because your train-pod hit a bump, became a temporary airplane, and hit a building at half the speed of sound." Truly a level of mind-boggling stupidty that could only have been inspired by Hyperloop.
I'll say it again: AOE 2 gameplay channel when?
for being so smart they sure are lead headed
I feel like they made this entire pod concept so that Adam would destroy it live on YouTube lol😂
Dear Adam, You say you support government services that benefit everyone, but you don't want to give every thief 1km of copper wires. Curious - Turning point magnet pod
*Post more videos of your cat!*
Tech bros out  making a high speed train made of lifting bodies
How come there is not a single Tech Bro that understands Metal Fatigue??
John Muir
Shoulda looked at history; the Schienenzeppelin actually made these look good  I mean aesthetically
All this tells me how we are so late capitalism it hurts, now we are just pretending we haven't already built this stuff yet. A "hyper-pod railway!" You mean a train? What's next a Pod in the sky (aka an airplane). Holy moly.
I feel sorry for British Rail at this point, they built a working prototype Hovertrain which is basically a pod but they were 50 years too early for any tech bros to commission CGI of it
oh dear heavens this easy and fast transportation will make sure my cattle and haybale be transported to the south surely more faster than wagons!
Couldn't we just advance tech enough to make driverless trains possible or is that harder than it sounds? It seems like its already pretty close.
Train tracks in maine are everywhere, they're just Permanent pot holes, the train companies are kept alive through tax writeoffs while my car suspension dies every year. Truckers do everything better and cheaper than a train does
It's always great when we realize we all just live under different flavors of managed democracy 🤦‍♂️
German rail (Deutsche Bahn) is a company where the state owns all the shares. It is not a state owned and run service, but explicitly a business, it's almost-privatisation. That's why it sucks so bad. A business has to make profit or at least don't go bankrupt, so they cut costs, cut personell, cut maintenence, cut less popular routes. They hike up the prices, the service gets worse, less people are driving by trains, so they have to cut more, raise prices more, less people are driving by trains, etc. None of that is news. Every economist who's brain didn't get eating by neoliberal brain worms could have told germany that. Rail cannot be run as a private business. But they did it anyway. So Volkswagen could sell even more Golfs.
I saw the title and was like: pods. Probably pods again.
Man, idk whether this directly brings value to my life, but it's hella entertaining 😂 Wish you the best ❤
Elon Musk called Hyperloop a "5th mode of transportation" but it's really just a different kind of train and his "future train" is something that he didn't invent because it was invented 100 years prior.  He conned people and the state of California to abandon HSR when he was promoting Hyperloop.
Dude you should work for them, help them with all these problems for a shiny $.
As German I can only say i do not need to be fast only punctual and comfortable to enjoy the ride
10:11 ATLAS SUPER FREIGHTER LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO!!!
Who else had a “wait a minute” moment what the StarCraft music came on in the background at about 10:30?
The methodology of techbros is to use their privilege and preexisting wealth to make massive profits without actually having any skills or talents and not creating anything new.
will you make a video about Leopold Aschenbrenner's (ex openAI employee) essay?  I only read the blog post for now and I have already found three cases of Elon-level bullshit
Next-up from tech-bro land: Self-drive cars: the cars you can drive yourself, rather than having to pay a chauffeur to drive it for you like everyone does now! Innovative!
11:35 *HE ALMOST* admitted that the roma "people" are thieves...Almost.. Who else in Europe goes around stealing copper wires and metals? 🤔
*WHAT IF* ...WE Make it suspended above the surface...and only use 1 track? A mono-maglev-train, we should call it.
While the dig at Amtrak (and VIA) is valid, control systems in the U.S. and Canada do still need to be pretty sophisticated for all the freight traffic that runs on rails. Some ecological catastrophes (I don’t use that phrase lightly) and tragic accidents in the latter half on the 20th century were the catalyst for such systems implementation.
I was mega surprised that German trains are more delayed than the Czech ones. There is a funny reading of abbreviation ČD as čekejte dlouho (wait long time), but DB makes this joke unjustified. Where is telltale German punctuality? Well at least their trains don't crash as often, do they..? The latest case in Pardubice (shown in the video) was a total disaster...
Well, you called it!
love the Wii background music
Cable theft, i wonder who does it? Certainly not Adam's something people he spend a whole video telling us why disliking them is bigotted.
Can any one tell the name of the Techno song in the beginning?
Just build a dam Maglev Train. Its ready since 1991 and waitiiiing. Germany please. Out roadnetwork is f'ed anyway, crent plans say it will be ready in 2070. Just build ONE nice track like hamburg berlin and see the "future" unfold. Green party will save the planet by cutting co2 everywhere but rather wants to fly than have a fast train that saves co2, can be used electric and is even faster than a plane. no boarding needed.
Why does every techbro previsual of their project just look like stolen assets from Mass Effect?
It's the AI Pin of Trains
France ponctuality is absolute and utter shit, they are every single times late, I took train 8 times last year, and believe me or not, each one of them where late, ok its 10 to 30mins,  but when you paid your Paris-Bordeaux TGV 80€, you want a semblance of ponctuality.
Hey! That german political party, FDP, has the same acronym in PT-BR of something that you'll find really fun by the context! (EDIT: STARSECTOR SHIP HYPE!!!)
10:09 STARSECTOR SPOTTED Of course Adam has great taste in Space Games
Let's be real, what these guys want is a private jet on the ground.
550 km/h on European tracks - disaster waiting around the bend, not to mention the amount of electricity needed. The German railway system is broken because for decades the transport ministry was run by parties with a C (for Christian, I assume) in their name. These guys had and have strong connections to VW resp. VAG, Daimler-Benz, BMW. In other words, tracks were dismantled and/or not maintained, staff was reduced to the point where it was barely enough for normal operations, trains were not modernised, etc. P.s. Love your channel, entertaining as educating. Pp.'s. I´ve become allergic to the word pod.
As an American, I agree. Our rail system is kinda a joke.
I want that calender 😂
Both Age of Empires II and Starcraft music? Adam sure likes his classic RTS games.
Wasn’t expecting AOE2 music on a train video. A welcome surprise!
I was looking forward to see a comparison with some actual, serious MagLev projects (like the one in Shanghai) but I got distracted by the rail driver shortage thing. How can I apply? I'm doing to driving a train anywhere in Europe. I'll settle for driving a train here in Argentina, to be honest, though that's not happening anytime soon.
@AdamSomething proving once again the efficiency of capitalism. Our g0vernments full of leeches are still better than the most advanced tech bro dreams 😊
10:08 wait is that the fuckin starsector megafreighter ship?
Bro the StarCraft music is so nostalgic thank u
0:42 words fail me to describe how much this picture angers me oh yeah it's really bound to the PHYSICAL LIMITATIONS of steel on steel. surely there never was a steel on steel train capable of exceeding that arbitrary 550 kph mark on existing infras -OH HELLO V150, WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE  I love whenever they do that "oh this is 190 year old technology" as if it's a bad thing, like "here's why we shouldn't be investing in this technology that's extremely well understood by engineers and that has gone through a number of breakthroughs and incremental changes over the last 2 centuries"
I do want to point out that America has been highly developed rail network with extremely high levels of traffic.. It's just freight. Not passenger service.
You hit the problem with German Rail right to the point xD.  Ah and do not forget that after a certain point of being late, the ICE will not continue to its target destination, but will instead turn around so we are not late for the passengers traveling back.  Thanks for nothing DB!
Please cover the metals company which is trying to mine the deep sea floor and destroy the environment in the name of the environment. I really wish more people saw this.
So you're saying that all technological improvements for the train network are basically useless because were trying to use modern cars on a medieval gravel roads.
as a german, i can confirm that christian linder has a little Porsche in his head that revvs everytime he thinks about something to do with money (he is the minister of finance)
So: Nevomo was founded in April 2017 under its original name Hyper Poland as a spin-off of a team of university students of Warsaw University of Technology. The student team had successfully participated in the Hyperloop Pod Competition II competition organized by *SpaceX* in California.  That explains a lot.
I took the ICE today for a 10 minute one stop commute I do daily, usually by regional train. There is one ICE every day and I always wanted to try it out. The fun thing is since it's running in the same tracks as the regional train it's exactly as fast (stopping an ICE in two small cities 20 kilometres apart might not be the best use case)  The German rail net has as you said room for improvement.  The funny thing is, ICE trains are capable of speeds over 320 km/h but only when on French high speed rail. It's awesome to zoom through France at these speeds.
It would work in France and you could even paint it to look like a baguette
Huh, I'm Polish and I've never heard of that... and Polish media usually swallows tech startups like bait and overrepresent them while lauding them, because "patriotism".
TBH, once we have driverless trains, we would be a step closer to the dream, personal driverless SSTO personal rockets, because I can't think of a more convenient and efficient method of transportation than going to orbit and then falling on top of your destination while pointing the boosters retrograde. Yes, I mean landing a rocket on its boosters moon landing style instead of with parachute.
How about EM loss and heating? It'll burn up the track with high frequency at that speed.
14:15 - AI??….the thing that regularly generates pictures of people with extra or too few fingers? That AI?  Fuck. Sell it to Russia. That’ll destroy their country in 2 days and finally end this stupid war.
It truly hurts to hear the sad truth about Deutsche Bahn and about this particular political person over & over again… and you didn't even mention our Verkehrsminister (yep, F.D.P. as well)
When I used to travel with trains, they were slow. And I kinda liked the slow travel.  The rumbling of the wheels on the tracks, the hum of the engine, and the warning blasts from the horn, all while I can gaze out the windows and see the landscapes go by. If it was faster, I wouldn't be able to enjoy the ride as much. Because it's not the destination thats important to me, but the journey.
So if I want to merge and make my delivery I have to worry about a bullet not paying attention.
I knew tech bros were full of it when they introduced the "solar tree" as a "new innovation" on solar panels.  Never mind that MOST of the panels on a "solar tree" go completely unused, and a traditional flat solar panel on a rotating mechanism will use 100% of it's surface most efficiently by just tracking the sun throughout the day.  Now they want to mine the ENTIRE sea floor, under the misguided notion that it won't hurt anything there and under the logic it's "less harmful than mining the surface"... as if mining companies are actually going to stop mining the surface.  They'll just do BOTH.  And then you've got Musk's neurolink, which just passed the milestone of reinventing tech we already had over two decades ago, but this time without basic medical safety and moral guidelines in place.  These idiots want to take us to the Star Trek future without the Star Trek society that made that stuff good and not dystopian nightmares.
oh my fucking god adam something made a Neverhood reference im shitting my pants
You and your channel do a great public service
I love how your accent made youtube auto captions interpret "pods" as "BS" and it's still accurate
Acctual physical pain at  7:22 seeing my country at the bottom
We truly live in "The Era of Bulls*itters". Everything is either a grift or pseudo science from random rich people not bullied enough to know better. Invest in my All Tech Mega church, tho..
Tech-bros are obsessed with the idea "faster = better", but let me tell you a tale why that isn't always the case and why plans to use the Transrapid maglev train that's even faster than the ICE in Germany were canceled as inefficient.  Back in 1981, France opened their first high-speed Paris-to-Lyon rail line for their TGV, which became a financial success. Naturally, we Germans wanted our own sleek marvel of train engineering: The first German Intercity Express (ICE) ran in 1991. Why had it taken 10 years of development, planning, and construction time? Because German engineers & city planners did the math beforehand and realized: - With the ICE potentially (more on that later) able to reach speeds of 330 km/h, they had to build entirely new rail track beds that could withstand stronger vibrations. -  The higher the speed the straighter the route has to be or you risk losing the train in a curve, hence entirely new routes and tracks had to be planned and laid in many places.  - Higher speed = more windshear, hence existing train tracks were too close together for an ICE to pass another train safely.  But most importantly, something came up which had nothing to do with engineering but _distances:_ France is bigger than Germany, also Germany is more densely populated and its cities are closer together. *Oftentimes, by the time the German ICE has reached its maximum speed it already needs to brake and slow down again as it approaches its next stop!*  Unless you want to build high-speed routes that solely go North-South from Berlin or Hamburg to Munich (Bavaria) or Rome (Italy), or from Paris (France) to Brussels (Belgium) to the Ruhrpott urban megaplex in western Germany and east to Prague (capital of Poland) or Warsaw (capital of Czech Republic), _with absolutely no stops in between for many hundreds of kilometers_ and on which only the ICE is allowed to run, the ICE can't even fully utilize its speed within Germany. (ICE is still faster than the standard trains that connect smaller towns to cities, but YKNWIM.) And as mentioned in the video, different European countries use different rail track distances for historical reasons.   Hence why the plan of using the even faster Transrapid maglev train in Germany was canned. What would be the point? Instead we Europeans sold the Transrapid concept to nations like China which have vastly larger distances between its ever growing urban population centers.
Slow trains or no german automobiles?  Easy choice.
10:09 Did I see an Atlas-class cargo ship ????
It will be still very useful for short to medium distance travel between towns.
If I can give them any credit, adapting existing rails into maglev rails instead of building a whole new track seems like a good idea, though there is the issue of what you're going to do with the existing non-maglev trains as well as how, physically, you're actually going to do that.  Edit; ok nvm traffic
i do NOT want our tracks to look like lionel fastrack bruh 😭🙏
10:27 cuz we need it now!!!!
Gosh even I knew there was going to be at least one derailment it’s really obvious
6:14 we do not talk about Czech trains Each time I use it (because it's an international train and it starts in my country) I loose faith in humanity of how awful and old it is
Seems like “startup” scam to collect investment money and go bankrupt
Can we just replace all the tech bros with AI?
If you don't strike oil in the first minute of talking stop boring... can't believe I lasted 4 minutes of this boring video 🥱 I guess i'll never know what you hate about tech bro's inventing trains.
I work as an assistant for a company specialized in software running on trains, and the modern techbros have absolutely no idea just how many failsafes, regulations, interconnected systems and plain ol' human ingenuity is required to manufacture a good train control system. Autonomous driving trains are still strongly coupled to local or remote controls not because they're obsolete, but because while humans are fallible, they're also pretty good at spotting problems way before they can arise on the track. Don't get me wrong, having an automated system for smooth braking and following cruise speeds under speed limits is great, but there's a reason why all non-developing countries have heaps of manuals of human-controlled subsystems required to get the choo-choos running.
Well, I’m waiting for the suited rails then. 😂Haha
they need to wait for ww3 so they can rebuild all of the tracks from scratch again lol
Oh look they gave serbia to bulgaria 5:35 . Cool, thanks.
even on BART, a system designed from the ground up to be really really technically ambitious with trains that operate themselves, we still have train operators -- the refined systems still screw up from time to time, and someone has to deal with it, and someone *has* to be responsible for the souls onboard these things
"Pod" as a word for a single, stand-alone carriage. Looks more like a railbus to me.
Calling FDP "a libertarian" party tells you how much clue Adam Marx about German politics.
Yeah, america sucks when it comes to trains. They went with the car and destroyed everything else that would be competition. The end result, we have nothing else to rely on but a expensive car.
Adam, I love how salty you are about all of these tech bros and their stupid pods 😂 Great video!
australia has driverless freight trains actually
😍 Terran One at 10:08
The german railway analysis hit a little too hard and too accurately 😅
the issue is main character syndrome. these techbros all think they are smarter than everyone else.
They don't learn, eh?  But as long as clueless government and investors  keep pumping money into these schemes, they will exist.
6:05 OMG! DB NAVIGATOR!
Fun fact about trains: In the beginning of 2000's the Swedish railway system changed the definition of late trains from five mins to 15 mins and booom, almost no late trains anymore! Soooo convenient! (I don't know if they changed it back to five mins again since...)
Bingo! Adam is angry with České dráhy 🎉🎉🎉
Let me preface this by saying I agree with you in general. But the driverless has been done, check out the REM in Montreal!
The biggest impediment to any serious HSR in the U.S. is that the freight companies own all the tracks. If America ever seriously embraces HSR, we will have to build an entirely separate rail system (not a bad thing), like France, otherwise you might as well just take Amtrak. Given the size of the country, it will be a long, expensive process.
Nevomo was initially called Hyper Poland and they took massive taxpayer funded grants for their "research". Research on hyperloop, naturally.
10:01 ... _side-eyeing the simpleton orient express trains ...
What do you think of the Transrapid?
I thought you were going to do that video that'a floating around Facebook, where a techbro company wants to make pods that can carry up to four adults on old disused tracks; and the kicker is, each pod balances on only one side of the track so you can have bidirectional service. They even have a prototype in the video, where the thing travels at jogging pace (with nobody in it).
Idk why these people rag on our train "problem" like shii we dont use trains mofo, we use cars and buses and planes. That intermediate step of trains is just not used.
theres also the fun complication that at super high speeds, rubber becomes rock hard, and steel has a tendency to shatter like glass. Its not that 500KMPH hasnt been done before on regular concrete sleeper rail, it has, "Project V150" for example holds a record at 574.8, however the modifications and repeated gradual testing were extensive, not exactly as simple as just sending' it. Zero margin for safety aside, the power requirements are absolutely absurd, the dominant majority of energy losses from air friction over the flat parallel surfaces alone, but only since the train has to be several cars long to have enough traction to fight the nose and tail drag.
Traffic is not the problem in Germany, it's Deutsche Bahn. One of the worst companies (if not THE worst) in the country.
Okay, I'm 90 seconds into this video and, like, doesnt this company realise that train tracks are built for a particular speed? The curvier the track, the lower the potential speed you can travel on it. You cant just take an existing track with 80kph curves and blast through it at 300kph, your passengers would black out.
you've seen car pods, bus pods, drone pods, house pods, taxi pods and underground rail pods, now get ready for...  train.
Speed Pods, Living Pods, Car Pods, Freight Pods, Sea Pods, etc....   I can't wait for Tech Bros to discover vibrators and call them "Pleasure Pods"   Now if you excuse me I'm gonna put on my air pods and try to get rid of the cringe that these people are giving me.
Ma! Get the gun, the techbros invented trains again!
"We should make it go 550kph!" "Cool. if you care to look out the window, we have this thing called geography. It disagrees."
What a world to be alive!
The dual-use of maglev and traditional rails might lead to a tiny improvement. Their design is still completely useless, but the magnetic third rail might be a way to power already existing high speed trains on their fastest sections to reduce wear on the pantographs. Maybe we could also make some of the already existing maglevs capable of using the traditional rail network at normal speeds in order to reduce costs a bit. But even those points are some big maybes
In fact, they actually envisioned a train; a single car EMU
What's with the obsession with pods? Even when I came up with a sci-fi concept for an ai-controlled, rocket-propelled, magnetic train, I still gave it connected carriages. Why a fucking pod?
I don't need speed. I need a bed, good internet connection, maybe put a gay bar in there or an art gallery or something, o maybe a museum
What's with these bros and pods? EFFING PODS EVERY EFFING TIME.
Norwegian here, our rail systems struggle enough with regular speeds. I sincerely hope the government (which is prone to fall for stupid ideas if they’re sugarcoated enough) never hears of a techbro’a train revolution plan.
I like Starcraft music
half life 2 asset spotted 10:50
8:15 Notable detail: The FDP currently has the ministries for transport and finance.
Adam's urbanism content is his good content
This guy should change his name to buzz kill .
Tech bro does mean the opposite of what you would think it means. I thought it meant a well educated engineer or software developer who know how "things" work. Instead, it seems to mean an ignorant tech fanatic, out of touch with reality because he relies so much on tech that he already regressed into a subhuman state.
Lost me when citing the fuckin TAZ about the FDP. Thats like consulting fox news when it comes to the democrat party.
lol Imagine having your passion project be ultimately dismantled like this. Ooof. Amazing work as always tho, Adam
LMAO!!!😂😂😂
My 10-year-old me once invented the All-Car. It is a pod which can drive on roads, fly, float on water and dive underwater.  It travels in high speed. The maximum capacity is one family. It will solve all trafic problems. The project is in the phase of looking for investors. Wanna join?
Wooohooo Poland!
I know what is the problem of tech bros thinking speed = good. As Adam described, if you had supply chain and planing - you pretty much set up. But that's the problem - PLANING. today's tech bros grow up on internet with instant gratification, news come and go in an instant. They got FOMO so deep, they think if idea is good enough, you will get richer than everyone if you are the first to it. That's it. If you got really good idea, it will stay for long time, and if you get the best chain of producing the idea/product - you set up. But that involve planing, commitment, stability, confidence. In other words - struggle. And tech bros have no time for struggle.
DEEP STATE.. ADAM YOU DEEP STATE QUIT PLAYING and ROBOT US A SPACE DOHIKY
Is there really an oldschool film filter over the whole video?
Well looking at all the projects backed by the former ruling party I'm not surprised this one is also a scam to launder money from the eu just like the CPK project that is an interesting topic for a video as well
I was wondering whether you'd mention the recent crash.  Overworked train drivers are just one of the issues plaguing our services, but I uironically love them, especially ČD. They will get me almost everywhere. Yes, they're unprofitable and still not that cheap, but I dread the eventuality of them being privatised... we'd be like Britain and nobody wants that. Partial privatisation might help, though I've had some terrible experience with Arriva buses. Their trains were fine.
I was not prepared to all the feelings from StarCraft and Age of Empires soundtracks
High speed rail is a good way forward but it also has to deal with many problems: you need new to integrate the tracks into the topography of the terrain, the existing cities, towns and villages and the already existing infrastructure, like highways and other rails as well as thousands of regular roads. It is not an easy task to build a high speed train station in an existing city without putting the station too far from the city nor having to demolish a strip of land inside the city. Many countries, especially in Europe, have a landscape with high density network of towns and villages with very little to no option how to draw a straight line though it. As said in the video, highers speeds requiere less turns and the lower the number of possible turns the higher the difficulty to fit it beteween existing buldings and traffic. You can get rid of the houses  by demolishing them but that requires forced evictions and destruction of entire communities - and those people will fight back. And there are buldings you cannot demolish like historical monuments... and most villages in my country (Czechia) have at least one.   The current speed l is very often limited not not by the available technology, but by all the things that are in the way of the proposed rail, the burreaucratic difficulties of such a complex project and the extremely high cost of construction. We need to build high speed rails nevertheless, it is worth the costs. But the technology already exists, we just need to find the way how to realise it. Such a project is always about finding the equilibrium between the efficiency on one hand and the cost to the enviroment, humans and the wallets on other.   The proposed "invention" do not solve any of these problems but create bunch of new.  And every sane person know you cannot drive 500km/h on the existing rails. That is just not physically posible.
Man this entire thing was so funny to watch, I've never heard of these pods before but the way you dismantled the concept bit by bit, I loved that. I never considered how much engineering went into building train tracks and the stuff around it, but as soon as you mentioned things like the curvature of the rails only allowing cerstain speeds and literally everything that ends up next to a passing train needing to be able to withstand it, it immediately made sense.   I can't believe the inventors of these pods went straight into their design process without properly scoping out what they were working with, first! Sure, I've never planned a train before, either, but I know that it can't be easy! If it was, we'd have loads of people running around with ideas *and,* most importantly, they would already be implemented!   Considerate planning will save you time in the end!  Anyways, rambling's over, thank you for the cool video lmao
You can achieve anything within the world of CGI. Nevomo understands the real world only through the lens of CGI instead of reality itself.
Instead of a faster train, i just want my town to have a normal rail connection so I could actually use the train system, and not drive 60km to the nearest station before I can hop on a train
I love train but not this pod thing….
Kiszel Tünde... :D :D Brilliant.
This is probably just as shit of an idea as you say it is, but I have to wonder how a monolithic vehicle handles differently than a traditional train at high speeds.
Demolished!
Americans who will defend their terrible railway system because "our country is bigger than Europe" should check railway system in Russia
"literally Death Stranding"  lol
The two countries with the most advanced maglev train technology: Japan's Maglev is facing problems of cost, passenger flow, noise, local protectionism, etc., and construction is extremely slow. China also faces similar problems. For now, China railway would rather build a new conventional 400km/h high-speed railway than a completely incompatible maglev system. Meanwhile, some random Polish tech bro:🤓☝
Tech bros don't want scalable rail infrastructure, they want private jets on the ground.
there are scheming idiots in all industries. Dr. Christmas would be an excellent example of this fact. Tex Talks History did a wonderful video on this person, as an exclamation point for one of the points of this excellent current AdamSomething video. Also I'm surprised Tech Bros don't suggest yeeting freight and passengers with a cannon or catapult
tech bros want all the convenience of rail transport, without the uncouth hordes of peasants being visible to them, hence the pods being a recurring theme.
they invented a train that can't take curve
Even the Shanghai Maglev can reach a top speed of 450km/h but has only an average speed of 250km/h🤣
I am 1 minute in and my whole body has reacted violently and I'm extremely concerned.
They managed to come up with the idea of a shitty train, that only theoretically might be a little faster but is worse everywhere else by orders of magnitude. There really is a thing called free money...
They really think the reason we don't have more high-speed trains is because nobody has invented the technology yet... Not even close.
Every time I hear about one of these ideas, I become more and more convinced that everyone in Silicon Valley loathes working class people.
Pump and Dump
You could avoid this by flying the celera 500L❤😂
If they so badly want pods that go really fast, they could eliminate the idea of traveling on the ground entirely. The ground is just a safety hazard at the kinds of speeds they're talking about. Put wings on the pods and have them fly through the air at 900 km/h.  What, we have that already? Well, looks like your innovation isn't needed, techbros. You can go back home to mine some more Bitcoin, or whatever it is you do on your free time.
To please everyone, why not cover all the trains in a wrap that looks futuristic with only a few window apertures and a door at , add a pod snout and tail. Hey presto a real train that looks like a tech bro fever dream.
I think the greatest improvement for any rail would be maximizing the frequency.  I mean, if I have to wait 30 mins on a train, then ride it for another 30 mins, then shortening my wait time by half will have greater impact than increasing speed from 160 to 240km/h.  In general doubling max speed will not cut the time in two, cause of the stops and time needed to slow down and accelerate - so its diminishing returns.   So it seems that unifying and improving control systems is the way to go both as a step towards automation and decrasing minimum intervals between trains.   If we achieve automation, then probably trains will get smaller (more trains per hour might mean less seats per train are needed) but more frequent, or at least I think this would be best when increasing the convenience of travel.
As a french hearing the word "punctuality" about our train service is hilarious.
We could have trains travelling at the speed of light here in Sweden and you would still be 3 hours late because it didn't depart on time.
Looks like a variant on the Seraphim concept of the late 90s.
7:00   German railway is kinda shit.   As a german, i feel insulted.  you are WAYY too nice to german railway. its an absolute hot mess, pure garbage and about to fall apart :D
Polish company "invented" this? lol But we have railsystem that is okayish for normal only trains, most of crossings with roads aren't monitored or are supposed to be but it's broken and main company PKP best what it can do is sending a passanger train with 3 wagons (when it was supposed to  be 8) at convinient 3AM in Wednesday (but train was supposed to arrive at 8AM, Monday, previous month).
You know, i'm kinda tired of those super high tech on every techbro project. Imagine anyone of them actually developing a dieselpunk-styled gritty-looking train or other piece of machinery that actually looks competent. Investors would've made the guy a billionaire way before realising the functionality is still trash XD
Poor MÁV trains at the lowest speed 2:00 not saying its untrue, its just sad
Why call them tech bros if they're marketeers and BS artists? Admittedly, there is overlap.
Tech bro nonsense aside, it was a genuinely informative video on the various problems high-speed rail can encounter. Now it makes more sense why countries take a while to prepare those lines.
your content warms my engineer heart
5:25 Bulgaria annex Serbia
at this point i wanna see adam come up with his own completely BS unrealistic idea that sounds just promising enough to a layman, and just farm the free money
When you mentioned the trains would be using existing railways some major warning alarms went off in my head. I might not be all that knowledgeable when it comes to rail locomotives, but it sounds like a real bad idea putting additional stuff on rails that undergo lots of force and stress. Would probably result in massive increases in cost when it comes to repair.
There needs to be a Geneva convention for the creation of recreational, transport and housing designs and systems. This is just absurd
Isn't it weird that the most mountainous countries, Switzerland and Japan, has the best punctuality? I'd like a deep dig into that.
fun
This is just a ploy to take money from EU funds. There are tens of thousands of people of Europe who do not but invent stupid ideas to steal money from EU taxpayers.
Whereas I agree regarding most of this - the linear motor shunting may very well work. There have previously been automatic shunting systems based on gravity in the UK at least, and on freight yards normal railway regulations do not apply, there isn't anything saying you can't have autonomous operation. The London DLR has had driverless operation since the 80s.
Bonus points for Starcraft music!
What would happen if one of those things hit a deer?  Boson/Higgs particles?
Can you make a video about at least the benefis of using cars? Like I dont get how its a better alternative to trains when it comes to stuff like buying large groceries, large item shopping (rx: you cant carry a bought appliance by hand through train. Thats very inconvenient), also long travel too, cars can also help you get some sleep in some parking lot if you need a quick rest.
More pot
If you were building a totally new rail network, from scratch, this could work. But Europe already has it's network in place. The challenge is to  improve it, not replace it.
I wonder how much the heads at Japan Rail laugh every time they see these scams.
I think maglevs that can run on normal rails to use existing stations, and have dedicated levitating tacks outside of cities make sense. It's a weird project, clearly trying to capitalize on hyperloop hype, and gets 80% funded by the EU
George Stephenson invented trains 2 miles from my house 200 years ago. He did such a good job, they still haven't replaced his design. Just thought I'd post here and boast about it!
polish people apologize. we are sorry
Thanks for providing great content, even at the cost of bruising my techbro fanboi feelings 😄
Will Wii background music be flagged for copyright?
This video made me play Factorio to build my own railway
I acctually quite like it how you argue that if you want to move fast you need lanes to overtaking each other... Sort of like on a highway, not efficient but fast!
Image being a tech bro….
Calling American long distance rail a “travelling exibition” was genius and absolutely broke me
It's not just delays from the slower trains that are the problem. The more important reason is that if you have a high-speed service on a mixed line you actually get fewer train paths because the high speed train even when running to timetable forces everything else to get out of its way. So, it brings down the number of passenger journeys possible and increases the overall journey time for most journeys. Rail Natter has good videos explaining this. Also, slabtrack use it not just about ballast flight. The damage caused to the ballast from the forces on high-speed lines means you would have to be continually maintaining it. So, slabtrack is cheaper / easier to use. It's also more consistent in holding track geometry, which is needed at higher speeds.
The rails are made for our pod and you commoners walk or get yourself a bicycle where you can fight on the road for survival.
US: Train sucks. US: Lets make train less efficient. US. Drives car every where. US: Complains that European train system is not appiicable in the US.
Nono wait, here me out this can still work! What if instead of rails, we put wings on them and had them fly ABOVE the trains! Then you wouldn't need any extra infrastructure! And as they run in parallel with the trains, we could call this new invention "Parallel Trains"... hmm, that's a bit of a mouthful... maybe we can shorten it to P.L.Ains! Perfect! 😂
The libertarian party is controlled by a mega corp…. O yeah that’s hits the dystopian feel just right.
Its hilarious that one of the biggest things holding back trains is that too many people drive
Make videos on Indian railways.
As someone who had a long Research and Product Development career in Rail, every rail "innovation" project from Silicon Valley or from other "start-ups" sounds like something straight from an Episode of Pinky and the Brain. 😂😂😂😂 They usually have no clue how railways/railroads work, no clue.
That AOE2 soundtrack 🫡
Me: missed the word "Polish" in video. Every Pole in comments: "I apologise on behalf of all of Poland."
if really need to make it high speed using current track condition, they better invent a WAY better suspension and bogie to cope with regular track condition and corners first before retrofiting the "maglev", even a typical maglev and high speed rail do strictly control the curve radius and banking limit in order to not being derailed due to huge centrifugal forces under high speed.  also a maglev build upon a regular steel rail do currently have a specific market, not in high speed but in steep slope layout which typical wheel propelled track can't properly push due to lack of friction and torque while rack/cable driven is simply too slow and tyre rail/monorail can't make heavier loaded tain.
aaay starsector! great game
8:01 Monnem ❤️
You think that the train wreck in Czech Republic is bad? You should see everything in this country. It's hold together by alcohol, spite and madness.
Waitaminit. Did he just say there's a German political party in cahoots with Porsche? I think I've heard this story before and it was quite unpleasant.
Adam has nightmares of being chased by tech bros in badly designed pods on existing rail lines.
But, but, but... there's a really cool 3D animation showing it working and how cool it is! Adam is just a naysayer not thinking like a genius.
Just to further emphasize the fact that most freight does not need high speed rail. Switzerland is considering building a new underground cargo network linking Switzerland's largest cities together (Cargo Sous Terrain). Meant to be completely self driving, it's maximum speed would be just 30km/h! The project has generated a lot of interest among business leaders.
As a German, I can confirm 8:22  Unfortunately.
Germany is the best example that you can't have a privatized train system cause everybody will still drive their car themselves because you can't get anywhere with bus and Bahn because the trains in villages go only once an hour and if you still want to save the planet by train you will have to deal with lots of waiting for trains that will be late or won't arrive at all.. the struggle you go through if you need to go everywhere with train is something
I lost my shit at "it's the fucking pods again"
This type of content is a drug if you find yourself watching this more  than once a week seek therapy before it is too late. It is all worst human traits plus bad ideas from bros.
That Star sector ship at 10:09! Great game!
Wait, we can use the monorail again
People and governments don't like spending money on rail infrastructure. HS2, for example. So idk how they think they'd fund this.
Conventional train technology has literally achieved speeds in excess of 550 km/h almost 20 years ago (the TGV speed record was around 570 km/h). It is just not economical to actually use those speeds due to the problems you mentioned.
I think the reason everything is a pod is because everyone just wants those tubes from Futurama, but they'd probably hurt to use.
5:51 That burn is savage, Adam.
Rest assured. After the European Commission finally lays ruin to the electricity net, they'll take up the rail network.
:D
As a Pole I would like to apologize. We don't even have tracks that would allow high speed trains. Let alone this. JUST BUILD A F....NG TRAIN!
Star sector player sick. What's your favorite ship?
Well done slipping in some Beach House 🙂
"deep-tech" definitely screams "funded by russia, driven by crypto fascists, fuelled by anarcho-capitalism"
Und trotzdem bin ich mir ziemlich sicher dass deutsche Politiker diese Idee aufgreifen werden und als das beste seit geschnitten Brot verkaufen werden. Siehe auch: Flugtaxis
I disagree on your take on the German network. It undeniably has many problems, but the french solution is just no better. They are punctual because they run the few trains they have to Paris and basically nothing else. Takt, c'est quoi? In Germany you can basically get in any reasonably sized town my train and have a really dense network. That is the problem. They have more trains than the marode network can handle. But I'll take Germanys network any time over the french! Greetings from Switzerland
🤦‍♂️🤣🤣🤣
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure that whole rail magnet thing is literally how railguns work... They want to make us ride a fucking railgun.
Always the best content
10:09 YOOOOO! STARCRAFT TERRAN THEME 1!? FUCK YEEEAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!
Where is the music at 10:09 from??
Do we have any sources for Prosche controlling the AfD? That's funny af.
A basic self propelling car could be useful for switching.... But is not practical
Cable theft? We are talking here about Poland not Germany or usa
The Age of Empires music really completes this piece
A 300 mile long track accelerating the pod at 10 G will be at orbital speed in minutes. Station the track at an altitude of 120,000 suspended from balloons. Point to point intercontinental hypersonic service, and orbital space launch service from the same launcher. Multiple short launchers for usual intercontinental service with occasional assembly of the launchers for a series of orbital launches. As the number of short launchers grows a dedicated orbital launcher will emerge.   "But duh, gee Dee, What about, what about, what about?". All that will use conventional equipment . Don't you know anything?
I love GP35. NOT POD TRAINS.
10:09 WOO! StarCraft Terran OST!!!
I wish I lived in an area with train service. :(
Wait again?
7:11 - Deus Ex Soundtrack - niiiiiice
I love listening about how german railways are shit while thinking about GEP-guns and secret societies
This mess sounds like a reason to have a tech-bro yell "Curse you Physics!  You've foiled me again!  Next time, I will have the last laugh, Physics!  Mark my words!"
As a Slovak I can confirm that anything faster than 30kph would destroy our nation completely
The fact you used half life containers makes this video even more funnier
How about a pod that is powered by boiling water? Imma call it "vapour" engine™ !!
Jesus Horatio Christ! I thought OUR BOI was exaggerating with the capacity issues, but then I realised what the scale of those renders was at the 6:49 mark and onwards when they show a passenger come out of the pod; literally around 40 passenger maximum capacity, good Lord...  ... and then, Brother Something goes ahead and hits everyone with a fucking Atlas class superfreighter from Starsector at the 10:09 mark because sanity is for the weak and Our Lord Adam wants a stronk audience... xD
I was going to make a joke like "who needs drivers with AI?" But then you reminded me that thats an actual argument...and i got sad.
I guess I should thank the tech bros for creating a reason for some Starcraft music to pop up and put a smile on my face
I was NOT expecting an ATLAS - Super freighter from STARSECTOR ((Hey hey people))  to show up at 10:10 , god bless the Space Trucker playstyle supplying the poor ludds who need so many new "toys" and fancy purple "drinks". Really makes a wonderful profit!
But, what if they smoked even more crack?
I'm going to start using my landspeed record chasing rocket car to commute on the local state highway. Wish me luck!  Geez, why do people always insist on *thinking* through these briliant ideas?
God, I hate tech bros
The adoption of automatic train control has been a joke. I don’t think it’s right to defend it, on fully grade separated tracks we’ve been able to run automated trains for decades. But that’s another issue with tech bros proposing it: the problem (mostly) isn’t the tech. It’s the funding, standardization, adoption. Basically business and politics, and good luck throwing tech at that problem
I'm dead at the email. "Ni hao need 20 more containers fast"💀💀💀 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Atlas my beloved: 10:08
YOU FORGOT TO MENTION COMFORT
C'mon, the American metro system isn't *that* bad 😢
10:08 SCV good to go sir
Incredible video as always but my favourite bit is the picture of the containers on the cargo ship toppling over
I'm sure it's idea of driverless Is 10 guys at an indian call center monitoring the driver's cab cameras
Dutch trains being on time 93% of the time. No fucking way 😂😂. Maybe im just unlucky because i dont use the train to often, but it feels like i always deal with delays, whenever i use a train.
I love that every few months someone reinvents a slightly less effective train
Next video: Tech bros figure out how to run 550 kph
The comparison of the German railway system to the French one is flawed. The german railway does have 2x as many passengers per year on less space and less centralized inhabitation/urbanization. Plus there is almost 4 times more cargo transport in tonne-kilometres, and there is more cross traffic from other countries which further complicates things. It obviously should be better and get more investment, but the comparison isn't as simple.
I got hyped by the inclusion of StarCraft music.
Japan was trying to make a train that goes over 500 km/h for decades and it was still on a dedicated track last time I checked. And they are freaking pioneers in high speed trains.
10:50 h-hey, hl2
What happened to that video about Chaushesku? Got deleted because YT protects romanian commies?
Ukraine update when?
Starsector Atlas at 10:10
10:00 We call it "Throughput"
Oh hi star sector, didnt expect to see you here
I can't stand your video, I can't even finish it, just git gud, make better content, because I can't, seriously, git gud
That animation of that pod shows the pod accelerating very quickly compared to normal trains which could cause passenger discomfort.
Like anything else, there's a certain point where the returns for speed are less and less worth it. What point is there for a train to go faster than like 250-300 kph? Not even mentioning the dumb pods
If we’re gonna have trains, then at least give us those wood/coal burning steam locomotives from southern pacific
I like how this channel slowly transform as an ad for 90s RTS soundtracks... anyway Red Alert 1 Bigfoot is missing
i chuckled at the atlas showing up XD
American Rail is literally a libretarian monopoly hellscape that's so deregulated that the government literally just has them regulate themselves. Because of this trains have been growing exponentionally in length and staffing has been decreasing at a similar rate all in the name of profit. For this reason, any transport infrastructure CANNOT share track with established freight rail until that nightmare is fixed. The delays and other issues would be insurmountable.
christ they must think this is factorio or something.
ive seen tech bros reinvent ships and busses too. Our society has a brain rot problem. People with money and power are idiots
Just call China to design, build and run the system. They are undoubtedly the best in the world and most advanced. Why mention TGV, ICE and shinkansen but not mention China when they already have like 40,000km+ of high speed rail and most operate at 350km/hr, and basically all of the 40,000km/hr of HSR are over 250km/hr?  Sometimes the 350km/hr trains run a bit slower at like 300km/hr. Not sure why, maybe due to weather(aka safety) or it's just more economical(aka profitable) to do so.. like maybe  the wear and tear on 300km ones are much less compared to trains running at 350km/hr. If anyone here knows why they do that, please let me know. Thanks.
i don’t mind it, I’m pro tech bro, we need progress
This whole plan is too European and feminine. How can we arm the trains and use drones to manage the whole thing?
Honestly, the most stupid thing is, hight speed trains have already been past 500kph Yes it was only experiments but the French did it twice, the first time in 1990 with 515 kph, and in 2007 with 574 kph. So not only this idea is stupid, but also 30 years late. The funny thing is, when you see the footage of the latest test, the train doesn't even look so different from any other TGV at that time. Will be a shocker to tech bros that not everything needs to be weirdly suggestive shaped and run by AI when actual engineers have a go at it
10:09 the music choice 🤘🏼
I mean lets be honest, the tech bros just come up with an idea and are incapable and unwilling to actually consider what they are proposing. The idea must be good because they came up with it and it uses the *newest* technology 🙄
I would prefer a high speed bus system just like the onion made a video on years ago
I guess the tech bros have gone off the rails.
Loved the StarCraft music
I was going to leave a comment in regards to train and / or tech bros, but i'm just here jamming to some dope aoe2 music.
At this point, I wouldn't be surprised if someone tried to replicate W Corp's Warp Trains
Tech Bros' worst enemies are the laws of physics.
we could just invent flying trains. 500+ fast, you know with wings like birds. needs no rails, no slow trains ahead. total win. wanna invest your cryptos bro ? only needs place to land. will be called "air station". get it? we gunna be so rich.
"Punctuality is measured by a maximum 5 minute delay."   *Cries in Amtrak*
Before one has an idea to re-invent the wheel, one must ask themselves: has anyone else thought about this? Why don't we have this already? Are those engineers so dumb that they can't build 550 km/h trains? No, they're not dumb. I'm sure at some point some of them thought about it and the fact that we still don't have it must indicate that there's a reason for not having it.
Hey now, we don't actually enjoy having trains run into each other 😭  Head-on collisions like that have recently happened in 🇨🇿 like only once every other year! And this time there were only four casualties, which actually makes it the third worst that's ever happened .... in Pardubice region.
You vill be transported in pods
We're not even two minutes in, and I'm already thinking that this'll turn the tracks into a railgun. This can only end in tears.
Why are techbros like sexually attracted to pods please
I loved your comment about the right politicians smoking enough crack to think this is a good idea! I was laughing!
Wait until techbros reinvent the steam engine and make some of those crazy designs like the Fontaine Locomotive (wheels on top of wheels) or make one with two boilers.  Or they create a solar powered locomotive and wonder why all the solar panels keep going missing and why the train can't do long distances.
If we're using the ludicrous vaporware Hyperloop as the gold standard for rail speed, I'm throwing my hat in the ring.  My idea is trains in a tube filled with water.  Have you ever been in an endless river at a water park?  You go pretty fast, obviously.  Using the same amount of engineering provenance as Hyperloop, my water trains will go 2000 kph, they will cost less to build than regular rail, will generate a surplus of energy through hydroelectric power and passengers will only pay $.25 per ticket.  We should have a fully functioning national Hydro-Loop network (fully automated) by 2026.  I believe I know more about pulling nonsense out of my ass than anyone else on the planet.  The planet can also go f*ck themselves.  Sorry.  I'm not sure why I added that last part.
Anyone mind explaining to me why the US rail system went to shit? I'm curious and I know we used to have a lot more rails. Also I just really like trains.
It looks like a prawn
Indonesian president, Joko Widodo, is in office since 2014. He proposed high speed train program on 2015 and ended on October 2023 for total distance 142.8 km, it took the same time as he is in the presidential office. Mind you that in Indonesia getting permission from land owner is easier when its state business than Europe and it took them (with China help) 8 years to built a high speed rail from basically Amsterdam to Rotterdam twice.
0:20 and the EU financed this...
Hello, fellow Starsector fan.
9:52 - This. When I lived in northern Greece, I'd take the cheap, slow train to Athens because it did ~650km in 11 hours for €15. The tolls alone would cost twice that to travel the equivalent route by car. Yeah, no. I've read dozens of books and slept peacefully in cheap trains over the years and it was great! 😌👌
The American National Rail Network is more than twice the size of the European rail system, with over 224,000 miles (360,000 kilometers) of track compared to Europe's mere 94,000 miles (151,000 kilometers).  Trains are more efficient at moving people in and near cities and European cities are much closer together than USA cities so trains work well there.  Go figure.  Cost of operation to move people in USA by train is 10x more expensive than Europe.  Not because of "engineering" but is because of distance.  Are you willing to pay for that out of your pocket?
The only advantage of a magnetic rails is to decelerate faster and reduce the braking time and thus the safety distances needed between trains. But yeah, it is not free was you would need to retrofit a line anyway so why not making it actually good and not just marginally better for a vanishingly small part of the rolling stock.  I mean at that point better add aerobraking capabilities on trains at least that may be feasible and gain few percent of speed on some safe enough line already.
Why is everything a pod with low capacity? Because the rich people this is catering to cannot stand the idea of sitting next to anyone, let alone plebs. It must be luxurious and personal. That's why all tech bro transit sucks, they can't imagine not having their lambo experience.
As someone who has tried using Amtrak, I can confirm that US rail is in fact, a fucking joke.
that random starsector whoop there, I SEE YOU ADAM, and I see the Atlas there
except the czechs, they love crashing their trainst into each other  and I took that personally  and regiojet took it personally and bought another 50 crapshit cars from germany that snap in half when touched just a bit more harshly than kicking it barefoot
By now Adam should open an official consultant agency for tech bros. Just imagine the utopia we would live in.
As an American I am quite jealous of most every other developed country (and a lot of developing ones) for having competent passenger rail travel.
I ha to take a breathe and wait a day before watching this video because I knew it would frustrate me lol, and within the very start it was downhill, they wanted to use existing tracks for this system smh what the actual fck? I hate techboys with a passion for what they've been doing, they're making every field they enter worse because they get VC funding and attention that far surpasses others in that sector who have been there forever, which makes the public think that the techbros are actually doing something when all they actually do is come in make huge promises that are impossible to meet then go back on them or abandon projects for the next shiny thing.
StarCraft music at 10:08? Nice.
bro sneaked Tünde Kiszel into my retina what the hell kind of nonconsensual easter egg is this
why the nevomo magrail be looking like salmon sashimi i wanna eat it
WHO TOLD THEM ABOUT TRAINS??!     MODS!!!!!!
As a German, i can confirm that the German trains are late/cancelled so often, that it has become a running gag. To be fair, population density is quite high along the Rhine river, where many delays are caused. The ICE also stops quite often even at smaller cities, while in France for example, the TGV is basically connecting Paris with some other city directly.
The dream of maglev is nice: less friction, equals less wear and less noise, which should bring smoother rides and higher speeds.  The development of railways goes back for ages and had a lot of projects that didn't work... maglevs stays to interesting to abandon.  But the pod shit... fuck that!
they ALMOSt built a train
6:14 😭😭😭😭 i hate how real this is i swear to god it happens so often here now i became kinda scared to travel by trains
I was going to comment on that Death Stranding joke then that caldern came up.  What the hell is that thing advertising?  A witch?  Holding a torch and pancakes?
Thats a very interesting wall calendar
Debunking this shit is a real service to humanity. thank you 🙏
There's actually a reasonable often used priority class for freight trains in Germany which is prioritized over any passenger train. It costs like 5 times the normal cost and makes up less than 1% of cargo trains, so that kind of demand does exist, it's just not the norm. Also those are not used for small loads, because then you'd either have a supply chain going and wouldn't need a high prio cargo train or you would use trucks or taxis or planes to get the cargo to its destination even faster and more cheaply too, so those don't save the pod system. Also there's high speed switches for speeds of up to 200 km/h, of course not the norm at all and far off from 500 km/h too.
The Kiszel Tunde calendar was a nice touch :D
Why is it a bad idea : all of what you exposed + FRENCH TGV POS4402 ALREADY reached these kind of speed with an experienced driver and on the right track. If we want small pods for rich people we don't need those guys ....
Gotta love the Terran theme from good old Starcraft, very fitting.
8:55 "only a few stations have side-tracks" I disagree. If you translate "train station" as "Bahnhof", then by definition every single one has sidetracks where overtaking is possible. There's also the Haltepunkt and the Haltestelle which translate to point/place of stopping and these usually don't have sidetracks (Haltestellen can, Haltepunkte can't) but these are far less than Bahnhöfe (5400 Bahnhöfe, 300 Haltestellen and Haltepunkte combined) but more importantly that's all minor side notes because you are correct, that the pods would probably be low priority and thus the other trains wouldn't wait for them to overtake them on the side-tracks anyway. Or maybe they would actually pay for high prio and then you could expect 4-digit ticket prices for the commutes. So probably a pretty good deal for people who can easily afford their own helicopter plus pilot, but are scared of flying then. (To be clear: Nothing about that is close to economically viable)
It'd be a fuckin' coup if someone could get Mick Lynch to react to the bad 'train' ideas you come across.
a small issue i found when you speak about the high speed rails that must use concrete and not gravel but every TGV only lines (LGV) are covered with gravel even during the 570kph record run, so it doesn't seem to be a big issue, great video still
I mean, it *could* be interesting as a retrofit to existing high-speed rail lines, but for what gain, a few extra km/h (which, indeed, regular HST trains sometimes do hit in test runs) and slightly cheaper track and vehicle maintenance? At an insane cost? And by making regular HST trains no longer viable because then they would also force the faster Maglev ones to be delayed? At that point, it would be much better to just build a dedicated Shinkansen or TransRapid Maglev instead. 🤦‍♂
Genuinely tilted my head back laughing at "rolling dildo". Top quality content as always.
As an American that has looked into taking a train instead of flying a couple times, I can confirm our rail systems are a cruel joke.
That age of empires music really takes me back
the "CGI Podpunk" genre of fantasy reality is my favorite style of marketing
10:10 STARSECTOR MENTIONED
Tbh I‘ll take a well organised, cheaper, and more comfortable, but slower train everytime over a fast, but crammed, late and expensive train. Doesn’t matter if it takes 10hrs instead of 5hrs, if it has Internet, cheap sleeping waggons, and food, I‘d always prefer this over fast and unreliable
How about MonoRail!
Bro, the FDP is NOT libertarian, holy shit 💀 that's the most insulting thing anybody has every said about libertarians.  8:16
7:30 Fun fact, because every German's favourite past time is hating on the DB: the delays do NOT include trains that were cancelled 😂 Socialist train system ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
I like your voice and edit style. :)
how can I short nevomo?
I mean, it's probably just research grant scam xD
hey no need to attack amtrak, on time percentages on the northeast corridor are better than the german high spped network at least
The Czech Republic is now called Czechia
Get rid of cars and trains, then give every family two "handcars" per household. "Oh what fun".
They don't make cars better, they make trains worse. And the reason we don't have high speed trains on every piece of rail is that the tracks aren't built for it. But hey, if the company wants to finance a full overhaul and upgrade of the existing network out of their own pocket, at no cost to existing rail companies or tax payers, they have my blessing to blow away their money. Because it'll make conventional rail faster and more reliable basically for free.
It’ll never happen in the US. The railway infrastructure is so decayed and decrepit that new tracks, stations, and crossings would need to be built from the ground up. Without tunnels or bridges, there is too much of a risk of a collision on the tracks. Imagine a train traveling 500kph and colliding with a stuck tractor trailer. Or a passenger car/truck. Derailments and collisions at current speeds are already catastrophic. Now, imagine people walking over or near those tracks every day while wearing headphones or generally not paying attention. Other countries have a generational respect for railways; the US largely doesn’t. I hope one day that we can and that public transport stops being this dinosaur of a relic that’s primarily used for shipping your household knickknacks and garbage across the country. We came close in the early stages of this country, but Henry Ford changed our course in a matter of a couple years. Good luck, tech bros
Something very off brand about Germany’s trains not being IMMER PÜNKTLICH.
where can I find a video of 2 trains getting stuffed by 2000 passengers one after the other like in 3:20
Wasn't expecting AoE music, me likey.
Please make more interesting content than hating on stupid tech projects or bad infrastructure.
Did anybody else get unsubscribed from this channel randomly somewhat recently?
Isnt that just LRT, MRT, etc?
Goddamnit Adam, stop trashing Germany's train-system - that job is reserved for the Germans, thank you very much! I think this is one of the very few times where even the people running the DB (Deutsche Bahn, the former state owned German railroad company) could say "at least we are not THAT stupid". Then again i fear what might happen if our minister of transport, of course a member of the FDP, hears about this. "Hmm, a train system those low-paid plebs couldn't use anyway? Sign me up!".
Good SC and AoE music.
I'm German, that small part about our rail network and political parties' bootlicking to car manufacturers was too real
Even without knowing half of what you went over in the video, the moment I saw their "plan" for adding extra rails on top of existing infrastructure I knew that they had absolutely zero idea of what they were doing. Well, unless what they're doing is trying to grift money off of other tech bros.
2:20 ICE in 250+ category, I wish. The new ICE can barely even drive that cuz the ICE just drives the regular tracks really fking often as there is a severe lack of HSR dedicated tracks in Germany Also kinda funny how higher speed is below high speed here
Hearing that Germany's trains are still a gods gift compared to USA trains war wie ein Stein vom Herzen fallen zu lassen. Thank God.
🍉🍉🙈🙉🙊 🍉🍉
They're better off building 4 lane rail tracks to make an essential fast lane in the middle and slow lanes on the side to get rid of the traffic problem
Deus Ex music @ 7:42?
Every point great other than the “pods” look like they’d probably hold 60-100, not 20. Not that it makes enough of a difference to make up for the 1000 other issues lol
It’s the same farce as always with these (railway) transportation startups. The railroad as a concept and from a technical/engineering perspective is fully developed. The issue at hand is *not technical but political.*   We need the political will to 1. fund and 2. build the necessary infrastructure (I.e. a resilient network: - grid separation - enough switches and overtaking tracks - diversion routes - double/tripple/quadruple tracking - maintenance facilities for rolling stock with adequate capacity - stations  Only then, in this utopian perfect world.. then we can afford those  startups thinking about our of the box stuff - but now any funding put into such things endangers the sustainment and expansion of the back bone ((passenger) rail transport)
Bro where do i get that calendar (asking for my factory manager)
I love hearing about the ideas for mass transit by people who have never even sat on a bus a single time in their lives because daddy has a plane.  The idea of taking a massive train that can move alot of people at once and improving it by keeping all the limitations but making it much much smaller is the smoothest brained idea ever.
Loving the age of empires 2 soundtrack ❤❤❤
5:43 ! RER C mainittu ! Torilla tavataan !
Where would be if we didn’t have tech bros [re]inventing super useful tech??!!!! 😉
Okay, real talk: if you could get that tracks-just-move-the-flatcars thing working with minimal retrofits to the rolling stock, doing that in yards and terminals and such could be a big improvement over using switcher locomotives. Doesn't need to be fast, in fact it shouldn't be, but in a fenced-off, controlled, well-mapped environment like that you could just put up a ton of cameras and drive them around remotely, maybe from a cool tower. (Would this be as safe as on-vehicle human drivers? For this specific use, and factoring in that you'd have far fewer people moving around the yard, you're probably looking at fewer injuries even if they're worse drivers.)
Highly appreciate the pronunciation of Porsche😂
You know what really solves the issue? Planes. Besides the run way hold up you're good.
10:09 no way that middle picture is from Starsector, right? Please tell me if it is. I recently started playing Starsector and seeing a ship from it here is an amazing coincidence!
I swear tech bros are the business equivalent of gamers playing ✨off-meta✨ just less fun and more stupid
2:08 isn't that the rolling stock of the Austrian Westbahn (Stadler KISS) below the RailJet and not an ICE-L?
tbf a lot of metro trains in Copenhagen are driverless.. So saying you can't have driverless trains is kind of wrong.  But the pod idea, low capacity is still really stupid tho.
As a german i have to correct you about the punctuality of our trains. It is not all with more than 5 minutes delay... Its all with more than 5 minutes delay - all that never made it do to "Deutsche Bahn" reasons. So our rail system is even worse than you are impling.
Very good Video but you forgot the Station Bypass with 550km/h so the Passengers get smashed by the wind and sound of the bypassing train🤣
It drives me nuts that they want faster trains instead of just more rails and more trains. I'm perfectly fine going along at 35 MPH if it means cheap transportation that's more comfortable than cars and planes. Being in the US means my expectations are super low....
"MORE FASTER EQUALS MORE BETTER!" hahaha
Maybe they can first try their innovation somewhere more linear and without border crossing, like Japan
I love it, thank you!
A guy living in France here. What were the dudes smoking when providing the french "trains on time" metric?
The simplest way to destroy ideas like these is theoretical benefit vs cost of materials.   Hyperloop: they want to make a fucking 1000km long massive metal tube that needs to be able to sustain a constant vacuum for its entire operation just to do what trains do but faster. Not to mention the maintenance cost.   Trains: Haha two long metal bars on sticks go brrrr.
I like how the train meta is like "German rails are so trash" American:"yeah see those shit ass german with those inconvenient public transport" rest of the world: "...What you guys have barely count as a train"
2 things will reliably happen every day:  1. the sun will rise 2. some smoothbrain will come up with a way to make brains worse and pedal it as super hi tech
POLAAND MENTIONED RAAAUGH 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 POLAND MOUNTAIN 🇵🇱 🗻 🗻 WHAT THE FUCK ARE FAST AND PUNCTUAL TRAINS??!!! 🦅 🦅 🦅  🇵🇱 🇵🇱 POLSKA GURRROOOOM
Actually, if that technology could work with normal trains on high-speed infrastructure, that's not a bad idea, but I doubt it.
Its a neat idea but just not practical in any way
NOOOO NOW THERES A BAD PROJECT FROM POLAND THIS MAKES ME SO ASHAMED OF BEING POLISh
I've said it before, for every one really useful innovation, you will have about 500 non-starter concepts as various developers go through a painful trial and error process to figure stuff out.  Back in the 80's most of these non-starter concepts wouldn't even make it off a draft board as older more experienced engineers would temper the innovation of the younger engineers with a healthy dose of reality.  But now, we have things like that Cybertruck that were clearly barfed up directly from Musk's ID and ignored all the experienced engineers' reasons why no one ever tried to make something like the Cybertruck before.  So, that is the reality we currently inhabit.  It is apparently going to require a few more generation of people losing a lot of money in Theranos styled cons before this trend goes away.
You want to travel fast from A to B? You want to pay for an expensive ticket? You want to travel with fewer passengers? Then BUY a fudging plane ✈️ ticket!
The story of American rail is partially one of different specializations. America actually has the largest and most developed freight rail network in the world, and most high speed passenger rail lines cannot be used to transport freight. America would surely be better off if it developed its passenger rail lines, but it's not a case of America having no rails, it's a matter of them focusing their rail development and infrastructure on freight.
I think there was a TGV train that went 574 km/h. We could just use that instead.
Thank you for getting the StarCraft Terran theme stuck in my head again. It only took twenty years for it to get out the lasttime
But of course that company receives millions of funding from the Polish government and from the EU.
Hey man! Don't sh*t on it too hard. It's a great solution for Disneyland. 🤣
It's always pods because these tech bros don't like people.
7:24 - how does Luxembourg fit into a "long distance trains" graph?
Why is it always pods???
They must know they are making impossible claims. Perhaps it is a scam. Get some investor money. Pay yourself well and then close it down after a few years. We've seen this pattern before.
At least the CGI humans where pretty neat in this one. They are evolving!
Google schienenzeppelin.  We had this exact discussion in germany almost 100 years ago (1929) They built a pod like the ones in the video, that was supposed to go 230kph in a time where this was about as feasible as 500+ kph today. It was propeld by a wooden propeller, and ran into the exact same issues that adam explained in the video. Only one was build, and scrapped 10 years later.
Nah thats bc in czech there is highest train track density that means a lot of trains 👍
10:08 Woah Star Craft music jumpscare
You're 1000% on point about our German rail network 😁👍
Yeah at this point just buy a private jet and call it your invention🤦‍♂️
At 8:50 I realised that these techbros have essentially made an even stupider version of the "Sports Train" Jeremy Clarkson created THIRTEEN years ago, and at least that thing was cheap.
Brilliant!
11:14 "literally Death Stranding" heh
wait.. is that AoE II music in the ending? :D
I don't want hyperfast travel - I want an ABILITY to travel - that's more a more difficult thing given that more money and civil rights are being stolen every year... Now I need at least two passports and two residences just to make sure I won't get stuck in one country for the rest of my life, slowly taxing me to death.
Not many channels make me laugh & learn in a similar fashion to yours ❤ please go on
i bed the yews did this.jpg
Solution: build more lanes of railway, trust me bro, this time it will solve the traffic problem...
6:14 yeah man, that hurts
I had no idea that number 160 km/h have a broader meaning! Thank you for explanation! I am sometimes travelling at 160 km/h in Polish trains, though it's that fast only on segments, usually going slower (like 120 km/h), with Polish railway company (PKP) talking about 250 km/h soon.  Any idea where this number exactly comes from? Why not 150, 170, 155 etc.
Poland mentioned! Oh wait Oh... Oh no....
Regarding not having enough drivers: in my country, the train companies are always looking for more drivers. They can't even find enough to maintain the existing system. And it's not even a badly paid job or anything..
7:16 I'm french and to be fair the punctuality percentage here is not accounting for the most crowded lines so the fact that a lot of trains are not really crowded bumps this percentage significantly
10:08 command and conquer? Is that you?
Are you hunagrian? Cuz I am and I use tbe train u showed as examples every day. Sk im pretty sure you are hungarian
I've just recently read about precision scheduled railroading (PSR) in the USA. And what a meme it is.  The tech-bros are working hard to chop trains in small pods to destroy the economy of scale.  Meanwhile, the corpo-bros are stretching trains up to 3 miles to squeeze all ass profits out of the economy of scale. At the cost of dire consequences ofc
Love it
The best tech in Poland was German (change my mind)
We should never have AI automated driverless trains at some point those systems can fail. Computers are known to randomly just fart on themselves. You'd always need a person to monitor and check what its doing to make sure its functioning as intended. It would be very insane to just trust AI computer going 250+ kph. God 50 of those would just slow down the entire network per route probably won't be able to go at the theoretical speed limits they are proposing.
I appreciate your RTS sound tracks!  The surprise Starcraft one was a surprised since you usually use Age of Empires.
Tech-bro ideology in a nutshell:  A pod when you chill and eat the bug in it = BAD A pod when it replaces an existing, perfectly functional technology but with no regard to safety, sustainability and traffic capacity = GOOD
Automating trains is the answer ... in Factorio.
2:05 thats a WestBahn Stadler Flirt, not the ICE L btw
Libertarian is code for plutocratic.
Czech Republic mentioned 😊🙌
High speed trains need more than just the train set. They need high speed tracks. Like when SNCF in France did their record test some years ago, it was only on a special section of track with special gravel balast because otherwise the gravel was flying everywhere with a train at those speeds.
the pod people are at it again
Four Trillion Pods
It would make more sense to have folding wings on the pod and use the railroad as a runway, take off and fly to the destination station, use some impossible techbro AI shit to land back on the rails near the station, fold the wings, then pull in the station.  Or skip all that and just make fucking flying AI drone pods that flock all over and deliver shit and people in a never ending cloud of stupid.
Great.. now I want to play AoE2
The moment tech bros have been leading up to that Adam has been dreading this entire time.
I’m still waiting for Twitter to go out of business after firing 80% of the workforce like Adam said it would
Oh how I love these videos of yours. <3
yeah, this system is idiotic, but the idea of pods isn't if the infrastructure can meet 2 basic requirements: * achieve full automation * each station is either a terminal or a bypass.  on such a system you could run "virtual trains" where pods are linked together by software and run in unison with the added benefit that long range pods don't stop at every station. This would enable you to group passengers with long distance tickets into such pods. Of course, this means that pods on the main tracks would always run close to maximum speed, and you'd need additional acceleration and deceleration tracks at every station in the network.  The control system can then tell the pods which need to exit the stream, and a few behind to slow down a bit to ensure the necessary separation for switching, after which they'd catch up with the rest of the pods. Similarly, pods could join such a virtual train on route without the need to physically stop the train for coupling.   Such a system does offer some marginal benefits over existing railways, and it's much more suited for a maglev in tube (i.e. hyperloop) design but would require massive upfront investment in infrastructure. I wouldn't dissconsider it altogether but Poland could benefit more from investment in high speed rail at this moment in time.  I live in Romania and  at this moment in time I would be perfectly content with trains that run like the Austrian Railjets. Those things are amazing. But I won't disconsider hyperloop for a future technology because as of now, it's the only technology which can replace long range air travel without producing emissions.
10:09 Nice Starsector reference. Most people don't know about that wonderful game that costs just $15.
German highspeed rail is an abomination, eh? UK - hold my beer.
ahh yes the all-for-one solution for tech bros AI..they cant even edit or repair the imperfection of their AI generated image and now to reinvent the train lmao..
If you want to figure out a better way to move a hundred billion tonnes of goods across the country every day without spending ten trillion dollars on an entirely new system and bankrupting our country and having insanely high taxes to cover that, you're gonna need to invent star trek transporters.  -me in 2008 when I worked in the rail industry and had to explain to a new hire why trains will never go away or see massive changes aside from car and engine designs
Makes you wonder if they have any intention of actually building anything or if this is just a way to spend some venture capital and pretend that you're smart. They can't really be this stupid, can they?
6:39 "you cannot have driverless trains"  Australias driverless iron ore trains (and many automatic metro systems) would like to know your location
The German Libertarian party might be under the direct control of Porche? Considering the world that we would get under libertarians is a bunch of corporate states, that makes sense
I love how at 6:08 Adam is showing a screenshot from the german train provider and of course half the trains are delayed lmao 😂
6:10 Too soon man Too soon…
Musk doesn’t need to sabotage CA high speed rail; CA politics has done that well enough on its own
What is this new wizardry?
The TGV can reach 574 km/h. It's not absolutely inpossible.
At least they were came up with a more grounded idea than those who came before. Don't be too hard on them, they will eventually learn how to solve problems realistically lmao.
10:10 is that starsector? Hell yea
Why do tech bros always have to go with fucking pods? This would actually be feasible in a few niche scenarios if it could just be a train rather than fucking pods.
Appreciate the Starsector reference.
I mean, that pod actually looks like it's bigger than a bus, so it might hold 50 people instead of the normal 5 to 20 of typical silly pod systems. So they are getting better! Not by much, but it's still better.
10:08 That music was so unexpected that my brain rebooted.
its time for another Adam "its all so tiresome" Something video  🍿
Why even call them pods? Do they have a fetish for jamming pods everywhere?
I would question the need for high speed freight rail.  Why?  Generally (and I have worked in Freight Forwarding, so have some experience with this) the kinds of companies that need to transport stuff via container tend to have their freight procedures organised, so it doesn't matter so much that their freight might be on the train (or a truck) for 3 or 4 hours rather than a couple of hours.   Even where freight has a tight delivery time (such as anything that needs to be frozen or kept cold), they will have procedures in place for dealing with this, even if they need to liaise with local authorities to close roads etc.     They don't need a pod that carries their container at 500km/h..
Nevomo’s shorter thing I assumed was more a proof of concept.  You could make it longer
10:10 you cannot make this shit up, I thought of playing starsector today and I see this in the middle, holy shit it made me burst into laughter. btw thanks for the video, now I know more about railways.
*Europe*  They better not hear about this place called "Japan"
Yeah, in Poland we already have "rail buses" - just one rail car that cannot be connected with others and is usually overloaded in rush hours so 🙄
''In this was manifested the love of God toward us, because that God sent his only begotten Son into the world, that we might live through him.   (1 John 4:9) ''I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.   (John 10:11) ''Then Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Except ye eat the flesh of the Son(Jesus Christ) of man, and drink his blood, ye have no life in you.   (John 6:53) ''And I will strengthen the house of Judah, and I will save the house of Joseph, and I will bring them again to place them; for I have mercy upon them: and they shall be as though I had not cast them off: for I am the LORD their God, and will hear them.   (Zechariah 10:6) ''And this is the confidence that we have in him, that, if we ask any thing according to his will, he heareth us:   (1 John 5:14) ''The highway of the upright is to depart from evil: he that keepeth his way preserveth his soul.   (Proverbs 16:17)
Oh so its not just on the road where the NPC cause the slow traffic. Its also when they are only passengers on trains. PPL really suck at not being an obstacle
Not to mention the infrastructure costs and the question of would the infrastructure required for these pods interfere with conventional trains, and what happens when the line uses third rail power delivery.
"Being good at what you do is for the chumps" - US Chamber of Commerce mission statement
Props for starcraft soundtrack usage.
Please please please focus on positive things, why always complaining? IronLev, italian startup developing maglev trains which can use EXISTING rails, without any further construction. Good vibes only, make a video about them :)
it looks remarkably like hte hover train concept from the early 60s. that went well
The investor class has finally outgrown the need to be good at stuff, let the chumps take care of being good at stuff.   Being good at stuff will never measure up to one millionth.   Of our subtle and intangible merit,  without which you good at stuff people could not exist
We do like to hate on our DB train system here in Germany. But we all are secretly thankful for it nonetheless :D
9:47 this is like a poorly thought-out concorde… which is really saying something
Bro, you don’t think long-term enough. Invest and hire them now and they may get bought by a company who knows what they‘re doing one day!
Okay, but how are we supposed to launder money if not for these tech bros? The Olympics? There are only so many ways to launder money, my friends, and that money isn't going to launder itself.
Billionaires are getting more stupid every day.
In the Seattle to Portland world, we had a train derail because it was going too fast around a corner despite the fact that we had just done work on that corner to go faster.  500kph sounds great in a conference room, but it's not making it from S to P along existing lines and we cannot make the hills go away to get a flat and straight enough track to handle even 200kph   the train just needs to run more often and not be 2hr delayed while costing $100. that would fix it today
I appreciate the addition of Starcraft music this time.
Every time I see those projects with the same issues  I wonder how they could overlook those facts there is a small but persistent voice in my head that tells me that we all base our critique around a situation where common people have housing away from work, can afford to travel for fun in their free time and everybody has access to an open world.  But if you just put all the commoners in a people silo in the basement of the factory they toil in... you don't need public transportation. If your own house becomes a rare thing... then pod homes get more space. Less privately owned cars mean more space on the roads. All of these ideas make sense when only an elite gets access to all those wonderful things we achieved.  And sounds crazy to me, and maybe to you, but does it sound crazy to Mr. Bezos?
99/100 if you think you've revolutionised an existing worldwide multi-billion euro industry, odds are someone much smarter than you came up with the same idea 20 years ago and dismissed it as untenable.
In the list of problems, you forgot comfort of the passenger (which you think the tech bros would focus on) i bet the ride would be nasua indusing, with constant ear popping, not to mention when it finally slows down to enter a station.
That fake email at 11:19 is hilarious.
All those "techbros invented trains but worse" made me remeber a story about a guy who made an AI, tought it about the problems with modern transport, and tasked it with solving them... What came out, was a train
Its hillarious for me that a polish startup wants to make something so fast when not so recently in Poland there was a problem with new trains because our railroad infrastructure was to bad so the new trains coudnt get to their max speed.
suddenly hearing starcraft 2 music at 10:08 kicked a neuron into to gear lol
Ahh I see a starsector fan! :D
Literally a minute in and I already saw the issue with using existing rail.  Here in the USA our freight trains can technically sit at 80mph(~130kph) but in reality they usually go much slower as most tracks are not rated for those speeds.
PC games still sometimes struggle to keep their incredibly simplified simulations of rail to run under AI control without derailments. I sure am not getting on a train where I have to say "Pretend you are trying to drive the train safely and show me what it would look like," to trick the AI into driving properly.
- talks about trains - gives Máv-start as an example - unatco theme as background music Why can't i subscribe twice?
11:15 skull emoji x5
I'm Polish. Please accept my apologies for Nevomo... We do not claim them.
You should check out the Indian train system
See the thing is your not looking at this as they do. These projects are not about the pods or the AI systems or Whatever future babble they say. These projects are so they can wrangle investors to dump cash on them, they run off into another country and then are never heard from again. IE; its Scams. All the way down.
starsector reference at 10:08!!!!!
1 min in and everyone in the real world is shouting ' what about corners'
anyone know the outro song?
As an American fan of trains, your frequent insulting of my trains hurt my feelings deeply. To comfort myself, I had to take my Ford F150 for a ride and run it through a local schoolyard. They yelled "Call the cops!" but I laughed, kicked my feet and giggled knowing this is America so the cops wouldn't show up for another 3-4 business days. Then, I got a burger, went home and watched football (the real kind) while snuggling with my AR-15, knowing it would keep me safe from any other maniac trying to  insult my country's public transportation. God Bless America, nerds
Regular rail travelling at 0mph isn't exactly useful.
10:10 Starsector reference, Atlas rise up
Cable theft is the perfect example of why you should never underestimate a crackheads desire to get high.    else they might steal you fridge while on a bicycle
There is this old joke: Swiss and German railways wanted to save costs and joined forces to buy platform signs. It's German for both, right? So they got together and discussed the idea for six months and finally concluded it wasn't feasible. Switzerland needed signs saying "On time" (98%), "One minute late" (1.9%), "Two minutes late" (0.09%), "Three minutes late" (0.01%), "Please hurry if you want to catch the connection" (just in case). Germany needed: "One hour late", "Two hours late", "Canceled" and "Train station out of service". They even double checked and confirmed that they would never need the "On time" sign.
Doesn't Sydney have driverless trains?
Almost through the video, well at least they didn't add artificial intel ...never mind
In the Netherlands we meme about how bad and late our trains are, I don't even wanna know how bad it is in the rest of the World
- How nice, Adam is mentioning Poland! - Oh, wait...
550 KPH = ~341.7 MPH
it's like they really saw the hover trains out of star wars the clone wars (Dave filoni one) and thought "how do we make this worse!?"
You can have wagons in railyards without drivers, they can be remotely controlled by someone who has a full view of the site.
An additional thing to note is that the French TGV is already capable of going over 500 km/h (record at 574.8 km/h) with modifications to the configuration. So even their high speed argument is obsolete.
Your sense of humour has a unique, sarcastic style. Please do a TED talk or take your act on the road. You’d be so funny in front of a live audience, or even on late night talk shows!
what in the impractical space colony tech that is both somehow just settled but had decades of pre build infastructure is their idea!? it's low capacity and not scaleable in a practical sense.
Are you really complaining about long range trains in the US?  People aren’t normally driving out of state on regular basis.
Watching in a train❤
I am NOT an expert on railroads. That said, the *_"...on existing track..."_* bit IMMEDIATELY gave me a 🚩.
Reminds me of that scene in Matrix when Neo flies through the city streets with cars, glass, and other debris swirling in the wake.
*"MORE SPEED = MORE GOOD"*   And THAT is why the _Lockheed C-130 Hercules_ 4-engine TURBOPROP aircraft  is still a thing with multiple militaries {and civilian operators} around the world.   SPEED is NOT always the solution to everything.
After watching this I sat down and thought about how I could improve trains and had a brilliant idea. You send trains from one station but you segment them into destinations and use a system to then move the segments at hubs. So a train goes from X to Y, but you have segments B and C that should instead go to Z location instead of Y. So when train arrives at a hub between X and Y, a machine lifts and twists around the segment B and C and place them at the end of a train that goes to location Z!  Then I thought "Wait, why? You could literally just get off the train and board the other train rather than develop a massive fuck-off system to move entire train segments!" Imagine how many of these Tech Bro ideas had stopped if someone asked themselves "Why would this be necessary?" Like I did.
The Deus Ex music while talking about Deutsche Bahn was very real for me.  I care about the environment. I think cars are stupid. Yet still I can't be bothered to deal with Deutsche Bahn because the trains are reliably unreliable. I have no issue with taking trains and buses instead of a car but Deutsche Bahn is making this trade-off an unpredictable nightmare. So while this goes on I have to rely on a car, which sucks and I would rather not do it. An extended video essay covering the nightmare that is Deutsche Bahn would be fun.
Europe will rise to new heights, once the germans have fixed their goddamn rail system. Like a black hole of train service in the middle of Europe lmao
8:20 taz is literally the most biased news source i know
I could be mistaken, but it seems to me that tech entrepreneurs often have significant egos that are bruised when they are not the ones to invent the next revolutionary advancement for humanity, such as trains or fast transportation in general. They appear to be reinventing the wheel, yet insist that their version is superior, claiming, "I made it better, trust me, mine is more revolutionary."
*_"...luggage, God knows where..."_*   🤭🤭🤭
Is that a Kiszel Tünde calendar at 11:22? 🤣🤣
Thank's for your content!
Well, at least it LOOKS COOL...😊
What music is played in the background around 7:30?
I see Starsector's Atlas, I upvote !
In 2077, Tech Bros will discover this incredible innovation called the Ox and Cart.
Well Techbros EVER move past their obession with pods...
10:10 Starsector mentioned :3
North American rail is a disaster... partly because freight has priority
I am quite amazed that you've managed to make only awesome videos. Kudos.
I need a new wallet, so out of curiosity I went to the sponsor's website. Not only are the prices in EUR too high compared to the US, they do not provide information about delivery costs to the EU, and adding products to the cart does not work. Well done USA bros.
...hgh.. i knew pardubice would come up... please don't let this be the only reputation it has. there's a beautiful old witchy house there too... and a factory that explodes so often not everyone realised the bang was from the trains... and and umm we have a nice tower :) and the gingerbread is really good ..um....
Terran 1 still gives me goosebumps. :)
10:09 Dayum. Starcraft AND Starsector? Adam's a man o' culture!
Trust tech bros to invent a train less efficient than an A320
What the heck is a “kilometer”?
7:58 oh... you were in Mannheim. The HUB
Or Germany.
Their dislike of public transit is so strong that it loops back into wanting to create public transit
at 7:30, the UK is at the same or similar levels as Germany. We also have a mixed traffic system. we are renown for the trains being non punctual. or cancelled. or overfilled. basically a kak system in the UK.
Tech bro’s invent trains for the 1 percent. Not for everyone.
(Vi) Quick, hide the buses before they can find thise too!
10:51 even though it was many years since I played Half-Life 2 I immediately recognised those containers
"Punctuality here is measured by a maximum 5 minute delay"  Meanwhile an entire Japanese train company commits seppuku for arriving a minute early :D
He didn't even mention sabotage. Bro dropped off.
Ngl. A water park in the middle of Sahara would be pretty fkn cool
7:22 Trains that never arrive at their destination are not counted as being late, because DB only looks at the trains, who arrived at their destination.
"By the looks of it, each pod can take about 20 people" - shows a 50 meter long segment of train. Uhmmm....
Now that is an epic slap down! That was a fantastic video pulling apart the stupidity of these people.
Sorry for this shit from the bottom of my polish heart Adam
I think it’s kinda obvious that the awful rail service situation in Germany is due to years of neglect regarding infrastructure. Unless they invent flying trains, it’s not gonna change
Good luck fot them putting this on our Ukranian railways!  We often have tracks inside cities (industrial areas usually, but since Kyiv likes to build huge residential towers everywhere including the railway. They would fall considering their quality). Also we have quite low speeds (Train from Kiev to Chełm was going at 60-80 kph while the Polish train from Chełm to Warsaw was at around 90-110 kph) meaning the rails are designed for low speeds Lots of railways pass through forests. Often power outages. As far as I know, you can't make a train like a trolleybus so it can move without the wire. Just imagine such an expensive pod getting destroyed by a missile attack on a railway station! But since our govt likes stealing grant money they'd like this!
Turns out that whatever means of transportation you look at, the efficiency comes from communal approach, where you move many people at once.
As American, i completely agree with this guy. American train service is a fcking joke indeed.
The idea is really not that new! Germany developed the Transrapid in the nineties (basically an in every way superior and better scalable version of this shitfest) but then sold the whole thing to china since Germans couldn't find any use for it. Could you maybe make a video on that?
The shape of that abomination implies that it has no downforce. It looks like it´s gonna rocket up in the sky when going over a height XD
The fact that most people peddling unfeasible things must know how ridiculous they are calls for its own video that tries to answer WHY. I suppose "shareholder value" would be part of the title.
so you're saying there's a chance?
Great life pro tip: if you are thinking about trying to change something, you should probably understand why it is the way it is, first.
age of empires music detected
Do not touch trains, Adam will  fuck you up
That Age of Empire tune!
Great video.
I just got that your voice and jokes reminds me of Scottish comedian Frankie Boyle
Ironically ERTMS will have been developed by talented programmers, and electronics designers - or, in other words, "tech bros"....
Adam, bro. Czech Republic doesnt exist anymore. They changed their official name to Czechia. Cause they are coooool, ok? lol
I always like how the Tech Bros who 'invent' something somehow manage to make the theoretical ideas not work even in their own perfect world, let alone real life
As a Pole, I'm embarassed.
Can the tech bros just focus on building trains in north American instead please? Use that money to build normal speed trains.
A real million dollar business idea is animating mockups for vaporware companies 😂
pod is also an old idea. Pod is what the horse carts are or carts that bearers carried.
1800s tech for the win
rail pods have been proposed for years, personal rapid transit it is usually called
💯
Why invent new tech like this instead of upgrading existing systems and fixing institutional issues like how society treats and supports public transport?
Czech here, yes we love crashing trains, it's our thing
3:58 After some HoMM music we get some Neverhood too, nice. How about some Theme Hospital next? Transport Tycoon? Red Alert 2?
This is basically even more ridiculous than Jeremy Clarkson's sports train... But not intended as a comedic gimmick.
10:09  STARSECTOR MENTIONED
I cant wait for one of these random projects to become succeed, the pure aneurism this guy will have might be felt globally.
Please. Somebody sneak this vid in nevomo’s next investor call PowerPoint
More please. I love the anger.
The HSR is France is absolutely brilliant. It can do in 2 hours what Amtrak (US train) can do in a full day. The last time I took Amtrak anywhere it took 7 hours for a trip that is 3 hours by car.
what about communist NFT AI pods rail?
The kind of bizarre thing about all of this is that trains are already hella good. They're efficient, and while they're not the fastest form of transport, one can make it a very comfortable and accessible form of transport, unlike aeroplanes.
why are they obsessed with pods?
age of empires soundtrack  👍🤣
Kudos to your add transition XD that was NOT smoth, that was funny!
Why improve an existing system when you can invent a worse, more expensive system?
Scrap the 500 KM/H, just make the pods rail busses or street cars for more local transport then cross country.
As a Pole: 1. We have such friggin bad trains NOW, that we should try to fix what we have instead of trying something else xD It's not even problem with trains itself, the most problems are the tracks and what you have few companies that take care of trains and connections and separate one for tracks... It's a nightmare. 2. It seems like the recieve some donations from national goverment and EU (you can see info about european and national funds in 0:20) sooo it seems like a cashgrab. So don't worry Adam, it won't be created at all. But still citizens from all of the EU just make somebody rich. I think it's created to fail, you can see how good some people are at green transformation in my country like high salaries for taking care of empty field (I mean, there will be here nuclear plant... someday!) or Izera Cars. The money can go with steady flow if you know right people and you know how to create something that won't exist in this country.
actually, French TGV WAS able to achieve 550 km/h and even more, on the Strasbourg direction, as a test drive, with fix-welded switches etc. Otherwise, yes, this is just another example of individualism (explicitly working AGAINST large-scale solutions)
There is an Italian company working on something similar, but with the difference that their technology uses the rails themselves, no need for extra infrastructure. They've allready had a testrun recently, and it seems to be working, but it's still early days. What i am not entirely aware of, is how they are going to use that technology, should it reach maturity. After watching this video, and agreeing that you will never reach the speeds that the polish company was talking about, the only way i could ever see this technology (by the Italian company) being implemented, is if they keep the rail systems basically the way it is now, but replace the propulsive systems (the wheels) with their maglev tech. Only time will tell if it is ever going to work, or not.
While the delays are annoying and criticism justified, we gotta cut the German DB some slack. They gotta operate the by far densest rail network in the world, a lot of which is ~100 years old, thus retrospectively really hard to seperate into high speed and low speed commuter tracks. A lot of it is bad management too, though.
Man, that pod looks cool. Over here in commie china I have to put up with a high speed rail system (speeds averaging 200-300kmph) connecting nearly every city you could possibly want to visit, that has a frequency of about 15 minutes per train. They are cheap, clean, efficient, accessible, so they are always cluttered up with regular people who don't seem to realise how important I am. It is a real burden. Most of the stations connect directly with the city metro services, which are also cheap, clean, safe, efficient, and frequent, and as a bonus many of the metros are now driverless. It would be so much better to be stuck in a traffic jam after my pod journey, where everyone around me could see my expensive and fast (at 3am when the roads are empty) car and they would know I am so much better than they are.
So, I think thats a No Thanks from Adam.... what if we get a bunch of them and we call it a pod-chain?
"2 pair of trains per day ... that's not a rail service, that's a travelling exhibition." - That was hilarious!!!🤣🤣🤣
These past 15 years may be known as the Pod experimentation and obsession age.
I got it! I solved the problem stopping the trains from going 550 km/hr. Its so obvious! Have the train oops pod, straddle other trains like that failed Chinese bus project!  And add solar panels. And call it the gigapod or something cool. Job done ✔️
In America trains are mostly used for freight. So they’re in areas where not many would want to commute to and from. They frequently cross roads. The pods would run into the slower freight trains almost immediately. wtf is this idea.
Appreciate the 10:09 SC OST 🤩
I think trains are reaching the limits of their speed. And they don't need to go any faster, to be honest. We already have something that goes faster. It's called "planes". So the way forward here is not to make trains faster (although that will inevitably happen as technology gets better). What we need to do is make air travel more accessible by doing away with government hair-brained net zero restrictions, doing away with hidden airline fees, with ridiculous check in experiences. What we need is for air travel to be the same as rail travel. You go online, buy a ticket for the price offered as opposed to buying a $25 ticket and then paying $300 in hidden fees, then you show up at the airport, go straight to the gate, hand over your luggage as you are boarding, and then get in the plane without silly security checks and check in lines. But for that we need a safe society that isn't overrun with foreign criminals bent on destroying our countries.  In other words: You want better travel? Kick out the globalist neo-coms from power and secure our countries.
"Boss, we cant make our cool pod go any faster because there are slower trains in the way."  Boss snorts a line off of his framed picture of Elon Musk and replies, "I GOT IT. What if our AI detects the slow train, turns the maglift system WAY UP and we float our train over the top of the other train? Ooh AND we could retrofit old trains to have rails ON TOP OF THEIR CARS so we can ride on them! GOD, I AM SUCH A VISIONARY"
That terran music awoke a core memory
As a polish person: we don't claim them
Bro. Maybe you could do reviews too on videos that shows 0.1 sqr meter home apartments transformed through Galvanized Square Steel and some Eco-friendly wood veneers and Screws borrowed from aunt?
I have a feeling that train would kill a ton of people. At least in Slovenia (yes) people are constantly crossing the rails, both passengers and station's personnel, now imagine that, but with super-fast trains.
Canadian rail on TOP
Based Train video
12:00 err, you don't need to slow down when going through towns, just make it crazy aerodynamic like any modern asian train, they go 300 kph through towns and they're practically silent, inside and outside.
Sigh, can we start with fancy busses? Just use google maps data to figure out where people commute to and from and when. Then advertise the crap out of it on that route: "wouldn't your rather be scrolling?", make it free for the first month to get people hooked.  You have to scan your card/phone/watch to open the bus doors from the outside (get in on the front, exit on the back), you only get an account after a quick background check. If too many co-riders and the bus driver vote to kick you out; you're out for a month. Bus only stops when someone presses the button inside, outside at the bus stop or when you told the app where you're getting off. If it's only a handful people, use a car or minibus for that line/slot.
Everytime, I think I know all the arguments beforehand and then you come alonge and show like 10 more reasons for the idea being stupid^^
Very good Video!
0:35 Killing the public transport network for the sake of automotive industry is literally the plan of the villain from "Who framed Roger Rabbit". Who was also an insane cartoon character.
0:04 um, Adam, uh, actually, they INVENTED this so-called "trains" Put some respect to their names
...and we have no need to go that fast.
Is Adam Something advertising PODS for your money??
ah yes, I'm so proud that Slovenia is the best at something. Going by train here you should take a backpack for a 3 day trip on a 2 hour train drive.
you convinced me. I would buy that for a dollar!
11:14 "literally Death Stranding" xD
The Germans do seem awfully scared of having their trains arrive on time, nowadays.
Oh no... the hyperloop brainrot has spread to my homeland. :(
Train: a SERIES of railroad cars moved as a unit by a locomotive or by integral motors. Y’all that took the train out of trains
Tech Bros: I must break you Adam... blocks with face
Nooo, not this way to showcase Czechia :D   Seriously wtf is wrong with our railways having so many crashes.
Unfortunately most times i would agree with yoh but by virtue of the company being Polish I have to support them. POLSKA #1!! BEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD WOOOO! DO NO WRONG 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱😍
Thank you: I laughed so much!
"Rolling dildo" is something i'm going to use when discussing HS2 more often.  On an aside - LIM systems are a thing but they have never been used for HSR. The main advantage of LIM is that you don't need to have motors onboard the train. This frees up capacity onboard the train and reduces track wear. Where's the best place for this system? Well, the Japanese have beaten Europe to this. There are several metro systems in Japan that use LIM to ensure that the trains are extremely light and efficient. These are metros. By using LIM, you can run an extremely regular service over a very short distance and you can get even more people onboard the train as there aren't bulky components taking up space.  Yes, LIM can also be used for maglev - but the cost is so astronomical to building a maglev system over long distances that this rarely gets beyond a planning stage or feasibility study. Yes, again Japan, is building the Chuo shinkansen, but this is primarily to compete with mid distance aviation transport over an incredibly dense route.  As for why we don't use LIM on high speed rail - it is, as you said, waaaay more expensive and the advantages gained don't outweigh the capital expenditure. It is far more efficient and effective to just have standard OLE - which you would need any way, even if you had an LIM system in the middle of the rails.  HSR is very rarely justified. Super HSR is just a non-starter. China can justify 350kph as the distances in China can just about offset the expense. But anywhere else - no. And at 350kph, the physics of rail travel start to get weird. Trains are already unstable - at higher speeds, they effectively "float" on the railhead and the trains experience an effect referred to as "hunting" where the wheels seek an equilibrium position between the tracks. The higher the speed, the greater the effect of hunting. This can be mitigated with expensive wheel designs but there is a theoretical limit. Once you exceed the limit, the train no longer "hunts" - it floats and loses all contact with the railhead. Then the train is at the mercy of gravity which will pull it back to earth very quickly, and most likely off the railhead (and probably straight into a field).  And herein lies the problem - "techbros" enjoy an outdated mode of thinking - that "best" is simply the "fastest" and "coolest" as opposed to a system that is able to serve the most. And as documentaries like "Top Gear" have proved, a "private jet" style train is just a terrible idea for any public transport system.
sydney has driverless trains, not long distance tho
Tech bros need to have 50% of their brain thinking in passive income so we need to understand them when they show us their ideas
You totally missed the big opportunity here. To sell the whole idea to some Saudi dictators.
This is not about reinventing trains, but supporting research from a startup business formed by students that formerly competed on a Hyperloop competition and thereby gained expertise in railroad engineering. The hope is that some of the results, be it software or parts of their technical solutions, turn out to be useful for more mundane railroad infrastructure. Whether this form of research funding that results in corporate proprietary technology is a better idea than spending tax money on research positions in academia is another story. Any investor should realize that the proposed concept is a dream castle, but personally, I do admire the engineering that goes into it.
Starcraft Terran music at 10:08 hits the spot just right
As a westoid who's been on a handful of polish trains, I really hope the polish government won't fall for this shit. Like, I'm pretty sure the reason polish trains are so slow and unreliable is that they are often still Soviet-era relics, and with how much the polish economy has been growing recently, I hope they'll allocate some money to modern equipment (and modern doesn't mean "tech bro unrealistic bullshit")
11:22 My dumbass brain trying to read that calendar, before realising it's Hungarian: "Ah, of course, the days of the week. Hydrogen, Potassium, Sz- uh, Szlenium? Caesium, Phosphorus, Szlenium II, and Vanadium."
I cannot get over how good Adam's background music selection is. I love Terran One.
So, they want to take the major advantage of trains (that they can move hundreds of passengers or a lot of freight with one driver, and a few motors), and remove it?
i cant take the music you use. i cant
Adam 560 kmph is just to slow the pod/train must be able to go around 1000 kmph plus
oh crap, we‘re worse than the *Italians*? Where they only chose to keep watches around so people would know when to stop boiling the pasta 😭
Should rename Chanel to Adam Savage.
1:36 retrograde tree re-uptake indicating extremely advanced groundhog problems
pods pods pods pods PODS PODS PODS PODS PODS POOOOOOODDDSSS!!!!
Adam you try fixing a whole god damn continents rail system w 50 other god damn country sized states who all say their way or the highway 😠🫵
The Kiszel calendar was top notch, I almost spit out my water from laughing 😂😂
Looking at the graphic that pod thing is going to have trouble taking even slight corners at slow speed.
🤣 How many times will they fail to make a train?
If you would need such a fast train it is probably better to build a new line from scratch instead of upgrading the infrastructure in this way
Long trains are awesome small pods are pointless 😂 I'm serious small bucks long cool
Doubling the speed quadrouples the g-force. On a standard rail system this harebrained idea will render the passengers unconscious.
Dammit Meg-rail!
that thing has the profile of pablo the race cat with less viability as a public transport solution
Wait till somebody tells them about imperial era signal boxes that are actuated manually by THE TRAIN DRIVERS THEMSELVES
Yes, drag the German railway!
New Hyperloop scam startup: *exists* Adam: "I am gonna destroy this man's whole career..."
basically they want everything to be the same as private jets
The explanation of German long distance rail network was perfect✨✨
+1 for starsector trade ship
7:17 🇬🇧 probably somewhere in the bottom 12 😂
2:22 Right. And as an engineer (who studied that kind of thing), I must add that for high speed trains: 1/ the rails are all fused together, 2/ in a curve, their is a slope between the inner rail and the outer rail such that the gravity pull looks and feels vertical inside the train for the specific speed at which the curve has to be taken. Meaning that: 1/ if you have a glass of water inside a TGV, in a curve you don't feel anything, the water level stays horizontal, and you don't see anything, but occasionally you wonder why the horizon by the window looks up like you're witnessing a mountain, while on the other side it looks down and that has no alternative explanation ; and 2/ on such a system, trains all have to drive at the exact speed the rails are built for, so no congestion is allowed and no slow-down as well...
I live in France and a system like TGV is great as is, the only thing that could be better is cost but that is to be expected as the high speed + networks is still developing in some areas. You can cross the country in 3 hours and arrive in the city centers, nothing comes even close to being as fast door to door.
Driverless trains have been a thing in Australia for years. Granted that's in the outback where there are no people
Damn I wanted to escape reality a little with magical and impossible trains but got reminded of a lot of things going wrong in my country :)
TGV made high speed record runs up to 575 km/h on their detecated high speed tracks - and they still had to fix up pretty much all the wiring plus other stuff afterwards.
neverhood music detected instant sub
Tech bro though he got fast Castle but too bad Japan has already went Imp
The goddamn deutsche Bahn Screenshot combined with the words real train service. It even shows outages ❤ german rail is so bad. It motivates me to LEARN TO DRIVE at 33 because I need reliable transport
6. mOnEy - in slovakia parts of the rail network are in critical condition, so much so, that it creates delays in neighbouring countries. why? because there is no money even for maintenance of existing infrastructure. but hey, rebuild it all to support these maglev pods, that sure is a worthy investment.
I feel adam is going insane
You do have to remember that Germany is a crazy populated country and having high speed trains run completely on dedicated tracks would just be unviable (Ruhrgebiet region), more hogh speed tracks would be great, but a dedicated system would lead station being placed outside of city centers leading to a longen journey. Also, German trains are not the most punctual, but they runs very often, on the line Karlsruhe Frankfurt every 20 to 30 minutes, so even if you miss your train or your connection there will be another train in less than 60 minutes (on the usual routes with high delays), additionally many problems are due to using our network over capacity in terms of trains per hour since otherwise our trains would overcrowd 7:46
2:08 lol I love how you even added the BZmot. Fellow Hungarian here.
Children doodling spaceships.
I’m also so curious how this thing is supposed to take a curve. Maybe I just misunderstood the design but there’s clearly no bend and the sides of the pod extend down past the tracks. That thing can go straight and only straight
Too soon, man! 🇨🇿🚂
Besides the crashing-into-each-other-issue, having trains stuck on a track is pretty bad too. I have a friend who works in logistics of freight trains and they once had to find a way to remove a ton or two of slowly drying glue (!) out of a tank that has been sitting there for a few days. I think in the end they just had to dispose the whole thing and it costed millions. Yes that was in Czech Republic.
Starsector mentioned 🎉🎉🎉
Well said
Ouch, I know that idiots can be found everywhere, but the fact that these guys come from Poland hurts me on a personal level... Good video by the way.
"Driverless trains are not possible". How about driverless metro trains in Copenhagen. Yes, metro trains are not the same as regular trains, but is it that impossible to improve the technology for a bigger scale?
Pods ✅ Tech Bro ✅ AI ✅ Mags ✅ Mining Bitcoins❌  I was so close to a bingo 😭
9:50 ork logic
10:43 Starcraft music lol
Obviously we can guard against copper theft with AI-powered armed drones. Duh.
The self moving freight pods could make sense: in a shunting yard… as remote controlled small locomotives… thats it… the entire usecase
Been a follower since about you had a little more than 7k subscribers, my brother please chill out on the retention editing. Your videos are already excellent, we are here for the wit and nuance, not seizures. ❤
10:08 starsector!!! Love that game.
Why cant we have self driving trains tho ? I mean self driving cars are quite far away from being perfect but they do work good enough most of the time.  That should be much easier to accomplish with trains as they already have the system in place for coordination and the system is built on the idea that a train cant just stop any second
There are already small trains - kind of train-trams on rails in Europe. We have plenty of them in Poland. For example most of regional railways use these small trains. They travel with very standard speed, but it is pretty much okay, since boarding takes less time and due to short travel distance they are still very efficient. It is like using a tram, but on longer line than usuall and skipping 80% of stops. I dont think using much more expensive dildos could really help here with anything. Maybe even contrary, since people are boarding with bikes, small children ect. Traveling 550 kmh would require being fully seated, with belts fastened and every element of the bagage being firmly placed in special areas, since in other case people would get killed with various lethal things flying around the cabin. At the end of the day we have a cost thing as well. Fast trains are already expensive, so are the tickets. Would I pay extra 100% to spend - lets say - hour less, or just 45 minutes less - traveling from Łódź to Gdańsk? Why would I?
Ekster wallet looked so cool till 4:32 until you flipped and saw money stuck back hm me rather dont flash money around xD
wow cool, lemme get on my pod that goes 550km/hr and doesn't need all of that  *starts up plane engines*
What problem are they even trying to solve here, because I never heard anyone in an ICE at top speed say "I wish this thing would go even faster". Top speed is certainly the last concern for public transportation atm.
Why? Like, WHY? Trains are good as they are! Heck, one of few things I consider really bad in the US infrastructure is severe underusage of trains and similar types of public transport. Why break what is not broken( as honestly going by trains is a quite nice way to go around).
"Hey let's build a smaller highspeed train and put the motor in the track for some reason."  -Some techbro for some reason.
taking a break out of school hell week to watch adam deconstruct another temu train project
Ni hao need 20 more containers fast
10:09 I like the random sound from Starcraft 1
Automated trains would not work where I live. We have an automated ticket machine at my local train station, and every time they fix it, someone comes along and either smashes the touchscreen or sets the thing on fire.   And people wonder why they never improve the service in my area.  Also plans to electrify the rail is being delayed by an old bridge that's too low for the power lines, and every time the government says they're going to rebuild the bridge, they back out in the last minute, and then bring it up again just before the election.
@Adam the Starcraft tune AND the Atlas superfreighter at 10:10 made me like you even more!
Copper?! (Laughing in gipsy)
Whenever someone says capitalism drives innovation, this is what they mean.
Remember when Topgear put cars on tracks, to revolutionise rail travel? This is the same except, that that was stupid on purpose.
10:08 Greetings, Starfarer
Nice a new video, I need my AoE2 soundtrack fix! I was starting to get the shakes.....
Never let bro cook again 💀
Tech bros aren't trying to make a product, they're trying to scam investors.  Their ideas don't have to make sense, they just need to dupe venture capitalists.
Adam reminds me of me on minds
Slight correction.  You can have level crossings on higher speed rail. The east coast mainline in Britain has a lot of level crossings at 200 km/h
So, I checked their website, and: - Nowhere it is said that they intend to limit themselves to pods. They even show a test of their technology mounted to a normal freight car (which you conveniently omitted) :D Yes, they built a demonstrator that looks like that, and yes there are only pods in the promos (although they seem to get more than 20 people, closer to 80-100, in my opinion), but it's just an advertisement to look cool :)  - The 550 km/h is not intended as a regular travel speed. Only as a limit "...achieving speeds of up to 550 kph". I would go for 250-300 as a regular speed, as the Polish infrastructure is being redesigned and restructured to handle this. Independently from them. - The clue of the idea is the modified engine that reduces friction in moving parts, and between wheels and tracks, while still being able to work on existing tracks. Not the flashy pods, you stuck to so much (you hate them, I know). Such engine uses much less electricity and thus the train is simply cheaper to run. - Intersections, splits, and crossings are not that common on routes destined for long-range trains. Nowhere at their website I had the impression that they want to introduce magrail on local routes. - But the autonomous cars are bullcr4p :D  You did not use much more than their website, right? No interviews, technical reviews, proposal documents? Sorry Adam, as much as I love your content, in this case you exaggerated,  extrapolated from incomplete news, and assumed a lot, which made you miss the important stuff. Still funny though :)  PS: Yes, I'm from Poland, and no, I don't work for them. They are probably closed by now, as they did not rise above the startup level by the time their financing finished.
Yup. I've taken 6 ICE journeys in the last two weeks. Not one was on time: 10-35 mins late. German efficiency is not all it's cracked up to be.
One thing still need to consider or note: Europe already has it's own infrastructure and stuff, with its benefits and cons.  But USA on the otherhand is a really big place with a lot of potential and a very few, joke level railways system (which is even more sad if u think about wildwest era with lots of steam locomotives).  So if somewhen in the future they could start develop a more dense railway network (of course not that 'pod' stupidity), they still going to aim for speed because of the large distances (like west and east cost). Or at least in my idea.
So like, this is kind of inventing a train version of private jets?  Except that private jets a) already exist) and b) can travel anywhere in the sky that gets them to the destination airport, with only a few rules as far as flight paths and landing go.  Meanwhile a train exists on an extremely narrow, highly defined network that it shares with all the other trains (which is always the problem with all the pod ideas, i.e what if something happens to the network and/or there is another pod in the way).  But I can still see the appeal, just like all the other sci-fi libertarian infrastructure projects - a truly *massive* investment in highly stylised housing/transportation for a very few people, that doesn't scale at all, always looks kinda cool.  Just like having your own personal chef and physician.  That's really cool, what a great idea.  Unless you want to extend the franchise to basically everybody - at which point you just invent things that scale properly, like restaurants and hospitals.
As a polish person im very sorry for those idiots
Techbros saw kids going crazy (not really lol) for Tide Pods a decade ago and have been trying to capitalise on it ever since.
As railway engineer most of the points were correct. Especially that you can't drive 500km/h or even 250km/h on existing mix-use railway due to geometry. At very high speeds you need more cant at curves and they also need to be more gentle. If cant is too high, you can't safely drive in that rail at lower speed anymore. In switches you can drive at least 200km/h when you go straight through it, but if you switch rails at there, then the speeds are way lower or switch needs to be very very long with gentle curve
This is actually really ingenious.   At getting idiotic tech bros to part with their " " "hard-earned cash" " " by " " "investing" " " in this revolutionary money trap.
As far as i know even indian railways is better than american railways. But somehow we are trying to ape the american system here (privatisation of railways and focusing more on road infrastructure, car centric)
Capitalism might brought a lot of innovation in a time, where the standards of living were not that high, but today its actively preventing the best solutions for our society (e.g. a robust and good train infrastructure) because there is more profit in forcing everybody to buy a fucking car.
What the heck, why are most of the train examples are from Hungary?
Love the Starcraft music!
BETTER DEAD THAN RED
if entrepreneurs keep making trains america might soon have a working national transport
Would be good to hear your thoughts on Curtis Yarvin's ideas, on having a CEO tech bro dictator as America leader
Kiszel Tünde … argh… that was unnecessary- the tech-bro-train was shocking enough :))  BZMot - forever :)
I don’t think these tech bros have heard of *airplanes*
as a train driver id argue driverless trains altogether are not really a good idea, no point of contact for passengers or train staff in an emergency, human redundancy cant be replaced, mechanical aptitude to fix faults to name a few
Thank you Tech bros for having stupid ideas, because I learned a lot in this Video
Ok I didn't expect that a Polish company would join these crazy companies.  However, I have the impression that the translators took away the context, this company did not invent trains for the second time, what they actually present is the idea of ​​installing a magnetic chassis that could make ordinary trains become magnetic.  Of course, this idea is absurd by the standards of the Polish railway infrastructure, which cannot even handle trains traveling above   200 km/h. so you can imagine what problems an average magnetic train traveling over 500 km/h in Poland may have.
6:18 yeah, we like to crash the trains in Czech Republic but hey, at least we make a nice animation how ETCS could work if enabled….
I love how Luxembourg with it's 7.5 station is on the second place for punctuality
This man's slow descent into madness is like watching a super villain backstory and I'm all here for it.
I like the video, i have a big problem with you talking about magrail and only looking at retrofitted magrail, seems like cherry-picking. or if you mean retrofitted magrail say that, not just magrail. japan has a great example for you why the (NOT RETROFITTED) magrail can be useful in specific cases.yeah maybe eastern europe is not the place for it to begin with, not yet at least.
Honestly, If they built this in the USA they'd at least built infrastructure on which other trains would eventually run
It's a railbus!
Only needed to put ‘em in a Tube to really piss you off 😂😂😂
The AoE 1 soundtrack in background killed me. Hahahaha
It's tough to come up with a faster train for the same reason you can't have a supersonic car that you can drive to work. Because these techbros forget that trains travel on tracks, and are limited by them, in the same way that a car that could drive at 1000mph would still have to deal with this thing called traffic jams. And that's not even getting into their failure to grasp the basic laws of physics on top of that.
550 is pretty conservative if we use elons 'superround' wheels
It is just a concept... Calm down Adam 😂
No, you don't get it. We call it the dynamic length pod! The length is determined by machine learning. (Non tech bro: scripting utilizing usage statistics databases)
This isn't a train it's a Peasant Railgun (or if the tickets are expensive a billionaire gauss rifle)  Accelerate rubes at 550km/h straight into the train ahead of them smh
10:09 oh starcraft!
It´s almost as if they are trying to find uses for magnetic rail technology outside the military. Guessing that Railguns aren´t doing super spectacular.
i mean... i agree with you.. but calling everybody an idiot and making a point about people 'stealing' the rails is kind of ironic. as fare as i know every 'stolen' track will be immediately noticed because they kind of measure it and thats technically quite easy. i mean the öbb did even a commercial in the 90s bragging about this technology  same would be true for the copper track.  not saying this is a good idea or anything like it. just when you call people stupid you should double check some things....
8:21 the founder of Porsche was a member of another famous political party, lol
How would that thing even take a turn, what with that aerodynamics skirt nearly kissing the ground?
You don't know anything about US rail
I think it's optimistic to say that only the FDP is under the control of the car Lobby. But Porsche specifically, probably. CSU is probably more of a BMW party.
The reason trains haven't fundamentally changed in 190 years is because they're already about the best we can do
I suppose those speeds would also wear out/degrade the tracks faster. So even if you could set it up, you wouldn't only have the thefts to deal with but probably also more frequent/higher basic maintenance costs.
Appreciate you using the Terran soundtrack for point #4
Some of your arguments fall over for one reason.   We've already had a normal train do 575kph on regular tracks almost 20 years ago. 🤣
really enjoy the star sector ship at 10:08   such an underrated game :)
Okay, but what is a human driver being able to supervise at over 100 km/h in a train? Braking? Everyone who understands physics knows that to be a joke. It's a bit disappointing that no one seems to have  an answer to that. "Responding to the signals" is not a valid answer with basic tech literacy. I mean you basically already said that the full system is already fully planned for europe. So I assume the need for drivers is more of a "up to about right now" thing, correct? Because even on slower trains, what happens when someone gets in front of a fast moving train is: The driver gets a day off and someone has to clean the tracks.
5:48 hello to RER C in Paris, very beautiful trench
most of these dumb projects are high lvl scams or money laundering
Ngl as a German I wish we had automated trains and would get rid of the constant strikes of train drivers. This would already improve the service. We should also put more into maintenance since many trains seem to break down and cause delays.
Great!!!! Have you done a series on "Trackless Trams?" the other great bullshit that gets rolled out everytime we talk about Light Rail in NZ
Thank you! If you try to run a train that fast, it's going to shake itself off the tracks entirely, and if it doesn't do that, it's going to smash into a train ahead of it
6:06 wait, so why do you need different controls in every country
I love how all modern tech bro nonsense essentially lives of the same single concept.  "Argh! Live would be so much better if we just got rid of all these goddamn poor people! There's to many!"
1:45 I'm guessing it's just for categorization purposes, but how would a 0mph train work?
Here in Britain, of course, High Speed Rail is something we still dream about having. Just spent billions on such a project, then billions more, then gave up before even starting on the one potentially useful bit. And none of it really needed to be high-speed, because we're just not that big a place.  Still, blatantly stupid ideas like this will probably appeal to some of our more clueless politicians - which is most of them.
We uhh tried to run amtraks faster on the same line and wouldnt you know it the train de-railed and fell off the bridge into the freeway because current tracks arent meant for high speed travel.
It's kinda disappointing. They didn't say the ticket should be bought by crypto.😢
Took them long enough
Lemerem fogadni, hogy a külföldi nézőid azt hiszik Te ps-elted azt a Kiszel Tündis naptárat 11:22-nél xD
I blame the ease with which CGI can be produced these days.
This reminds me of these companies that are like, "What if, now hear me out... what if we made ships that could be powered by THE WIND?!?!"
Reinventing the wheel.
Except the Czech Republic, am sorry as an Indian am offended, you know how much we love running trains into each other
Poland stronk <3 In their defence - we have such crappy and underinvested railways, they could've spent their entire lives without boarding one train.
Imagine the red mist from someone trying to steal the copper off the track when a train hits them at 550Km/h.  You don't hear regular trains until they've passed you, imagine that thing.  There'd be no hope. Would probably solve a few problems with society actually.
Got to love that urban outrage... I mean passion!
I have zero education or interest with trains and it took me about one minute into this video to start thinking about turns, never mind the thousand and one other problems pointed out here. How and why does this project actually exist?
Listen, I love going fast and stuff but overall ll I want clean comfortable sleeping trains for long distances.
these braindead tech bros really should play factorio. that game gave me a healthy appreciation for trains years ago
I could be a Tech Bro start-up! I know all the buzzwords: Pod, AI, Crypto, Decentralized, High Speed. Thanks for teaching me, Adam!
I took a train this last Easter as a novelty, it cost me like $350 USD (for 4 people) for a 3 hour ride that included games for kids and a magic show, we just went to the other side of my town and turned around. It was awesome but that just shows how abysmal train service here is in Alaska, lol. My friend has driven train for the Alaskan Railroad for like 20 years, would you be interested in talking to us about the train industry in a super rural area in the us? HMU
Oh hey, I just had a great idea... okay, hear me out hear me out... so what if you installed big fans atop the trains(pods) linked to dynamos that generated all the electrical current needed to run the train(pod)?!?!  At 550kph there would be enough power that you could even probably have crypto-mining rigs in the overhead compartments and maybe an AI that mints valuable NFTs as it goes!  It'd be like printing money, but with a train(pod)!
Is there a way to make trains better tho?
They invented trains?  I’m pretty sure they’ve already been around for quite a while now, Adam.
I know, you only make videos about new Bullshit, but i wonder, what you would say to the Transrapid Project in Europa. I heard they will bring it back.
4:21 makes a channel dedicated to shitting on tech bros, continues to join tech bros
You just don't get it, bro! They'll put the train on decentralized blockchain, bro, mint some NFTs, issue utility tokens on Web3 and integrate into Metaverse. That will totally solve all these problems. Open your eyes, sheeple. Don't let the "big train" fool you!
Ah yes, ofc the national systems just gonna make space for this shit
Once again, Adam Something for the Greater Good, the greater good of sanity
10:10 terran music got me CATJAM'in
good stuff Adam
As a person who works in the tech industry, I must say Tech Bros are the worst plague that has befallen on us as a species in recent years.
I work for more then 30 years in the industry and every time I read those ideas from the "tech bros", I 'm reinforced in the idea, that they have no clue about real life and the world will be a worse place in the future.
9:15 killed me, you're hillarious dude
You should really stop giving free advice to these companies and just let them burn their money
I love how nostalgic these videos make me feel, with all their Wii menu music. I swear, I "played" the Wii menus for far more time than I played actual Wii games.
These tech bro ideas are so totally brain damaged.
What are the /two/ Amtrak systems that aren't jokes? I know about NE Corridor/Accela, but what's the second one?
6:14 🤣🤣DAMN THAT WAS PERSONAL
I also find that Nevomo business plan bonkers. But on the technical side - one major issue of maglev is the lack of interoperability with the existing network. So it's very expensive to build and limited to point-to-point services. But if it could move between the maglev and conventional rail networks like Nevomo suggests, that might bring some benefits. Build the network piece by piece, use existing railway stations in the city centers, etc. Perhaps it will still lose compared to high speed rail due to other factors - but it would not be that ridiculous.  As for the pod concept - no idea why they push it for the passenger trains. Maglev can happily operate a full-length train sets.  The driver-less operation for shunting in terminals could work without drivers - same way shunter personnel can operate engines remotely in some places. You still have someone around, but you reduce the number of people you need. Plus you don't need the engine that constantly needs to go in, go out, switch tracks, etc. Although all this idea depends on now much it would cost... even the European Digital Automatic Coupler is getting major pushback. There is a lot of freight cars out there and fitting each and every one with propulsion would cost a fortune.
That Chinese mail was an absolute gem that stayed on screen for 2 seconds  "Ni hao need 20 containers fast"  Fucking slayed me
I appreciate low-profile wallets, because i'm a socialist, so i have no money ;-P
i am amazed by these innovations capitalism is providing  ☺☺☺
Came for the age of empires 2 music, stayed for the techbros idiotic nonsense. Nice
The funniest part is that this is Polish company that proposes this bullshit. They could make a TON of money by solving current problems that plague our railways, but nooooooo, let's put cars on railroads for the rich, because why not.  The way I see it, they just want to get around fast, like using a plane, but also being a train, so they can't be called out for not being green enough. This whole idea just makes zero sense, regardless of the part of the world you'd want to implement it in.
The older I get the more I get remembered on the Monorail episode from the Simpsons
Somehow manages to make our joke system in the UK, which is a fucking travesty from our frankenprivitasation
Wow, lie'ing about Elon Musk!
How about under water pods for taking tech bros twenty at a time to visit the Titanic at 550 km/hour?
93% for belgium I call BS on that 'study'
TGV MENTIONNED 🗣🗣‼️‼️‼️ WHAT THE HELL IS A GRÈVE 🚄🚄 ⁉️⁉️
This idea and the self-driving cars would work... if the whole railway system was ripped out of the ground and rebuilt, or if it was built on a new planet and you were aiming to utilize taints for just about everything that needs moving, but because neither of these are happening, its just another case of overengineering meets companies who want investors.
Tech Bro mentality: I've never worked a day of my life in this industry, so I've come up with a revolutionary way to disrupt it! We just need to cram as many investor tick box buzz words into this proposal and we'll be able to get a multi-billion dollar buyout before we've barely made it past the flashy 3D render phase. Because that's the whole plan, to cash out, not actually deliver a project in the real world. The fact that they've got to the stage of actually building a test track and modifying a bogie with their linear motor actually works against their plan. They have to burn investor money actually developing the solution, rather than just paying themselves the huge bonuses for doing next to nothing, and they'll need to source even more investor funding at the expense of their share in the start-up, which will make their eventual cash-out worth less than it would be if they could cash out earlier.
FDPs Volker Wissing is in charge of the German Mobility Sector and all he is doing is in favor of a car-centred lifestyle while dismissing the public transport system entirely. Everywhere you want to go with train in Germany is just a pre-programmed headache waiting for you.  That's not because trains unequivocally suck, but because Cars do and they get all the attention and money from the state, while DB is still a money hungry black hole with no real solutions for it's customers, instead profiting of the sorry state the public-transit system is in.
I love Adam almost as much as Styropyro.  Or perhaps a bit more. :)
why are tech bros so obsessed about speed? why fast enough, steady and high capaci—- OH WAIT
No you forgot, there is also "low speed rail" 0-20kph, most often found in Germany (danke Privatisierung)
You have to wonder if all these tech bro cgi products are not just some ingenious con by 3D marketing firms to take their money.
As a polish person - our rails are NOT suited for anything high-speed.
did... did you play the UNATCO Theme while talking about German trains?
09:56 you just summarized the Concorde 😂
is there a shortage on train drivers if you dont want to train replacements or just straith up dening applicants for training without any explenation on why they dont take you? food for thought
I have a better idea. What if we make the pods larger, install 2 jet turbine engines & flight surfaces on them so they don't need to be on the ground, and they can travel over water & mountains at a higher altitude at almost twice the speed? That way it can be used for medium to long range journeys, like Rome to Stockholm, or Paris to Cairo. 😏
“Ultimate solution - hyperloop”    Literally no, just no. Even in space.
Something: exists Techbro: let's make it a pod
6:14 And Melbourne Australia. One of their passegener trains had the auto stoping system disabled and went down the hill and into another train.
Cable theft... you hear about the old woman who took out the internet of half a country?
the reason people reinvent high speed trains is that the track technology is 200 years old and based on the backside of a horse. Perhaps Adsm could do something on the insanely regressice HS2 in the UK.
terran ost is like crack to me, I want more
Why pods, why? It would be better for those tech bros to research how to make the inside of the cabin dimensionally larger than trying to make a train derail.
I'm really glad you specified *"for the time being,* you cannot have driverless trains."  Because as much as I disagree with the tech bros on most things, one thing they are right about is that automation is the future.
Why do you need drivers?
Made my day
"Like a water park in the middle of a desert" (Saudi prince's ears prick up)
I'd pay some good money to hear you and the wtyp crew shit on this for hours
You just cant comprehend the innovation Adam. Maybe you should buy more crypto and it would be more clear to you
Shut up Adam. More faster = more better. (This is sarcasm)
Can you imagine how much expensive copper it would take to construct that third rail over cross-country distances? And trying to retrofit it into existing rail networks that already have things in the middle of the tracks like check rails, switch points, and hotbox detectors?
@07:16 not surprised to see that the UK didn't even make the list for train punctuality!
Funny enough we already have capable trains in Poland that can travel up to 300km/h and the train business is  blooming, so that's just a bunch of dumbasses trying to reinvent the wheel, just making it square
Starsector hype
US wins in freight rail though
Pods > trains, because fuck the economy of scale, amirite?
Remember that polish PM Mateusz Morawiecki paid Elon to build hyperloop here.
FWIW, there ARE some driverless trains in Japan, though only on one train line in Tokyo as far as I know -- the Yurikamome line, which services the Odaiba area built on reclaimed land in Tokyo Bay, is entirely driverless. The front and back of each train, in fact, contain 360-degree panoramic windows rather than a conductor's cabin, sort of underscoring the driverless nature of the line.  I think the only reason this can exist, however, is because the Yurikamome line is entirely self-contained -- no other trains ride on those tracks, period. In fact, the Yurikamome trains use a special grade of track that's entirely unique to those trains, so no other trains even can ride on those tracks!  ...Which sort of underscores what you're saying, really, since there is literally no way to achieve this on existing tracks without creating an absolutely unconscionable safety hazard situation.
Ja......
mmm yes. time to watch adam have yet another mental breakdown over pods.
Anyone happen to know the source on the middle image at 10:10 ? Would make a cool battlemap
you have refined the tech bro meme guy to perfection.
2:48 that brake would cause everyone in the “train” to go flying in to the walls 😂
You don't know how fucked the german railsystem really is...  Anyway, awesome video like always.
techbros be like: "Facts and common sense can't compete with the right mindset, that's a fact."
I hope nobody ever tells Christian Lindner, that he was in an Adam Something video. He'll never shut up about how "relevant" he is, if he knows. 🤣
The whole point is exclusion, the upper middle class wants to feel good about climate protection and have affordable transport but they don't want to be on the same train as the Poors😅
Better idea, take that pod, put wings on it, attach turbine engines. That's an idea that'll change the world.
great video, great Deus Ex music
Was I hearing AOE2 music in the background??
What is the song at 7:03 to 7:06
I hear Starcraft Original OST, I hit the like button. I am simple man but its still a great video.
So LITERALLY maglevs....?
Age of empires music?
As a German, I kindly invite France or Switzerland to invade us, just so that I can get to work on time again.  Might have to learn a new language, but our trains are fucked.  Still 1000x better than what the TechBros would have cooked up, but that's beside the point
Wooo, Czech republic!
Low key love the age of empires 2 soundtrack!
The punctuality of German trains is even less because trains that have been canceled are not considered late. And there's a lot of trains being canceled 😂
Magrail. Is that just magnetic levitation train? That already exists and they aren't everywhere for a reason.
The Starcraft 1 music hit me with a nostalgia I didn't expect for a game I played so little so many years ago lol, nice man. Also instantly recognised it.
I do not know anything about railway or trains, but I justt want to say that you're wrong about trains not being able to be automated. They can, they're on rails. It's way easier than automating things that aren't on rails.
My wife works as a specialist in the maintenance department for Polish Railways dealing with power supply. Cable theft is constant. They have to close bits of track literally every other week because a bunch of bums and hobos are stealing copper wiring and bits of catenary.
Oh man, they almost got it. Maybe one day they’ll learn how to be people too.
A train operating at 550kmh would have 250% of the energy of a train operating at 350kmh and therefore would require its operating components and the components of the track to be 250% stronger, and 250% more durable or be replaced 250% more frequently.
With the center magnetic rail it sounds like they didn't "invent" a cross between a train and maglev, they "invented" the Disney people-mover...
the regular french TGV achieved 575km/h in 2007 , without any tech , it was a short version but could still take far more people than this joke...
Could we just make a regular train with a VC friendly detachable shell? That way we could get funding, and once the press is gone we could throw the shell away and have a decent train.
I mean the EU is literally going to build a high speed rail that will never be used and it's going to take up a tonne of space, farmland space aswell 😅
I think my love for trains began with the train simulator b**ch video
But maybe it is, only suitable for a population of 500 million people on planet earth :-) ....and a significantly different economic situation of the resource in the world
4:04: Kitteh! 😹😻 5:56: Yeah the Northeast Corridor is pseudo high-speed....outside some of the newer track runs between NYC and Boston....
Praising the TGV while lambasting the underwhelming performance of the ICE is kind of a staple when talking European Railways. And it has more than just a grain of truth to it. But I made a different experience when travelling from Frankfurt to Bayonne recently. The ICE took me all the way to Paris and in France it did it at 320 km/h. The TGV to Bayonne barely scatched at 200 km/h and reached its destination one hour late. Not all gold elsewhere.
Check out Floc Duo Rail. Another idiotic pod system.  They want to build one in Dubai.  What is it with these stupid pods. I suppose because they're like cars. Makes you wonder if these people have ever used a busy mass transit system and seen how many thousands of people are moved per hour.
I'm dying the whole time. omg.
Hi Adam, could you look seriously at a similar project, actually tested, but in Italy, that look a little promising
"How do you solve the problem of not having enough drivers?"  Tech bros, in the corner, starting to vibrate with excitement, frothing at the mouth with their hands raised: "AI!"
Your grade A sarcasm is nourishment for my soul 😊
But Adam, have you stopped to consider that regular NPCs are stinky and loud, deterring valuable individuals from using public transportation? Someone think of the tech bros!
The only rail they can mod are the dedicated HSR tracks.  The self-driving cars can work in a limited area, like within the port. But why would you want to do that? Lots of added complexity, and you still have to get the cargo out.
I'm beginning to believe that if we put all the budget of techbro-companies reinventing trains together, we could have a budget for an actual train company building a well-thought-out railway system in a US state.
if you've ever stood at a station having an ICE drive through without stopping.... imagine a 500kmph zooming by. i get they probably know they would need to slow down... but the idea is still funny. 😂  I once took an ICE from Stuttgart to Frankfurt and we were either crawling on the track or stopped entirely. cuz the lane was blocked. There were maybe 2 times were we were doing 200 and it nevwr lasted more than 5 minutes. 🫠
Remember that old saying "Speeding kills"? Yeah, Tech Bros don't know that it seems
Why does it look like sushi?
Every time a European denigrates the north american rail network, I am reminded that the North American rail network is, BY FAR, the most efficient rail freight network on the planet, being literally twice as efficient at moving freight as the EU network, moving over twice as much freight by rail per year than the entire EU despite the lower population, and moving that freight farther (with 48% of journeys exceeding 1,200 km compared to only 15% greater than 1000 km in the EU).  (Additionally north american rail freight is SO efficient that it actually produces less CO2 emisions per ton-mile than the average for waterborne freight.  Which is also 10x less emissions per ton-mile than road freight. Passenger rail, even when operating at full capacity, has a much worse margin over personal road vehicles, struggling to reach 1/3, and long distance passenger rail is significantly worse than light rail at aroun 2/3 the emissions per passenger mile, being barely better air travel)  The EU also moves over 45% of long distance (not intracity or "final mile" delivery trucks), freight by road & less than 10% by rail, (with another less than 10% being shipped by inland waterways & pipelines with the remaining ~35% being literally shipped by sea from one european port to another).  Meanwhile the USA moves 37% by rail, 31% via long haul trucks, &  32% via non-surface (with 21% of that being via pipelines).  Some of these differences are due to geography, what sort of freight is being shipped (like the USA shipping more bulk minerals by rail alone than the entire capacity of the EU transportation network), & compatibility issues integrating multiple national networks ; however, by one study I'm looking at, somewhere around 1/6 of the difference between the skewed ratio between european road & rail is directly attributable to government policy prioritizing & subsidizing passenger rail service which directly impaced the efficiency of freight service in a negative way.   TLDR.  The USA has poor intercity & Transcontinental passenger rail service compared to the EU, because the north american rail network is specialized for efficient freight trains and we use road transport for people. The EU on the otherhand crippled their rail freight services to prop up intercity passenger rail, and puts freight on the roads.  The result? The average european travels by rail 500 km more by train per year than the average US citizen but 8,000 km less total travel, spends 13% of their budget on transportation vs 16%, and pay substancially higher shipping costs.
suddenly starcraft music? lol
Who...who pays these people to do this...????
I laughed so hard man ... :)
Techbors is an Investor of Inefficient Efficiency, they look at Efficient and proven method of transport, supply chain and everything else then make Inefficient gibberish that barely passable for start up.
I'm still waiting for the techbro who seriously suggests a Heinlein-style semi-ballistic capsule. It uses a gigantic railgun to launch an airplane-sized metal can between continents.
TechBros in a Pod going down the Mariana Trench would be fun.
Ok, What if we put WINGS on pods?.. I will call it "hyper speed flaying pods"
Grwar video, even if we don't always see eye to eye. But these tech bros ...😂  And that email with spelling error, LOL.
I love your vids and keep looking forward to shitty ideas. Why do people have this FOMO mindset and want to reinventing the same concept of ubiquitous thing with even shittier systems? I am working as an assistant for a startups consultant. Boy oh boy so many ridiculous ideas that do not applicable IRL and impossible to be mass-produced.
If adults were an ideology, i would like to be an adult(but because it's just age; I almost am as I'm typing this comment)
Adam Something and not just bikes collab?
Next: TechBros invent the MAXI-Pod, a giant Pod made up of 8 individual Pods connected together.
im starting to think techbros invented those crazy ideas because they want to get roasted by adam
I know nothing about passenger rail 🇺🇸 but I immediately thought “wouldn’t a 550 kph train fly off the rails at the first curve?”
Sooo Japanese Shinkansens….
the thing is, we do have higher speed trains in Poland. It's called Pendolino.
I can imagine linear motors in the middle of track, but not to be fast but as help for faster freight train on hills. Something like current cog tracks but for 100-160km/h. Maybe even for acceleration from station to help reach cruising speeds faster
Someone needs to tell these inventors how capitalism works. It's not that faster = better but bigger and cheaper = better.  We could ship our temu packages from by air and pay a fortune for shipping. But people are willing to wait weeks because having a big ass ship shipping thousands of containers makes a single container basically free if you put enough stuff in it. It is the same concept for companies that order stuff for production.
I can’t wait for tech bros to reinvent the wheel. it will be a glorious disaster.
As always, a good video supported by a thorough narrative and my favorite video game music samples.
American long distance trains are actually long distance. Europe is small.
It's like wanting to have race cars drive among normal traffic
Why does the train look like Sushi 🍣?
"Automation"  Yeah, we see how well that's working for cars in the form of "Full Self-Driving" (read: overglorified cruise control) in Teslas.
How can you zip past that SICK wall calendar??
Ok. But can we acknowledge the fact that Poland constantly  big time fixes something in their rail network. It's actually every other year, you have to switch to the bus for some parts of your trip
It's actually insane to me that they think they've invented something "new" that "solves" the public transportation issue as if locomotives like the Rocket weren't initially invented for that exact thing in the 1800's. Like my brother in christ, you have managed to make a wrose train than the Rocket originally was when it started operation on the new (at the time) Liverpool and Manchester Railway, how on God's green earth do you manage that in the 21st century.
You know what the worst thing is? Most trains that regularly hit 300 kmh can theoretically push it up to 380 without many changes needed. 300 is just the magic speed, go slower and it's not highspeed, go faster and economics break down. But in case you're an autocracy with unlimited money, pls don't do these retarded tech bro "solutions". Just build some extra fast high speed trains and run them unreasonably fast. I'm pretty sure that it is possible to continually run a train at 400 kmh, it'll just be painfully expensive while also killing air travel in the process.  So yeah, just step on the pedal, and everyone will abandon domestic air travel.  Note: this is just a vision of sorts, I know damn well this ain't happenin
Needs more block chain and NFT. Add some AI and we are set!
Why are you worried about cable theft? In such a low trust society high speed rail won't work anyways because unless people are forced to use it they would rather drive and terrorists would just blow up your trains anyway. Diversity is not a strength
What an awful idea. Doesn't even have space for a DB employee to make me a cappuccino. Fail.
At this point, it wouldn't surprise me someday, someone would suggest strapping shit on a giant catapult, with a trampoline on the other, and call it space age revolutionary air freight.
10:10 Atlas Superfreighter from Starsector and StarCraft Terran music?
hmm this seems like LIM light rail but worse
Wat? Hungarian trains are actually THAT punctual? I mean i know MÁV has been doing a decent job lately but wow. I remember when i was a kid 20 odd years ago and we used to go by train and deliberately went there 10 minutes late because there was no way the train came in time XD
Pods! Nooooo, not the PODS AGAIN!!!!!
10:09 Starsector mentioned???
Nive
Me as a Slovenian when I saw the punctuality graph: Huh, not bad.
On one hand the proposal they made isn't remotely viable and would be actively dangerous and inconvenient if implemented, but on the other hand the Pod Train looks vaguely like a shrimp, so I guess that makes it a pretty decent idea
The one thing the hyperloop did right compared to this shitshow is that it understood that it would fundamentally actually need its own new separate infrastructure (track, trains, signals, sensors, trains etc.).
Anybody hungry for ebi nigiri?
That nose cone is going to lift it up on an air cushion and fling it off the tracks.  Non Fungible Track-leaving.
7:56 that train is 100% a decepticon
Here in the United States are long-haul passenger system basically doesn't exist; but the freight system is quite well developed.
I mean, Japan is already working on an L0 series between Tokyo and Osaka that hit a max test speed of 600 km/hr, although operational speed will more likely be 500 km/hrs. Funnily enough, the US of all places plans to implement this series in between Washington DC and New York (assuming it can pass through our lovely legislation and all the lobbyists that'll try to stop it) so it's not like these anticipated speeds of these pods are anything revolutionary (heck, the Shanghai Maglev already reaches speeds 430 km/hr).
at that point, they are just building scam to investors who know nothing about technology. I am sure they will find money before closing the company in 5 years
When it mentioned AI, I actually LOLd
At last, it comes full circle.
Double liked for the SC1 background music
Wow, and here I am in Romania where I'd be grateful for just a bit of punctuality, a safe level of hygene and maybe a couple air fresheners in trains.
Feel like the entire techbro community is just a group of people trying to come up with the leanest meanest investor scam. I work for a company that makes equipment used for rail networking infrastructure. The amount of regulations involved with creating a new or updated product is quite substantial. And that is just to introduce higher speed networking within consists. Here you have these people coming up with the dumbest ideas that logistically, technologically, and often physically impossible.
7:19 Worse than Italy. Mind you, I like it when the trains in Italy don't run on time... 😉
they "invented..." shitty buses that are restricted to tracks.
We have this shit already it’s called maglev. It can carry a lot more people but hardly any have been built because the cost is astronomical compared to high speed rail.
Kurwa, yet another company that looks like a cashgrab at uninformed investors.
10:09 I hear that Starcraft 1 music.
Do people not realize, that if we want pods that badly, we can just put walls and doors around sections of seats and charge more for people who don't want to sit with the poors?  And that a lot of modern trains literally already do this? And it works great? Took advantage of my very own futuristic rail pod™ on a recent trip to Italy to get some extra sleep.
10:09 starsector??? ah i see you are a man of culture as well
talks too fucking fast & his accent makes him too hard to understand
You know, I'm beginning to think these billionaires don't want to fix transportation unless it will gain them a bunch of money and power.
love how the UK doesn't even appear on the list of punctual trains
10:09 what's the Atlas doing here?
I just wanted to call Adam Something out for using some Starcraft and Age of Empires 2 music in this video. Kudos, cool stuff and nice music choices, among many other good choices from ya then there now then. :)
0:46 I like how they say trains are 190+ years old instead of 220+ years old.  like what??  do they think Stephenson invented the locomotive instead of Trevithick?
The funniest thing is it wasn't even later that Elon "admitted" hyperloop was about California HSR, he literally _led_ with that, it was from the very beginning a meme to make fun of how expensive it was becoming, as in "look what we could do instead for that price". Then tech bros collectively did the soyjack face and somehow it became a real idea.  Edit: actually, was that the beginning of Elon's downfall? The moment he finally snapped and the mask came off? Can't remember anymore.
What is with the obsession of tech bros and pods?
10:09 Starsector mentioned
7:15 - Italy mentioned! Lets Gooo!
ATLAS SPOTTED. Adam plays Starsector. Based.
In order to make this train a truly tech bro project it needs to have a car where NFTs are sold and another one where instead of no talking, there’s no age of consent.
"We're gonna use AI to blablabla" is my new bat signal for "we're stupid tech bros that know nothing of what we're talking about" and their AI is probably gonna be if/else structures or algorithms that existed before computers were a thing.
I spotted the star sector freight 👀
Another issue with LIM trains, you have to make sure that magnet rail stays in place. A magnet segment that popped up a bit murdered the Toronto TTC's Line 3 last year. A train derailed with several injuries but no fatalities, though I'm sure one of these pods doing 500km/h getting pole vaulted like that would kill everyone aboard, and maybe some not aboard!
Practical/educated people are trying to build futures, tech bros are trying to build expensive toys.
Another excellent video Mr Something, might I say that I would absolutely love a video about projects you actually like? lol
Another excellent video Mr Something, might I say that I would absolutely love a video about projects you actually like? lol
So you’re saying there’s a chance😅
tech bro's always plan things and forget one important aspect of traveling is reaching the destination alive.
So... how is this train pod supposed to deal with this little thing called "winter"? Which brings this stuff called "heavy snow" and "ice"?   I love this "it's always sunny summer" idea as here in Finland we just had unusually long and cold winter, that started early and ended late. And places like Germany apparently got some snow, which was an issue... based on what I heard.
11:14 my favorite email provider
It looks like a high speed shrimp
It takes some doing to propose something *less practical* that point to point passenger rocket service but this manages to sound both more dangerous and more expensive.
"Building a waterpark in the Sahara" please, for the love of money, stop giving the Saudi's ideas
Do you play AoE2?? 👀👀
Live in the pod. Eat the bugs. That's all these bros know.
i love this channel.
10:09 IS THAT A FLIPPIN STARSECTOR ATLAS FRIEGHTER I SEE?
Tech bros are the gift that just keep on giving... ideas for videos  😜
"tech bros invented trains" i am SURE he must be referring to the tech bros who were bringing industrialization to countries with access to steel & coal a couple hundred years ago /s
HEY Credit where it's due.  Us Yankees have managed to derail way more trains the past 3 years than than the Czechs have  (thank your political hero, Biden for breaking our rail worker Strike before it even got started so we could keep ignoring the problem)
I love your videos, you are hilarious! Keep up the great work
I'm french.  I've had to cross the country by train multiple times (lived in the south of France, studied near the German border, my sister was studying as far north as you can get)  The issues I've had were NEVER due to the train speed. It's always there's no train at the time you need, you have to wait 2h for your connection and stuff like that.   Bumping the speed from 300 to 500 might turn a 4h trip into a 3h trip. Not that big of a deal.  But I'll take a 250kph train that is frequent and on time everyday compared to any 500kph train thats will, at best, exist
These stupid pods make my head hurt.
Another entertaining vid aside, I really dig the background music in this vid!!
12:20 nice AoE 2 music.
If I had a nickel for every time it was PODS I would have enough money to fund a hyperloop.
I took this exact train in Budapest! I miss that city so much
Traveling exposition. You haven’t even contemplated the Sunset Limited. One every other day, and while it “services” Phoenix from 80 km away.
Does anyone know the music at 7:03 ?
What are trains? In all my life and in my mechanical engineering experience I've never heard of these trains. Are they related to those tracks i grew up next to? They sound like a great idea.
"an efficiency black hole" what a line 13:37
While on target in general, the idea of being able to get a container of raw material from China to Europe in 1 day would be absolutely revolutionary. Currently, you have to plan months in advance to guess what demand is going to be and order accordingly, or you have to build enormous stockpiles of raw materials to be able to pivot to demand. Just-in-time delivery of raw materials would save billions of euros a year, easily.
Let's not forget the worst part of Nevomo's idea. The name. The letter V doesn't exist in the Polish language. They should be ashamed.
Love the aoe2 music. Also there is some weird documentary playing in the background (:
10:09 ok Broodwar music AND Atlas freighter??, we are GAMING out there editor san!
This is an out-of-season April Fool’s joke, right? Say sike, Nevomo.
I like trains. But not concept trains.
F**king excellent video!
If we had communism it would be free!
This makes me long for the days of ridiculous, irresponsible, and insolvent rail expansion from top hat times when things people actually used were  sometimes a side effect of these  scams/exit/subsidy schemes.
I love your videos so I can hear the best tear downs of the dumbest crap VC capital is pouring their dollars into
dont worry, they will eventually arrive at actually normal trains, its jsut gonna take a few more years
If I had a dollar for every time an idiotic techbro 'startup' designed and a train-but-worse and called it a "pod" I'd have the starting capital to make my own hairbrained tech startup and not waste peoples' time and tax dollars on shit like that. Or at the very least a good donation to a local foodbank (seriously though guys, donate to your local foodbank. Best option is money but reasonable non-canned food works too!)
Surprisingly, Canada is the middle ground for trains run. We run them every 3 hours between 6am and 9pm, and that's only for one of our lines between Windsor and Montreal called the corridor.
The tech bros are late on this. The Japanese beat them to it by 13 years. The L0 can already travel faster than 530km/h at an operational speed of 500km/h, 50 less than designed, and setting a record for train speed at 600km/h, outbeating former holder TGV POS, at 574 km/h. This neglects that in order to get a train up to Non-American HSR (looking at you acela, running at barely 240 km/h.) you do need extremely well maintained, well funded infrastructure with straight lines and wide turns. Also, Go transit, who have had custom bilevels since the late 70's, have a seating capacity of 162 and a standing capacity of 248 per coach. You could optimize this thing by replacing 1 pod with an aerodynamic bilevel by a magnitude of 80.1!
550 km/h is already solved, it's called aircraft.
all that AND lets make it look like salmon nigiri
I hate pods so much
I will always hate trains. I don't care what form they take. 🤬🤮
what if, instead of magnets, they used the air that the 550km/h pod is traveling through to float the pod? and if traveling at 550km/h near trains and houses and such is bad, they could "levitate" higher to reduce the risk of windows blowing out.
I think in order to stop these tech bros from getting funding you need to go to TED and tell Microsoft and the others to stop funding these idiots. if it continues, call the IRS on all of them for money laundering.
Why does the thing look like a prawn?
I've got an idea: the Hypercatapult, launching pods hundreds of kms away at high speed. Low energy, low infrastructure, no driver.
Nah the worst would be by the time you get to 550kmh you would already start to decelerate for the next station  Our TGV is fast but it doesn't get fast long, the station are close
It's an idea that could sell in the US, where high speed rail basically doesn't exist and if it did, it would be hard to sell a lot of people on it initially.   However, it would just be better to mix and match freight with passengers using faster trains. I would go further and say that one of those freight options should be hauling automobiles.  If I could get to a destination in an amount of time that's somewhere between driving and flying, but also bring my vehicle along for a similar overall cost to flying, I'd take the train. It'd be cheaper than flight + rental, but faster that driving, while also having sightseeing benefits.  EDIT: High speed freight is best done for freight that originates *within* country, but it also could help with products that do have a limited shelf life but not one that's so limited you need to fly it in, such as perishable foods.  It is kinda niche overall, but would be nice for freight services that don't want to risk anything with a battery on a plane.
Can you make another version of this video, but in freedom units?
damn bro is kicking us americans while we are down huh
The Shinkansen train sets are 400m long and seat 1400 people. They have been at peak capacity for a long time and can't get any more trains per hour so the all station services are being cut. These pods are stupid.
Id be more interested in them going at the same speed for less energy by gradually improving things like aerodynamics allowing them to become electric and battery/solar powered at least part of the time, but like you said more faster is more betterer and marketable than efficiency
Let's go a little faster than that and soon the force of Coriolis alone will derail the pods 😂
Techbros do engineering...... in a nuclear power plant about 40 years ago, name redacted to protect the innocent.... if any.....a team was finishing up one of the control rooms and the management and a bunch or engineers were there, along with some electricians and hard hat guys.  One of the future operators of the room mentioned that there needed to be a way to switch from manual operation, with people at the consoles, to automated, computer control, and back.  One of the software engineers moaned that he could program that in and it would take a week and cost another bundle of money.  And then they would have to retest it several times to get it approved.  Two weeks and fifty grand, minimum, if it worked as designed.  An electrician asked if if would be ok to put an A/B switch in the panel, since switching either to or from manual would require that someone was in the room already.... he had one in his box and could have it in by lunchtime.  Everybody looked at the software engineer.   "Yeah, but that's so........ inelegant".
3:34 To be fair, that looks like it can accommodate a lot more than 20 people, so the following comparison is somewhat exaggerated
If passengers were willing to pay tech bro level prices for their tickets for track, powerline and rolling stock maintenance, a near full speed (<574.8 kph) TGV service would be technically possible.
I can’t wait for techbros to invent a circular thingy that turns on an axis to move vehicles further and they’ll call it “The Cyber Square”
If you really need to go 550kph and carry a pod of people just like.... fly....
Please, I just want functioning rail lines. It doesn't even need to be high seed, it just needs to be one part of an intelligently designed system!    Yes, I am American, how did you tell?!
Calls pods stupid (which they are TBF/TBH) in comparison with regular trains and then SHILLS for those bad metal "I pretend I am a wallet" things, that can't store coins and have to clip on bills on the outside! Frankly: BUY A REAL WALLET instead of that trash!
As a polish fellow, i do not accept this company.   Please get away from our already working and fully functional train system before you make a major fack-up
10:10 oh mah gah starsector atlas is adam a Gamer
Loving the Starcraft music.
This reminds me of the Onion high speed bus video, watching a 550 kph train strafing between rail lines to overtake other trains at top speed
Nice age of empires music cameo
A shout out to Greece and the Tempi massacre, the murder of 57 young people by the corrupt right wing government who took the investment money from EU that were to be used for installing a electronic train management, and used them to enrich themselves and their constructor friends. 57 people were killed I a train crash between a passenger and a "commercial" train. The government 6 hours after the accident, send trucks and bulldozers and scraped the top soil to a depth of 2 meters in order to make "disappear " any proof that illegal cargo was the cause of the crash. Illegal cargo as in dangerous chemicals forbidden in EU, 5 tons of xylolio ,an agent used by smugglers to mix in petrol. This xylolio is used by the USA drones ,based in Larissa, few klmtrs away from the accident, but since the media are all bought by the government, there is total media silence abt it .(so that our "allies" don't get upset..) All this bcs trains in Greece are a danger to the friends of the government, the truck compa ies,the bus companies and the oligarchs who smuggle gas and oil in and out of greece(russian oil ). So I expect soon someone from the corrupt right wing to bring this idea as an "investment opportunity  for the country ". Yes,we are I a downward spiral all over Europe bcs people are forgetting what the right has done I the last 75 years in europe..
Do these clowns even know what's the top speed for a steel-wheel electric train? Have they wondered if perhaps there was some other reasons the TGV doesn't do 580 kilometres per hour in regular service?   Hell, the Frecciarossa 1000 is rated to travel at 350kph on the Rome-Milan line; it still does 300 because the increased costs in railway maintenance were deemed not worth the *ten minutes* taken off the travel time by the Ministry of Transports.
"American passengers are a joke" yea we don't do passengers, we do something that keeps a nation running, called freight carrying. something you EU boys can learn a thing or 2 about.
Much joy and entertainment learning from you
You used Germany as an example when the UK was right there? Really? We have the shittest service in Europe, but nope, Germany! Mate! We are still better than the Yanks though, so it's not all bad!  Shinkansen is the best in the world and has been for sixty years. If the Japanese can't improve on their rail service it can't be improved.
I think the point of tech bros is being missed here.  They're never going to build any of this crap.  It's just investor bait designed to rope in Bill Maher and other over compensated fools, like governments with no borrowing limits. So this is all like parsing the feasibility of technology in Star Wars books and being outraged that it's not tenable. Unless there's some political advantage to scrutinizing these scams more closely, they'll keep happening regardless of the merits of Adam's critiques, which won't change anything.  It is a good way to flip investor bait into click bait though.
They're really getting their asses beat by trains, planes, and bikes everytime they think of a "NEW FUTURISTIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEM :OOO"
But what do you really feel about them?
That wall calendar model at 11:20 looks like a Might & Magic VI character 😂
Atlas Superfreighter spotted. Nice one
10:09 Ah yes, the Atlas my beloved! Honestly if tech-bros tried to make some of the transport vessels from Starsector a reality I might not laugh at them as much.  Don't get me wrong I'd still laugh at them, but like a chuckle instead of full belly laughing.
Vancouver skytrain has driverless trains!! Oh except that it's on a purpose built grade separated rail system... Oh and they don't go 500km/h.... But otherwise exactly the same! /s
0:46 - You can already tell someone almost certainly doesn't have a clue what they are talking about if they use made-up fantasy units like _kph_ instead of atcual SI units of speed.
Who needs stations? If you need to get on the train going by at 500+ kph, you just jump for it. They can put open hatches along the roof or something. Just aim for the hatch while you jump. Perfect! The pod never needs to stop!
Maglev *propulsion* is the stupidest thing I've heard this year.  The reason for maglev isn't PROPULSION.  Electric motors could get trains well past 500km/h.  The problems are: air resistance (exponentially grows with speed and not helped at all by maglev) and track vibrations.  Tracks aren't ever perfect.  Ride a perfect-looking conventional track at 550km/h and you'll probably have so much vibration you might throw the train off the track. I have no clue how to process the fact that someone actually presented this as a serious business proposal...
I GOT IT! for my next big idea... instead of a floating city out in the sea where people can mine bitcoin all they want! I'll just make a moving city on top of existing railways that never stops! If we don't stop, the cops and the government wont be able to do anything to us! We can mine bitcoin all we want on our new Rail Cities! I am such a genius.  -A certified Tech Bro.
Germany is a joke since the USA conquered them
10:10 Dang! I didn't expect to see Astral from Starsector here!
Wait a Polish company? We have a pretty good classic train network in Poland, what are these Poles smoking?
Gotta say the way the clothes fold in the animation is really good
You forgot to mention warped rails - in the USA we have nasty rails.
I'm surprised tech broz haven't in invented air trains yet. Seems like an EEEEElon thing.
I love the age of empire 2 songs :)
Based Starsector Enjoyer
I like the idea, rails are bumpy, so why not make a floating train that works on the existing rail network.... somehow (it doesn't) cool idea for a sci fi movie, but pods are never happening.
hyperloop without the vacuum tube
Age of Empires 2 music! Damn, that hit me right in the nostalgia
You keep shitting on US rail, yet you never mention that our freight rail network is one of the best in the world. Don't act like we cant have good passenger rail if we wanted it.
You all missed the point, their project is not about train, and it is totally viable : 1 - get 2.5 million EU funding, make a toy demonstrator and ridiculous 3D animations 2 - get 15 million EU funding, purchase german cars, real estate etc 3 - Rince and repeat for as long as possible. The essence of the project is : doing well for oneself with EU fundings, an art mastered by eastern europe countries "startup ecosystem" since a few decades already.
At this point i watched so many of adam’s videos that I can smell the bullshit a mile away
I love a good Adam train rant.
The obvious solution to the perceived need for high speed rail is to describe the top velocity of existing rail systems in terms of meters per hour rather than kilometers per hour.  One hundred kilometers per hour doesn’t sound very fast but 100,000 meters per hour sounds really fast.  It would be even more impressive sounding in the USA where there are 5,280 feet to each mile.  By adopting this system, we could instantly have high speed rail and only have to pay for the printing costs of changing our literature from kilometers per hour to meters per hour.
So its a funding application.
see i'm polish and i'm ashemed that our people "discover" trains again...
Looks like the techbros also invented wallets lol
What was the spaceship at 10:09 from?
and this "startup" is gladly sucking EU funds since more than 4 years now, at the very elast 2.5 milliion + 15 million, previously they were "hyper-poland" the polands hyperloop, lol. Well, i guess the "funders" are doing very well for themselves, probably bought few german cars and some real estate by now.  By the way half of polands railway is not even electrified.
German trains aren't punctual? We're living in the worst timeline.
Please make video about Indonesian new high speed train which have top speed 350 km/hour. Is it worth or not?
would really appreciate putting alternate units on screen for speeds etc. it's really not much effort and if I have to google things myself to get the full context of your video that's not really an ideal situation.
The real question I have to ask is why the heel do they look like low budget submarines
That sims 2 music caught me off guard lmao
Tech Bro hasn't yet discovered the benefits of Single Passenger Trains
10:09 Unexpected Atlas :o
Did not expect to hear the Starcraft soundtrack in an Adam Something video
There is a principal here, much like carcinization, where any tech bro invention left to evolve for a long enough period will take on train like characteristics
Techbros turn 27 and choose one hyperfixation to be their personality for the next 5 years.
Isn't the innovation here the propulsion system? If the propulsion system could get a more conventional looking train to higher speeds by retrofitting existing high speed track then I don't see a problem here.   Also fully autonomous trains are entirely possible I work on a autonomous network.
10:00 - 12:00 Techbro69; Order in advance!? But what about my instant gratification!!?? *downvote*
personally i'm actually a huge fan of replacing air freight with something slower and less reliable
I suspect that the only reason techbros are so fascinated with trains is because they listened to the "Atlas Shrugged" audiobook (or had their nanny read it to them) one time too many.
whenever these guys actually recognize a problem in their concept, their answer is AI
… Japan is already constructing a maglev train lol
"copper theft" ah yes because theyre totally gonna steal high voltage exposed copper beams off the rails while i agree yes it would be stealable, the only reason they would put a third rail would be to power it, which if youre pumping power down that line youll need a LOT of voltage to overcome such resistances, which of course wont mix well with any sort of so much as a squirrel passing by its like having an exposed power line laying on the ground which is 100% gonna turn some poor ass copper thief crackhead into a pile of ash. its like the reason we stopped using railway dynamite to signal to drivers to slow down, because people would try to steal it and get their fucking hands blown off
I feel I need to apologize for my fellow citizens for burning resources to develop something like that. On the upside from quick google search it seems that they mainly scammed Polish government and local investors for money
I... Was not expecting Starcraft music in this. Hm.
Bro your intro had me DYYYIINNGG lmfao. "Oh my god, it happened" xD.
Tomorrow they'll push an octogonal wheel - and surely they'll find some donors. Difficult to tell what's worse.
Why do tech bros hate the way things work in reality? Because they were raised in an environment where everything needed is handed to them on a silver platter that they fail to develop the skills needed to solve complex problems.
"punctuality measured by a maximum five minute delay at the destination" Amtrak: "ah yes, a maximum five hou- WAIT WHAT? MINUTE?!"
This video inspired me, to play Broodwar once more.
These pods are so ugly
10:09 Nice to put StarCraft soundtrack in your video, very unusual but welcome. Adam Something is a Terran SCV confirmed
I designed a “hyperloop” maglev train as a 3rd grader. Additionally the train between Kansas City and Chicago is relaxing compared to driving.
You should use MPH, in addition it should be prominent with KMPH in parentheses on the right
Mmmm. UNATCO theme.   Enemy unknown!
Hey you leave the Atlas out of it that thing is my Waifu.
10:10 I saw that Atlas freighter Adam something plays Star sector dude that is so awesome can I invite you to walk the path of ludd my brother?
What if rather than being limited by existing rails, we used a series of aerodynamic surfaces to keep the pod stable, and made it so that it could move clear of the ground entirely so it would not interfere with other crossings and could by-pass obstacles? Oh wait, that is an airplane.
"This whole cargo system is made obsolete by Gmail and a wall calender" LMFAO. This is so funny and insulting to that train company
"it needs to be airtight due to the pressure differential" To be fair, 100 m/s windchill would help cut down on air conditioning costs.
Oh! I had a question for you Mr. Something. With all the tech bros and normies focusing on self-driving systems, it got me wondering why we aren't looking into RC transport and cargo? Not for most everyday tasks, but I feel like it would have some applications, like in servicing remote communities or for super long distance trips.
7:25 Wait, Germans are less efficient than Italians here  👀 poof goes the stereotype 🌫 And speaking of stereotypes Slowvenia 🐌😄
Nice Starsector reference. Wasn't expecting an Atlas in a video like this.10:09
Self driving trains already exist dont they? I catch one to work everyday
you have to note that for the punctuality calculation in germany all trains that just didnt come at all or got cancelled are not measured... and trains get cancalled here a lot...
I hope Adam will do an indepth review of the New Zealand train "system" one day.
this is like the concord, which failed for good reason
!!!
A TGV can already reach 574km/h, theoretically.
As an American, I can agree that our passenger rail systems suck. Freight is hauled all over the country via railway, but we can’t have passenger trains that do the same? To go halfway across the country, you’ll have to spend hundreds of dollars in gas both ways, or a couple hundred max in round trip tickets on a train. That makes much more sense than driving a car that distance.
One of these days I truly hope the pod becomes useful somewhere.
I mean, technically, by some metric, this represents huge progress for the tech bros. Give it ten to fifteen years and we might see the beginnings of understanding of economy of scale.
@11:50 I just couldn't take it, lost it entirely right there.
Deep respect for the UNATCO theme. Deus Ex has been prophetic in many ways, after all...
Same as all other tech-bro ideas; “What if [high value thing] but WE owned it?”.
~ P O D S ~
The aim for higher speeds is ridiculous. Trains like the TGV and ICE are already plenty fast and guess what, the new ICE is set to only go 250.
Give it up.  People have rights.  You cannot just obliterate their communities to build endless miles of high speed rail corridors that cannot be crossed by people or wildlife.
Wasn't expecting a starsector screencap in this, but certainly welcome
Honestly this feels like tech bros watch your videos and do this just to spite you
Wait until tech bros invent planes, which are just flying pods.
German trains are worst tahn France? SNCF, the french's train company, is already a laughing joke for its punctuality ^^' Although, french tend to complain a lot, I used the train a lot as a stuedent, it wasn't remotely as bad as people like to make fun of them XD
The only thing the nevomo promo sold me on was a new pair of Adidas superstars they kept showing.
We already have a very convenient method of travelling at 550 km/h or faster. This is called an commercial airliner. It's fast enough to cover any long-distance trip needs. For shorter trips that are within country borders there are other things that shorten the trip than sheer speed. It's the number of stops, punctuality and frequency of service. If your trip needs 2 train switches and the frequency of service is terrible you will waste hours waiting on these switches despite trains travelling at 500 km/h. Therefore all that time saved with high speed goes to the toilet.
So, about those mixed systems of rail... If you ever explored Canada's passenger rail outside the Golden Horseshoe, you would be very impressed by the 8-hour lateness and stuff.
starcraft terran theme. nice.
Its fun seeing Adam hype up the train line I use every day (Z70 line) in every other video to over a million subscribers. Makes you feel like you are taking part in something bigger every time you arrive to work 15 minutes late on that thing.
Great video as usual
Also, you know, moving at 500 km/h would cause ridiculous rail wear even if they manage to get the pods to kinda float along their psuedo-maglev junk. The side profiles would wear out way faster than normal, and those are the only thing keeping the trains on the rails instead of sliding off.
At least the pod stations are built out of highest-quality Renderite!
I believe you didn't get the whole picture or didn't treat Nevomo fair on purpose. Also I don't know if they post less info in English vs Polish, but I would say that's unlikely.  1. They are mostly speaking about upgrades / modules for existing trains nowadays. Especially about Booster packs for freight (if I remember the name correctl). You can use this technology without the pods. 2. This technology doesn't have to be used for speed. It can be used for higher acceleration to maximum speed allowed for given track after stopping at the station. Similar for decellaration. 3. Even if you want to have 550kmph you can build a separate track that connects to the existing infrastructure for stations only. And it would be more practical and cheaper than the new maglev shinkansen being built by the Japanese. 4. Steel tracks can also be stolen. Why are we using them then? 5. Multiple rail companies and also EU institution seem to be interested in technology and have signed agreements with Nevomo. It seems they could know what may or may not be a 'stupid idea' as you have called it.  This idea mixes the best of maglev and traditional rail even on fragments, where you would need separate infrastructure. I think this video doesn't paint the whole picture an may be you didn't do enough research.
Don't you just love when tech bros try and re-invent the wheel
If driver-less trains save so much money, imagine how much we could save with passenger-less trains!?
Okay, now turn them into NFT's.
Can someone tell me which game the spaceship at 10:10 is from? It feels vaguely familiar.
There will always been another idea grifter trying to sell for a century old invention until they all get a object lesson in why money doesn't buy intelligence, complimentary with their fiberglass bathysphere trip to the Titanic
AdamSomething when Train: 🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵😩😩😩😩😩😩😩😩💦💦💦💦
I like to picture these with Kickstarter videos where the creators have to go on camera and sell themselves as well. "I'm Nathan, creator of Traims. I've never worked in transport in any way, but I hate it when my Amazon prime package is a day late and when someone farts on the commuter bus. That's why I invented... Rail Transport™️. Traims: it's like cars! But Traims."
Oh Hyperloop has finally been proven a scam? I mean, anyone with a mostly functional brain has always seen it for what it is, but are there any resources I can point to and share with people that decidedly confirms this?
the speeds that are traveled now are too fast for the present quality of tracks in the US. Any faster and things get hairy
Honestly, trains are completely capable of being automated with our current tech level. It is unions, investment cost, and general tech paranoia that keeps it from happening. Look at Australia. Also its not gravel, its ballast, ballast is a type of gravel but not all gravel is ballast.
Ride in the pods, eat the bugs
I think that you are mispronouncing "India", which you say as "Chai-na". Of course, that pronunciation is so last century. Please correct yourself.😉
Please do a video on super computer Elon is planning to build in Memphis, Tn. xAI
They should run it on The Line in Saudi Arabia 😂
10:09 Took me a while to place this music, then I started giggling. Bonus points for including it.
You're not getting Lev3 Cyclops speeds from retrofittable track.
If you think American trains are a joke, wait until you see Canadian trains. To start, we have two cross-country trains. Not two train lines, two trains. They each travel across the country once per week, taking 4 days to do so (which is worse than it was in the 90s, when it only took three days). Even with that extra leeway, the trains are still usually delayed by over 12 hours, with a punctuality rate of 8%. Economy class tickets start at $500 each way during off-peak season, and don't even include a bed or meals on a 4 day journey. If you want the sleeper cabin, which comes with meals, you could be paying as much as $2500 each way.  An equivalent airplane flight is less than 5 hours, has many flights per day, costs $100-200 each way, and is usually on time.
American rails are barely good enough to carry normal trains these days. Our infrastructure is crumbling, yay. So how on earth could a train moving 5x faster on that rain?
Self-driving trains only work on a dedicated line that has no crossovers with other lines. They’ve got them in Vancouver which were quite fun to ride, but in order to transfer to another line you have to walk out of the station and down the road to the other station, which I found quite odd.
SOLAR FREAKING RAILROADS!!!
Love the Age of Empires II music towards the end ❤
“Took inspection of hyperloop” is just the best explanation to any idiotic project
7:55 Love to see my hometown of Mannheim shown in one of ur videos again, even if it's to show the inefficiency of German rail :)
They're coming for the trains.  Now it's personal for Adam.
7:17 This graphic is deceptive, as it shows Germany's high speed rail punctuality and compares it to other countries general punctuality as most of them have no high speed rail whatsoever. The Swiss don't (at least regular, only speeding above 200km/h in case of delays ironically), the danish don't, Hungary doesn't, Czechia doesn't yet (but plans to) and Slovenia also doesn't. A fair comparison would be German rail having a punctuality of ~90%, placing it firmly in the top bracket. It is also incorrect in places. The SBB NEVER had a punctuality of 98%. It's highest rate was in 2020, as probably with all of these countries, and only reached 93,4%. (although it's difficult to compare since for them the definition of punctuality is a bit different)
Adam Something soothes my soul.
Clearly those guys have never looked at an actual highspeed rail line and wondered why those things look the way they do. I watched like 1 documentary about european high speed trains and it took about 5min into that to understand that you could never run a trai..pod on regular rails at those speeds without it immediately derailing and killing everyone aboard.
What frustrates me the most about these things honestly isn't even the concept itself, it's the fact that the idiots spending their time creating these fantasies are making lavish salaries.
this is the guy who gonna make train edit on short
You forgot to mention, Adam, that heat also plays a huge part in speed. Once the temperature hits 30+ Celsius rail lines start to expand, meaning that trains must run considerably slower on those days.
First thought is "what the f*ck is that"
We will make everything better, just give us billions of dollars and we'll produce some nice vapourware videos.
e fuels was the porsche give away XD
I absolutely love your usage of good ol' games music in your recent videos :)
those freight maglev cars look like something out of og half life 2 train cars
People keep forgetting the capacity is the main thing that makes trains make sense. Speed is nice but only useful in the service of adding more capacity. This is why I’m very skeptical that Japan’s SC Maglev was the correct answer to improving the Tokyo to Osaka route. A parallel conventional Shinkansen line would make a lot more sense.
Ah yes, this reminds me of the people reinventing the "sail"
I type my comment as the ad runs - a win win?  Cheers from a freezing Canberra AU.
Dont forget the bit coin mining rig per pod
If two of these pods were travelling in opposite directions, full speed, in a two-track single bore tunnel, the combined shockwave as they passed would crack the tunnel lining.
There is actually an area train pods make perfect sense. Yet, the tech bros aren’t interested because it isn’t flashy enough: Connecting Rural areas and small towns/cities that don’t have enough traffic/people to support a conventional trains and train routes to bigger cities but do have unused rail lines. A German company has developed a pod that uses only one of the two rails of a rail line and can safely pass each other. Sadly, rather than fill a need, the tech pros made it only have a range, so it could only be used within a city and look fancy. To them, the market for connecting cities wasn’t cool enough, so making the pods bigger or towing a rechargeable battery so it could connect cities was never considered. They did make the pods automated but this actually makes more sense going to or from small cites/towns instead of within a city because of the very low population density and thus very little chance of hitting something or someone. Here hoping they can see the profit that could be made by creating a product that fills a need not already being met.
Pods have the ~ Potential ~ to be a net improvement if done right, but can still be done with everything else being 90% the same as conventional trains.  Lets say we do eventually get a HSR somewhere in the midwest - Chicago to Denver as an example. Point to point at 300kph that's about 5 hours from downtown to downtown, which is faster than flying if you account for travel to/from airports and all the other headaches that go with it. The problem is once you start adding more cities along the way, that insist on being included to support the rail project, the total travel time becomes less feasible. So you are left with two options:  1) Shorter trip (by time) that has maybe a few stops (Say Springfield, St Louis, and Kansas City for this example)  2) stopping at all towns along the way at a cost of a few hours of delay (hard to quickly work the math out for exact numbers)  In an ideal world - all these express trains (high speed or otherwise) would have matching time tables that would get a small trains arriving before the HSR makes its stop, then leaving shortly after for anyone getting off. This gets the best of both worlds: - Short total duration to make the rail as useful as possible - Local communities are fully serviced which has massive implications for people living there, and for giving people that work in major cities an option to live far from work.  The problem is you would need to operate dozens of trains at a major loss all along this route to make this work, as you'd only be servicing a handful of people a few times per day. This is where pods can be useful ~in theory~  If you had train cars that could be operated as a regular train car, and an autonomous pod for the "last mile" of the journey, you have the capability to serve an incredibly wide network of towns, on just one line. In a fancy setup - the pods in the back of the train can split off from the main train to take passengers to a local town, and a new train can join on for new joining passengers. This of course, requires autonomous trains which is not possible as the video mentions, but by restricting a given pod to one region you can simplify the constraints  This is also why the electric train car pods have some merit - on major lines we can build out tracks with overhead power, and the locomotive can just pull from that - but on the regional lines it will take a lot more time and money to overhaul the tracks.   TLDR - if done correctly HSR with pods can reap all the benifits of traditional trains, with the ability to serve more local areas. BUT theres still some major technical and process challenges before its possible to do correctly
I suppose you have to jump on and off the pods while they are moving too, so they don't have to stop every every 2 minutes while in cities too.
i have to admit i love you adam. you changed lots of my views on the world. mostly that innovation doesnt mean progress in lots of cases. with your videos i can also appreciate to live in leipzig a lot more! i hope so much that one day i sit on a park bench and recognize your familiar voice and hungarian accent. then my dream comes true! i wish you all the best <3
isn't this totally like a transrapid, that already failed miserably and was at best suited for short-distance travel on dedicated rails? they should build a k*ller-looping in the tracks
It's unfair to say the FPD is in the pockets of porsche, other large car manufacturers also want a slice of the corruption cake the FDP is cooking, and they are getting it too!
... why does the control system graphic have an entry pointing at Iceland? There is no rail system of any kind here.
I see my country i press like ... Oh no wait  What? No no no 😂😂😂
The FDP is neither "libertarian" as an American would understand it, nor are they under "the direct control of Porsche". Stick to the facts, please.
Dear Ekster, You have either paid an astronomical price to have this man call this "impressive" and have now shut down this channel as it's his last video based on your sponsorship in which case I hate you. OR you actually make a decent product. Sincerely, An Ekster owner and channel supporter
i love how tech bros just discover more ways to make trains worse than the length of american freight trains
You may as well just add wings and have them travel much higher so nothing is in their way and they don't need any infrastructure besides the ports at the end.
really every video of yours is a delicious treat. And thankfully we won't run short of tech bro's anytime soon, so keep them coming dear content creator.   I can't wait for the next group of carefully dissected "transport innovators"...   Oh, and by the way, you can give the American railway system, or the "broader public transport", another good talking to. (No pun intended, though I had a good laugh too after writing it)  Or take a dive into the past, and shed some light on how the car industry has really ruined every decent urban area.   I live in The Hague, and PCC car trams used to run there. They were something special, for the time actually a brilliant concept. True examples of the beauty of effective functional design, intended for public instead of individuals.  I recently stumbled across a video of a PCC car museum in the States where they even had an old Hague PCC car shipped to. I'm certain I've been riding that car when it still was in service. It surprised me, why would they take such an effort ?   So I asked about it in the coments. It turned out that they had done that to give visitors the chance to show them "what could have been".   Little did I know that those third generation PCC cars never ran in the States at all. Cause those magnificent zoning laws made cities deliberately demolish their heritage to create parking spaces. There wasn't much left to go to anyhow. Oh dear, these poor people. And they don't even know...*  While, or perhaps _because_ the design and style of those PCC cars gave public transport flair. But of course that wasn't allowed. Only _cars_ have flair of course.  Stupid me ;-p  *) The fact of the matter is that those people really don't have a clue. We in Europe have rebuilt whole cities after they were wiped out. Ieperen, Belgium, for example. Completely destroyed in WW1, but if you'd walk there today, you'd swear it's always been there from the start, somewhere in the middle ages. There's no give aways, brilliantly done.  (Coincidentally, it's the town where the term "wiping out" originates from. True fact)  Or bombed to the ground in WW2, like Dresden. And there's more examples  (Also of places where they completely botched that idea like Rotterdam).  My point being; if a any amount of American citizen can be made to realise that they can demand of their local government they rebuild all historically functional buildings _to their closest approximation,_ they get their cities back. So the citizens can go there again and (re)connect with eachother on the human scale it was designed for. It could potentially even be an antidote for that poisoned atmosphere of (designed) devidedness in their society I think. It's certain to create a lot of jobs, that are by nature designed to be filled by small contractors.   By giving people their places to intermingle (back), it's not unlikely these divides will decrease in intensity (there's an Utopian in all of us).  At least, it is my reflection on that collection of subject. Fed by numerous vids seen concerning this, from even so much angles. Thing is, no one brings _this_ point home.    I will never be able to create something where this specific angle could really come across unfortunately. I'm an artisan craftsman. I lack the skills, not the vision.    So, if you see what I mean, and feel how I feel about it, please feel free do what you do best.   Do it for the sake of those relatively innocent American civilians who'd otherwise _never_ get a clue that these things are even remotely possible. _That_ would _really_ make the world a bit better.   You're the man. You could bring it home in a majestical way
It seems like trains are the result of Carcinization of transit. You can't avoid it without being willfully ignorant or dismissive.
10:11 STARSECTOR MENTIONED!
Spongebob sound effects AND Wii shop music? Bro's COOKING
ASFA is the GOAT 😎
"cars can move themselves in the yard" these guys are gonna freak out when they find out about hump yards.
I mean, wind generated by 550 km/h pod can be used for electricity generation to mine bitcoin and recap capital expenses required for infrastructure modification, you just need to stot be so close-minded. We just need to install walls with turbines along the way of rail tracks, but with the price of Bitcoin approaching 1 trillion gazilion dollars investment can be easily returned
db is such a tragedy...
Love your videos you are a very funny narrator even when using truth to B.S. and logic I always have a blast with your videos - Thanks so very much!!
Not sure why I even bothered pausing the video at the punctuality chart to see if the UK were near the top lmao
If I make my dream company eventually @Adamsomething I definitely want you to be the chief of product safety because you do think about that stuff. And also realism. I mean my ideas are REALY experimental and some have been thought of like the magnetic heat shield and also the lightning power plant, but I would actually want to got into the prototype phase and robots that use electro active fibers for a stand in for what we have as muscle tissue.
Can someone remind me what the music is at 10:09? I feel like it's from some game I've played before, but I can't remember it :(
11:52 Techbro baguette derails at 550kph, killing dozens.
550kph on german tracks?
I learned this shit as a kid playing with lego rails and trains. When you go too fast on a turn (especially turns made for lower speeds) with your train the train will derail, how are these tech bros so stupid?
Why so negative. They are half on the way. Now just redesign it a bit, remove the magnetic drive - no more thrid rail required. Turns out you can transfer power directly to the rail. And then instead of one pod, make it more efficient by coupling a few of them togehter. Perfect.
did the tech bros get paid? by whom?
The American train system looks like magic compared to the Canadian system. A ticket to go one way from Toronto to Vancouver is $1000  takes 4 days and you can only leave on a Wednesday. Daily flights are $282.
Tjanks, Adam. Grate video!
Adam make a video about cryptocurrency
There is much to be said about the role of the car industry in Germany and about how shit the train punctuality is, but let's please stay factual.   Unlike France, Germany isn't a near empty desert surrounding one central mega city with some medium cities on the outermost periphery, but a relatively densely populated, yet also evenly spread out system of small, medium and larger cities. Those cities also generally have city center train stations. This means that there is a high amount of potential high speed lines that would need to be build for a separate system, which would have to compete with regular lines in general, but especially on the approaches to stations with little to no extra space being available for expansion of the latter. Now add to that the incredibly prevalent NIMBY culture (not to mention bureaucracy) which prevents anything from being built this side of 30 years and you get a system where essentially only the existing lines can maybe get upgraded (at the cost of significant disruptions of an already overtaxed system) because the state/DB already has right of way there.  I WISH the automotive industry was to blame for the German rail network, because that would mean there was an easy fix; but no, unfortunately it is the people themselves that are the problem - and the politicians, media and laws enabling the rampant NIMBYism in the first place. And - to a smaller extent - Germany's population geographics.
Yeah i was wondering, how would they retrofit existing tracks when the track speed limit still applies
2:00 I think everyone in the world agrees A  train can be called a fast train if it is capable of traveling 200km per hour along the entire track.   2:27 Trains with a speed of 160-200 km are called semi-fast trains
And then there's this: why go faster? Train rides are enjoyable.
13:55 - That was a quick journey this time to turn this thing into a regular train lol.
Fun fact: I have no end date on in Transport Fever so I can run the little railbuses for eternity.
The thing everyone needs to understand is these aren't engineering ideas. They're marketing ideas. They're an aesthetic designed to sell HSR to Republican voters as the next big thing and they are succeeding. Traintubers take note.
I've got the feeling, youtube wants to cancel you. Even after 6 reloads, I cannot watch this video without heavy loading interruptions while all other videos run smoothly :/
why wait for 20 passengers going pass in one of these fucking pods (because their tickets are like 1000 euros one way) lol.
laughs in indian
How Adam learned to stop worrying and love tech trains
Their briliant idea is "What if Slovenská strela but with magnets!"
The amount of stupidy that NEVOMO put in this idea
All these juiceros are made for the same sole purpose.
I just love your voice. Your accent is sexy. Love your videos.
So instead of the joke being french cars, the actual joke is the rest of the world relying on cars while france has been living in the future on trains for decades...
Why do you not put spain's high-speed railway system as an example? It is the best in Europe by far
The funniest thing is that Japan is testing similar mag-lev but is actually using trains, not pods
Hilarious, disappointing & strangely encouraging all at the same time .... the tec bros nearly invent trains {re brand cars as pods still metal egos for chosen few..... no sense of mass transit being ..like you know for the masses }
I wonder if 4000 years ago there were like tech bros who tried to reinvent the wheel
Holy shit is that a starsector freight ship at 10:10? That game is so goated; I'm surprised anyone knows about it.
"ni hao need 20 container fast"  you jest but this is literally what 90% of correspondence with china tends to look like
0 days since some idiot tried to uninvent trains
They “reinvented” trains and called a “Pods” which is like idiot tech bro catnip.
This idea using linear motors could actually work.... if they use trains instead of pods
That Czech Republic train crashing joke was out of pocket!🤣🤣🤣
Adam was either really high or drunk when he put the damm atlas from starsector on the video 10.09
Have you read Bent Flyvbjerg’s “How big things get done”? I think you’d enjoy it and it would give you even more arguments against tech-bro mega projects.
Yeah but Adam, how else are they going to scam old billionaires out of their investment money if they don't promise to bring them the fucking Jetsons IRL.
Catch you all later when Well There's Your Problem covers "the incident"
ghetto money clip and nothing to put the coins in? this techbro wallet is about as well thought out as automated train pods.
What a stupid thing to hate on
Call me a fatass but that train looks like salmon sushi 🍣
That's not a rail service, that's a travelling exhibition 😂
I know polish noble-savages is a racist myth but I was really hoping we were free from 'innovators' like these
35K thumbs up, literally 0 thumbs down (at the moment of commenting). That's a miracle in the making.
Playing starcraft music is great  Esspecially as, in this super high tech distant future setting, Humans still use fairly normal trains for both fright and inner city transit (shown in Wings of liberty and Nova covert ops, respectively), and they refuse to use pods, except to drop people from battlecruisers into black holes. Or onto cheese spots.
I’ve always thought that maglev tracks would be much more common on other planets if we colonize, because right now you have to compete with centuries of regular rail. If we have to build new infrastructure from scratch, we probably won’t use typical rail systems. We’ll leapfrog.
I suggest we make the future train, its a normal train with chrome plating and led lights? The purpose, to use people's susceptibility of flashy, shiny objects to get them to invest in expanding and using exisiting rail networks. Because it's FUTURE, people will take videos, say 'Wow' and ride it for the novelty of riding a FUTURE train, only to discover, its fast, convinent, and a great way to get about. We will use their ignorance against them, to improve their stupid lives. That and they can spend more time on their phone because they are not driving on the road, so, real selling point right there.
5:59 "that's not a rail service, that's a travelling exhibition" 🤣🤣🤣
10:08 Atlas mk2 is undeniably better at freighting cargo. It can transport it from other people to you. Don't choose suboptimal hull variants next time, captain.
Thing: *exists*  Tech bro: what if I made that thing worse and paid myself a huge fucking salary to do it?
Music from Starcraft, Age of Empires, and other classics. Adam is a man of culture, no doubt about it.
2:49 look at how fast the train-I mean pod decelerates. I'm pretty sure astronauts don't even experience such G-forces
10:09 Fuck yeah for SC1 soundtrack.
"This time they almost built an actual train"... lol. I feel like all these projects are meant to entice rich investors with the idea of an individual car moving extremely fast from A to B while ignoring the laws of both traffic and physics. The concept of efficiency (and reality) is foreign to them. Why would you share a slow moving vehicle with 2000 smelly strangers if you're rich after all.
This sounds like the kind of thing that tech bros would pitch to the American government in order to slow down any attempt to modernize American passenger rail. And you know what? It would likely work because American politicians are like the dog that chases a ball you held instead of throwing.
7:34 uff... as a german I have to admit that this truth hits hard - even though we do know about it
10:10 Oh wow, Starsector's Atlas. The thing i least expected in Adam Something video, but happy to see nonetheless also PORSCHE DID WHAT???
Moral of the story, Tech bros is not and should stop thinking they're experts to solve anything. If we let their ego they might think they can do anything and get away with it
60 seconds in and my first thought is "no, you can't just put magnets on and go at 400 km/h on normal rail tracks".  They bend and turn for trains designed to go at 100-150 km/h.  You go at fast speeds down those bends, you'll end up flying off the rails and killing everyone.  So you'll have to slow down to NORMAL SPEEDS.  But then tech bros can't make money so...
I often live by the rule “there is no such thing as unskilled labor.” But tech bros completely destroy that rule. They don’t seem capable of developing skills
Man, you must be fun to hand out with at parties
As an American... Adam has convinced me it's time to start looking into this advanced "train" technology the Europeans have discovered.    Siri... Have my Tesla take me to the town hall to discuss "trains."    Siri?  Tesla?  Hello?
I realized some time ago that essentially all these ideas can be boiled down to: *Low latency, low bandwidth.* In other words, "Let's invent a FASTER form of transportation, for FEWER people." Which makes sense when you're a billionaire. Why care about the plebs?
STARSECTOR REFERENCE LETS GOOOOOOO
What is your opinion on Flexy by SNCF ?
As a Dutch person seeing our trains are some of the most punctual is just hilarious. Complaining about delays is one of the main pastimes here and I have to admit I definitely FEEL like the trains are running late a lot.
We improved the wheel by turning it into a triangle!
Wow, I even enjoyed the Ekster commercial. 😮
bro really used a contanor from gmod
ITS THE ATLASSSSSSS
starcraft terran theme!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you take a certain turn in a car at a low speed you're probably fine but if you take that same turn at 500kmph you're probably dead. It's the same for trains and that has to be the biggest oversight in this brainrot idea of retrofitting tracks to accommodate this maglev train. In Japan, where they are actively close to finishing building a maglev rail line, it has its own entire railroad because the curves and gradients for that kind of speed do not exist alongside, let alone within, the existing railroad network.
This is a great idea. It just needs some minor tweaks. Take it off the public rail system and have it run on planar surfaces not on rails but on wheels with a high friction outer edge. Maybe aim for, say, 4 occupant pods rather than 20 and place the power unit within the vehicle. That may involve some reduction in speed to a max of maybe 350kph but allows for greater flexibility in scheduling.
These things baffle me every time, but this one's egregious. I'm stunned by the idiocy on display. As an electromechanical design engineer, it makes me wonder what we could come up with that would be the dumbest possible idea to successfully part investors and their money. This video has really lowered that bar for me. They want to use existing track?!
salute for random starsector reference
With the amount of money this would need thrown at it, might as well just copy Japan's already existing tried and true high speed maglev system. Mostly because it's both high speed and requires an independent rail network that's built specifically to prioritize passenger destinations instead of freight ones.
Guess they should call them *Brains.* Because they’re “Tech Bro” trains…  _I’ll see myself out._
No, they know less than nothing about rail. _I_ know nothing about rail, and I know that you can't move 550 kph on existing tracks.
Wow, hyperloop without tube, amazing...😧
07:19 German trains are a bit late, at times. Meanwhile in Romania: your train is 4 hours late, because the train station has no electricity. Or because the locomotive broke down. Isn't that funny?
you forget that the pod is clearly built with a pointy bit on the end, so when you go 550 and slam into the passenger train in front of you you will simply tunnel through it, only killing their pedestrians instead of yours. it's like when they advertised the cybertruck as the car that will kill the other car's passengers in a crash instead of yours
What is the track that plays during the 4. title card (Freight)? I swear it's from some 90s computer game.
Porsche Minister Lindner is truly awful.
the email to the chinese company had me on the floor LMAO 🤣
This scam will be ab easy sell to gullible oil rich dictatorships.
One scene from Logan's Run and everyone's a futurist
Little note here. The conventional rail speed record is 574km/h. About 357mph. This was set on the LGV Est before it opened. The train was modified with more powerful motors and bigger wheels. The overhead wire was also pushing 31kv.
Has anyone tried reminding rich ppl that private cars exist? I feel like we could sell them on investing in train infrastructure if they remembered that you can have essentially a luxury apartment attached to the peasant transport machine and it can be engineered so you never have to think about or interact with the unwashed masses like us  Like, imagine "pods" that slot into place on existing trains using some fancy future system (bcz they are tech bros and we can't just use the regular switch yards for them) with arms and elevators and traction motors to get it into position (don't worry - once it's on its special carrying car (essentially a rizzed up flatbed), it will be towed by the engine like all the other cars)
Tech bros don’t understand functional designs, and why somethings don’t change over time. LIKE A TRAIN
I love the Sims music!!
ouch, Amtrak burn.  God I wish we had European rail in the US.  The bloody overnight trains from Budapest to Bucharest 20 years ago are better than anything in the US today.
0:53 This BS idea died right here. In the first scentence about it. That's so ridiculously absurd. Did they get these ideas in a fever dream?
The bit about copper reminded me of a local news story some years back. Copper was going for like $3 a pound and some guy a few cities over had a roughly 1,000lb copper statue in his back yard. As this was a time when people were regularly stealing manhole covers to sell for scrap, only the statue owner was surprised when it got stolen
The "background" soundtrack of this video....there is StarCraft and then there is Age of Empires 2. I can't handle this!
Also wait hold on, Japan already made a train like this? xD The Chūō Shinkansen, its in a straigt line and haves stuff build specifically for it, shields and all that and its way above groud  The fact some techbro thinks he can just slap those on a European track network is nuts
Surprised “Physics” wasn’t a section. Pretty sure the grades and material of most extant tracks would literally make anything traveling close to 550kmh even on a straightaway explode.  Edit: Ah, I skimmed, sorry. I would’ve just lead with that.
Do tech bros scare riding a train with strangers? Why do they love tiny little cradles? Shoutouts from (borderline) punctual and highly saturated Japanese MRT.
If the U.S. rail system is “a joke” then the Canadian system is “telling someone they have terminal cancer and 30 days to live”
@AdamSomething should do bad movie reviews.
550km/h is not even the speed record of the TGV which was 574.8km/h in 2007 (record established on a track portion dedicated to that obviously, far from any homes and well cleared of trees and other stuff).
I have to wonder how many techbro 'plans' are just due to them being arrogant bloody fools, versus how many are things they don't seriously expect to work, but do expect to get them more money before enough people with authority realize it's a scam, like Elon and the hyperloop.
Loved the AoE soundtrack xD
With all the madness around, it dont gonna be a surprise that they decided to pay them. Currently, for some shitty european decition, the bottles are more uncomfartable to open, so, not a surprise that the decided to change something that works for another more shittier option.😅
Ok , they are making “Sports Train”
It's worth noting that we had HSR capable of 500km/h+ all the way back un 1990. French TVGs achirved this speed when pushed to the limit.  Obviously, hypothetical max speed and operational max speed are two very different things, but the point is we've had trains that could compete with this thing on speed for nearly 25 years and yet we havent pushed them pass 350km/h.  You've got to assume there is some pretty majorn fundamental reason for that. I'd assume the sheer cost of infastructure to support higher speeds is simply not outweighed by the reduced travel time from the higher speeds.  If your existing HSR service takes an hour to complete it's journey, then going up to 500km/h is going to save maybe 10mins? Thats cool but at what cost? Is 50mins travel time really that much better then 1hr travel time?   So it needs to be a long route right? Well that also means more cost building the route to the required standard simply because there is more of it to build.  The base assumption with a lot of the tech bro hsr stuff is faster always means better, but thats not the safest assumtion to make.
Japan is building a new maglev line that can go ~600km/hr. They're separating the tracks from their existing high speed lines and it'll be almost entirely underground.
It looks like weird baguette.
It's DEEP bro.  You just don't get it.  /s
Speed is good bro because you can make more use of the tracks and rolling stock, not rocket science bubba hahaha. Really do more research before making a video.
[waves to the TYP podcast team] I know you're here.  ;)
ni hao need 20 more videos fast, tjanks
I think a "tech bro" took this guy's girlfriend or something. haha bro, just move on 🤡😂
Uh-oh...Italy's trains are on time only 67% of the time......Don't worry, Mussolini's great grandson will get them running on time
"It's the fucking pods again" really cracked me up. :D
Bitcoin miner trains ftw!
I asssume they just want to trick investors in to thinking that the limiting factor is the train instead of the track... Well... yeah...
~7:20 This is hilarious viewing from the U.S. with our abysmal standard for public transit regularity. If public transport is only 20 minutes late where I'm at, then that particular driver is doing pretty well. I may be in a particularly bad region for it (NW), but I generally assume a bus will arrive sometime within an hour of its 'scheduled' arrival or a train within ~20 minutes. The only location in the U.S. where I've experienced public transit with semi-reliable <10 minute late times was the New York City subway.
i do wish europe would seriously invest into maglev tho, the real one like japan not tech bro shit..
Hey Adam, big fan of all your work! That being said, I am begging on my hands and knees for you to stop using, or at least drastically scale back your use of the “Kinetichesky Pesok” royalty-free whimsical background song in your videos. I recognize that YouTubers are limited in their options when it comes to royalty-free music, but this song has been everywhere for as long as I can remember, and it drives me insane. Please consider finding another whimsical jingle. Thank you for your consideration.
Next up: a runaway that extends from NYC to LA with hovering pods going at 500 mph
Adam plays Starsector omg!
wow this guy sis an expert at how rail works, I'm sure he has loads of experience and isn't just some random youTuber 😂💩🤡
I always die laughing when people shit on our German Train system xD Truely funny that the (cruely translated) "Land of Thinkers and Poets" and its punctual People stererotype (amoung others ;D) is a land with quite bad basic school system and a Train network notorious for its comicaly bad delays, errors and missmanagement. All amongst your run of the mill lobbying and incompetant governant.
2:28 whelp either China or Indonesia who had High speed train goes 350kmh. I think TGV actually can go up to 350kmh too
I love the idea they came up with for freight. One container at a time is genius 😂
I honestly don't get the speed part of all those "super-mega-mk-ultra gadgetbahs". Look, regular train speeds are fine, just give me a comfy chair and let me have less exchanges when traveling abroad. That's all I'm asking
I'd rather buy a Tesla than have to ride a train with other people.
Imagine a world...
You might be interested, that germany had a testing range for those trains. Guess what... It crashed and was one of the worst train accidents in the history of germany. It was called Trans-rapid.
Bro just upgrade all the tracks in the world to handle the speed of the pods, then relocate any buildings already near the tracks, then convert all the trains in the world to pods, then hire security guards to protect the entire length of all the tracks from copper theft 24/7/365.  Simple.  And it would create jobs.  Keynesian economics bro
That punctuality chart is for all long-distance trains. You can't conclude from that German ICE is bad, because it also includes IC trains and the vast majority of long-distance trains are still IC trains. Moreover, not all ICE can even go 250km/h, so not even all ICE trains are high-speed rail according to your definition.  Not saying ICE isn't shit atm, but the numbers you list, aren't an accurate representation of that.
I liked you bringing up the theft of copper on the "new" extra thing that supports the maglev.  Same as EV charging stations...thieves are stealing the charging cables because they're a readily available, easy to remove, source of copper.  If you're going to invent new "infrastructure", it has to be done with low-value, difficult to access, materials...otherwise, kiss it all goodbye.
Well if it is AI powered then yes, they can easily do it, do the fundraising that is.
As a dumb American who has only taken 2 roundtrip trains in my life this was super informative. Like obviously without context I knew some of these issues because I’m not a completely insulated tech bro desperate for capital and clout but there were a lot of really interesting train facts I had no idea even existed. It’s wild how interesting infrastructure can be and how poorly it’s often presented. Thanks for the great video!
That or you could idk make it go 800km/h and have it fly high up. Maybe call it a plane.
Okay I'm pretty sure you are a Hungarian Dude :D
A waterpark in the middle of the Sahara! I’ll pitch that at the next crypto bro convention! 🔥🔥
Technically speaking you can go 550 km/h in a curve. But you need to bank that curve MORE than the banks on the bankiest Nascar track ever built. Meaning, normal trains going there would tip over and land on their side as they can't go 550 km/h.  And it would be like a roller coaster, the passengers would experience high g forces in the turn. Anyone standing up would find themselves on the floor sucking their elbow. And in general, it would be the most uncomfortable way of travel. Think about it, if your commute was by roller coaster for 20 miles, your neck and back would feel like over boiled eggs by the end of the month.  Also, what happens when the train... I mean POD... has to stop on a curve? Now either the pod simply falls off the track sideways, or the passengers all get cozy in a bone crushing pile on one side of the train. Unless of course they are all strapped in tight. But then they all suffer from blood pooling in one side of their body as they are literally hanging by the straps. And it will be a while until someone can come and release them as it's most likely in the middle of nowhere.  And no... You don't start a train that is hanging sideways on such a banked rail, there will be issues! It has to be pulled off until it finds level ground where it can accelerate to take the next curve. Which brings me to another problem with having aggressively banked tracks, if you don't have enough speed, the banking won't work as expected and people will be banging their heads against the windows like a torture device.  There's a REASON roller coasters don't have pods... Even if it meant they could operate in heavy rain. The pods would have to be large enough to where you can't bump a limb into the side of them, or there would be blood! And that is not space efficient! It's not economical! Or, the pods would be so small that you'd bump your body parts into the pod and be smashed to a bloody pulp.
Very detailed analysis and breakdown of why blackboard-only innovators fail time and time again.
lol that animation... 3 tracks with the center one fitted linear motors... they offer only one way trips i suppose, not sure about poland but usually there are only two tracks so overtaking issnt a thing
I genuinely hope these videos stop wasteful public spending. Keep up the good work.
On the topic of people that don't understand rail thinking it's all about speed, I live in one of the few areas in the US where there is a regional rail line (Utah), and I have genuinely considered taking that train to work even though it would be up to an hour slower than driving. Why? Well because it's 1. cheaper, 2. easier, 3. safer, 4. less stressful. Literally the only thing stopping me is the lack of fast last mile transit to both my home and office, meaning that I would have to drive to the station from home, and then take a bike to my office, which doesn't look super safe on some of the roads I'd have to bike on (that and I don't own a bike atm). Notice how none of the issues keeping me from the train have to do with the speed of the train, like the utah frontrunner only runs at ~80mph, which is barely faster than the speed limit on the adjacent highway, and including stops, it's slower. But I would legitimately still take it, like for $5/day I get to sit in an air conditioned seat and glide smoothly into the city while getting work done on my laptop, whereas when driving gas alone costs $6/day if I'm lucky and I get to take a bumpy highway through a sea of other idiot drivers and have to be focused on driving the whole time, this is the tradeoff that makes me want trains, not the thrill of knowing I'm moving at over 100mph, it's not a rollercoaster, it's a convenience.
9:57 so also have a fantasy railway  it goes like this 2 sets of duel track set  maybe a kilometer apart for safety and redundancy  separate bridges and tunnels etc   all the stations are on loops so that train come off  and clear the main lines to pull into or out of stations with all the braking into and acceleration out of occurring on the station loop such that the trains are  at main line speed when switching to the main line  and i want the tunnels to be 14m diameter and i want special trains that run on both sets of track at the same time so that the carriages are like 7 meters wide and when they pull into a station with platforms on both sides that you can do Spanish boarding  oh and the trains can be two story's tall   can i have several billion dollars to build a prototype please?  i mean it will never work out but i really just kinda want to build this train and have it in my  back yard to look at because i think it would be cool edit 1 oh also it should be able to carry double stacked containers on flatbed cars  2 high and 3 wide edit 2 @ 13:55 .. is that... is that the age of empires theme ?
So they basically made a monorail on “steroids”….  Our current high speed trains do just fine. I’ll stick with those.
It's just a scam
Anytime I want to hear somebody get ROASTED TO A CRISP, I just come to Adam Something.
Tjanks for an informative video!
the FDP is supposed to be owned by Porsche?  sry Iam quite certain only Lindner is owned fully by Porsche. Wisching and the rest ofthe party enjoy joined ownership by VW, Tesla, Porsche and some others.
Why is this so damn funny and sad at the same time?xD
Please return Elon Musk to sender
So, we take rail transport and we reduce it's capacity to that of a chair lift?
It looks like a piece of salmon
Nah brah. You're not seeing it, brah. Dontcha get it, brah? The pods are the easiest to do cocaine in, brah. And having few people to a pod means less poor people will want some of your cocaine, brah. Pods are the way, brah. You're just not seeing it, brah. Lotsa yayo and no poor people, brah.
Alfa-X is still testing
It's always style and speed over... everything else. It almost feels like they are just syphoning money one unrealistic idea at a time to hold the entire system back.
10:08 Terran 2 mentioned
13:01 wobble it for the turns make it leean
As an ozzie all I can say is high speed rail will never work here, we have wombats that can total a 2 litre sedan and Roos that can jump on the bonnet of said sedan and smash the engine out of the engine bay. Roos never lose a 1 on 1 fight with anything not human so they do not back down, they can't literally because they can't walk backwards.
Check out the reports on the derailment of the Scarborough Rapid Transit line... Linear motors for transit require lots of careful maintenance.
musk fans are something else xD
Also with freight, the stupid thing looks about the shape and size of a 737... of which many are deducted freight aircraft and travel at almost 900kph...
I feel like all your YouTubing was leading up to this one
I recently saw a video of a german youtuber who broke down the technoligical requirements for high speed rail, and that you cant just "drive faster"  generally, the faster you go the "softer" the track needs to be laid, so you have LOOONG ramps to get over hills and very big curve radii so that your high speed train doesnt derail most of the track in germany doesnt fulfill this requirement to even just go over 200km/h
Silly adam. They will attach additional wheels to it (which create drag and make it less efficient) to create energy for the bitcoin miners, to balance out against the efficiency loss  edit: LMAO I WROTE THIS BEFORE IS SAW 11:28
Wait till Adam sees Elon’s “revolutionary” train concept. 😂
oh my god the atlas class frieghter from starsector!!! Actually pointed at my screen
"Proud" to be living in the county with lowest punctionality in Europe (according to the graph).
What actualy is the point of having a train above like 100mph
ah, the joys of trying to explain stuff that every factorio player knows by heart to tech bros....
guys i dont think this is a good idea (imo)
0:19 they added SpaceX rockets to it?  lol
Part 3 and train traffic. Just add one more rail bro, it'll be fine! Just one more rail and we'll solve train delays forever. I swear bro...
Okok, but what if they do it without tracks? Or roads? Drones! In the air! Suck out all the air, makes it faster! Also, bottled air, £5/l. Breathing air is included with our ticket on hypercyberdronepod. But you will be punched in the gut as you leave to make sure you aren't bringing any air with you.
9:29 and lets not even talk about trying to go around corners or thru tunnels
Minute and a half in and I'm going to throw it out: how will they take turns?
OK, who else paused at 11:22?
In 2024 if it doesn't come with AI, then no one cares.
God imagine one trying to run on US rail, it'd derail after 50ft and plow into a highway. Lmao
Adam you are blame tech bros for these terrible ideas when really it’s just MBAs cosplaying as tech bros pushing these obviously bad ideas to anyone whos actually a tech bro. Actual tech bros know you wont beat science and physics with some hare-brained scheme to solve transportation.
As an American, I can confirm that the American train system sucks.
8:10 i mean you could just  lay 4 track or even 3 track rail everywhere and or have siding and passing loops so the goods train can clear the main line for high speed passenger services
how about a pod that can levitate further from the ground without needing any rail network and being able to travel at 550, 700 and even 900 km/h? let's call it a plane
I love how there is one rail in UK and it goes into ocean its acurate as well
A Kiszel Tunde naptar megolt💀💀
The only part they got right was the driverless part, and that has already been done, see Docklands light rail in London for a working example.
I'm ashamed of my people.
Looks like the Disney World Monorail from Temu.
seeing slovenia at rock bottom for train punctuality was sad but unfortunately accurate. i doubt i'll see functioning, efficient rail here in my lifetime, and that's concerning to say the least.
9:10 AHAHAHHA that caught me of guard hahahahaa
I like your wall calendar
Hey cool! DB & FDP cameo :D
Why is it always a pod? Why in every one of these sales pitches, everything's in a "pod"? Why are these people so obsessed with pods? I don't understand it. What is so appealing about putting everything in tiny little pods? I swear these tech bros must dream "pod pod pod pod" every night for all this pod obsession. Why?
The train will get funding because it's purty!!! With a  nice color scheme .
AoE music
It’s official now folks. We need to ban tech-bros from looking at public transport systems. Everytime they do, they make a perfectly functioning system worse and then blame it’s failure on  too many regulations.
As a german, the rant / Infos about our rail network and porsche is 100 % true
Great video, I think there could maybe be a market for +500Kmh trains if it could be done on its own tracks. Imagine instead of having to book a flight, travel to the airport, be there a couple of hours beforehand, flying, deboard, wait on your suitcase and so on, if you could just book an ultra-high speed train, walk directly into it and have a no stop trip and get off with your things already by hand. This could save hours and hours.
It's time to do a video of the top 10 ridiculous pods tech bros ever imagined 🤣
Just gotta love train engineers! These people literally want to reinvent the wheel, even though the actual wheel still runs fine! In fact, the original wheel might last far longer than the wheel you are trying to reinvent!
Wait a second, Vancouver Skytrain has been automated since 1985 & they didn't even have tech bros back then. Seriously -- the Vancouver metro system has never had a driver on any of the trains.
" 2, 3 train per hour"  That's called a jet airplane in the US.
Adam is the angriest French man
Going heavy on AoE II soundtrack this time, heh?  *_Til bar daga_* my friend, *_til bar daga._*
They're evolving, Adam! But we're still OK. "Unless they figure out how to open doors".
🥲🔫
What radicalized me? A video about maglev pods.
Feels like some of the latest videos are just kinda half assed and exist only for sponsorships...
I feel like techbros are actively trying to kill Adam with eye and brain rot, their modus operandi is taking existing tech and making it worse but futuristic, but now they've struck at the core of his power: trains!
"Fully autonomous 550 km/h trains on existing tracks" is the Adam Something equivalent of "galvanized square steel, screws borrowed from his aunt, and eco-friendly wood veneer"
I mean, just watching the thumbnail should be enough. First, we will use a dictionary. Which the designers clearly haven't used before.  Train - "a series of connected railway carriages or wagons moved by a locomotive or by integral motors."  Calling this a "train" is just wrong to begin with. Railbus and railtruck would be more appropriate.  Second, the thing that makes actual trains better than all alternatives is that it's a train. It has modular capacity and moves all passengers and cargo in one fell swoop. The benefit is that you have less traffic on the rails. Sure, a very very long and slow train is also going to congest the lines. But traffic flow wise, trains are always better than singular vehicles.  A train's freight car can hold between 3 and 5 times as much as road going semi trucks with trailers. Meaning for every railcar, there's up to 5 trucks taken off the roads. Since trains can be as long as 100 wagons (and in certain places of the world, even longer) you can substitute 500 semi trucks with a single 100 car long train. Even if the train is moving a quarter the speed of the trucks, say 15 mph, it would still BEAT the trucks even when the trucks can make two trips for every single train trip. And it would take 500 truck drivers rather than 2-3 train engineers to do it!  So i can already tell this idea will fail for freight transport by simple math... 100 freight rail trucks means you now have 100 times as much traffic to deal with on the rails and they are suggesting we use the same rails that already exist and share space with all other rail traffic? It would be a NIGHTMARE! If they connected each rail truck together into a single, actual, train then they would at least not have that failing point.  And that, as far as freight goes, is long before the other huge benefit to freight rail transport... You have one or a few locomotives for every large number of wagons. This is a maintenance issue, as maintaining the locomotive is VERY expensive compared to a freight car. If every freight car is its own locomotive you now have to pay maintenance on every vehicle by its own. Which will be EXPENSIVE and thus lose out to traditional rail freight in terms of running costs. There are no benefits to having single carriages that could possibly outweigh the low cost of running a single engine train. And traditional trains DO split up and join, so any argument that smaller "packets" on the rail network is a selling point is MOOT. As trains already do that, each wagon is a single "packet" in the rail network and is dropped off at the nearest hub to be picked up by a train going towards its final destination. Rail freight transport is indirect and slow because it's CHEAPER that way, there's no rush. And if there is a rush, then a train that goes straight from source to destination STILL outcompetes trucks in transport costs. It's the same reason we don't have container ships doing 70 knots across the high seas. Every knot above optimal cruising speed is MONEY spent. And container ships operate in one of the tightest margins known to transport kind, you can send a container full of small packages where the shipping cost of each package becomes as low as 0.01 cents. No matter the distance traveled! There is simply nothing to gain by being fast or going for express A->B transport when delivery can wait.  As for railbuses, aka passenger transport in single carriage self propelled rail vehicles, it still doesn't make sense. You still run into the congestion issue that is solved by connecting several carriages together. And traditional passenger trains already do this, and split as necessary to have diverging end points on the rail network.  There is simply NO benefits to having single unit self propelled vehicles on rails. Which also applies to highways by the way. A single high capacity bus that carries 50 passengers going to the same places will replace 50 obnoxious SUV's with a single occupant in them. Imagine this for a second... If you are stuck in traffic, and everyone on the road morphed into buses, there would be one bus for every 50 cars. Traffic would flow as smooth as if there wasn't traffic at all! You could reduce a ten lane highway to single lanes each direction and there would still be a FIFTH as many vehicles in each lane!  Next time you are sitting in traffic, think about that... The FIFTY cars ahead of you would simply DISAPPEAR and a bus would pop into existence.  Small capacity vehicles are STUPID in any mode of transport!
Trains ARE based tho… I took the VIA from Vancouver to Toronto, Armand it was one of the best times of my life! Invest in rail!
3:07 ah yes but you see this is smart marketing on there part becuase after this scam falls thru they can revive it  by solving the problem of it being stupid by   the super hyper new technology of linking the pods together ... and then they can get a few more year out of the scam see its clever ...
Adam I totally get it. I once tried to F*** my toy train and have been chasing that dream ever since.
Saying the mag rail is idiotic and unfeasible is short-sighted
Amazing editing!
Sing it with me "monorail"
As someone who's spent above-average time researching rail accidents...yeah Czechia is kinda weird. They have a suspiciously high number of accidents and near-accidents caused by lackluster equipment.  Also, one of the main causes of rail accidents nowadays is trains going too fast over points/switches.
14 minutes and 38 seconds of dunking on tech-bros and USA rail is fun, but UK rail is such a let down compared to much of Europe
F**** the FDP (also germany mentioned whoop whoop)  (Also StarCraft 1 music at 10:11 whoooooo)
How hav3 the ever litigious Nintendo not gone after people illegally using the Wii music?
Lost me in the first 45 seconds by spouting out of context things as facts..
2:54 well at least this one doesn't have a terrifying propeller on the back of it lol
How is the 550 km cable car supposed to deal with stuff like weather or track obstructions? It seems like 1 heavy snow and everyone in any of those pods one that are going to die
As a Czech person, I can confirm that watching trains crash is even better than using them for travel😂😂😂
thanks adam
Ride near the Elbe River with Königstein fortress?
2:34 i mean didnt a modified tgv duplex set the rail speed record at like 574.8 kph in like 2007? i mean even if for some reason you wanted to sling these things at 500kph presumably you can do it without maglev and all that nonsense ...now as for why you would over build to that extent... i mean personally i would love it because  the 3 year in me likes trains but  i dont see a business case for it atm
I mean there is plenty of valid critisism here, but let's look at this from different perspective.  Say you have high speed and medium speed tracks, 160-250km/h. You want to build maglev train with minimal impact on current existing infrastructure and you want to use already present space for "upgrading" high speed and higher speed track to maglev so that you can increase speed by 60%, i think there could be some potential in here. Regarding "pod" train I suppose it's simply mock-up design, in the end you could potentially chain plenty of those pods together, so I don't see carriage being big issue here. In poland we don't really have high speed rail track, althrough profile of most tracks is optimized for higher speed, if one could upgrade more cheapily higher speed network to maglev level tracks, on dedicated routes I think this wouldn't be such a bad idea. Again, in principle idea isn't that horrible, it's the details that kill it.
3:22 goddamn Indonesian commuter line broke 1M passengers per day, the system is very very efficient. Heck, Tokyo's commuter rail broke 40M passengers per day.
The recurring problem with tech bros is: they seem to have never passed any high-school physics course. As a result, they think they can just 'innovate' around anything, including it seems fundamental laws of the universe.
7:08 excellent choice of music from my absolute favorite game of all time. Deus ex. Time for someone to reinstall it!
Loving the Starcraft music
Wait wait, they want to do that in Poland? Lmao, the rail is so fucked that our "express" trains are like 10mins faster than regular intercity trains on 3h+ journeys
10:09 Holy shit, Starsector
I'm not railroad engineer, and when I heard 550 Km/h, I inmediately knew that wasn't feasible.
I love hearing you shitting on these idiots ideas!
But what if ... It holds 30 people?
Why does it look like a shrimp nigiri though?
StarCraft music🎉
American high speed railways simply don’t work in America because it’s so much bigger than Europe. Germany’s population density is 239 people per square kilometer, France’s is 118 per square kilometer, and the USA’s is 37 per square kilometers. It just doesn’t make sense to build that much infrastructure, much more efficient to focus on airplanes.
There might be a reason why concepts like the Schienenzeppelin, Jettrains or Maglevs never really caught on - good old rail tracks with Diesel engines or overhead wires were more than sufficient and way more cost efficient. Also the german rail system will never be considered good enough simply because green environmentalists have only one goal in life: Complain about everything. As soon one of their demands is met, the goalpost is moved and the bitching starts anew. But it's always all other political parties who are the baddies, right?
Oh i hate the trains in this country already, this would be so much worse. Ok fine I will sub
ICE in Germany: "Oh god I hope it arrives soon!" ICE in America: "OH GOD I HOPE IT NEVER FINDS ME!"
Based AoE2 soundtrack
Holy... 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Did you just call ETCS/ERTMS advanced? Cr*p is based on principles from 40 years ago. There's so many "Baselines" that even national regulators get confused. Whole Eurobalise/Eurocomputer stuff is held tight by the facto mafia, that will happily squeeze 600K€/km from track operators. Level 3 is elusive as Hyperloop Billions were spent on GSM-R networks (based on...duh...orginal GSM) that provide dial-up speeds, and higher-up want some fancier like 5G for rail (aka. FRMCS) There are still undefined behaviors  ETCS/ERTMS is a joke
The German DB is a big meme here and as long as they stay a Joint-stock company, nothing will change.
A person from the Czech Republic here. My father drives trains. Just so you know, we are trying to get better at not crashing stuff (its a sort of a recent epidemic, we didnt do that very often a few years back). The crash you shown was caused by the installation of the ETCS - not becasue it would be bad or anything, but because some clown decided that during a reconstruction of part of the track we would uninstall MIREL (our control system), let the track run for about half a year without anything and then as the reconstruction would finish wed turn on the ETCS on that track. And then the RegioJet driver decided to ignore a stop signal, so here we are. Yay.
The techbro libertarian types love two things:  1. Citing "econ 101" to argue for whatever BS hypercapitalist ideas they put into the world. 2. Pointlessly violating one of the most basic econ 101 principles -- economies of scale.
I really hope tech bros are watching
@11:50 cought me off guard
I know this is beside the point but I feel like "high" speed and "higher" speed should be flipped
As a pole in haven’t heard about this shit lmao
Is it just me or when the nevono was put over the map of france I realised it looked like a baguette
Hos do you know someone is a Partisan?  They'll tell you.
Waiting for the LLM multi-modal train.
What is it with techbros and not being able to link things together
IDK adam, you also said the dumb moon building was dumb, but I can imagine doing embezzlement for dumb moon building related contracts would be very lucrative.
Cries in swedish
I am no expert but don’t high speed rail tilt their tracks to deal with g forces? Normal low speed rail makes quite sharp turns. I don’t think humans have come up with a material strong enough to prevent the pod from flying of the rail at  500km/h.
BART in the sf Bay Area is technically automated, but also does not have driverless trains lol
Pods!   Pods!         Pods!               Pods!                             Pods!
To defend Germanys rail network: our population is much more evenly distributed than france's, meaning connecting a few big cities just doesnt cut it and there is a lot more stuff to avoid when constructing a new line.   Try going to anywhere but a relatively big important city in france by rail... Not to mention the TGV stations end up in the middle of nowhere instead of a towns center often enough 😉
I think the problem is tech bros prefer to solve the easy technical problems rather than the hard political problems.
Fuck living in the pod, we can ride in the pod
They made a TGV go to 575 km/h as a test on a straight line. It's fairly useless in normal use
Liked the death stranding reference. Looking forward to seeing Sam haul freight in his own ship someday 🚢
If it's not a pod I'm not riding it! /s
The propulsion system kinda seems similar to linear motor subway trains in Japan (not maglev) where they chose this method to keep the train cars small to save tunnel building costs.
Alternatively, if you _really_ need something fast, _and_ out-of-schedule, try air-freight. Sure it's expensive, but it's very fast (>550 mph), very long range (>4,000 miles), and doesn't have to worry about traffic-jams. Plus it uses existing infrastructure without any kind of modification.
If you did add the maglev bit, but kept it at normal rail speeds, would it help fuel consumption?
If they wanted a train for rich folks to use then just pay for a VIP Carriage at that point.
Tech bros.. they're everywhere
I love the reference to Starsector
Almost!
Having recently traveld to japan, I thoroughly enjoyed the absolutely efficient, fast, convenient, fairly priced Shinkansen connections  500km in 2hrs and 10min for 84eur with reserved seats. Very very quiet, little to no vibrations, even through turns we kept speeds of 250+ km/h We did real world average speeds of 260-280km/h. Trains were at most 16sec late(measure with a radio controlled watch)  Just incredible
*sigh* and this just reminded me how jealous I am of European train lines.  Interesting video though, thanks!
ok but when did Bulgaria Annex Serbia 5:32?
4:25 "external" wallet? What's an "internal" wallet? 😳👆🏾🫨
The whole "high speed cargo" thing is asinine, because in most cases the actual bottleneck in freight is the end-point freight yards themselves. Sure get the trains to go 500km/h whatever, but if the freight yard can only move a set amount of containers per day, and only send out a set number of trucks per day, then speeding up the actual travel time of rail lines is just going to give them a larger back log if they're already operating near capacity.
7:05  Can confirm. Germany has their strikes so many times, Switzerland has to lend them their own trains during that time so any passengers can get around in Germany that day. Fact.
Love your description of the german rail system. If it was not SO on point,  I would laugh instead of crying  :D
You're killing me man! Every time I take a drink you say something like "F*** Y not?" And I blow coffee through my nostrils, which is not as efficient and in the wrong direction.
Now THIS is character development for the tech bros
The new data of DB has an on time quota of only 47% 😂😂😂
Thanks for the brutally honest takes on Germanys long distance rail clown show.  Also fuck FDP and especially CDU/CSU for willfully sleeping on this during the Merkel era
hl2 container detected
What's the source of the music at 10:08 when the Freight segment starts?
Fuck yeah Adam, Adam Jensen. Great Dues Ex Clíp 😂
Came for the Pharaoh music, got bonus Starcraft
Great video!
I have no problems with tech bros p*ssing their money away.
You know those tests that start with "assume [fundamental law of physics] does not apply"?. This is the result.
My Ekster card wallet broke on day 1. It’s like tech bros made wallets.
It is interesting how often the "travel pod" idea comes up -- especially in situations where it makes no sense.  One might come to the conclusion that the designers see "pod" and think "teleport."    "Lets use the existing rail network to send our pods."  "OK, sure.. what kind of frequency are we looking at?" "Well, we should be able to send a pod every 15 minutes or as necessary." "So you want to send a pod from Paris to Berlin where one pod leaves the station every 15 minutes and you also want to send a pod from Berlin to Paris at the same rate?" "Yep!"   "So.. um.. That trip will take about 2 hours which means you'll have 8 pods going in each direction at up to 500kmh.  How will they pass each other?" "What do you mean? The pods from Paris are all going to Berlin at the same speed, no need to pass!" "Um.. Yeah, but the ones from Berlin are going in the opposite direction." "So?" "So this isn't like a road.  You have only one set of tracks for most of the trip." "What are you saying?" "Well.. if a pod from Berlin meets a pod from Paris, they're on the same tracks traveling in opposite directions.  They'll hit each other!" "No they won't!  AI will plan the trip so they never meet up!" "... ..." *cough*bullshit*cough* "You should see a doctor for that cough."
I actually see vague promise in some parts of this, but it requires some changes.... A. make the mods able to link, so many pods going to the same station simply acts like a normal train, only breaking off into individual pods for extremely low traffic routes B. reduce the top speed, it's not only impractical, but dangerous, train derailment is already a nightmare C. automate the trains more, or make them remote so that a single driver can handle multiple trains, putting a driver in each mini-train pod would be unreasonable, with that european train management system that was mentioned, it seems more than doable
I feel like this has the same energy as if tech bros would go: "Hey we have invented this engine that makes cars go 350km/h and it's really cheap. Faster cars means no traffic."
single car trains DO have a place  - at the other end of the spectrum though very local lines going to places in the total boonies that entire population  could fit in a single car. such as those we see so often in anime series. but those lines are unsung, unsexy, and first ones  to be eliminated in quest for efficency and profit
You have a lot of good points in this video. But I think you’ve missed one really simple solution that would make this an efficient system. We just need to build tracks on either side of the existing railway then have a special high speed nespresso pod system  that straddles the track and moves over slower trains.
6:25: THE TRAIN KNOWS WHERE IT IS AT ALL TIMES
what do you mean, the german rail system is kinda shit? it is an absulte clusterfuck switzerland isn't letting german trains in anymore, because we are so chaotic
American passenger rail service is junk.  That's because even poor American own automobiles.  Europeans can't afford gasoline so they use public transportation.
We can do driverless trains today. Regulators and unions won’t let industry. You have to break a few eggs to make an omelette. You have to bust a few unions and deregulate to usher in progress and profits.
Adam, why always so negative and small thinking? youi need the right mindset. what about crack? that might help :D Awesome content and greetings from Germany
Don't worry!  They'll solve all these problems by enclosing the entire train system in aboveground, vacuum sealed tubes.
God I love these videos.  I bet these guys design jet engine starter motors or something and think they can solve World Transport in their lunch hour. At least, I hope they haven’t given up the day job.
Why ERTMS at 5:18 thats just wrong ?
At this point, there needs to be a term for all transportation innovation eventually evolving into trains. Kinda like carcinisation, where biological evolution eventually converges into a crab like form.
I’m an absolute dummy, but a dummy that grew up in a railroad depot community. The thought that they could retrofit existing tracks is laughable.
"Leviathan beams" doesn't matter if it's an ill-fitting, that's cool as heck
550kph has triggered Adam to an hilarious degree
The sheer whiplash of seeing an Eddy Wally “Wow” 10 years since I last saw one…
"Musk told me during an undocumented interview"  So basically the source is your ass?
Watching your videos trashing anything Tesla is a blessing from the sun goddess ❤ getting a video after getting home from a trip? A miracle ❤️🍉
My god! Have these "tech bros" NEVER even have a single train obsession once?  I mean, even if they never were around physical trains we have MULTIPLE TRAIN SIMULATORS!  How is it possible they have never heard what a TRAIN IS?!
The stabiliser idea sounds like something that will swing and derail like a champ.
I love how this is just: “I the bestest best techbro will upgrade existing train infrastructure. I will do it by making every train a speedy pod”
The critique of Germany's nonexistent high-speed rail network isn't quite fair. Germany is much more densely populated than France, and more distributed, too. It's easier to run new rails between a few major hubs through sparse countryside instead of through a whole bunch of other cities that are in the way. That being said, it's not impossible, just more difficult, expensive, and suffers from a lot of NIMBYIsm. Just look at Stuttgart 21. Idiot citizens are just as much to blame as idiot politicians.
Someone should tell tech bros we have planes.
All we need is 40 lanes for tracks, roads and landing/takeoff strips to fix this pod issue.
Trains running as fast as our internet speeds... sounds legit. Sign me up.
Dropping Age of Empires II beats in there took me right back
i'm watching this one, but how do i watch the member's only version of this vidoe?
They probably want AI to run it because they got the whole idea from Chat GPT.
What would be truly revolutionary is if the booking systems were interoperable so that you could buy a ticket for the whole trip at once if you are travelling between multiple countries. Now, that's something for the tech bros to work on.
I'm an American and this all just sounds like fairy tales to me, boxes full of people moving down metal lines on the ground?!  Seriously though, i'm six miles from the nearest bus stop and 300 miles from the nearest commuter train, and I live in a city with 300k people 😂
techbros just love to waste money on stupid ideas
Damn Germany's punctuality is actually 15% worse than the UK's too. Figured it would be better than that
laughed so hard haha thx and wait the us train system is even more shit as the one we have in germany??? lololol
Perhaps we should first figure out how we can get good high speed rail in the US... and then figure out how to automate it all after the fact. Also, 20 people? That thing looks like more than 20 people would fit in it. Sounds like they're artificially limiting capacity because they don't want to share a train with other people.
Fiddling with the car when the actual problem is the street.
trains wont work commercialy on the current guage width the calculations Brunel did still apply today wider Guage better stability higher weight capacity
Imagine raising VC money to just improve already existing transit infrastructure. We could call it Transit Acceleration eXchange, or TAX for short.
Where’s the loo? Let’s pretend it has one, everyone’s going to know it was you
Technically you can overtake a train ahead of you once
Something not taken into consideration, is the experience of riding the train not too fast so you can enjoy the panorama / view.
Kurwa! What’s wrong with the good old SU45?
10:10 starsector ❤
You can have driverless trains, but it must be a closed system with no car traffic or pedestrians. Vancouver has such a system. It's not bad I hear.
Hmm. .. generally agree. But on train drivers. They can arguably  be replaced by AI.
Heard the NFS soundtrack there
05:32 Hi Adam, great video, I'm a big fan! Greetings from Belgrade, Bulgaria! 😍
Original train was also created by tech bros.
The supply chain problem is misidentified, JIT is the culprit.  If you need one container of components per day, letting each container sit somewhere for a few days as a backup plan costs freaking *nothing* compared to what a single shipping delay costs with no backup plan.  Part of the problem is that corporate execs simply make way too much money to live in the real world.
as a german, i can only sigh extensively
They didn't even paint it red.
Man they invented more expensive trains you're totally right😂
I wish a deep-tech company took it upon themselves to solve train ticket purchase systems. So that I can purchase a ticket from Copenhagen to Milan without having to change 5 trains. Or somehow systematize building more and cheaper rail lines. So that we can use local trains for a lot more internal traveling. You know, the stuff that we actually need.
I come for the casual trashing of the tech bros, but I stay for the aoe music every time.
You would have to rebuild all tracks for this thing.... .so if you do that old trains could run on these tracks, not the other way around..... and I should finish watching the video before I post. You said exactly this.
I am going to need you to stop using European units of measurement and instead use the units of the country responsible for winning both world wars. If you don’t get to using freedom units I am going to go dislike every one of your videos  ;)
I mean, let's be honest, those projects aren't serious. It's just a contest on how many tech buzzwords can they cram into their pitch to atract "tech bro" investors
Love the age of empires music at the end of vid
Why are tech bros so obsessed with pods?
7:20 I'm so proud that Britain doesn't even make the list. The day our trains run on time is the day we get conquered, trains being late is all that keeps this country together.
I am sitting here thinking, okay worst case scenario is? At 120kmh gonna be bloody but many will survive. 260kmh, okay depends on the accident, but many should survive. 520km, nobody survives even if they are drilled to the seats. Just no, they are gone.
The funnier part is seeing how many people fall for this obvious scam. Existentially funny.
I am a simple man, I see 2 Austrian higher speed train, I like.
I have an even more innovative and futuristic idea: What if the pods could fly? It would mitigate a lot of the problems. You wouldn't even need to lay rails, only a place to take off and land. Sometimes I stagger even myself with my genius.
the strips look like a sushi lmao
6:15 ouch
6:13 Touché lol
Seeing my country at the bottom of that graph was sadly no surprise. The train situation is awful in Slovenia.
It’s gotten to the point where I now literally designate a BINGO card just for Megaprojects: Under the B: “Designed By Architecture Firm”, “Cheap/Low Pay Labour”, “Super Tall Skyscraper”, “Price In The Billions”, & “Autonomous Vehicles/Pods” Under the I: “5-Minute Showcase”, “Graphics Errors/Contradictions”, “Rich Dictator”, “Chinese Loans”, & “Anarcho-Libertarianism” Under the N: “Revolutionary Technology”, “Higher Class Utopia Branded As Equitable”, Free Space, “1000+ Screens For Immersive Experience”, & “Speling/Grammars Typos” Under the G: “No Mention of Technical Details”, “Car-Centric Planning”, “Improper, Punctuation”, “Planned For 1,000,000+ Population”, & “Greenwashing/100% Clean Renewable Energy” Under the O: “Located Somewhere In The Desert”, “National Symbolism Everywhere”, “NFTs”, “Most [insert adjective here] In The World”, & “Flashy CGI Renders”
Simplest argument against this : current high speed trains like french tgv can already reach near 550km/h. The commercial speed is much lower (approx 300km/h max) precisely because of all the problems Adam raises (curve radius, security, noise, energy consumption, wear, etc ).
What if you replaced the train with pods and the tracks with pods and the passengers with pods and the pods with pods, then you put the pods in pods and pods pods pods pods podspodspodspodspppppppppp
Pozdrawiam z Polski! :)
As an european I loved this video... *laughs in european
On point.   Thanks!
Again????? Why does everyone try to reinvent trains but worse?!
Can't help thinking of one of Robert A. Heinlein's observations.  Expertise in one field does not mean expertise in another. But experts often seem to think so, and the narrower their field of expertise the more likely they are to think this.
So it is better suited in a supply line within say two cities with a dedicated rail. That feels like the better use, or heck put in that shit on the moon yolo
Sausage Woman at 11:22 was the highlight, her and Gmail fucks an entire concept, I couldn't stop laughing 😂
TGV's speed record is 574 km/h
I love how connecting the pods together joke always comes back in your videos
They could have huge tubes of water that you can put pods of people in, you can get water moving pretty fast through a huge pipe, like coming out a dam. Totally efficient, serving two purposes, delivering people and water.
Dude, your absolute legend
This video is a bad joke. Maybe the full concept of this company is bad but the core technology solves the main problem of maglevs - zero integration with existing rail infrastructure. With this technology you can connect dedicated high speed maglev lines with the existing rail terminals in the city centres. Make double-decker trains with 16 cars each. They will start at existing terminal let's say in Berlin, ride to to a new line for 550 km/h travel and terminate at Paris city centre in an hour. That could be the best high speed train in the world.
Can't wait for my personal smooth brain dictator to adopt this idea and put it in his shiny new capital along with his new high speed rail (he got high speed rail since monorail isn't working "properly")
They will blame regulations, bureaucracy or whatever. I still remember French doing 574kph with TGV, on high-speed track.  The main difference is that they needed quite high power delivered to train, and it had bigger wheels. Then comes the challenge of building such track - while in lowlands where you can build straight it is possible - with complex terrain - big tunnels, big bridges - in becomes quite pricey.  So... what's the point of mag-train anyway?
I love being German! Deutsche Bahn und unsere Regierung ist Beste!
12:14 Wololo
Ok, I have a problem with this video: soundtrack. As a brazillian, I fell offended when our music is associated with tech bros. I know that most brazillians really DESERVE to be put in the same category of tech bors, we are after all mostly fascists that are dimming the world by cutting rainforest to create cows and cultivate things that people don't usually need for survival (sugar, coffee and soy, well, maybe we do need coffee...). BUT not the musicians, they are freaking maltreated here, never well payd, you know... lets keep the samba out of this ! :-P
It's finally happened. They've come to the same conclusion that engineers came to nearly 200 years ago, trains are the best.
I really can't take these videos seriously when a third of them is taken up by ad space
6:17 The ERTMS knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, it obtains a difference, or deviation...
Are crypto bros in a lucid dreams 90% and don’t know what’s possible irl
I was a career guest on a rail industry podcast and pretty much said the same thing about AI. What do people even want it to do? The railway is a broad church, what question do you want it to answer? It can’t do HR, contract negotiation, customer relationship management, it can’t fix points or broken rails, so ignore AI on the railway. We were talking about VR 5 years ago and look where that is…!
If it runs twice a day, costs 600 euros and takes two dozen people, you have just invented a worse plane, not just a worse train
Doesn't Japan already have Maglev testing I don't know how long ?!!
More risk. More reward. Instead of stealing cables. Steal the freaking pods with the cargo. 😅
5:14 end of ad. You're welcome.
Did I see a Star Sector reference at 10:09 ?
I think techbros ignoring the possibility of more than 20 people at once is just their complete social incompetence and elitism showing through. MagRail and stuff is probably just a fancier limo for them
oh my god
Honestly, Tech Bros would be best off just putting their money into teleportation. It's more realistic than anything they've come up with.
As a certain fat Norwegian would say "One day you can have the AI do its job and the other day it might go derp for no reason what so ever"
Damn, the only Person more pissed then Adam is probably either his therapist or his cardiologist. 😂
but it's pointy!
almost everyone wan to mess around with the train system
what if we take this pod, add wings, jet engine or two and make it pl...i mean flying pod! dedicated rails problem solved immediately. Might need some sort of flyingpod-port in big cities tho.
The Netherlands is getting trains that run slightly faster than the old trains, the entire infrastructure needs to be overhauled because the bridges aren't build for that speed. This project will take 10 years and causes multiple route relays, service interruptions and just entire stations shutting down for a month to do the required work. This already causes trains to become unreliable which lead to a decline of passengers. An overhaul of this scale is just not a one and done job, but takes careful planning, informing nearby residents and basically everything techbros are utterly incompetent at.
why cant we just get whoever built the TGV or Shinkansen to build out and operate our whole passenger rail system rather than all these people trying to reinvent the train
Tech Bros are what you get when you don't respect foundational knowledge.
Love the Starcraft music
Dude just loves trains. He should look up how well trains works in Russia. Basically like in Switzerland
8:16 so true, Porsche got FDP in their pocket
Just Like EV copper cables ALL gone Copper expensive,.
German trains are soo bad 😭😭 I have not seen a train arriving on time in months. At least the trams and subways are mostly punctual.
Hey, i love the coverage on ukraine stuff. I was wondering if there was gonna be a video on gaza? Israel so far has killed like 40k + people.
Techbros having ideas about shit they know nothing about? Say it aint so!
No worries, in the middle of the german high speed tracks is the signal line for ETCS. >300km/h is mostly useless with stations too close together.
7:20 Oh my, the punctuality of German trains is worse than Italian trains. The shame, the horror … it's immeasurable.
educational and entertaining. what a riot :)
Given the hyperloop doesn't exist, wouldn't something between a regular train and a hyperloop just be a train that goes half as fast?
I literally came up with this idea when I was 7, but even as a kid I was smart enough to know you need proper trains with cars, not pods.
I adore the use of words like mega and hyper in all these cutting edge "solutions"
Thank you for dunking on these rediculous neoyuppie projects
Hey now, Adam, don't go giving the Saudis ideas about where they can build their next water park.
Hyperloop inspired Train at 550 kph ? *Laugh in TGV max speed at 574 kph* Also the thing is that train with great capacity would have a huge quantity of inertia if they were used even faster so making them stop would be a challenge.
Man you are awesome :)
welp they tried
When I was younger ~11 my grandmother would challenge me to build robots to do various tasks. One of these tasks was to make a robot to close her blinds automatically. I being young and a bit stupid built a whole contraption that would travel up and down the side of the window dragging the blinds up/down. My grandmother was not impressed she simply pointed out that the same result if not better could have been achieved by simply attaching a motor to the top of the blinds. That day I learned that good technology and good engineering is not about complexity it’s about function and god all of these fucking tec bros could really use that lesson 😭
Missed opportunity to mention the maglev Shinkansen
Russia will fix the trains once the conquer the EU.
I now want a new horror episode where you fight/dodge BTs on a tech bro pod
That regular 0-160  is faster than high speed trains in Romania lol
That random age of empire soundtrack popping on an Adam Something video <3
I don't know why anyone would even want faster passenger trains, going on a train is chill as hell, if its not completely full
Kiszel Tunde Wall Calendar <3
Starcraft soundtrack cought me off guard. Good one
I the original Sim City, the only way I could ever get a perfect city was to not build roads and only use trains.
@AdamSomething I've never heard you mention it so I was wondering about your nationality. (No it's not super important, just curiosity. Probably cringy but it just crossed my mind watching the video.) I think you mentioned you studied Prague, which is quite rare for foreigners due to the language. But you don't seem to talk about Czech Republic as you're country. You seem to know Hungary well. Solution: Slovakia.
That's no pod. That's a double-ended suppository. Ouch!
By the title I know, it's gonna be a good one
The last time I travelled on an ICE, it was late 6h
This is why we need to normalize autism even especially in Tech Bro spaces. It's okay to just like trains. You don't have to dress it up to get other people around you to care...
Hilarious. But I do think that automated single carriage operation for freight in freightyards could work and be a good thing: It's low speed in a gated environment, that could more easily be retrofitted with a new cohesive system. This could make the process of rearranging freight trains more efficient, faster and cheaper. But you wouldn't need magnets for that, maybe small electrical engines running on seperate, smaller tracks that are able to connect with the carriages, preferably using the existing couplers, or something like that would be nice.
the sncf in france got their TGV to 570kmh like 20years ago. on existing tracks
The Transrapid would have still been cool. And it was stackable as well, not reduced to a single pod
I mean if that's what it takes to get private equity into trains, I'm all for it
The worst part is that it is just the kind of thing that would sound like a great idea to some railroad executive or other high-level manager who has never driven a train and has no idea how a railroad actually works because they are so far removed from the regular workers. Thus the railroad company will spend a ton of money on tests and assessments to produce expensive reports that will in the end just boil down to "not feasible". Because of those out-of-touch managers, there is a lot of money going towards tech bros and paper pushers that could have gone towards attracting more train drivers by raising their salaries for example, or to reducing ticket prices or other tangible improvements in railway service.
if you took that pod off the tracks and pulled it with some horses it could be more flexible
High speed on existing rails by installing mag equipment for propulsion on the rails... which is different from electrification with a third rail? Overhead lines being so disgusting to look at I guess.
I would LOVE Adam to weigh in on the current subway vs. monorail debate going on in LA right now for the Sepulveda Pass Transit Corridor. We've been waiting a long time for this and folks have opinions!
As Polish person, we disown Nevomo.
Bonus fucking points for the Terran theme. You are indeed a man of cult.. I mean infrastructure.
Well, the French rail network is also kinda shit if you want to go anywhere but Paris.
Out of curiosity, what do you think IS a reasonable use for a mag rail, if built brand new? Or are ALL mag rails destined to fail?
I always wonder: Do you ever get reactions from these companies you cover? Surely any Investor would get his money out after seeing your video
As soon as he said, "using existing rails." I facepalmed so hard.  I spent the rest of the video shaking my head.
1:10 Uh, what? The issue with speed on current rail is...bad rails though
What's the deal with "tech bros" and pods? Why are they so fixed on the same designs to show how "cool and unique" they aren't?
I love how he shits on the train crash that happened recently, yet keeps using an animation from the Czech rail administration 😂😂
It seems like Adam really likes trains
The shots fired to the german railway are fair, but you have to admit, that Germany has the most complex and decentral railway system in the world.
I was a railway engineer, now I`ve learned loads more F`ing  new words !
Guys, I know it's going to sound weird and at first thought you may be tempted to just dismiss it, but I think Adam doesn't like very much tech bros 😮
That "ICE L" at 2:10 was a Stadler Kiss Westbahn train, but ok, great video :)
Japan: Shinkansen exists. End of story.
They aren't trains, they're multi-pods.  Also, "vertical integration" mean something totally different than "in-sourcing." <solemn nodding>
"...because it would cut into the profits of our auto-industry" 🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 Well said!
10:08 Based Starsector enjoyer
"...Water park in the Sahara." Random Saudi prince: "Hmmm... You know, that Adam guy might be onto something."
But... But look how futuristic it looks!  I'm sold. I'm sure this time next year we'll all be enjoying our shiny new pods. And they'll be AI driven.
But its a pod "train" cant we give them at least one point for going the right way? I mean comon those bros worked hard on this bitcon mining scheme
Techbros=Aggressive Stupidity!  The Shinkansen can go the speeds it goes because almost all of it runs on dedicated right of way.  In addition, to minimize curves, it frequently runs in seriously long tunnels.  And if there’s any country on earth that could potentially pull off automating high speed trains, it would be Japan.  They don’t.  Why?  They don’t want anyone to die because of a glitch.  BTW, yes, most of the US passenger trains are a joke!  Our trains share tracks with two mile long (3.2km) freight trains that frequently break down.  But we got big pickup trucks!
Half a second starsector reference, woo! Ludd approves of trains over pods.
Tech bros are so annoying. They just seem to think that infrastructure will appear out of thin air
Great to see our neighbours see our bullshittery politicions in my land (germany). Also the StarCraft Theme got me hard 🤣
Meanwhile in the UK, having invented the technology, we have entirely forgotten how to make it work.
Day # 492 of laymen with too much money and inflated egos "challenging" standard design fundamentals without understanding why those are in place
​People bitching that this is small scale and 'OMG they hate poor people!' Original trains were pretty closed off, too. They weren't designed for 'the poors'. All this shit, including planes and boats and stuff, starts off as niche and small scale, then takes off with economical, technological and sociological evolutionary pressures applied.
Thank you for making this
I hate the fake futurism aesthetic so fucking much. Everything is a pod. Everything is white or overly-shiny yet somehow blandly colored. Every design is oversimplified and “sleek” because MiNiMaLiSm is the only way they can envision the future looking for some reason. It’s all so ugly and unappealing, I can’t. Why can’t they try to rip off some actually COOL designs from sci-fi instead of this boring garbage every time?
On the subject of putting AI in everything:  We are currently so much on the AI hypecycle, that companies that don't advertise themselves being AI have trouble getting investors. So much so, the US avoided a stock market crash thanks to it (but at what cost?). I might even know a talent agency that was dumped by some of its investors for making a statement of protecting its talents from voice deepfakes made without the explicit permissions of the talents, even though some of the talents actually allowed for the fans to do so as long as they didn't use it for ill purposes. The AI bubble is nearing its bursting period, and I have a feeling that the corporations might try to weaponize it against Biden.
7:25 slovenia in last place: yup checks out
The worst thing to me isn't it being trash, but the name. How dare they disgrace Maglev with this idiotic imitation that even sounds similar
It's baffling how many "entrepreneurs" can actually sell ideas like "Hey, if we use 9 women at once, it only takes a month to deliver a baby"
All this brain power wasted on such a bad idea. If only they used their brains to make actual trains, train systems and train operation better.
6:13 k tomuto dochází maximálně jednou za 10 let
Hungarian Sheldon
Oh Philippines, when will you link Luzon, Visayas, and Mindanao using rail?! 😭
I really like your first take, like these tech bros are talking about a train technology even if they know nothing about it.  I take the train almost every two months in a country famous for its strikes without any issues. And I have a shit ton of people in my family cracking jokes at me or even complaining all the time about trains. I never asked them but I don't remember any of them talking about taking the train at least once in their life and I really think most of them really never took a step in train station ever.  Yet here we are, people are designing shit about things they don't know and people are shitting on things they don't know. Sometimes I'm amazed at how dumb people can be.
There's no way the Polish railway lalws and companies would allow that shit lol
As a french person who has to take the train daily, I, with the complete lack of knowledge on this domain that I have, knew from the very beggining that this was a catastrophic idea...   I guess I'll become a tech bro now, since apparently knowing what you do is an option
"Destroying the weed-fueled dreams of 20-something techbros with cold hard reality and a simple grasp of logic" is one of my favorite video genres.
Bojler eladó!  Az eddigi talán legjobb videód, és nem csak a kedvenc téma, de a végtelen magyar forrás miatt is :)
Are realy czech trains more punctual than german trains ?
The mixed usage approach in Germany is also due to the fact that Germany has probably the highest amount of NIMBYs per capita which doesn't allow for fast and efficient construction of a high-speed network (or even any additional rail line).
Soundtrack you choose is brilliant :)
That Czech Republic shade was unwarranted bro. Crashes happen everywhere. Also there was a deadly crash like 5 days ago NotLikeThis.
8:20 Hey! Porche made pretty good tanks durung WW2! Stop bitching about them. :P
Was not expecting to see Star Sector in an Adam Something video. A surprise to be sure, but a pleasant one.
Why so fast, tech bros, why so fast? Very few people and very few things need to go fast. Take it easy, tech bros, slowly and growly.
ok so 550kph train = die 😂
Though I share your opinion that this is bullshit,  I find your video a bit dishonest: they don't claim to be able to reach 550km/h on ALL existing lines, but just on existing HSL. And in France, TGV beat the record >570km/m on such a line, the limitation was not the rail or even flying rocks but the propagation speed of transverse waves in the overhead line, so a maglev might even be able to reach 600km/h.
10:09 IS THAT A STARSECTOR REFERANCE??
If i would be cancelor or Minister of transportation in the country i live in, i would hire Adam to reality check every idea someone trys to execute.
This thing would fit perfectly to connect the airport of a linear city with its ski resort in the midst of Saudia Arabia. No curves, no stops. But CGI could have been better. Maybe next time hire the special effects team for Guardians of the Galaxy?
Sooooo... Why do trains need to approach the sound barrier?  Just why?
The train knows where it is because the train knows where it isn't.
Ask Musk about copper theft. There have been hundreds  of them at Tesla's SCs over the past few months. You'd think tech bros would take note when one of the meg tech bros is getting robbed this way.
I don't know if you mentioned it, but track wear from a 550kph pod would build up pretty damn quick, and hey, suddenly we've got yet another derailment going on.
Br0 we have self driving cars, why can't we have self driving trains? that shit would be much easieer than self driving cars imo
The only way this idea works even a little is if it completely replaces all trains across the continent. Which isn't that uncommon in tech startups; Uber's road to profitability required them to replace all public transit globally, if I remember right. *If* it does replace all trains, you still have issues with track speed limits, driver shortages, etc., but you wouldn't need to worry about disparate control systems or other trains getting in the way because they would have been magicked away by the great wand of Almighty Scifi.
nice choice of music ^^ always happy to hear starcraft theme in the background of anything ;)
You cant compare US to EU rail systems one is passenger based the other is cargo basethe us rail system is much more efficient at transpoting freight than Europe, and European rail is better at passenger travel.
i'm laughing at the stupidity of this idea, knowing damn well that i imagine the same exact shit
My god. They're putting cars on train tracks.
Very cool idea, good luck implementing it in Poland
The SC1 Soundtrack killed me 🤣👌
Kiszel tünde naptár: Testvérem, Szeretlek!
:o A Cosmoteer freighter ! ❤
so wait, why do these things got proposed? is it just for clicks on the internet or do they use it as a grift to get funding them run off with the money? I just don't get this at all.
Bolivia mentioned 🔥
Thank you
Following on from your automated train point, one of the major reasons trains outside of dedicated routes can’t be automated fully is the risk of collisions. Whether this be from people on platforms falling or people on the track or cars at level crossings. Although some high speed or metro services can be fully automated, like Budapest line 4, these are fully modern and grade separated systems. Most railways are either old (built in the 1800s) or not designed with automation in mind.
The online place where selfdriving trains are viable is in the subway for example Nürnberg in Germany.
Oh yes, an Italian company is making a cheap maglev named "Ironlev" which is pod that can utilise conventional tracks that can be operated autonomously.
Copper for the romanian gods!
Spot on, for most of it at least :)   You know, the speed record for the TGV is 574.8 km/h, on standard ballasted track, using standard high speed catenary (although with more tension), with no damage to the surroundings at all. People were watching the train go past under the bridges they stood on with no problem what so ever. So I think you're largely overestimating the effects of very aerodynamically refined trains going very high speeds here, we already know how to do that ^^ (in record-breaking conditions, yes, ofc :p ).  Aaaand, we don't need maglev technology to reach these speeds ^^
Once again Tech Bros prove that Trains are the crabs of the transportation industry. No matter how innovative the idea it will always end up a train.
Every time I see these things it's clear that these are solutions designed in a vacuum to problems considered in a vacuum.  The vacuum being the heads of these techbros, you'll agree.
This channel is just a train channel now. 😂
Video interaction
Of course they want it to be pods. God forbid some poor person be around to interrupt as they watch their NFTs rocket to the moon in realtime, while riding to the airport to take their fully-automated quadcopter to the megayacht parked in international waters!
10:10 Starsector: Atlas-class Superfreighter
I liked your video until you decided to once again trash American railroads for seemingly no reason. Wtf man, we're trying to do better.
Sorry from Poland 😢
5:24 Notice something about the map? Greece. No train control system , at all yay for my Great country, and yay for our fantastic train system, Maybe you have seen in the news about that " mishap" we had last year?
As a Polish person, we don't claim this bullshit. Our trains are bad but at least not idiotic.
While it is true that the US does not have a big long distance passenger network, calling the US rail system a joke is quite unfair, considering it has one of the largest freight rail infrastructure systems in the world.
I like trains.
When this startup closes the headline jokes are built into its name, "Qoth the Raven, 'Nevomo'."
Prof Clakrkson's Sports Train!
ENOUGH OF STUPID TECH BROS IDEAS!! ONLY NATIONALIZED PKP IS ALLOWED TO ROAM THE TRACKS OF MY BELOVED COUNTRY🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱✊🙏
10:10 fellow Starsector player detected
In here he comes swinging with his facts...  stop ruining techbros idea of wasting funds without achiving anything and leeching of tax payers.
I love the use of starcraft music, brings back some good memories.
The Tide Pod generation are simply obsessed with pods.
Can you make a video of your opinion on the Chinese railway system? Thanks
The chill AoE2 music in the background is the icing on the cake.
Woo, StarCraft Terran theme!
Dude I love your videos so much!!!! I watch them every morning after I take my kratom and I’m waiting for it to kick in. You rock!!
Mr. Something, if I may?  The tech bros™ don't want logical solutions to their ideas.  They just want to spew out some incredible BS that sounds awesome (just don't look too deep into their idea) and collect money.  This is the equivalent to bros hanging out, getting drunk, and then exchanging ideas they had that day in the shower, with the exception being they're sober and it's written down.
As someone in civil engineering, ETCS and 25kV in all European countries will probably not be a completed project in our lifetimes lmao
Poland mentioned!!! <3
How many people /stuff can a railway move? Looks at the mobilisation at the beginning of the first world war... Apparently quite a bit.
Naser si
How could we make trains better then?
Very nice, I LOL'd several times 👍 One point though, I don't know what the Nevomo requirements for the infrastructure are, but a linear asynchronous motor doesn't require any copper coils in the trackbed, all you need is a series of aluminum plates or something similar laid down between the rails as a stator. Actually pretty cheap, tolerant to abuse and not likely to get stolen. Lots of systems like the Skytrain in Vancouver use them.
Most accurate depiction of the Deutsche Bahn ever  xD
positive comment.
10:10 Starsector mentioned 😮
the only idea that could possibly challenge current high speed rail is the French AeroTrain. infrastucture is a lot simpler to make. Just a concrete slab with a well in the middle to guide the train. Concretee doesn't need to be that flat, because you're floating on compacted air. Noise is a big issue tho. switches would require more work too. but since the TGV already proved it's better than the AeroTrain back in the 70s, this also won't happen
10:10 I see what you did here. When will I have Persean sector public transport analysis video?
If the country gets better would you move back to Hungary? You could do a lot of good here!😄
Don't show this concept to the German transport minister!
All he said on the topic of german trains: yes. Particularly the automobile bit.  It's also a good example to why you should NEVER privatize a public service you care about.
Ok let’s build international vaccum tubes linking the Americas to Eurasia , Japan and Philippines, Indonesia with Australia, Asia and Africa via Oman from Pakistan to Africa via Yemen boom you rendered shipping obsolete
Making fun of techbros is never not funny.
Hey ... we dont like crashing our trains it just sort of happens
Freaking tech bros, always trying to reinvent the wheel 😂
Trains are totally inflexible. If one issue occurs than immediately there are other trains stuck behind them and often the whole planning is broken. Even though theoretically they waste less energy per person per km, the inflexibility has high cost and nuisance. I believe that RAIL transport for people is not the future. I think long multi-harmonica luxury busses can be a much better option even if they are slower. In all cases, drivers could soon be replaced by autonomous / tele-operated systems for the long distance (>150 km highway) part of the journey. Rail remains a good option for heavy cargo over repeated long distances.
It'd be awesome if our genius-level "innovators" had managed to pass introductory physics.  But of course we all know that physics professors indoctrinate students with nonsense like "conservation of momentum", and similar woke propaganda.
You know, I noticed tech bros are enamoured with low capacity public transit. it's like they imagine the ideal transport system to be a fancy taxi. Shows they must be rich out of touch folks if they think that's how people ought to use transit lmao
Do you think that these "ideas" are just a way to try to circumvent regulation?  To avoid efficiency and safety standards. 20 or however many people per pod means they get to sell more pods, and fast pods let's them sell an advantage that doesn't really exist.  Trains and rails have rules.  There is nothing in the rulebook about Pods, anything goes right?  They use the word pod because it isn't currently associated with trains, like say container is.
I'd love to hear your comments on the Brightline West service in the US that's coming some time.
13:37 Sächsische Schweiz, my beloved <3
As a German I can confirm that the FDP only cares about the car industry. FDP actually means "Für Den Porsche".
This never gets old 😀
Nice video. It makes me think of the SC Maglev project between Tokyo and Osaka, which seems to be just a vanity project from JR. I hope being proven wrong (cause I find the idea of maglev cool nonetheless) but it looks like a future big fail.
Hell yeah.  Full circle baby!
But bro the trams at airports don't have drivers!/s
To be fair, AI prediction engines for train sorting/routing isn't a terrible idea.  After a year or three of tracking trains (and crashes) it would probably be able to do a better and faster job than the humans currently involved.  We'd basically be there to handle overrides and do sanity checks.  I also do strongly believe that driverless vehicles of all sorts will one day be the norm and trains seem like the ideal first step since there's basically only two directions you can go.  And if AI is in charge of both planning train routes and driving the trains themselves, you would probably have a hyper efficient train system.  Do I believe in this techbro nonsense, no.  But there is some sense to the nonsense.  If techbros weren't idiot business majors and instead were, I don't know, engineers or other critical thinker types, they'd probably see the answers too.
Nice research on your part on the rail network! Couldn't have explained it better as a rail worker.
Just one Word: Transrapid.
The background music makes me want to build trebuchets rather than high speed rail
For something similar to this but executed by people with brains look up the Maglev being built in Japan named Chuo Shinkansen. Granted its a train and not a pod.
I wish we'd spend billion and billions on train infrastructure retrofits for commuter and long distance passenger trains... just not stupid small pods. I want a damn sleeper car that doesn't cost $1000 one way trip.
They will slap "AI" and "ChatGPT" all over it and investors will throw money at them....watch it happen. OMG....then I got to the end of the video....LMAO.
7:08 Laughs in British 🇬🇧😭
Their stupidity went off the rails, to say the least
I would love to be in a pod and experience like 3G of force while going through a corner meant for 100km/h
Rather then making “trains but worse”, why not build upon pre existing trains and make better versions of those?
I would love to see them test this thing on US tracks especially those on frieght lines 😂
And I just want a train that does 160km/h in my country...
Oh come on, Adam. There's a simple solution: give them wings and you could just skip over blockages! You could call them airtrains and build airports to run them out of. I mean, they're even painted orange! Like that well known sky train company, uhhh, I forget now. The point: sky trains! It'd solve all the problems and all you'd need to do is add wings. So simple!
Hold up, starsector reference (10:10) 😱. Incredibly based taste. No Starsector fan can be wrong 🧐 only knoledgeable people play that game.
Elon showed people that it doesn't matter if it can be done, it only matters if you can sell it to the government! That is why they keep pretending to revolutionize public-transportation.
Loved the random broodwar terran music ❤
Finding the "biggest problem" here is of course open to discussion, but the point beginning around 12 minutes seems like the issue most core to the whole concept. I feel like that's the biggest issue.
Why do these "pods" look like pregnancy tests when laid out in a grid of 100?
Ignoring all the tech bro spin, I do wonder if it is possible to do Maglev on conventional style train tracks, like a high speed rail+, and if you could, would it be cheaper than full maglev?
Here in Slovakia, we have long tradition of trains on fire . . . Even we don't want this tech bro shit 😂😂😂
Did you already expose the corruption in Germany about the train topic? If not , would be nice jf you do so
11:22 damn i need that calendar in my life.
6:00 Leave it to a European to forget that freight trains exist.
Somehow They got stupider
Not sure why, but after watching this video I feel a sudden urge for ... salami, I think?
Please, anyone have the song source for 7:03 ? it is killing me. Love these videos but the pain is real
Almost every single "disruptive" tech company can be boiled down to "What if we got rid of all the unnecessary complexity and redundancy and inefficien...wait, what do you mean all of that was actually necessary?"
6:14  As a czech, that hit hard, but sadly it's true.
I mean there exists a technology from the 1900s that allows trains to go way faster through corners/curves, heck it will enable you to only have one metal beam per track instead of two and therefore only one line of wheels... It's called a gyro... somebody in I think between 1890 and 1920 managed to put a gain gyro on a train and it works, heck even modern maglev trains and I think even the new high-speed trains in japan use gyros to be able to go 360 kmph through corners. I think it had a special name but I don't remember and I am most likely remembering when it got invented and implemented wrong.
As an american watching this...im so fucking jealous of european trains. Even when its a mess, its so much better-i live 3 hours from Chicago, and theres NO GODDAMN RAIL LINE to just GO there. Theyve been fighting about setting it up for a decade and i just want a goddamn train so i dont have to drive in Chicago
When the DB (German railway) i something considered good for your county, i feel pitty for you We have Ankunftsprognose which is basically a witch asking a crystalball to see when your train arrives
I was waiting for you to make a video about this polish revolutionary idea since I heard about it a couple of years ago! Great video ❤
So...as an American in Northern California, I smell the strong scent of a project designed by other Americans in Northern California. Ones who drive cars everywhere for absolutely everything and maybe took the Bay Area Rapid Transit service once in their youth before their stock options kicked in. It should be noted that this BART service has dedicated tracks on concrete that don't intersect with roadways.
7:57  UK is the ultimate example of traffic
Starsector at 10:09 :DDDD
great video which was made more awesome with the inclusion of a Deus Ex soundtrack at 07:09
Techbros inventing trains (but worse), is like how animals keep evolving/devolving into crabs, it’s inevitable.
And novomo would need new bypass tracks anyway
Since these solutions seem to be aimed at rich people due to the limited capacity and high cost and all... you know what can go at very high speeds, is expensive and with limited capacity but unlike these monstrosities, don't need all that much infrastructure (at least beyond what is already present)? Helicopters. Just rent a heli with a pilot, techbros. Unless the weather is exceptionally foul, they can go almost anywhere. If there is as much demand for them as these people envision for their pods, it'll even drive the price down.
10:09 I immediately had the image of a Terran command center's slowass liftoff animation in front of my inner eye. Peak hive mind, Adam. 👏
To be real, the Stadler kiss is the goat of higher and low speed rail trains
There is a joke in Poland that national train PKP, translates to Prędzej Kurwa Pieszo (Faster On Fucking Foot) because the train infrastructure is so old and always in maintenance that train just dont arrive on time like never. 30m-2h delays are norm. So i dont see anything going faster that 150-200 km/h max
I'm starting to think tech bros go to all this work just to be roasted by Adam Something
So your message is don't even try because I'm going to sit here eating cheetoes and criticize you while offering nothing myself but criticism??   This video is much like its contents, nothing new just a rehashed version of a "I know better so listen to me flame stuff" video.  1 minute and 47 seconds I'll never get back, algorithm fail.
They wanna invent something new so bad instead of just working on trains
bro knows the neverhood
I'm barely 1 minute in, and it sounds like a very obvious crash hazard.
New gig economy job just dropped: “sign up today to DRIVE COMMERCE as a contract train conductor! No experience, background checks or training required”
Good lord man you can't just spring the Kiszel Tünde calendar on the people of youtube like that
I don’t think it’s called the Czech Republic anymore, Adam.
I guess that the train thing will revolutionise travel!
The best thing about this video is the great music inbetween the segments. Keep it up Adam!
STARSECTOR!
How the trains from the combine called "Razer Trains" are actually more train than these pOds despite them being an alien species says a lot. Even for a fictional powerful multiversal empire, they never turned anything into stupid pods unlike these tech guys
As a fellow Polish citizen, I apologise for their awful idea and I promise that Polish engineers are not like them
Jeez Adam, say what you mean for once.. 🤣🤣🤣 love ya man ❤
The only good alternative is the transrapid
Correction about the 350kph trains that "barely ever reach that speed". In france, whenever you take a TGV, you'll almost always be pinned at 320kph, only slowing down around cities and train stations. Also our intercities are 170+ kph so yay?
You need to do a video on IronLev...
lmao awesome
As a German I can confirm. I hate the Deutsche Bahn with a passion second to none.
there is one thing that these Tech Bros need to is (if it ain't broke don't fix it)
I sometimes hope that shit like this is just investort trap like every company putting AI on their sites.
You should talk about Spain's excellent high-speed rail network. Spain's AVE trains are among the fastest in Europe and the network spans over 3,330 kilometres on dedicated tracks, the most extensive outside of China. If I remember correctly, they can travel at up to 350 kph but usually run at 310 kph to reduce operation costs and you can set you watch by them! There are 17 trains a day from Madrid to Barcelona for €25.
😂😂😂
I fucking love this channel so much. Adam is extemely angry about things I didn't even know existed and tears them a new one while I learn a ton of interesting shit.
Elon Musk lied about Hyperloop to gain the system and make tons of money? Inconceivable!
The TGV, ICE and Shikansen are the fastest? What about Chinese trains?
trains can currently/will soon be automated, the chuo shinkansen (once it eventually opens) will have no driver, but instead a fully automated control system with a camera at each end of the train in case someone needs to take over for whatever reason
urgh ofc the FDP is under Porsches thumb, who else could enjoy socialised external costs in form of not having to pay carbon tax, yet froth at their mouth whenever things get subsidized that do not directly profit them and their rich mates
THEY'RE LEARNING (slowly)
Small point - trains don't slow down for level crossings, not in the UK anyway, and no level crossing would be allowed on such a high speed line.
in that tech sales slide: "ultimate solution: hyperloop". one would think they'd try to pretend they never bought into it. bringing it up not only as viable, but as "ultimate" is embarrassing.
The hyperloop over rails idea is awful, but the idea of self propeling wagons is good, because nowdays, if you want to detach a wagon from a train and atach to other train, you will need a long and expensive manuvering with locomotives. Autonomus selfpropeling wagons (for cargo) can made this a lot more easy.
Living in Finland, where slot of the rail hasn't been upgraded - due to low poo density in the periphery - first thing popped into my head was it simply spinning into the air off the rails and exploding in the forest, as soon as it tries to accelerate, and scaring all the elk.
We've had fully automated trains since the 70s. Automation not happening in Europe isn't a tech issue, it is a union one.
I feel like Adam & the viewers lose brain cells everytime these guys try something dumb. 😂
11:20 Kiszel Tünde offering her sausage? I wonder about the other months on this calendar.
“Using existing tracks…We just gotta practically rebuild those existing tracks”
Make a Mii with me~~
Man, I know the US railroad network is dogshit. You don't have to keep rubbing it in.
10.09 starsector freigter
All the toddler-billionaires are trying to make their legacy and they all grew up watching the Jetsons in the 60's so that's why it's all pods.
You just have to love Adam for his choice of music <3
guarantee a car company funded this because best case scenario they build it and it mucks up public transport leading to more car sales and worst case scenario it delays funding public transport because politicians need to study and debate some new nonsense for 5 years before picking a path forward.
10:10 Starsector's Atlas super freighter spotted.
Sometimes I wonder how do you find all these bogus companies 😂😂😂
Honestly to make this stuff work you'd need to do so much extra work and construction it would end up beeing easier to just buy/copy the new maglev shinkansen from japan. And even that actual, real project that is beeing built right now has its fair share of counter points.
i feel like techbro-bashing is the new gamer gate internet trend. Those videos are getting repetitive, no matter how much money is poured into dumb projects.
Is it possible to short these companies?
10:09 hell yeah, he's a starsector enjoyer
"Literally Death Stranding"
The Nuclear Hyperloop will solve all the modern transportation problems.  Thruster nuclear devices detonated at one end of the Hyperloop will accelerate the pods to a significant fraction of light speed. It's even easier than an air hockey table in a tube.
13:55 Sounds like aoe2 music to me. Nice!
there is a reason i am against self driving cars, we dont have self driving trains yet witch should be easier
You forgot to mention one special feature: with normal trains, the guy exiting at 6:54 would've totally hit his head. With this great invention he can just move through the hull.
Did he just put Age of Empires music in the end 🤣
I'm from this country you may have heard of called Canada. And we have this type of metro train in Vancouver that uses linear induction motors to propel the train forward along the track, while using normal rails to carry the trains weight and guide it and a normal third rail for traction power. Basically a linear induction motor (which is how maglevs propel) unrolls an electric motor and splits it between an electromagnet on the train bogie and a continuous one on the tracks. Alternating postive and negative magnetic fields 'sucks' the train along the tracks. Though LIM trains can take steeper hills and accelerate marginally faster, they have basically the same performance specs as traditional electric traction motor metro trains.
first its pods then domed cities and then ruby jewels on our hands that glow at a certain time...
There is one autonomous pod idea I came across which I wouldn't throw out the window imediatly: The Monocab by OWL University in Germany. It is designed to run with lower speeds(upt to 60km/h max) on a single rail,  stabelised by gyroscopes. The idea is to run it on non electrified rural defunct rail lines.
So proud to see my country below Germany in terms of punctuality of railways. I wonder what the red line meant, though. Maybe - "partly in the Balkan region, so it doesn't count"?
Unexpected Tünci
German here: When the H.A.s are not preoccupied founding a startup, that goes bankrupt within 12 months, and getting payed by the goverment thus effectively stealing taxpayer money, the FDP is under direct control of the highest payer.
7:24 - As a German who relies on trains, here is why German trains are so unpunctual: The entire German railway network is controlled by the company Deutsche Bahn, which has a monopoly on the German railways. This situation was caused by politicians privatizing everything without giving orders about renewing the railway system. This led to a railway system that needs to be renewed now instead of having been renewed in the past.
Blessed to live in an era where we have tech bros about to get  just right something that was already done in the 1800's🙌
I wish American rails were used more. It would help a lot
10:10 Yo that middle image is from Starsector!
Some shitty copper Thief getting hit by a pod at 550 km/hour painting the pod red.
Can you Dismantle Podway®
LOLz based on 5 minute delays, cries in Merican' at our "it's considered on time if it arrives within 30 minutes of arrival time"...  🥴
Inspired by Elon!!!!! Like his Intercontinental rocket ships!
lol!  That royalty-free music, though...
Late stage capitalism: investors are now the mark of the con.
have you thought to do a video on how every company is putting "AI" in their products when its nothing more than a simple computer program? Like come on a toothbrush with "AI"...more tech key word bandwagon.
The idea of short haul small stock cargo is actually a good one. Problem is, it's good for local delivery runs at low speeds through manufacturing areas. A train that hits 5 distribution centers each day is far more efficient than 15 semis for each.
Not sure if these guys know, but train tracks are made for a maximum speed. They have a different corner radius and so on, depending on the speed they are made for. If the track was only build with 250kph in mind, you can't just put a meglev train on it and make it go 500kph. It'll just fly off the track as soon as it hits a curve.
If there would be enough bribes it will come to fruition ... like all other stupid ideas.
Can't wait for AI to start hallucinating whether or not there is already a pod at the station during the 500Km/H approach. I can't wait for the headline, "200 dead in pod derailment collision with apartment."
We've finally gone full circle, folks!
I cant believe tech bros havent considered the wallet problem in their train ideas
whenever i see these i suspect the reason they want to optimize for speed so much is because they just want to fly a plane, and you can't greenwash those. …well, unless it's elon actively doing it to sabotage efficient trains of course
The classic games OST are one of the reasons i click on your videos now, too
Soon techbros will evolve and we'll see a train, but it'll be 20 teslas glued together
If the center driving "rail" is made of copper:  A: It will be a billion $ per mile.  B: N'er-do-wells are now ripping copper plumbing out of empty houses  They'd love to be ripping up that center rail for fun and profit.... a 550 KPH train would hit what was torn up... all hell will break loose.  Next, there's going to be serious voltage and amps in that "rail." N'er-do-wells will be getting fried. Since these folks are incredibly crafty, they'll figure out a way to avoid the electricity....
10:10  !Starsector Mentioned! !Satbomb Jangala!
Trains are truly the crabs of transport.
On the Driverless train claim, Paris is slowly replacing its RER fleet with RER NG trains which are compatible with automation if need be
Literally Death Stranding 🤣
7:28  Dues Ex music
Ok, what is that music at 10:10? i recognise it but can't recall where
I think in reality why this broke Adam, it because he said: Shut up!.... And take my money!
Punctual European trains ... Poland not even there :D.
Well, America tends to go for airplanes because they're faster. Also, I couldn't sit for 4 days on a train (2 segments) going 2500 miles from NYC to LA for over $700 -- and $3000 for private rooms. Europe is smaller than the US.
1:00 ah yes, the famously completely separated from freight trains, polish rail system. I totally was not late for school because of it
Valid critique, however, if you put wings on the pod and jet engines, the train could hover above the rail and accasionally skip trains by going above them. Also this would fix the issue with unstable railing
I am getting a sc1 flashbacks from that 4th part xD. Other than that... good vid  I say :D.
Dutch punctuality mentioned 🇳🇱🗣🔥
Current traditional rail speed record is 574km/h. Propulsion is not the issue.  Power consumption, rail wear and track geometry are. And this Nevomo solves none of it.
What about skyrail in honolulu hawaii. That's autonomous. I know it's an Incredibly simple system. But they have a car every 10 minutes at every station. I just think it's something that deserves credit
Adam Something: "If it sounds like a bad idea, allow me to explain how it's actually a MUCH WORSE idea!"
Excellent deconstruction of an inprofitable unfeasible non-solution to a non-existent problem.
ouch for the CZ crash joke but it is fair - the system was there but the "go life" date is first in November...
Man you didnt have to do us dirty like that :( 6:13
i fkin love those Double Kisses on the S70 line
I’m now imagining a Titan Submersible reimagining, where 20 rich people get onto a new cool train, and immediately get centrifuged to mulch on the first corner.
Um, don't call Nevomo "big idiocy," they prefer "deep idiocy"
Well the Transrapid was cleared for comercial sales at some point in the 90s and you could just go to Siemens / ThyssenKrupp and order one. And it's probably by far the most sensible variant of Maglev, as it does not require liquid nitrogen cooled superconductors. And it could go 400+ kph plus 30 years ago.  Shanghai is the only place that bought it and the German developers gave up on the idea, despite it being market ready and had government approval to operate. I like the concept of using the existing rail. But the pods are nonsense. And existing rail cannot handle those speeds, as you pointed out. Especially curves.  Looking at the concept though -> The steel wheels are supposed to levitate, once the system is up to speed, right? So no friction there anymore, also noise levels would be drastically reduced. So maybe they should go check the math of how much energy would be saved due to reduced friction, when "normal" trains with current speed were to use it and how long it would take to break even on the invest, by saving energy every journey. That's the only realistic use case I see here, but my guess is the break even point could measured in decades... Or the magnets actually use more, than overhead power and steel wheels.
When I was a kid, I always wanted the world to be like it is in futuristic movies. It is now clear to me that the future as protrayed in movies is just the real world but less efficient.
10:08 Terran Theme 1 jumpscare
What about improve current rails quality instend of wasting money at more car lanes?
Makes good points, rational arguments, sound reasoning..... ok, gets a like.
Begging tech bros to stop trying to reinvent the wheel and just catch NA up to the rest of the goddamn world. Holy fuck. Just do what the rest of the world is already doing! Its ok!!
I just want to see a test of a 550 km/h train hitting a passenger car at a level crossing.
This is the first "Adam Something" video I've seen and I immediately subscribed. I am wondering why it took Youtube years to recommend one of his videos to me. Their algos have suggested so much crap to me in spite of the fact that I never click on it.  You have to wade through a sea of toxic propaganda, violence, soft porn and the glorification of stupid behavior before you're exposed to any new content worth watching. It is maddening. You would think that they would get a clue from what you've subscribed to, but nope.
German trains actually have more problems than just shared tracks, a lot of that is based on the (partly) privatization of Deutsche Bahn. It's a pretty good example  that privatizaion in certain areas just sucks, haha
If rich people want a rich people only travel service why not just buy A-320neo and do a Business Class only set up? So for Warsaw to London at 900kph.
TGV holds a record of 570+ kph, so some rails indeed allow such speeds. Not regularly, of course, but still.
In germany an high speed train is defined as late at 5 min delay, however: at like 1h delay, they cancel the train, registering it as on time.
I cant wait for the hydrobeast, a cargo ship, but they removed half of the space for cargo, oh and you also have to use oars with 300 other people, to promote "social activities" (they definitely know what motors are guys we swear)
As a German I can confirm the Infos about us, sadly
OMG again? Techbros out here reinventing public transit more often than Windows requires a reboot to install an update...
"Ni hao need 20 more containers fast" MY SIDES
innovative blockchain technology could shift the paradigm of legacy train travel's over-reliance on fallable human operators by modernizing to a truly distributed model that automatically interfaces with modern, high speed pods that allow for democratization of movement and the security and privacy of one's own personal space. you just don't get it
While I agree with most of what you say, I think you are pushing it by saying that their pod would only fit 20 people. They are CGI looks like that thing would hold way more people than that, so you don’t need to flog it to make your point.
"Blockchain fixes this."
just add jet engines and wings, it will go 900+ km/h and won't need infrastructure on the way
_“That's not a rail service, that's a travelling exhibition!…”_ 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣  As one whose travelled coast to coast (Halifax to Vancouver) on Canada's _‘travelling exhibition’,_ (seriously the rolling stock is older than I am, and I'm more than 3/5ths of a century old),  I can assure you, getting to your destination _VIA_ fast, is not an option.
Suppository, the rail version
I think history has proven that we're ALL better off when German industry ISN'T running efficiently
StarCraft music caught me off guard
12:30 well except the french because they love fixing undercarriage dents on their duplexes
So high speed airships powered by lasers are the answer..
As a new person living in Germany would be cool to have a deep dive in why the Deutschebahn is so bad
Techbros are modern day conmen. Every time I hear about a techbro start up I think back to that dollar duplication box from the 1800s. The conman puts a few  dollars in to show you it works and then bails as soon as they get the money.
''ETCS solves this mess'',firstly you have shit ton of diferent rules,signals and other shit accros the European rails,secondly look at the UK,having six or so diferent signalling systems and working like nothink. Even in the 2010s Skoda was able to fit locomotive with many diferent signalling systems that it could go from Belgium to Romania without a locomotive change
Brings to mind the old submarine screen door joke
Just adding additional normal tracks for the train would make train travel a LOT faster, because you got more capacity in case a train breaks down
Oh hey Zpráva železnic mentioned. Czechia making a name in the tech bro re-invention world
At this point I fully believe that most tech start ups are scams. The only reason they never get charged with anything is they actually try to work on a product but they know from its inception that it will never work, but investors will throw money at them, money they use to pay their salaries. These people start companies to create products that will never sell, never make a profit, or just can't work and FOMO filled investors will throw money at them. All they have to do is try to make it work and when it fails, it's not their fault. It's government regulations, or reviewers, of the tech is not ready, yet, give us more money and we'll make it work, "and we mean it this time".
I'll give them this -- this terrible idea at least will waste less money than hyperloop did.
Also these tech bros have no clue that in the US freight trains have priority, not passenger.
Steel wheels are the most efficient way to move freight and passengers on land. Maglev is a neat way to make it more comfortable at the expense of electricity and massive infrastructure changes. Regular high-speed rail just takes really nice conventional rail. Much cheaper and almost as smooth.   Only tech bros could screw this up.
Gawd damn your content is so spicy lol.  I love it.  Keep up the excellent videos!
COPPER! Of course some ppl will steal it, cause who the heck doesn't like copper!? The best metal!!!
The death stranding email had me dying, premium content as always.
fucking gadgetbahns. Bombardier proposed using linear induction motors in the 60s and 70s, but not as a high speed -dildo- rail line. You can make the trains with shorter headways, i.e. you can service a rail network with a denser series of stops than regular rail/metro. And its been built (as a dedicated rail line)... again its not new, this was demonstrated in the 1800s
Nice video, everything ok (apart from the pod we're talking about, that is). The funny thing, however, is that while I was watching the video I had to endure a lot of advertisements, and 90% of them were car advertisements... in themselves no problem, better than those of "donate your money and in exchange we will save the children of Africa, the Middle East and even Atlantis", but... YOUR video and CAR advertisements... I'd say that YouTube's algorithms choose really well, right?
The fact that it was Poles that came up with this and haven't heard of track/cable theft only shows how unhinged these people are lmfao
As someone living in Poland - foreign investors! Please invest as much as you can into this!  We'll appreciate the economy boost while this thing will never go out of the planning phase!
Not again! Another bullshit idea to siphon some money from some EU project or gullible investors, probably.  The main disadvantage of trains is that they only go on the tracks they have... So if you live in town A and want to go to vacation in a village 10 km of town B (or commute daily to work in the other side of town B than the train station), you need a reasonable connection (public transport, or coach service). That's why the punctuality and reliability is paramount.  If I go on vacation once in a longer time, I don't care much if the train ride takes 4 or 8 hours, as long as I can plan for it and book appropriate connection. If it's about the daily commute (e.g. 50km), it does not matter much if it takes 20 minutes or 5 (I can read a book, or organize my notes for the meeting or whatever... it's not a wasted time anyway), and again, I much more need that it comes at the right time + that there is enough capacity, if there are many people taking the same route (if there are not, then nobody is going to invest in building it anyway). So where would make most sense to build something would be some short commuter distances ... but wait, for these it's good when there are enough stops so that the people who use it daily have it close by to their homes and offices.   So again, the ultra-speed is useless, because it would speed up and brake all the time anyway, never reaching the top speed (and you don't want the commuter train to get many Gs of acceleration, do you?).  What we need is to improve reliability and coverage, not speed (and definitely not speed on "pods" that are not coupled together and can't take many passengers).  Combining the cons of trains (need for tracks) with the cons of cars (low capacity) is not the way to go...
If it ain't broke don't fix it man 😂
I swear half these tech bro ideas are about sucking up as much vulture capital as possible and then cashing out.  They could instead spend their effort on working with existing systems to make them more efficient or make their customer interfaces more usable.
Uh oh, German trains aren't running on time again.
Hey!  We like crashing trains in the US too, but only when we have the opportunity to turn a residential neighborhood into a Superfund site.
So who came up with these things and how much traction is it getting? I mean, you can make videos on every stupid idea in existence.
3rd ragebait video in a row. Not gonna watch
Where could one find those ketamine poles you speak of (~13:15)?
10:34 😂😂😂 there is no reason. Plus the whole reason rail is more efficient than road transportation is cargo is heavy and metal wheels supporting cargo is cheap. Do not levitate the cargo
alternatively: "What if planes, but on tracks"
Something else worth pointing out to compliment the point that speed isn't everything and frequency is just as important is that if trains run too fast, you won't have as much frequency! Fast trains means they take longer to stop, which means you need more spacing between the signalling beacons and posts, which means you can't run as many trains as you could with a 300/320km/h high speed rail system which can theoretically offer up to 20 trains per hour running them as little as three minutes apart. Not that you would need that many in reality, but still. I think the industry has already shown that 300/320km/h is the sweet spot for high speed with maybe 350km/h if you really need to squeeze that speed and capacity like in Japan and China.
This script man, fucking brilliant.
I like innovation, why not save 1 day on a 3 week delivery? If there are optimizations at each step or a single step of the supply chain it lowers risk even if marginally and dependent on other areas.  HOWEVER.   The risk of enshitification is too high on those high tech solutions.  If costs are high they will have to charge more or lower quality somewhere and adds lots of possible failing points. If enshitification of software is bad imagine enshitification of train rails and infrastructure services.   Just expand existing high speed rails. Test novelties on smaller scales where it is already shitty, like in the USA where they basically don’t have trains.
I gotta say, having used the TGV a few days ago to go from Paris to Strasbourg, top speed around 300 km/h (according to my iphone GPS based-app), this sounds really reasonable.  Best way to travel? Might not be the most comfortable of all time (although it is 8/10), but for the price and distance and the frequency, it feels like a utopian future - while I bought a ticket for 70€, and you have a train every 2 hours.  Come on, people... TGV is awesome.   (Tobb Need for Speed 1 dalt! 😊 Udvozlettel, es sok sikert a csatornahoz)
At this point I hate anything that has the word “pod” in it. House pods, train pods, hell even escape pods are quite impractical. Pods are ugly and honestly just seem dystopian.
The best thing about this channel is that you will never run out of topics, the Universe is finite but human stupidity is infinite.
Tech Bros should tread carefully when trying to innovate industries they barely understand. These attempts often backfire due to the neglect of numerous real-world intricacies.
7:35 funny you mention that when in france people will complain all the time about trains being late and personnel always striking lol good to hear some positive about french rail
10:10 Where's the middle freight picture from?
oh, I think I understand the disconnect, he thinks pods are about speed. Maybe that’s what the billionaires think, but the point of a pod is not to go any faster than a normal train. The point of a pod is to eliminate the need to wait for a train, and to eliminate the need to travel with any passengers who do not have your exact origin and destination stations
Every time someone wants to have " automated cars" I think: " Why not start with automated trains?" Trains have their closed off tracks, tracks are fully mapped out and not subject to daily changes. The control system knows where all the other trains are. Put in some safety senors and an emergency standby and youre golden. But iam pretty sure no country or regulation will allow driverless trains on conventional rails. 8:20 Yeah and Christian Linder is also the head of german finance ministry which ensures that money gets well spend, and not put into the ever dying rail sector :)
The last point is the most important one. What prevents trains going faster isn't their propulsion system, it's their track geometry. If a high speed line is designed for speeds of 300km/h, the curves on the line will mean that a train cannot (comfortably) go above that speed. Regarding propulsion, a souped-up TGV once got up to 574km/h on a standard high speed line, but, as you spoke about here, it flew up a lot of ballast in the process. The point is that the fancy propulsion system isn't even needed because it is possible to reach such high speeds through more conventional, proven (and crucially cheaper) methods.
The pods won't work lol, the only train that actually has been proven and tested are the maglev trains in Japan which have achieved 600km/hr. Which are far better then trying to run it on normal tracks like that.
5:40 I see Bulgaria finally conquered Serbia 😅
Listen, you have to give them credit cause this time they only claimed half of already existing infrastructure as their own invention.
Maybe you could make a video on the monocab next
One car moving at 500 km/h has the same throughput as a longer slower train with 5 cars moving at 100km/h. And guess which one is insanely cheaper to run? Get even longer and slower and congratulations, you have normal trains, and they’re even cheaper!
note: the US Rail network isnt terrible, the problem is its an Industrial rail network being used as a commuter rail network, and that Rail networks cannot be multitasked.  We would be better off with a dedicated highspeed network distinct from the industrial rail.
Terran music.
I just stumbled upon your channel and i really love your hatred for these stupid ideas. Got me giggling through the whole video so i guess i'm a new subscriber now :D
This guy seems to be operating under the assumption that the infrastructure we already have is all we will ever have, that any traffic solutions must only use existing infrastructure, and that any transit solution which displaces traffic off of current infrastructure is unthinkable. I don’t think I’ve ever come across a train lover who is so pessimistic about the potential for public infrastructure development, or who is so seemingly OK with the status quo of no new rail infrastructure being developed.
I’m afraid I’m getting fat, what should I do?
The randomly interspersed Starcraft 1 soundtrack bits are killing me
The Kiszel Tunde wall calendar really caught me off guard at 11:22
Reason why tech bros are pushing for pods instead of the usual train cars is so they could sell more. Like, why sell a whole pizza for $15-20 when you can have people pay $10 per slice?
I love how tech bros answer to every traffic problem is just "If we make it faster with sci-fi bullshit it'll be better"
6:14 ....  You just had to poke us, right? Lol
The worst thing is that the tech bros are swimming in other people’s money and don’t care.  🤷‍♂️
Lots of excellent points. Copper theft in particular is a non trivial problem.
Either a very dumb idea for transportation or a brilliant scheme by copper cable thieves. Being from Poland I wouldn't rule out the latter.
Ha, Poland mentioned
We got suckerpunched by your nasty wall calendar. Well played. But beware: with great sausage comes great responsibility!
Tech bros really trying to combine the worst thing about cars and the worst thing about public transit
Could you make an in depth video of the ETCS and how far we are on our way to autonomous trains? I imagine a world with high frequency trains like every 10 minutes because the alck of drivers and never ever have to care about schedules or running to catch a train because the next one is just around the corner *-*
*.....*
Tech Bros at it again! 😂
I checked the project's website to learn that it is funded by NCBR. NCBR is an institution established politicians from a party that was recently in power in Poland, with the aim of siphoning money from the budget. The official funding is 16 million PLN (approximately 4 million EUR). IMHO, this project was created to defraud money rather than to develop anything
Could the pods stop, please!?
"we would need to spend billions to rework this whole system for a pod containing a few people" US DOT would like a chat  /j
Hey, what about Ironlev? Could you check that?
Just imagine all these people investing in making our existing shit real good and efficent...
in the US, people feel safe in a car, and feel unsafe on public transit, especially trains, because they are trapped, they cannot escape, they cannot get off the train, they cannot affect whether or not the train comes to a stop. and because most commonly the people who ride trains are the people who don’t have the money for a car, which is usually a person who is economically depressed and may at any point choose violence to obtain money. I don’t think anything short of a 500 mph train for one dollar a ticket would get Americans out of cars or threaten the auto industry in America.
I could imagine automated small trains to serve rural areas where that could be the only way to provide a decent, yet unprofitable, service to areas where a regular train is misuse of resources. But yeah, not a maglev pod for hyper speed but more a remote controlled bus on rails.
This popped up on Gareth Dennis' Railnatter podcast a while ago, and it mildly baffled chat.
Basically, physics f*cks you, no matter how much tech you want to trow at current railway tracks unless you rebuild it properly. An if we had the funds to do that, we could instead just do it for regular f*ing trains.
Oh yeah baby, the starcraft music being used
the fucking magnetic panel between rails idea has me in stitches. Just 3 words. Fucking Point Switches. Not to mention what happens when you put IRON right next to a fucking magnet. Also, the designation of ‘magnetic panel between rails’ already exists, it’s those systems like AWS. Both railway operators and track network teams are not gonna replace a system that has existed since the 60s and is basically standard on everything. It’s the only scenario where i would legitimately argue that building a hyperloop is better, because it would be more economical than ruining the entirety of a railway network for some bullshit awful version of a plane.
Im kinda impressed with those tech bors, that they didnt somehow connect their revolutionary train idea with crypto or NFTs. I guess we should call it some kind of progress, am i right?
Rail is actually much much better to automate than driverless cars. The only decisions are what speed to go, and what to do at junctions. Automating rail is much much smarter than automating driving. The only problem is, you cannot share the rail network with anything else except automated trains. if anything runs on the same tracks that is not part of the same system it will be a disaster. Which means that the issue is not automation, it is infrastructure. tech Bros suggesting automation are not suggesting that they can integrate with existing rail traffic. They are suggesting that governments handover the entire rail network to them for their own exclusive use
Tech bro: *does a line of coke*, "alright guys, i got an idea." Tech bro 2: *smokes some ketamine*, "i'm listening." Tech bro: *does another line of coke*, "what if trains, but worse?" Tech bro 3: "GENUS!!!"
20 is a lot worse than the image shows.
10:06 Hahaha I love the freight ship cameo from StarSector!
I wish there was some way to short these companies. You could make a fortune betting against these obvious scams.
These Nevomo pods can be excellent for rural lines to feed into main dedicated high capacity maglev lines like transrapid or SCMAGLEV now rural trains become high speed
Add me on TrainStation
Was looking forward to watching this but Adam: it's a terrible way to start the video - feel almost assaulted with big omg. There are serious consequences to using God's name in vain. Please could you change this.
Austrian trains are usually delayed bc they get delayed in germany
Lol theres a reason why rail technology of 200 years old, and why hsr is like almost 60. Its because we've figured it out. It works
Your use of Neverhood and Starcraft OSTs is greatly appreciated. The rest of the video too, of course, but yknow. Neverhood.
This thing reminded me of the german Schienenzeppelin (1929). It shared some disadvantages and changed train technology actually nothing at all.
10:10 I recognize Starcraft when I hear it lol
10:10 I recognize Starcraft when I hear it lol
We can use bigger maglev pods aka trains.
Deus ex music makes me install it again
Nagyon jól sikerült Ádám Valami
Look at the Vancouver Skytrain, it runs on linear motors since 1986, no drivers needed.
7:30 Not entirely true. The main Problem is, that the tracks are in a horrible condition and there are no alternative routes anymore since they have been neglected. The DB was deprived of money for maintenance for so long, that even if they get all the money the needed, it would take a decade to get up to speed and they don't get all the money they need.
Nothing can replace the Bzmot.
as an American I would like to refute the claim that our mass passenger train system is a joke. jokes are funny and the system is just sad
Every video there is AOE2 music section, I love it.
The theft one is so obvious since people will climb on churches to steal lead off the roof
trillions*
I love your penchant for using 90s game soundtracks
You need a “Not Another Fucking Pod” playlist
Wasn't expecting that Terran 1 theme there.
Imo the pods are worth exploring, especially outside rush hour periods and in more sparsely populated places where the alternative is usually just a car. Imagine you could instead pod-along at 200km/h instead of driving.
Techbros' ideas are basically scams to get money from investors with Dumb Individualistic Libertarian Digital Objects  (aka "pods"), by making them feel progressive to support the invention of the individual mass public transport. If the investors have that much money to waste on this garbage, they should consider a revolutionary idea: paying taxes. Here is the ad slogan: "With paying taxes, you can help your local government deploy a useful and scalable mass public transport! Be progressive, pay your taxes!"
I want to see an episode where Adam poses as a TechBro and comes up with an actually feasible upgrade on train system. In Europe... I'd watch that
the cat was like: fuck this man I ain’t going to stay in your promotion unpaid XD
I'm honestly surprised that Italy has more punctual trains than Germany.
It souds like a great idea if know nothing about the real world train network. Something like that what have been needed to be build in the network from the beginning for some longdistance routes that thing could really make sense at least in theory
Higher speeds on regular tracks ?  Physics says NO.
is deep tech train at least selling drugs? good drugs I mean.
The importance is consistency, not max speed. The average commuter would gain much more from more trains that run on time than one super advanced super train that barely goes anywhere. But ¨train that comes every 10 min and takes you to work¨ is much less exciting and less marketable than ¨super pod that goes 1000km/h and connects Paris to Berlin¨. Public transit shouldn´t be exciting, it should work and be free.
1 thing I really don’t get.    Planes can go pretty fast (faster than any train out there), it doesn’t cost even close as much in infrastructure as trains plus it’s already a proven concept (for the past 100 years).  So why the hell all the sudden trains became the new Hype !!  Personally I believe it’s all scams for these new ‘’innovative’’ companies to make a quick buck (nothing more or less) !!
The warping background At 1:40 looks exactly like what you see when you are on LSD
at 500km an hour the kinetic force the train would leave the tracks with would kill everyone on board when it hits the ground and everything around it.
Look at the rem in montreal. In a closed system, we still had a breakdown on day 1.
AOE!!
8:17 A German political party needing Porsche to exist just like how it used to be 💀
4:46  Jöjjön velünk Burmába, hazavisszük urnába'! A Malévval egy óra alatt oszlóban lehet!
where is the reset of europe in that graph ?
I swear to god, the only reason that these tech bros keep reinventing trains is because they viscerally hate the idea that they'd have the POTENTIAL to need to share a vehicle with someone who's poor. It's why they keep advocating for pods even though they logistically make zero sense.
This is just the same thing as the cargo train pods. Trains are good because of their sheer size and scalability. This is dumb
These dudes NEVER think about systems. They pretend to know about technology, but have no concept of design for realworld systems. :(
Goddammit, tech bros, stop trying to make pods happen. They're not going to happen!
These techbros are essentially the Morgenthau Boys of the Hyperloop, bent on and sent to keep implementing an abhorrent plan in spirit if not in name, which had already been shot down *multiple times* and was told *multiple times* was a dumb idea, all so that the ONE man who drafted it can continue to pursue his vendetta with the rail industry for causing Tesla stocks to tank.
Czechia mentioned... oh wait
Is StarCraft music in public domain now?
Yay this is even better than that app that enables landlords to collaborate to price fix more easily!
The German ICE is not only on point 64% of the time: If the train is cancelled, it doesn't count as delayed! And thats happening a lot.
Why do people keep reinventing trains? They have roughly been the same for a century because they actually work. The best thing you can do to make a train better is to increase efficiency by making them convenient, comfortable, affordable, reliable, higher capacity, and easy to repair and maintain. Since unlike cars, trains are not a consumer product that can be used and thrown away because that would criple the entire world if the railroad companies' entire train fleet had to be replaced every few years
The supply chain is essentially a “warehouse” (=bad) as far as finance and lean process is concerned. It ties up capital in unusable stock until it arrives, and it sets the minimum response time to demand changes. These hyperloop cargo concepts are stupid, but these are the reasons they want them.
our rail system in america may be subpar but at least it is not a pod system.
Tech bro here. I think your points about regular trains efficiency, passenger capacity, cost, speed, coverage, convenience, price, ease of transfer all make sense but real hyperloop just has never been tried!
We can use the energy from regenerative breaking to mine bitcoin when the trains go down hill, and we can distribute those profits to passengers to insentivise use while using AI to... Uh... I dunno draw pictures of cats or some shit  I'm being sarcastic if no one can tell
My unkle works on a tie gang, maintance on this would be impossable.
Pods! There’s a better thing to use than pods. Train cars. Oh wait. Those already exist. The tech bros won’t like it.
Da da da da dap, dap daa daa
I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!  It's so good to see people don't have their noses filled with crack, and their heads up their cracks
Wait… the frieght section features the Starsector Atlas freighter and StarCraft Terran theme?  Also, the freight pod system was rendered obsolete by a wall calendar and post. You know, that stuff that travels by… train and boat.
I did not expect to see an Atlas Superfreighter here-
I'm so confused - it is not a pod. It has too many seats. The idea behind pods is that you have offline stations and the pod doesn't stop anywhere you aren't trying to go, also the pod seats only 4 people because the idea of a pod is to eliminate both (1) waiting for your train to arrive, since you just step into an empty pod already parked and waiting at an offline station, and (2) waiting at a station that is not your destination, as the central computer drives your pod directly from your origin to destination. Why make a big pod and then run it on regular tracks that pass through the station? Why not just use a regular train in that case? The whole point of pods is to make it so a stopped pod is not holding up traffic.
This is a secret "slow down" advocacy video.  Some people just want to keep the tech bros away from improving every aspect of our lives.  Like, if we listened to you, I would never be able to take a Space X rocket from Cincinnati Ohio to Shanghai. There's a lot of pent-up rocket travel demand in Cincinnati, just so you know.
Automatic train systems are hack-able.  and what is north of budapest millions of passengers?
i love the Starcraft I Terran music randomly <3
You skipped over the fact that this company got approximately 23 million Polish złoty (around 5.3 million €) in EU funding. It's even on their site, if you click the EU flag on top it takes you to the financial statement for the grants they got from the EU.
I wish the US had long range rail that was like.... available? I'm disabled so I'm basically stuck in my town, I can't go anywhere anymore
Great at least they are trying to get to a train.
inventing a train from first principles is comical
They want sPeEd because they only saw trains without power outlets and Internet to keep them occupied on the way. You know, those things that are ever-present in every train ever for like 5 years already.
literally just a maglev. they want to build a maglev train with less capacity?
How about a train that only uses wheels for starting and stopping, it doesn't need rails and can go faster than 550 kms, and over water too with hundreds of people.😊
At this point I'm certain if we traced all these funding these garbage techTM start-up get, they'd prove to be oil and/or car industry backed scams designed to make any kind of actual transportation upgrades seem as stupid as their fake ideas are
I wish I could do rail travel in the US, but everything is either faster, easier, or more pleasant to just reach by plane or car, unfortunately this is all by design. Anything aside from a multi-day trek across the country is essentially non-existent. Also, local train networks are laughable since they are basically just slapped down in the middle of areas that have zero accommodations for trains, like high-density housing or, god forbid, shopping and social gathering locations you would actually want to go to.
Why didn't they use japan as an example? They have a maglev train and honestly if you were to look to any country for trains it should be japan
Welcome to today's episode of *headdesk*.
Can we talk about the brief moments of dark age theme music from age of empires?
Adam, there is never a "smooth transition" to ads. They are obnoxious, no matter what you try when they break the immersion. The way you introduce your ads is beyond obnoxious, like we are getting violated out of our immersion. Please respect your audience more than that
I was not expecting StarCraft I and The Sims 2 music 🤣
We need to focus our technology on having to move less or less fast.  Self-driving cars are great if they allow you to work while en-route, for instance.
These geniuses would innovate on ice cream by jamming some jalapenos into the cone.
It takes zero seconds to look at this thing and imagine it flying off the tracks with this design.
6:57 am I the only one to mistake those pods for salmon?
10:08 do you perhaps enjoy starsector?
Europe does not have long distance rail.  As you have seen Adam trains don't cross all of Europe.  To say Europe has long distance trains is a joke. China and Japan  and at high speeds. Each rail is specific basically to that country in Europe...so yeah you can make fun of the US, but that train at least goes from one end of the US to the other....that does not exist for Europe....just saying anyone can throw stones...
I love how you hate on our rail network. Not saying that to be sarcastic. Folk here do want to see change , but all Amtrak wants to do is connect major population centers for the CEO's and other business folk, rather than make sure that those of us in small towns with existing rail infrastructure can go without a car to get a job in the next town over...thank lord for Brightline...though if Brightline came to the Midwest...I'll *Begrudgingly* stay in my region...
Starcraft music broke me.  You sir, are a god damn treasure.
You're a good bit off counting the passenger capacity. If a train transports 400 passengers between points A and B then back to A in 4 hours, at 100km/h, you don't need 20 20-passenger pods to have the same capacity, just 5, as each pod will complete a round-trip in 1 hour, meaning transport 80 passengers in 4 hours, not 20. Plus train capacity is nowadays rarely fully utilized and even disregarding travel length, long time between departures creates serious inconvenience. And for cargo, you're completely missing mail. Something that shouldn't have broken broke and the production line is stopped. You need a replacement part ASAP. You order it from a manufacturer in Turkey, they get it on an airplane in the afternoon, it delivers your order to nearest cargo terminal in 6 hours, but your town doesn't have an airport, so the goods will go by truck or by mail train in the morning, to arrive tomorrow and be delivered at workday's end, with $1mln in lost profits. Or you pay extra, they get sent by the pod, and you'll have them in the morning, and you'll fix the line by 9AM.
Elég volt Ádám nálam van az alma
Ahh yes, the old Czech train crash game. We love that. National passtime.
Tech bros should just stick to inventing ways to enshitify tech platforms. Theyre very good at that.
550kmh in a turn designed for 160khm,,,, guess they arent planning to serve coffee on their trains unless they are planning to serve the coffey on the walls of their trains.
8:14 I wanna use this moment to say: Fuck the Deutsche Bahn
While I know little to nothing about how trains work beyond that they go "choo choo" and I get places, I've lived long enough to never discount stupid ideas. Yes, even the Hyperloop. While most ultimately fail, if it weren't for stupid ideas we'd still be crushing rocks for tools and there's always something to take away and learn even from the most stupendous failure.
I like how most of these ideas aren't backed by trying to solve a problem, most of these companies create a problem where there isn't one and then create even more problems by trying to solve the created problem 💀
But compared to Europe, we do have better food and a sleeper service. Also what you call long distance in Europe is regional or comuter in the US
For my American brethren, it’s 341.754 MPH.
Heeey! It's barely a week since that train collision and you're already making fun of us! Not nice! You bad guy! Bad! /s
In. Fucking. Credible. It's astonishing how much tech bros and 'entrepreneurs' are defined by living in total ignorance of reality and assuming that the world is as simple as they are.
Techbros make regular high school stoners look more sophisticated. Their Ideas are usually more feasable and due to revolving around food, beeing experimental in the right ways.
I saw an Atlas Mk.I I saw a StarSector Reference I saw a good video
the deceleration in that animated example would be incredibly uncomfortable if not dangerous. for some reason that's what bothers me most
did anyone else thats not a member get this as a "member only" video you couldn't actually watch? it was in my recommended all morning i was getting really annoyed
He talks about czech repubic crashing traind and then puts video from správa železnic (czech)
Why does it have to look like a suppository?
Tech bros will always be “a solution looking for a problem”
6:14 is the perfect example of what happens when your train control system isn't functional
You are missing the point. The goal is not to make a successful and viable product but to grab the tax-funded EU grants and make the researchers and proposal writers rich. Then they can continue sucking the taxes via their startup/spinoff company that has no profits (obviously) but gets subsidies, grants etc.
Like... why not take contract work and build out the train nerwork instead of puting more tracks on the already crowded lines? A lot of countries specially usa could use more tracks, sure no techy stuff but I think there is good money in that.
Please, i just want that normal trains work....
We have driverless trains in the UK
I think techbros just were born in a pod and that shaped the entire mindset they have. Heck they probably dance and bow to a tidepod once a year as a sacrifice or something like it.
+1 for using Eddy Wally 🤣
Ah, yes, the 'how dare anyone attempt any sort of innovation' mindset. YES, as designed it has significant issues. But if you never attempt to innovate, you never get the chance to work out issues.
I love, "That's not a rail service, that's an exhibition."
Tech bros never understand the thing they are trying to disrupt. If they did, they wouldn't be tech bros but actual engineers building trains, cars or whatever. It's all about making a quick buck by making established things worse.
The random Starcraft song was a hilarious choice.
Perfect…..     your posts have taught me some great critical thinking exercises
This channel is so funny to me. He endlessly rags on how stupid modern society is but then advertises drop shipping garbage 😂
Greek here, I ain't getting on a train here even if you pay me.
7:06 I take it the Bundesverkehrsminister was agreeable?  - He didn't really have a choice
I think the fatal assumption here is thinking that tech bros aren't okay with throwing out ideas that fly off the rails.
Tbh i dont really hate this as a concept. I only hate the execution.   High speed rail is prohibitively expensive in many countries and many just dont have the nessecary expertise to build such things. But if they made a train with one cone head and a connector on the ither end and carriages with connectors on both ends, maglev could be a viable, more affordable alternative to building hundreds or thousands of miles of high speed rail lines and the trains themselves, provided they dont go full bore 550kmph and keep it to like 350.
tech bros eally want everyone else to be as lonely as they are
"....would have to hire hundreds of drivers".  The very last thing tech bros want to hear is that they have to pay money for meat.
They could use trains and just add a new class so they have Standard Class, First Class, and Pod Class, which is isolated from the other two.
I'm gonna 3d print a you-boat using carbon fiber reinforced filament and go to titanic 😁
pods never cease to disappoint
They are like Jeremy Clarkson: SPEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEED
I don’t think Adam Something understands that “pods” sounds much cooler than “trains”…  What a buffoon!
Porsche Party 😂
That wall calendar caught me off guard^^
why are they always so against long things?
Sigh, isn't the existing speed sufficient?
About time supply chains started to reincorporate coastal water traffic uk and suitable nations.. even a 10 percent shift from road would save a lot of congestion and water is much less costly in fuel..
The lizard-brain belief that faster = better is surely lodged somewhere in the mentality of commuting = pain. It doesn't have to be though, if you have a decent train with food, drinks, nice seats and some peace and quiet it can be almost leisurely in its own right.   Tech bros consistently try to pick fights with "The System" only to watch their millions/billions of invested dollars/euros go up in smoke because smarter people than them long ago figured out the trick to mastering transport is good reliable service that a sizable enough demographic can afford not vapourware pipe dreams with eye-watering price tags.
I guess these ;libertarian tech bros are descended from peas. That would explain their pod obsession.
it's not a train, its a physical blockchain supercharged by natural-ai with a subscription model
although Maglev trains are really fast and possible technically ,their initial , running and maintenance cost is very  high thereby  making their fare very high in comparison to other normal trains
You know what's "fun" about that german train punctuality percentage? That 64% punctuality is just trains that *arrive* in the first place. Cancelled trains aren't even in that statistic, afaik 🙃
This idea is a little like suggesting hypercars should replace buses 😂
also, I am a site manager, and I routinely get furniture and tool supply magazines in the mail from companies fishing for customers. In the recent book, there were OFFICE PODS. IT'S THE PODS!
I usually fully agree with everything you put in your videos, but one of the points you made came off as incorrect to me: "You still need a driver on board to supervise the train"  No you don't. The Vancouver metro area SkyTrain system has trains that come every nine minutes and is fully automated and self driving with no drivers on board. It has been this way since 1985, and these trains run on fucking floppy disks.  It already exists, and it's one of the best public transit systems in North America. I think you are right on the aspect of your point that with all the inconsistencies in European standards it might be *difficult* to replicate, but you cannot tell me that in 2024, with the benefit of 40 years of computing advancements, that it isn't possible to create such automated systems elsewhere.
TechBros: Hey, let's invest in an idea and infrastructure fever dream project that will only benefit several dozen people who don't really need it just for their convenience at the cost of the general public and government tax dollars. Also TechBros: Investing billions of dollars for a public works project that would benefit millions of people, be affordable and cost effective to the general public? Why would anyone do that?
One day we'll have an intricate system of catapults that sends cargo through the air on perfectly calculated trajectories. The sky will constantly be full of em, true efficiency. 😆
Î use those usually when I haven't had a bm for a couple of days.
I want that wall calendar!
Much of what you explain in the video is common sense or at least it should be. Wow stupid is spreading like wildfire.
"Punctuality of German services are shit"  May I introduce to you: Britain. We can make any country look good.
0:45 "550 kph on existing tracks" is fuckong insane
It's funny how none of these self-driving carpod/railpod/flying pod taxi ideas can deal with the question: "if your claimed self-driving system was real and actually worked, why haven't you licensed it to every existing transportation company already?"  The answer likely being that if all they claimed to be making was software, they wouldn't be able to have slick renders of a future-pod to scam investors.  "Show us your new vehicle" can be answered with renders and mockups. "Show us your software" needs to be answered with a demo of it working, not a render of some cars.
I'm convinced Adam is a lobbyist for Big Rail to stifle innovation
The pods! Not the poods!
Pikeys would have it ripped up and weighed in for scrap in less than a day!
As a citizen of the Czech Republic I can say that riding a train is a very risky thing
REAL. That being said I'd love to see it making a turn at 550kph
Adam-so-mething
I have been subscribed to this channel  for two months now, and if there's one thing I learned from Adam, it's that every issue in modern infrastructure can be solved by simply building trains
70 euros for a wallet, what a scam!
Their idea is basically the Chūō Shinkansen except they are gonna run single cars and share infrastructure with existing rail traffic. The Chūō Shinkansen has a minimum curve radius of 8,000m.
I mean if this tech really goes 500 km/h we could use it on our current high speed rail.
Cool song! What’s the name? Damn, Adam just destroyed this company 😂
Great content as usual. Thank you for sharing AdamSomething!
I think I can actually feel Adam's anger in this video. The tech bros are touching his precious trains, never touch Adam's trains
Anything that relies on miles of copper laid on the ground in rural areas is DOA. I don't know about Europe, but the methheads here in the US would have hundreds of miles of the rails striped and sold to the metal man in less than a months time. 🤣 They are known to try to get copper out of electrical substations and components with 1000s of volts going through them (with often times shocking results... bu dum tiss). Something like this is going to be taking candy from a baby to them.
The reason US doesn't do high-speed rail is simply because there's too much rail, too far of a distance, and as such, not profitable enough to run it's own rail, so it's all mixed service and we have to convince these freight companies, in the current state of capitalism, to fix up their rail to go faster than their own trains are even rated for. Everybody just flies anyway if they want to get somewhere fast, which makes me sad as a rail enthusiast but it is what it is. Europe is way more population-dense even on a large scale, so rail makes way more sense and works way better.  Also, gotta love the delusion about tech bros, it's why despite being in the tech field, I make sure to tell people there's a big difference between the silicon valley techbros and their constantly-failing bubble bullshit, and actual tech support companies that exist to support established tech in production environments.
The part about "no driverless trains" is kinda false. SNCF (in France, where I live) is running experiments about driverless trains. They still have drivers inside for the time being to take over if the train was to f*** up, but the experiment seems successful. And I'm not talking about lab experiments, but rather actual passenger trains, that are actually used by passengers. I was in one in the Paris -> Creil line
It may just be me, but I think these "tech bros" are far more cynical than Adam. At no point did they plan on producing anything. It is a scam from the outset.
Adam you shuld do a video about Lagos or Jakarta.2 giant cities that used public transit to fix conjestion.And not "jUsT ONe MorE LaNE bRo".
6:37 the only driverless trains I know of that are actually in service are some freight trains in Western Australia and that’s only really viable because they’re running through the middle of the fucking desert where there’s nothing to hit if something goes awry
10:10 StarCraft - Terran Theme 3 (maybe 1 or 2).
Shallow lizard brains 🤣
Theres a good reason trains look the way they do in our world. Its because their design is tried, tested and found to be efficient. Its not nearly as developed over in the US as it is here in Europe (as in, the amount of tracks isnt nearly as much) but a train is still a train.  Theres no need for sci-fi levels of innovation from tech bros, because that doesnt work. Existing trains, do work. and they work /good/.  ..but they dont look fancy enough I suppose.  Same reason we got tracks on our tanks instead of legs or hovertech.  Neither of the latter is functional for our circumstances, whereas tracks are.
so close...
Can't wait to see how they reinvent variable gauges, here in Spain we have 250 km/h trains that change gauge on the go. Admittedly we don't have a good conventional network, but high-speed and techwise we doing fine
The freight part is especially laughable.  The USA has a railroad network carefully optimized for freight use to the exclusion of the few passenger trains it has. Trains travel on it at FORTY km/h, on rails laid on wood ties, often more than a century old.
I love how regular track is better than almost anything in my county here in the US. the local rail line is mostly level 1 track (35 mph max) with some level 0 (5 mph max no passenger service permitted) as well. They don't run service on that line anymore if you haven't figured that out yet.
Very negative commentary on an obviously viable project.
have you considered upgrading current train infrastructure with bitcoin?
When he mentioned Germany  Yesterday I waited 40 minutes for a train because DB had a holdup AGAIN. I am so tired  but then I remember the US and they probably like "what do you mean you get a train more than twice a day"
As far as the various hyperloop startups go, I'd say this one is not that bad. If maglev actually got built a few times (despite being super expensive), then this thing has a chance to win some public tenders as well. Compare it to other hyperloop startups where you immediately know there is zero chance it will ever get built.
Nice B-Roll footage from the Elbtal :) , that should me the S1 between Pirna and Bad Schandau, one of my commute lines in the past
deep-tech means they bent backwards very far and are very deep inside their own... yeah, you know where this goes :D
Can someone please explain to me what a train is???
The funniest part in this is, as others pointed out, Japan is already building a 500 km/h maglev. The TGV's experimental top speed in 574.8 km/h. Those speeds have already been achieved by current technology, so their only "innovation" is their claim of doing it on existing infrastructure, aka the most laughably unrealistic part of their project
I can actually think of 1 place where the magrail is viable. The Calgary Edmonton route. Near flat terrain, an old rail line that is mostly straight, and there is an existing rail route that doesn't have any railside infrastructure so it already has the grade. Furthermore CP only runs 2 trains a day on the route and the tracks are empty 90% of the time. And even if we got extremely fast rail most people would still drive for 4 hours between the cities anyways. In conclusion there are likely a few places it could work better than other solutions, but said places are few and far between and it is absolutely not a great idea for a massive public transport network.
It wouldn't be so bad if it wasn't for the fact the silliness of the idea wasn't so obvious.  In truth, it is nothing but a group of people finding a way to give themselves a fat income until the pointlessness of what they are doing becomes obvious to the money suppliers.
although I really like trains and you are completely sold on the efficiency, they simply will never be as convenient as a car. Not unless you have rail built right to my house.
ah my glorious german heritage porsche. i think?  either way porsche probably uses concentration camp labor so it counts.
I thought Musk pushed "his" Hyperloop design because he knew the government was going to start dishing out money, and if there's one thing Musk is absolutely known for it's getting others to give him money so he can push his ideas.  That said, I've played Transport Tycoon Deluxe,  upgrading rails to maglev is super easy you just click and drag.
The easiest way to revolutionize rail travel would actually be to invent a middle-of-the-train locomotive (and no, I'm not talking about locomotives that can chain into each other, I'm talking about locomotives existing in the middle of the chain of cars), allowing you to have more cars per train without worrying about tensile stress on the pre-existing linkages. Oh, wait, those already exist! They're called "swapping out the cow-catcher or bow for another linkage point". and as far as I know, there's a reason that nobody uses them other than "it would make manufacturing and maintenance more expensive", I'm just not sure what it is due to being only a layman on this matter. Adam, you got two cents on this matter?
Another Techbro grift. Thanks for the well made video, even non-train people will see through the idiocy of this plan!  Also, as a Kiwi I look at your "regular" trains going 160kph and I cry a little inside. Our network is limited to 100kph max, most trains average 60kph max across the network. Passenger rail is non-existant on the South Island for reasons only known to short-sighted governments and vehicle lobbyists, and the only freight rail link between the resource/tourism rich South Island and the industry/population rich North Island is a single unreliable 25 year old rail ferry that can only take 32 railcars at a maximum speed of 30kph (it averages about 10-15kph if it hasn't broken down), the replacement for which the current government has just cancelled partway through construction because it "cost too much" to upgrade the docks...
The accidents would make the Titan submersible failure look like a gentle massage.
The tech bro angle might be new, but "Durr make it go faster!" attitude isn't.  In my home province of British Columbia we had this BS going on in the 90s.  If you hop over to Gmaps and look at Vancouver Island you'll see that we, for obvious reasons, have a ferry service.  We had an outgoing government who thought that they could distract the voters from a decade of mismanagement with a flashy prestige project, and thus the "Fast ferries" were born as a concept.  Long story short, speeding the actual ferry up isn't useful or viable, and when the project fell behind schedule they started cutting corners in hopes of getting the first one operational before the election.  What corners you ask?  Well, for one they started construction before design was finished, it went about as well as you're thinking.  Had it happened 30 years later it would definitely have been Adam fuel.
Nice starsector reference, also the deutsche bahn only registers trains that start their trip as late eligabile, if the are cancelled they are not counted in the late percentage which feels like cheating
Been trying to identify exactly how old I was when I stopped "ooh-ing and aah-ing" over every sleek tech design I saw, and started laughing at the engineering impossibilities they obviously suffered from. Can't recall when, but I'm laughing real hard now. Thanks for the informative and educational video.
A rolling didlo 😂😂😂
Oh god  We really have come full circle didn't we?
9:00 That's Pirna! Love the Elbe river valley shots.
High speed driverless pods, as in..... metro?
You know the maglev is over 400km/h
I love how there's like, 12 people in their render. It makes it look like their pod stands a chance of keeping up
They want to automate the trains? Bros, there are villages in germany without internet.... Most cities have Edge connection.
hyperloop concepts are only viable in the vacuum of space, so maybe we will see something like that on the moon, if we ever need to transport large amounts of stuff on the surface there, but i guess that with all the dust there this will still be a dumb idea
I've got the perfect way to solve infrastructure: Pod Engineers.  They're just regular civil engineers, but they're wearing over-engineered buckets on their heads so bucket-brained investors think their advances in revamped municipal infrastructure are sleek new technological investments rather than the common sense that's been touted for centuries.
👁⭕👁
Dread it, run from it, pods still arrives.
The most hilrious thing to me is:  Modern TGV and ICE Models are capable of going way past what they are driving at. The TGV record is 572 km/h. It is logistics, as well as most simple logical issues, which makes it unviable to have trains going faster than now.  Even on the better highspeed tracks, it simply doesn't make sense to go way faster as right now, as either you would have to completely redistribute traffic for some few trains to exclusively ride their super-highspeed with longer, uninterrupted distances between stations, or -even on the longest current highspeed tracks - the trains would have to accelerate and decelerate so quickly to actually reach those speeds, you would have to install a luggage system, seat belt and check-up system akin to planes. Which means ofc, way longer waitingtimes at the stations. As elluded to in the video.  They are "innovating" something that already even exists in a better way and still though isn't in use.  Small incremental gains are made in average and top speed. Those could happen faster, but the issue for that aren't the trains, those are long technically capable of going way faster than they are.
I'm of the belief that these projects get started with the intention to fail and provide these people with proof of how these ideas don't work and how this is proof of it. Example: America doesn't need high speed rail, because look what happened, it doesn't work. Either that or these idiots somehow keep getting access to so much money and so many other idiots with money.
Libertarians always having their ideas fall flat. Quite amusing
6:16 and the way to avoid this is to NOT LET DB TOUCH ANYTHING XD
I've recently heard the phrase, "Given enough time, in biology everything eventually turns into a crab and everything eventually turns into a train."  LOL
The point of these “Transport Innovation Startups” is to 1. Collect money from investors. 2. Pay the founders a hyper-inflated salary. 3. Do enough work on the project to be able to realistically claim they always intended to do it and that the business was just a failure and totally not a fraud. 4. Laugh all the way to the bank a few years later with the investor money they collected.
As a german I can say, yes, punctuality and frequency are the main reasons I don't like taking trains. In order to truly compete with cars, you should not have to check any schedule/app/whatever, if you get to a station there should be a train that goes in your wanted direction within 5 minutes. And of course it would have to be cheaper.  Call me a tech bro but there should not be any on-site employee involved in driving/attending trains. The driver is a glorified emergency brake button pusher, a minimally educated passenger can sit at the front and do that. The attendants are glorified ticket machines, also replaceable, ideally replaced by nothing (free public transport, please!). Trains could also drive far closer behind each other if they used 1000$/train of 21st century tech, also making physical train signals and their maintenance costs obsolete. How? Each meter of train tracks (from the entire train network) can be reserved by a train (using a central server). Your train can only (automatically) drive up to the speed that allows it to still stop within its reserved track positions. GPS+Mobile data should be enough to make it happen. What if communication is interrupted? Can't reserve new positions, so train stops safely. Likely the communication is restored before the train comes to a stop because it is still moving, leaving the spot where the connection is bad. What if GPS is interrupted? The computer can determine the position using other cheap sensors (speedometer+accelerometer), accuracy might be degraded but it would only result in more needed reservations for a given speed to account for deviations, so just a bit more separation between trains.
It's like innovation... but backwards...
They have to be willfully ignorant to not consider the most basic obstacles to their "idea". Do they really think all that's necessary to have a train go 550km/h is designing a train to go that fast? Using Caltrain electrification in the Bay Area as an example, we're getting EMUs on a single line system that's fairly straight, which would make it seem simple to go really fast. The trains are designed for 200km/h, but regulations mean that the rail line is currently only classified for 127km/h, because of limiting factors like level crossings. That will change for California HSR, but there's a lot of infrastructure work needed to make that a reality, not just fast train go zoom.
I feel like all of these tech bros are actually after something much more sinister. They are the ones supporting the world's modern military apparatus, after all. We see these silly guys designing a sketchy train-pod that will in no way be made into something real, and the next day the same guys are building AI to muder children
7:22 Slovenia lol I knew it was bad but the worst I didn't expect 😂
5:46 those are just passenger ones, too...
Oh Adam... I was just talking about how ADs on youtube are so dumb nowadays because most youtubers make it boring and on the start of the video... and here you are, making me shut up about it with such a cool cat filled with cool wallets. Nice job.
“What if we took a soccer mom’s van, and like, put it on rails” - Deep Tech
10:09 ooooh Starsector plug!
A travelling exhibition 😂😂😂
Honestly, didn't really tell me anything I didn't already know, or wasn't just plainly obvious. But, dang, was it an entertaining rant. Thumbs Up & comment.
9:49 - 10:09 is essentially a summary of the UK’s HS2.
This is progress, we've gone from hyper loop to car tunnels to updating existing infastructure. Give tech bros another few years and they'll just want normal trains with curved edges.
You cant be more destroyed than with AOE II Music in the Background 🤣
First 90 seconds and my brain is screaming TRACK GEOMETRY. Good luck trying that on 1800s train track in the US/UK. Not to mention that in the US these things will have to wait for freight trains
Dont use TAZ Newspaper as an reference 😂 Its basicly the lowest level of communist propaganda in Germany
just claim that the trains are "powered by AI" and watch the VC cattle money pour in
Wow, a brief clip of Alan "Fluff" Freeman!
Good vid Adam! Exited for Age of Mythology Retold?
0:01 click if adblock does not work
Hey! Amtrak just doubled the trains per day in each direction on the line near me! Please ignore that that means that it went from 1 to 2.
I feel like all these tech companies are nothing more than money laundering operations for Russian Oligarchs.
10:49 They will drive over water. Problem solved.
"Nevomo cannot have driverless trains."  But they can have driverless PODS, right?
6:16 Hey! I'm from the Czech republic and in this case ETCS was active🤔 . I'm a huge fan of both of you and making fun of Czech stuff, but in this case shut up 😅😁😁
I'm a simple man, when I hear music from Starcraft, I upvote.
"Deep-Tech"... is that something like "deep-dish" ? Naming itself pizza, but actually a casserole
10:11 That Atlas came out of nowhere. Nice refference!
Hear me out... What if they gave the pods wings, jet engines and had them go in the air to avoid all that annoying stuff with being on rails? They could even give them special routes to avoid slowing down as much as possible! They could be called something like "BirdPods" or something like that...
> Maglev on normal track > Maglev encounters typical railway turn > maglev wipes village of the map
11:18 And that's the thing: techbros have no concept of planning ahead. Everything has to be *now,* and for things to happen *now* they need to be fast.
In Germany trains that are cancelled, are not delayed. Therefore they do not appear in the German statistics (if they are DB official) the DB is even less punctual... We had a great network but the DB got rid of 1/3 and preferred to profit with Trucks on roads (DB Schenker).
They're so amazing 🤩
Amazing video thanks.
They almost got it, except the part that says it needs to work...  they didn't get that bit
Deep Tech Deep House Deep Bass Deep Throat
Mr Something makes me LoL while teaching me stuff. ❤
I'll certainly give the tech bros one thing. They sure are optimistic about things never going wrong ever.
It's amazing how these techbros almost had a good idea with the concept of upgrading existing infrastructure, but then fell back because they still had to make P O D S that go at 550 km/h.
Hahaha a Kiszel Tündés naptár nagyot ütött :D
i love how tech bros cant comprehend technology
LA FRANCE BAISE OUAIS  VIVE LE TGV
Polish guy here.  Never heard of them. But we don't claim them. They should consider upgrading our rails so that we can at least operate the Pendolino trains on full speed.
I want to share with the class that i "live" in the US and i just got a parking citation after parking in my jobs parking lot which is the only place i can park and then i looked into it and apparently the citation was issued by a private company that maintains parking lots and apparently also issues citations. So basically its not a real ticket theyre just going to sue me if i dont pay it. I also called to dispute it and apparently they close at 4pm so i only ever get the "after hour" service. I get off work at 4 how convenient.
"...except for the Czech Republic, they seem to love crushing their trains"  *proceeds to use Czech Railway video to make a point"
Surely a pure coincidence so much of tech bros „inventions“ look phallic.
"But... automation!" Hey, tech bros, have you ever watched Vsauce's Mind Field? The one about the trolley problem?
Ahhh, but what if the pods had a Space-X package that enabled then to hyper leap over slower traffic in front of them. If we can land rockets we can do that! (and yes, my tongue just punctured my cheek,.. where is the nearest boring tunnel where I can hail a humanoid robot driven ambulance pod)
Yeah this would literally never happen, Currently in the UK it's difficult to even get TOC's/ROSCO's to agree to get electrification on rails, you'd be waiting 30+ years to ever get started on the building of retrofitted maglev system
If I ever find myself in a venture capital situation where gobs of investor money is thrown at me for "The Future of... XXXX™" then I'm hiring Tunderf00t and Adam Something as consultants before jumping the shark and looking stupid just for cash.
10:09 TERRAN BGM!!!!!!!!!!!!
The part where you explained ETCS, I have to correkt you. ETCS is specified to european standarts, but dew to every State in the EU having they`re own regulations for how too run trains and how lokomotives have to be build, ETCS is in praktise a very expensive flop, because the "German ETCS" is not compatible with for example the "Swiss ETCS", which busts the whole Idea of the system. The next thing with ETCS is that in lvl. 1 it lowers the capacity of the line slithly.
Giving my father a wallet would be like giving an Amishman an iPad
The reason that these loopy proposals always include small, limited-capacity pods is that they are designed to carry rich people in 1st-class, high-speed splendor without exposing them to the lower orders and their smelly, ill-mannered children.
Also all of this touting of European rail is clearly done by someone who hasn't been to Japan lol. As an American I remember when I first went to Europe I thought it was absolutely incredible, but Japan's system and consistency and safety record makes European rail look like a joke as much as European rail makes American rail look like a joke
All you needed to do to understand why train is better than pod is talk to an openttd or factorio player. Its well known that too short is worse than too long, because at least a too long train doesn't move as often, while 1-1 (1 engine 1 car) will need to move near constantly for everything thats not super low throuput, causing extra congestion and an increased likelihood of any type of deadlock.
The French already went over 550km/h with a (somewhat) conventional TGV. We could go that fast with already existing technology. It's just not worth it, otherwise we'd already done it
Polska dołem
10:45 This is basically the difference between latency and throughput. And the fact that the "tech bros" running these companies don't understand this shows they aren't the engineering geniuses they pretend to be.
7:47 Best description of travelling with DB ever 😂
Capitalism truly a dead end system while everything that can be inovated is to expensive for single company and government that can do it is to lazy and expects companies to do that won't do it because they are greedy bastards and new revolutionary tech might not turn a profit
no mention of the Fuxing train, which regularly goes 350km/h? 🤔
DB is under Control of Daimler, so yeah, that’s shit
I, as a german, love the shade Adam throws at Christian Lindner :D cudos, my man!
"Ni hao need 20 more containers fast, tjanks "
We could spend billions to massively improve the number of people we can move, the coverage area we can reach or improve the reliability of service. Or we could spend billions to reduce all of that to basically nothing. Hmm this is a hard choice.
6:15 I hate you milkman a-Dan
lenovo :V
You give them too much credit. They invented trains AGAIN
I've had sleep deprivation induced hallucinations that resulted in better ideas than those of smooth brain techbros.
Heyyy, one question: Why the hungarian trains? 2:00
What if we made a train that was fucking pointless?
6:14 yes we do like boom train because it makes the railway relevant! and we get compensation from the goveement! win win yippee!
First sails and now this? Do people not learn history anymore?
The US needs ferry trains, where we can bring our personal vehicles along in a storage car to our destination area. It would be easier to build a handful of stations in high traffic areas and we then use our car for moving around in that local area. Then either drive home or take another ferry train back to your area. This would be most useful for traveling longer distances of course, like interstate. It could help more Americans transition to using more trains for human travel, and be a stepping stone to building up more transit infrastructure. Imagine cruise trains or luxury trains Rocky Mountaineer-style with the option to bring your car to your destination, too.
welcome to episode 700 of man complaining about a thing that didn't have chances to rise to begin with
Obviously, it's Poland. I understand being angry and upset with the PKP's various escapades, there's a reason some people call it 'Pojedzież Kurwa Później/You'll go there Later[the best way i could translate it into English], i really do, i also don't like them that much, but even the PKP is better than things like this.
12:26 TGV did 574Km/h on tracks that aren't concreted :)
is it pods again?
While watching your video about this stupid pod train. It struck me that there has been a real world example like this that ultimately failed. The Concorde. You should really do an episode on it. Explaining how it was a failure even though it was the fastest method of transport ever put into service. Just a thought.
Redisigning trains works for these people because they don't really have to invent new infrastucture and they get to make CGI of pods. Therefore, this will simply never end.
I was surprised you haven’t seen the flying water pyramid, it’s like the sea pods that connect to an underwater jet that allows transport like some kinds
Bro the starcraft OST really hits me right in the nostalgia.
SCMaglev already exists in Japan on a limited segment of track and is operating at faster speeds
6:13 The timing of this video coming out couldn't have been better just for this one joke, and I'm not saying that only cuz I'm Czech
This doesn't address a fundamental problem with a lot of train connections. We don't need faster trains; we need more capacity and frequency. In the UK, many connections are only serviced a few times a day; you can't build a life around that. Or there are popular routes like London to Bristol that will cost you $150 one way, and you are not even guaranteed a seat; a trolly cart _may_ turn up to sell some "light refreshments", and there _may_ be a working toilet on board.
Oh no. Not Stonks :(
Next Video : A high tech AI-controlled fleet of self-driving cars with epic gamer lights that can hook up together to increase efficiency. So close to a train but still not there xD
It's honestly quite astonishing how close to suggesting something good these people came, only to end up suggesting something incredibly stupid. At least here in Germany "upgrading existing infrastructure used by high speed rail" would be a good idea.  An example that immediately comes to mind for me (and Adam might be familiar with) is the track between Leipzig and Dresden on which the ICE partially can only travel at 120km/h. 40% of the time you save compared to the RE is because the RE has an 8 minute stay in Riesa. The remaining 12 minutes are only partially due to higher travel speeds, because unlike the ICE the RE stops in more places than just Riesa. If we remain with this example and expand our scope beyond HSR, can we please make all trains for this RE line double deckers? I think the only time I was travelling on this line in a single deck train and it wasn't uncomfortably packed with people for parts of the journey was the 5am departure from Leipzig on a Sunday.
Oh my god, I've just started playing Deus Ex, and I hear the UNATCO HQ theme in the background, I love you
120km/h curves are what multi track drifting is for
"If the ticket costs 600 euros" So a regular cross country trip by train in the UK lol.
the AoE 2 soundtrack at 12:02 killed me ahahaha
6:10 as a Czech person, I appreciate the shout-out :D Really though, there was a joke going around that "Chuck Norris is the only person to not be worried traveling via Czech Rail."
Why is it that when someone says something stupid like "make a hyperloop" we need hordes of people to dissect the matter like it's serious instead of just banning that person from talking about such bullcrap and moving on? Oh right, money.
Brood war music 👀
Makes my day when I see another Adam Something video
Not to mention that high speed rail and regular rail are completely different because the cone shape wheels don't work at high speed due to allowing for too much swaying.
Adam wanted trains ... Now he got some ... And he s still unhappy ... What ll that teach you about live? /s  ... I m really happy with  Austrian railway infrastructure and ÖBB ❤
Did they actually use an orange Stadler WINK render in their comparison?
Love that Deus Ex OST!
These tech "inventions" are always "inventing" a square wheel.... With time it becomes infuriating...
Ultra high speed trains kind of bemuse me. Like, here's this awesome train that  can get you a thousand miles in inexpensive comfort pretty damn fast. Why does it have to be ultra fast? In a sane society you'd just take your time traveling instead of freaking out about losing precious time. I'd love to get to the beach. If I could get there at the speed of a car without driving or parking I'd be pretty happy.
I will listen to this man complain about anything
Damn. I honestly thought the FDP was actually under the direct control of the oil and coal industries. The more you know.
As a Czech, its almost suspicious how every year, without fail, there are like 3 train crashes in a row generating massive news coverage, and then nothing for the rest of the year. It’s so weird
"That's not a rail service; that's a travelling exhibition." 😄😄😄👍
And despite this, they manage to get a stand in every single railway event around Europe, including innotrans. Who is financing them? Why is the world so broken?
Techbros are the type of people who grew up with parents calling them super special nuggets and never telling them no…. Btw that’s bad, tell your child No today, the world will thank you later and they will too.
the funniest bit about replacing trains by pods is that the limiting factor with trains is mainly how many trains you can get on a single pair of rails.  The north-eastern entry to the Bern main station has 4 rails, and during peak hours has a train going through every minute, translating to a train every 4 minutes for each rail. that is pretty much maximum capacity.  now imagine what would happen if you replaced a significant part of these trains, which are mostly over a hundred metres long, with pods. you can't really get more than one of them per minute through for safety reasons.  Capacity would be demolished. like 20 tracks would be needed
The moment they said "Hyperloop" there the moment this dudes where a bunch of clowns
Germany: "I can't infringe on the profits of my auto companies."  France: "... We NEED this for military purposes."  Renault/Citroen/Peugeot: *Still rolling in sustainable amounts of cash* "All good, boss."
the speed of freight trains isn't what is important how much it costs to ship on it and the reliability to get where its going on time is speed is bad for both.
please move to my State of Colorado and run for Governor. We need you here. you will love the Place.
there is literally no reason for cargo to move fast on train IF the cargo has to move fast (it rarely really does) there is something called planes.
350km/h on regular railroads, polish railraods, same that KD, PKP Intercity and so on ran, is impossible, they're just not made for such speeds.
Germany: train always late Ukraine: train arrives just 1 hour late after being hit by missile  Iwe can have more reliable rail during literal war with 40 year old tech  while germany is just this
10:40 I'm an optimization software engineer, and one of the problems we ran into while writing software to optimize the transportation of steel plates is precisely that, for most clients, receiving a shipment one day earlier is impossible, due to their storage constraints. Working around that required quite a few adjustments to our algorithms.  The fact that tech bros are dumb enough to think they can just deliver stuff early in certain industries just goes to show how little research they've done.
This also feels like it shifts a lot of the operating costs onto the individual shippers. Instead of owning a few cheap rail cars that last many decades that you can just leave at your factory siding to fill at your convenience, now you either have to maintain individual vehicles or have the necessary equipment to load up shipping containers onto the flatbed pods owned by a third party. Where's the cost incentive here, and for who?
I wish all these dang techbros looked at Emirates Airways and instead just tried to make a very snazzy, pretty, luxurious and comfortable night train or something. A normal train from say Amsterdam to Malaga. 5x Slower than a plane, 5x faster than a cruise, a perfect middle of the road. Would it still be dumb? Yeah, pretty much, but at least you have a feasible product.
Tech Bros are the natural parasitic predator of the wild investor. My question is, are the majority of investors genuinely ignorant, or are the majority of investors conscious to everything being a scam and just think *they'll* be the ones to pump and dump out faster than the others
Mmmmmm!   Those Swiss trains!
As someone who works with signalling systems i really enjoyed your educated video about this "revolutionary" idea. Well informed video!  Funny fact, the fastest switch in germany can be found at the "Bbf Rohrbach". You can pass this switch with 200 km/h. Well unfortunately, you need to brake after. Also France needed to repair the whole highspeed line after they drove the TGV at around 515 km/h.
Let's just hope they don't invent planes 💀
You forgot to mention that they are issuing NFTs as well.
i love watching adam something vcideos because starcraft and aoe2 ost
*You're not shouting, "Rally" fast enough!*
Could you make a video of types of rail/automobile crossings? it's a topic that is not receiving much needed attention, I will like to know the safes ones because lots of people have the biological necessity to get crashed by trains and I think it is a weak point in any rail system, so; exist a railcross method that can be applied to almost negate all crossing crashes that is also financially doable?
If transit is ever being "revolutionised", it is just a worse train
10:11 Ayy, you're a fan of Starsector too ?, good taste.
Hello
Great video man.
I suspect that the real reason tech bros keep inventing trains is the self-driving thing: getting cars to do it is proving one hell of a lot harder than anticipated outside of closed tracks - so what is you already *had* the closed track to run on?   And then they look at it and go "urgh... it's just a train like from last century brah" - so they come up with some bullshit "new way" of doing it.   Don't get me wrong, there's a *lot* that could be done to improve train infrastructure (convert the world to high-speed iberian gauge would be a good start to my mind) but you've got to pick your battles and do it right... not whatever the hell this is.
Its not like Maglev already exists but due to cost hasnt been widely implemented... but i mean, it can go 600km/h. Iw ish Germany (a leading country in maglevdev) would bore a huge circle to connect Berlin, eipzig Nürnbergn, Munich, Stuttgart, Frankfurt and Cologne. would be damn fun to travel from Hamburg to munich in 3 hours or smth.
And again - it wouldn't be an Adam Something video if there was no unnecessary jab at Czechia. What have we ever done to you?  A couple of years ago there were two or three train crashes relatively close in time to each other (one of them was with a German train precisely thanks to the different control systems). That's about it. Pick on a different country please.
Hey adam , Please do a review of indian railways  I know its pathetic but please do a review/roast
you gotta love the sc:broodwar track when transporting minerals across the outback.
Well done, thank you. In the US studies have been completed, which means little, on "independent freight cars" that operate on their own or that automatically "gang" with other freight cars going to a common destination. The reason for this analysis is it would cut travel times from the port of Los Angeles to Chicago by 50%. Yes they are electric and they wouldn't be "faster" just independent. This will probably happen in the distant future as the federal government starts to incentivize the electrification of the freight rail system. The passenger rail system in the US doesn't exist cuz we likes our cars and companies that make gasoline, tires and roads have way more money to buy politicians than companies that operate passenger trains.  BTW, you don't like "pods"? Just wait, the EVTOLS will be crashing from the sky before you know it.  Who cares about pods on rails when you can freaking electric pods flying in the sky? You'll be finding pieces of them in your yard any day now.
They already had me at 1:11 (Where I type this) Our DB cannot even change the 19th century coupling technology to something automatic, I can't see them refitting whole tracks if they can't even cope with the existing tracks now.  And of course before that: How does that 50m long tube get around corners without A) breaking itself or the tracks and B) without putting passengers with their face on the windows?
"The company has secured a grant of PLN 16.5 million (~3.8 million €) from the National Center for Research and Development (NCBiR)"  so much tax payer money for that shit
POLSKA GUROM
He did it, y'all. He turned a train into a train!
Designed by and for people with no concept of physics or even basic math.
My question is would the nevomo trains actually be able to reach atleast 350/h on regular track if there was no other traffic or would it need new straighter tracks lie HSR. Because if it can, it will be a similar alternative to tilting trains which also aim to reach high speeds on curvy track. That being said, if we replaced the pods with actual trains but kept the same maglev technology wouldn't that theoretically increase the speed of all trains on the network.
I love your videos but you are obviously uneducated and extremely biased about American infrastructure.
the amount of brain damage that the word disruption has made to some people is one of the sins of silicon valley
the only time pods make sense are gondolas
Someone at techbro conference  is eating an apple and wondering why the apple does not have inbuilt wifi and touchscreen
I love being slovenian
Finally someone invented trains^^
The pattern of developed countries with poor trains having a strong auto lobby is interesting
I also like starsector.
Okay but, Adam, have you ever considered that magnets are cool?
Age of empires background music at 11:55
One day they'll evolve enough to invent buses. That'll be the most crazy innovation next to the new iPhone and Elon Musk's whatever circlejerking-brainjiggling.
1:57 cries in German, we still have high speed trains with level crossings because of a lack of funding to upgrade them
We need to get rid of the speculation economy
Rogan? Erectus.
Tech bro:  proposes new mode of transportation Me: Funny videos are coming!!!
The best part of this story is knowing that my country of origin has a tech/industry scene mature enough to start having those idiotic ideas. Nice, I guess.
Dude the starcraft terran music at 10:45 😂😂
There's a reason why the Japanese took over 50 years to develop a decent maglev train system and ended up with a U schape track where they will run something that still resembles a train. And they are now spending decades building that first line where trains would still not go faster than about 500kph.  That demo video of showing a bogie accelerating itself and levitating had me laughing. One curve and you're done with that thing. There's nothing keeping it centered on the track and those flanges really won't hold it centered when it hits the track.
Once again, these things would be good for isolated towns/communities, where they're too small to justify having a decently large train station or even a locomotive, and too far for cars to be efficent or cheap. So having a smaller, "less economical/efficent" would help alleviate the "Last Mile" problem for them.  And once again, they're trying to push these as replacments for the Locomotive. It's like saying Aircraft will replace Ships at Freight Shipping, it's just never going to work.
first
In Helsinki during summertime, there's an old tram that's sponsored by a beer company and drives around with an actual bar in it.  This, I feel, is far suprior to in terms of innovations in rail-transit to anything the techbros can ever come up with, and likely always will be.
1:54 Máv trains are anything but regular
Libertarians have no idea what makes trains economical, but they want to tell everyone how the economy should be organized.
Im polish, and knowing that our engineers could design something really descent from time to time, I'm basically disgusted (not to mention that we've got to refurbish our tracks and rebuild ~20k km of railway lines we threw away in the last 30 years).
One day, they will invent the train!
Speed is not the problem, halting on stations is. That's why high speed trains are "faster" they have fewer stations.
0:11 Eddy Wally, the voice of Europe..!
Why can't we just have unsexy regular rail operating at 160 KM/h aka 100MPH? 100 MPH is pretty darn fast. That'll be over 50% faster than most US freeways and it doesn't require anything beyond standard rail technology. Slap on some wifi and maybe a coffee or restaurant service onto the train and you've got optimized transport. People can work or relax during their commute. Then housing becomes far less of an issue since they can live further away from city centers but still travel quickly. Perfect for the US where existing rail Networks can be used with unsexy regular speed rail at 100MPH. That speed is also perfectly optimized for energy efficiency and reduced wear and tear so lower maintenance while still getting a good speed.
I have to say, the design sensibilities of the train are immaculate. It looks like shrimp
Sad to say this but the frequency, coverage, convenience, price and punctuality are the reasons people choose driving cars over train and public transit.
Next... an F1 car in every garage!
DB trains not being punctual. Okay they still beat us by almost 10% Jesus fucking Christ I knew it was bad but not this bad
And I thought they finally did it, they finally crossed the border from "trains but worse" to "trains but worse but better". Turns out: nope. This is just another train but worse.
> Open a waterpark in the middle of Sahara  Sounds like an average day in Saudi Arabia
I appreciate the Starsector reference.
Where is that freight spaceship at 10:10 with the StarCraft music from?
Good video. As always
Jared padalecki told a story about having a wee panic and pulling the emergency stop for a train and stopping all the trains in europe. oops lol
It HASED to be a POD! Always... Because "car" - train car, automobile car, horse drawn CARriage... is so Victorian and old.
The german system is shit because it got privatised and since then it has to make money. So the rail system got not enough and you cannot have high speed rails in bad condition. No matter how much money the state put into DB, it will not be able to get back on time. And that has nothing to do with the car industry.
Train soyjacks are the best variety of soys
7:18 : having dealt with trains in Luxembourg A LOT, I want to add the extremely important caveat that Luxembourg does not run any long-distance train. There are only two long-distance lines going through the country : the Paris-Luxembourg line (operated by SNCF, not by the luxembourgish CFL operator) and the Düsseldorf-Luxembourg line (operated by DB with some CFL-owned rolling stock. Do note that this line is not high-speed), then debatably the Brussels-Luxembourg and Liege-Luxembourg lines which aren't very long (and are both run by the belgian SNCB). This is important to note because the regional trains operated by the local CFL are nowhere near that punctual. But they're not going to count on the chart since they are shorter distances.
Techbros coming so close to discover real trains, I think it's going well
This guy's transition to his sponsor is about as smooth as me when I talk to women
Not to mention hobos stealing all that free copper.
Oh boy, two unexpected things i learned today; >Adam (probably) played starsector >Adam is also nostalgic for old Starcraft
This is without mentioning the fact that how ugly it looks, the maglevs look soo much better in comparison
In today's episode of "reinventing trains but worse":
it was wise to use alan's footage as he is the undisputed god of trains
A Chad Star Sector enjoyer... I see you Adam.
Polish railroads are not rated for 200km/h in most areas, using those vehicles would be a simple waste of resources
Star Sector visually mentioned!!!!!!
i feel like at this point Adam is losing braincells by the second every time he discovers projects like these
I don't know about you, but even IF these things actually work, I wouldn't want to go at the speed of a fucking plane on the ground in a train.
Oh Adam, Thank you for helping me not lose faith in humanity entirely!
Why the fuck does the ERTMS still need local supervision? Couldn't LIDAR and other sensors take care of what ever a traindriver has to do with acceleration and breaking?  Also I want a dedicated High Speed Rail network connecting every European Capital and City with more than 1 Million People. And no Stop should be a dead-end station.
The biggest joke here is that they propose modifying entire rail lines while being from Poland where famously 10 years after purchase of Pendolino trains there still isn't a single fragment of track allowing them to go at their design speed
i lik trains
The most difficult part of railways is not the railways, but the cost of labour of operating and maintaining them. Station staff, trackside engineers, mechanics, train drivers, conductors/guards, on-board service, office staff, and many more. Trains don't need revolutionizing, we already see in the examples that we can have long distance fast trains, and frequent and reliable commuter rails. All that's needed is investment and reliable service.
A 500kmph train is going to meet with a lot more wind resistance tha. A 250kmph train.  If you're going to move 20 people at 500kmph, you might as well hire a jet and a pilot.  You can then get to the upper atmosphere where air resistance is much lower.  Your fuel consumption will be better than at ground level.  You don't need to build as much infrastructure, you just need municiple airports that can land a 24 seat aircraft.
12:52 All of these problems could be solved by playing Free Bird on full blast from externally mounted speakers.
6:14 Too soon :/
Wonderful, and 2 days after TU Delft  students announced that they had made a breakthrough in switching for hyperloop!
A fellow terran enjoyer and man of class I see.
The question is, do we need “trains” that are this fast?
Oh Mr European, you have no idea how good you have it rail-wise. Try riding an Amtrak; it feels like going off-road.
POOOOOOOOOOODS!
🤣🤣🤣😩😩😩😢😢😢
7:40 The Problem are NIMBY's, who want high speed services, but not in front of their Door for example: - Berlin-Hamburg - Brenner Nordzulauf - Augsburg-Ulm - Frankfurt-Mannheim
Surprised they didn't add NFT tickets
Hey this is a serious idea, stop laughing - some tech bro
Funny thing is, regular, commercial TGV's have reached speeds of 500+ kmph since the 90s. The reason they don't go that fast outside of tests and setting speed records, is that the electricity consumption becomes so ridiculous that there's just no point to it. Even with maglev, these energy costs don't increase linearly
Freight pod thing is the most I don't understand... ok passenger I can see someone want to go fast (not many of them) but why freight???  550km/hr? If you want it really fast, just use plane or timetable and schedule. It is faster. If you want more cargo, just go good old diesal locomotive haul 2km of cargo trains like what US did is much better anyway.
Like normal trains, just smaller, more expensive, and ignoring every technical complication. When do these guys get a Nobel Prize?
I've seen too different train travel based games curse the need to go through Germany because it's relatively slow and unreliable.
German train traffic summarized perfectly
"yeah but, have you seen this cool 3d render?"
Let me just quote the classic: CO TO KURWA JEST?
We have pods , they have wings  and jet engines. They travel faster and don’t need dedicated bars of metal to travel on.  These wonderful pods don’t need to cut cities in half and heavily rely on tax payers funding to even exist. These pods come in many sizes from single seater to hundreds of seats. There is even cargo versions.
Oh wow. A video about the 19th century's premiere form of transportation. I hope Techbros don't spoil stagecoaches and Zeppelins too.
They are almost there.  Maybe some day they will finally come full circle and funnel those billions into trains and train infrastructure if we give it enough of a flashy, futuristic title
Either this is another Musk-style disinformation campaign to divert political support away from real HSR in the US or these guys are actually so arrogant they genuinely don't realise this idea is dumb as dirt.
I hear that background Age of Empires music, and I love it!
I don't know what it is but I always want to play AoE2 after watching your videos...
nooo just do like Ireland and build lots of motorways with EU money. Invest in RAIL? Scoff! Scoff! We need those abandoned tracks for greenways!
Never would have connected "Miracle of God" with DB, ngl.  Also IIRC, Germany counts a train as late for 5 minutes while it's longer in most other countries. I still wish they could be more punctual but at least they are trying to fix it. Now.
I think you should have mentioned that it isn't technology that's limiting the speed of trains, like the TGV can reach 500 km/h on test tracks, it's just that there's no good reason to go that fast and the costs involved in building the infrastructure would be ruinous. The point of high speed rail intercity travel and on intercity routes 250 km/h is usually enough to be the most competitive solution, the TGV specifically runs at 300 km/h because it was estimated that this was the speed needed to beat intercity air travel.
Speed is kinda useless in Europe, even in France, new TGVs could be 10% faster, but it's just not that good to pay extra upkeep just for a few minutes gained
wait wouldn't something like plane be more akin to the goals they want, or i think, idk how fast they usually are
Hysterical and irrefutable.  As always.  Keep them coming!
Anyone else realise they’ve just developed a worse more ineffective version of private jets?
i imagine the conversation: guy 1: dude i just realised guy 2 : yeh what? guy 1: trains are like.... buses on rails... guy 2 : daaamn that's crazy bruh guy 1 : i know right? guy 2 : but... wait bro... i got an idea bro guy 1 : huh? guy 2 : buses are slow, right? guy 1 : yea?.. guy 2 : what if there was like a hypercar on rails.. like a hypertrain guy 1 : brooooooo ur a fckin genius
God dammit, I liked Porsche.
Ah yes, techbro trying to solve nonexistent problem by piling more problem unto it.
Kann es sein das du Age of Empires 2 Musik oder eher hintergrundgedudel verwendest?:D
What happends if there is a bear,moose or a tree on the rail?
I’m never taking a train again purely out of spite
i'm not realy knowledgeable About trains, but i do remembber soming about the japanese highspeed trains requiring completly new and straight tracks wich litterally had to be punched throu mountains. because at that speed even small bumps or curves will lead to catastropfic failure.
Okay but hear me out! How about a pod.... that goes above the rail! With wings! It can go really fast and not worry about all those issues! We could call it HyperFlyyp!
If it doesnt interupt traditional transport capabilities this could be a half decent expidited service with 1 person monitoring 5 or so of these to ensure clear path decisions such as moving to sidings to allow the path to clear.   Though the us market prioritizes freight transport over commute transport.
the repeated/cut off sound effects always kill me
Sorry Father’s Day already happened
I've had once the pleasure to talk with one engineering team head in Nevomo... their big selling point is that they can retrofit tracks on which conventional trains can run. I asked him how they were going to keep the regular railway systems (such as eurobalises, SHP magnets – Polish safety system, signal posts, etc.), while also putting some more stuff on top of the track (the levitation magnets). He reluctantly admitted that the "old stuff would have to be removed" and that it was "impossible" to have both conventional and maglev trains running AT THE SAME TIME. This is something that they COMPLETELY omit in their materials. Yes, they can retrofit the tracks and they imply old trains can still run there, but they never clearly say "oh and btw your line now can only run maglev trains, byyyeee"  This such a load of bullshit... all designed to trick the decision makers. UGH.
Why have linear motor at all then ?
Check out Ironlev
The Tokyo Toei Oedo line runs with that linear motor rail, mostly so it could have smaller cars for smaller tunnels but also for its smoothness of operation.....runs about as smoothly as a kick in the head if you ask me. Also i think it only just broke even like 5 years ago or something in terms of construction cost....but that's probably mostly because of having to dig so deep.....and so greedily.
soon they will blame "harsh EU regulations" for their idea not being treated seriously
I really think if you just had some sarcasm mixed into your presentation you would really have something!!!!.... LOL
Railways? You mean train highways 🦅🇺🇸
9:12  Glad to know that I wasn't the only one thinking that AHHAHAHAHAHHH🤣🤣
"2-3 long-distance trains per-hour" Indian Railway - laughs
7:24 les go. Slovenia mentioned
God, I love trains.  Like, you know, I fucking love them as a concept and a reality. They're just really fucking cool.
The Czech rail companies are presumably secretly owned by Škoda (and other car manufacturers), who are actively sabotaging the rail system and keep crashing the rail cars, in an effort to keep selling even more cars cars (because apparently 7 million for a country of 10 million isn't enough)...
Also to add. Not just would the pod be going the approximate speed of the train it's trailing at the moment. A single one on its own would be taking up an entire traffic block for those 20+/- people. And if you scaled this idea up on a single section of railway, you would basically have a permanent rail traffic jam in which every train is slowly crawling through yellow signal aspects into the only free block on the entire route.
How many times has this happened now?
12:18 “It would also blow out the windows of trains passing on the other track”  We Americans had to figure that out the hard way when testing the Budd Metroliner in the 1960s; when the vehicle was run at high speeds it blew out the windows of MP54 EMUs running commuter trains.
I mean Australia has driverless trains but those haul ore and go through the outback
It's tragic that the only good idea they had seems to be almost an afterthought, independently controllable and movable rail cars could be genuinely useful for cargo systems since you could use them to add or drop off partial trains or even single containers at smaller stations without needing to run a dedicated service, just have your main intercity train slow down a bit and then detach any carriages destined for the small station and they can independently go into the relevant unloading bay/siding, any outgoing carriages can accelerate and catch up to attach just after the station and thus you've significantly reduced turnover time which increases overall throughput.
Did.. did they just take a monorail train model and put it on a regular track?
How about putting it on top of Neom?
6:08 This picture doesn't have enough delays for the DB my friend.  Also don't give me hope that the ERMTS will improve the railway services in Germany :')
It’s literally just a scam to naive rinse investors for 5 years. I’ve worked on track network maintenance - replacing a sign will cost you £10k. And the geometry of the existing network?… Immediately and transparently idiotic idea.
I would say the second train at 2:10 is a Dutch SLT? It is one of the Sprinter services regardless.
Oh but waiiiit... just paint "AI" on the side of those pods! There, solved! All problems are repelled by the AI pheromones. You're welcome! 🤡😜
Starsector freighter lol
The real reason none of these tech bro products stand up to any sort of scrutiny is because they’re not meant to be viable in the first place. They only need to be just convincing enough to make some 3D models and maybe a video or two to show investors so they can soak up those sweet, sweet venture capital bucks. The “pod” design makes it look like you’ve made something new, and is also easier to make a 3D mockup of than something with lots of details.
(LONG POST, Contains devil's advocating for the tech but also ranting hard on them for a point missed in the video) Okay while I love the debunking of tech bro shennigans of late, all of them shown the mistakes of things that are basic. From the terrayacht, to the floating pod sinking and the cruise ship of DOOOOM.  But this one only has 3 good points against it.. the rest is just blantantly making fun of the concept that has yet to make a prototype. With the Terrayacht the concept was already bad and laughable... But this... okay I am gonna play devils advocate.  It's a POD of 20 people max. Okay...? Do we really think that's their intention? With every other techbro stupidity we see the specs and intent.. here.. we see a pod with 20 people. It's a prototype. It's clear to me the pod is suppose to be a traincart and multiplues of them can connect and use this system. I honestly doubt this company really expects us to take these kinda devices.... that's beyond stupid if you even glance at a train.  Okay it goes too fast for actual rails..... A very good point, but this one is easily debunked.. 550 being max speed is what it is is.. A MAX SPEED. My car can go 200 KM/H but the roads and laws won't let me. Does this mean my car is stupidily designed?? Or better yet... if my bike can go 60 KM/H with an electric motor, but by law this is illegal and can cause major accidents like hitting pedastrians and other cyclists.. does that mean it's a bad idea? No. IN this case 550 KM/h is clearly NOT the intended "standard" speed. You even said the bullet train's top speed is only met under special conditions but avoids it for many reasons. So this pod going 550 KM/h is clearly NOT the intended way to do things. Clearly they are aiming for a train that can easily keep up 300 KM/H to 400 KM/H so high speed trains can go. Let alone.. we don't know how fast it's suppose to accelrate and brake yet... so this can be an effeciency thing.. but that's how far I can stretch this part out.. Next part.  Concreting all rails and putting magnets on them... Yea good point, expensive, but again if the intent isn't to replace every train.. but certain high speed ways or maybe... I don't know? The EuroStar and the Euro tunnel for example? Then this isn't hard to do, expensive yes... but much easier and makes the trip faster? Infact there was theorisation of a "trans antalantic tunnel in theory and how it would work." And magnetic trains with no wind resistance in a vacuum was considered the "theory to go" but the theory ended with "Ooh if we do this... almost anything can become a catastrophe." So an inbetween like this.. is not the worst idea. It would be a special line yes... but regardless of that.. it's good.  Why even make this to begin with? Why do we slap jetengines on cars? Why do we build so much tech that never sees the light of day and makes us go: "But this has potential" Because... prototyping and doing things to learn mistakes helps move to the future. The maglev wich is a working magnetic floating training exists, but why do we not see them everywhere? Cause even decades of the tech being ready, it's too much work and expensive. So they keep developing it to make it cheaper, better and affordable. This system is trying to develop an inbetween... a way for the old rails to get updated for fast trains. And when the basis of the magnets are there.. well now just remove the rails, readjust the magnets and now you got a maglev line. Smart.  But now let's go to something Adam missed in my opinion of this magnetic wonder of a train and something I can trash about. HOW THE HECK DO THE MAGNETS WORK?! I don't think you noticed the most blatant problem of the magnets... that they are.. MAGNETS! They clearly intend to put the magnets on the rails.. and that's where the problem lies. YOU ARE PUTTING MAGNETS NEAR METAL! Hellooooo... magnets attract metals last time I checked. So how strong does a magnet have to be to levitate for the mag lev? Well I can say this.. those rails they wanna build over.. they are gonna move, bend and any nails that keeps them to the ground will slowly fly out. Cause the maglev uses SPECIAL MATERIALS to avoid it's construction being pulled into the magnets. And those old hundreds of years metal rails? They aren't made of that stuff.  I'd like to point out.. HOW DUMB THE MAGNETS ARE! It's not the speeds that are dangerous and never thought off, it's not the dumb pods, it's not that the railway system in Germany is shit. It's the fact you are putting STRONG ELECTRO MAGNETS MENT TO MOVE AROUND TONS OF METAL, RIGHT NEXT TO METAL CONSTRUCTS! And let's say over these magnets still normal trains have to travel cause.. the rail way is shit.. what happens if this electro magnet turns on those trains with METAL UNDER CARRIAGES! They might rip the bottom out of those things, damaging the non magnetic trains. They can even derail them with ease... Sounds like me an easy way to sabotage your competition too! "Oops my magnets destroyed a train and put a large delay on us all, I vote we remove the outdated trains for more of mine."  So yea Adam, if you think these morons would let a 550 KM 20 person pod fly through cities damaging things while billions are added to add a magnetic system and concreting the rails. Then you would think these idiots would also majorly mess up on the magnets.. that would probably damage other trains and even the old rails themselves!
Yk... Now that i think about it why is America focusing so much on roads when we have ✨ trains ✨ Subways/metros i mean when im ridding the subway it just feels... Better 💃
Oh my god that Neverhood track at 4 minutes really awoke some memories
I have a theory that techbros are pathologically afraid of using older technology because they all hate anything that can be seen as "Vintage" Nothing silicon valley has come up with has proven me otherwise.
I took the acela once to save time. It rained and took the same amount of time
What is that recorder song called? It's so funny!
OMG I CAN'T BELIEVE WE'RE NOT LAST ON THE TRAIN PUNCTUALITY DIAGRAM LET'S GOOOOOOO 🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹ITALY MENTIONED RAAAAAAAAAAAH 🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕🍕WHAT THE FUCK IS A STABLE GOVERNMENT 🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣 (we are third to last)
Starsector freighter made my day
what is it with tech bros and pods? is it all because of the iPod?  edit: also why *shouldn't* a car company have it's own political party?
Techbros invent trains every week though
well, there's your problem 😉
You should use the "train edit" (at the start) every time a Tech-Bro tries to reinvent the train
At least we finally have tech bros. Polan stronk!
FDP is as libertarian as Polish "Confederacy" party lol
I'm pretty sure Adam's developed an eye twitch from the constant mentioning of "Pods" by all the Tech Bro's.
Here in Russia, too, many people dream of high-speed trains. Who needs them and why, where the average distance between megacities is several hundred and even more than a thousand kilometers is not clear... Stupid consumers of marketing nonsense.
At least it is more technologically sane than running an air-cushion vehicle through a vacuum evacuated tube...   Not much, mind you, but at least the propulsion physics actually works.   One of these millennia these guys might even come up with something crazy like linking vehicles together like links in a chain.
As a polish resident, we don't claim this idea.
Abslutely brilliant.  I had a shit day and you got me laughing out loud.  Thanks Adman for being such a star ❤
I always wanted Poland to get mentioned on this channel for its really good public transport and solid railways but got this instead... dammit.
Insert Mass Effect joke about how dangerous Sir Issac Newton was.
These people keep trying to build the Concorde, When In reality all we really need is the Boeing 747..
Another thing with automated trains is that to get the absolute most benefit out of automation, youre not just automating one type of train, youre going to have to be automating pretty much everything else too
It’s always the pods. WHAT IS IT WITH PODS?!?!
Babe, wake up. Adam is talking about trains again.
Love how British train punctuality isn't even mentioned because it's so abysmally shit.
I'd love to see Adam have a face to face debate with any of the clueless people whose "innovative" ideas he's rinsed on this channel
Literally Death Stranding
2:01 I just learned of a new contender. A Siemens Desiro HC, that runs at 180 and thus provides RE connection between Erfurt and ... Nuernberg, i guess, which was a ICE only track, before.   For all non Germans. RE stands for Regional Express and for this type are cheaper (commuter and family) passes available. Also these trains have a high capacity for bikes(70 or so) and the toilets are out of order, most of the time, due to mostly transporting peasantry...  Oh and the Desiro HC is airtight, due to sharing a tunnel with a ICE on 200+km/h.
"Hay guys, I got a big brain idea! We retrofit existing train lines to let them run something just like trains, but not as good! It'll cost billions while providing a shit service that can't compete with existing trains, and we'll probably have to beg various governments for a bailout! To the moon!"
Imagine anything on the track in front of a 550kph train. Yikes
I do agree that trains need to be fast, they can go faster just not the way they want it to.
I think it helps to understand these people are exclusively grifters and are not planning on ever building anything. They may be criminals, but not THAT stupid :)
ah yes the #1 problem with trains: rolling resistance. just add magnets to go 550kmh bro. what do you mean rails have curves??
Europe has 200k or  94,000 miles of railway in use. Compared to 360.5k or 224,000 miles in the US.  France has about 19,000 miles of total service line 1740 miles or 2800k is Highspeed.   If you'te going to try and shit on the US, try harder.  Also, what kind of bicycle do you ride? I have to Giant bicycles myself.
OMG!! Imagine a las vegas loop, but instead of the cars, it has special carriages on TRACKS!! BUT, hear this, we have this not in a tunnel, but above ground so we dont have to make  unnecessary tunnels under the roads!! It's like a Hyperloop WITHOUT vacuum tubes!!  Wow we are going to make SO MUCH MONEY with this Bros, its gonna be litt 🔥🔥
It is a money grabbing scheme never intended to be implemented. Its just to get grants
wait, wait, what about a system where we attach many pods together... we could call it a multi-pod
Literally Death Stranding.
doodoorail
That starcraft theme 🤤
0:45  Not to be rude but - 100 to 330 kmph is conventional rail? Most of trains in my country goes 80 if the conditions are ok. Czechia btw.
So it seems germany would be on last place in terms of train punctuality and german are to stupid to build trains could you agree me more
I mean, if you want to travel at those speeds in small groups and elevated from the ground, just get a friggin commercial jet. That way you're at least not ruining the mobility that us normal humans rely on to manage our everyday life.
Polacy coś się stało
if we cant even have driverless trains yet then its even more crazy to think that most cars will be self driving in the near future
Starsector image detected. Good video.
German train service KINDA bad???? It's missarble on every trip there is at least one delay on a good day.
The moment it said retrofitting old railways I just had to stop and take in the sheer stupidity. Surely the train won't fly off into the distance to explode horribly the moment any speed is achieved!
Magrail? More like Lagrail.
This guy is just brilliant XD Never stop being you!
But bro, .. Bro!
I'm just here for the Deus Ex music.
As someone who has had exactly the same conversation with a couple of guys who had far too much money than sense, I only wish I was as eloquent at explaining this as you were! They were of course “working” on a hyperloop-esque project and wanted to know how to scale it up for Europe. I ended our lengthy discussion by saying that if they really pursue this, they had better get excellent insurance coverage and have a reputable law firm on retainer. I didn’t like them much, but it seems they respected my opinion enough not to go much further. I think they brokered PPE during lockdowns instead. 😔
love the AoE2 music, so much nostalgia
I subscribed to your channel because you do exemplary work. I tend to shake my head at people who confuse a pipe dream with an actual engineering system, but your videos have me getting dizzy from all the shaking.
That pod is practically a fancy version of the bzmot that you showed. Oh, how I hate these pieces of crap. We call them šukafon over here. Horrible vehicles!
Capitalism requires new frontiers and we have run out of frontiers. This is why we keep seeing quixotic transportation ideas
The point is that the pods are not for people they are only for the rich few.
It is sad that trains are just so shitty. Their biggest advantage, transporting a shit ton of people from a to b Is also their biggest disadvantage, as you have to travel together with a shit ton of people.....
That's kinda good though. At this rate they'll eventually end up doing trains i guess..?
As a Pole, I am ashamed of those people
To be fair, American rail is mostly cargo.  As big as the US is, it's cheaper and faster than any other way of moving stuff to and from ports.  It's a vital part of our economic infrastructure.  California is doing a good job of ensuring high speed rail will never happen in the US with their "mismanagement" (tens of billions of dollars have disappeared into pockets) of their forever hypothetical high speed rail program.
Terrible ad segue.
7:11 Nah, American rail is the real miracle of God! These trains are long past the end of their service lives and are falling apart and it's amazing that they don't break apart mid-journey
Tech Bros: Oh, you wouldn't like it. It's more of a Shelbyville thing.
I think at this speed, the TechBros will skip inventing train and become close to invent "Aeroplane!" lol
That calendar with Kiszel Tünde... Only Hungarians will understand. But they will 😅
I always wonder how these stupid grifters think they can come up with something revolutionary that for some reason nobody else has thought of before. You'd think they realize that people before them came up with the idea of a Maglev train because making something this fast on normal tracks is completely impossible.  Speaking of Maglevs, I know they're stupidly expensive, to the point that it is 100% cost prohibitive to actually build them... but if somebody said "fuck the costs, we're building a Maglev network across Europe!" I'd be on board.
Yeah also slovakia invented autoblock systém waaay bether than some fancy pants etcs that is not even compatible whit it self I mean it's different levels
When I saw a news article about the company I was already waiting for your video :)
I love how techbrolets always ignore basic physics. Surely you can go 102342042304243 km/h. Air friction? What's that?
I had heard about this, but I thought they'd use the normal rail without the added part in the middle. Also didn't know about the pods.
For some reason the title reminded me of some 1700's grandpa that just figured out trains got invented on a newspaper or something and now they're complaining about it because they're trying to replace horses.
11:21 What calendar is that and where can I get one?
These pods seem to be designed to derail when it hits anything slightly heavy. Especially since almost everything would be forced towards the underside of the pod
“American rail network mentioned!” *wimpers*  That pod almost looks like they are taking inspiration from those propeller driven aero trains.
If my train goes with 120 km/h, is cheap and it's punctual and noone will rob me while using it: I am a happy customer.
“But of course they do” 😂
But Adam, have you considered running the pods through an underground vacuum tunnel dug straight through dense population centers yet?
Starsector freight
cheeky starsector Atlas screenshot I see.  ADAM STARSECTOR PLAYTHROUGHT WHEN??
A deep dive on Porsche having a pet political party might be something to feed the algorithm
There is a page I follow called "Did Silicon Valley re-invent the bus again?" and every post I see is more stupid than the last. If AI is going to automate any jobs, let it automate the CEO's.
Tech Bro: Cringe Truck Bro: Based
3:49 of course they dont need train drivers, they're going to push AI for that.  Why have a guman that, while falible, can react organically to new situations when you can have an AI that freaks out whenever a new condition pops up.  Edit: and it's at least partially discussed in the next system.
When someone says German railway is godlike in comparison, you know you fed up.
American rail is predominantly for freight.  The reason why doesn't fly here is because think about just Texas it's bigger than all European countries. Except for Russia. The entire UK can fit in Texas three times.  So you need three times in rail with about 10% less the population and I'm talking about just Texas. Do you have 49 more States not like there's going to be a rail to Hawaii or Alaska so we'll just say 47. Compared to Europe the United States is enormous.
The real problem in germany is that as DB was privatised in 1994 a huge wave of building back rail was implemented to "streamline" and make it more profitable. The result is basically no train infrastructure in rural areas which still holds the majority of germans and that in the scenario described the ice or amy train for that matter cant just be directed to an alternative Route but is fucked. My sister often travels by train and about half the time it takes more than double the time i (admitedly a  driver that likes to see his speed start with a 2 wherever safe and allowed) wouldve took
How the hell do these people keep reinventig things that have been efficient for generations,& make them worse...EVERY.SINGLE.TIME!?
Uh boi, I can't wait for my package to be launched around the country at half a thousand kilometers an hour only to end up in the same DHL warehouse for a day where it has to be processed and assigned to a delivery person, effectively taking the same time to reach me as before.
loved the age of empires soundtrack in addition to the excellent rant :)
What about just get the Japanese Bullet train license?
This would be a great economic boom for romania
Is that Age of Empires music in the outro?
Techbros can't conceive of something being a political problem rather than a technological one. In the US in particular where passenger train services suck, they think there must be a deficiency in technological terms.
Luckily techbros just do the funding part and blow it all on themselves and never deliver anything.
I hate tech bros because they make blockchains, maglevs and whatnot into pure cringe.  If you're into those technologies it feels like you have to explain that you aren't "one of them"
It isnt much, but it is an improvement. I theorize they'll know what trains are by the year 2050
If you ever run out of content, hit me up and I'm gonna sketch up a new fake train idea, so that you can shittalk that again and entertain the community ;)
If you need a containers content really quick, at arguably the same or even lower price than in a a pod, you can always charter a cargo plane, let the contents be loaded in there and it will be flown to the nearest airport and picked up by a truck and delivered to your destination. Like from the opposite side of the planet in 1 - 2 days....
tech bro solution for transport: we take trains, take away everything that makes trains so good, make it look super futuristic and people will love it
i dont get why wallet companies target men at all i dont know a single man myself included who buys a new wallet until it is nolonger in 1 piece and then its just the cheapest thing we see  meanwhile my sister and most of her friends go through 8-12 wallets a year maybe target women instead with fashion wallets?
Ngl trains and rails itself are perfekt and doesnt need to innovate we just need to build more but most locals and the goverment them self are so incompettent and ignorant to build them because of nimby'sm and false statistic
Yet another case of "just rebuild all your infrastructure to suit our shitty product" cause apparently these people are unable to think in practical terms.
"That's not a rail service! That's a traveling exhibition!" I love you so much; you brighten all my darkest days.
Ah the pod crazies again...😂😂😂
Uh Oh, Germany needs someone to make the trains run on time, that's not good.
thanks for your short comments on germany. i love how in america, everyone still believes in that bullshit myth about the punctuality of german trains when we are literally becoming more and more like them
there is a british train that showed that yes you can overcome preexisting curves with tech , but itt's irrelevant here
Poor Americans, just catchings strays. But then, I guess they're used to it when it comes to trains :(
9:45 YES! Speed is probably the least important factor in a good rail system. I'm completely fine going only 200 km/h on an ICE if it's reliable, on time and affordable. The obsession with higher and higher speeds is completely retarded.
Definitely check out the simplicissimus video about the deutsche Bahn it's insane...
new idea: reinvent the wheel and make it into the infinity sign for infinite possiblittes! and to add some safety i will turn it into a pod with an AI controlled captain!   and if you want it to be speedy? make it go onto rails- (make sure they're ONLY used for 150 KPH trains!) and make it go 551 KPH (always better then competitors!)   want it to be more affordable? no problemo! just add _some_ new rail attachments to make it go from 150 million to 1..5 billion!
No no no we'll mount a jett engine at it's sides and turn it on when we need to turn
What a revolution. Next some metal things that go on water, without sinking (pending approval), they call them E-boats 🤣🤣🤣🤣
AoE anyone?
Who would have thought that trying to introduce a bullshit solution into a field know for its cultivation of "the tisim" would lead to a bunch of flaws in your idea being spotted
I don't get their fascination with pods!?  I know they wish to be their alone and hate the idea of hanging out "with them poors!" but good grief.
Tech bros do this because trains are “for the poors”   So instead of making trains a viable form of transport for people who own a car, they simply make trains for the rich only.
In Japan a maglev line is under construction, designed by adults. Just in case anybody would like to see how a functional version would be looking.
German train system seems to be so punctual because they don't include all the cancelled trains. If a train is too late, it sometimes doesn't finish the journey and just turns back - leaving the passengers stranded but without counting as delayed.
This is the opposite of a Eldritch abomination.     The former makes it so your mind can't comprehend what you are witnessing.       And in this case, you're seeing something SO STUPID, your mind has to shut down to prevent itself from exploding.
The real Solution replacing Inter City Travel is the Transrapid. The System was fully developed in the year 2000 and would have reached speeds over 500km/h, while beeing much more quiet than a normal Train. Of course you need a complete new rail system. But to when you have a net between the big cities, you are faster than planes and reduced the amount of cars dramaticly.
Given that the French TGV holds the current world record of speed at 574.8 km/h, that "new" train is nothing special. And that was achieved already in 2007... Switzerland gives up speed for frequency and punctuality and they are doing just fine.
Sticking Electric heaters in steam trains would be more efficient than all these ripoffs of Elons scams
POLSKA!!1!!🇵🇱💪🇵🇱💪
This whole tech bro sh!tshow gets even more funny once you realize that the 2007 tgv speed record was actually slightly faster than their proposed pod track thing and was a achieved using an almost completely stock tgv train and the pre existing french high speed rail infustructure (only slightly modified to be able to draw more voltage from the existing overhead lines).   Like this is parody turned real at this point.
Respect for atlas picture in freight!
Dudes're trying to reinvent the Luxtorpeda, a concept from 30s that even then was meh.
Finally Something good to watch
I have a hypothesis as to why these tech-bros are so fascinated with pods.   They are simply so anti-social that they cannot stand the thought of sharing an enclosed space with more than 10-20 people, because that is probably the entire amount of people they know at all, making then unable to see the larger picture of society / a nation's population as a whole.
It's always the fucking pods.
You think we can eventually trick these tech bros into doing ACTUAL rail? We can give it an IPod make-over if we must, but they’re so close to not being stupid dammit.
Its not true that the FDP is under the controll of Porsche.... everybody can buy political support from the FDP ...
12:47 you got the point I would have asked which was "what if it has to go around a curve not rated for 550km/h lmao"
POLSKA GUROM!!1!11
People who come up with stuff like this should play 100h of Transport Tycoon Deluxe first to show they can even build a working railnetwork in a GAME. Because if you fail there, you have less chance in a real network than light near a black hole.
Age of Empires music? Subscription earned.
7:20 german trains are considered punctual if the delay is less than 6 minutes. So if a train is 5 minutes and 59 seconds late it's still considered to be on time in the statistics. I get the impression late trains are consistently under-reported though
I think the word they’re trying to look for is SPEED TRAINS…
I love the embedded critique for DB and German politics, although I think it is at least partially misplaced. Yeah, German politics is an absolute shitshow and CL is for sure wanking to the sound of a Porsche engine, but an entirely seperated high speed rail network in Germany is just completely unrealistic. Germany is just very densely populated. With the outlined requirements building tracks to fulfill the HSR requirements given all the small towns splattered accross germany is a hard task even if locals weren't all NIMBYS. Considering they are, its basically impossible to go through that effort.   That being said, while a mixed network is certainly not ideal from an operational perspective, Germany's network is a joke even for a mixed one. With DB ripping out a lot of passing tracks and switches because they were to expensive, it now really really backfires. Considering this was all political, its hard to not see the automotive industry playing a key role here..
German here, yeah our rail is in a dire situation things just got worse every since the privatization it's dire
At least Germany hurts their trains for their own car industry... we brits hurt ours for... wait, who is in our car lobby...
Public transport is simply a bad option compared to personal one ,and if it's even a bicycle. Why?bc you never know with what kind of deranged idiots you will be travelling!
That whole project was so stupid that designing a teleportation portal from point A to point B for each station would be a more viable option.
Monkeys and typewriters, techbros and trains...
This lacks ambition. I'm waiting for Elon's Starship Rocket Sideways on Rails in a Tube concept.
The arrogance is staggering, they really think engineers are idiots...
Hear me out, guys! A big airship of sorts... it can go around 400-500mph and it can skip traffic by moving from one station to another directly through the air. It would be a pod with big aerodynamic lift modules designed to make it defy gravity. We can call it the AnemoPod.
"What if our trains ran on microservices? 🤓☝️"
7:40 Again, France >>> Germany
traims are the crabs of transportation
bro dropped the hardest train edit and thought we wouldn't notice
I like all the MÁV references! Especially the 80s advertisement video at 8:33, and the interpici!
Damn now i want to see a phonk montage of trains
I love how in every video like this he takes the proposed "hi-tech" idea, improves it and it becomes some already existing infrastructure lol
Anyone who ever travelled by public transit knows the terrible feeling when you wait at a crowded stop and instead of a long vehicle a short one arrives.
Always love your old video games sound bits, that give me instant flashbacks! Also, f*ck FDP-Porsche party. 64% punctuality _in Germany_ is extremely embarrassing. And more than inconvenient.
New idea. They have to reinvent the wheel because too many people would see using the existing railroads as going backwards in time.
smoothest transition ever
the ni hao email made me lol
So close to (re)inventing the train, and yet so far...
If I take the high speed train from Amsterdam to Paris, it will barely reach 160km/h in between stops. It stops at Schiphol airport 10 minutes outside Amsterdam, then 30 minutes to Rotterdam, 30 minutes to Antwerp, etc. The train barely has time to reach 160, let alone a higher top speed, in the Netherlands and Belgium. It can only go a little bit faster on the stretch from Brussels to Paris. Designing a train that goes even faster and then deploying that where trains are useful, in densely populated clusters of cities, is idiotic. The only reason it does work in Japan is that the main island is very long and narrow, meaning a single maglev passenger line from one end to the other end is useful. Europe, and the US, are not shaped like that. It wont work.  Just build more 160km/h lines so people can get from A to B faster than by driving and dont spend time stuck in traffic. Thats all thats needed to achieve success.
7:02 What is the name of this this song/music?
6:56 based autogenerated subtitles ahahah
Good video, but the segment on the high speed wrecking surroundings is completely made up. I’m not bothered to find the calculation, but I pretty certainly know that the  rate of pressure change caused by a passing 500kmph train is no where near enough to “blow out windows” or knock over trees or poles. Adam, go try out CRH China highspeed rail, because you clearly don’t have much firsthand experience of how a 300+ kmph rail system functions. Also, 300kmph CRH trains are not pressured. From my experience, going in or out of a tunnel at that speed causes a bit of rocking and ears popping. Also when another 300kmph train passes parallel (600kmph relative speed) the only thing that happens is the trains suck into each other slightly, but obviously the exterior, windows, and lateral support of the track and wheels are designed to deal with those pressure deltas
Humanity peaked at trains.
So you're saying we need more Flugtaxis?
As a Polish person I'm so ashamed it's a Polish project...
The Czechs catching a stray 6:14
Your videos hit different ever since I started learning to become a train driver.
Now you thought regular US train derailments are bad! Imagine one of these flying off into your neighbourhood!
love the Age of Empires and Deus Ex music <3
note that the euro balises are located between the rails, go figure, bros.
Our Canadian trains are even worse than the American one which makes me sad as my granddad was worked for the Grand Trunk Railway which became Canadian National.
I think you paid for the creation of Nevomo for content. you must think we our stupid!
I would love a video from you talking about why Duestche Bahn is hellspawn.
im polish never heard of any deep-tech company such as nevomo, if i saw this i would automatically know its a scam
wouldnt trains moving at that speed rip apart the rails themselfs
I'm curious the Caledonia from England to Scotland. For its fastest part of the journey would it be higher-speed or still regular speed
7:40 oh so germans are a bunch of hypocrites when talking about protecting climate and banning nuclear power. It wasn't about the climate, it was about maintaining your automobile industry... hum. Now it makes sense why german railway system is so shitty.
Bashing tech bros, while staying informative and having dark humor... Big thumbs up
Mentions ICE-L, shows Westbahn.
I just love how the CGI render shows the "train" decelerating at like 10G into the station… because physics!
You can tell the techbros never played Transport Tycoon Deluxe or Locomotion when they were younger, everything you said is explained in the tutorials of those games.😂
gonna comment before i finish the video; wouldn't it be better to just put more trains on the tracks, cutting down on the wait time instead of cutting down the transit time, and high speed trains make fewer stops which makes them very situational and less versatile so for those stretches where speed is paramount why not just copy the shinkansen
Tech bros are getting close to cracking the technologies of the Industrial Revolution
There is a great misunderstanding of the topic here. Modern technology has no major problems to build "trains" that travel faster than 500 km/h. The problem is not the cost, the construction of tracks for 300+ km/h commercial trains and for 500+ km/h maglev trains is very similar The problem is that you can't send one trains in to other trains' tracks. It's like building a motorway for special cars that can't drive on normal roads. A solution is being sought, is like as the motorways that are currently in operation, where on the same road you have a truck at 80 km/h and a sports car at 400 km/h (in Germany). And both can travel on local roads, even when the speed limit is 30.
It's not really true that you can't have driverless trains.  There are many completed automated metro systems in use in the real world today.  What they do require is purpose-built, completely grade-separated and isolated tracks.  And typically things like platform screen doors as well to ensure no passengers ever fall on the tracks.  So while the whole idea of retrofitting old rail lines for this is impractical, I do want to push back against saying that you can't have automated trains.  You not only can, many places already do.
That AoE2 soundtrack still slaps after all these years, everytime.
Nobody: *nothing* Tech-bro: *pokes into train* AdamS: *aaaaAAAAAAaaaaaa!!!*
Honestly, "a pod carrying a few dozen people going 550 km/h that doesn't have to deal with curves, towns, or traffic" is just a plane.
My favorite kind of content on YouTube these days is people dismantling the absolute idiocy of overfunded and underbrained tech bros.
here in the uk we're waiting for someone to innovate some public funding for rail so we can stop paying 10 times eu ticket prices. it costs me more to get a return from london to exeter (which is a 2 or 3 hour trip each way) than it does to get a 1 week national travel pass in germany if i remember right
Is that DEUS EX MUSIC?
Techbros : Noun - A adult nerd who conforms to geek stereotypes without being smart, as they over-engineer existing tech, without actual education in science or engineering, but has a trust-fund, thus entitles them into engineering the public in their designs, without even knowing that public, because Techbros come from gated communities isolated from grievances and experiences of average people, bends the public to their will, because they have trust-fund money, and makes life more difficult for those who cannot benefit from this over-engineering.
i am at least glad musk knew he was talking trash
Tech bros will one day propose an actual train with a completely straight face as if they just invented it.
7:06 "German high speed rail is kind of shit"  Norway has entered the chat. We wish we had something we could call remotely close to high speed rail. Or just functioning rail.
nevomo is like transrapid but without all the benefits
It could be feasible to do over an extended period. As one section of track needs to be repaired or replaced, put an improved version of track that is capable of handling both old, slow trains and modern trains. Also, if they added couplers and passageways between the cars, they could increase capacity and lower the cost of tickets. With a more strict schedule, they could make sure the slower cargo trains are on sidings when the faster trains are scheduled to be in the area.
This gives me “given enough time everything evolves to crab” vibes (like in a good way crab is peak apparently)
So obviously this company is all bullshit, but is maglev propulsion a bad idea to move towards, especially if it could be built on top of existing infrastructure? Not saying using it to go some magical bullshit number of 550 km/hr, but using it to move current trains instead of diesel.
Can't these guys think up something practical? Like an elevator where you can turn off floor buttons?
Tech Bros vs. Adam Something..... escalated ...... Adam Bros vs. Tech Something...  Join the fight, be like Adam, end stupid tech
Why was my boy atlas in the same shot has failing frieght ir did nothing wrong.
germany mentioned!! 🥳📉🥲
loving the age of empire music lately
Cargo Pods are also obsoleted by Air Freight. Need to get a container somewhere quickly? Just load it into this 25-year-old passenger plane that has been given a second life hauling e-commerce around.  However, one area where autonomous mainline rail operation might be feasible short term is in shunting yards. But that also requires automatic coupling to yield any real benefit.
Don't show this to Sisi, or MBS . .
There is no libertarian party in Germany. FDP is liberal in the classic sense.
Its like how everything becomes a crab, every gadgetbahn and pod thing becomes a worse train
TBH the single independent cargo cars sound like a good idea. As someone with experience in cargo yards, the ability to move train cars without pusher locomotive would greatly help. It would be faster, simpler and cheaper, instead of having to go thru the nightmare of logistics of alligning all the cars then having a pusher switching from one line to another until all the cargo cars are in the right place.
Forget about stealing copper wires. In the Czech Republic, we like not only train crashes, but also the theft of entire railway bridges. 😀 Thanks for the video.
10:10 wasn't expecting to see the Atlas there lol. Adam should really make a joke video discussing the AI Tech Bros of Tri-Tachyon and why their ideas are terrible.
AGAIN???
moving cargo in cargoyards without locomotives öööö I mean have they been to a railyard, the cargo does move on its own after being pushed over the litte hill (Ablaufberg) with switches knowing where which car has to go
Don't worry. With Europe moving right there's no way government funding will support this and tech bro won't be able to move this project forward without support.
7:27 It's also worth noting that trains that are completely canceled don't fall in the punctuality statistics in germany.
Middle ground between something we have and we don’t have. Why not make something we don’t have?
yup we from Chekia love crasching trains
I'm so proud of my country (Romania). We are to good for that chart.7:27
So to summarize: the logic isn't logicing, the math isn't mathing. The physics isn't physicing. Oh man this really hurts my head every time.
0:15 im from Poland, they at least made prototype! Students who won some competition in UK also in California  Hyperloop Pod Competition organized by SpaceX, Called themeself Hyper Poland. Now it's company of 32 people financed by public money  "The company obtained a subsidy of PLN 16.5 million (4mln EUR) from the National Center for Research and Development (NCBiR)[7] and completed two rounds of equity crowdfunding campaigns on Seedrs[8] with the amount of PLN 3.7 million (1mln EUR). In 2020, the Hütter Private Equity fund from Gdynia joined the company's investor group[9]"  "In mid-2022, Nevomo received funding of EUR 2.5 million from the European Innovation Council (EIC) acceleration program, which is to be extended with an equity component of up to EUR 15 million from the EIC fund[10] . In the same year, EIT InnoEnergy invested[11]"  By the end of 2018, the company had filed 8 patent applications. In October 2019, the company presented its first prototype of the track and the MagRail vehicle on a scale of 1:5. In 2020, the company launched test runs on a medium-scale track[2].   Preparations for the first 1:1 scale tests on the test track in Nowa Sarzyna, which is the longest full-size test track for passive magnetic levitation in Europe, began in the summer of 2021. In 2022, the company completed the construction of the railway infrastructure of the test track and the installation of MagRail system elements. Nevomo was the winner of the 2022 Research & Development Awards competition organized by AS Global Media from Great Britain in the Best Railway Deep-Tech Solution Company – Central Europe category[3]. "The first levitation tests are planned for 2023" - Small but REAL
There's a political shitstorm regarding high-speed rail and a new magical hub airport currently in Poland. They want to spend fucking 40 billion USD on it. I'm afraid they will build one of these to have something to show voters. Wouldn't even be the worst waste of public money on infrastructure Poland did this decade :)
Every time i watch one of your videos i think of one or two ways whatever you're talking about is silly. Here i thought of high speed trains derailing on tracks not meant for them. You didnt even get to that until near the end of the video lmao
Holy shit, the stupidity... The only thing that is expensive with high speed rail is building NEW TRACKS, which is required because of the speed. 🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦
This might be a nice thing that you could add on a new high speed line. But unless you can make the train significantly longer it just wont be profitable.
Ploy to 'sabotage California high speed rail'.  Why did he even bother?   SNCF pulled out out the US and said "political environment is too dysfunctional" and proceeded to build high speed rail in Morocco. Construction began in 2011, finished in 2017, for $2 billion per 300 km of track.  Nobody needed to sabotage Cali HSR. It's self-sabotaging.
I'm just hoping they will pivot to a normal train company
This is quite the birthday present, a new Adam Something video!
The story about maglev is actually pretty sad. I had to work through the engineers recommendations written for politicians around the test project they did in germany decades ago. Basically the project should've been a success, maglev trains have tons of advantages over ICEs: Less Cost, Power Use, Noise, wildlife disruption etc. Even interoperability between regular rail and maglev was in development. However all these advantages only exist on long tracks - and at ICE speeds. Let me repeat that: Maglev are better than ICEs if they are on long tracks and operate at about the same speeds.  However at the same time, european politicians, especially france and germany had a dick measuring contest to build the fastest land travel, which ruined the maglev project and lost to the TGV anyway, all to close the "speed gap" between trains and plains some "brilliant marketing genius" invented.
Tesla nut Tribute club here sub gang!
You'd think Elon muck admiting hyperloop was to prevent government infrastructure projects would amount to fraud...
10:10 Starcraft terran theme 🙂
They basically try to have the Tgv speed record everyday.
The goals are perfectly optimized for what tech bros want to achieve: free investor money on an idea they know isn't feasible.
I'm imaging an extremely high-speed training trying to use current American rail systems and the wonton destruction that would result
7:25 Germans need to overcome the trauma of running the trains on time.
The elites in the world believe that the population needs to be reduced to 1/8th it's current size.  550kmh trains should help.
I love the little hungarian easter eggs hidden in the video like the calendar :D
Guys what if we had a robotic aparatus to start FIRE with the help of AI
if there weren't enough reasons to be ashamed of being a Pole, now we have musk acolytes to add to the list :(
I alwasy love the part when he says "we can look all the pods together to make a, guess what, TRAAAIN" in every pod video, be best part
The unwarned us of Christian Lindner picures should be a crime.
👍
Always a pleasure, bro.👍
11:48 me when the roma people
I checked out their website and I think the fact that their “team” consists entirely of managers and advisors but there’s 0 engineers responsible for the actual design of this thing named anywhere explains  the braindeadness of this project. This is classic “let’s make a startup to suck out grant money from EU” type of thing.
@AdamSomething, you've nailed it again!  Travelling by train requires qualities that tech bros don't have:  Discipline, resilience, planning skills & common sense.  They're (wannabe) filthy rich guys who want luxury and amenities, always right away, so taking a train is pure hell for them:  Seeing other people, having to wait at a platform, having to share a compartment, having to change trains (walking stairs with luggage) - all the opposite of being pampered in a cradle... erm pod.   And they try to get their way by throwing money out for fancy presentation flicks, and repeatedly chanting their "AI, tech, sumthin, mumble-mumble, solution" mantras, even though they don't have a clue about the system they want to tear down and rebuild the way they'd want to.   Why do I write that?  I'm a railway dispatcher. It's sometimes a "balancing a tea tray while dancing on a burning tightrope"-job. And I'm a train nerd - the handbook reader type. And sometimes I  take pleasure in debunking a nagging tech bro's ludicrous "more automatisation, ETCS to the max, slap some AI on it, we need more computing power" claims.   TL;DR: tech bros are infantile wannabe billionaires who don't have a clue of the infrastructure they depend on.
I was bit expecting AOE2 music at the end there lol
For the slowing down in curves is allready a solution called tilting trains like the italian pendolino or the german ice-t or class 612 trains
Hey, you just don't understand Poland. It actually makes perfect sense. After giving Ukrainians our MiG-29 jets instead of replacing them with F-16 (which are good enough for our needs) we bought a ton of FA-50 combat-trainers (basically a bad substitute of a strike aircraft). Instead of having a modern education system reflecting modern needs we have a bureaucratic Prussian education system with some cosmetic changes. It's only natural for us to now develop this HyperGoof vaporware as a bad substitute for our high speed rail program (which I don't think exists yet but that's irrelevant).
9:03 "why should any train with up to a 1k passengers wait around and collect delay so that 20 people can zoom past?" But what if those 20 people were ultra rich? These pods are always going to be horrendously expensive so only ultra rich will afford them. Classic pod stuff, still trying to do mass transportation but without having to deal with "the poors"
I appreciate the humorous take on this, as well as the insight into an area of engineering I had never thought about, I knew trains were pretty frigging complicated to run, but I never thought about the actual designs of them, since a big rolling box with an engine didn't seem that complicated.
Maybe they wanted to make Renai transport real?
No lie, when you went to your sponsor mentioning wallets, I thought you were about to say how the pod train company integrated with crypto.
Fuck me, if our trains here in Denmark are the fifth best in europe then we all have some serious work to do....
I want to vote for you adam to run logistics and city building
I've been living in Geneva for two years and I've ever taken a train that left more than 1 minute late late, except one time when it left two minutes late because my friends were holding the door so I could make it.
star craft music!
Age of Empire II, The Sims 2, Starcraft, your choices of soundtrack are immaculate.
techbros when the realise that trains aren't actually just big cars
I saw that Star sector reference.
10:10 - Well that theme brings back memories.
it's also very ugly
Free copper! It's just laying around. Gimme gimme. I could really use it.
Do they know they look like dahir insaat?
Rounding it off with AoE2 - this man is preaching the rail gospel
I think that the point of running on normal rails would be so that you dont have a completely separate system with fully separate tracks, you could run the maglevs on their own dedicated infra but at the edge of the cities join the existing mainlines and run to the normal train station, instead of trying to squeeze in maglev tracks there.
Damn that was a smooth advert insert
That pod with pointy front, produces so much lift at 500kmh it would derail quite quickly :D
70es vasutvonal mention!!
I'm not sure if you are referring to line 72 or 70 when saying it does not operate at full capacity becouse the latter pretty much does and trust me, keeping schedule is near impossible already.  Other than that this concept pretty much ignores platform length, windth, availability and every single minor rail deformation and the type of signalling equipment ever.
i agree with everything but the wind over 340 mph.
I don't care if Siemens builds supersonic ICEs as long as they still come late or stand around. I had more success using regional trains anyways.
love the deus ex soundtrack you used
Triggered Elon fans incoming
Been loving your videos. <3
You're all just jealous that techbros are successful and you are not.
On behalf of all of Poland  I am sorry that this idea came from our country
In France, the work on the high-speed train is very controversial because the SNCF (our national rail service) is injecting hundreds of millions into the building and maintenance of these lines, while lower-speed lines lack the funds needed for their upkeep, even though they serve more people overall.
That jab at Czechia. I mean oooff with that latest crash
12:28 I bet they'll come up with hyperloop all over again in response to these complaints "ahhh good points, but what if... we rework the whole network and put it in an enclosed tubes!!"
Is the train made entirely of graphite and glitter too?
6:14 Wow man, seriously? What happened was a tragedy, people died. Sure, it's a result of their incompetency, but this joke was insensitive and I'd expect better from you
I truly HOPE this is peak idiocy, but you never know when tech nerds get enough money to pay for some CGI.
A Concorde of trains, what could possibly go wrong.
Amazing load of bollocks, thanks for showing us this
I have much love for the deutchbarne but that's because whenever I'm on it I'm on holiday. The staff are some of the nicest.
i try to imagine this in place of tópart IC and it's the biggest joke i heard today
I was not expecting to hear starcraft
Supply chain manager here: Even for a small company, supply chain management is hard, and fast shipping is useful sometimes. It's called planes (also pods, isn't that funny!)
People accidentally re-inventing trains is like the vehicular version carcinization
8:15 Fun Fact: FDP in Portuguese stands for SOAB and I think it fits well here too.
i see you there slacking...  whats the actual minimum speed for a regular train come on
Side question: Why are we even calling them techbros? The -bros part bothers me a lot. They don't contribute to better society and does the reverse, they're just pretend experts on tech because money, and people hate them generally.  They're not bros, they the opps.   Techopps.
Don’t confuse this with the super fucking cool and based maglev line being built from Tokyo to Osaka that is also set to go 500kmph
Tech bros might be idiots but they serve an idiotic market: investors. I'm pretty sure for this project there are hundreds and hundreds of great ideas, capable people trying to solve real problems; but they are not flashy, there's no renderite involved. That's the problem here. Innovation and technological upgrades hindered by the ability to grasp the short attention span of inventors and get funded or not.
Let the meme of overything on the Adam Something youtube channel leading back to trains continue.
The fact that "high speed" is higher than "higher speed" annoys me so much.
When the pod can't use the jammed tracks, take a self driving Tesla taxi. 😂
i love how angry and offended he sounds
I used to think shit about Indian railway for their slow speed. Considering more than 2% of 1.4 billion people travel by train everyday. Now i am mature enough to appreciate colossal scale at which they operate.   SPEED IS NOT EVERYTHING IN RAILWAYS!
I can already see right wing and libertarian parties pouring billions into a prototype of this thing and using it as excuse why they can't put the same billions into regular rail traffic (oh sorry, 15% of our budget went into pods)
Why don’t we just bring back streamlined steam locomotives? Like the ones we used to have in the 1930s.
Who keeps funding these bad ideas?
Tech bros make me depressed.i love how things work. But they have zero understanding how shit works
BUT have you ask The Lord
didn't he talk about this like 6 times already?
You want to transport up to 100 people with 550 km/h? Take a damn commuter plane. There are plenty of STOL types available. You just need a small airfield.
it's funny cause I actually think lots of things Elon does is pretty cool while you don't and politically I'm pretty certain we differ but your humour and content is so good I always watch it and laugh at it, keep up the amazing work! (Also tech bros unironically suck)
Dutch trains are 93% punctual?  I suppose when you keep cancelling trains altogehter, they are never late.
No actually there's potential here! They just need to start with investing in existing infrastructure (sloooowly improving it) and then once that's done fail because regular trains got better and their idea had no merit in the first place, best of both world!
If you watch this channel, you might get the idea that innovation is not at all needed in the mass transit industry. Trains are at their perfection, nothing new needed....
this channel contents : 20% techbros are dumb 20% elon musk is a jerk 20% dubai is hell 110% train is good 25% Hungary is great! 😄
As a czech person i can confidently say: trains go brrrrr
Nice higher speed train selection, greetings from Austria (:
I don't understand the opposition to "pods". Cars and apartments are already pods. Smoothing the outside doesn't fundamentally change them in any way.
Alan Fischer Adam Something crossover?
I have learned that pods are the future of everything.  My car? A pod. The bus I sometimes rely on downtown? A pod. My airplane? Goddamned right it's a pod. The train I fucking wish I lived closer to a stop for? A pod.
It's truly amazing that tech bros are so unselfaware that they went from accidentally making trains but worse to trying to make a train but still worse. It's like watching them evolve, i wonder if they will stop being tech bros when they eventually realize trains are already optimized to near perfection
There are actually driverless trains (Rio Tinto line in Australia), but they are moving around 20km/h, in a desert, without passenger, on a full straight line (and there is a driver for the last km with switches).
This makes the Bennie Railplane look sensible, at least that thing separated itself from the PEONS that were normal LNER trains
To put it in simplest possible terms, its called high speed RAIL not high speed ROLLING STOCK because the rolling stock for high speed trains is relatively cheap compared to the rails and signals and such. Rails are absurdly cheap compared to highways, but rolling stock is even more absurdly cheap compared to personal vehicles.
I think I hate corporations
Every time I travel with DB: "Zhank you for travheling with Deutsche Bahn!" Like I have a choice
Seriously, at what point did "pod" become such a buzzword among techbro grifters? Should we blame kid Anakin?
93% punctuality for Dutch trains? Sure doesn't feel that way
Adam something nimmt einfach die S1 nach Tschechien in 10:07 😂
Briefly shows NJ Transit, me: flashbacks of passenger cars stinking of urine, delays, delays, and no AC.   Good times.
lol I stopped watching when you started going on about how TRAINS aren't going to be automated hahaha
TECH BROS AND THEIR PODS
Może w Elefantynie kompanię wschodnioindyjską i karawansjerę zrobić i byś może udało by się sięgnąć Anglię?
Techbros are just very lucky children. Come into undeserved wealth that then wipes out any sense of reality as they get to used to tossing money to go faster, to go bigger and then try to carry that out elsewhere.
8:19 oh if you think that is bad just look at the AfD situation...
The german FDP party is anything but libertarian 8:21  Maybe they claim to be, but honestly every politician is a communist tbh
Shoutout to Eddy Wally at 0:11. Wow!
Too much importance placed on speed in our current civilisation. One of the big reasons it will fail.
Why are people so hellbent on going so fast this close to the ground??
These aren't tech bros, these are con men.  They make some cool CGI vids, they shout a bunch of buzz words, they get investors and money, and then they fail.  Whenever I hear "pods", I think "con".
The German numbers are even worse than the chart suggests. When DB fully cancels the train, it's not added to their delay statistics. It can't be late if it never ran in the first place!
OMG jaja 💀❤
Oh yeah, let's take a medium whose biggest advantage is capacity.... and remove all that so it can go zoom zoom.
Honestly I am not mad at the German rail delays because it saves a lot of money, when traveling and most of the time I am not traveling on tight schedule
"Polish deep-tech" sounds like the Cyberpunk RPG where you can definitely get cyber parts for your character, but they're operating like USSR electronics.  I still remember my grandparent's 5kilo monstrosity coffee maker, ah 💜💜
I'm in Melbourne Florida and our new brightline rail has hit soooo many cars/people. All of the people getting hit have people their error though, not the train's. If the Nevomo train hit a car it would not be pretty. The brightline is also really expensive and not economic at all even for Floridian locals.
Dat Starsector Atlas lol. And coupling with Starcraft music!
Monorail, monoorail, mooonooorail
Also if you're not encasing your rail line you WILL need washing stations in front of each train station that your Pod can pass through so the public at the Station isn't confronted with the inevitable cocktail of road killed birds, deer and bunnies smoothied up on the front of EACH OF THESE PODS!  "DISGUSTING" MEME, anyone?
you play starsector? And have a cute cat? Have a +1.
It's funny the uk rail network is so bad that when people I know visited Germany they actually said it was good in comparison and Germany is one of the worst in Europe
I wish we could just have some trains. I'm so envious of all of these civilized countries
Note: Ekster is only practical if you don't carry cash The cash band is annoying and can let your cash slip out Not to mention there's no coin storage
If a train can't be linked together, doesn't that just make it a car with extra steps?
*Chapter 4 intro music starts* Re-portin'! Movin' out! Ten-hut! Ah-ffermative! Yeah?
Why so many techbro have Dunning Kruger illness
Szia!
I also don’t understand the aerodynamics of the concept.  With a nose so high up above the track a significant amount of air will be directed under the train lifting it off the track.  I think the chance of it derailing is 100% unless it drives at considerably slower speed then they are proposing.
Credit where credit is due, they're getting closer to trains, and soon they'll figure it out
I’m loving this new “train” idea! Just surprised my boy Elon didn’t invent them. I wish you’d occasionally mentioned them before.
Always love the AoE2 music.
Oh this is absolutely brilliant well done 👏 😂
Bro, here me out, bro... what about a triple-decker pod mag-lev train running on normal train lines that goes at 800 KPH? Where are my VC funders at? You only need to pay me 500k per annum. I'll get you some really impressive 3D renders.
are pods just default now becuase the cgi rendering on them is easier
I will not stand for this totally true US Railroad Slander
They will just switch to monorails that run above the existent rail so problem solved...🤣
To be blunt, that looks how I imagen a joint ride... I'm sure they smoked something :D
The number of tech bro solutions that completely ignore what the actual problem is is absolutely staggering.
I thought that Polish Tech Bros would be smarter than the ones from US but then I remembered that Warsawians exist. Yeah, they are not the smartest people.
lol there is a reason why the ICE in germany is as slow as it is. Reason is that the railways are already maxed out, meaning the passenger trains can not go faster or they collide with the next slower train. 2. the rails are just not good enough, meaning that there is only a few "High speed" connections that are maintained to the level that the ICE can drive 300kmh there and only 150-200 everywhere else. 3 Passenger trains are 2nd class for the european railroads. Like it or not, freight makes the money, freight is no 1 on the rail, Passenger trains have to wait for freight trains to over take them very often. and have I mentioned that the 100 year ols tracks everywhere are maintained to the level they are in for a shitload of money. Nobody has even close the money to upgrade even a short extra part. also its not that straight eveywhere but very curvy, so you can not drive too fast or you fly out the rails. I dont like it but thats just they way it is. The ICE can drive fast BUT the railnetwork is the problem. Just my 2 cent as an airline pilot who observed this shitshow of Bahn too often when I had to commute and talked to the train drivers often. Grüße
TechBro logic: “Find even worse solutions to an already big issue”
traincinization... every mode of transport convergently evolves into TRAINS
The good news is they are up to 20 people per pod, which is slightly better then the 16 Musk first proposed or the 4 he "delivered".  Just a little bit more and they will be up to the efficiency of a short bus.
You know it's gonna be fire when he starts of with 40K lore 🔥
7:17 italy? ITALY?!  NNNNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!! 😱🤯😭😭😭😭😭😭    if anyone asks how things are in germany these days, show them this chart!
When you start with the underlying assumption that faster necessarily means better.
Call me a cave man, but the idea of going really fast, in a way that relies on the full maintenance of the vehicle as well as the entire length of the track its on, as well as on the functioning of logistical system and the fallibility of humans, just isn't that attractive to me. Even the thought of how badly it could potentially go on a conventional train isn't very comfortable. I just don't get the need to zoom around everywhere, do people really need to take only a few hours to move further than the range many of their ancestors might've spent their entire lives? Like, chill out, we have real time global communication technology, if something is important enough that you need to actually physically go somewhere, you can probably afford it taking at least a bit of time.
Starsector mentioned 10:11
1:55 you get a like for the Czech train 6:11 Right.. I'm taking it back
We've finally come full circle. Now that's a hyper loop
We in czech republic have a problem with train operators. They are underpaid, overworked and they work for several companies to catch up. There are also rail operators from foreign countries, who were not educated for czech railways, as we have different systems. Plus the companies send the most expendable workers to the far eastern tracks. This issue is worsened by the fact that one national company was fractioned into several pieces, and other companies were allowed to "partake" in the business. Which means they get all the opportunities but no responsibilities, making the companies profitable. The partitioned national railway operator meanwhile struggles with internal corruption due to restructuralisation, meaning the company´s funds are alocated in company´s management, instead of employee wages and modernisation. The accident on the picture was caused by human error, of overworked train operator, and worsened by te fact, that private company operates wagons so structuraly weak, they crumble like a fcking crouton, with passegers still inside. This would not be the case, if the one national operator used only one kind of wagons, produced at home, instead of obsolete repainted german scrap metal.
more about elon musk
Then someone tells them that there are seasons, and one of those seasons is the winter.
What will happen inside the pod when it hits a curve designed for 140km/h at 550? It's got to have some magical anti-gravity devices installed to stop you flying into the walls.
Fun fact: the Frecciarossa high speed trains are already capable of reaching a potential 400 km/h, but engineers keep them capped at 300-ish out of concern for infrastructure wear-and-tear... as well as possibly sucking up gravel from underneath the rails.
You need to do somthing on AI use in the public center, in the UK both the Major parties are talking about it in very tech bro ways
Honestly, spending billions in fixing existing railroad networks so high speed train can swing by across Europe is an actual good idea. Just make sure that you have actually working high speed trains doing that (like the Shinkansen) and not this whatever the fuck this is.
This "concept" reminds me of Czechoslovakian motorwagon M 290.0. Engineered for high speed using aircraft construction experiences, had no coupling mechanisms, always ran alone on pre-existing tracks, stopping only once on its route. But that was in 1936. These punks are literally thinking like if they lived 90 years ago; but don't worry, naming our vehicle "pod" and saying it's AI controlled will save us, right?
france's TGV does come into Switzerland but doesnt exceed the mandatory 160kmh.
As a Pole I just want to say that this is the dumbest thing anyone from this country has ever done
If all the time and money went to an actual high speed rail project we would be actually riding it now. I dream of a future where north americans see the benefits of good public transport. But if you dare mention it it's immediately "car = freedom". Nevermind the freedom of choosing how to comute.
What if someone invented a super tripple deck train going across europe so efficent people wanted to take it & put money into it
Deutsche Bahn is god-awful punctuality-wise but I gotta give them credit for having more comfortable trains than elsewhere (Although I might just have had bad luck with other companies)
Skill issue
“Efficient…Tried & Tested” shows Amtrak.
Adam clearly took this one personally.
Dont tell me that nobody told them..
We come full circle ⭕
6:50 "Which is like saying you'll open a water park in middle of the Sahara".  For the record, Death Valley is the hottest, driest place on the planet. And investors built a goddamn golf course on it, complete with freaking palm trees and drought prone grasses. Never underestimate the stupidity of rich greedy morons looking to make more money in the most obtuse way possible to prove they're smart. Need I remind everybody, Dubai exists.
Do you think the Japanese maglev will work?
Try doing 500+kph on some of our tracks in the UK where sitting on a HST at 50mph you can see the whole thing rocking and rolling
Még egy baromság megdölt, már csak a jó tervek kellenek!
To be fair, the idea has one merit, and that would be connecting newly built Maglev and existing (high speed capable) rail... because that could allow for a maglev train (not a pod, but something closer to Transrapid) and dedicated maglev infrastructure to be integrated partly to existing infrastructure when it comes to stations (and it would also fix maglev's ultimate nemesis, the rail switch). But alas, that still might not do it...
What if we have wall calendars, but in pods, with A.I. an quantum stuff? Huh? Billion dollar idea. /s /jk
T R A I N S
Our train is powered by foot.
I firmly believe that the rail companies of the world have missed a really good opportunity by ordering a special over-night version from Stadler and call it the Good Night Kiss
I did not expect to see an Atlas-class interstellar superfreighter today. Glad I did, but still surprised.  As an American who visited Japan and bought a rail pass for the trip, I cannot even express how much I would like something a tenth that good for my nation. This, however, isn't it. I don't want a revolution in how public transportation is designed, I'll settle for a good implementation of something unexciting but proven to death.  This and the bloody surface-to-surface rocket transport are the psychotic anime girlfriend of public transit - it can never be real, it's only attractive in the abstract and from afar, and if it somehow became real it would brutally murder you and blame you for not buying transport insurance in crypto.
Oh and also if you think Deutsche Bahn is bad then, well... you are spot on, but you haven't seen how bad it get's when you are a competitor of them using their network. Flix train, from the Flix bus people, they are dirt cheap especially if booked early, but not just do they only get the bad stations at the outskirts of the city, they also always get delayed the most, because DB gives prime routes to DB only and the rest can be lucky that they are allowed on their rails ion the first place. I waited for two or three h in Berlin Ostkreutz multiple times, because they didn't let the train through.
lol Adam, that's just an idea and they got like 4 million dollars to check if it will work. heh, do you really think that the first aeroplanes had jet engines?
As much as I love trains, it would cost me $85 a month to take the train to work, where it costs me $20 to drive.
"What do you mean I can't just improve on the work of experts with decades of experience, without any training or prior knowlege? Preposterous!"   - Billionaires right now, apparently.  The only thing that really surprisies me, is that these kind of snake oil salesmen always find someone who buys their ideas. You'd think that professional investors would do some kind of due dilligence
I might be reading too much into a 10 seconds CGI animation, but the fact the station is almost deserted, only an handful of people are boarding the pod and nobody is carrying any luggage implies this thing doesn't have much use in their own vision.
When we get cold fusion mag lev will be be awesome... WHEN....
Remember, rail freight is still the best way to move large amounts of goods in your country
What If we had the efficiency of trains and the freedom of cars. Trains Pods with Tires that run on asphalt and can go anywhere Genius. the train CAR pod its genius give me a billion dollars.
You know, I'm getting kind of bored of your videos. It really feels like you've made this exact video multiple times already :P
I think we Germans need more shameful display. Politics and trains are a good start
Liked for the Star Sector reference.
I’m convinced that there is some sort of scam ring thats main goal is to suck dry tech bros wallets or smth
Techbros: Mention Rails AdamSomething: You dare challenge me in my own realm?!?
It is honestly amazing how long self driving trains have taken. Like from the outside it just looks like all the driver does is press go at the right time... Just the why is the right time is very difficult to work out...
God, I love you and Alan Fisher's Channel. The lack of common sense is quite alarming.
6:15 proceeds to trash talk Czechia, 6:19 uses video from Czech train service.
6:52 "it's like saying you'll build a water park in the middle of the sahara" ADAM DONT GIVE THE TECHBROS IDEAS
10:10 where middle picture is taken from? What's game it is? Upd. it's from Starsector
“Rolling dildo” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 my sides!  Loved the inclusion of StarCraft score. That game was my big love 🥰   My tiny country has been working on electrifying our rails for so damn long. We kinda suck.  German ICE are my favourite trains. Love them so much and they sometimes have their nap next to my local train station Svanemøllen ♡  I would sell my soul to ride ICE trains only from now on.  Thank you for making fun of tech bro startups. That’s what I like after a rough day at work!
lol you put the Age of Empires music
The only thing similar to this that I can think of which worked for a while before the uk government stopped funding it was the British apt designed to run 25% faster than other trains on track meant for 125 mph. The only problem I have with it is that they could have reopened the long and straight main line which they closed, because of the beaching act, which was meant to help British rail but failed miserably ending up in privatisation.
One thing we in Poland know, is to how make trains experience get worse.
Imagine being a foreign intelligence agency watching a country make their freight system *that* vulnerable to DDoS attacks. Just scratching your head in absolute awe of a nation's unwillingness and inability to properly manage its infrastructure.
As a German I salute you to correctly summarize our "Deutsche Bahn" corruption affair with the automotive industry.   By the way, every Deutsche Bahn CEO ever previously worked for Daimler (Mercedes) before coming to work for the subsidiary - sorry I meant competitor - Deutsche Bahn.
it's not just a train... it's a pod!
I hope the American Transportation Department invents trains next 😁
All that jargon to sell what is essentially a shitty bus service with limited stops.
trains are already fast, why make them faster?
The real maglev in china already exists and works, its just missing more tracks which they are building now
adam our prophet
11:35 thanks to your beloved gypsies
Video so good I’m buying a wallet!
Germany uses high speed rail differently because Germany has a massive amount of mid-sized cities instead of a handful of very big cities like in Spain, France or Italy. And all those 100k cities want ICE access.   The delays are due to lack of investments from 1990-2020, the attempt to make DB profitable and because of idiotic pensioners protesting against every infrastructure project.
MÁV my (not so) beloved ❤❤❤
serious note. Switzerland does have driverless subways but they just go back and forth a couple miles. not cross 100 different trains from different companies, destinations, etc on a daily basis
10:08 Smeaky edit using pic from Starsector and music of Starcraft.
We seem to be living in an age where we have a lot of people who think "X has been around for a long time, why hasn't anyone innovated it?"  Actually, I'm sure a lot of people get those thoughts, the only difference is now those people have a lot more money and a lot fewer brain cells.  Meanwhile in America, I can't even walk to the gas station. They tore up the sidewalks to make way for a strip mall. The absolute state of stupidity...
They always go with the Pods because they're after the money of rich investors whose skin crawls at the thought of using the same service as common people.
Adam vs. Techbros really is the gift that keeps on giving.   It feels like there is no shortage of those complete idiots, and watching him dismantle them piece by piece will never get boring.
But the renders! Did you see the renders! Hahahaha!
I love how so many Tech-Bros are inspired by hyperloop, and the shit still hasn't even been built yet! 🤣  It's like being inspired by the Wright brothers to build cars 🙃
The fact that we can't even have driverless trains right now makes the idea of driverless cars all the more hillariously stupid.
Service every 20 or 15 minutes would be appreciated, and 150-ish is fast enough.
I live in a very small apartment but I'm too dumb to retrofit it for bigger rooms.
Loving the Starcraft music!
Son : Mom can we have an SNCF Class X 73500  Mom : We already have that at Home  The SNCF Class X 73500 at Home :
45 min
Thank you
I love everything about Adam's videos and the recurring Starcraft theme in tht background of this one has got me in absolute stitches. Amazing, full-body takedown of these idiot muskfollowers.
6:14 Oh. My GOD!! xD
You are right: German trains are late all the time BUT on the other hand it is also very expensive 🤗
FYI this thing probably only exists because of MaDe4Rail and Pods4Rail where the EU is spending millions to fund research into maglev and pod-trains. I know of other projects like this one. It isn't just dumb tech bros, its also technical university staff and students trying to get a grant, even if they know its unlikely the tech will ever be worth it.
The ICE ride from Dortmund to Frankfurt goes through the Rhine River Valley all the way down by the river, smooth ride, few stops, you see HUNDREDS of Castle Ruins and Palacial Estates, Monuments like the Loreley ... It would be shameful to go any quicker here!!!
It’s really hard to come up with something truly new and different I guess. We’ll need to wait for a Nikola Tesla and Henry Ford to come around.
adding LIMS to exist rails? these will have a downtime of yes and use more energy than the world has
pods this, pods that, how about tech bros just take the tide pod challenge.
Techbros when you propose something that doesn't involve some variation of "Pod" in its name or concept
Your videos are a great happy place!! 🤠💜
Techbros really took all the issues with concord and applied them to trains...wild
Elon Musk trying to kill highspeed railway so he can sell more Teslas is boiling my blood
If we get $1/€1 every time a tech bro says they'll "revolutionize transport/cargo" and then eventually leads to trains, we'd be as "rich" as tech bros.
The answer is so simple...     We just need to add a few more tracks!
Algorithm comment
I was well on my way on the tech bro mentality that software/tech was the savior of humanity, back when I first came across this channel. So naturally, I loathed this guy and his channel for crushing my hope on people like Elon. But I'm so grateful I continued watching his videos because it made me realize the problem was never software per say but just bad engineering and all these tech bros forcing software as solutions onto problems that don't necessitate it. Being in the tech industry, I still believe software has a place in the progress we make but I now have a new appreciation for software when it is skillfully and tastefully implemented onto systems. Tech isn't the end-all and be-all for our modern problems, it's just another engineering tool. There's something so satisfying about simple solutions that just work; that's just the result of good engineering.
oh god my own country
you know they know nothing when they compare themselfs to the german ICE, that comes on time about 2/3 or less
I wonder what the first techbro like solution was... Must be a 1850 when enough bad ideas had been tried for some to have been forgotten..
Bro I Love your content but...  taxation ist theft.
He fricking knew it.
Im pretty sure this is just another Front for a Moneylaundering Scheme. Not to mention that it is completely ideotic. Like, try that on the german Railway network. It has been penny pinched into allmost complete disrepair. Not to mention the other Talkingpoints of this Techbro Feverdream.
10:09 starsector spotted
whoop
Haha the starcraft music😂😂
I beg of you to tone down the smugness 😭🙏
"Nevomo, a Polish deep-tech startup"  As a Polish person, we do not accept them as our own
German here. The car industry isnt a major factor in our railways demise. The car industry has been here since forever and up until the mid to late 90s the german railway system was a thing to be proud of and one of the very best in the entire world. Then privatization came. Profits were suddenly the only thing to care about so everything unprofitable went away. A lot of traintracks were simply cut and the rest had to operate as efficiently as possible. And with very tight margins comes room for spiraling errors as explained. Today the railsystem is a shadow of its former self and its almost impossible to bring it back to former glory if the money for that has been going into private pockets of the very rich.
i swear some day theyre going to try and stack the pods vertically
Drivers are machinists, right? So they have technical knowledge to fix the train if needed. Driverless train could become those self driving cars in San Francisco. When something goes wrong, just wait there for a human to come for help.
Techbro Train! Ruining actual trains!
Bruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuh Here we go again 😂 more freaking PODS What is this Half Life 2?
Fogalmam se volt hogy vannnak mas magyarok is ilyen jo angollal
Wow im actually suprised they found a stadler wink to use at 13:48! There are only 18 of those in the entire world lol.
tjanks,
Tech bros really are kids with way too much money.
That ICE-L sure looks like a KISS from Westbahn.
Tech Bros: let’s have driverless cars  Me: We can’t even have driverless Trains!!!! AND THOSE ARE ON FUCKING TRACKS!!!
I will create this new product called Hyper-Hydrator, a cylinder that is covered on one side that you can use to pour any liquid inside for easy consumption, it is powered by AI and can ensure to keep your water, coffee or even beverages ready for you to take a sip. Inspired by a design Elon Musk said on an interview, it is set to revolutionize the liquid consumption industry. This project of 3 billion dollars will be ready in 5 years once we solve the issue of corrosive chemical release when the product its placed on the fridge
Someone needs to tell the united statian people that ressources are never limitless. You just can't mix pod with public service.
“The Concorde of HSR.”
Damn it! Now I need that calendar!
Well one should note that one big advantage of not having a separate high-speed network is that trains can make de-tours. So if a section of rail fails or is otherwise non-passable, you can still reach your destination. This is particularly important in Germany where the infrastructure is on the brink of falling apart as government essentially put no money into it for decades. (this is changing now a bit)
TL;DR: no, not possible ;)
i'd really like to see a reply of the techbros to this. should be fun.
This is the content I pay internet bill for  I want more videos of you clowning on dumb tech bros ideas
Hi. You said that driverless trains are not possible. Why? And does that tell us something about driverless cars? Is the reason why a driverless train can’t exist the same for cars?
Big numbers mean big interest, sadly
6:46 there are some driverless trains, e.g. DLR albeit slow, small ones...
"FDP" means son of a bitch in french  Also it feels weird to hear that our trains are very ponctual because I alway hear that train drivers are always on strike
I am one and a half minute in and I am pretty sure I already exactly know all the points you are going to make. And I'm so here for it!
Such thing as a pod for 20-50 people which goes 550 km/h is already common and fully functional - it is called a commuter turboprop plane, like ATR72 ;) lol
The funniest part is that we technically have high speed trains in Poland, and they are not even reaching their maximum speed due to the infrastructure.
The idea was obviously idiotic and would never work just from the idea of running super high speed on regular tracks, all the rest is just icing on the cake.  Regular tracks cannot take high speed, not because the trains we already have available can't produce the speed. There are plenty of options available for those mad enough to try super high speed on regular rail. No one does it though, because the first time you tried to run such speeds on a normal track you would see catastrophic derailment.  They literally cannot have talked to any real railroad engineers before they published this idea.
finally not a musk hating video
8:35 the sheer malice with which he says pod got me
If you suddenly need goods for your factory tomorrow and it takes too long with a regular freight train, there is no reason to build these 550 km/h things because they are FUCKING planes. And if we approach it with Tech Bro's logic, an airplane is better anyway because it's faster.
i saw that atlas freighter
They found The Train! Dun, dun, ddduuuunnnnnnn
Make a Video on Regensburg
Adam can not be broke. Except for like money. Someone give this man billions so we can fix our transport!
At least this one actually works. Yeah, its not very useful, scalable or efficient but it might serve as a novelty for rich tech bros who wanna party. Just stick one in the desert with a ton of concrete around it, have the tech bros pay for it and have them ride it
Seeing "new video" on the phone and scrolling up to this blessing is amazing news
once again trains prove to be superior
2:48 Whats with tech bros and pods?
Where do you get your wall calendars from!? 🙃
Interesting how they forgot that any small turn at 550km/h would transform any Pod into Starship Earth to Earth.
how do these tech companies even open up do they all just crash and burn eventually?
I don't understand why these types of companies are trying to reinvent an already efficient thing instead of simply working on ways to improve what we already have. 😅
another issue is that you don’t really need that much speed to connect two destinations that people want to go to. You would essentially need to start slowing down before reaching the top speed because there would already be the next stop approaching. This is already a problem with some maglev trains in china going over 300km/h and would be even more so here.
Musk should be legally required to pay for the entirety of the California high speed rail since his dumbass essentially cost the people of California billions if not trillions of dollars in wasted time, effort, materials, and lost increase in productivity across the board that comes with increased access to efficient public transportation systems.
Tech bro trains??? Is it time (not holding out hope)
innovation 😂
for my fellow Americans  0-160 kmph = 0-99 mph 160-250 = 99-155 550 kmph = 342 mph (!)
POLAND🎉🎉🎉
Hyperloop has perhaps always been scam, but California HSR went from 10 billion USD to 100 billion USD, and completion of phase 1 in 2020, to 2030. Regular trains can be scams too
2:31 Are those models from that mobile game Trainstation?! That's a blast to the past.
The underlying inference of the pod train is the same as the line thing in the desert. It only works if you have lots of money. I am sure the designer of the pod train is thinking this should probably be privately owned and controlled by some sort of "public/private" quasi governmental organization that wields unassailable power over the peons that wouldn't be allowed any where near one of "THEIR" stations. The "future" as always looks like the late nineteenth century. It's an endless quest to subjugate the masses simply so a small group can live in obscene luxury. Meanwhile, we toil away, so they can afford mindlessly banal luxury projects that ultimately harm the people creating the actual wealth.
True facts they failed at the first hurdle with that name. When I still Beleived In The Hyperloop ( I was young, forgive me ) I could imagine someone asking me how I got somewhere and saying "Oh I took the loop outta Seattle"   Train. Car. Bike. Boat. Plane. These are all short words that fit easily into conversation.   If the name is Very Obviously A Brand, they're admitting out the gate that they didn't invent anything.
Also, I really, REALLY do appreciate that BZMOT.
a rail bro forever and always
I am a train engineer myself and I am happy you managed to adress every issue I could think about. And yes German long distance is pretty shitty, but that is also because our system is incredibly bogged down by mismanagement from the higherups, the fact that high speed rail is not always on independent railways (sometimes sharing even with cargo), privatisation of the industry in general as well as the fact that people feel like they are not getting paid enough. As we usually say here "It historically grew that way."  Also the FDP exists. Those liberal fucks.
Retrofit? Yikes. Good luck with that.
7:10 why the U.N.A.T.C.O theme is playing
I'm Czech. I was drinking when 6:10 hit. You almost owed me a new keyboard!
Ahahahah, gj
Yes we Germany have a very Shitty Railnetwork. And we all know why, but the minister is every time a clown that get flooded with money from the car industry, because German Cars is our best export. We hate our Network. Also fun fact Trains that get canceld are not counting in the punctuality, at least in DB charts.
These proposals are just for collecting EU funding.
The US used to have the best passenger rail network in the world.  Then came the automotive industry and airlines and we lost all of it.
lol, love the chinese email asking for 20 more containers
Czech republic mentioned🚂💥💥🚄
I swear. Techbros just can't understand that Infrastructure isn't just... A thing that existed when the world spawned in.
It was the music form the last fight in sonic 2 right? around 10:10 edit: no, it's starcraft 1
Change your pfp to evil thomas the train
Interesting are they gonna discover long range Bus's ? ( im in one right now ).
Change a few things, make it scalable and get proper management for the lines and it would be a good improvement on existing infrastructure. But the tech bro design needs to go. Also use the motors to allow more controllable acceleration and deceleration.
retrofit current rail system for high speed? The current rail system that has hundreds of derailments per year? I'll pass.
Being polish myself, I think I'm better off with what we have already. The only thing worse than a cramped rail bus is a cramped high speed rail bus that's even smaller and less useful overall.
No way!
where in the world are there 4 seperate tracks running between the same points.
In the infamous words of Macklemore trains should be "Big, long, pink, strong - and known to dance like all night long"    So obvs we're just a shade & reliable overnight service away from a perfect system!
Hello from Czechia :D
Yo Adam! In Cincinnati they added a "smartlane" which is an extra lane that only opens during certain hours. They have several people watching it through cameras. It might be good for a video idea.
I think you are still in the segment where you at least fake to take it serious and present their points, but I can't help my self, but to recognize that it started with "we are using existing track", to then go an saying that all it needs is to build a completely new piece of infrastructure along the whole length of the rail network.   Yeah yeah no, this pipe mail won't need any new infrastructure, we just dig out where the water pipes are and put it along side them.
I am very much pro car but like your content. 😂
100 Pods don't just means 100 Drivers, it also means a LOOOOT of more people in the background for maintance etc.
You, Adam, are a conservative. Because you are skeptic towards innovation. Or, as I see it, don't like when we make the trains better.
i love that the one screenshot you took from the DB app had issues. DB my beloathed <3
As a German who often rides trains, I can confirm that DB is shit.
I'm not sure I am rooting for them to discover that public programs are a better way of build transport infrastructure than publicly traded tech startups : the realization would devastate them. Also don't tell them about the logistic chain, they'll try to do A.I. and blockchain about it.
Could you not praise the French trains too much please ? We have a reputation to maintain, you know, SNCF and all that.
As a Pole, I am ashamed that such a thing is being created in our country
It might a Polish invention but there's no way it would be able to run on Polish rail tracks. They're too old to handle 300 km/h, let alone 500 km/h. That being said maybe this grift would encourage our goverment to invest in high (like France level high) speed rail
Why why why can't we just start with heavy investing into a trans European interoperable train network.  I want to go with regular overnight cars everywhere. That is all I want. At least Austria is doing it. But we need more.
That Starsector reference really made me do a double take.
Didnt know France was that good with train.    SNCF being late is a big meme here lmao, I guess french blame everything
Story about german rail and comparing with Ukrainer. People said, they was impress how good german rail network is, but they can cancel all train if they want to. Meanwhile in ukraine where is shortage by electricity and fucking missiles fly, ukraine rail network dalay about 10 min in worst case. I remember, some one said, how passagers train operate in zones where is russia artillery work. This is kind ur station, get out of the train listen how artilery blow up buildings, move to ur destination, mean while people load into train wait what is necessary time depend on station about 5-10 minutes and move. Yes. sometimes, russia blow up people in train, but even in this case work without delay.
they cant be serious. who funds this shit
Good luck managing 500+kmph on Polish railroads  ;)
The Tech Bro singularity
Civil engineering is where tech bros go to die. Lmao.
Hey @AdamSomething the Train on timer mark 2:07 was actually a train from Westbahn and not an ICE L
i keep seeing this one ad from enterprise i think(?) where a woman is stuck in traffic and then another woman drives by on the CEILING and the tagline is like "innovative transit solutions" or something and i just needed to complain about it
Adam's long-running justified crusade against phoney non-train transport is one of the best recurring jokes on the internet 😂  N.B. This comment was written by a human but would have been more efficient and punctual if written by a train.
Hehe made me laugh " ni hao need 20 more containers fast. Thanks."
as a german, the section about our trains made me cry but also laugh
Trenitalia is a headache  💀
Yeah.... a lot of people who dont use trains, dont understand rail networks have traffic too.
Love de inclusion of Belgium's national monument "Eddy Wally" at the start.
I mean it would be lovely if the EU had a standard rail control system with standard signalling.  And funnily enough, the british long-range method is almost the best. Red, single yellow, double yellow and green. Four aspects for braking considerations. If we could have maybe a second light post that would convey speed limitations with either numbers or signal aspects... hot dayumn.
Bits of Heroes of the Storm soundtrack! Nice!
As a regular customer of Amtrak, the state of American rail makes me cry
Eventually some genius is gonna reinvent the wheel with corners for “reasons”
On their website, the Nevomo Techbros do everything to AVOID calling this a TRAIN, and instead say they are just VEHICLES inspired by the Hyper-Loop system..........but on railway infrastructure. Even on their front page, they can't help but go back and forth between calling this a Hyperloop with Pods and a Magrail. They're not even remotely the same thing.
I do think that in this case it's advertised that way purposeful, so that they tech inwestors will invest into it, setting aside tech bros bulshit it's genuine technology that might find purpose just in high speed rail.
I'm quite sure they just made it to siphon funds from the government.
6:13 🥲
I like slightly pissed off Adam❤😂
You snuck up on us from behind with that sponsorship. Love sleek compact wallets though.
TLDR it would work, if it were a fucking metro. and just go slower.
I know little of trains, learned a bit in my engineering class in High school but that was years ago and not the main focus. So when you explained in the first minute -ish of this "invention" the tech bros made I immediately knew the problems and my god there were problems.
Monorail! Monorail!...
where did you get the nice graphics of train compositions from. Vagonweb?
what was that wall calendar and how do i get one
MagRail? We already have working Mag Lev?
Tech bros could not do more to make me hate them.
This reminds me of when the Top Gear guys outfitted caravans and cars to run on rails.
Rail pods can work.  Look at the Skinnezeppeliner.  Why did he not mention them?
Luxembourg being listed as the 2nd most punctual for long dustance trains is funny when I'm watching this waiting for a train that should have been here 15min ago (it probably doesn't classify as long distance, but still funny)
turn the comments back on for your shapiro vid
7:08 now I have to reinstall it again
The german trains are a complete catastrophe. It's SO INCREDIBLY UNRELIABLE, it's not even funny anymore. Also much, much more expensive than driving by car, and much, much slower because you always have to account for delays of at least 60 minutes, when traveling ~4  hours or more.   Oh also, did i mention that it's the most unreliable piece of garbage i've ever had to deal with in my entire life?
I totally like the aerodynamic design of the pod. No down force except gravity, but a high nose to guarantee takeoff. It's very uplifting 😀
This pod shape is made so ideal to better insert them into the backsides of the tech bros...?
Appreciate the Czechia joke
As a professional smartass I could obviously point at some of the less realistic parts. Trains going with 500km/h won't suddenly break all the trees and windows in their proximity. Thats a problem the French would have solved by now, if it existed. But as someone who was actually trained as a train driver at some point I still know that all your core argument are correct.
The only place this could actually improve the current rail network is maybe shunting at freight yards like Maschen.
tech bros really will reinvent the wheel as a cylindrical pod, and replace the Axel with AI
dude can u do a video on the israel palestine war , pls
There is another reason we will never have driverless trains.  Laws.  A self driving or remote driving train comes with a lot of legal responsabilities and legal risk. Having a driver lifts a lot of those risks, and makes different, more leniant, laws apply.
Thank you for explaining the fundamentals of train control systems! Its a topic that is not often talked about
I just don't understand the argument against autonomous trains, how is a driver going to prevent an accident better than a computer that can see what's happening on the entire line?  For example, if a train is stopped longer than usual at a station, The computer can control the speed of all trains on the line so that this anomaly is corrected and the trains still arrive on time. A human controller coordinating with a driver could never do this so efficiently, so what's the point of the driver? The only reason trains still have drivers is unions.  In my city, the new lines are all autonomous and are vastly superior, but the old lines cannot be updated because the union does not allow it.
if you word a cart fancily enough, you can make it seem like a new fancy invention
If you ever visit Perth Western Australia, and you really like trains, especially long distance trains, be prepared to cry yourself to sleep every night. Last I heard there was a maglev train project being built in Japan. As far as I know it is its own separate infrastructure and is using trains. Last I hear the were building a line from Toyko to Osaka and points in between.
I absolutely love how you use pictures of MÁV to show that you can run a better service while spending basically nothing.  Oh yeah abou that: did you know that MÁV is planning more rail lines to be closed?
Yep, that's a train
my mom works at NS Dutch national train company as a planner for every single train that moves wich is a heavy task on itself now take that and make it 500 times more diffcult i can tell you that these people never even saw a train let alone be in one
Techbros? What about the Techsis' Adam
its so fucking funny that all you need to fuck up the US public transportation policies is just to make a pdf and some 3d rendering while being located at the silicon valley.
Good luck going 550 km/h on Polish tracks. The first turn will make that thing into a fucking projectile. A railgun, if you will.
Those are NOT Wallets !
On today’s episode: Techbro “kurwas” rediscover trains.
Any starsector reference triggers my neuron activation.
I will always appreciate your use of the Neverhood soundtrack. Still my number 1 favourite video game OST of all time.
and you want 500 km/h  plus as an actual train ??    Japan and China already done that and they  compete and share the data with each other , also Shinkansen and japanese train punctuation measure in second   Techbros always think they are better than anyone else in the world, what a pity  they are
STARSECTOR ATLAS SPOTTED
Love the StarCraft music!
cable theft is a problem even if you put 20kV on it. What are you going to do? Put up an electric fence?
How did you find this? I'm from Poland and I'm interested in the rail industry and market and I've never heard of this before.
Poland can't into trains.
I still have PTSD from the train I took two days ago from Munich to Berlin. It was the "Sprinter" line, supposedly faster because it made fewer stops. First we started late because the train driver was arriving on another train that was running late. Then we detoured around the area in the south that's flooded. Then we had to take another detour around an area that was on fire. Then we had to take *another* detour because somebody had dumped rocks on the track. Then *another* delay because the switch was broken. Then *another* delay because there's a state visit in Berlin and the local government ordered all long-distance trains to slow to 30kph.  A trip that was supposed to take 5½ hours took almost ten. Amazing stuff.  FFS DB, get your shit together.
where are the plane pods? with automated pilots for the 4 passengers per pod??
I can’t wait until tech bro start looking at planes 🤣🤣🤣
Various Polish railways still rely on EMUs designed in the 50's. Why are they doing this pod stuff?? Are they tring to trick some country with more money than sense to give them a fat stack of cash???  Edit: This cannot exist in Poland, copper thieves out here are too advanced. Heck, if they built a full scale model and inevitably abandoned it after their failure, it'd be gutted in a week.
As an American, I'd like to say that you're completely correct: Our high-speed rail system is just a story we tell our kids. Kinda like Santa.
"I am not talking about American rail here" - cries in Acela.
3:35 ehhh thats a little unfair. Looks more like each pod is about the size of a single conventional waggon. Those have a capacity of 80-120 seats.  So its not quite as bad, but sill, pretty bad.  Theres no point for having single waggon high speed passanger trains. Thats why high speed trains have around a dozend waggons each.
dog, or we're each our own.  I was just coming to lament how the 'tech bros' and 'eLiTe' are masters of the universe...except for the most important factor which is *empathy* in which they are entirely deficient.  The superstition of a sky-daddy is their favorite tool of control, the 'free'masons won't let a Humanist join, wonder why?
Oh that bullet for the Czech Republic train system. Lemme guess, they made the train regulation authorities private bc y'know private services are so much more efficient bro ?
I like the concept of high-speed trains created like "hey bro, we figured out how to make simple maglev system and our train is cheap!" - dude, the RAILS were always the problem
did you hear about Regensburg? There was a initiative to built a Tram in the city but a loud minority was against it so it got thrown away at the end. The vote was one week ago.🙄
What would Tech Bros be without Pods. Pods here, Pods There. Looks to me like they are jealous of car drivers because they already have their pod but don't want to admit it
Signal distances in germany and i think elsewhere too are limited to a kilometer and that distance is present very often. Even if a train driver would be able to stop early enough and would have that short of a path of braking, at 550 km/h the g's would literally oof everyone inside.
If we need to travel at transonic speed, crammed into stinky crowd, costing $200 per trip, I'd rather fly.
6:13 F*cking killed me as Czech.
It's a mark of how terrible the techbro sphere is that I'm pleasantly surprised they a) acknowledge trains already exist and b) are thinking how to upgrade existing networks rather than 'we will just create a new network'.  Of course, after that, it's negatives all the way.
10:11 - *Starsector spotted*
You dont need new inventions to make rail shite, just do what England did
Poor Adam, he is a good soul and naif enough to think people has a functional brain. It looks like he didn't see the last european elections and how bad will be for us, so stuff like this will be presented and lobbiet to the politicians in Brussels and our money will be blowed up. . . This is the end.
I love this comedy channel 😂 we can thanks tech bros for the good laugh
Ok but what if the trains could fly, wouldn't that be awesome ?
I really do not understand why so many people think techbros are a leap in intelligence to the next person.     They surely are not.
10:11 Starsector represent! At least the Tri Tachyon Techbros operate much better vehicles.
Techbro detailed walkthrough  -Find thing that is perfectly find and serves its purpose  -Make it completely inefficient  -Make it a pod or make it have symmetrical edges whatever is your poison  -Slap LEDs on it  -Slap a "smart" AI on it -Present it as a revolutionary new tech via cheap CGI presentation  -Rinse and repeat until some dumb billionaire invest or a dictator finds it
But you must consider how much these guys already has cashed out :)
Look, I don't know much about aerodynamics, but the shape of the front of that train makes me think it will levitate off of the rails at high speeds.
But what if we, hear me out here, what if we, like, put wings on it!? ZOMG! And power it with Crypto Currency and  Unicorn farts?!
Trains are vastly easier to automate than cars. The fact it's still a hard problem with trains just shows how ridiculous self-driving car concepts are.
Before anyone asks, all the unpunctual Germans are exiled by law to the German National Railway Company.  And being under the direct control of Prosche is sadly not the largest problem the FDP has.
Punctuality rates in the UK don't even make the chart 😂 and routinely suffers from cable theft
"Ni hao need 20 more containers fast  tjanks,"    is so fucking funny to me
2:06 Just for the information: Thats not the ICE L. Thats a Stadler Kiss from Westbahn :D
ok the death stranding joke got me
😮 😂😂😂😂 EVER wonder why Musk CYBERTRUCK ➡️ CAN'T BE SOLD IN THE EU ⬅️ try it CAN NOT obtain a CERTIFICATE of pedestrian SAFETY❗️ JUST ANOTHER LOSER❗️❗️❗️
theft is the reason why highvoltage lines are made of aluminium and steal not coper.
don't know if the german brothers know, but FDP translates as SOB (as in son of a b.) in portuguese, which is funnily appropriate
I took a train from Makkah to Madina in saudi arabia, it was like 350 km fast and it was butter smooth
At this point, they're just trolling You specifically.
AGE OF EMPIRES 2 MUSIC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Love the use of AOE music
Your common sense analysis and criticisms are rare and spot on!
Okay but what if we do that but instead of just using AI, we add NFTs?
6:14 I agree with you, rail safety in Czechia is abysmal. There are way more train crashes happening there then anywhere else in Europe. But maybe for this joke you should have chosen a picture of a crash where nobody died.
Those wallets are the equivalent of pods to trains. They haven't solved the obvious problem with not having a place to put money or receipts. I have to buy a separate wallet for those?
Does anybody know what bossa nova track is at 2:45
LOL that whistling happy cringy music you hear in every promotional video, get's me everytime. It fit so perfectly in these videos.
"Is this "train" in the room with us right now?"
I like your videos, but you make it sound like you know nothing when you speak of US rail.  US will never have high speed rail, no one is trying. You are comparing freight lines that run passengers trains occasionally. To full fledged commuter lines. It's also easy to have an entire country covered, when that country is the size of a single large state
Ahh my guilty pleasure, watching videos where a dumb idea gets ripped a new one big enough for an ICE train to pass through.
@AdamSomething How do you feel about Multiple Unit type trains, which have a limited or sometimes no ability to couple/decouple?
Adam we need a new video about Ukraine from you! I love your sarcasm. It's time Russia gets a little bit of it again.
At least they finally arrived at trains.  Maybe we'll finally get somwhere in a few decades.
The worst part about this, is that there is a company in Japan that has tried to make maglev actually work for commuter trains, and while it has a functional prototype capable of 500+km/h, it has been in development for decades, is billions over budget, and is only planned between 3 of most populated cities in the country, one of which being Tokyo, the currently single most populated city on the planet. They want to do all that in a fraction of the time, for a fraction of the cost, without dedicated rail, and cram in AI. It is a fucking grift and should be treated as such.
It's always about the pods because none of them want to share the same space as the unwashed masses.  Or, as an asshole once said, "a long tube with a bunch of demons".
WE GETTING GRIFTED WITH THIS ONE🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
0:10 ten seconds in and we got Phonk Trains Soyjaks (in fucking comic sans)
I live in germany and I have to wait an hour for my bus almost every day cuz there's some delay along the way, that leads to me missing the only bus in and out of my village  this becomes even more funny when you consider that I live next to the capitals airport
Honest question to people smarter than me: Is a Europe wide high speed network possible? It would have just a few stops on the major cities. Example would be Vienna - Munich - Frankfurt - Amsterdam. There are images online looking like a londonesque underground map
They did it!
Japan's proprietary L0 Series Maglev, which has been in development in one form or another since the 70s, has reached a Guinness world record breaking 603 km/h in one of the latest tests, is going to operate at a maximum of 500 km/h and its first operational line is going to finally be opening towards the end of this decade (there have been bumps including COVID). Good thing they've stuck to their homegrown technology instead of buying into the hyperloop hype like many other countries did.
DUDE WTF that Starcraft Music just took me out of the video !! I taped the video out to be sure that Arty is not playing on another tab ! keep it up we should play sometime ;)
Tech bros would hear the idiom "reinvent the wheel" and think it means someone is being creative
this actually makes me more depressed. wow
Wow! I never knew we have tech scamming company in Poland. Finally we joined Premier League of tech scam startups !
Please God , NOT THE PODS AGAIN!
I have this idea that I think will appeal to tech bros. It’s the maglev Lambo. 🤯💯 I need some help pitching it to VCs.
I worked in Railway industry. I can say, most of the time, we prioritise efficiency over insanely fast speed or being absolutely crappy pods. What we do most of thr time is coasting. We accelerate up to the designated speed limit and then turn the engine idle, so that it doesn't burn fuels or cost too much electricity. Why in the name of fucking god we make something so efficient deliberately inefficient?
Me as an American: “You guys actually have a good train system?”
what is that cursed calendar at 11:22?
That is a work of art.   Would love to see you do an analysis of the Tories gutting of the HS2 project.
The jab at Czech Train crashes is pure gold
The fact that you will never run out of content ideas is just great (i love your videos)
12:49 additionally tunnels will be a gigantic problem. Tunnels need to be build specifically to support high speed entry. The pressure change would blow out the trains windows or worse. See the new tunnel build between Munich and Stuttgart esp. to support high speed trains.
I thought the channel was out of content  cos techbros got smart. But then here we are again...
"europe rail has a bunch of problems getting trains to work in the different places.  America doesn't have that problem so the american rail system sucks".  Phrasing.
Always fun to watch you make fun of idiots
Bolivia mentioned 😄
Yeah, in the US, when an Acela meets with another Acela going the opposite direction at speed, the wind crash is like BOOM!!! Transcontinental high speed rail in the most optimistic paths is at least 50 years away, and easily quite a lot more. We just have too much "nothing" in the middle of our country to make the numbers crunch.
"You're just _jealous_ because you didn't think of it first!" "You're just _jealous_ because you can't afford to ride it!" "If you were as smart as them, _you'd_ be rich, too!"
okay, i heard everything you said...but did you see that cool animation?! its like airplane on wheels! wait, heres an idea: lets make a high speed pod, but in the sky! we can even use the existing infrastructure.
It’s good you call out these scams, thanks for that.
tjanks, Adam
Jesus fucking Christ, that “””train””” looks hideous
It looks like a pregnancy test.
Is it just me, or does it seem like our Man here is getting more and more disgusted with the state of affairs?  I mean, tell us how you really feel, Adam 😄
Poland mentioned 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Tech bros come back to trains like evolution comes back to crabs
550 km/h ? Bro, the French already did that - *insert footage of the 574,8 km/h TGV test run*  Don't trains already need to be grade separated at 160 km/h speeds? (Which is why between Budapest and Hegyeshalom trains can only go that max speed occasionally?)  Man. It was hilarious to be in Berlin this April, be stood on the S-bahn platform at the station near Alexanderplatz, and see an ICE train slowly roll through the station   *sees video of Bzmot being pushed along by passengers* *FALLS OFF CHAIR LAUGHING*  12:19 *insert anecdote about a Budd Metroliner pulling the windows out of a PRR MP54 railcar passing it in the opposite direction at around 140+ mph*
Czech Republic mentioned 🇨🇿🍺💥🚅 🥴
The train will take off if it goes fast with this design.
To truly anger Adam, the trains should go 550 kph on existing tracks, be fully automated, and mine bitcoin simultaneously.
I just want to see Adam talking about Indian Trains and it's transit system 😅
Giga Chad train enjoyer quiz: Which eu country had its last operational train in 1931
Tbh, techbros finding out about trains is actually a good thing. Just change up the name of it and we might actually get some funding for it
It only took their entire adult lives to invent something that has been around for literally 200 years. Genius works in mysterious ways.
They want to reinvent the wheel, while at the same time holding great ignorance and contempt for the wheel.
Mixxed systems have some advantages but are very vulnerable to disrubtions causing more disruptions.
this like a mudskipper v an atlas freighter
Please just let it be a normal train  it wasn't 😞
A big fan of it, but why the StarCraft music?
Just like peas in a pod..
I hate it
TRAINS?! 😱😱😱
If I had a dollar for every time a tech bro invented a less efficient train, I would have enough money to start my own less efficient train project
These passenger pods look like a shitty version of a BR 641"whalefish" lmao
Why is the quality of this video so appalling? Is it a stylistic choice? Because if so, it's gash.
Guys, I have a theory! I think people from car centric places feel that's something wrong with place where they live, so they're trying to find silver bullet that solve all of their problems with environment. So they're trying to reinvent (something). If you have conversation with person like this, and describe what's *real* problem with the environment. If He/She realise what you've said he/she will be upset about fact that you need hundreds of billions of dollars to change the way how car-centric cities was built, but bigger disappointment he/she could get from fact, that this changes means much, much-much uncomfortable what will be caused by changes.
Clicking this video I knew I’ll have a good laugh 😂😂
Could someone tell the techbros to try invent a way to lay tracks (everything from grading to signalling) quicker?   Bruh they already overengineered techbro trains in like the '70s? It's called MAGLEV, the only weird bit about it is that it WORKS
the funny thing about 550 kph is that... the French TGV, going on regular rails, has reached a record speed 574.8 kph on a test track, so their technology of the future is slower than existing trains which already work and shuttle people all over Western Europe  the funniest thing is that the only thing preventing the TGV from going at such speeds on a regular basis is not the track, but the overhead lines who have to be extra tense for wave reasons I won't go into here
Poland mentioned!!! 🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱🇵🇱
Im from poland and im not proud of this (this have goverment support)
Can you talk about Irish public transport its worse than American in my opinion
Bro are you series putting a picture of Slovak trains for 160-200km/h… 😢😢😓 there is only one route where the train reaches 160, max, and only for a few kilometres… but as a joke it was a very good idea 😃
Strange that Dvcessa Meloni didn't make Italian trains more punctual than what the Frenchies did. Perhaps she's not really fascist.
yes thats an IC Flirt not an ICE-L but lets face it, that way better cause the ICE-L is just idiotic.
Az egész világ szegény Kiszel Tündén fog röhögni :D
What's that track in the beginning?
So basically, the Disneyland Peoplemover?
Tech bros find old 1950s futuristic book and copy from it.
Its never good to watch Adam something videos without oreos
Please make an Adam Something "Economy of Scale" t-shirt.
Whattttt trains!? What is that! never heard of that! Seems very useful!
That's not a train. It's a locomotive. You need carriages for it to be a train.
I think Adam likes trains.  I could be completely wrong tho...
You don't have to be an industry expert to know you can't turn century old tracks held in place by wooden planks into maglev.
I love how you put in Age of Empires music almost every video <3
Train companies already don't want to spend money, they would never put engines on INDIVIDUAL CARS on top of that same issue as those solar panel single cars too, traffic...
Can you bring more stories of anarcocapitalist children doing children stuff i find these so funny to watch :D
Maybe I’m just getting old, but I miss getting excited when someone invented some new, revolutionary thing…. Now, it’s just some techbro reimagining of a perfectly functional thing, like buses or trains
MALÉV God knows where...
I love trains. I love them so much
Lmao why do all of their pod concepts look like futuristic techno bullshit sex toys
5:25 what in the tarnation is this bulgaria-serbia union?!
ETCS is amazing, but for some reason network rail just cannot be asked. Also the UK rail system is even worse than germany, but you dont see it in the stats because lots of trains are secretly cancelled pre the train achually running, meaning it cant be logged as cancelled in the stats.
Optimationmaxxing
Making adam angry about trains is impressive
deep tech? instantly made my heckles raise
Fire train edit!
20th
TECH BRO TRAINS ITS 2024 GIRLIES LETS GOOOO
Have these guys ever heard of the statement “if it ain’t broke don’t fix it?”
I'm so early, I caught the train
Why are Techbros so averse to making things scalable and mass-transit suitable? Is it blatant ignorance of the actual requirements of modern day public transport? Or is it arrogance and a dislike for the lower classes?
160 KM/H == 100 MPH 250 KM/H == 155 MPH
Another day, another attempt to reinvent trains...
Taking credit for the inventions of your betters is the new hotness.
anything with hyper or pod is always a bad sign coming from a tech bro who would've guessed
Dubai, China and KSA: I'll take your entire stock
Another Elon Musk's re-invention of existing stuff, but in worse?
"Over here in the real world..."  let the evisceration begin.
OceanGate design makes me worry!
Holy I'm early, also LOVE YOUR CONTENT!
It was the natural conclusion, eventually in their search for neo futuristic innovation they would reach trains and not understand how they actually work And of course no one informed them of high speed rain which is already about as fast as you need it. They just don't understand there is a max speed at which something can go and still be affordable  And of course it's bloody pods, god forbid we use something as primitive as a wagon. Imagine horrible.  But of course if you sell it to people that have been convinced thet trains don't work, this gets through
TRAAAAIIIIIINS LET'S GOO!!!
High quality content on YouTube still exists
They finally evolved.
i didn't expect a tech bro company from poland, im ashamed
amazing! this train thing looks fantastic omg why didn't we thought about this before
the editing of this broke me 😆
1 of 2: *This is how you always need to vote:* We must fully resist and _always vote_ against (& less authoritarian than) both the Republican *and* Democratic Parties- including all of the squad, Bernie Sanders, Edward Markey, the justice democrats, & all other democrats.  For _all_ public positions. And this same strategy applies against the same one or more party-monopolies in _all_ countries worldwide. Real progressives will never be Democratic Members or Democratic loyalists. Never vote for _any_ Republican member or loyalist either.  You can always _write-in_ an anti-authoritarian person if no candidates for a position fit that bill. This will continuously reduce the power of _all_ authoritarian parties in the party monopolies. Until our task is complete.  Repeat strategy for all new authoritarian parties that emerge.  2 of 2: *This is how you always need to vote:* We must fully resist and _always vote_ against (& less authoritarian than) both the Democratic *and* Republican Parties- including Trump, Vivek Ramaswamy, Rand Paul (He’s _no_ Ron Paul), Warren Davidson, Ron Johnson, and all other Republicans.   For _all_ public positions. And this same strategy applies against the same one or more party-monopolies in _all_ countries worldwide. Real libertarians will never be Republicans or Republican loyalists. Never vote for _any_ Democratic member or loyalist either.  You can always _write-in_ an anti-authoritarian person if no candidates for a position fit that bill. This will continuously reduce the power of _all_ authoritarian parties in the party monopolies. Until our task is complete.  Repeat strategy for all new authoritarian parties that emerge.
I love this channel. It has taught me that Tech Bros are as credible as someone selling amway.
...wait I've seen a Well There's Your Problem about this
Trains
Tech bros make me a tech foe
You mean, they’ve abandoned that narrow tunnel for cars? 😂
They really did it. They evolved backward.
Fantastic, I get to see Adam reoptimize a train into a train.
tfw you pod so hard you accidentally make a train again the third time this week and go "I'm gonna pretend i didn't see that"
goddamn I'm early as shit
eerste
train
I like trains
New Adam Something Video dropped 🗣🗣🗣
i cant believe this, will they invent sliced bread next?
we've come full circle
New Adam ❤
first hehe
First
1st
First
I LOVE YOUR CONTENT.
OPTIMIZATION!
It's always a good day when Adam Something uploads
Sponsored by Ekster 🔥 Go to https://partner.ekster.com/adamsomething  to get the awesome Ekster wallets with up to 40% Father's Day discount. Use code ADAMSOMETHING at checkout to unlock further savings
