I like the 15th doctor
Rip doctor who
Terrible acting.
Simply Splendid !! Loved this, this season will be Great !! 👀💯🕺🌹🔥🎯💎🎩
THIS WAS A BIG DUMPSTER FIRE!
Why isn’t the Tardis blue?
Yes loveeee
I thoroughly enjoyed this episode and I look forward to what this era will hold.
Absolutely brilliant!  I've been a Whovian since 1971 and even though #3 is my Doctor, #15 just zoomed into my Top Five [#3, #11, #10, #15, #13... so far...]!
No, just no.
I apologies becuse my mental health was not good i understanding now thank you doctor you have saved us so many time have been ther for us in a darkest hours you have made life worth liveing for and to help others and inspire people to be kind and all ways helpful in our dark moments we salute you sir and once again ❤❤ are more than one that defends wholle planets and systems and stops the unimaginably destruction  for to be a doctor it to be kind
Really liked the episode!
I like his way of waving goodbye with few fingers like that, yo man!
This is the first ending with then new dr asking to subscribe good bye tennant
Utter s@#t, After all these years, Doctor Who is officially over.
You're not the doctor.
Was there anyone that didn't experience an audio dropout when they were crawling around on the pirate ship? Fortunately it was not plot-critical.
Wow you totally ruined a great franchise
This was like an episode of Dr Who created by people whose only tv programs they've ever watched were Eastenders, X Factor, and The One Show.
This can't be fixed.
Aww he was so great. I mean to see Tennant yes, but him!! Thanks to give me this mysterio feeling back:).
Doctor Who, used to be for Everyone, No matter the race,  gender, or sexuality. Telling amazing adventurous stories across time & space, in a big blue box.  Sadly that's over. "The Message" that has been sweeping through every movie & tv series like cancer, has ruined another beloved series.  Catering only to a select group rather than all people like Dr Who has done for 54 years dying in 2017 w/Peter  Let me state that I did not dislike Jodie as  the Doctor just the misandrous rhetoric & behavior constantly shown beginning the downfall of such a beloved series.
Im black and i dont like this Rubbish and Insanity on steroids. Disny diversity franchise destroyer
You guys killed the immortal Dr Who.
Dr who  is finished what a load of s...   Not watching it any more. Bring back tennant
Well your crap viewing figures for it , sum up public opinion, Dr Who has been ruined.
Just when you think doctor who Get any worse they pull an episode out of their a** this is c***
Brilliant.  I  saw the episode.  In one of the scenes the doctor (Ncuti Gawta sorry if I  spelled that wrong) was wearing a multi color shirt with the patterns of the 4th doctor's scarf.  A lot of Easter eggs , for instance their neighbor said as she looked in the camera :  you never seen a TARDIS before? Makes me wonder is she one of the doctor's Incarnations,  Romana,  the White Guardian? Very interesting.  Great story.  I definitely didn't waste my money with the subscription to Disney Plus.  Thank you. ❤
I think I will like Ruby, I am not sure about the doctor though; after watching the last season of "Sex Ed" that entire series, he is exactly the same and doesn't seem as refreshing to me. for example Capaldi .. he was in Musketeers and then Doctor who; his character did vary some from the show so he morphed unlike Ncuti.. I guess I'll wait and see what the other episodes bring.
Loved the episode !
Leave it to Disney to woke to death one of the most iconic, beloved scifi series of all time. Doctor Who has turned into the Diversity Doctor.
Well, they dissed Martha again.
i honestly do not understand the relevance of the scene of him twirling in a skirt 😂 ncuti looked great - he was hot don't get me wrong - but talk about shoehorning stuff in. I feel like it would have made more sense with captain jack, who's a very free type, but even then I'd be like why is this necessary in this specific show, in this context..
O que há de errado com doctor who , virou só mais uma versão Disney channel , cantam , dançam , e histórias fracas
Just watch this Question: Surely the people on earth know of the doctor even if unit keeps it shush there would be whispers how is it not common knowledge ?
I'll never ask for anything from you guys ever again, the 4th special is my favourite piece of Who media and i can never show enough gratitude for it. ☃️🎄
Absolutely rubbish after watching that live, what a waste of time😢
confidence: check, energy: check but pointing out that he's being gay so strictly necessary?
The doctor wears a skirt while dancing?
honestly he's so great in sex education i can't help but look forward to the insanity
Absolute positivity in this thread for Ncuti! Really looking forward to this afternoon. Need to watch I don’t scoff the turkey too fast
Sooooooo excited!!!!!!!!!
The first 3 Mini Films were good. They just had to change the character again...
BEST CHRISTMAS GIFT EVER!
Stop Woke or Go Broke...
I would like to thank Russel T Davis for pushing me into cancelling my TV licence tax.
The usual BBC  diversity-promoting crap.
This has ruined doctor who , defo won’t be watching it again after this , # stay10thdoctor
He’s gonna be so good, gonna be a great way to start series 1
The world doesn't end because the Doctor dances...
Alright, first impressions of the new doctor and they're really bloody good actually, this is gonna be great; oh I can't wait, allons-y!!!!   =)
It feels like there is life back into doctor who once again
Lillian Gish.
Really too bad they didn't bring more folks back for the anniversary. Remember the 50th? That was amazing. They created a story that actually worked, was fun, and gathered wads of who faves. Then this time we got pure tripe. Still, Merry Xmas :
Well after they destroyed the lore, gave the middle finger to decade long fans, they continue to make the doctor into something he isn't just to bring in new fans. Good for you and I hope you'll enjoy it. But fans of classic and new Doctor Who know this isn't how it is supposed to be. But since they are rebooting it all we can just eliminate this doctor from the past ones. Except Jodie, you can have her.😂
I’m sure Ncuti will be great.   Russel T Davies is a great writer, but he never misses an opportunity to humiliate or degrade “Indian” looking people in his episodes. Look back through doctor who episodes that he’s written. Indian people are wrongly portrayed as a joke, weak, cowardly, unworthy or expendable. This needs to stop. Thank goodness that Stephen Moffet is genuinely equal when it comes to diversity. I do love the new episodes aside from his repetitive prejudice against Indians
Doctor woke
The 15th is a whole new doctor, completely unburdened by his past trauma.
I don’t know about this. Don’t get me wrong, I think it’s going to be amazing, but considering the streak Doctor Who has been on so far, I think most people will criticise it, which they shouldn’t, because that’s what made Doctor Who boring in the first place, not Chibnall’s writing.
Was this Ncuti's first time asking us to click below to subscribe to the official doctor who YouTube channel? Historic moment
Doctor Woke and Sidekick Tinder Fodder. Extra Large Sickbags on Standby, Hopefully bigger on the inside than the outside.
nah this is garbage PC washing. RIP doctor who.
As excited as I am for Ncuti Gatwa's Doctor  (which is to say: very excited), I am even more excited for the new fans, for whom he will be the first Doctor 😊 What a beautiful energy he brings!
yikes
robot comments
just no
Doctor Who 1963 ~ 1989.
This looks so good!!
I love the trailer, I love the vibe, I love the look. But do we HAVE to put gayness/sexuality in EVERYTHING these days? Why???.....
I must admit, I am SOOO glad, we finally have another accent for the Doctor. 😅 All those Northern accents during Chibnall were unbearable....
Ncuti Gatwa energy as the Doctor is juat wow!
This doctor feels kinda pandery and stereotypical of homosexuality to me... He even kinda has that annoying way of speaking that's used to represent homosexuality in media that I hate, and that's saying something considering who I am
Nice a fanfic come to life 🙄. This is why I am rooting for A.I. writing
This new companion can go already: so irritating
🤦🏽‍♂️
uggh, I really hope I don't have to skip another 3 seasons of DW.
Plot Twist: Chris Chibnall was a regeneration of The Master....  He wrote bad scripts to defeat the Doctor.
He definitely possesses the spirit of the Doctor
The only thing I would take away from Ncuti's 15th is the moustache😂 Also I hope this can open the door to Idris Elba being the 16th 😎
So different having a new doctor come in with full powers of thinking instead of a period of adjustment. I'm guessing that's why Russell T Davies wowed us with splitting a new doctor instead of regeneration. The twin doctor effect was needed to finish off the Toymaker. But, is he finished? Remember his rant?
Dr Woke. What a joke!
I was trying to work out what 'vibes' this trailer gives me and I've realised, it reminds me of 'Its a Sin', another series by RTD, especially the colours and laidback theme (in the trailer at least).
The Doctor is literally dancing in a dress and they want to tell us this show hasn't gone totally woke. GET REAL.
🙈🙉🙊
he's a couple thousand years old, having a ball at the club, and rocking that kilt. good for him!
He’s giving like Matt Smith positivity with David Tennant intelligence. I would also say the ninth doctor passion as well.
A new era has finally begun.
I don't know about you, but Ruby reminds me of Rose, and the 15th doctor reminds me of the 9th and 10th/14th doctors with that leather trenchcoat
Doctor Who died with Tennant
Ncuti is giving me all the good vibes already, excited to see him in action.
Rest in peace, Doctor Who. You deserved so much better
WELL THAT'S ALRIGHT THEN!
0:38 and with that Tennant officialy passes the baton...again
I swear to god, if there are ANY sexuality references, i will be complaining. Dr Who IS NOT THE PLACE. I've loved this show since i was 4, so if it gets ruined now i know theres an agenda. Dr who is cancelled.
I don't know man this Doctor is too happy and flirty. It's not something I'm used to.
Ha.....Gaaaaaaaaaaaaay
let's goooooooooooooooooo
My favourite part was when the dr says"im all the jedi!" Then gymnastics kicks the velociraptor. Truly stunning and brave
Can't wait to see the Christmas special. Going to be fun with Ncuti Gatwa as the Doctor.
The Doctor just clicks with a woman just instantly doesn’t he?
Oh God NO this looks awful!
Already love Ncuti ❤
I thought itc was Johnson from Peep Show for a moment!
🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
The goblins look so funny
I really like the first Doctor Who special, I need to watch the other 2 in time for the Christmas special. The new Doctor looks very fun, I can tell Ncuti will be fun as the new Doctor, I can sense he’s bringing a new energy into the role
Ruined. Doctor who has gone down the drain with their woke agendas.
Watching this.
If it originally aired on November 23, how is December 25 of any significance? And seriously, Mel?
I’m still not gonna watch unless I’m told the writing is good and no pandering. I want a normal show that is loved for what it is dammit.
I am really looking forward to this. It looks like we are getting a really fun time. Also absolutely rocking that kilt.
White characters are being ethnically replaced
Go Woke, Go Broke
I absolutely adore him. I am always so sad when he regenerates, but not this time. David git a real ending and Ncuti is brilliant. Im so excited.
I still can't get over donna and her daughter saying tennant wouldn't understand because hes not a women anymore... Hope thats not the future writing thats to be expected because so far im getting into it but that whole scene threw it off course episode 3 put it back in place tho fantastic episode   As for this new face feels very eccleston like and im here for it
The mistake they made with the female Doctor was she was just a clone of the other Doctor's.
Why should fans care about this doctor when David Tennant Doctor is alive? I rather see more of the tenant now than this Doctor.
15 gives me 9th Doctor vibes, just by how playful he starts out and how much he smiles, he also has a leather jacket just like the 9th Doctor, just with a different color and style, he's gonna be amazing already 😄
I was so excited when in the episode "the giggle" in the end there was a sign "destination: Christmas", i thought that 15 would go to the planet Christmas where Matt Smith died, but sadly it meant another thing
Man some people are going to be extremely mad and that’s part of the fun😂😂😂😂😂😂
He's so charming.🤭
well this looks awful. great job ruining the Doctor.
I have never watched Doctor Who, but I might give it another try....
You could ask me what profession is that grown man twirling around in a dress, and in a million years I wouldn’t have guessed doctor.
So excited for the future of dr who with both of them. ❤❤
new Doctor is full of energy.
I love that the Doctor has been well-received in a variety of colors.  If only 13 had been likewise welcomed.
Why is he wearing a dress 💀
Doctor Who is over. The series ended with Capaldi. I don't know what this trash is.
Oh are they (BBC) scrapping the barrel lately 😅
“Time travelers are great”  Ok, um, yeah
He feels a bit like Eccleston.
He's officially the Doctor now if he's telling me to subscribe
Lol wow I'm getting such doctor vibe off this guy lol another franchise gone woke!guess what comes next
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO EXCITED IN MY ENTIRE LIFE
DoA.
Ah, a black doctor in a skirt. I see the MeSSAge is still strong.
This show is beyond dead.
I... I don't... ugh... I'm just done man.
#NotMyDoctor #DoctorHealThyself - Funny how it’s Goblins and not Trolls! 🤨
For me doctor who is endend with clara owsold death
I almost choked when Ncuti said "push!".
please i'm begging you, change that sonic screwdriver to an actual screwdriver again
I really wish the Doctor would give me a Goblin for Christmas 😂
The start instantly throws me off, ahem. I stopped enjoying the show after series 9, and it seems it'll stay thay way. :/   I clearly misjudged Gatwa's voice- it doesn't sound as bad as in that other show them a main character in.
Same here, Who the fack are you?
Wow I already hate it. Doctor Who used to be for everyone, this seems to only aim at the woke.
Not-that-nice epitaph I would say. RIP Doctor, RIP Disney stocks.
I'm going to start ignoring people who say "rip doctor who" or "doctor who is dead" because they always say that now they say it 3 years ago they said it 6 years ago they said it 9 years ago they said it 10 years ago they said it  also, they're a vocal minority  doctor who isn't dead  sure the viewing numbers are lower than what they were in 2010-2013 but that's when doctor who was thriving
You just know, the 15th and Captain Jack would have a hell of a time together
Lots of people saying "This looks awful" in the comments. Very telling that literally none of them are saying why they think that.
Absolute garbage
Definitely deleting negative comments
RIP Dr. Who
Looks good
This looks like crap.
So he has teeth like the fourth doctor but not the curls.
Ive probably watched this trailer 20 times. Cant wait for christmas
anybody else is gaydar shatter taking a look at this guy...
F
All these companies pandering to viewers does nothing other than drive your core fans away.
the doctor is in full swing at the ballad 🫢!
I hate his coat. It looks like something an action figure would wear, not a person. Way too shiny and plastic-like.
Man I miss the 9th Doctor.  Seeing the 15th Doctor spinning in a kilt in a club does not feel right to the character.
RIP Doctor Who.
Hopeful Ncuti's Doctor isn't like too many previous Doctors and afraid to wear various clothes.
Hopefully with Ncuti as the Doctor,  Doctor Who can start depicting more areas of the world and not just Britain and the USA. The one positive side to the 13th Doctor was her trip to India.
Would like to see a special with current dr who and Paul McGann
He definitely still got that Ken-ergy from "Barbie"
No time wasting because she/he had forgotten their name. No lying down and recovering from regeneration. Just jump straight into the action and become the new face of the Doctor and do it all without trousers on. Good start
Eh, I kinda got the message when they ended a 15 year tragedy in doctor who's story by saying " it was only sad because you are a man and men are stupid"  Like, do they not know that young boys watch this show? What are they supposed to think when there is a message from one of their heroes that calls them an idiot on the grounds of their gender identity.  I really wanted to support this show but I think the message is clear: this show isn't for me anymore.
Can’t wait to see this show Bonb more
So the 60th anniversary " specials " are over & out of all three episodes, there was one thing. Only one that was actually decent & that Neil Patrick Harris's take & performance as the Toymaker. He without a doubt knocked it right out of the park & if he was to return as the Toymaker no problems. 👍🏻    As for everything else, I mean..... Peachy, filed with identity politics. They couldn't have 1 episode just 1 were it felt like the old doctor who. As for the " Bi-generation " what in the world?!?!? So technically the 15th doctor isn't the 15th doctor HE is a clone pretending to be the doctor. The real 15th incarnation of the doctor will regenerate off screen somewhere.... I prefer the old regeneration style is without question as it is the best. Russell T Davis has proven in the past he can write & create such great episodes & seasons of Doctor Who. Sadly however the current Russell is more interested in filling each episodes with " The Message " instead of telling or creating a story.    And with certain characters like the 14th doctor has to belittle him at every opportunity he gets & that's sad. Because the 10th doctor is the most popular incarnation & to have him return just so the show writer & other characters put him down repeatedly...... Why? & One wonders why so many people are now walking away. And I find it extremely strange that the show runner & all those making decisions behind the screens wants the old audience to return & when we do, only for them to shove identity politics in our faces & state " if you don't like it then leave " so we leave & when the show fails oh!! It's our fault. Wait I thought you said we can leave if we wanted ???? So which is it? 🤷🏻😂    The doctor who 60th anniversary " specials " ratings are dropping from episode 1 having a rating of 5.08 million for them 2 weeks later & 3 episodes in to now 4.63 million that's 10% of the audience to leave in a space of two weeks.. TWO WEEKS ?!!!! some would say & have done ratings are meaningless & that's fine, if that's your mentality perfectly fine to have. But consider this, franchises wither it's doctor who, Star Trek, Star Wars & etc need an audience and need audience to continue consuming their products. Without an audience your ratings go down & when ratings go down, your product or products is slowly losing its worth. Ratings tell the show runner, director etc that people like or dislike what you put out.    And when individuals like current day Russell T Davis, Chris Chibnall & etc keep alienating their audience telling them to either get on board or get lost don't be surprised when people will do just that, so don't be surprised when your products starts losing it's worth & at some point have to shut down. Back in 1989 Doctor Who was actually cancelled..... ( SUPRISE !!! ) why? Because the ratings/ viewership was on a massive decline & guess what????    It's happening again, the ratings are dropping quicker then new audience are coming in so don't be surprised when the show at some point will stop & maybe just maybe for good this time round. In a space of 6 years both Chris Chibnall & current day Russell T Davis, has managed to undo 60 years of one, if not THEEE most well loved, longest running, fun loving family show all the sake of identity politics. And it's another example why TV series, movies or any form of media should stay away from politics & leave politics to politicianers & just make a good TV series but no ......    I love doctor who & have done for years & it's so sad to see it in the state as it is now, shell of its former self. The damage is done & it's time to end it, not because I want it to & nor anyone else that actually loves the series but because of them damage that has been done to both the doctor & lore itself & that is a real shame because dispite being as old as it is it could have gone on for another 60 years who knows, but sadly I don't see it lasting more than 5 years maybe more to say the least.
I hope the next doctor is transgender 🌈🌈🌈❤❤ I love it when conservative people are mad and say Doctor Who is woke and such nonsense.
Honestly don't get why there's so many angry fans. I genuinely enjoyed the 60th anniversary specials. I was a bit iffy about the bi generation but it's grown on me considering back 60 years ago and the doctor regenerated for the first time that was a completely new concept at the time so honestly some fresh prospectives I'm happy to see. They only other issues are it's bringing political agendas into it and I don't like that. I just want to watch a good show that takes me away from reality for an hour. Not have current affairs added into the story background.
This...looks awful.
Several years ago I went to a party store and they had an area were they sold costumes and in the costume area there was a full size cardboard TARDIS that had do not touch signs on it. I was very EXCITED when I saw the Tardis standing there. I was. like OMG this is the closest I'll probably ever get to one. I had someone take a picture as it look like I was going to open the door to the TARDIS
I just wish he didn’t act like he’s established and so sure of himself when speaking to the doctor. Also why after that many years of living would the Doctor simply settle down? Even when he’s done it in the past it’s temporary and he knows that from the start. Instead of post regen high
Once a cult series, now unfortunately it has become another propaganda tube. Crammed everywhere in the show. This is no longer political correctness, it is a sick Disney obsession. Fortunately, Disney's financial results speak for themselves, people don't want to force it! Either Disney wakes up on time or it will collapse on its own accord.
Well the 60 anniversary special is over. Three episodes with absolutely nothing & a completely different type of regeneration as well, which completely throws 60 years of Doctor who lore even further.    I thought the timeless children was bad, this is now, not only worse but unwatchable as well. The 15th doctor isn't the 15th doctor he is a clone the real 15th doctor will regenerate off screen somewhere. I thought which Chris Chibnall did was bad, but what Russell T Davis is doing with doctor who & the Lore of doctor is nothing short of an insult for everything that was built 60+ years ago.    But what Chris Chibnall & Russell T Davis has done something that the Daleks has failed to it is completely ruin one of the most iconic characters in TV history all for the sake of identity politics.    R.I.P.DoctorWho.
This looks dumb.
Dr Who, sad to see a great show become the next mouth piece for The Message, and they cant even leave well enough alone, they have to spend all their time looking back and degrading those that came before.
I wonder why 99% of comments are from bots.
this looks terrible
Ok, I’m 51 years old and loved Dr Who all my life and I couldn’t be more happy with Russell’s new take, it says a kind goodbye to a familar face and that face’s history and a new hello to a new direction and remember my age, remember my fondness and I get it, it’s only love from Mr Davis, it’s an expression he has always wanted to make, it’s not to offend or incite or annoy, it’s to pass the baton, to express true art and most important, Ncuti is a new direction and he is a fantastic actor and packed more acting into their limited screen time than I have seen for a long, long time :) Thank you.
a ship of ugly grey Yoda's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No offense im sure that guy is great, but david tennant should permanently be the doctor
He doesn't at all feel like the Doctor. I hope he gets better when given the time to shine, but I really don't have high hopes
Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson are gonna smash it as the Doctor and Ruby.  Can't wait for Christmas and Series 14. 💙💙
A new generation of Doctor Who! Letsss goooo!
You can tell Ncuti will be a good doctor 😂
from just this trailer... i don't like it. It just kinda felt.. wrong. not really like the Doctor.. but I guess I'll have to wait for Christmas to know for sure 😅   Also, I think this is the first time I've been around/in the fandom for a new Doctor (like the entire cycle including guessing who it could be and getting the news and everything, I was already around to see the Fandoms reaction to Jodie, but not when Capaldi left), so this is the first time I'm REALLY feeling the typical "new Doctor cycle of hate/love" in effect :D   I always try to imagine a new Doctor (or just generally while rewatching) as another one. So like, watch exactly what Matt is doing, but imagine it was David and see if it still fit. Something like this, to kind of compare that even though every regeneration is a different Doctor, they're still all the Doctor. Seeing that thread through all regenerations and from ONLY what I've seen now, this didn't feel like the Doctor.  And I explained that way too long xD
I watched this trailer and saw a skirt could attract a pretty blonde. So I went to the club in a skirt. The trailer lied. I only caught the attention of a few men
dumb
Looks like an incredibly large pile of utter crap.
Dr Woke
This is actually taking me back to ninth doctor energy ❤ It feels fresh again
Two doctors roaming the universe, double trouble.
Awful doctor. Hard pass. Too smug.
2.5% of people who watched liked this.
R.I.P. to this great show. Go woke Go broke!
Love the trailer and looking forward to this episode on xmas day!
Wow thanks for the oportunity to watch it early! can't wait for others to watch it.
I think it is cool that his version seems to have a lot more confidence, happier, amd really enjoys being the doctor. He isn't this dark brooding person
I will say I am not a fan of the new sonic screwdriver, just doesn't fit right for me but i guess i'll have to get use to that. overall excited to see his take as the new doctor place.
River Song would be so disappointed... SPOILERS...
The actor is great. I am sold with him and can't wait to see more of him...
Ncuti is, seriously, my favorite Doctor since Tennant. Nothing against the others, but the man has a real joy playing the part...
I think he is going be my next favorite doctor . He honestly seems awesome to me .❤
A unique British franchise offered up to Disney as another globalized product to be turned into fanfic.
Nice to meet you, Doctor  😁
Capaldi is my favorite doctor for the Gravitas and manic energy he had. I feel like i will love Ncuti for nearly opposite reasons. I love the fun and wonder he is bringing so far
im still on the fence about ncuti, simply because his sonic screwdriver looks like a bargain bin universal remote thats shaped like an insole
I've never been more excited fot doctor who in years can't wait for thid
Really hoping we saw a setup for a Tenant spinoff this weekend AND really looks like Ncuti is having a blast as the 15th, can’t wait to see what he does as the Doctor
HELL YEAH! GOBLINS! I love goblins
About half way through the trailer I realized that Ncuti was gonna be reading the end card for the first time and got excited 😅
I’m excited for this
His version of the Doctor seems actually joyful and not just manic. It makes me so excited to see more.
YAAAASSSSS ❤
I love the new Doctor! He's so wonderfully mad!😆
I love that club outfit, and him clubbing, living his best life.
The bi-generation was one of the greatest moments in doctor who history personally I loved every moment of the episode it was brilliant
I’m pissed this is not a stand alone series! I don’t feel like spending money on an overpriced streaming service for a few episodes! What a business rip off
I was just wondering if... Now that there are two extant Doctors and two extant TARDIS', does this now open the possibility of 14 somehow, in the future, becoming the 'Renegade' Doctor, who has to bury their TARDIS? Not a rabbit hole I really want to go down, but the duplicate TARDIS would explain the appearance of the buried one.
Christmas ruined.
It's hard to tell from a short trailer but it looks like this is influenced by Enid Blyton - The Magic Faraway Tree..... 🤔
iconic, i fear
Lol he’s wearing a scottish kilt at a nightclub?
For me having watched the specials and seen the Bi-Generation occur I felt more comfortable with this then Jodie Whittaker and Chibnall. I think she was a good Doctor but not in the best storytelling because I saw her on Broadchurch with Tennant and thought they were great. What I liked about the Bi-Generation was it was almost like, to use an analogy, a snake shedding its skin. The 15th Doctor didn't not acknowledge his past history. He even said as much to his prior incarnation with everything they went thru with Logopolis, The Time War, and losing Sarah Jane. The Doctor (both of them) felt and remembered those things and that's why our new 15th was saying to his prior self you/we have earned a rest and a chance to do something in all your 2000 plus years we've never done which is enjoy life and take a moment to appreciate it and this earned peace. While I go forth not ignorant of our past but acknowledging it and not burdened by it and ready for the adventures that are to be had, journeys that await, and the many places to go and see. That's always been a part the Doctor's journey. The future of the Doctor is here and here's to the 15th Doctor, the challenges he will face, the adventures he will have, and the fun that is to come👍. Thats why from this preview he, just from the looks of it, is ready for the challenge and isn't afraid to have some fun. And FYI its a kilt he's wearing while dancing and The Doctor has danced before doing the giraffe dance at Amy Pond's wedding in his 11th incarnation.
Someones deleting comments it looks like...
I want Gatwa to smile at me like that.
No, no, you’re not ‘The Doctor’, after the bi-generation you’ll only ever be ‘A Doctor’. Yep, “Time travellers are great” but now you’re no longer a Timelord— you’re just another time traveller, like Marty McFly, Bill and Ted, The Terminator, Sam Beckett, and Captain Jack Harkness—no longer singular…twice diluted, commonplace. Who are you? Really? Who are you anymore?
A flying wooden ship with goblins seems more fantasy than sci fi.
Ok the trailer looks good.  Can't wait for Christmas special
It looks terrible
I love his smile!
Every one is going on about pants vs underpants and woke vs non-woke.  I am just glad that DW is on Disney now.  Tom Baker will always be my Doctor, but I love each and every incarnation.  I don't give a rip about the words for items of clothing,  or genders or sexuality, as long as I get exciting space and time faring adventures, quirky costumes and dialogue, and new bizarre villians and the return of old villians with new faces.  Oh, I am still salty about Adric's death.
As with every other Doctor I’ve watched (I started with 3), I’m willing to give the new guy a chance, as long as Eric Roberts doesn’t come back as the Master! 😝
the new outro! hurray for ncuti! :D
Man, after that little sneak peek with Gatwa, I’m more excited than ever to see his first full episode.
This trailer makes me feel like the coolest person in the world for being a Doctor Who fan!
"Time travelers are great. Like wow."  What inspired dialog, what riveting delivery! Exactly what we expect to see offered to "the modern audience".
... Goblins ?
I wish him the best, but I'm not sticking around to find out. I miss when Russel T Davies used to write the show. Yes it was always progressive, but he clearly now believes in equity over equality and that you need to push people down to bring others up. It's misguided and a shame.  Shows like this keep me in the closet more than any hater ever did.
I'm quite excited for this new era of Who!
Nope,  RIP Doctor Who.
I was very very skeptic when the  15th Doctor was announced, but this one has such a range in Acting chops. And seemed so happy. What a refreshing take on Doctor Who.
Fell in love with Ncuti with his performance in _Sex Education_ and I remember jumping out of my seat when he was announced for Fifteen. I keep rewatching this trailer over and over again. Christmas can’t come soon enough!!!
I'm assuming that these goblins are related to folklore rather than being aliens?
Lol all the bots here, it’s all a farce
Wrecking it for THE MESSAGE, screw RTD and this freak
Still can’t believe the new Doctor was in no pants! Then also hammered the TARDIS to have another one then apologizes to her. So sweet! Can’t wait till we see this episode!
This looks so gay.
I am LOVING Ncuti's energy! LOVING IT!!!
ah yes doctor who & doctor two
#BRILLIANT I'm forever a Tennant fan, but I am SOOOOO excited for this new season, and new Doctor!!!
Naaaaah
That is stupid, few established fans are going to watch it.
Don't know how I feel about the new screwdriver, but this looks like it's going to be rather enjoyable to watch go down.
Amei que ele é um doctor totalmente livre, deixou todo o peso e tristeza com o 14.
O Doutor a dançar de kilt, por favor, QUEREMOS UM VÍDEO DE 10 HORAS DO DOUTOR A DANÇAR DE KILT! 💙💙
FYI the comments have been astroturfed. 95% of the top comments are from bots, liked by bots, in the employ of the BBC.
The bigeneration idea is great.  Now if a particular Doctor Who actor is being troublesome they can remind him that they have David Tennant on speed dial.
Hmmm Disney money. God help us
I want to want this. But the CG just looks so terrible. I loved Ncuti in the Giggle, and am very much looking forward to him as the Doctor. But the CG in this looks so horrible...
Am i the only one who thinks that these 3 special episodes with David Tennant were too soft? Personally i feel like the show has lost the drama and the sorrow that it used to give. I am not a sad person, i like happy endings but not too happy. Anyway i hope it gets better again.
You dr who fanatics are why this show is dying, you just accept the slope placed in front of you with a smile. Did you learn nothing from the 60th special.
The beginning seems more like a teen series like Sex Education, but it's interesting to see the Doctor stop to have fun. It seems like he never even has time to breathe properly, apart from the times he has to disguise himself for a while. And the stairs reminded me a lot of Rose episodes.
we
I loved Ncuti so so SO much in Sex Education, I'm beyond excited to see his doctor! I already love the little taste we got. He has a really amazing career ahead of him <3
The funniest thing is how easy it is to spot the bots, the fake Whovians, and the closet bigots who now have their masks off. Anyone complaining about the show suddenly becoming too "woke" has either never watched Doctor Who, has zero media literacy, or just wants to complain about something not being about straight white men anymore. I wonder if any of them even realise that if the Doctor was real, it's people like them that the Doctor would be fighting against.
David Tenant is the best always....But Ncuti is also too good..But Bring back the dalek and cyber men.
I can't wait it's so exciting
🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️...and that's what it takes to capture the fleeting attention span of today's generation for tv & movies...Disney's backing for special effects [ that hasn't helped their projects lately], and "Doctor Who " doing all the weird & hip woke things that dominate young people's lives.   What a freaking disgrace!
Absolutely love the angle of Nctui’s Doctor shedding his trauma and trying to rediscover himself. If they do this well and tastefully, it could be one of the greatest mental health stories done by the BBC yet.
so excited for this ENERGY baby!!!!
Looks fun to watch
both david tennant doctors are now just Living Domestic Life i cant believe we adored him so much we made him do that TWICE
Is it also coming to Disney +? I can't wait to see more of our new Doctor. 😊
Scar at the right eye, scar in the right eyebrow... what a pair ;)
WTAF?! Nooope!
All the people saying this looks rubbish are botty sheep who have nothing better to do but whine about something good and nitpick at someone’s race, sexuality or anything to do w them  I personally am all here for this !! Love it and will be watching
After how bad 60th specials were received with the over the top messaging, i fell sorry Ncuti as RTD doubled down on chibnall and killed the show for the returning fans. it was made very clear it not made for you and from interviews RTD made very clear that he was going away from doctor who cannon and creating something completely different for a modern viewers not classic who fan.
He certainly does a lot of swinging.
So Dr. Who no longer has a UK accent of any kind?   Can't wait for the Southern American Dr. Who, ya'll.    It is fun watching you run your show into the ground with the same ruthless efficiency that a hyena strips a dead animal of its skin and bones.
Ok but why he dancing in a dress?
It's about the long coat. Always a long coat, mostly.
So... He's wearing a kilt in the morning shot, which is a nice nod to his Scottish heritage...  I love that shot of him jumping the chimney (with the tails of his long, leather jacket flapping dramatically behind him) and the cheeky "Hiya" that sets off the goblins, cracked me up!
What a disappointment, literally looks as bad as Disney star wars is, wonder why they change or start over when something is perfect? Guess i should've expected this from BBC.
I'm sure he'll be great, but I don't like the direction the show is going, it's too soft
AAHHHHH IM SO EXCITED
Ncuti has the best smile 😍.  Something about it makes me smile so much ❤😊🎉.
I love the fact that like Chibnall RTD threw history out the window when it comes to the doctor's origin. BUT he did with the perfect writing. If only Chibnall had better writers.
At this point I'm convinced that the showrunners want the show dead and buried ad infinitum. Just utter garbage.
Doctor woke 🤦🏻‍♂️
I hope he has some serious episodes not all fun and games, bring back the silence and the vampires in venice aliens
Christmas day cant come fast enough, this looks amazing, welcome 15
Looks exciting
Dies from cringe.
What is this woke slop?
At long last, welcome Ncuti!!!  His doctor looks fantastic.  I am going to really miss Jodie, but she has moved on now and it's time to give Ncuti a chance.  He looks brilliant.  Dynamic, exciting, energetic and refreshing.  The future is looking good for Dr Who here.  Funny thing is, this will be the first Dr Who festive special I will want to see, because Jodie never did any, only New Year specials.  Welcome indeed Ncuti.
There's something so awesome about that final 'Who are you?!' and the Doctor only responding with a little grin, as if to say 'well, it's kind of a long story...' xD
R.I.P DOCTOR WHO   HELLO DOCTOR WOKE
Dr Who's on road blud.
Absolute woke garbage
it gives me queer vibes, I don't like it it doesn't feel like Doctor anymore
still a better actor than the last girl, and she did was copy.
Pirate goblins in a christmas special?
I can see Ncuti being a very enigmatic Doctor. Alot in the vein of Matt Smith but with his own quirks and autonomy as the Doctor.
I have a feeling The Rani will show up in the new season.
I am soooo excited 🎉🎉🎉
Sweet! A parody!
Why do people not understand that the Bi-Rigeneration thing was due to the myth/reality fact? Something happened to reality due to what happened on Wild Blue Yonder to reality itself. That's why he bigenerated.
Nah
2 doctors did we see the 2 doktors agai?
Why is dr who so goofy and cringy these days damn
Nah wth😭
Unfortunately he was the only real thing I disliked about the special. Might skip Christmas and wait until his first "standard" episode, see how he is one his personality is firmed up.
Why is he SO. HOT.
The acting looks so horrible, his fake laugh even annoying, That is not Doctor who, just by seeing this trailer I know Doctor who is dead and now I am no longer a fan of anything after Matt Smith, The last Great Doctor, the one that came after him was a great actor and he did have a few great episodes, but towards the end you could tell writing had gone down hill, it became a political message show first, nothing more proved that than the Timeless child, the worst doctor who ever
Gotta say, I WAS NOT expecting Ncuti Gatwa to arrive the way he did but WHAT an arrival! He NAILED it as the 15th Doctor straightaway. I’m all the more excited for his first series now.  Also pleased that David and Catherine got a happy send-off this time. Thank you, guys! And welcome aboard, Ncuti! 🫡
My body is ready
For anyone wondering why 15 wasn't wearing pants/trousers (depending on what you call them), as he's a split regeneration, so is his costume. You'll notice he's wearing shoes, a shirt and tie and 14 isn't wearing any of them anymore :)
Ha! 😀
The doctor in a skirt. Yeah burn the whole show down please
"Who are you?" Lady, he's still figuring that out! LOL
Omggg excited!
This show reminds me of a dirty bum and no hot water
This was awesome!!
Can’t wait
After what happened to 13 and 14, 15 should definitely stay away from lasers.
🇧🇷Bora lá.
"The Church on Ruby Road"... Get it, because the companion is named Ruby Sunday, and people go to church on Sunday...  I've said it before and I'll say it again: Ruby Sunday is a character name that sounds like a Bond Girl. And given that Millie Gibson is like 19, I feel uncomfortable with that. The episode name implying that you "go to her" is also not helping.
Ncuti, welcome to the Whoniverse, I am looking forward to your series with great anticipation
from 0:08 you can see him keep eye contact with the lady on the ladder while he parkours over chimneys   its a good showcase of physical charisma and confidence to the person on the ladder that the doctor is only focused on them
Feeling A little bit of Matt Smith and Christopher Eccleston vibe. A doctor who is not feeling guilty of everything, a charming doctor, a lighter one. She was a woman who gave birth of twins.
He just said it. He's the doctor.
Can't wait ❤❤
That transformation was a bit weak. Of all the regenerations doctor who has done this was the least exciting. I was excited to see how they do it but it was just bland. It just happens I dunno it wasn’t a moment like the rest. No speech nothing . I don’t want to go was the best stuff doctor who has done. I like the new guy though
Man, I feel it in my bones that he is the Doctor...but I can see it in his soul that he knows that he is. What a casting
Looks like Hollyweird outdone it self with this woke Trainwreck
Let's see if all the people praising this actually stick around to watch the whole season.  Or will it be just like the Jodie era of continued falling ratings 😂
Memories of Clara on Christmas Day going up to the TARDIS through the clouds anyone?
This music feels like assassin's creed.
Mr. Steal yo Tardis* about to steal yo companion , *technically cloned
💩
Can’t wait to see this pirate goblin adventure!! Wowww! Looks super amazingly cool
♥️✨
So excited for the Christmas Special!!!! NCtui became the doctor, 14 goes to therapy and gets his reward, NCuti gets his reward, and we as the audience following new who.. we get our reward...  ...and its Fantastic! ;)
Okay j'adorais Le 12th a eu des lunettes -- pourquoi ne pas avoir our Totally Spies one ?  J'ai hâte de voir la suite je suis sur à 100% que ce sera top
It genuinely feels like the show itself has 'regenerated' in the best way. I've never seen 'Classic Who' but 'NewWho' now feels so it's become a new era unto itself.
And then there were 3! The 10th, the split 14th and  the "human" Doctor who is living in the other dimension with Rose. Tennant times THREE! No wonder he's the favorite (After Tom Baker that is!)
I did not enjoy most of the 60th. But I am however hopeful for the future, as I am excited to find out who the Toymaker was scared to play against. Who is most likely the Meeps boss. And a new Doctor is always exciting.
I LOVE HIM
I don’t know!  Ncuti looks good, excitement for the show!  But,  they have to fix the two doctors problem!  Is David gone???  Or??? What????  Have the younger doctor save the older one, but does it regenerate into Matt??????!?!??????!!!!!?!)??!?!?!?!
"The Doctor dances" is old news, now The Doctor SLAYS
He is the new doctor?
Man's first destination after splitting was to a night club in his new face. What a legend.
Could you please stop blaming Disney for turning the show into a 'woke agenda'? As far as I know, the show has been heading in that direction for many years; it's simply the intention of the BBC and the showrunners. It's not the fault of the evil and cruel Disney company. Besides, if you compare Disney to, say, Netflix or HBO, Disney is definitely the least progressive of all the companies. So I don't understand this narrative at all. Yes, it might be more noticeable at Disney because they have always focused on families and children (which is no longer true), but in the end they still hold back a lot. But I guess it's cool to point the finger at Disney and pretend that they're responsible for all of humanity's problems.
HE SAID IT  HE SAID THE LINE  DON'T FORGET TO CLICK BELOW!!!!!!
Having seen his useless performance in the giggle, this is on course to be the worst episode in the shows history.
So for the trauma from 9- 14, 14ths gonna do the healing and then come back at some point and merge back with 15th. That kinda shows why 15th is care free and happy.
Looks unique. Looking forward to watching. I loved the specials, except when the lady in the wheelchair kept making the Doctor look dumb. Really didn’t need that writing tbh. I think the new doctor and companion seem like perfect matches for the new seasons.
I am so happy for the 14th Doctor that he can settle down and live a happy live instead of always running. But at the same time the 15th Doctor keeps on adventuring. I must admit that Bi-Generation is a mind-blowing move, having two Doctors exist in the same time and space but I guess it´s a similar case with the Meta-Crisis-Doctor, only this time the Doctors have different faces. Overall it feels like a whole new beginning as the Doctor literally lets his past behind him, knowing their former self is in good hands.
This is the worst Doctor Who EVER!
I am so excited to see ncuti rock this thing. I've no doubt he's going to be one of my favorite doctors ever and between his intro in the giggle and this trailer I am super amped up!
I don't think this episode will be any good, but I am so excited to see 15 and Ruby, I am actually more excited for Ruby than I was expecting, though I am hoping so much to see a proper companion out of time like Jamie McCrimmon again at some point down the line.
The 15th Doctor kinda reminds me of the 3rd Doctor with the fun of the 11th Doctor, but with a new spin.
David has is own tardis and has settled down with his family. He will return in one offs or specials when he is needed good move on the writers to bring the most beloved doctor into frame for returning on a whim
Loved what ive seen of 15 so far, a truely different take on the doctor as each regeneration should be.
This looks like so much fun, his charisma is off the chart!
While it looks like the adventures with this Doctor will be fun (I mean actual goblins in Doctor Who? Brilliant) But I feel it pocesses an undertone that I don't like. Why is he in a skirt in the first 6 seconds of the trailer? Are they flaunting that he's gay or something?
sooo bad, a gay doctor that doesn't fit the role of the doctor... and he has no talent!
3 out of 4 "Don't forget to click beloe..." are Scottish.
Ruined, this was done in the most forced way possible.
Yaaaay Ncuti’s finally got his spot at the end telling us to subscribe 😍 I’ve got such a good feeling about his doctor!
So many fake comments praising this piece of gay crap
DONT FORGET TO CLICK BELOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sooo the 14th is gonna be more like a action doctor?
Doctor Woke? Is this a ripoff of Doctor Who?
Your not officially the doctor until you say "Don't forget to subscribe to the official doctor who YouTube channel"
You didn't mention goblins immediately, I blacked out, dreamt of goblins, dead goblins, it was a good dream, who are you  Goblin slayer abridged  All I can think of, I ain't taking RUSSELL seriously
Wow... Looks crap!
I swear to god if this new series has more of “the message”, I’m turning off completely. I want to watch DW not an adult drag show.
No one mentioned that he didn’t have any trousers which is unusual because younger Donna would’ve totally teased him😭
You lot are all sheep
The Doctor in a kilt... on the dance floor... in a club. _I LOVE IT_  I can't wait until Christmas to see Ncuti proper! ❤
I know this might be a bit controversial to say, but I hope the new doctor won't act too camp or gay. I'll probably stop watching.
Can't wait to see 15th in action.  I love his entrance :)
Narcissist
Doctor who is dead 😢
I’ve already liked it ❤
I hope I can become the next doctor after him 🙏 🏆
So basically 14 gets a break until he eventually turns into 15 and gets warped back in time
Is it just me, or is Gatwa sexy as hell?  I'm starting to question my sexuality over here.
i can't wait Ncuti's 15th doctor!!!! act in 60th is amazing!!!
Hey BBC, release 'Torchwood: Absent Friends'
Wowwww This looks soooo cool!! Can’t wait to see this!! Sooooo curious
well. he is decent as the doctor. but still the least believable out alk the revival show doctors.
Hope theres an episode where this doctor slips and falls into an active volcano.
Eh, digging 15 but I can't get past the bi-generation stuff. I was waiting for that hug at the end for 15 to absorb 14.  With the meta-crisis clone, you left him in an alternate universe. What are you going to do with 14 now? How long till he pops off with his TARDIS? Will his 15 be the same as this 15?  They also never explained why 13's regeneration regenerated the clothes. I was hoping that would have been explained. I'd love if they tied the 14/15 split somehow into the time the Master took over 13. Maybe 14 ends up growing into a Master/Doctor hybrid with his state of mind, maybe even becomes a villain at some point.
With only a few minutes of screentime I am already in love with this Doctor.
I really like the way he twirled and shouted: The Ring is not in Gondor!
HE SAID THE THINGGGG
Well… He’s certainly Gay. Eh at least it will be good woke repellent.  Rose: You can’t assume that is a man 15: Honey I am black and gay. Get that Woke Karen biz outta here.
I just looked him up a bit more. I watched him in Sex Education but I had no idea he's Scottish, how many Scottish doctors does that make now? Three in New Who at least.
Wow. Ncuti is gonna be a power-house of the Doctor. 15 minutes of TV & one trailer, and he's sold me that he IS the Doctor
Such a great doctor and such a great final special. I cant wait for the new series!
... someone tell me what the hell is going on here?
Wait Eric from the Sex Ed!?
Okay… when this „HiYa“ his new greeting/geronimo/allyonso is… then my daughter will LOVE it because she say it… every…single day!! 😜 and until now she won‘t look it and I don‘t know why.. but maybe now 😅.
I love how its mainly children who actually like the way who has gone. If you follow any of the older seasons you will see where writers have literally gone against their own lore numerous times to spread "the message",
When Ruby says "Who are you" if you notice the Tardis isn't Orange like what he did in The Giggle, maybe he will change the color at Some points?
Lol
OMG. This is so nuts! Its been quite a while since we've seen the Doctor in a nightclub (Hartnell was the last I think), so this is joyous!
A fresh coat of paint and a young, energetic Doctor. This is going to be great. This show always finds new ways to scare and entertain.
The worst season and special of all time. Woke and no imagination. Sad that a long and good serie continuos like this. U can put homosexual and trans, but why like this? Why? England, I never like u, but now I hate u.
To those who claim "Doctor Who is Dead Now" then Go find a different show, No one will miss you!
The doctor dancing in a club wearing a kilt... Not for me. RIP Doctor Who
I love the "You're beautiful."  Followed by the "You mean still beautiful.." 😅😅😅
This gives me 9th and Rose vibes
Awful. Just Awful. What a shame the show finally gets the budget it deserves, but has completely gone off the rails.  RIP Doctor Who 1963 - 2017.
I can already tell you that Ncuti's drama scenes and speeches are going to be soul crushing bc they always hit harder when the Doctor is silly.
Can someone quickly clarify the bi-regeneration because my understanding is "I'm okay, because you're fixed yourself! We're timelords, we're doing therapy out of order" does that mean that 14 eventually properly regenerates into Ncuti. But how? Or does it mean a 14 is shaping Ncuti right now, as 14s growth is happening right now he's also creating his new self by 'healing'.
RIP Doctor who
No thx
OOOO Are you
I preferred Fourteen to Ten, but love that he's going to get to retire. Also, fifteen looks like we're in for some wild times. He's got such great energy. He's already made the role his own inside of ten minutes. I don't think he'll be replacing Matt Smith as my Doctor, but I'm so excited to see what's in store.
in safe hands.
The only thing I do not like is changing the name regeneration to that freakin by generation, I don't like that at all. It's not bi- generation, is not trans-generation, it's regeneration. They need to keep the actual  name that its supposed to. But this episode was absolutely fantastic!!!!!!! I  loved it soooooo much!!!❤😊❤   I love seeing him in sex education. He's a fantastic actor he came out onto the show with such enery and faness...it was so damn fantastic. I can't wait to see what they do with the 15th doctor.  As long as he's not running around without pants .......😂
Ere' we go, Docter who is still in business after 60 years. Ncuti Gatwa is going to be a great docter.
Dr Who is dead. Im not going to watch it anymore, even ive seen all before. Come back and tell me, when you are done with your suicide mission to kill this series. You are maby trying to pander to 1000 persons world wide, that giva  crap about the woke. Against millions of fans leaving. Thanks, that is all
Even this 30secs shows that he is the Doctor
So is the doctor setting off on an D&D adventure :P
I can already tell he is gonna be a good doctor. Only problem is he seems to nice, i wounder how he is gonna do the darker moments or what he is like when the doctor loses his temper here and there.
Sorry, I can not see the doctor in him next?........... Where is my finally I'm ginger guy steven?  Oh wait he was a ⚪️ guy and the bbc and Disney said no to him refilm with a 🟤 guy
I already love them
A ladies hand picked up that golden tooth that supposedly contained The Master.
So Doctor is a travesty dancer. Yeah, "great" for the show.
Was hoping the whole political indoctrination of the show would stop, gues i should stop watching now.
Oh
🎄 The Christmas trailer for The Church on Ruby Road in Doctor Who is giving me festive chills! 🌟 Excited for the holiday special – Who's with me? 🚀
Basically all the hopes of doctor who being good again shatter showing how stupid this is, it's no longer real doctor and tardis either
Well I don’t hate it. I’ll give it a chance until it get super preachy then I am out.
Black doctor and you've already got him jumping and climbing? That's a bold move.
I CANT WAIT to see his serious side when someone pisses him off
I think my favorite part of the bi-generation was figuring out which clothes each had been split with. Relizing that 14 was commando playing ball for the universe was very funny to me for some reason.
All day I saw that this trailer was out and I said "I'm not gonna watch it, just wait until Christmas for the episode to come out, it won't be that long." And ten hours later I caved and watched the trailer 😂
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
U know what I'm likeing the 15th very charming.
Just finished the third special and I’m so happy and relieved it had a happy ending. Looking forward to Ncuti’s run as the Doctor!
I like Nguci as 15. He's essentially The Doctor without all of the baggages.
Aw DT and MS got competition with NG 10,11,15 best Dr of our generation
That smile at the end. Every time I see Ncuti Gatwa I see a fantastic new Doctor.
I cannot wait for Ncuti's first proper episode!  This looks like so much fun.  I adored his introduction in "The Giggle", and these few brief scenes with his new companion make me even more excited for his run!
As long as the message doesn't over shadow this moght be a desent doctor.
IS THAT A NEW SONIC I SEE?! Welp, there goes my money lol
15th has 11th vibes. Young, full of energy, not afraid to be goofy . I wonder how he will crush in dramatic moments.
He feels like if Freddie Mercury became the doctor
I love his scar
That Sonic is looking interesting for sure
Companion: Doctor, lets go to 1920s america Doctor: no, lets, not
Man okay okay so this is what the Gatwa Gibson sandwich is gonna like then cool im excited and intrigued
Absolutely loved that he and David got to share screen time... I really wasn't ready for that but we need more Rose. Yasmine is an incredible actress she deserved better than what she got in those specials.
I loved that Tennant style "HA!"
I just finished the special and came here to watch this trailer and the new Doctor saying "Don't forget to click below to subscribe to the official Doctor Who Youtube channel" really does cement the new status quo fully. It's like the cherry on top.
God he is so fine 😩
Why is he at a dance club? That doesn’t make sense
These specials were my first experience with doctor who I got in to them thanks to a recap and I loved them I know I missed out on not being there the entire time and the emotional moments didn’t hit as hard but that’s not why I was watching I was watching for fun action and funny moments and stuff like that  Also please tell me that I’m not the only newcomer who watched these
This new Doctor seems very charming.
I love the new doctors smile
In one of the interviews Ncuti said that he'd have some big shoes to fill coming after David Tennant, and while that is true, I'm soooo excited for his seasons, he truly hit the ground running and it was incredible
NO.  Just... no.
I’m just excited to get my hands on the 15th doctors sonic screwdriver can’t wait to see more it
I don't remember the Doctor being so zesty woke ideology has sank its claws right into one of the best characters on tv its sad to see.
I’m not liking the new Doctor to be honest… too flamboyant.
I think this lads got the potential to be the best of the lot
Sure this isn't a new season of "Sex Education"? The characters seem the same.
He is the most bae doctor ever
As much as I love tennant, I’m glad we will be having a more physical doctor after such a long time
So he can split off wearing a shirt, shoes, and a tie, but somehow pants aren't included?  🤔
If anyone’s wondering what  the trailer music is, it is called    “The traveller” by Adrian Gomez
60 years later, and he's still not ginger. 😅😂
And I also don't really care if The 15th Doctor is gay or not At least The New Season will be somewhat good...
Looks really fun 😊
Bro I literally Cried during the 3rd Special Towards the End It was just so Happy....🥲🥲
Can we just cancel the show?
It's crazy to think the companions have gotten younger than me. What a world
The Doctor being a queer icon has been AMPED
hawld on sonic REMOTE??????
Yeah…I’m thinking he’s based
back to using the word christmas again are we?
Doctor who is a white straight man
OH NO HE"S HOT
Goblins 🤓
1st off this has a HUGE new vibe & I'm not sayin this in a bad way (although somebody feel free to think so) that this feels like a new show almost? 2nd'ly?...This looks better than what they did for the 60th & again feel free to launch hate BUT the 50th had a TV film & another TV film with both being received very well with really 0 messaging included, just sayin they'll have a better shelf life than the Memberberry welcome back tour of David & Catherine. Just My Opinion ✌
Doctor who simply doesn’t feel like doctor who anymore. The new doctor is an absolute joke, don’t care what anyone says. Could tell from capaldi with how woke the show was going to become. I’ll give it two years before the show absolutely fumbles & loses over half of it’s ratings. Absolutely ridiculous. Thank you for ruining doctor who.
At least he's much younger this time and he's bloody handsome as hell.
So is it actually confirmed that Ncuti Gatwa's Doctor IS a clone of the original Doctor?  Or is Ncuto Gatwa a the original and the 14th Doctor sort of became his own clone?  Maybe this is something that will be addressed further in a later episode?  I love the idea regardless.  Do kinda hope the 15th is still the "Original" but rwgardless,  he seems like he's gonna be a kickass Doctor!
I am loving Fifth-teen already. He is a swashbuckling, dashing, and fun-loving adventurer. I am in for it.
God Russell really just said “Hey, what if we did one convoluted storyline so that we can give 10 and Donna a happy ending but also bring David back as a guest star whenever we want rather than having to come up with a new convoluted storyline every 5 to 10 years?”
2024 the year of Ncuti Gatwa, has also got a major role in the Apple+ series Masters of the Air.
After that gold tooth tease, I was hoping the master would be in this
Ncuti is going to be incredible. It was cool to get more screen time with him in his first appearance than usual. Looks like he might be even bouncier than Smith. Can't wait to see how his first full episode ranks among the others. Goblins might be fun. I like their design.
We’re eating well :D fantastic!
I expected many things from this trailer. The Doctor partying at a rave with diamond-cutter nips was absolutely not one of them XD
I am soooo excited to see him in action!! 😫 Seeing him at the club makes me so excited because he is unique and different from other Doctors from past 😍
Congrats Ncuti, but I am gonna miss Davids BBC intro. 🤣
Nice to see the new Doctor found some trousers to wear (the rest of his new look is great too, ofc)! As for “The Giggle” bi-generation and its effects: I think it’s weird, and somewhat cheated Ncuti’s Doctor; but I also love that it gives Tennant’s Doctor a chance to rest, relax, heal, forgive himself, and find both peace and a family (and stability); plus the Fifteenth Doctor can now have new exploration and adventures with a clean slate, and a fresh attitude (without so much baggage constantly weighing on him). It’s weird, even for this show, but I think it serves a greater purpose to somewhat reinvent Doctor Who without blowing up its history and canon altogether.
Ncuti killed it! Charismatic, empathetic and open. His youthful enthusiasm is gonna bring a new lease of life into the show like we’ve never seen. This doctor is gonna be a lot of fun ❤
God! He's gonna be a big flirt!
The Doctor has the fresh fade! 😀
the doctor at a rave wearing a skirt is everything. i cant wait.
It's racists that the doctor is only from England...
Now, I’ve only seen NewWho (minus Jodi Whitakers run. I just never got around to it) and usually I am apprehensive about new Doctors. It takes me a few episodes for me to see them in the role. Matt Smith was the fastest and had me convinced by the end of his first episode. But Ncuti Gutwa had me convinced within 15 minutes with the most intense game of catch ever played, all while not wearing pants. I have never been this excited for a new Doctor, and with easy access to the new seasons, I’ll be ready for his first Christmas Special. It feels like Doctor Who is finally back where it’s meant to be!
That had no right making him this hot 😍🥵
What a amazing episode The Giggle was. Ncuti era will be the best so excited
🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
a few effects felt a little off but I'm interested seeing Ncuti's version of the doctor it seems very different from what we're use to so far🤔
Brilliant. There was a problem with Doctor Who for 60 years apparently. Not gay enough. NOW it'll finally be popular with 10% of the world's population.
Feels like this entire comment section is fake.
0:15 That's one big flying pirate ship!!!!!!
Finished the third special.  100 percent sold on the new Doctor.  Weirdly wonderful to feel optimism for Doctor Who again.  BUT, I was sold on Jodie for the first episode and a half... so don't you do this to me again.  Don't waste another potentially great Doctor, make it good.
Looking forward to the new companion. The general vibe of the trailer is giving me Valerian vibes, which is a little concerning, but I'll just hope that 15 and Ruby wipe away any doubt
It feels wierd to follow him when id rather be watching 14 having tea with Donna
Well, at least now he and Captain Jack can finally.....you know.
This man has had a grand total of 10 minutes of screen time so far as the Doctor and I already love him
10 didn't wanna go, and he came back as 14, and didn't "go." How cool is that?
It's happened! Gatwa will be tellings us to subscribe to the official Doctor Who YouTube channel for years to come.
Everybody is talkin about Ncuti just wearing undies but NOBODY is talking about how Tennant is just free-ballin it!
Ratings for the 60th anniversary 1: 6/10 - it wasn’t bad. I really liked the visuals and the dialogue was okay as well. Loved the Meep twist but the whole thing was brought down by being too progressive. I don’t mind when there’s progressive stuff. Bills one of my favorite companions, but to have it shoved down my throat like they did in #1 just sucked. 2.) 8/10 By far my favorite. This one was brilliant. The visuals, the dialogue, that one scene with the Doctor and imposter Donna. It felt like the golden days of Doctor who. Only reason why this wasn’t a 9 or a 10 was simply because when I compared to the other anniversary specials like the day of the doctor, this one fell short. 3.) 2/10: God I hated this one with a passion. Why the hell is the 15th doctor making bedroom eyes with the 14th? they are the same person. But that’s the least of my complaints. If that was all that was wrong this one would have been a 7 at least. The dialogue of this one was absolute garbage. The climax where the doctors beat the toymaker was idiotic and unbearable to watch.  There were so many deus ex machinas that I wanted to cry. Plot holes galore. This one made the 1st anniversary special seem like a 30/10. The side characters were belittled as well. Since when did Donna have the capability of linking up a global network. How the hell did they think up a cadence from the brain waves? They just throw out that the master got defeated by the toymaker and made into a golden tooth like a side comment. Most of all, what a let down the toymaker was. When I first saw the teasers for him I was thrilled. I thought he was intimidating and scary as hell. But then he gets defeated by not catching a ball?!?! Why the hell was the doctor afraid of this guy in the first place? He’s a joke. Lastly the scenes with tenant and ncuti. Now I’m all for the plot letting 14 take a break. But why the hell is 15 talking to 14 like they are two separate people? This one was a mockery of everything I loved about doctor who. I’m still gonna watch the new doctor bc I’m a loyal fan, but I’m starting to lose hope that I will ever like a new doctor ever again.
I got chills when Ncuti asked me to not forget to click below to subscribe to the official doctor who youtube channel. He is just going to be great!!
After a 10/Donna special, this does NOT seem enticing at all 😕
Absolutely fantastic special. Was not expecting the bigeneration twist, but loved it as a way for Fourteen to stick around for a while (although I wonder if he can still regenerate or not). As for Fifteen....goddamn, boy. The music, the attitude, the lack of trousers....best first new doctor episode ever. Cant wait to get to know him even more and to see if he gets his own TARDIS wallpaper.
Fifteen dancing in a kilt in a night club? So is he going to reference Jamie McCimmeron in the Christmas special then for that specific scene?
Nope
GOBLINS!!! <3
I am so happy how they ended Tennet's time on the Dr. He is still there like wanted. He can be happy with a family. All without the need to save the universe. He can have a family, finally. Like he said the previous regeneration....he didnt want to go. Now he doesnt have to.
episode 3 was amazing!!!! and the ncuti was outstanding!
I love this new doctor ,he look Always smiling
Ncuti came in with so much charisma and charm, he's going to be an awesome Doctor!
For those who are confused: the 15th Doctor and his TARDIS were pulled from the future due to timey-winey shenanigans. They didn't actually "split." 14 eventually becomes 15 after settling down  Edit: The Doctor's bi-generation is literally explained in the episode, and Russell said there's proof in a future episode that the 15th Doctor's TARDIS is the same TARDIS but from 14s future
Doctor Who's #FabulousFifteenth 😎  pass it on fellow Whovians <3
Cannot wait!!!
I really do hope that was a kilt he was wearing.
So, RTD has already confirmed that this isn't just a one time thing, and that this is basically replacing regeneration--and that all the old Doctors retroactively had this applied to them.   This brings with it the biggest hole regarding this concept: Regeneration is no longer a consequence, it is a entirely beneficial super-power for the Doctor. There is absolutely no reason--none whatsoever--for why the Doctor shouldn't just mortally wound him/herself all the time, so that they can crap out a load of new versions of themselves. They can literally double without consequence--Getting fatally wounded actively aids the Doctor now, so why are we supposed to ever care if he's in mortal danger?
Looks to me like this episode will be the beautiful return of Doctor Disco.
The show ended. This is just a parody now.
The Fifteenth Doctor is absolultely Fabulous <3
PLEASE BE GOOD BRO PLEAASE BE GOOD😭🙏🙏🙏🙏
❤❤❤ Screaming crying throwing up
*EXTREME SPOILER:*  . . . . . . . . he wears pants in this episode
I cannot wait for adventures with Ncuti’s Doctor
Can someone fill me in on why people keep saying that Doctor Who is moving on to bigger and greater things I haven’t been that up-to-date on the news, so I’m not exactly sure what’s going on
0:40 he said the thing!
Can't wait!
Well its very modern  and hip and down with the kids  [ As all us oldy's would say ) Perhaps I'm to old  now but  i feel the magic and meaning has gone . I sir pose this path is unavertable ! Wishing the best for the Doctor. This Old  Whovian  is out .
Not my doctor
So looking forward to this!  He's going to be a great Doctor!  His sonic screwdriver looks (at a glance) like a TV remote but we can totally work with that. Geronimo!
Sky pirate goblins? Yes please!
Kang
Dunno why I'm getting some 9th doctor vibes from him and I love it an element of danger and mystery
If he split off of Tennant’s Doctor, and Tennant’s Doctor is still around with his own TARDIS shouldn’t this really be Doctor Two?
Well looks like they ruined the Doctor. I mean we kind of already knew that with them making "the message" the plot point of saving Donna Noble.
i actually found it odd for the doctor to change ethnicity from a white guy so the way they handled this was carefully planned and a brilliant solution.
Nobody will ever beat Capaldi's reminder to subscribe
As a diehard fan who grew up with this show I'm so upset with the direction it's gone
I do wonder if this season will come out on Disney plus, because I enjoyed the specials quite a lot
DON'T FORGET TO CLICK BELOW!!
New​ sonic​ screwdriver? New​ shape?
I hope the 16th Doctor is a man as well please.
I excited to new sonic screwdriver and new adventures . Good luck 15th Doctor 😃
Maybe in future, regeneration of 15th doctor ,will looks like Regeneration of 4th doctor. Doctor of David Tennant will be like Wather , Doctor of Ncuti Gatwa will be like 4th Doctor and Future 16th Doctor like 5th Doctor
Ncuti Gatwa is gonna make a fantastic Dr.
Well, the transformation of Doctor Who into young adult fantasy is complete. Looking forward to three seasons of Glee meets Twilight meets Harry Potter.
The new Dr. has a lot of potential but we all know where this is going. The show runner is going to mess this one up. And people are going to blame “wokeness”. The writing is going to be bad for the sake of spreading the “message”.
HE DID IT! HE SAID THE THING!!!
i have never been happier with doctor who in my entire life. it's glorious
If the episode matches the mood of the trailer, this will be really cool. We've done angsty Doctor for 18 years and it was good, but it'll be nice to see something different.
CANT WAIT. WE ARE SO BACK. Not big on the bigeneration but other than that The Giggle gave me full confidence in RTD.
all this new doctor hype has got me rewatching the sold series ! (well from the 2005 reboot cause i cant find the original)
Not overly impressed but will see if he gets better on the actual episode
Firstly, spoilers!!    I personally loved the last special. I do wish the toy maker was a two parter (having 4 specials would have really helped with the flow), as he simply didn't get enough time, but my god, his entrance in Unit was perhaps the best villain entrance I've ever seen.  Whilst i understand many didn't like the Tennant twist, I personally feel like it was very important. The doctor has had trama after trama, after trauma, and no break. 15 is meant to be a fresh start and we can't have that unless 14 takes the time to heal, Tennant's doctor(s) has always felt very human and his send off was amazing, therapeutic and much needed for the Doctor as a whole.   Looking forward to seeing the goblins come Christmas!
You know how solo Marvel movies don’t make sense because the other superheroes are just chillin during the world ending threat?  Well, now I’m going to sit here and wonder every Earth episode why David Tennant with TARDIS and screwdriver in hand are just chillin letting whoever the Doctor happens to be take care of it lol.  Bad move tbh and also felt kinda cheap to rehash the metacrisis, but whatever.
I love him already
It's nice to see the Doctor out there enjoying himself, carefree (for that moment at least)
Gross. At least Tennant's Doc is still around.
Ok I gotta watch it again. I'm  so confused Loved it, but confused How can there be two Doctors? Will Tennsnt be making guest appearances? That doesn't seem fair to Gatwa.
I think the bigeneration is a disservice to the show. Ncuti deserves a proper regeneration!
The little goblins are adorable
is this the youngest doctor actor so far?
We’ve got a whole new kind of Doctor!
This guy looks like a fantastic fit for the doctor, but bigeneration come on now that’s just a gimmick to keep doors open for tennant coming back if the ratings start to drop off
Space movie from 1992
A spin off show with tenants doctor   being the head of U.N.I.T and becoming the Curator?
Having him travel without 14 kinda ruins the whole point of Bi-generation. The Doctor does take breaks, he was at that university for awhile
His enthusiasm is infectious
Who is writing for him?  This will determine how good this is
So can davids doctor regenerate ? Like again later . If so how will the numbering work now ? If both ncuti and david regenerate later on ?   Does this mean theres permanently 2 doctors ? Because thats massive. And permanently 2 of the same Tardis?   Does earth now just have its own personal tinelord? Surely unit just have davids doctor on speed dial now   Surely theyll have to do a big storyline about all this .  2 of the same timelord running around is a massive deal. If the master finds out they're gonna be pissed, or the daleks .
traditionally, black guys are the natural enemy of terrible CGI goblins so this definitely passes the vibe check. someone did their research.
0:38 eyy he's done it already
the special tennant doctor series cant come and destroy "new" one sooner ...
I honestly don't think I will like this new version of DW, but I'll still give it a chance!
Well that all looks very unlike Doctor Who. Did disney just decide to completely recreate the show in it's own image and ditch the show's 60 year history? Yes. Yes it did. Shame on you RTD. This looks rubbish.
My headcanon now is 14 is the Doctor who retires on Earth and becomes the Curator we saw in the 50th.
I must admit he is a cutie 😂❤
The only thing I worry about with Ncuti is that given he's already established with an iconic character under his belt, it might be difficult to see him as anything other than Eric from Sex Education. He definitely has enough acting ability to break away from that character but I just hope the show helps to differentiate the characters personalities enough so we see him as The Doctor not just Eric
Full on swashbuckling!  OMG, I can't wait!
I was worried at first when they went on about how "controversial" the changes would be but honestly concepts like bi-generation etc makes sense for the franchise, apparently Who is going to get more "pure" fantasy going forward but honestly Who was never really "strong" Sci-Fi, it was almost always pure imagination.. I know some chuckle-brother will claim "bi-generation" is an "agenda" of some other poor argument ("bi" means two, not everything is about "agenda", even if the show has sometimes been a bit heavy on messages). I think the idea that the Doctor can do almost anything imagination thinks of fits the concept of the character just fine.
My personal top of doctors: 1Matt Smith 2David Tennant 3Peter Capaldi 4William Hartnell 5Cristopher Eccleston 6Ncutti❤️
0:23 It might just be me, but his sonic screwdriver looks massive!
@Real_The_Goof It's a kilt.
I thought ncuti was okay thus far I can't wait to see what he's gonna do with the roll it just hurts 'losing' tennant again even if he did have a happy ending with donna them are some big shoes to fill 0:37
His overall look feels very piratey.
It’s all getting a bit 80s fantasy show, but I’m up for it if you are, fellow Whovians.
Too much "woke" for me.
Damn him dancing looks like he's just bathing in life after a whole life healing.
The Madman with a Box has returned.
No regeneration sickness this time
new doctor is a gay?
I think King Charles makes his first Christmas speech, then the Doctor.
I love his intense optimism! Even in a bad situation he makes you want smile and reassure that everything will be okay!
I personally have mixed feelings on the regeneration. You cannot beat those good old beams of light shooting out of the doctors head and hands it's like a really cool firework display.
I'm going to give Ncuti Gatwa a chance but Michael Sheen and Robert Carlyle were favourited by the fans to be the next Doctor.
He found a pair of pants I hope!!
My big concern is that this fantastic actor is going to be let down by a poor story’s
good actor but I'm scared they're gonna fumble this. The Dr is meant to be kinda awkward and socially inept while still charismatic... I fear the way they've written Gatwa might be too 'smooth'...
great he is same character from sex education 😑 well doctors gonna be terrible
So why we can’t see Ruby’s nails?? Are they pink…??🤔🤔
I absolutely love how flamboyant this new doctor, as a kid I may have had problems with him but as an adult who has learned things about himself this doctor is a hoot.
OMG it's going to be incredible!
Dr Who is dead
SO excited to watch Millie in action
Easily the fruitiest doctor.
The conservatives are really not gonna like this version of the DR XD
Hello Doctor.
i love how no one mentioned the fact that seeming as how david and ncuti swapped clothes during the regen scene that means david LOST his underwear when they split.
why does she look like nurse chapel from trek new worlds ?
I truly can't WAIIITT to see what happens.
HE SAID THE THING
0:23 i think that other new sonic screwdriver
I'm so excited for number 15!!!!!!❤❤
Ncuti is already giving me such good vibes. I love him.
great now every episode is going to be I wonder what 14 is up to?
Ncuti looks like a giga chad! Bring it on!
He slaps.
He's so confident - so energetic - I love it
THIS LOOKS AMAZING!! IM SO EXCITED FOR NCUTI'S ERA, MAY IT BE GREAT!!
Yep I quite
I'm 84 you know!
just from the "dont forget to click below to subscribe to the official doctor who youtube channel" i can tell hes going to be amazing
Welp you just lost me within the first 8 seconds
My head canon is after bigenerating, 14 retires with the Nobles. Once he's healed and had his therapy, he'll return to the point where he bigenerated and become 15 who will head off on adventures. As for the Tardis splitting in two, I see it as the future TARDIS being summoned to the past. Both the 14th Doctor and his TARDIS will at some point in the future loop back around and become 15 and the Jukebox Tardis  Essentially us as an audience are skipping over the period of time 14 takes out having a rest and jumping straight into 15's adventures. Given the unspecified length of time between 14's "retirement" and 15 appearing, it leaves room for future multi doctor appearances where 14 could potentially appear.
I love Ncuti’s interpretation of the Doctor and hope to see more than one season with him
Oh my glob!  He's amazing!!!
Looking good!!
Does anyone just want for ONCE the doctor to just have a Male Companion instead of a parade of Women?!
First few seconds looks like a scene from Sex Education on Netflix.
love it, but i gotta say that if the subtitles are accurate, 15's sonic does not look good
please tell me thats not his sonic screwdriver
Russell knows Doctor Who better than anyone. I'm so glad he's back!
Ncuti is going to be great! But get rid of the Christmas specials please, they're trash and I haven't missed them
I hope they gonna explore the consequences of the bi-regeneration, and i think Ncuti gonna be an excellent Doctor, he have the Doctor vibe. I don't know what to think about the 60th specials and the " raccroché le tablier" (french expression) story, technically the fifteenth have this too so its weird that he can continue to explore the univers and rest with his friends on earth at the same time. Also we gonna have the return of the Master, with the gold teeth taking by a stranger
I’ve never been so excited for a Doctor before 🎉
Ew.
i see what you did there... not entirely confident the new doctor will get as much ratings so you keep david tennants doctor around, the most superior doctor imo
Doctor Ken.
Eyyyyyyy, the very first "Don't forget to click below..." for Ncuti!
Oh this Doctor is GAAAYYY 😂 I love it
I love the bigeneration. The doctor has a time lord that will always be on his side. He can go to when times get rough. And a constant ally for when he needs to save the universe. And he has a brother now so yeah. He’s got a time lord twin. It great. He not alone anymore
Hunny he is swirling! And i am here for it! 🎉
The BBC got another one to tell me to not to forget to click below to subscribe to the official Doctor Who Youtube Channel.
HE SAID THE THING. THE THING ABOUT SUBSCRIBING HE SAID IT
Biregeneration is such a weird concept when you think about the implications. For starters, regeneration is no longer a bad thing--it's literally only a benefit... Why doesn't the Doctor from now on just keep fatally wounding himself to generate infinite versions of themselves?   Each Doctor can basically crap out infinite versions of themselves, whom can all crap out infinite versions of themselves.  This is actually the most moronic, series breaking concept they've ever introduced, and that's saying a lot. I'm not sure if they thought the implications of this through, or even considered that this reduces regeneration to literally being a super power that the Doctor SHOULD be constantly engaging in.   Why was this not addressed? And why do I feel like it's never going to be?
NOW, I CAN'T WAIT FOR THE CHRISTMAS SPECIAL!! 🎄🎁🎅🦌☃️❄️🌟😻❤️
I love this new incarnation already! ,👍👍👍
this is good. I've high hopes, especially for ruby. Something abt her, especially on the ladder scene was giving, idk, CLARA.
I’m not sure how I feel about a FLAT sonic…
Ncuti is amazing as the Doctor!
Yes! But where when can I watch the newest episodes and I don’t mean the specials I just saw the toymaker I mean as soon as they come out
OK, but this looks fresh. People complaining about the Doctor dancing, but this seems like it's harkening back to old school Who with the Doctor just being someone messing around and having fun. Was getting REAL tired of the "anguised Demigod" approach.
Loved the episode. Tennant, Tate, Harris, Ncuti and really everyone was outstanding. Really looking forward to seeing what comes next. Also, if I had a nickel for every time Tennant's doctor is split in two & one goes on to live a domestic life with a former companion, I'd have two nickels. Which isn't a lot, but it's strange it happened twice. :)
Was that Remote control thing I glimpsed the new sonic?
Ncuti has the energy he gain me fast.
Every "Doctor Who is dead/woke" post increases my power level, so keep it up, guys, you're just accelerating my march towards Godhood 😅  [Or you could, you know, watch something else 😜]
soft reboot, i wondered why disney set it as series 1
GODDAMN his clothing are amazing, now i want to do a cosplay
I just hope this blonde chick name isn't Emily. Because it means she's that one from Key&Peele "Alien invasion" clip, whose "best friend is black"....
dang he rocking that skirt
Really looking forward to Ncuti's era! Dude has massive potential
I don’t see the doctor yet I still see Eric from sex education. Hopefully he will grow into the role And be less Eric like for me.
I was so disappointed with the first two episodes until the 60th anniversary. Absolutely amazing. I am now looking forward to what comes next
Eva elfie?)
this looks so refreshing, can't wait for Christmas! whatever happens, I think that Ncuti will be great
Beyond excited for this especially after watching the final 60th anniversary special ❤
Literally counting down the days until Christmas because we'll get a full Ncuti as the Doctor episode!! (couldn't care less about the holiday honestly lolll)
While I think the Bi-Generation was a tad rushed in details to give us a Deus Ex Machina, it was still okay for the most part.  Also RTD basically giving Ten - his doctor - a happy ending was quite nice actually.  The Giggle was workds better than the previous two specials. I'll definitely give the Christmas special a try now.
I feel like Ncuti Gatwa is going to overthrow Peter Capaldi's long undisputed first place in my list of favorite doctors!!!
I love him already. He is going to be so great
Why is it all cgi kiddy monsters now. I remember the when dr who would scare me.  Pathetic
Jesus, what have they done to you Doctor, you will be in my heart.
Woketor They
Great episode!!
"Who are you?"   The correct answer is always, "Yes"....   ;-P
It's hard for me to let David Tennant go 🥲but Ncuti Gatwi blasted in with an infectuous energy. If Mel and Donna were able to let their 'old' Doctor go, and lovingly embrace the new Doctor, then so can I ❤Just give me  a little moment to settle 🙃
I really want just a video of all the doctors saying "Don't forget to click below to subscribe"
I'm intrigued, slightly worried, but definitely excited!
Looks interesting, hope it feels more like doctor who now without the pressure of the 60th anniversary
I have been obsessed since primary school 1974 never missed a episode ever,even watched Matt Smith who I didn't like much but the REGANERATION was a huge let down I was embarrassed what the future holds for the show WHO knows but I thought Russel T is wonderful writer hated Steven Moffitt's efforts.But this was a story that got lost at the end.What happened to tradition
I could not resist another comment but how many of us are interested in THE ONE WHO WAITS being the Toymaker was scared to play and if he is or she is the Boss mentioned by the Meep
love the update to the Sonic, almost TV remote/FOB/iPhone design.
Oooo i can not wait to see it
0:23 Is that a new sonic screwdriver?
Sooo this whole “bigeneration” has made the whole era of 2005-2023 completely pointless then? The whole point of the doctor is that he is “the man who regrets, and the who forgets” a perfect summary of who The Doctor is after suffering so much in his lifetime, he still saves people and civilisations regardless of how much he’s lost…now that seems so pointless!
Who are you? ( A crazy alien with two hearts and a blue box, that travels through time and space.) 😎❤️
Wow that was horrible. Acting seemed like some cheap advertisement commercial....what have they done to doctor who??
the doctor's never been more fruity and im all here for it
I can’t wait to watch this on Christmas Day
Feels a little Disney, especelly the scenes on the goblin ship. Guess we will have to wait until the series proper to judge this new era however.
Guess ncuti already saying the phrase
THE VERY WORST REGANERATION EVER I ALWAYS THINK ITS A HIGH POINT WHEN THEY CHANGE BUT THIS WAS LOUSEY RUBBISH NO ARMS OUT STRETCHED WITH THAT FIRE COMING OUT OF HIS HEAD ARMS.RUSSEL T MUST OF GOT LOST WRITING THIS.
so the doctor isnt a singular character anymore, with two tardis and two doctors, so we are following a christmas special and subsequent series which isnt even our doctor or tardis, but a copy pulled out of the original :| maybe this would work if they combined again after the toymakers defeat, but they are different entities now bruh  you dont need to rewrite the doctors basic existence to get an impact, it didnt work with timeless child, please stop ruining by childhood
At first I was a  bit unsure about the biregeneration thing but if something happens to 14 will it also effect 15 as logically you would think so. This means a potential vulnerability for 15 (even more than usually  because he is still on Earth) is the coexistence of 14 and duplicated TARDIS.  I don't think it effects  previous  DOCTORS as such but it's a way to allow older ones to appear and explain the difference in their age
This is going to be the queerest, campest Doctor Who ever and I love it so much!!!
I was honestly suprised with the generation (positive way), cant wait to see the new doctor in action
He had me at, "No Way! 😃"
Wooo let's go! 🎉
this looks like crap  rip  dw
It's probably weird, but I have a total 9th ​​Doctor vibe from Ncuti
Okay, now the problems begin. This version of the Doctor must travel only to the present and the future only. The Earth's past is a definite no, no, unless, it is an alternative earth history.
Beyond excited for this!
We van only hope🤞🙏
Na sorry it just doesnt click, if they had done something where it limits either of them then yes thats a soft reboot,like make 14 mortal with no more regens or 15 has limited memory going forward! But this smacks of uncertainty unless they are planning something else in the future its just a crap storyline with no obvious benefit and when you consider the previous great regens it belittles them to mean nothing
The way he leaps over the chimney tops has me memerized
That will be such a Christmas present.
am I the only one feeling like the bi-regeneration cheapens Doctor 15. The fact that he's in a copy tardis and that the original doctor is still out there makes #15 feel like a different character. They should've just killed #14 off.
Honestly i like the new actors, but this looks terrible!
With The Giggle and all that happened in it, DW has be back in its grasp.  Don’t. Let. Me. Go.
Good to see the new Doctor in action.  Cheers to many more years of Doctor Who!
The pushback from this will be fun to watch 😂😅
I'm ready to meet Millie...  and I'm ready for more Ncuti!!!  ⏳
Genuinly so excited for Ncuti to take over. He feel so fresh and new. I haven't been interested in Doctor who in years but after hearing about Ncuti and RTD coming back I was really looking forward to it. I love Tennant as much as the next person but this is going to be so fun
Did the Tardis have a baby?  A clone? Or??????
The intro has me worried. I hope they dont start taking The Doctor into a more effeminate way of writing.  Thats not bad, but i loved The Doctor when he was written as a positive male role model, being steadfast, stoic, but struggling to show vulnerability, eventually opening up and even crying sometimes. The Doctor is one of the best male role models, showing men can be better, do better, but also be vulnerable and open up.  With Chibnal, and even the three specials, that writing has been done away, and I hope Davies doesn't reject positive masculinity for the sake of forced inclusion and diverse writing. Hopefully Gatwa will also have some amazing writing, i can already see the possibility of an Arc including the 15th doctor hiding a more negative and dark side, one that his cheerful, bubbly attitude fails to hide at times Though thats retreading 11 and 12 territory... Lets hope Davies doesn't mess this up.
wasn’t sure about the new doctor at first but he seems AMAZING, i am SO hyped :D
Already adore Gatwa's Doctor. This is gonna be good.
This is a parody of the Doctor
Man, Ncuti is gonna be even more of a cassanova Doctor than Tennant, calling it now. (Funny, considering he PLAYED Cassanova)
"Dad...are all Doctors from the North?"
oh wow.  He's gonna be fun to watch!  I still have to watch the episode. but curiosity got me here on the trailer
Loved the episode but wasnt a fan of the new regeneration. Yes im happy the 14th got a happy ending but it ruined yet another factor that follows the doctor because now theres two of them within the one time. Other than that happy with the finale and cant wait for the 15ths seasons
RTD, thank you and I love you 💙✨
Looks good- totally new direction, I get it, but I do like how the regeneration emphasizes new personality traits according to the age the doctor is.
"Hiya!"
References: Ruby in that ladder - Rose in The Empty Child; The Doctor wearing a Kilt - Jamie; The Doctor jumping from that roof tô the ladder - 13th from one crane tô another;
Not gonna lie, that flying castle looks freaking cool
Ncuti is a great actor. I can't wait to see where he takes The Doctor!
I love love Ncuti! I can’t wait! 15 is going to be amazing ❤❤❤
Yay! Ncuti gets to do the "Don't forget to click below to subscribe to the official Doctor Who YouTube channel"!
Was this man in a skirt or a kilt? like, bruhh
Giggle miles better than the other two episodes
Am I gonna love 15th? Hell yeah!
The best thing they ever did was keep the next Dr a secret untill you see them in the episode. Seems that has gone out the window.
Okay totally not British so I have to ask, is his accent different? It almost seems like it's only half British.
Looking forward to Christmas Day.
After watching him this episode and in this trailer. I know I am going to love The 15th Doctor.
I do have one question due to the nature of Bi-Generation. Is Nchuti still considered the 15th doctor or is he also considered 14 at the same time of David?
I like him already. 😊
FOI INCRÍVEL o RUSSEL, gostei muito dele ter fechado o arco do Curador
Yea .. I think  I'm done with doctor who after Tennant  leaves
Stans...Stans everywhere. Just consume the product, then ring the bell for more cheese.
Serial Doctor Who Season 14 Episode 4 Promo Not Super 😭😭 . Cast Not Super 💔💔 .
Um, what’s up with the new sonic design? Looks like a high tech Logitech. Can’t wait for Ncutis Run though,
Its just confusing at this point who is the current doctor now
When i saw Ncuti the first time on screen, i had a huge smile on my face. His energy on screen is just so captivating. I am glad to see that DW is back on track.
When Ncuti said Fantastic... For a second, i got my hopes up. Because how utterly brilliant had it been if they somehow miraculously had gotten Christopher for this special...
AAAAAAAGHG I LOVE THIS SO MUCH I'M SO HAPPY THAT THEY'RE ALLOWING HIM TO HAVE HIS PERSONAILITY!!!
Nah this looks nothing like what doctor who should be I get thay wonna move with the times but nah I think I will  skip this one I think looks more like a teen fick then actual si-fi adventure like the good old traditional days
So  there  is  2  doctors   now   and  2  tardis,
Goblins! Hahahaha! Oh I just loved that scene, I can't say exactly why. Just the running on the roof - that awesome shot of what I'd call a ghost ship. Need the new Doctor who stuff now.
YES NCUTI SAID THE THING!
It's amazing 🎉❤. I want to see it as soon as possible 😍
Wow! Cant wait
Теннант лучше!!!
0:24 of course new doctor would get a new sonic device. RIP 14th doctors sonic screwdriver you lived a shorter life than the 12ths sonic in series 10 and a few Christmas special.
Ok, it's probably the first time in a long time that I've actually blown a few fuses myself 🤯. This is a Toymaker story, so only "play logic" applies.  PROS: ✅ Amazing acting by David, Catherine and Neil. I was on the edge of my seat with them ✅ Creepy vibes on point ✅ Mel's back! (AND not just an ordinary cameo!) ✅ Nice throwbacks to the Trilogic game played between the First Doctor and the Toymaker himself ✅ The Toymaker feels different but some old elements are still present (not sure why he became obsessed with that german toymaker trope though) ✅ Ncuti made an appearance in what is perhaps the strangest regeneration ever and he dominated the scenes like a veteran. ✅ We got an inkling at what the Curator could be. Or are they not the same? Either way, I felt it to be a nice tribute to the 50th. ✅ The 14th Doctor had the emotional bittersweet sendoff only Doctor Who can make. This goodbye broke my heart in several different ways.  ODDS: ❔I found it funny when Donna smashed the doll so carefully. Felt like the production team was scared about the prop. An odd but funny moment. ❔What is bi-regeneration? The strangeness of the concept is interesting, but the explanation is kind of lost in the ether.  CONS: ❌ The episode does a lot of stretches: The 14th Doctor deduced the origin of the problem (screens) without any prior context. And the 15th Doctor made an assumption no-one would make because the Toymaker was boxed and then he proceeded to use... a mallet? Why? Imagination? ❌ What does bi-regeneration mean for the Doctor/Doctors? Is it a myth created within the Toymaker's rules or a real Time Lord thing? And now we have a 14th Doctor that we don't regularly follow along (or will we)? Feels odd in comparison to stuff like the War Doctor...   ❌ Are all Doctors regenerating with additional sets of clothes now? Doctor Who or Doctor Zygon? ❌ The specials are over and yet, there's a big unexplored void in regards to the legacy of the show.
and david is still the doctor
perfect
HANG ON.  New Sonic? I though he'd inherit the 14th Sonic, but this one seems....flat?
This Doctor seems so fun. The Doctor dancing in a kilt at a disco is such a purely joyful image, and its so refreshing to see a version of the character being that happy and human. A logical progression, and a very unique take.
I think 15 is going to use a Sonic-Lance instead
Sorry but again... Why does the Doctor have such a plunging neckline?
The first seconds of this clip already have me wanting to kill myself from cringe.😣 I can feel it clogging up my arteries already. Can you smell that? Smells even more like a woke disaster to me.
I LOVE HIM ALREADY!!! HE’S BEAUTIFUL!!!
Matt Smith vibes anyone? 😂
I cant stop smiling!!
I’m guessing she’s the doctor next companion
Omg I'm screaming! This is going to be fantastic!
Thank God he is wearing pants!
WAS THAT A NEW SONIC
BUT I WANT NOW!!😭😭😭😭😭
I wonder if Davids doctor will show up in 2-3 episodes to help the doctor
I don’t know how to feel abt two doctors roaming around the universe
In the trailer was that a new sonic
Personally I'm a bit mixed on the 60th anniversary but overall I think it's a big improvement over the last few years of Doctor Who. Interested to see what they do with Ncuti's Doctor but at the moment I'm a little unsure so I'm hoping to be won over on Christmas Day. Things are looking a bit more up though so good luck to the team working on Doctor Who... just don't cause an uproar like Chibnall did haha.
he is also too good man ....very good choice...
Looks pretty cool, can't wait. Sonic Disc seems interesting. Still confused from the whole Bigeneration stuff. Really struggling to wrap my head around it
Welcome Ncuti Gatwa! Welcome as the 15th Doctor. You've got this. Can't wait!
Can't wait to see this on Christmas day😊😊
Special 3 confirms he is not really the Doctor, thankfully
but but but i want know what is happening with 14th doctor he cant disappear?
So excited for this, and the next series. Ncuti is going to be, as the 9th Doctor would say, absolutely "fantastic"!
0:37 He said the thing!!!
Is it weird that I’m more excited for this then I was for the 60th?
somehow this looks awful and even worse than before
when are you going to release these on Amazon Prime. I'm not getting another subscription service just for Dr. Who no matter how much I love the series.
0:24
The audio compression on this video is awful!
Ncuti Gatwa wasn't made for this role, this role was made for him
Bigeneration that's new
not bad!
As long as they don't Woke it up too much, this could be a decent season of Dt Who... only time will tell.
Great job on the 3rd special, and the writers surprised me with this smart move to finally give one of the Doctor Who's a happy ending! Can't wait what the new Doctor brings to the series!
Okay are bite this could be something 🤔🤔🤔
This might be my favorite regeneration. Sorry, Bi-Generation.   And I'm Bi so. Welcome Ncuti. Have the feeling that he will be an excellent Doctor.
WHAT is that???!! a sonic remote? I need this episode now! Ruby and Doc look so fun together!
On one hand I'm excited to see the new sonic in action on the other hand I'm gonna miss this one
Only 10% of the people who watched liked it. Rip doctor who.
THE NCUTI SUBSCRIBE MESSAGE YESSSSS
Love him already ❤
Peter Capaldi is the last Doctor
Oh Russel T Davis, please make the stench of Chris Chinbul go away. Also maybe consider bringing back Suetech? Just saying...
If I had a nickel for seeing weirdly cute aliens that are evil this year, I’d have 2 nickels, which is weird since it happened twice.
As much as I love the actor, I can't help but think that "the message" is going to keep ruining this once great series, shame.
Let’s go 15!!!
I’m not saying they made a bad choice in Doctor, but I would’ve rather had Idris Elba, he’s absolutely iconic
Ncuti and millie omg so excited for Christmas day
CLICK BELOW
I'm the ni.... , I mean ermmm....Doctor, I'm the Doctor.
I always hoped that Ncuti would be a great Doctor, and I think he's going to be amazing, but like everyone else I didn't expect a Bi-generation. that was a clever idea Russell had, He's still got it, he can still write good stories 🙂
Oh good god what have you done to doctor who
the point is 14th doctor still capable to regenerate or both the doctor are linked somehow?  Not gonna lie this bi-generation lost me
That last episode was AWSOME
I think the 15th doctor is great and all .. I just need mor explanation on Bi-Regeneration cause it was a passing line and it was it
he's giving me 11 vibes I like 15 already
Christmas special is looking good. I can't wait to watch this one. Welcome to the Doctor Who family, Ncuti. I wish you many amazing adventures through the vortex.
Just thought, after the madness and brilliance of the episode , the 15th doctor lets the 14th have his TARDIS back, taking the new one, an amazing gesture
Wait the next episode isn’t till Christmas!?
I wonder if the two Doctors we have at the end of this episode are really 14 and 15, or if it's actually 15 and 16? With 15 being played by Ncuti Gatwa and 16 by David Tennant.   I mean, both Donna and the Doctor(s) claimed that Ncuti's Doctor was the older of the two. Which doesn't make sense to me, unless Tennant's Doctor was "born" after Ncuti's. So if Tennant's Doctor is the younger one, does this mean that 14 really "died" and regenerated into two separate new Doctors, one of whom just (accidentally?) still looks like him?   Even the Toymaker accepted the challenge of both Doctors as valid, although just a few minutes ago he said that he must play the next game with a new Doctor. So he accepted both of them as new Doctors?
It was a great episode up until the end. The regeneration was cheap and the idea that there can just be 2 Doctors with Tardises at the same time is such an easy way out. Like when we got the metacrisis Doctor, at least he was left in another universe with no Tardis and no way to get back. Plus there was no real explanation given for 14's face. It felt very JJ Abrams doing Star Wars. I'm going to introduce a bunch of wacky stuff but I'll explain it later and the explanation never comes. Unless they have some Fortnite tie in stuff coming up?
Before yall get ROWDY... HE'S WEARING A KILT NOT A SKIRT, YOU KNOW... Scottish male clothing.. Since he's scottish
Ncuti and Millie have already sold me
I can't not see him as Eric but I know that's a me problem. Can't wait to watch though 🎉
I'm sorry, is the doctor wearing a skirt? That was two regenerations ago mate you missed the boat that shouldve been Jodie. This show is getting ridiculous pandering to "THE MESSAGE"
I genuinely have never been so ready for a new doctor as ncuti, usually it takes a couple episodes to get used to them but GSUDH hes fantastic Ive never enjoyed trailers much tbh they always make every line sound really odd to me, but based on the premise of this episode and ncutis acting im very excited  Also love that 15 was just hanging out when he met ruby, having fun lol, the club reminded me of the eda vampire science and now im hoping to see cats heheheheh
HE SAID THE THING!!!!!!
I'm certain that gold tooth in The Giggle is gonna be really important to the plot of a future episode!
Looks good
Wow!!!  Action running on roofs jumping on hanging Ladders... This gonna be a ride...
what have they done to doctor who…. trying to please everyone has ruined it, n the CGI is plain awful, looks ridiculous
Hopefully the next season's writing won't be as woke
Oh yeah bro!!! Loved him in sex education and can’t wait for him in Doctor Who
Doctor Who Lives 🎉❤🎉
What a joke I only said last week I am so happy the Dr is back to what it was as I did stop watching then said I love it and back to watching it again and now with tonight's one and the one for Christmas I am done the makers of tont episode and the one for  Christmas I'm done they need to be sacked thanks for making the Dr who a joke hope your happy sod it no more watching it it's sick and disgraceful there is only two genders man and woman get it right
Ncuti saying don’t forget at the end 😢. Will miss David doing it.
I’ve always liked the Doctor being generally strange and witty but tricky and cunning so I hope Ncuti and the new series can pull that off.
The Doctor has a new lease on life, and they can't wait to see it all!
This looks so good?!  It's giving Freddie Mercury vibes.
Oh God. Its ruined even more.
*round sonic screwdriver*
HE'S THE DOCTOR!
I can't wait to see this! And I think with how things went with biregeneration was good. Some might complain, but after everything the Doctor has been through, this felt right. He deserved to have a sense of peace and family after all he went through. Sure, he still has adventures, but he can finally relax and allow himself to heal, but we still have the other Doctor for more adventures to follow.
I'd never heard of ncuti before he got this role and I deliberately avoided watching anything with him in to keep the surprise. He was fantastic! So different to anyone else who's played the part up until now he even managed to not wear trousers without it feeling like a cheap gimmick! Can't wait to see what he has in store for us
Absolutely brilliant episode,fantastic story,jaw-dropping regeneration.The Xmas special looks awesome.RTD has done it again!
he was born, gave himself a kiss on the head, told himself to get therapy and flew off all without wearing pants. what a slay honestly
The writer read D&D Spell Jammer as said I want some of that ...
wow even doctor who is not safe from the pander
This looks like we're gonna have romantic relation between the Doctor and the companion again. Don't like
So is that a new sonic for 15th, barely had tennants new one
HE SAID THE THING AT THE END
I hope 15 keeps up this fun energy.  I've had my fill of angsty, traumatized Doctors
I'm so happy! Can't wait for Christmas.
R.I.P. doctor who ⭐1963-2023✝(2017,better said.)
I almost forgot. Thank you Doctor!
I was iffy with how the regeneration went, but i must respect it. I live that the Doctor was able to shed the stress of billions of years by splitting it. But does this mean there is two doctors now?
What’s the 15th doctors sonic
NEW INTRO EEEEEE!!!!
Ncuti looks great.  Not wild about the regeneration but he definitely seems like the doctor
I can’t wait for this, the Giggle was awesome! Can’t wait!
💙💙💙
I want to see his chapters already
guess we are gonna casually leave out that the toymaker mentioned god, other random stuff, oh and the master is one of his gold teeth (that now is not which means the master will return).
Ncuti doing the subscribe thing somehow ended up being the most exciting thing about this video haha
Oh well, he even nails his first call for liking and subscribing, it's official....
'B.F.T. the doctor got here!
Doctor Who is now Doctor Huh?
Ultimately David Tennant is still the doctor so more specials with him please i didnt care for any doctor since Matt Smith's first, everything since his second series onwards has been meh, maybe some of Capaldis were ok but still ..
oh god it's worse than i thought
Excited
The 3rd special is an off-ramp for those that may love a certain era and don’t want to move on, and an on-ramp for those absolutely ready for a new generation and starting point.  This is how you pay homage to what came before and establish the “why” to care about the future.  And I’m absolutely all for it!
Whens the episode releasing?
I mean it's not bad per say, but it's not The Doctor Who I'm used to. So I guess it does go along with the whole "New Who" they are trying to push. Classic Who, Reboot Who, and now New Who
No offense, this just doesn't look exciting oO
Toymaker gave me Missy vibes 💃
What a terrible way to ruin a series
the CG for goblins does put me off a little, let's hope they won't fully forget the practical costumes!
We need a spin off series of the 14th Doctor eating cake, saving moles & doing laundry!
I can't wait To See NCUTI in Action as The Doctor
one word PANDER THAT IS ALL
Oh it’s that time again!!! New Doctor Who!!!
I hope he will grow on me but atm I’m just not feeling it :(
Well, Ncuti’s done the YouTube channel message. It’s official
PEAK DOCTOR WHO LETS GO !
This new doctor looks so full of hope, so full of life, curiosity, and wonder. He gives me matt smith vibes ❤
Love Ncuti's Doctor already.
They should have put a chick in it and made her gay.
I honestly now can't wait for Christmas Day, to see 15 and Ruby on their first adventure together is honestly going to be so much fun. I will admit, I wasn't expecting a bigeneration 😂
Loved the episode- the build-up and fear factor. However, may just be me but was I the only one disappointed with the ending? and how rushed it felt at the end? I’m still unsure about how I feel about the bi-regeneration and how easily the Toymaker was defeated. Neil Patrick-Harris, murdered the role and was born for it though.
This is going on Disney+ too, right?
I wonder if 14 will guess appear
"Hiya" - The Doctor 2023.
It was quite decent episode, but i'm not sure how to feel about bigeneration, it destroyes the feeling of continuouity of Doctor regenerations, if you know what mean
First
Loved that they gave Mel a bit of depth.  She was always rather unfortunate to be placed between 6 and 7.
"Who are you?" "That sounds about right!"
Spoiler for the giggle episode…      I liked what they did, (I mean not that we’re actually gonna see David anymore so it was redundant) however I think it might’ve been better had they kept it a sad moment and not… what they did
He said the thing! The don't forget to subscribe thing!
We can finally see the 15tj Doctor in pants LOL Im pretty excited for whats to come.
I did not see this coming. I am overjoyed that's Tennant's doctor got his happy ending. Cheers to you Russell I'm so happy you are back.
yes
David and Catherine spin off incoming
Welcome aboard Ncuti Gatwa! He’s going to be grand as The Doctor!
Heads up. this one's gonna get weird
Excuse me while I say what a thousand times and cry myself to sleep from pure happiness what was that my guy? 😭
can't wait
i think rtd also wanted the doctor to not have to carry the guilt he felt over the years , like 15 said he feels free from all that past baggage he finally feels free. so now season 1 can start as season 1
The doctor is finally happy after all the trauma he had to go through
Just brilliant.  Bloody brilliant.
Russell t davis" Black david Tennant meets Eleventh doctor.🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Ncuti already has my heart. He's gonna be a fantastic doctor
Looks incredible can’t wait to watch this beautiful masterpiece
Can't wait for it
Can’t wait for it
Ive just realised that Martha is the only Tennant era companion who never got her own Tennant clone
To all who have not watched The Giggle, get off the internet and come back when you've seen it! Massive spoilers everywhere!
NEW OUTRO!!!
We are feasting
Haha OK. This looks like it's going to be a fun one
THE EP HAD ME SMILIN!!! Can’t believe that the dr is stayin with Donna family!!🥹🥹
SCREAMING CRYING I LOVE HOW AMAZING THIS LOOKS THE FACT THAT THEY MET ON THE DANCE FLOOR!!! Doctor DISCOOO🎉🎉🎉🎉
God he's so hot
The Giggle was fantastic, and I’m so excited for DW’s future! DT was marvellous, as always, and it was a great way to do the soft reboot that was promised. Loved their chemistry together, and I’m sure Ncuti’s gonna be great!
This looks incredible each version of the Doctor has brought an exciting personality to the table and he seems the most energetic mabey tennet was left with the age and trauma and this is a newborn version of the doctor?
This looks Amazing!
The haters: Doctor Who is too woke nowadays   RTD: Youve seen nothing yet 🤣
Is his sonic going to be a futuristic remote control?
here comes the crapstorm
0:14 i can tell this duo is going to make me cackle alot
feels cool the doctor could be anyone.
He reminded me of 9
IMMA BE HONEST RN! the episode was amazing truely but! theres still 2 doctor's explain please??
He is hot.
My thoughts (only mildly spoilery): 1.  The Toymaker comes back after nearly 60 years and is defeated so easily?  I think they should've gone with an easier villain, and had the Toymaker be a whole season arc.  NPH, however, was phenomenal. 2.  I'm still not sure about that regeneration, but it kinda closes out the whole Time War thread and lets the Doctor just go on with his life. 3.  Plus it gave Gatwa a little more time on screen, and he's going to be phenomenal.  Seeing him in the club in this Christmas trailer, dancing joyously, does my (one) heart good. 4.  I wondered who picked up the [REDACTED] -- they had to have been someone affiliated with UNIT.  And I wonder who's going to play [REDACTED] in the future.  I'd like it to be the same person as in the 13th Doctor's tenure.
Unbelievably lazy ending for the toy maker. Even worse than the original. Oh you lost the game your banished bye 🤣 chibnall style solution to the problem
This is certainly cocky, confident Doctor. I like what I see so far.
Ncuti just has that twinkle of the Doctor, I can't wait till Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It was definitely an end of an era and a homage to past who!    All the mentions of past companions etc. 2 questions,what happened to the tooth and who picked it up?? 🤔🤔. Will watch the new episode to see if this long term fan will stick with it 🤞🤞
Welcome Doctor and Ruby! I hope you stick around for a while.
OMG, I haven't seen a second from The Church on Ruby Road and I already love Fifteen and Ruby! 😀☺
I thought the episode was going really well until the bi generation. The story had a weak finish. Played catch. Bye Toymaker.
This team up has grabbed me and I'll definitely be watching it on Christmas Day in a few weeks time!
Ncuti deserves WAY better than to have to continue from tennant's sloppy seconds
I am loving ncuti as the 15th , he really put his heart and soul into this. I am looking forward to his run & with millie Gibson. Good luck nctui & bring on Christmas day ❤
The Doctor going hog wild doing 360 spins in the club fills me with excitement for the new series
I’m mixed on the bi-generation thing but it’s a cool idea I guess knowing that 14ths journey isn’t over yet and 15ths is just beginning, begs the question however is how is the 14th supposed to regenerate? I mean the 15th Doctor already exists… oh well a question for another time
RTD is a madman with a show. I'm so glad he's back.  And Ncuti, welcome aboard. Christmas can't come soon enough.
also he feels like his own doctor right away where jodi and peter took a few episodes to a season to really make it their own and not imitate what other actors have done in the past
I’m glad David got a happy ending now bring on the daleks Russell!!!
NEW DOCTOR WHO YOUTUBE OUTRO!!!!
HE SAID THE THING! (Already subscribed for ages, but good to hear 😆)
I have never been sold on a Doctor this quickly. Ncuti sauntered out, and helped saved the world and his own mental health, without wearing pants. What an introduction.
a Doctor who really enjoys dancing 💓 that's just... fantastic!
DON'T FORGET TO CLICK BELOW AND SUBSCRIBE TO THE OFFICIAL DOCTOR WHO YOUTUBE CHANNEL 🥳 🎉
My God. What a disappointment. It seems to me that after this season I will have to call on Tennant again to get this series out of the bottom of the ratings.
Oh mr. Russell T. Davies! You Are A GENIUS! that was an incredible episode! definitely a fantastic way to introduce this new phase for Doctor Who... We can already see Ncuti will definitely be immensely brilliant as the 15th Doctor! I sure can't wait! Allons-y!!!
this was the perfect way to save the series and if they want tennant to do a spin-off series with the family and have their storylines tie together by the end of Ncuti's run but i love him already "I love you get out" perfect perfect love it
He's already won me over..
EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
So question is, who took the hood tooth? my money is on The Rani
So excited for this! Looks like they’re taking a new direction with the show, going into fantasy. Not sure how I feel about the sonic. Looks less like a screwdriver and more like a remote. Not really vibing with it.
I like his kilt or skirt and I hope to get me one or something
After a groundbreaking finale, with a few tearjerking moments, I am so looking forward to seeing Ncuti Gatwa's full debut on Christmas Day. And doesn't the trailer look fascinating! 🤩
While it's so incredibly sad having David gone already, god am I excited for Ncuti after watching The Giggle
You've redecorated! I kinda like it!
The giggle was an amazing episode, and it was definitely my favourite of the 3 specials, and I can't wait for Christmas  However, there is one thing I would like to see happen, and it hasn't got anything to do with any of the 3 60th specials or the 2023 Christmas special but what I want is the remaining stories of doctor who that is existing to be on BBC iplayer these are:  1. The complete animated version of "the abominable snowmen"  2. The complete newly animated version of "the underwater menace"  3. Scream of the shalka  4. Time crash ( although not too important )  5. The newly announced animated version of "the celestial toymaker" ( I know it still isn't out of DVD yet because it's only just been announced, but still, please put on BBC iplayer one day )  6. Any future animated lost stories to be on BBC iplayer  7. The 2 Peter cushion doctor who movies  8. "An unearthly child" to be on BBC iplayer ( I know the BBC and doctor who can't put that story on BBC iplayer because of the lawsuit but if this can be resolved one day then please put "an unearthly child" on BBC iplayer please )  I know this is asking for a bit much, but because of the whole "whoniverse" on BBC iplayer, I just think it would be good to have ALL of doctor who media on it  But yeah, "the giggle" definitely was incredible and can't wait for Christmas day with "the church on Ruby Road"
Hearing Ncuti Gatwa say the "Don't forget to subscribe" is great
This guy really brought energy back to the Doctor's
I dont know how to feel fter watching this trailer :/
Just regenerated and this Doctor’s already getting himself into trouble. It’s good to see some things never change. Welcome to the TARDIS Ncuti Gatwa. ☺️
So far looks pretty good
I AM SO READY!!!!!!!
I sense some GREAT adventures ahead!!!!!!! 😃👍
I like this new Doctor. He is so epic.
Christmas special finally back 🎄
I had high hopes. And they did not disappoint. I'm looking forward to the future, it's looking bright already🥂
Loved the giggle, also I have to say I really like the bi regeneration allowing 14 to process everything that's happened to the doctor up to that point. And love Mel with UNIT. Also 15 is amazing already
YAS THE DOCTOR IS GAY NOW
And for the second time David Tennat cannot stop making copies of himself that go to live a peaceful life with their companions.
DESTINATION    CHRISTMAS
Hot.
If I had a nickel for every time David's doctor became 2 I'd have 2 nickels, which isn't a lot but it's weird it happened twice.  And Donna was there both times..  (what I meant by this is Davids doctor "regenerating" and becoming 2 doctors at the same time. So The Meta crisis Doctor when donna touched the hand, and he later went to live with Rose. and then now he Bi-generates, and there''s 2 doctors at the same time. and then he goes to live with donna) Its like davids doctor has a habit of creating another version of himself. (maybe because he doesn't  "want to go" )
he ZESTY
I wasn’t too sure about the bi-regeneration before but now I think it’s a brilliant idea. 14 staying with the noble’s and 15 going around the universe as we know the doctor does. It means we might see David Tennant again in the future.  It was a brilliant episode and I’m excited for Christmas and the upcoming tenure with Ncuti Gatwa as the doctor. My 60th anniversary ratings are Episode 1 - 8/10 Episode 2 - 8/10 Episode 3- 9/10
Jezz what did I just watched why did the doctor split in half and I nearly cried at David regeneration but who picked up the golden tooth
OH MY OH MY OH MY I'M THRILLED
And i thought chibnall made it worse they've ruined the whole thing now
You can see the the Disney munneh... 🤑
And I will still be watching :D what a surprise!
Regeneration was a genius move­. Not only did it ensure longevity for the series well beyond the lifespan of the original actors, and allowed it to cope with departures or setbacks, but it also meant that the series was allowed to continue with new actors after over 15 years in limbo with no loss of continuity, and that any actor, of any age, gender, ethnicity or whatever, can be the next Doctor.
OMG NCUTI SAID THE LINE!
I already like him, he seems to have a little of Matt's fun side, while having David's serious side, with his own personality.   This is gonna be Ace. :)
0:24 he has a new sonic screwdriver that doesnt look like a normal sonic screwdriver i wonder when well get a reveal or buyable prop of it
Hearing Ncuti Gatwa say the doctor genuinely made my soul leave my body with excitement 😁
I AM SO EXCITED!!!! 🎉🎉😊😊
Yeah, I liked the last episode of Doc 14. I will have plenty to talk about! 😉
I’m SO EXCITED for the Christmas special! I love ncuti already!!!!
NEW SONIC???
Looks like fun, pity I won't be able to watch it. Dont have Disney and I refuse to buy it. My cable is expensive enough, thank you. Don't know why BBC America couldn't have kept The Doctor-- oh, silly girl-- it's the money, of course!
They have Americanised doctor who
That's what i was afraid of the most....
I've been wrong so many times about whether an actor is right for the role that I'm just going to ignore my gut feeling that this one won't be good.
So David tennant did not change face so we might see more of David tennant
Where is River?….SPOILERS.
I already love him. The joy, the cheek! Christmas can't come soon enough!
Even the final message to tell us to subscribe is incredible 😭😭😭
Thanks for a fantastic episode, an amazing regeneration and the lovely fact that I now can watch Doctor Who legally from Sweden on Disney + 👏
They didn’t even explain why The Fourteenth Doctor has the same face as The Tenth Doctor
Loved it and I love Ncuti, anyone else find it weird that NO ONE called him out for not putting trousers on? Edit; Yes I KNOW they split clothes (meaning 14 was freeballing the entire time), I’m more shocked that no one even mentioned it. I mean… damn those legs~
Gonna be so nice having Christmas specials again. I’ve missed them so much
Everything about the episode was great. Apart from the bi regeneration. Like just why? So the doctor gets a happy ending but also not. So many better ways to have done this
That episode was a wild ride
Amazing episode.
Not the kind of regeneration I was expecting. But still this new Doctor 🤔, gonna be fun to watch 😊
Phenomenal episode from start to finish. David Tennant delivers one of his best performances. Neil Patrick Harris was amazing as The Toymaker. Overall very pleased with the 60th Anniversary.  Really excited for this new era with Ncuti Gatwa as the Fifteenth Doctor
This looks promising!
THE GIGGLE WAS FIRE, BI-REGENERATION IS WHERE IT IS AT
Doctor who has gone woke and will ultimately fail
The Giggle was INSANELY GOOD! I loved it so much. It was so good to see the 14th doctor finally end up where he was suppose to be.
That was one of the worst regenerations ever. He isn’t even the real Doctor. He’s just a copy. The Not My Doctor Crowd must be loving this
I'm still freaking out about that ending!!
bros got that sonic cyber mat
Ncuti *IS* the Doctor, no doubt about it
Yessss I believe ncuti will be an amazing dr!!!’
The Doctor Dances!
What a twist in that episode. Can't wait to see where they go from there.
Love the 15th but gonna see how many deluded people gonna react to the bigeneration thing
Yes.. Yes you are the doctor..   Btw, new sonic?
Calrissian-like Charisma from the Doctor. Sign me up!
Oh Ncuti, you are already an absolute blast as Fifteen!!! Long live the Doctor!
You know there is a new doctor once they end off the video!
I was worried when I heard the leaks but I think it landed really well!!
I already love Ncuti as the Doctor
I found the giggle pretty insulting. So the Doctor basically goes into retirement and of all the companions and places he chooses an RTD era setting. Also, Im sick of David Tennant. JUST GO
Again he has a new sonic screwdriver
Je suis encore secoué par l'épisode d'aujourd'hui. J'ai trop hâte pour l'épisode de Noël
HE SAID RHE RHING
BI GENERATION OPENED THE DOOR FOR THE MASTER OR THE VALEYARD TO BE HIS OWN SELF. IM FOR THIS! Hit that like if ur excited!!!! Also discuss your theories below!
Will we get occasional appearences of tennant? 😭😭
He said it! He said the thing!
So many unanswered questions I have 😭 is David tennant still “A” time lord like can he regenerate still????, do we get a spin of for him ????? What’s next !!???????
I hope Doctor Gatwa succeeds.
HE SAID THE THING HE TOLD US TO SUBSCIBE
Is it a sonic disc?
I definitely feel Ncuti's enthusiasm for the role. I think he's gonna do great things as The Doctor.   Also I loved The Giggle and the new things it did. Wanna add this before all the controversial comments come in. Can't say they weren't warned about going into this episode by RTD beforehand. I love it when they mix things up.
Ncuti is an incredible actor, he is going to be a great Doctor
Welcome, Ncuti. Allonsy!
Looks kind of lame and childish, tbh.
Ncuti HAS FINALLY ARRIVED!!!!!
Finally rid of tennant 👍🏻
Not sure what to make of this Doctor yet
CHRISTMAS DAAAAAAYYYYYYYY
Giggle is so perfect! Totally love it and love the new Doctor!
That was absolutely terrible
0:24 Is That A New Sonic Screwdriver Or Not?
Doctor Who is back 🎉
It's official. He told us to subscribe!
The new sonic looks really different! Can’t wait to see it up close and in action.
OMG!! RTD THANK YOU!!!
Can't wait 😍
It may have been sad to see David go. But I am looking forward to the Christmas Special with the new Doctor
Is thay a new sonic screwdriver!? Because please take my money
Ncuti doing the ending amazing.
How is this not a remake of legends of sea devils. Hahahaha dancing doctor
NEW OUTRO NO WAY 🔥🔥
Epic
Tonight’s episode was CRAZY! 😂
Really refuse to let David Tennant go huh, idk how to feel about that regeneration ngl
Omg
Ncuti is a total star. can't wait for his run
That episode was amazing
J ai l impression que on va avoir un doctor rigolo et un peu mélanger entre 10 le 11 et le 5
I’m so confused is he the first doctor of an new character unrelated to the doctor and the original doctor is still David Tennant
So happy David is still alive
That's a bizarre spoon looking sonic 😂 but I guess we'll have to wait to get a good look at it
Ncuti is gonna be an Iconic Doctor
i’m so ready
Crazy that his is only 1 minute old
Welcome Doctor!!!!!
Its not doctor who
Epic episode
new sonic looks amazing!!!
HE SAID IT
I'm so excited for Ncuti Gatwa's run as the Doctor!!!
I don’t know how to feel about that episode. Like, no explanation for the clothes or a previous face. And shocker, comment section is just rolling with it 🤦🏻‍♂️
Really, the doctor clubbing like that?
Yes ❤❤❤❤
Doctor! Let's go
Fantastic.
Absolutely cannot wait
Oooh I’m ready and doctor your going to be absolutely FANTASTIC
Fantastic
my favorite of the three specials
Can’t wait for Christmas. I love Ncuti already. This is gonna be incredible
I am so ready to see the 15th doctor in action this Christmas
What an episode! Can't wait for the Christmas special!!!
And so it begins
i am so excited!!
Amazing!
Yo!
FIRST
Amazing
YESSS
Okay but why could the wheelchair girl walk?  Edit : thank you guys for the clarity
