"EUER VOLK HUNGERT!"
This game is absolutely amazing.
The only thing keeping their stocks from crashing, but we all know it's inevitable.
We need Anno for Old Egypt.
I was so absolutely psyched for this game on ps5, unfortunately I've had to refund my pre order as they have removed the ability to stream the store edition to the portal? That's the only way I can play it right now. Why not just enable it?
i love anno, but ubisoft has done to many things wrong. i will buy it if its someday on a sale for 5 bucks. or if the rights for it have finally been bought away from ubisoft. however till then not 1 cent goes towards ubisoft anymore.
No matter because this game also requires shitty Ubisoft launcher which I wowed to never install on my pc again
First impression is: This guy is reading a script. like yeah of course he is but why is it so distractingly obvious lmao
This game looks pretty awesome. I’m actually gonna purchase it on my pc instead of console.  The game looks lots of fun.
I just canceled my pre-order. I’ve already seen too much content, too many spoilers, tricks, and gameplay clips everywhere. It completely killed my excitement for the game.  It’s honestly ridiculous that streamers who will play it once get access almost a month before the players who actually pay for it. What’s even the point of pre-ordering if everything gets spoiled before release?  Ubisoft really messed this one up. Instead of building hype, they just burned all the excitement. Keep your early access. I’m out.
First of all: I won`t buy full price as long as multiple useless youtube/twitch channels got an early access. Second thing: I think Anno 1800 is the absolut prime and maybe this one will be more like 2070, nice to buy after 3 years in christmas sale but not for full price....
Will it be 30 fps on consoles?
i'm 28, and i discovered anno with anno 1800. it was the first time in my life that i spent that much time on a video game ever outside of any competitive game. and this is the first time in my life that i'm actually WAITING so much for a game to be released. pax romana seems like the absolute perfect game, i cant wait to spend endless days and weeks on it !!!
I am shocked in a good way! JUST WOW!
im gonna buy a new pc just to play this bruh
Eu5 now this
so roman simcity
Rome: Total War, meets Cities Skylines!! I love it 🙌
Ave quirites. S.P..Q.R.
APPROVED !!1
Remake of Caesar 3 and 4
But I want it now! *Insert family guy meme
Build anno setting in futuristic city
you guys made a beautiful game. cant wait to try it out.
The narrator's annoying voice pisses me off.
This is an absolutely beautiful Deep Dive 😍😍
What Platform is this on?
Anno é tão bom 🥰
A game with a 100 euro pricetag...no way in h-- I will buy that
Dayyuumm  bro
Alter Wein in neuen Schläuchen
you guys are still alive? still not bankrupted? I will not buy a single ubisoft game anymore. please be history already. seeing your name is enough to vomit.
Wäre es denn verdammt nochmal nicht möglich, endlich mal ein Anspiel für MAC´s zu machen ? Die Zahl der Mac- und Linuxnutzer steigt stetig. Dann können wir halt " keinem Römer ins Nasenloch schauen" , weil´s die Grafik nicht schafft .  0 A.D. läuft in voller Auflösung und mit Antialising usw. einwandfrei schon auf nem Mac mini mit M2 Prozessor. Ich habe zwar auch ne XBOX, aber am Schreibtisch mit Maus und Tastatur ist`s doch was anderes.
no waaaaay
Very hyped about the game 🎉🎉🎉 I really love the Anno games ❤ Thank you guys for the Roman Empire period 🙏🏼
You want me to play Watchdogs Legion I literally just ordered Watchdogs 2 ! Yep I did ! This should be interesting #Ubisoft love my friend's 🩵
A yes, an uncomplete game with a fullprice price and let me guess, tons of dlcs to come. Bullshit.
So Hyped for this so happy we get actual ground based warfare.
Awesome, look better than 1800,  and 1800 was already supreme,   the hype reach lvl maximum
Tolles Video!
I really enjoyed anno 1800. But other games from ubi have me hesitant. I don’t think I’ll preorder, but I’ll watch the reviews with hope and then make my decision.
The army’s seam kinda small
my girlfriend almost left me when I was playing 1800s, looking forward for this one
estara en ubisoft +??
can i become the emperor eventually? 🤣
Ça l’air vraiment le fun
The version on PS5, will be compatible with mouse and keyboard?
Bro...this might be GOTY
This game seems like the high-tech spiritual successor to Ceaser III
Am I the only one feeling the vibes of the old Civitas from FX Interactive?
Build a building in 1 sec breaks the joy
Looks great, although I would've prefered a Greek anno over a Roman one. Because it would fit better with their many islands and colonies.
Großartiger Trailer - tolle Bilder und dazu dieser Sprecher. Diese Stimme ist wunderbar, einfach unglaublich - ich hoffe so sehr, dass dieser Sprecher auch im Spiel vorkommt. Als ich die Demo gespielt habe und da plötzlich eine weibliche Stimme ertönte, war ich sehr enttäuscht - das passt irgendwie nicht. Kann es nicht mehr erwarten, dass das Spiel herauskommt - ich zähle schon die Tage.
It looks great, but as an old city builder fan who haven’t played any games in this series, I’m a bit concerned about the size of the islands😅
Wow can't wait. Please no Denuvo though.
i cant wait to see this game. it looks amazing
Someone recommended this game to me and I was really excited until I saw it was made by Ubisoft.
Ouah du très lourd nous attend 😃On va se régaler !!! Après 30ans de jeux vidéos de loin les "Anno" sont mes préférés, merci UBISOFT 😍
Moin, Moin!  Nachdem Die Streamer nun einen Vorabzugriff auf die Vollversion von Anno 117 bekommen und fleißig gestreamt haben, sind mir doch einige Änderungen bei dem UI, der Einfärbung vieler Gebäudedächer und vor allem bei den Icons, insbesondere verschiedener Waren-Icons im Vergleich zur spielbaren Demo und diesem Trailer aufgefallen.    Ich habe das Gefühl, dass einiges von stimmigen Atmosphäre und der visuellen Harmonie der Demo im aktuellen Build verloren gegangen ist.  Ich möchte euch schildern was mir aufgefallen ist:   1. Mein größtes Anliegen: Die Waren-Icons Die neuen Icons im Vergleich zur Demo finde ich fast durchweg als eine Verschlechterung. Sie wirken oft weniger logisch, weniger stimmig oder sind schwerer zu erkennen.  •	Holzfäller: In der Demo fand ich die 3 aufeinander gelagerten Stämme schon super. Das passte visuell perfekt zu den 3 Brettern und den 3 Kohlebriketts. Der einzelne Stamm in der Vollversion wirkt daneben leider inkonsistent und "unharmonisch".  •	Hanfhof: Das Hanffaser-Icon aus der Demo war sehr passend. Man hat sofort verstanden: "Ah, das wird für Kleidung/Textilien benutzt." Das neue, einzelne Hanfblatt reißt mich persönlich total aus der Immersion. Es sieht aus wie aus einem "Weed-Simulator" und wirkt viel zu modern für eine antike Warenkette.  •	Bäckerei (Brot): Das römische, angeschnittene Brot aus der Demo war sofort als Brot zu erkennen. Beim neuen Icon rätsle ich. Durch die Farbe und die fehlenden Scheiben könnte es ehrlich gesagt auch eine Tonform sein. Die schnelle Erkennbarkeit auf einen Blick ist für mich hier weg.  •	Eisenbarren: Ich fand die keltischen Doppelspitzbarren aus der Demo erfrischend. Ein historisch passendes Detail! Der neue, normale Barren ist dagegen leider generisch und austauschbar – er könnte direkt aus Anno 1800 stammen.  Das sind nur die auffälligsten Beispiele, die mir beim Zuschauen und Spielen aufgefallen sind. Auch die Vogelzungen in Aspik erkennt man kaum noch, Marmor und Glas wurde auch geändert. Die Icons der Demo wirkten auf mich einfach durchdachter, liebevoller und vor allem passender.  Meine Bitte:  Die alten Icons der Demo bitte nochmal ansehen und überlegen, sie zurückzubringen?   2. Mein Anliegen als "Schönbauer": Die Dächer Ich liebe es, in Anno schöne Städte zu bauen. Die neuen Dachfarben machen mir das aber leider schwerer.  •	Öffentliche Gebäude (Polizei, Feuerwehr etc.): Ich verstehe total, dass die bunten Dächer (wie in Anno 1800) der schnellen Übersicht dienen. Aber für das Stadtbild einer antiken Stadt ist das ein echter Atmosphäre-Killer. Es passt optisch einfach nicht hinein.  •	Wohnhäuser (Stufe 1): In der Demo fand ich gut, dass die rot-bräunlichen Ziegeldächer der Stufe 1 und 2 harmonierten. Die neuen, stark gelblichen Dächer der Stufe 1 sehen daneben sehr künstlich aus (Zumindest ist das mein Eindruck, dass sie nun gelber sind).  Wäre es nicht möglich, eine Option im Menü einzubauen? Damit könnte jeder Spieler selbst entscheiden, ob er diese "Gameplay-Farben" zur besseren Unterscheidung aktivieren möchte oder lieber eine optisch harmonische, antike Stadt baut. Das wäre der perfekte Kompromiss für alle! Was meint ihr dazu?  Beste Grüße!
Best anno already!
Anno 1800 + Age of Empires, sign me up
Why do you release game to creators early? this devaulated the game by 50% for me (just like a car driving out of the showroom) I'll wait for a sale since I wont pay big bucks for game that's not new. It's most fun for everybody when game releases globally.
I want it now!
Caesar 3 needs a remake.. oh wait....
i never played anno, can somebody just tell if its comparable to age of empires for example, I mean the strategic battles, or is it focused more on building? i was big fan of age of empires or also bannerlord, or medieval total war, so dont know if this anno would be something for me.
Roman Fortifications
IS NOBODY GOING TO TALK ABOUT THE DRAG BUILDING AT 1:50???? THAT'S SO GOOD
I have never played an Anno game before but I love Ancient Rome.  Very excited to play this !!
ps5 ??
Ein großes Lob an den Sprecher des Trailers! Hat mich total abgeholt. Fühlte mich sofort wieder zu Hause. Stimmbild und -klang wie in den (ganz) alten Serienteilen. Chapeau!
might unironically be Ubisofts best franchise right now
Anno 1800 with a bit of upgrades. Wont buy smth from ubi no more.
Wow the addition of military units looks great. Can I also build military land units in Anno 1800? I never played Anno but Caesar 3 was one of my favorite games many years ago. This looks just like a modern version of Caesar 3.
Belle Bande-annonce mais "A quand une bande-annonce en français quand c'est un studio français qui fait le jeu"??? ARF!!!! ras le coquillard de passer après l'anglais!!!
Hi. I want to write my own scenarios for residents and rulers. How do I do this?
Can’t wait to completely ignore diplomacy, turn off all AI competitors, and just lose myself in the glorious chaos of supply chains and trade routes like a sleep-deprived logistics goblin. ❤
Finally ground warfare again.. and walls..
Casually dropping Year One roadmap at the end. Day 1!
The fact that we are getting a modern extremely detailed city/trade simulation game in the roman period fills me with so much excitement. I truly hope they nail this one because what we are getting and what they have planned for just this first year alone it looks like we're eating good people.
Im 40 being a gamer since small kid. Im excited about this game. Cant wait :)
played the demo it sucked pretty bad hopefully it gets changed up alot
These games any good?
There goes my ubisoft boycott
no slaves for a game about rome
Is this like the ultimate modern version of Caesar 3? I used to love this game so much...
😮
Anno is Ubisoft best franchise left
Can we get an Ancient Rome Assassin's Creed game?
If I play it I am playing it pure Celt
Well, I can’t wait to play that but not yet I got things to finish, but maybe I lost 19 times I played anno 1800 😭. When I’m done with that now, I’ll be playing that.
Hi level of hype. ❤❤
It's been ages since I last played a 4x game, this might be my next one
I feel like this is the only game series that Ubisoft has that gets better with each game.
Is the anno series really known outside Germany??
Посмотреть бы как играют сами разработчики игры . Это интересно !
Close enough, Caesar 3 is back !
Man the only  Series Holdin it down for Ubisoft..looks amazing
It seems really nice
Still only grid building, a real shame. Take a look at Manor Lord.
Why always islands? Doesn't make sense. So ugly maps
looks good
So they stole the game mechanics from Caesar 3 and just modernized it
This looks awesome! Cant wait
Cant wait can we also maybe get a isometric small filed anno. I miss the old graphics.
What a beautiful game
I wish I could pause the world for a thousand years just to be able to catch up on all games I'm interested in.
schon krass dass es, seitdem es die Menschen gibt, in 117 Jahren technisch und architektonisch von der Höhle zu solchen Meisterwerken geschafft hat
Des wird so nice werden  Kann es kaum noch erwarten bis zum 13.11 ❤❤❤❤
Letsss goooooooo
im pumped!
I've been playing Anno since Anno 1404. And I've been a huge Rome fan since Rome: Total War. The crossover between these two games is a gift for people like me. Finally, a year for strategy fans: Warchammer Down of War, Heroes of Might and Magic, Lessaria fantasy kingdom sim, Anno. Go for it, Ubisoft!!!
That has to be the best trailer ever
steam please
It would be an honour to play this masterpiece ❤❤
Aesthetically this games looks beautiful. heard the performance is pretty bad though.
빨리 하고 싶어
I haven't played an Anno yet, that time comes soon I hope.
in the thumbnail it has award but games not even released yet lmao
No Christianization path ? .Man , game ruined .
Anno “One-hundred and Seventeen” ❌  Anno “Eleven Seven” ✅
These UI colors make me sad.
This company still around? 😂
Time for those sanity warnings! ☕
After 1800 they finally add the most logical thing - modular ships. I cant wait for new anno)))))
Release already!
As soon as I heard ornaments I knew this was going to be a micro transaction fest... Check back in 8 months to see if I'm right :)
100,000 hours incoming
Will this require a Ubisoft account to play or can I simply buy it and play?
So... i guess ill talk about the elephant in the room. Is there going to be slaves in this game?
I hope they dont fudge this up
I'm not going to lie the game looks incredible but waiting five years for it to be completed via all it's DLC is just gong to put me off buying it, I want whole games not bits of games that are slowly put together over a long development cycle.
This is 90% Ano 1800  and somehow i do not critic that ,  hoping for a decent price though :)
It looks like a great game, it's sad to think how ubisoft is gonna make it bad
I have a feeling that this launch is a Rome Era Grift and the game is just a re-skin of the Anno 1800.  Hold tight for the flop, boys!!!  A flop with 40 DLCs!! 🤣
Keen as a 3 legged goat!
I'm not a huge fan of the blue UI, but if the game is as good as 1800 im sure ill get used to it.
Very interested 👌
great game..i just hate UBISOFT too much :/ pass
Not worth getting until at least 3 years into release due to all the cut content they feed us as DLC. And you can get it on deep sale at that point.
This will be my official starting point. I always felt those Anno games looked off, unpolished, prototype-ish. Now this one got my attention. This will be my first bought game of 2025... The gaming industry is so disappointing lately. Anyway, this looks lovely.
love the military additions!
I hope they do a viking/medieval one after that.
dear@ubisoft you can make with ai very easy turkish subtitle but you cant add turkish language in your games what a dilemma huh ? in 2025 in ai age ? wtf really ?
''A time of peace'' 🤣
I'm just as hyped for this as I was for Anno 1800
0:00 Intro 1:32 Getting Started 4:32 Values 7:45 Diplomacy 8:49 Military 10:35 Multiplayer 11:00 Beyond The Campaign
Anno series never misses, Ubi delivering a strong consistent title
Anno è l'unica serie ubisoft che si sta evolvendo nel tempo in modo positivo.   La complessita e la soddisfazione della gestione economica di Anno ora avrà la sua completezza con un reparto militare, stupendo. Sicuramente sarà un test una prova ma resta comunque un ottima innovazione per una serie economica.  Immaginate se anno 1800 avesse avuto le battaglie campali dell epoca. Immenso.  Sono convinto che in futuro la serie si sposterà verso i conflitti mondiali e lii raggiungeremo l'apice della serie.
"Give your emptiness to Jesus, before it is filled with other things that will lead you to death" Jesus loves you and you are more capable and more incredible than you imagine❤
Game looks promising, but is it me or the graphics are exactly the same as ANNO 1800 ?
I tried the demo,  the interface looks more complicated and confused that it should be (especially the building menu, the markers above buildings). The administrative buildings seems to have a low range as well, compared to the other Anno games. I am not convinced to buy this one, I will stick with 1800, to me that is the best Anno ever made.
Is it November 13 yet???? Common
Very much looking forward to this one
not a single black skinned person to be seen in a Ubisoft trailer? I am actually impressed my first wishlisted game from ubi since wildlands
Liebes Ubisoft Team , ich als großer Anno Fan der die  Anno Reihe schon seit dem ersten Anno 1602 liebt und ich spreche auch für andere Annofans , sind sehr traurige darüber das die großen Content Creater auf YouTube und co , schon mit der Vollversion von Anno 117 PAX Romana prallen sie Spoilern somit alle Millionen Annofans die den Release Tag entgegen fiebern und nehmen ihnen die Freude daran selbst Dinge  entdecken zu können. Auch die Auflagen die sie dafür bekommen haben sind nicht wirklich eine Auflage und Einschränkung. Ich verstehe das vor dem großen Release des Spiels die Werbetrommel angeworfen werden muss, aber sowas ist eher enttäuschend für alle anderen Anno Fan,s denn ihnen wird die Freude genommen und das sind die potentiellen Käufer und Liebhaber dieser Serie.  Ich kann garnicht sagen wie traurig mich sowas macht denn ich habe dadurch schon Dinge sehen können ungewollt die ich gerne selbst entdeckt habe.  Ich liebe ihre Arbeit sehr aber so etwas kann ich nicht nachvollziehen da diese Content Creater schon mehrfach die Möglichkeit hatten in das Spiel rein schauen zu können und es gab auch eine Demo die verlängert wurde. Ich kann meine Enttäuschung nicht in Worten fassen.  Mit freundlichen Grüßen ein Großer Anno Fan seit 1602
i hope u dont ruin it , anno and settlers(RIP) my most beloved strategy games , pls dont screw up
wow
Such a talented team working on the anno franchise - absolutely incredible.
never played a anno game before! been dying to play a strategy game for a few years and this looks like it could be the one!!! Roll on the ps5 release
Is this Caesar V?
This is genuinely incredible
Ahh yes "diplomacy," it never worked with me and Anne Harlow in 1800 so she'd be continuously wiped off the map. She had daddy anger issues
This is such a beautiful looking game!
Is it inspired by Manor Lords or was Manor Lords inspired by something else? It feels very similar to me.
11:44 An elephant on a boat? Curious where that is for
My First preorder since Rome II total war :D
This is a dream come true. DO NOT SCREW IT UP.
Please, remove denuvo from 1800 or, even better, add it to GOG anno catalog. I'm literally waiting years to buy the game. And likely will buy this one if it will be available without anti-consumer measures.
My name is Maximus Decimus Meridius and i will fight for strength and honor.
The only German game which never disappoints. They really put much effort into it.
Look amazing, can't wait!
Looks very nice
Ubisoft, please add Turkish language support. plss <3
I think I just felt butterflies in me tummy
Not much about how competitor AI has improved.  It was an issue with 1800,  the competitors were just potemkin villages.  Blockading or cutting their trade didn't do much.
Oooh, tier 3 roads, cool
Are the subtitles out of sync for anyone else?
The UI is the ugliest and most dissapointed thing of Anno 117, get rid of it. It takes the Immersion away and give us an UI for the Nation u play.
very cool ....not gonna lie - so tempted to jump right in  .  Good job  UbiSoft
I love that manor lords has influenced everything coming after......it just makes for more great games.
This is lit!!
Its been years i've been so hyped for a game...
It would be nice if there were larger land masses that can host multiple cities, to conquer or destroy
Stone roads** not marble
there's a hot redhead in the menu and not an African transsexual? woah
Reskin of 1800 with diagonal roads
If you ever had one last chance Ubisoft, this is it. Don't mess it up!
I played anno 1800 for 1300 hours and cant wait for anno 117.
This looks awesome! I will definitely be buying!
The creators of Anno ALLWAYS delivered. And it is nice to see, that Ubisoft slowly starts to recognize the Anno-devs and their franchise. So please Ubisoaft, let them do their magic, DO NOT interveneand keep your out-of-touch-mangers as far away as possible, so this new Anno can shine as bright as ever.
Wished I could afford to play this!
If everything we've seen in this video is true, this might genuinely be one of the greatest games of all time! It literally has everything anybody could ever dream of!  Amazing work devs! :)
so hyped! we're going to mars b!#%%@$
Ok.. this game ABSOLUTELY demolishes Age of Empire franchise...  Please please tell me there will be gore, i want to be able to rule as a twisted, psycho, violent governor and subject any dissidents with absolute violence like crucifiction and enslave people from my rtival's lands.
I am blown tf away!!  Dying to play this
The game just looks so good! The buildings, the military, everything seems so well-thought-out.
Im so hyped !!
How could it win anything yet? Lmao. This thing is overhyped. Mark my words.
this game is saving ubisoft legitimacy
Drain the swamp!
❤❤
I wasn't a fan of the 1808 and further. Might just be the modern ages, cause I loved the earlier games.
idea for next Anno: Age of Mythology style fantasy city builder
the game will suck.... nothing can beat 1800
Change the UI. It looks hideous, and too big and cumbersome. 1404 had the best UI, so take inspiration from your past work. This UI is not it.
The restriction of one hour gameplay in the demo is wounding lol
Wait. Am I... hyped?
Sick but still not pre-ordering
dont't preorder
i'm so mad that the ui isnt colored red/orange
Caesar 4 spiritual successor?? Looks great
I would like to play in this game with non-instant construction. Half of immersion destroyed with this magical 1 second construction. (And I hope all captured buildings aren't evaporates after you win)
11 years after the fall of Dacia
I'm sure the first DLCs will be in Roman Egypt and/or Middle East
Will I be happy trying this series out on PlayStation and with a controller? Been moving away from PC and while I know this is the type of game that would benefit from M+K just wondering what everyone’s experience is playing with a controller?
I never thought the phrase "diagonal roads" could bring me so much joy
Egypt expansion pack... Wow im excited!
I do like the diplomacy & military shown here, but already have lost most of my interest since the demo, as a long time player it just doesn't feel up to par to the series, anno 1800 was a masterpiece while this feels like typical ubisoft junk.
Why art looks like AI generated? :X
I'll stick with my stronghold definitive edition thanks. I'll check on this game in a year or two but I can tell its not going to make it
I cannot wait for all of the cups of coffee
I hope there are more gods there. I also wish it were more coherent. Like the map of Europe. But I wonder where the emperor would be located then. Where is the city of Roma itself? Being able to start a civil war to take control would fit so well. And there definitely needs to be more cultures and provinces. It should be a fully-fledged game so it really feels like an ancient Anno. Where Roma is, of course, number one. Just as it was in ancient times. I will always serve Roma. There is no doubt about my loyalty, and I will enjoy the war in the game. Against the barbarians.  🦅🌿
You add so-called deities but you don't add Jesus Christ in your game even tho Christianity was already making waves in the year 117 AFTER CHRIST (we name years by Christ btw) - learn more history if you make a historical game
GTA 6 who dis?
Ceaser IV :2025
If you deliver what you promise here, i will buy for sure. But i shall wait, no pre order, especially from you.
I am really hyped for the game and I know it will be epic. So far I watched only the trailers to get me maximum experience out of it after the release (not like Anno 1800 where I red and watched everything). 😮😊
This game will be BONKERS!
Last good thing Ubisoft has left. Looks amazing
It's almost impossible to believe that this IP is still published by Ubisoft
The one game Ubisoft hasn't ruined yet, please keep it going strong with the Anno!
Looks good and the tech tree plus the religious benefits add another layer of progression and strategizing to this great series. Add a voice toggle for population types though xD.
I'm SO incredibly hyped for this game. Been an Anno fan for more than half my life, and I remember about ten years ago thinking how wonderful it would be to get an installment taking place in ancient Rome. This is a dream come true! Can't wait!
A AAA that doesn't try and shoehorn in gross black and square jawed lesbian characters? Sold.
Caesar III nostalgy tear...
Finally they lost the one way grid system, now we can build more dynamic and fluid cities, which was my major gripe with this game series.
My question is, what is your problem with the Persian language? Why don't you have Persian subtitles?😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
It's like Caesar 3 + Anno 1404. Looks very promising. Love the ability for land battles. Settling everything at sea reduces opportunities.
So, they're sticking with the much maligned UI from the demo apparently. What a shame.
By the sword, we shall take another island for the glory of Rome!
I'm looking forward to the game, but I'm pretty deeply concerned about how the celtic route doesn't seem to have ANY impressive set pieces. The Roman side looks great, but I feel like I'm dealing with the mud-squatting Battanians from Mount and Blade. I would really like to be wrong, because at this point I sincerely doubt anything can be changed. I do like the DLCs teased, volcanos sound fun and Egypt looks like a blast. I imagine its the same situation where we can choose Roman or Egyptian paths, though that tells me that side cultures will probably have a fraction of the love Rome got.
Oh, there will be no peace in MY Rome.
As Student of History and Archaeology I'm especially excited to see the representation of the Celtic culture. It's mostly what has been covered this far in my studies.  And teasing an Egypt DLC right out the door is also awesome. I hope the Anno 1800 trend of great DLCs continues with 117.
TF WITH BLACK CENTURION... UNHISTORICAL!!!
Even as a fan of Anno 1800, After the rippoff with Cities skylines 2 gonna wait untill there are a number of reviews first
combat mechanics is the one i'm most hyped about, a touch of Total War series!
Hmm, it would be cool to have option for seasonal changes and bad years for crops, forcing to import or adapt production, and military result affecting God of war worship. And how that would that affect worshipping when a disaster strikes, as "uhg, Gods are angry we demand a sacrifice". Simple "worship and things improve/get stat bonus" seems a little bit like simplification.
Mars is also a Roman god of agriculture.
Framerate already suffering in the trailer.
I am no city planner by any means. I think the last time I played something like this was beta for Manor Lords and it was interesting but just wasn't my cup of tea. I'm more single player open world type like Cyberpunk for example, but watching this kinda has me hooked mainly because I just finished a 100+ hour play through of Assassin's Creed Valhalla and seeing all the Romanesque architecture all over England has got me wanting to get stuck in to the Roman time period and this game, may scratch that itch even more.
Seems a retexturing of the last game
finally, a Caesar 3 remake is here 👏
Omg I’m so excited 😂😂 glad I am single no wife or girlfriend to say you’re playing again💯🤣
Le GOTY 2025 !!!
Absolutely annoholic
roman golden age, a time of peace, haha
Ubisoft will do anything but give us a proper AC game set in Ancient Rome
I wish they add Persian as a DLC, with their unique architecture and civil system game will be the best if Unisoft adds Persian as well
Buildanimation of the Colosseum would be great.
Looks interesting to have such a combat in an Anno game, i just hope it will be at least complex like 1800. I really liked the mechanics to push the production with items and to have a massive amount of people in my cities.
yaaa dayadda, great, release the other regions.
A very well made and informative video, a rarity these days.
Looks cool, oh wait, it’s Ubisoft. Nvm.
:)
This reminds me one of my childhood most beloved game - Caesar III. I'm all in on this. Please be good!
chinese woman as competitor.... wow inclusion!
11:59 why the f is the german government funding Anno?
Ubiflop!
ok, I'm so so hyped! :D
Am I the only one who gets the vibe of an Anno 1800 DLC rather than a completely new game? Don't mind me the game looks awesome nonetheless
Haha are you kidding me! We get to go to Egypt too! I’ve been dreaming of this game my entire life, thank you!
One of the few franchises Ubisoft didn't manage to destroy, but never doubt them...
Why no Mac version
Please for the love of god change the UI, it just doesn't feel right. Like we would be playing a futuristic Anno.
I didn’t think there was going to be military in the game so I was going to pass… never mind! This looks amazing, will probably end up getting the season pass
And that's how you make a trailer! Super excited!
It was so much fun in Anno 1800 to play coop with a friend and split up tasks. So chill. Would love to also play the campaign in coop, everyone has to try it with a friend. It's SO good
I ask the developers: It would be possible to walk around the cities with a first-person view? As a simple observer of details from a first-person perspective.
This looks AWESOME
Usually I'm not very hyped about new games. But this time it feels so different and I cannot wait at all to dive into endless hours of ANNO. Great work guys!
Go full Arminius lol.
The male portraits feel underwhelming and lack Roman representation. You've got the standard vanilla curly-haired guy, the bald type, the elderly figure, another generic dude with hair, a couple of Gauls, and then Yasuke. But it desperately needs more variety and iconic types, like featured Octavian (Augustus), Mark Antony or proper roman haircuts.
Comment for more exposure.
Egypt dlc with elephant units???,
lmminent Bankruptcy : UBI shares at lowest 20 years !!!
British/Scottish accents in Latium feel out of place hope they change it.
Dont know man, coming from ubiwoke I can imagine the core of the game will be really flat. I expected buildings were random like it was in simcity, the atheistic will feel more adult and real, but this feels....something is off.
yeah, and you're going to need a quantum computer to run it properly...
I wonder if they will add additional regions like Egypt, Germania etc - that would be so cool.
This game is going to be big
I played the demo and... it's a soulless reskin of the previous two titles in the series. There is literally nothing new as far as I could see, but it does have even worse performance. It's gonna be dogwater for all but the dyest of hardest anno fanboys and girls. Gonna take a wide berch and you should too. Ubi$oft does not deserve any recognition or a dime for this. Let alone their anti-consumer actions in the past few years. Take a plunge Ubisoft
This game looks incredible
Probably going to be garbage! Like anything Ubisoft touches nowdays!
Hammer
Absolute peak! 10/10
I'd love the play this game, looks so cool. Same with the other anno games. I never will, i refuse to use the garbage that is Uplay. Sad that this studio loses so many gamers because of their stupid publisher.
Soo the game look pretty bad .... it looks like it belongs on a ps4 second the UI looks like it is from Temu and  this is just from a sneek peak ... Uuu I really am waiting to see how bad  this will be once the game is out but right now I  really don't think this is going to be a  buy on day one
Rare ubisoft win
Ubisoft, you should Copy the management style of Mainz ❤
Thousand hours in anno 1800, literally cannot wait for the anno 117
GIVE IT TO ME!!!
I'll slaughter a chicken for a smooth release with many exhilarating expansions to come! Roma Victor!
This will be my intro to the anno series. I look forward to it!
I WANT IT NOOOOOOW
Remove DRM.
Rare Ubisoft w
Please give a us a setting to have classic Menu like Anno 1800, the new menu is really hard to play with
Very excited
"Hide the bottle, it's the boss!"  "Look sharp, Guvnah's here!"
I need it NOW
I'm actually shocked there's nearly no red flags with this. Seems like a dream come true. If it does what it promises, I really hope it's hugely successful - they would have earned it.
I dont really play games like this but I most want a AC game during Roman empire so this will do til
I will admit I had intended to hold off, buy it like I did 1800 when a few seasons had come and gone, however . . . I had tingles watching this.   Speaking now to those who might be concerned because this is Ubisoft, well, here's my take: the Anno series has never done me wrong even though the last couple of entries contained extremely rare . . . modern audience elements that doomed their other most recent - and doomed unrelated game companies more recent endeavors to the bin of outright stupidity; doing pushups because the characters misgendered each other is pretty effing stupid as a game play loop with someone else's game we can admit.   "Diverse aunts need diverse jobs" is the one line item I saw in 117's demo, barely worth mentioning as it will likely be the most we'll see in 117 of THAT vocal yet insignificant base mentality. Compare and contrast to a nonbinary love interest of a man who was barely a footnote in history despite being stereotyped by Ubisoft as a main character AND doing so with Hip Hop tracks - no, 117 seems like something to buy as soon as November 1st rolls around for me. That's my take, just one rando user on the net.
Please remove AVX instructions
SO G'DAMN PUMPED
combat on land is going be great
Wirkt sehr vielversprechend und ist wahrscheinlich das letzte Spiel, das euch noch retten kann, wenn man es nicht mit Wokeness oder anderem ideologischen Mist versaut. Man hat sich wirklich gute Ideen von Civilization und Total War abgeschaut. Das Gottheiten und Forschungssystem kann sehr motivierend wirken, wenn man dadurch komplett neue Mechaniken und visuell unterschiedliche Gebäude erhält. Wenn jetzt noch das Kampfsystem gut ist und man ein kleines bisschen Age of Empires einbaut, ohne den Tiefgang im Aufbau zu vernachlässigen, könnte das tatsächlich das beste Anno werden. Dass man Ägypten als großen DLC einplant, ist ebenfalls sehr passend und clever  man kann Assets aus AC Origins wiederverwenden und vielleicht sogar kleine, stimmige Crossover Geschichten einbauen. Ich hoffe wirklich, dass es am Ende etwas wird und  man es nicht durch Konzernentscheidungen ruiniert.
I always hated when im still learning basic mechanics and efficient supply chains on my first island and ai already capturing their 3rd island
I hope this is good, seems like a way better Manor Lords
Is this the first time we've seen ground troops and Ground combat in an Anno game? I can only ever remember sea combat. That in itself is a breath of fresh air
Can't believe Im gonna say this about an Ubi game, but it looks good.
Dont mess up Ubisoft and fix Ubiconnect so i wont crash out unable to play because of it
beyond good an evil 2 where is it ubisoft
Very nice
It's a roman game and there's no politics or power struggle in it, lol that's such a crucial aspect and the game doesn't even mention it.
Man, this's huge😮. But 11:08 Is that a black guy as a legion commander?
I am more excited to play Anno 117 than GTA VI. And you can quote me on that:D
Anno and Rome in one game? A dream come true!
AGENT ANNO 47
Ubisoft, hire me, a lecturer in Roman archaeology, to train your VO artists how to properly pronounce Latin and Celtic names/terms :P
"My stomach churns anew" how exited I am for this game, even taking some days off to play it when it comes out!
Gebt dem Fußvolk endlich das Spiel, Streamer dürfen auch schon, das ist nicht fair!
I. AM. SP.. ermm, READY!
Mal schauen, ob ich die 3000 Stunden von Anno 1800 in Anno 117 noch übertreffen werde. 😊
OMFG - you guys COOKED!!! I can not wait for this!!! 🖤
If this launches with an unholy amount of bugs and runs at 5fps I'm done with gaming
Looks soo good!
WAS WAS WAS DAS IST WUNDERBAR
I'd pick this up if I were allowed to own it.
YES! That is it. Just inject it in my veins.
Ubisoft and dear Anno team.. U did something fenomenal, again..
tieftaucher?
OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤OMG ❤
damnnnm, i love it, alrady  buy it, nice !!!!
A collection of dated genre conventions, with zero fs given about how Roman governors actually operated at this time in history.
I swear the ANNO series are the last line of defense of Ubisoft ❤😭 incredible
My jaw is on the floor. Well done devs
😮😮😍😍
I didn't know there were black centurions sigh...
Ich glaube ich habe meinen 10.000 Stunden Anno noch nie eine Kampagne gespielt xD
One of the best strategy devs still going, love they put more effort into the military.
I want to be the House of Julia like in rome total war
Turkish Language Support Please
DLC when?????    LOL Yes, I am being sarcastic.    I know the game is not out until next month.
Yooo Ubisoft! Hope this runs on Linux as well as Anno 1800, then I'm sold!
Do they have best pc game award already and its not released or what's that
I'm really looking forward to it.👍
It looks like the Ilands are bigger? Didn’t like in the previous series that I needed 2or 3 ilands to make my colony working   And Al’s didn’t like the boat go off the map to the new world ? How is it in this map?
dude ubisoft calls it 117 but makes it about the romans. The Spartans are rolling their eyes
Locking units and buildings behind research seems like a bad idea, I feel like those should be similar to old Anno (population unlocks), but maybe keep the buffs and upgrades as research?   Also where are all the male voices?
I'm being playing anno 1404 venice for 15 years now, so I will play 117 my entire life.
Very very bad 👎👎👎👎
Hope it plays good on Console. Looking forward to this
Similar to how they say "The Last Man Standing," now it's more like "The Last Game Standing," dear Ubisoft. Good Luck.
prophesies of ash (natural disaster), the hippodrome and dawn of the delta (Egypt) as season 1 dlc's... interesting
Man, it doesn't happen often anymore these days. But it's nice to still be able to be hyped about a video game. Haven't felt this excited about an upcoming title in years
Woah!!! This looks expansive! I really enjoy the combat addition. Played Anno 1800 only very little. Did it have combat also?
If anno 1800 starts spazzing out in console, imagine this one 😂
I think this is one of the best game series ever made
when will they start with the season dlcs?
10:13 This looks very good. In most games, even in Stronghold, melee units simply attack palisade walls instead of gatehouse because walls have lower HP than gatehouse.
Can you bring Kassandra or Alexios  to anno 117
So Ubisoft still can make good games ? That is unbelievable.
With all the Ls Ubisoft is taking, this might be their first Win in a long time. Hoping for it to be good.
Franchement, c'est la réalisation d'un de mes rêves dans le jeu vidéo !
Wish this was an mmo
Is so Nice this Gameplay 🥰🥰🥰 .
I cannot wait to play it. After 3000 ours in anno 1800 i am completely hyped about it.
the images of gods look not good enough to this amazing game, too much ai vibe, only shortcoming
Anno is the best series Ubisoft has at the moment. Don't mess this up I beg you!! Just one more month!
Looking forward to having a look at the finished game. Not sure I'll buy it yet though. I am a bit sceptical about those science trees being so huge, they don't suit an Anno game in my opinion. Also not a fan of gods. We'll see how it works out.
TYLKO PIS !!!
please Ubisoft what's going on with Beyond Good and evil 2 😢
Im not wait
