I am playing this game for the first time in a year after a busy season. Honestly, this season sucks. Why put strange settings on existing characters? Stop revamping my favorite game for your own principles. You change what everyone else liked for your own selfish reasons. That's why I hate that kind of behavior. I'm using a translation tool so there might be some funny parts. Sorry.
ECHOES ACT 2? JOJO REFERENCE???? 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Guys, this game needs elaborate housing! Then you'd have enough to do every day...
This company needs to watch some warframe devs and how they interact with there community. The devs of warframe you want a house we got you pets sure anything else yes warframe devs show what’s possible. While bungie is saying that’s impossible when the proof is right in front of them
Step down, Pete.
Why do you have mobility? Honestly, mobility people. I don't take all pictures, please buff the mobility ability. And please be buffed on how to hunt.
The season suck, final shape sucked too, the new raid also suck. You really lost your craft
Hey bungie can you update the destiny mobile app every time you press on 3d it shows your armor but not how it looks in game
Just give me the rest of the game back and just add to the planets and make exotics, exotic drops in world.
Bring back the red war please I know this won’t happen but it’s still worth a try I asked hundreds of destiny players about what their favorite campaign is about 70-80% said red war
Welcome to your consequences.
Game is crap , i dont care , ban me in forum. Your woke trash is failing
just got perma banned for no reason never used any cheats or exploit in game but they let cheaters play and ban normal players they dont respond to ban applies
How many of the people that were fired work on this? Just asking.
My vc and ingame chat turn off automatically when I turn it on
Com on bungie fix my account I can’t vc or in game chat I been reporting this issue a lot I’m running out of patience
What’s good bungie, off topic but just wanted to let you know that I and many others would really appreciate if you added keyboard and mouse support on console for those who prefer keyboard and mouse. It might get weird with crossplay but i think yall could make it work. Anyways, peace ✌️
Nope, still don't trust Bungie.
Bring back red war
Im on vaction, but I can't wait until I played IT 💪😎👍
if the next raid that comes this year is not wrath of the machine, i never buy a dlc or something else in destiny 2 anymore
Yo bungie let us delete the enigma quest( asking for a friend)
Tenho algumas ressalvas para esse jogo: 1º - Tanta personalização nesse jogo desperdiçada pois era pra esse jogo, assim como todos os outros FPS terem a opção de mudar para 3ª pessoa nas missões ou em qualquer lugar e n se limitar a 1ª pessoa. Chato demais só poder ver o personagem inteiro apenas segurando uma espada ou fora das áreas de combate como torre e Etc... 2º - Por favor, afastem mais a arma da face do personagem quando em 1ª pessoa, e ao andar, façam ele andar segurando arma para baixo ao correr ou andar pois isso melhoraria muito o campo de visão ou então façam como sugerido no primeiro tópico. 3º - Não tem lógica os personagens, ao serem atingido pelas minas dos decaídos ou os mísseis dos cabais que funcionam como granada de flash impedir os personagens de correr ou até mesmo pular, deixem apenas pra cegar e causar dano pois assim é menos irritante (n q n deixe de ser irritante). 4º - Deem mais fala para o personagem dos jogadores (apesar de que ele(a) ja fale bastante) e menos para o fantasma pois, coisas que o próprio personagem poderia falar e até mesmo no contexto, chega a ser irritante como o fantasma ainda toma a frente para ficar tagarelando, chega a ser muito irritante em certas horas. 5º e última e não menos importante - Melhorem o design das skins das roupas e das armas, principalmente das roupas pois a maioria é muito feia. Conto nos dedos das mãos as skins e roupas mais bonitas daqui e deixem o politicamente correto um pouco de lado. Façam como Star Blade ou o concorrente de vocês The First Descendent que estão sim fazendo muito mais sucesso que esse jogo. PS.: Sacanagem não criarem uma imagem humanóide para a Failsafe no holoprojetor do E.L.M.O., pois como é uma imagem projetada, ela poderia muito bem criar uma imagem para si, o que deixaria ela mais interessante mas não menos irritante. Essa é uma outra coisa. Que personagem irritante ela é, que fique registrado.
Whoever this conductor is, it’s not going win.
Wow more old stuff
When the hell is solstice ?
Conductor jus put the fries in the bag!
🤘
Yawn
plz bring back the Red War campaign
The new sidearm is incredible, please don't mess with it 🙏
We got access to 3 shitty battlegrounds but ive only seen two of them
Not gonna lie I was kind of hoping the conductor was some different timeline or even the original Saint-14 after being locked in for so long. We already saw Lakshmi as a villain. But this is definitely doing it in a different way so I’ll see where this takes
Is this a JoJo reference?!
Remember me fellas I'm on a fishing trip atm Ill join all of you when I am done 💪💪💪. Ill be honest fellas getting weird fish out here some looks like the vex vexfish I wonder if I can eat it gotten another one that looks like a hive ogre probably bring that one to the drifter. Got to go my ass hurts been sitting on a trailer park restroom toilets and the lights are automatic god save us all Ill update you all if I encounter a raid boss of the bathroom
Is free
"the Conductor" is a terrible name, Bungie. Ikora didn't even Capitalise the "t". So, it is just Conductor?
interesting how the conductor moves like the witness
Art Designer Attends the Exhibition for Three Consecutive Days An art designer in her twenties came to the exhibition every day for three consecutive days after work. She said that the posters were well designed and vividly presented the evil of the CCP. She said the exhibition is a very good information portal to learn the facts. “I would like to support this movement in order to save the children and people,” she said.  She searched for information about Falun Gong and the persecution online after visiting the exhibition for a second time, but couldn’t understand why the CCP wanted to persecute a group of people cultivating Truthfulness-Compassion-Forbearance. She asked a guide this question on the third day. A Falun Gong practitioner volunteering at the exhibition told her about her family members who are being persecuted in China. The art designer was very touched and thanked the organizers.
Oh cool. Nice to see that Bungie writers still can't come up with any new characters for their stories. Have to bring back Lakshimi/Maya for this. I'm holding off on purchasing TFS until I see a new character that is not a current or a rehash of a current. I bet in the Fallen one it's going to be a focus on Fikhus or whoever and Eramis. All of this is so flat that I can't justify even purchasing TFS or it's Episodes.
Gimme sidearm I want explosions 😂❤
When the mini boss looks more threatening than the main villain of the entire story
Wow they really did lie when they said episodes wont be like seasons 😂
One of their weaker trailers .  3 battlegrounds.   Waiting to see people complain they have smashed out all the content in the first day lol
Now if only the servers would stop throwing error codes and just work for a while!
Just got the aberrant action with 0 range. Is this a bug?
we playin cfb 25 lil bro
'And therefore will the LORD wait, that he may be gracious unto you, and therefore will he be exalted, that he may have mercy upon you: for the LORD is a God of judgment: blessed are all they that wait for him.   (Isaiah 30:18) 'I can of mine own self do nothing: as I hear, I judge: and my judgment is just; because I seek not mine own will, but the will of the Father which hath sent me.   (John 5:30) 'For the oppression of the poor, for the sighing of the needy, now will I arise, saith the LORD; I will set him in safety from him that puffeth at him.   (Psalm 12:5) 'He that believeth on him is not condemned: but he that believeth not is condemned already, because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten Son of God.   (John 3:18) 'Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.   (1 Corinthians 11:27) 'Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered. Blessed is the man unto whom the LORD imputeth not iniquity, and in whose spirit there is no guile.   (Psalm 32:1-2) 'Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.   (Ephesians 6:11)
the music slaps so hard
wuh
oh yeah!!!!! LFG!!!
PLUGS MUFFS OR TINNITUS  protect your eyes SIDEWINDOWDEFLECTORS rollens orangevinylowblulites neverstaresun nevergetdilationliq nevergetchikpoxvac=shingles
Nobody likes Battlegrounds!
They’re using the root mind model mum! This is why Nessus has been changing 😮
I think this dead horse has nothing left to beat on bungie. Just focus on marathon so we can play another game for 10 years on an outdated engine
Que esa no era la de la secta guerra futura?
The real Echoes were the friends that we made along the way.
Season of the Undying
You gotta buy this or no?
I was having a bad day, and this made it so much better.
All these trailers look the same.
keep the changes
0:26 DENDRON IS THAT YOU!?
Same old same old. Same old articaft grind. Same old battlegrounds. Same old weapons. Same old FOMO chase. Never change Destiny. Though I doubt you could if you wanted to.
Make Old expansion free to play for once a week every month
Like if you liked the first part!
Like if you liked the first part!
bad game dont buy it
Would love to see new aspects that give the guardians vex abilities. For example: Titans get Hydra shields and the tiny suppression drones. Hunters get the vex milk and the blink the Minotaurs have. And warlocks summon harpys and goblins cause why not 😂
keep cooking PLEASE
The conductor looks freaking awesome. Like a more advanced and futuristic version of an Exo. Less panelling more sleek form fitting components and material design. It almost looks straight out of another game.
What's the name of the outro song? i always forget
Good job on the weapon design it’s good you guys aren’t doing all of them as reskins
Its gonna be wild if the we got a light resin Vex
calling it right now the conductor is maya sundaresh as a vexo (vex exo) possibly overwriting and reforming the body of lakshmi 2 which went into the vex network when they invaded the city.
so cringe. eventually we’re going to get osiris and saint14’s bed chamber as a landing zone and we’re going to have to watch them roll off each other.  and “the conductor” is a dumb name. k bet the writers do bad fan fiction of lame anime shows😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Love the music nod at the end!!
Unfortunate that this releases the same day as the new raids in FFXIV, but those won't take long to do
You gonna delete this one too one day like you did my old dlcs?
Hoping we get a New dungeon during act 2 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
I thought we’d get a cool new model with episodes. But it’s just basically diet seasons lol
Oh I knew it! The Conductor is a Precursor! That fluid hand shape, the general asthetic! It's a Precursor!  I mean, the final battle against the Witness lasted for days and there were billions of people that made up the Witness! We had to have missed a few! And those remnants are now causing chaos!
🥱 I’m just going through my car
I see you stepped up your game Bungie.  Ugh those sniper shots with the sounds... love it
“The conductor grows more dangerous each passing moment” us just giving them 3 weeks free to do they thing    👁️👄👁️
Would be cool if you finally ditched this stupid weekly 5 min story mission slop and actually let players play through it at their pace. We all went with it until the final shape. Now you are really pushing it.
Oh you can literally tell it's lakshmi from this. At the end of the farther shot you can see all 3 of her antennae and when she starts to turn you can see the red stripes
make something new for a change??
I sleep
Lmao when a showcase in the trailer is “new artifact perks” you know they going to have barely any content in this act
Boring
Wow, another arc pulse rifle. Couldnt have been a void one? The only element neglected for pulse rifles so far? Its not like we have 4+ arc pulses to craft already 🙄
I expected the conductor be a little bit bigger ngl like y'know size of a minotaur
Boring. Churn out battlegrounds that aren’t fun. It’s a shame how much this game has fallen.
Meh 🥱
Can we have the conductor's drip?
I would play echoes so much more if failsafe wasnt so damn freaky
the self-proclaimed F2p that doesn't stop demanding money to play the DLC lol
I hate those overloads
Any chance we can get this soundtrack? This tune is so good.
PauseChamp 100 more bank space with each act? Lol
Destiny is better than ever, with the same problems as always
Mega mind!!
Halo
Now listen here and listen well conductor give me the cloak or I ask Osiris to turn you into a vex gun ok?
July 17 for me.... I'm in Japan. XD
New main villain.. maybe 🤔
Delete Neomuna.
Let’s go back to Venus .  The Conductor is only a Lieutenant or vex version of a Warlock
I need this music
Bungie trailers you can hit every crit on a minotaur, in game that's impossible
Hey guardians. How you finding the game? I stopped playing since final shape.
Is that a fcking Jojo's reference????
I just picked the game up last week, having so much fun!
No way they are reusing any of the curse of osiris strikes
I don’t care who the conductor is. It’s going in a gun.
wow a new rocket pistol
so, they are back to recycling content. now it's "A Garden World."
Shrug.
Im glad the Pulse Rifle doesnt take up half the screen like the Auto Rifle does.
Sorry bungie but this ain’t making me wanna stop playing the first descendant
I hope Nessus keeps its revamp cause I do not really like it as a plant and honestly most story around it has been boring. We had such great writers at Bungie and I know they can make it better
Please buff Titans.
Pale heart is boring. Make it MMO bungo
The ads animation on the rocket sidearm is actually so sick.
Lakshmi
The conductor kinda bad tho, is that frost?
i'm gonna farm my ass off for that new pulse. the side arm to but that pulse is my hype
I'm not here to just complain, I'm a fan since before even Destiny 1 came out. My biggest thing now is inaccessibility of certain aspects of the game as a solo player who doesn't use a mic. Raids, dungeons, and most recently the class exotic mission are borderline unplayable. Vault of Glass however is something I can do  all day, everyday not only because I love it(my first raid way back when, I still really enjoy it) but because the mechanics don't really require a mic. I understand the teamwork aspect of utilizing vocal communication but something like the exotic quest duel destiny is nesrly impossible for someone like me because A) finding people who will follow the steps needed B) once I have, to utilize vocal communication. I don't know if this is necessarily a Destiny problem, or an Xbox problem or just a gaming problem as a whole, but I'd like for there to be some sort of feature that converts what you say om mic to text to speech. I have serious issues with speaking on mic, always have. I am extremely self conscious about it. So, again that's not really a Destiny thing, but it would be nice if there were some endgame content that people like myself could do. For instance, things like Onslaught or other PvE activities that don't feel like you need a mic to even complete them. Big fan of the game, I frequented the Bungie forums before Destiny 1 came out so I'm a diehard fan. Keep up the good work
The first descendant is way better and ive been here aince d1...shame destiny is just stale now to flex a legendary side arm...
Soo the witness with extra steps? And mire glowy?
I’ll be honest, now that the final shape has concluded. I’m really only interested in seeing if they’ll improve pvp. I’m not really interested in the different acts. I don’t think they actually will create better rewards for pvp with the route they are going because they want people to play marathon, but it would be nice
The Conductor’s outfit looks so good I need it
Gimme that conductor helmet ornament
Why the Conductor kinda... 😏
0:43 that beat tho❤
Conductor or Msund12?
Here’s to another 10 years! 🍻🔥
That little plucky Guardian motif is nice, hope we get a soundtrack update that uses it.
Can't believe people still give their money to bungie
Dr. Sunderesh?! Is that you?! What have the Vex done to you?!
The Conductor design looks sick but the animation( 00:38 ) on the new vex variant coming out of goo looks really off and low budget. It's like a new student animating a solid object model in the up direction with linear interpolation on and it just stops. I am a little bummed that these episodes seem to be lacking some quality and polish. Though to be fair, this is RIGHT after a massive expansion where they apparently had huge amounts of overtime and crunch. I am just curious if the consumer benefits on longer seasons in the long run. I am interested in where the episode story is going so thats goood though!
Lakhsmi?
PLEASE reprise Garden World strike bro
New artifact perks and no more unlocks?  Not tryna be a complainer, just sayin
So for thr conductor is there a port or something? Just saying would
I put it in tesses eververse
*Even Destiny has Jojo references now lol*
Is hunter still broken and is Titan still useless?
They recycled another boss...
Titans: Why even bother! We’re not relevant anymore.  Bungie: Here’s a box of crayons!
The conductor is the future war cult chick.
Please tell us how Lakshmi / Maya Sundaresh became the conductor in Act 3. Give us a good finale for our money this season 😁
Change the patrol areas
I would love to play destiny, if every gun wasn't GARBAGE and lost to every single hand cannon (aka revolver/pistol), hot garbage game
Asher mir? evolution?…yes? miss him.
conductor, we have a problem !
MORE.OF.THE.SAME BUT NOW IN NESSUS
hype! here for it
Is Lakshmi-2 the conductor
This is what I call destiny hype killer
it’s lakshmi turned into the conductor
“Echoes Act II”? Nice JoJo reference
yeah. this is a season of all time indeed
Yeek, _big_ cyclops.   I hope we actually hear the Conductor speak and get some solid answers about what's going on in this act.
Its Maya Sundaresh in Lakeshmis Body. Yep thats it. Thats all there is to spoil you for tomorrow
whoa, the marketing team seems to be running by Mr. Obvious... and its beeing this obvious since early D1 to vanilla D2... Msund, we waited 10 years for this crap?
Bro Garden World coming back is wild even if it ain’t the same
"Is that a JoJo reference?"
This episodes voice actors gives me Borderlands vibes
Spoiler Alert:            Its Lakshmi
Game fell off before GTA 6
Can you guys delete Neomuna and put Red War Back in? Lightfall is rushed cringe.
WHY DID THE CONDUCTOR JUST TURN AROUND LIKE THE WITNESS?
Ayee a Garden World boss is back
Looks like the leaks for the conductors identity were true. Won’t spoil anything though.
Vex 🥱💀
Tfw u see the conductor and they're hot af
Conductor looks like lakshmi reincarnated
What’s the difference between the Uk, Aus, and US trailers? 😂 I don’t hear Osiris with an Aussie accent
Not more battlegrounds 😭😭
Meh episode is boring
TFD >>>
The conductor is here to check your tickets
Do i have access to this if i only bought the DLC
0:12 I know, the captain stands on that grid cube but yeah, it looks kinda goofy and for a second I thought they didn't noticed a buged spawn 😂
i dont care how long the grind would be, can solo player please have a way to get the class item
Will the next act be…. Echoes: Act 3?
I’m glad for future episodes the stories won’t be time gated. The episode content needs to be the same too where it’s not time gated
Bro I haven't even finished my act 1 pass
Can’t wait for ACT 3 F.R.E.E.Z.E
Sooooo y’all lied about Solstice I see
Let's go 3 new strikes
Is this another overpriced season?
Please keep the changes you've made in Nessus! The style is so awesome and it'd be great to have an updated patrol zone :D I've been looking forward to this act! This is gonna be awesome :]
Conductor we have a problem!!
Can't wait for Love Deluxe raid!
SIVA>?
lame af
4 shots for Ignition 💀
The real Echo is my foot steps walking away from this game a year ago.
Did they hide a face revel by showing their face?
It's maya
Give me the solar rocket sidearm and let me be.
Incandescent rocket sidearm is so joeverrr
Can’t wait to get those weapons and see who the conductor is
I wanna wear the conductors a$$ like a hat 🤠
Sorry but we dont want more battlegrounds. Come on.....
♻️♻️♻️
Looks kinda boring ngl
Oh yes please
Dendron is back? Osiris will be really happy (?)
Maya  The Conductor is definitely her, right?
Oh hey Dendron, we thought you were dead
Dead ass game and mid dlc
Yall should keep doin this like fortnight and just make the maps a little different each time
just but the fries in the bag bro.
I might be way off here, but the way the conductor looks from the back is very similar to a psion
Wow can't wait to play for the next three weeks then have to wait another 2 weeks to play again.
Stop trying to make battlegrounds work
Mmmmmaaayaaaaa
Jojo Reference!!🫵
They forgot to mention the still hunt nerfs
Yawn. Zzzzzzzz
Nessus lives! Yay!
When I watch Chinese trailer how come I it is still got American voice 😂 😂 😂
You better give us what the Conductor is wearing as ornaments
These vex guns are SO COOL. Thanks!
The music kind of reminds me of ODST
Dendron is Back!
Immmma craft that pulse and solar rocket sidearm immediately tomorrow
Please just have a playlist specifically for battlegrounds. I'm sick and tired of strikes playlists having them when I just want a quick strike run jeez
You know what, I’m liking this new act pacing. More frequent breaks and more frequent content drops.  Give me time to play Elden Ring xD
rework titan pls. they are either too strong in the meta or too weak. we need an overhaul to each of the subclass kits.
I feel like its that character that summoned vex into the last city and then swiftly got killed by the same vex, why else would she have tried to take control of saint?
Nice, im almost done with elden ring, time to jump back into destiny 2 lol
Hell yeah
lol we got one in act 1 and now we get three?
After 60 years, Nessus finally got attention
Can we please see actual evidence of the supposed all out war between vex factions?
I assume that’s Maya Sundaresh
Dumb AF that we never see the Vex act weird. They literally just act normal.
Those white vex look like from the corridors of time
The conductor is a hunter???
i sleep
Guys don’t invest in this please. I played for years and pumped this full of money. I have nothing to show for it. I didn’t even enjoy it all the time and when I did I look back and say why tho.   Again please, don’t get sucked into another trailer. Please look into other games that provide better experiences that are actually worth you money!
The Conductor's fit is pure radiolaria, the way its dripping
Looks boring 😫 in three weeks nothing to do again 🥶?
The conductor is maya but with lakshmi body (future war cult girl)
It’s on my birthday
Lakshmi is the Conductor or Maya
Great trailers as usual, sadly actual playable  content lacks substance again and again...
Finally, get my Heal Clip/Incandescent Heliocentric (immedoately after fully enhancing my heal clup/frenzy one), and then this rocket sidearm comes out with the same perks. Fml
Spoiler!! ... ... ... ... ... ... The "Conductor" is the Exo Leader of FWC
Still Hunt is now even more OP
🗑️ 🔥
😴
I miss strikes.
A trailer one day before the launch? What is this? Is this a fever dream?
buff titans
Bungie, Are you listening? PLAYERS HATE BATTLEGROUNDS! That is all.
Let me guess more passives for our passives to add onto our passives…….
Dendron is back boys
artifact perks are truly disgusting, 4 out of 5 of them only benefit snipers. NO ONE USES SNIPERS IN PVE!!
also PLEASE add the Nessus changes permanently to the regular world map. they are awesome and a great refresh of the space
perfect opportunity to bring back a garden world and pyramidion strike. the witness is dead, and we have our planets back. I'd even take the festering core strike back. we only had that one for 1 year and it was pretty great at the time.
We got vex gyatt before GTA VI
is act 1 still playable or is that gone away? Didn't get to complete it as I had other commitments.
Please… please just give me back my old strikes and replace one of the onslaught symbol with battles ground. D’X
I'm actually pretty invested in this post final shape. I'm really looking forward to seeing where Destiny goes next.
0:43 WHOA WHAT THE
IMO its going to be pretty hard for Bungie to create another intimidating evil villain. We literally just killed the god that's been chasing the traveler for millennia, and he started ALL of the drama in the universe. I don't know if there's a character that beats the champion of the darkness, besides the Widower
KEEP THE CHANGES TO THE DESTINATIONS ON NESSUS BUNGIE! WAS SUPER DISSATISFIED AFTER SAVING SAINT-14 AND THE MISSION DIDNT CHANGE ANYTHING AFTER I FINISHED. THATS EXTREMELY BAD WORLD BUILDING AND VERY MUCH NOT HARD TO DO.
The Conductor choo choo 🚂
Battlegrounds... Oh God, how annoying they are and now we are getting more. Strikes are much better.
Maya Sunderesh....Smh
I want the conductors robe
More snoozefest content
Ajax is better than this game
“The story grows useless and total uncanon with each passing DLC”
witness ahh turn around
I honestly don't know why people are still playing this... same thing over and over and over. Absolutely bored stiff of anything to do with it
Attention all hunters…Get that cloak for fashion purposes
Wow... first time a D2 trailer did NOT get me hyped... :-(
Good 😊
Okay but 3 battlegrounds in a single act is VERY good fellers.
"Tickets please", the Conductor is here. 👍
No place for Titan mains like me, but just stay retired I guess
The Witness can breed me.
dcv a scam
Echoes Act 3 F.R.E.E.Z.E
All right, I’m gonna say what no one else is willing to, if the conductor really is Maya, then I get why Chioma was sticking around for so long
The conductor has got to be Maya Sundresh. MSund-12 has been heard on Nessus in the Insight Terminus strike and on Neomuna during the Veil Containment Archive audio files. It’s gotta be her.
DENDRON MY LOVE  AS BEAUTIFUL AS THE DAY I LOST YOU
This game has different writers since it was made, and keeps changing, this game is a shell of what it used to be
Ahamz....😂
The conductor is maya sundaresh btw
I'm not returning till titan has a place in the meta.
Immediate Neomuna PTSD kicked in when I heard Osiris. Hopefully he gets to be more intelligent again.
Looks like I’m pulling Dawn Chorus out of hibernation.
The conductor say hello to maya sundaresh the women behind the veil. I have a theory on who it is I believe it’s Lashkemi 2
dont fking tell me yall gave still hunt a catalyst
The Conductor is just the Witness with fashion sense. The Witness was out there looking like a Cenobite  Can't come into battle wearing a whole ass bondage costume and expect to win. You keep your fetishes at home where they belong. 🤣🤣
Why keep the conductor face covered you probs know who it anyway!!!!! Looks good
Setting up new villain arcs. Dope.
So Will you finally make Echoes free for everyone or still behind paywall?
Make the conductor saints new gf 🗿
It’d be so funny if the conductor just had Laksmi-2’s face instead of Maya’s
I have 99 engrams ready that sidearm WILL be crafted on day 1
0:43 Otzot ?
I'm glad there's another craftable (arc) pulse rifle. We're running low on those
Aberrant Action =  Seventh Seraph SI-2 with some gold junk on it, Corrasion = Disparity with some gold junk on it. Bungie has been reusing the same weapon models since D1 XD
Is bungie cooking 👀??
I JUST REALIZED THIS ENTIRE SEASON IS A JOJO REFERENCE  Echoes Act 1, Echoes Act 2, Echoes Act 3  :D
Babe wake up, more new seasonal slop has dropped
Dog poo
i was soo hyped about the  Echoes.. and new it just feels like a session 2.0 :>
Reminds me of that song with katy perry and kanye west.
One say I hope to play this game in VR
Ahh this is nice im staring to get burnt out from first decendent and so ready to jump back in d2
Please no more cabal in breach activity. Data dropping from generators which doesn't make sense. You have to run around long distances always while being shot from all directions. There's just no fun.
Pretty cool birthday present.  Thanks Bungie.
Say what you want about bungie, but there trailers, they got style
The new rocket sidearm looks really good
You reused a strike boss you removed from the game and made people pay 15$ lol how do people continue to buy this slop
jojo reference? o_O
0.27 omg I remember this boss
3 guns and 3 battlegrounds for 6 weeks :(
So we finally get introduced to (one of) the seasonal villains...a month after the season starts.
Bungie. Nobody wants battlegrounds.  The vampire content shouldve dropped today , next season the dreadnaught. Stop holding weak content over our head.
So hyped for this!
Did the combat seem more boring than usual? Just reimaged content already in the game, and a cutscene masquerading as a new enemy.
Bungie show artifact perks while nerfing them
Lord have mercy on what I am about to do
16th wish confirmed!!
If only the Conductor's identity wasn't leaked... That would've been an awesome reveal...
maya sundaresh 😮
Maya in the end ?
Wait… was that Lakshmi? Or known as Maya Sunderesh? Are we going to see Maya Sunderesh?
Am i the only one that kinda wants the conductors cloak thing? Would be peak hunter fashion
I've not even finished the campaign... Almost 9 months of barely any stories and now I have more work pressure in Destiny than at work. Also not happy with the spoilers in the trailer that was released just 4 days after the expansion was released, "the Witness is dead". Great. I spend 100 euros and the story is already spoiled by an official trailer just 4 days later.
Thankfully i got the new raid done before this came out and finished act 1 and all side missions.
battlegrounds where cool when they first came out but it's time to move on from them i think
The same the same more of the same
Imma need that tune at the end of That version of the destiny theme goes so hard
When she echos on my vex I act up
Whatever The Conductor is wearing, i want it.
Unfortunate Leakers destroyed the imagination of who the conductor might be. But its funny enough i had the right hinch who the conductor might me XD
MORE VEX STUFF HELL YEAH
The conductor seems to look a little bit more like a human female so I think that the theory that says it's Maya is strengthening.  Seems like Protheon's back, or at least recycled. The new weapons look dope
The nessus filter needs a update if possible
I lowkey super happy to see the return of Ultra Cyclops
The conductor actually looks pretty sick
Just one more, Koichi kun.
0:26 Pyramidian boss arena with the boss from Garden World
this is simply a slowed down season pass at this point.
Wait, was that lakshmi? The head of the Conductor was a shade of red, I know only one person with that color, but how she died to the Vex back in Splicer, didn’t she?
Great as soon as we defeated the witness a new enemy arrived
Ah yes part 2 time to wait 3 weeks to experience the story and wait another 3 weeks to wait another 3 weeks to finish said story
What's the Verity challenge
Looks cool honestly
I still cant believes the conductor is Maya
This is a better pace than seasons, I like the new content flow with episodes. Well done Bungie!
She kinda bad tho 😳
Nice
I can’t wait to get my hands on Perfect Paradox.
I thought that with each act we would get a new story? Are act 1 2 and 3 going to all be about the conductor?
I’ve been slackin’ on this game these past couple weeks. Are there any changes I should be aware of?
NesSUS.
Ok can we talk about the GIANT cyclops?
Yeee
Still can't belive that Bungie brought it back somehow
Welcome back a garden world 0:26
Okay I'll be completely honest, their enemy designs lately have been on point.
Ok but plz stop nerfing titans
Awesome let’s go
The first descendant is The best 🤟🏻🔥
Please release the OST for these trailers they're terrific...
Awesome 😃😃😃
Please keep the changes to Nessus. It looks so much better now.
I think the real Echoes were the friends we made along the way.
Why she kinda bad tho
Echoes Act 2 about to reveal the one and only conductor into the destiny universe….
Just give me choir of one already  Jeez
I need that side arm
The whitness enevr even stood a chance
I think this formula is cool ngl
LETS GO
first one
Peak
дааааааа очередной калл
Sick
