Thank you to everyone who requested the review on dash cams! I thought that all dash cams would really disappoint, but I was wrong! Here’s the list of dash cams, and there’s more information in the video description. Fortunately, there are some good options available. Please keep suggesting video ideas, and thank you for all of the support! Best regards, Todd VIOFO: https://amzn.to/4bL620V REDTIGER: https://amzn.to/3FiJgS7 COOLCRAZY: https://amzn.to/3XL04r0 Wolfbox: https://amzn.to/3R0ikcb ROVE R2: https://amzn.to/4hs11vm PRUVEEO: https://amzn.to/41YEqSK ARIFAYZ: https://amzn.to/3Fxencs OVAMAN: https://amzn.to/3DwJPqS V300: https://amzn.to/3FiJAQP Miden: https://amzn.to/41K3NX2 E-YEEGER: https://amzn.to/3FpHj6j
I hope your approach to demos becomes standard for companies, or is made standard by regulations in the future. A proper comparative market where every company runs the same tests and records the process would kill off so many scams and shoddy brands.
There's anything made in America anymore???
When I first discovered Project Farm, I thought he only compared powered landscaping and gardening gear. Glad to see his expertise covers certain electronics too.
the high pitch squeaking in the vocals is hurting my dog's ears, he's howling like a firetruck is driving by
I really like your channel , keep up the great work. This is one video I really needed to watch. Christmas is coming.
What about a ladder test theres  to many an prices are crazy help us find a good one
this vid got me to buy an Viofo a229 and a a119v3. thank you for the video to help with my choice.
I pay over 5.25 for diesel 🤦‍♂️
soo... you will sell all the stuff used in the videos? :D i expected 7moai to be in the list
That tall blade of grass at 20ft is a paid actor
Mickey mouse, is that you?
Here is a minor conclusion I came to: Viofo obviously wins for best quality (it is an established brand, and a not cheap one at that) and if you can afford it, get it, but ultimately, if you can only afford the $20 dashcam it is leagues better than no dashcam.  Having objective evidence, even grainy evidence, is better than none at all.  After that, yeah, make your choice on which is the best bang for your buck.
THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU FOR DOING THIS TEST.
Wish this video was around three years ago when I was cam shopping. But I picked Vantrue and haven't been disappointed. Even upgraded after a year gave the first one to my brother. Would like to go to a 2-channel mirror cam but hiding the cables in a Bronco can be a full weekend project.
You're doing the Lord's work, God bless
WTF is wrong with your voice?
I think LTT did a video on dashcams awhile ago that proved all of the mid range ones use the same camera. And the older ones and newer ones were the same.  Most Dash cams are a huge scam with old parts. They could easily be way better than they were, but they would not be as profitable for the stores.
The way my mind works I compare every brand before making a decision with most things. I truly appreciate all your videos
your accurate list at the end is beautiful. Exactly what I needed to help make a choice
very annoying voice mate.....
Listening to your voice is true torture.
Your voice 🤦‍♂️
Bought the viofo, loved it until I discovered that the unit will show 2 solid red lights indicating it is on and recording but will randomly stop recording.  Turning the unit on and off or activating wifi fixes the issue, but you will never know if the unit is actually working.  Witnessed a nasty accident and went to submit video to the police.   Discovered no video for last few weeks.
I got my rove R2 dash cam at Covid when an idiot, leaving my complex thought it was funny he thought knocking out my driver side. Rearview mirror was funny because he didn’t like the way I was looking at him
Great video great review great entertainment great salesman, imma go buy a viofo
Can’t stand more than 30 seconds of that obnoxious voice
VioFo for the win.
Man I can barely listen to that high pitched overly excited voice of yours.  perhaps, take a chill pill then make a video.
His voice drives me crazy.  Wanted to watch the video… but only lasted as long as it took me to write this.
Annoying presentation...
Question, did you have multiple cameras all working at the same time to get the comparison ( certain units with Night vision IR leds might of assisted the others ability ).  This is a fantastic video ,
Outstanding job ... as you usually do.  Thank you
I have watched a number of your videos before. I really don’t like the way this video plays. It sounds like you took speed and you’re trying to get through this as fast as you possibly can. It’s really irritating. I hope that you will consider not doing this type of thing again. I like your normal voice and your normal approach.
My Mediasonic crapped out. Thanks
everything is Made in China
About a year ago I purchased (one after another) some of the same dash cams ending with the VIOFO with its rear (seperate) camera (its an option).  I finally stopped buying with the VIOFO.  Was better all around then the rest, including one that my mate purchased that was more expensive (he was pissed 😁 )  So yeah, VIOFO for the Win without spending a lot more.
Product note: the Wolfbox has 3 cameras but it can only record two of them. And thanks for the very useful review. 👍
I've been using Viofo and Vantrue for years. Pretty happy with both brands.
I tried to watch this video, i really did.  But the guy's voice gives me a headache.  Literally.  I only made it to about 8 mins.
PEOPLE USE YOU CELL PHONE TO CAPTURE VIDEO DUHHH
Fast and no fluff, thank you!
GPS FOR VEHICLE.
Wtf is wrong with your voice 😂😂?
Thank you for your review. I ended up going with the COOLCRAZY. Great work. Appreciate all the editing that went into making this video.
ask ki to rephrase
your voice is really annoying
Thank you. How about backup cameras?
I love my Redtiger. They also have GREAT customer support.
would love to see a Project Farm review of multi-channel dash cams, especially considering how many are quoting "4k" but are just upsampled 1080p
.
What about Garmin? They offer a connectable rear cam as well as an interior cam to record accident impact consequences.
Thank you for your reviews of all products. I use your stuff all the time, for all kinds of things. Your reviews are thorough, useful, and not too long. Thank you!
Now how about one for RV backup with a dash cam built in 😊
Gawd!! He sounds like every American visiting London, who needs to convince us Brit's that USA is God's chosen nation. DT, I cry!
I have had the same Viofo camera for over 10 years in one of my vehicles.  It has captured quite a few things in its time.  I thought I would eventually need to replace it but it just kept on since I installed it.  My only suggestion is to make sure you get a high endurance SD card to go along with your Viofo.
They are all horrible in today's hi tech world. There has got to be something better!
Why do any of these exist when you can mount your smart phone on your dash?
Have you considered doing a review of mirror dash cams?
No mention of the 70Mai ? Allot of those being sold nowadays, I was hoping that they were included 💔
I can’t imagine how long this took
Should have tested Vantrue.
Thanks for the video. I had the Redtiger in my cart and decided to go with the Coolcrazy. Thanks again
Over the years I have learned to just skip to the end for recommendations.
You sound like the one eyed alien from lilo and stitch, also this was super helpful thank you
I have a few cars. I have the rover R2-4k and the red tiger F7. They both work well. But I like how “idiot proof” the rove is. It’s bulkier than the red tiger, as the red tiger is easily hidden behind my rearview mirror, but it’s much much easier to use and set up. The red tiger does have a CPL filter on the lens that I just keep in place.  They’re both great cameras and I’m very thankful to project farm for each and everyone of his reviews.
This is just like the eye test at my optometrist appointments.
The pruveeo is one of the worse cams I could have purchased..But it is at least a good security camera. Or a police camera..
Glad to have purchased the Viofo Duo (front and back) years ago before any hype. It's served me very well and still going strong.
Wow, thanks for that awesome review. 👍💯
The content is very informative but the voice is unbearable. omg..
You missed reviewing the best ones. Blackvue.
I commented when this video first came out, and am finally close to deciding on a unit (probably Garmin, because of an inside connection)...however, in watching many install videos, one had a great idea that really stood out: when mounting on the windshield, use a cell phone screen saver sheet first, then put the adhesive mount on that surface...I thought that was a brilliant idea; especially if one has to replace the windshield.  Wanted to pass that along...
Something wrong with the squeaky audio.
❤❤your show , thank you keep up the great work
Thank you for reviewing all these cameras, very helpful and great job as always!
After watching this, its obvious the viofo is the best. but you dont need the best rez to see who is at fault in an accident, you only need to see yours and their car.  every dash cam needs a rear cam, not a separate one that needs its own wire and its own mounting.  but one built into the main cam.  as a professional driver  of tractor trailer class one/a. would need three cams, one forward, one on each side mirror.  for the car, just one in the main cam facing backwards. it sees me but it also sees out all the side and rear windows. i got one, but its wired, id like to get wireless.  wires are anoying, but better than installed, means only for one vehicle.  i get a lot of idiot tailgators that cant be seen from the front facing dash cam, they only seem to catch the idiots already in front of you. not the idiots trying to tailgate and such going around you to then cut you off. i get a lot of calls from tailgaters who wont back off saying i was going way under, even while im passing all others in the other lane..   in all that, what dash cam has the better rear facing cam built in to the main cam? thanks,
I had a red tiger and after two years the front camera went black
Performing 99cents better LMAO! Easily the best channel on youtube.
Can you do one for the rear facing camera
Was hoping to see Vantrue here, they're big in the market right now and what I was leaning towards.
Thank you for always being the best reviewer out there!
Coolcrazy to me performed best over all according to my assessment. I have the Razo DC5000A which was not tested.
Another great PF video!
Which one is the best one? I don't have 15 minutes
I have been looking for a decent dash cam for almost a year now. It's all so confusing! It's just a bloody dash cam! It's like each different camera is a completely different invention than the other camera. I will watch this video and then pull the trigger. If I can't find a camera after this video then I probably won't ever find one.
Just get a garmin mini 3
I see gas is half price of what we have to pay here in Washington State. Highest tax on fuel.
I am not halfway through but I am amazed at how your voice keeps getting higher each camera.  I don’t know how much high end you have left but go bro!
I just purchased the ROVE R2-4K and am not that happy with it.  Signs very blurry.  I'll be returning it and getting the Viofo.
Thanks for this review, it was very helpful in helping me to decide which cam was best for me! 😁
I was hoping to see a Garmin tested
I enjoy your videos and the last two ( the solar security lights and then the dashcams ) WERE VERY HELPFUL For what I have been looking to BUY LATELY 😁👍 !!! THANKS
Thanks for shining some light on this subject.
Samcrac had a Dashcam with Automatic License Plate Recognition Software... Don't see this Feature on these?
How well do these cams handle summer desert heat?
Damn is anything made in America anymore and the name's they come up with for their products is ridiculous
how much coffee do you have in one day? 😆
I haven't heard of any of these brands. I own a Garmin and I'm quite pleased with it. However, I may want to do some of your tests. 🙂 I  may end up getting a dashcam for the rear hatch/tailgate using your comparisons.
I am replacing my Rove cam because they WONT replace,Only text me about issues that have never worked like what speed I am doing and the date is ALWAYS wrong. It sometimes says I am doing 35 mph while parked in my garage,"IN PARK" and the time is 00:53 AM  Tried to download the update but it told me it was outdated,,,...?  It also has a battery life of 10 minutes,YEA its in the manual.
Could you review rear-view mirror dash cams? I have one that's ok. I mounted the rear camera to the roof, looking out the back window. The camera lens provides a far wider view with fewer blind spots. I also installed a separate backup camera. I'm 62 and need all the help I can get.
I love your channel, and come here for all the best info on all things, but, I have one question about Dashcams. Can you please name any Dashcam that is Rechargeable, and does not require being plugged in? I need one, but I need one that will be removable, and not need to be plugged in for power. I dont need one for over night parking, just while driving. Please let me know if there are any brands or models you know of that will be rechargeable and cordless. Cheers and thank you.
I hate wires. I don’t seem to find wireless one with great battery life
I love your videos! Just curious, why didn’t you test any major brands such as Garmin or cobra? I try to stay away from “generic brands” since they are often don’t have good user support and aren’t UL tested.
Less caffeine please.
I've been using a 70mai for 6 years or so now. Was 100 euros including the backward facing camera. Really good picture quality and ease of use.
Sony IMX678 Sensors
coolcrazy&redtiger 3:15 viofo 6:02
I own a Viofo with rear camera and they both work great except the rear is looking through tinted back screen
Super
Thanks, I'm due for a descent upgrade my old one is OLD, BUT it's an excellent model. The only problem is it loops every 15 minutes, which means if i have any problems, I have to unplug it to save the info
Video suggestion...I was looking at RV rear view and side view cameras and no one has a good comparison Video especially Wirelessnew that you have done front ones how about doing a good one please.
Great video-very informative. It did take me a few minutes to get used to your squeaky voice though 😄
Viofo for a budget camera!
I have the viofo A229 and it's great but it gets very hot, is that normal?
What about the thinkware U3000?
This is great and really helpful. A rear cam is very important too.
Back in the day, for most things camera/electronic, you had Sony, Hitachi, Canon Philips, Nikon all of which were pretty good & you wouldn't go far wrong. But now........🌀😵‍💫😵
straight to the point and comparing the only thing that matters, reading licenceplates, this is the best video comparison i've seen, thank you so much
Thank you for reviewing my request on testing out DC. I found this very helpful in choosing the right DC for my vehicle.
I bought a Red Tiger and have not regretted it. You basically confirmed my findings, at least on that one product.
Stay away from Rove. I have had those cameras for going down four years now while the camera is fine. Their app is not many of us cannot view the videos in the app at all, and we are forced to take out the SD card and use it in our computers. When we brought this to the companies attention, they either delete complaints in their Facebook group or they simply do not fix their product. This has been going on for many years now, and I have sent in many videos as requested to their app development team and nothing. And I do mean absolutely nothing our cameras do not work right and there’s nothing we can do about it. Definitely stay away from that company.
The dedication to this video; makes our life easier. The amazing work to do this 🙌 thank you!
$2.69 lfor gas??
Good morning could you do a project on radar doctors
As someone with an A129 Plus Duo since 2023. Good to know I made a well informed choice, I spent a while back then learning about the different sensors and it's nice to see that I did my due diligence correctly. Once mine kicks the can or I need a second one I'm going to get one with the Starvis 2 sensor, probably the A229 Plus dual camera. My A129 has lasted 3 years now of outside parking in direct California sunlight the whole time, that's enough anecdotal evidence to say the build quality is worth my repeat business.
Wolfbox did great with the blowers, they make dash cams too
Viafo sponsored
Love your vudeo. Great work
Great 👍🏾  job
Most of these brands seem to be fly-by-nighters that every opportunist is jumping on to make & sell, so I'm not surprised Viofo is on top. It would also be interesting to compare Viofo with top brands like Thinkware and Blackvu.
7mo3day 🦅🇵🇬
I felt like I was listening to horse races.
This should get some kind of royalties at this point .
love this guy and he makes awesome videos but holy cow his voice gives me a headache 😄
Great video as always your reviews are the best no waisted talk that is for sure. You must have some auctioneer learned DNA. Thank you for sharing.
your channel is one of the most useful on youtube!  you're great man,  really help us consumers know what were getting before we open our shrinking wallets!  thank you so much for your efforts !
How come they didn’t review the Garmin?
You should test helm cams for motorcycle. You could mount them on the hood to test them
Hi, can you do stand alone aftermarket backup cameras please?!
This guy's voice reminded me of someone, and I finally realized: Kevin McDonald from "The Kids in the Hall."
Eventually, this guy's testicles will drop, and he will sound like a normal adult male. Very good video, thanks, and I did give it a thumb's up.   I hope you have a good sense of humor, otherwise, I'm saawy.
Please do this again with the next tier of prices $100-$250, with the Viofo and Red Tiger defending their titles. There simply must be better out there.
I know you get this on a daily basis but from another regular viewer of your channel, you have saved me untold amounts of time and money with these tests and reviews. I don’t go to the hardware store without seeing if you have a review first.
Sounds like youre announcing a carnival horse race LOL.
Question about these items; does the video get over written each time you start the car unless you manually save it? The storage capacity isn’t unlimited so there has to be a way to delete it. How does that work?  If you are involved in an accident and want to save the video, how is that done?
The best dash cam happens to be also an action cam and that is the insta360 AcePro 2.  It supports 8K recording at 30fps. At 4K at 30fps/60fps will record with HDR and PureView for night driving with incredible clarity.  The action cam has a dash cam setting that can also loop record you set the timer. It blows out of the dash cams in this video out of the water, as it also had a two chips one being a dedicated AI chip that makes sure your images are the best. Another BIG plus is has ultra wide mode with a wide angle of 157 degrees, it easily catches my side mirrors. The Ace Pro 2 by insta360 is the one to get. With a suction cup you stick it to your windshield clamp it auto horizons and when turned upside down for mounting it will record right side up and show the menu options accordingly.  The great thing about the AP2 is that it’s just simply amazing you can capture star trails, do timeshifts and time lapses when driving with absolute clarity.  The ultra wide screen does not distort the edges it is really that good. Many of us on the FB Ace Pro 2 forum page use it for dash cams especially motorcycles. Get it and you won’t be disappointed for dash cams it’s the KING by a long shot not cheap but worth every single penny and they always have great sales. You can also plug directly into your cigarette lighter for more connected with a USB-C cord so you can record AND charge the battery at the same time!
Thankkk youuuu. Dash cams are the most cursed buying experience
Don't take it for granted. The Viofo one has lots of negative reviews on Amazon.
what do u expect buying cheap 1080hd cameras?
Bought a Viofo, crapped out soon after using it.  I know they are popular and highly regarded, but my experience was less than terrific.  What a POS.
Do not buy anything from Botslab! Botslab will scam you!
Hey can you do a review on electric bikes ??
Why must you yell?🤔 It's extremely annoying and ruins an otherwise useful video. 😐
Third brake light might be nearing failure, looks like only 1 of many are working.
good, clear review. thank you for your time
Is it just me or have the prices shot up since this video was made?
The rove is 50% off $199 on prime day, but was $99 6 months ago 😂😂
I just ordered an upgraded 4K version of the CoolCrazy for $48 (front cam only)   Thank you for helping me feel secure about my choice
I own a Viofo camera and have used it everyday for the past three years . . . still running well.   When I first bought it I was actually surprised at how good the video was.  The key thing with this camera is to buy a really good High Endurance SD card.  My 1st card was not high endurance and lasted a few months.  My current (expensive) high endurance sd card has worked without issue for over 2.5 years.
This video took a ton of work and I really appreciate it! Great job!
Thinkware are my recommendation.
I had a dozen dashcams and your comparison between 30$ and 300$ is so stupid. You should get a new pair of glasses
Thanks!
I love this channel
I love your videos! Any chance you could review bidets or astroturf? These are two huge purchases which your informative tests could really help us with.
now put these vs a Garmin
very annoying voice
Thanks for making this comparison video, very helpful
I had to stop viewing due to your voice, you could try using AI commentary
You might see if you can do some vocal exercises so your voice doesn’t pitch so high. As it is, your voice is beginning to sound like a screech.
geez your voice is annoying, also let me guess, was it made in china?
Rearview is a must for me. I've been rear-ended four times. Once the guy said I stopped quickly. I was sitting at a red light and had been for a while.  I've never been in a front end accident, and the car is 20 years old.
That voice...
I just got into an accident in a work van(I’m an Amazon delivery driver) and since then I have been looking for a dash cam for my truck.
These cameras are great for 2005, oh wait.. this was uploaded in 2025...
Fortunately, in this test, we didn't witness any bleeding or breaking! Thank you for your great reviews.
0:20 How tf are you getting $2.69/gal?
I NEEDED THIS ONE!   My son is a new driver (16) and if he's in an accident, I want to be sure whp is at fault and he is not simply taken advantage of due to his age.     GREAT Compare/Contrast video.
I'm struggling on which Viofo to get. The A119 v3 or the A119 Mini 2. Also, my biggest fear is the heat of Texas destroying the device after a few months of use. I see reviews on Amazon posting this issue.
I would rather buy a cellphone like a Galaxy S24 to use exclusively in the car. Dashcam technology is not up to my standards just yet.
I live in Phoenix. My problem is heat. I have never had a dash cam last two summers.
Love your work! Thank you so very much!
To be fair you don't need it to read the license plate, you just need to prove to your insurance you were not at fault and it's their job to follow up with the other party/their insurance company to chase the funds.
👍Thank you for all the hard work and great info !! Coffee and snack for the epic compile and edit that goes on to make this. Greetings from Mexico
I have a Red Tiger in my car for about 3 years now. The DC power adapter broke and their customer service sent me an upgraded one for free. Very impressive!!
No vantrue?
I have the Rove r2 4k in 3 of my cars. I love them. I have had a couple different brands.
Very good review 👍
Did you test the Vantrue S1 Pro max ???
Sorry about your voice my man , but great video!
Thanks for the reviews Pleakley from Lilo and Stitch.
These are all low end dash cams no?
I like the comparison .  Also, the way you read it, you must be working at an auction :)
God ! This guys voice does GRATE1. 😂
Great video.
10:53 while most people have ducks in their windshields this man has 20 dashcams lmao
Have you reviewed windshield repair kits?
this channel is proof many peeps are dumb
Where do you come up with only $114 price? It's $500 on Amazon.
What model Viofo did you test what's the model number
This guys voice never hit puberty
This guy performs all the you could imagine... I love all the videos now I'm looking to purchase a dash cam
After watching the video, I’m still confused. What would you consider the best of the dash cams with GPS as I feel that is an important feature in the case of an accident or ticket.
That’s some solid work my guy Thank you for all this info
VIOFO should pay you for such good unbiased advertising
This is the best review video! Fast, not too much talking, just the necessities
Don’t like the charging cables
Had a redtiger that kept rebooting randomly.
Why does my brain want you say YEEEHAWW as youre comparing these cameras?
All of your videos are very well made, honest and very informative!!! It is sometimes better to pay more and sometimes you show that cheaper products are better!  Thank you Sir!
Love your channel, thank you for all the content you put together! I have to know, and I am sure you have been asked before; Is that really your speaking voice and inflection or is that some... voice... that you put on for these videos? Asking for a friend.. wink wink.
Wonder how these would compare against a Vlog camera...
Thank you.
Love that plate, should be on a hurst.
so Viofo❤
That voice! ... sorry ...
I cant continue listening !! this dudes voice is extremely irritating with the two tone exchange from start of his sentences as a man to finishing them as a women!! i even turned the volume down to where  could barely hear him.. and it was still irritating!!
1---it's like being commented bt a macaw. 2 18 inutes to tlk about 5 dash cams (specially in THAT voice)
And all of the China brands are sending your info to China.
I suggested this about a year ago!
Vantrue was sorely missed from this competition
Bro, go ahead and digitally adjust the bass of your voice, maybe slow it down. You sound like you got a rubberband around your nuts. It's very informative and you did a great job, but presentation, dawg. No offense.
I bought three 4k Roves, they work great. thanks for the review..
You should do the higher models as well
Can these dash cams be powered by a USB-C port? My vehicle does not have a 12v accessory port.
Do license plate quality matter as much as just proving that you where not at fault capturing the incident in general??
TOL;DW: There is not much of a difference, except for the VIOFO, which  just out performs literally everything else.
Go for philips dashcam. Trust the Netherlands
Nice vid mate
17:23 makes no sense. Would you rather have 1080p recording or no recording?
Good job for an 18 minutes video.
Some context: The cameras with starvis sensor will automatically win these tests most of the time. From Linus's video: the starting price is around 90 bucks. As we've seen with some of the sub-90 cams here, don't even think about it.
Great video! Every review I have seen has the Viofo on top. I recently bought one and it works well. You can get them with 1, 2, or 3 cameras (third is for interior).
No matter the cam you decide upon, make sure you get an SD card that uses SLC or MLC. These are often labeled as "Industrial", "Surveillance", High Endurance", etcetera... Secondly, get the highest capacity card your cam can support. Partition the card with about 10-20% of the capacity at the end as unallocated; format it to whatever filesystem your cam supports (I like to set the cluster size to 16-32k at anything over 32GB). The reason for going with the higher capacity cards is that it will take longer to hit the maximum times the card can be written to; this is when the nanoscopic transistors (basically tiny switches) wear out and can no longer flip. Having the additional unallocated space at the end gives the card's self-maintaining program (TRIM, GC, etc), if any, more free space to work with (over simplified).
I'm in the market for a new dashcam and your video was a big help to me. As usual,  your videos are thorough and provide a huge amount of great information.
No Garmin?
Thanks bud, I getting 2 VIOFO cameras
omg your voice 🤢
OMG that annoying voice...
Note that a dash cam with 24hour mode requires you to connect directly to your car battery. It has a fuse but it technically bypasses the car electrical safety. Keep in mind that it could void your car warranty. It could also drain the car battery more quickly if you don't use your car every day.
Please review mirror dash cam with sentry mode
WOW!!! What great work. I have avoided getting a DC because there is so little info out there. Thanks for the effort.
the viofo has another model that does offer a rear cam as well at a higher cost of coarse lol, missing some of the higher priced 4k brands like rexing, nextbase. some of them also have where they can connect to your phone with their own app or thru alexa. nextbase does great videos but it uses alexa for it's connect to phone and doesn't always connect well rexing makes a great video on their high end 4k models and has it's own app for phone connect. note there is also the blackvue but it is really expensive. personally I recommend the viofo, rexing nextbase. although with his testing above the coolcrazy one seems like a decent bargain brand
I'm just picturing this guy driving around with like 15 dashcams in his car lol.
Even though the Pruveeo only has 1080p cameras it does have an Over/under exposure setting which could make things clearer
i bought a cheap dashcam, and it melted on my windshield from the sun.
What I realized by watching this video is that we don't really have any great dash cam in the market...
Only note I’d make to your review is to compare the accessibility of the footage while in the field away from a computer.   We show up to a lot of accidents and people don’t know how pull footage off of the dashcams and sometimes the file formats are proprietary and won’t allow access on a standard player making it almost useless when you can’t use the video unless you’re watching it on the screen.  Just food for thought but after being in a crash, a simple app or interface to give the video to police is a key feature in a good dashcam.
Love you videos. In the market for a dash cam and now I got my answer. Thank you
This video is really annoying
Sorry, can’t help but notice you sound like Pleakley off of Lilo and Stitch. Thank you for the reviews!
Subscribed, thank you. I'd suggest using 1-5 stars rating for each category but besides that the content of video is amazing and very well explained.
Did you have trouble with gender identity because your voice got higher and higher? Sound crazy!
Yep. Bought my Viofo after watching the Linus Tech Tips video 3 years ago. It's fantastic. My next dash cam will also be a Viofo
I always thought EVERY dashcam had Hell-lousy resolution, looking grainier than a bag of sugar; thanks for proving me wrong. 😊
Great video. I own the  the rove bought it last year seems to work pretty good. Was able to buy a lens for it to help with glare. Helped me in a wreck i was in.
This is exactly what I was looking for--a side-by-side-by-side-by-side comparison of all the $50-$120 Chinese made cameras. There are so many on Amazon. I'm betting the majority of the brands come out of just a few factories. But the eyes don't lie, and there's no need to spend $85 on absolute crap resolution if for another 30 I can get real clarity. I'm less interested in all the "features" of the upper-end models and just want to protect myself from scammers, whackos, and cops with a hard on. Thanks for this.
Perhaps I missed it, but I would like to have seen the camera mounts that allowed you to test all the cameras at once.
Viofo has always been my favorite dashcam brand. They work very well, last a long time and have great features for the price as well as always updating their sensors. The one you tested is an old model, the new ones with the new sony sensor are much clearer.
Dude, lower your pitch and slow down. You're unlistenable. I'm sorry but I just want to help you because I've been watching you for years and like your content.
You need to include Cobra cameras.
That's an amazing production. No BS, all info, all relevant, all meaningful. I'd swear H. Ross Perot had taken a personal interest in my dash-cam selection.
Mahalo for this! I have been using VIOFO for a few years and they are the most dependable.
good video
GREAT methodical review - THANKS !!!
Just discovered the crazy wolfbox g900 or whatever. Over $500 in Canada in their site, but on sale for $422. Over $400 on Amazon. 🤔
hi im new to this world- what would you say would be best with: front shooting, interior cabin recording, display screen, good audio/video but an internal battery
Thanks for all the work you put into these tests.  Glad to see a review by someone I trust.
While i like the category tested dash cam, but most of these tested are no name generic brands and at a price point where id consider the performance would be questionable without even testing it  I think PF should redo this test with brands that ate better known in the market place. I would love to see brands like cobra vantru viofo kenwood uniden or any company other than a china made generic to be teated.  Of all the brands you tested here , ive only heard of 2 of them and they arent considered to be best of this category for sure.   So how about doing a comparison with more reputable companies in the budget and top shelf type. I think that would be very helpful for your viewers.     Of course theres other comparisons we can watch but welre here because we like the way you test the products and arent subjected to mfr pressure of getting something for free. At least speaking for myself.
Stop shouting!!!!!
Very very good video I appreciate your time making this lots of info you are the best. 👍👍👍
What’s going on with this guy’s voice?
Love the information,  but your narration is to infomercial style. Slow down please. Thank youuuu.
The cheap ones I buy never seem to have a good image of the registration numbers of vehicles even if it's close.
Thanks, help me a lot!
Why on earth I was unsubscribed from your channel is, well... irritating to say the least.   Thank you for all your hard work.
so for parked car security to try to catch someone that has been trying to break into my car which would be best? the 360degree pruveeo? if they are less than 1-2 feet away from the car while trying to unlock it through the window I'd imagine a 360 view would suffice just fine if not deture them from any future endavors.
Thanks for making this video, just what I needed at just the right moment. I'm in the market for affordable dash cam for both of our vehicles, can't nee too safe out here with Missouri drivers! 👍
The Wolfbox not the one he has the one that’s the size of but a bigger then the rearview mirror is the best nothing on the market even comes close to it it’s the best
Your voice is horrible!
very interesting, thank you
I like Garmin.
I would just like to say anytime I'm looking at buying something I check your channel first to see if you have tested or reviewed whatever I'm looking at.
I appreciate the reviews and the info, but I cannot listen to the “huckster” narration.  Just talk like a regular person and you’ll be fine 😊
Cannot get a Viofo 3 channel for under $350. Whereas the Wolfbox i07 3 channel is actually the price in this vid.   2/10. Inaccurate. Would not watch channel again.
You realize your videos are the bestest .. I'd like to see how some of these mid range model stack up to the really expensive ones but that may be too costly thanks for the video.
Point of dash cam is prove who was at fault and you don't need any of these features for that.
I watch a lot of your videos, and I want to say thank you for all of them. You are doing a great job 👏.
Does it seem strange that it seems no big camera names like Nikon or Canon make these things?
im curious if u tested these dashcams seperately or attached all of them at once and then performed the tests
Thank you for your thoughtful & skilled testing. I have purchased a number of products based on your testes. As you suggest, 2 VIOFOs may be easier to hook up and get excellent quality from both. I plan on purchasing a pair of VIOFOs shortly. Again, thank you.
great job thank you
We have been looking for a camera that can stand the heat in Texas. We both just retired. We need camera's for our Sprinter van. We'll give the Wolfbox a go. Thank you for all the research.
Any chance for a rear backup camera comparison? Including a license plate frame style?
Couldn't get past 2 minutes with that annoying whiney voice.
I Really wonder when car companies will have dash cams preinstalled in cars.
Any videos on plasma cutters
Great Video! Wouldn't mind seeing a video on the next tier up of dashcams.  Like your test showed the lower priced dashcams are marginal on different aspects.  I bout a more expensive dashcam for the dependability but there are a lot to choose from. If your in an accident but can't read the license plate as the other guy zooms off you wasted your money. Thanks again!  Keep up the great work!
Wow.  Thank you.
viofo the best
I took your recommendation I hope you're right
Too many choices....just bought a Tesla instead. Problem solved
I use an iPhone XS Max for my front camera, it’s probably better than 95% of every dash cam out but it’s annoying having to charge and and delete videos. Viofo definitely seems good 👍
VIOFO is a garbage, dont last in Florida heat.
This is the best video I’ve ever seen
I’ve tried both pricey and budget dash cams in four cars over the years, and none of them last. Doesn’t matter if it’s 1080p, 2K, or 4K — the summer heat kills them after a while. One of my cars got side-swiped, and of course the dash cam had been dead for months. At the very least, they should have a light or alert to let you know when they stop working.
I’ve tried many dashcams, and the best bang for buck is the VIOFO A119 V3.
Why didn't you include Ddpai Z60 Pro in the test? That'd have definitely beat them all.
I have the Viofo A119 mini 2 which is far newer than the A119 that I used to have. Both dash cams are worth their price and I highly recommend them to anyone searching. A hundred bucks is far cheaper than an accident being wrongly blamed on you and suffering the consequences.
🚩Your voice should be replaced with AI...!!!😢😮.THANK YOU.
once again... you nailed it
What a work.. kudos to you
Nice review but you talk to fast!!
Came to your channel on recommendation from another YT'er.....but couldnt get past the first 30 secs with the screetching high-pitch voice!
Kenwood is king
The best review ever, on any product or category I've never seen such a complete and well done review. congrats!!!
How about the WOLFBOX G900 TriPro Bumper Version 3?
I've been running a Viofo for 8 years now with no issues. A great camera brand
Xiaomi 70mai is the best in price and quality. I have it 4 years and it's better than all of those in this video. Excellent at night and day. I bought it for 80 euros (93 dollars). And the model I bought is an older version. New is even better.
You are what is right with the world today.
Amazing review and video! Thank you for your work.
Have had my Viofo A129 for around 5yrs now. Absolutely love it. One of these days I will compile a compilation of all of my saved videos lol.
Very good evaluations.  Thanks so much.
I went through the settings and these are the optimal settings for the Dash Cam.  Hope this helps someone!  Thank you for this review, I bought the Viofo a couple of days ago from your link due to the review you did!  Great info...  I am an Engineer and this is exactly how I think about things, so your videos are super helpful for trusting I am getting what I want.  - Resolution: 2560×1440 @ 60fps (sharp + smooth). (30 FPS is better for night, but 60 FPS is best overall) - Bitrate: High (clear plates, less blockiness) - Format: TS (safer if power loss; convert to MP4 later) - Frequency: 60Hz (prevents light flicker in US). (IN Europe the electricity is 50 HZ, so choose that there) - Exposure: –0.3 EV (balanced; prevents overexposure) (0 if you drive mainly at night) - HDR: Timer 7PM–7AM (off day, on at night) (helps with night glare in cities being on, but is worse for day, so timer is the way to go) - G-Sensor: Low (avoids false event locks) - Parking Mode: Auto Event Detection (if hardwired) - Stamp: Date/Time + GPS coords
I've got two CoolCrazy cams, I like the dual camera option and the suction stays on.
I can't handle the voice...
Have you tested Radar Detectors?
Ever tried the 70MAI already?
Can you do one with small handheld paint sprayers.
I'm a little late to the party but I'll ask anyway. At about 9:30 why does the Rove R2 comparison with Wolfbox look like there's a sepia filter on the left?
THANK YOU! For an amazing comparison video. 🙏🏽
thank you
Could you review Mirror Dash Cam Backup Cameras? The ones that replace/cover your rear view camera.
The coolcrazy is only $60 right now! Just purchased 2 :)
That was a choir sticking with this, your voice gets on my nerves to the point my ears are now ringing.  I stuck with it because you did a good comparison test on each camera.  I can not believe there is not better cameras out their, I was not impressed with any of them.  My 4k go pro is so much better.  Thank you for taking the time to do this. Maybe less talking, less repeating and talk slower would be better.
thank you
Excellent video, wish more people did videos like this!
Everything you buy from China, good luck if it lasts at least 5 months. China is just sucking  your money
The biggest problem I have had with dash cams is finding one that would last more than a month now I just use an phone.
I've always wanted a dashcam but even the best hear leaves me wanting. The quality is nowhere near what I'd want/expect. Bummer.
Great video
Looking to buy a 360 degree. Anybody have experience with the RAZO DC3000A?
Dude your voice sucks, try to make a better version
12:53 your neighbors think you're insane, lol
Excellent content - as usual!   BTW, your diesel prices are super cheap in comparison to Europe.  You pay approx 0.83 GBP, while we pay 1.33 (per litre).  Imagine a gallon for 6.78USD :)
Thank you for all your amazing, no-nonsense videos.  I really appreciate all your hard work.
❤❤❤❤❤
I think you may have fat fingered some of the ratings in the last comparison charts? in the first column, it's supposed to be a rating of 1-5, but some of the ratings are 8 and 11 - unless you used those numbers to express how badly they performed?
Dear Project Farm, please do this test with the latest starvis2 sensors. this sensor does a very good job compared to the earlier Starvis sensor
can you review the Kenwood dash cam?
You earned the $2 I just posted because I love all your testings.  Thanks much!
Thanks!
I bought A119V3 but the image quality is awful. Is it a fake one? Or this video misleading?
👍🏼👍🏼
Why doesn't Samsung step up their game and create dashcams.
Might have to go back to Viofo. I had one years ago but ditched it because their app was garbage at the time. Hopefully it’s gotten better?
Another thing to mention is customer service, I bought a Redtiger cam and their customer service is top notch. They sent me a replacement obd cable as well as a hardwire kit for free even processed a refund for the faulty obd cable. Excellent service, also the cam isn’t half bad, no faults after replacing the faulty cable.
What I wanna know is why don’t companies make 6 channel dash cam. The most is either 4 channel or 5. With the 5th being a backseat headrest child setting camera.  What I need are to 2 for interior view. 2 for exterior side view. Plus the usual front and back.  Cause with all 4 channel cameras, you can only pick one. To either focus on the interior or exterior. For context, I drive a lot. Need as many eyes as possible.
Are you thinking of doing a dash cam test with models over 150$?  I would pay more if the quality is better and options like parking Wake-up if you get bumped should get tested.
Good video. !do you always speak in exclamation marks!  ? 'cause ya wife called..." 8) Edit: Excellent  Review. Subscribed . Got the Red Tiger F77 and Im not happy with it. cant read plates if there is any sort of side movement. Useless at speed , tried 2.5k at 60 frames and 4k at 30 frames. I think it has something to do with the compression it uses . That downloading the file to computer and using VLC. dual 4k gives you about 4hours front and back.
The Cool Crazy N8 was delivered today.   Do NOT order one. It appears the company is going bust.   To run the camera with your phone you need the app.   To get the app, they provide a QR code  The QR code takes you to an unsecured website that wants to sign you up for a subscription to the LA Post.   Support is useless.   Back to Amazon it goes.
Thank you so much for all the hard  work you put and for your subscribers.
What I woyld want is a license plate reading from the front and rear. As well as facial features. These are for accidents,which is what we all have cams for.
You're the best & thank you 😊
Once again I really appreciate your videos as i've been considering DashCams but I'm looking for a minimum of four camera setup at most eight I'd prefer all at 4K or higher and the system needs GPS including speed and direction in the videos and a must is parking sensing like some Tesla have and if it could connect to Wifi like in our driveway thats a major plus. Thanks again. I totally appreciate all of your videos and knowledge. Eddie J.    Long Island N.Y.  PS: We have similar Chevy's and recently purchased a set of LED taillight assemblies that you might like they come with new GM wiring harnesses. My only disappointment is the difference between parking lights and brake lights + directionals could be better. Other than that, they are bright, and I have yet to see another GM full-sized SUV with them. I so wish YouTube would allow us to share links like the Amazon link or Pictures.. I'll try to keep an eye for replies. I liked and subscribed years back.
This old man, thanks you for all your efforts. It's very helpful. Thank you SIR.
As a always another great video. Came here after a completely subjective top 10 list that didn’t include the price 🤦🏻‍♂️
This video is the pinnacle of product reviews. No BS, no fluff, no stories. Clear and concise delivery of maximum information. Price is routinely shown. Editing is spot on. Subjective rating/comparison is explained and fair.
I’ve had a Viofo A119 mini on each of my 4 vehicles for the past couple years and they perform very well, sunlight or in darkness.    Not surprised to see Viofo come out on top in this comparison. Funny name, but top performer. Nice work in comparing these PF. Keep up the great work 👍🏼
I LOVE MY NEXTBASE 622 GW
Why am I watching Mickey Mouse on speed? Dude, chill out and stop screaming. You're running into a heart attack.
Made in China
Thanks for the video. I've given up  on these "4k" cams. I think the only solution is a gopro. Cant wait for you to test a gopro
Would have loved to see the setup in the truck. Surely you got some strange looks with all those mounted... 😂
Great video!
I've had the Viofo for a while and it's been great.
I have been using a dashcam for a couple of years now and the most annoying problem that I have with it is the suction cup windshield mount. It sticks for a few days and then falls off. The manufacturer needs to put a little more R&D into the mount.
Man make sure you guys actually use his links. I bought another VIOFO camera that wasn't the one he tested and the quality is literally as bad as the PRUVEEO in the video. My own fault, but just a warning to everyon else.
I do not see a backup camera comparison from you. I trust most of your comparisons more than anyone else as I know yours will not be biased.
Would have loved to see your setup with what 11 cameras at once (guessing by seeing the same traffic in all the shots ) lol , OH the wiring chaos ! !
I was looking for a "Dash Cam review video after drinking 25 cups of coffee."  This was the first video that popped up!
The voice😩
Your voice is overpowering, tone it down.
I live in Maine where in the winter might have -20 degrees. Is that level of cold a problem for any of these ?
Definitely a master in comparison analysis ❤️👍💪 i never buy anything before watching your report , thank you so much
Very very helpful
Very very helpful
Google is dumb. I buy a dashcam, then suddenly "Hey you wanna buy a dashcam" I buy a $1000 drone. "Hey you wanna buy a drone?" 😂
Thanks for the comparision
saw the coolcrazy on sale for $54, a no brainer for sure
Great review, the only other thing that I can think to review is whether or not you have to plug the camera in to a cigarette lighter or usb, versus internal batteries.  I suspect most want to be plugged in, but I'm tired of running wires around and having them hang all over my dash, battery-operated that could be recharged in between the uses would be better for me.
13:41 Seriously, anyone else think this footage from the Coolcrazy is good? I thought he would finally see the flaws in the oversharpening and overprocessing this camera does, but no.
The Viofo came out on top, but they have an updated model, the A119 Mini 2.
I'm happy you don't use AI narration...
Great info. Thanks
How come you keep meeting the same white vehicle in each test .??? Now I wonder how true are your test
someone stole my dashcam. maybe i'll get a Viofo but put a E-Yeeger sticker on the next one
I bought and installed the rove r2-4k. It’s ok, it has issues either with red breaklight glare on lights at night. It’s good enough for now, can protect me for fault in an accident but won’t be recording plates and street names.
The cool crazy was unreadable at 20 feet, I don't know how you say it made it to 30 ft
Why is this lady yelling about dash cams?
This guys voice is driving me crazy ........
Give me a break you show a viofo claim its 4k.   Then post amazon link to a 2k viofo lmao
Why the hell do you have to speak in that high tone and like machinegun  ?? I couldn't stand to watch the whole video First of all, English is not my main language and the voice pitch is unbearable.
Is this dude on speed?
Thanks! In the market for these now, thanks for the heads up!
The Redtiger app reviews are in the dumpster.
Thanks!  Slow the speech 10%?
32 gig wow a whole hour
What with your voice?
Amazing video, thank you for such in-depth reviewing
I bought VanTrue N4 Pros for both of our cars and I’m happy with them.  Great low-light performance.
I have 2 Rove cameras in my 2 trucks.  They work good haven't had any issues
"One review video that destroys the competition" :)
I was searching for dash cam reviews and found your video very helpful. Red Tiger has some bad reviews on REDDIT, but I am still not 100% convinced. Your information will be helpful.
Man... those product names, though..
Thanks for the hard work Not joking.  I thought they never complete I49
I nominate every Project Farm video for an Academy Award. No dang it I demand it.
The best always!!
you know that ALL dashcams use the same lens and sensor, the only differance might be software
Great vid! Thanks for the detailed and professional review
Don't just buy based on quality, keep in mind the recording realibility because the last thing you want is to be in an accident and the recording was never saved.
As always great stuff. I wish you had a mean to test high heat performance and longevity here where temps are 110*+ all summer the dash area of a car can be quite hot and kills most electronics and even the plastics cheap things are made of.
Excellent tastings and reviews 🎉 Great job ❤. Can we test mirror dash cams as well? ❤❤❤
nice
I got as far as 1 minute and had to turn it off as your voice is so high pitched..I mean really high pitched. 1st min was good so the rest was as well I'd say.
2:11 dashcam to capture approaching titans
Jeez, stop screaming
OMG please get someone else to do the voiceovers , your voice sucks, gotta dig the spoons out of my ears after 8 minutes
the only channel I trust!
$2.5/gallon, hahaha.
What a great review. Practical real-world testing and straight to the point on features that are essential for good performance. If recorded details such as street signs or licence plate numbers are illegible, the camera is not working as intended and the information is worthless. Thank you for taking the time and for having the patience to undertake this test.. A fan from Australia.
Buy ThinkWare dash cam, worth every penny. Bought one in 2016, and it is still operating as of to date.
Can we get a video of 360° cameras for car/motorcycle?
thanks for interesting selections! always watch you. why did i miss 70mai? lots of good reviews and for a long time they are considered the best ...
Thank you for the information. I know you’re trying to compress it into the possible smallest segment. However, at one point watching this video, I thought you were going to try to sell me a SHAM-Wow.
Thanks for testing all of those dashcams! 👍 That's a crazy-huge amount of video you had to review but well worth it for your viewers! Now go rest your eyeballs. 😁
Uh.. this is sooo high pitch. Hard to listen to :/
It's amazing that NONE of those look like real brands.
Brother has 2 Voices
Why on the driving test do we always see the same vehicle coming the opposite way ?
I would of liked some info on the GPS cams , But great work as always , Nice video , It's Amazon Prime sale right now and the : COOLCRAZY has a price tag of $55.00 , Or just the front cam with no rear cam is $40.00 , I think I'm going to grab that one .
Get something with an IMX678 or IMX415 sensor.  The Starvis 2 sensors are very good sensors.  Even the older Starvis are decent.
Props to the Back To The Future license plate.
What Consumer Reports could have been.  Onward!
This video is great .....but if I hear "They claim...." one more time I'm gonna go insane.
I have been looking at dash cams and it can be overwhelming. Thanks for taking time to review all of these. I like lighter image on some cameras; some were just too dark.
great
Great review... pathetic the USA cant make a camera...🇺🇸
Why does thing idiot talk like he has his ballz in a vice. Super irritating makes it unwatchable. 😅
Thanks again for making this video! My current dashcam just died and you helped me make an informed purchasing decision!
You, sir, are a treasure! Thank you for going through all of this for us. Can I give you 5 stars?
Cool crazy N8 is $55 on Amazon Prime Day July 2025.
You sir, deserve all the best things in life for this detailed, unbiased review. THANK YOU.
No doubt a good channel but I just simply can’t stand the voice 😅😢
Great video, I see you have more so I subbed. Are you aware of Linus's video tiitled Almost everyone is wasting money on Dash cams from a few years ago saying that alot of the hardware and software even was the same amongst the many manufacturers?
Good information from what I saw, but your high voice went through my head.  I couldn't finish watching the video.
Good job, but the voice over is annoying.
Important, SD cards are as well. confused they make me. U1 U3 V30 60 90, a good followup video idea it might be, but a lengthy one
Any interest in also doing a video rearview mirror comparison?
Unfortunately bad guys use fake or stolen plates so …
Thank you!
Need a good recommendation for a 2021 dodge durango, preferably one dash dam that runs 24 hrs a day and i can have live footage on my phone via an app is there such thing for any type of dashcam?
Very thorough, detailed and well planned presentation comparing all these  brands! Well done and thank you for your hard work! I found this video to be very helpful!
3 Months later, Viofo A119 V3 is still the best?   I know things change fast.
We're gonna test that. I love that. ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
Im surprised Vantrue and some other top contenders were not compared. Although, I do like the comparison between the budget cams.
I am surprised that you did not test GARMIN with your test cameras.
Why were no Gramin cams in the comparison?
Get what you're willing to afford. I run a cheap $40 2.5k dashcam and recently just recorded a sedan being hit by a semi and causing it to spin wildly into the median barrier. The video quality is fine enough. My very first dashcam was a viofo, and the Texas heat killed it after a year... My $40 dashcam is warped on top because of the heat, and it still works fine.
Great Review! 👍
Please stop putting your hands up in your thumbnail pictures. It's REALLY CREEPYI!AND WEIRDI!
I can’t do this dudes tone and cadence. 🙅🏻‍♂️
THIS WAS AWESOME!! THANKS.
Which dashcam is best to record interior and forward continuously for 17 hours with a sd and how many gigabytes would i need?
Best detail review 👏👏👏thank you
Please add a temperature test! All the cameras I’ve purchased either shutdown in summer heat, or fail to power on in Canadian winters!
Luckily my car is a crossover and has a 12V in the back so I dont need to run a long cable to the front for power; will definitely just go the two camera route for front and back.
Any American made dashcams?
I’m using a Zero Edge T4K.
*The ridiculous names of these Chinese companies are WILD...* 🤣😂🤣
I am so grateful for what you do. Only reviewer I trust .  I need to buy some dash cams and came here without a blink. Online and Reddit is a dumpster fire of recommendations. Thank you so much for what you do!
Viofo was the best!
Guys, thank you so much for your reviews! Every time I'm choosing something and come across your videos—whether it's tools, electronics, or anything else—I know I'm about to get a clear and well-reasoned explanation of why I should buy this and not that.
Great video, but why does every one of your sentences start with a deep voice, and turn high pitch halfway through?
Great work... I can't believe that you actually went through all of this work.  Wish I had seen your video before buying the Redtiger even though it's pretty good.
i was looking for a dash cam, and so relieved you made a video i can actually trust
I have been into dashcams for over a decade, many of the brands here i have never even heard of before, and there are hundreds of such brands that will launch a camera and then run so no service and no support. Today. You want system with starvis 2 sensor ( IMX 675 for 1440p and IMX 678 for 4K ) You also want HDR support for optimal chance of a plate capture in low light You also want to check the qualified memory card list, and you do not want to buy a too s´malle one, IMHO today 1 channel or more, at least get a 256 GB memory card.  Be advised there is fake 4K systems out there, now they will output 4K footage but it is extrapolated up from a lesser 1080 or 1440p sensor and so do NOT have 4K detail levels.  If you feel like getting a bit smarter before pulling out the wallet, well come on over to dashcamtalk forum and hit up the search button  Finally Americans with their silly small licence plates and often just one in the rear, well you do NOT want to skimp on resolution, and especially on the rear camera that will the only chance of a oncoming car plate as it have passed by. Be careful comparing to plate capture we EURO boys can dish out, our plates are much larger and actually made for easy reading so no BS background graphics allowed here.
I have the Wolfbox mirror model. Got it mainly for rear camera for viewing trailer hookup. From new it resets all of your settings including screen, time, GPS everytime you start the car. Hours online with service dept they jibber jabber nonsense, send GPS unit and new rear camera (so basically a second installation waste of time)and refuse to replace it. So I'm out $135 and 20 hours of my life messing with it.
Excellent Video  - your hard work should help many viewers with their camera decisions - I know it helped me a lot!
I watch several dashcam crash videos. I always pay attention the the brand that gives the best picture, and Viofo and Red Tiger seem to be both decent picks. Thank you PF for testing these! Any reason you didn't test a Garmin?
Thank you for sharing!
This is the best, most professional review channel for products. The amount of research and time that is put in is incredible.
Unfortunately the VIOFO A119 V3 Dash Cam 2K,  2560x1660P Quad HD+  doesn't have WI-FI connectivity !      The VIOFO A119 Mini 2, STARVIS 2 Sensor, 2K 60fps/HDR 30fps, Wi-Fi GPS, Supercapacitor has. Is it as good as the video one ? Or not ? Anybody ? Tks a lot
How come none were compared to garmin dash cams was this cheap dash cams only ? Are there better expensive ones?
I have the Viofo A129 Plus Duo (it comes with front & back cameras). That thing is amazing. It's also small and hides well - meaning it doesn't stick out a lot like most dashcams and right in your view. I would 100% buy another Viofo if this thing ever gave out. I have the same one for 3 years. Also got one for my wife's car.
Ive had the pruveeo and its a solid camera as far as reliability and 4 different views. Unfortunately it doesn't come close to redtiger images and even redtiger app is way better. That's something that i like personally, a good app that i can view my footage over the phone. I recommend redtiger and nexar. As far as the mirror dash cams ive heard wolfbox was decent but i haven't tried many different to compare yet.
Ordered a Viofo purely based on your recommendation and honesty. Please don’t sell out.
I feel like you should be given a Ph.D. in Dashcam analysis! Super fantastic and subscribed just to imagine the amount of hard work you put into it. As someone who's easily overwhelmed with options. This is exactly what I needed! Thank you so much!
just curious.. how did you choose these cams??  was it starting from cheapest you could find?
man i love the video but im sorry your voice is incredibly annoying. your pitch seems to change by a ton throughout each sentence, and its hard to focus on what you're saying, maybe try some audio editing to make the pitch more consistent? no hate, just constructive criticism
Honestly man, I really appreciate your videos every time that I look for review on the odd item and your video shows up. I always click it. Absolutely love what you’re doing.
VIOFO Win. One of the best brand out in the market, beats the more expensive dashcams out there, just has less extra features but Video Quality is top notch and that is what we need for dashcam.
Man is this voice annoying.
cheap "ButFang" companies
I went through this lol I ended up putting a GoPro on my windshield.
I recently upgraded from the Viofo to the 70mai A810, because my main issue with the Viofo is the compression engine seems to blur/ghost frames, which becomes an issue at high speed. The camera is extraordinary for the price in every category but motion blur. I have the 70mai A500 in my other car and while the Viofo is debatably superior in some categories, like sharpness and HDR (especially headlight bloom and lit signs at night) it doesn’t experience the compression issues the Viofo has. Unsurprisingly, neither does the 70mai A810. It’s a more expensive camera but is superior or equal to the Viofo, offering a 4k sensor (I record at  1080p 60fps hdr off so high speed objects are sharp, and night recording is still adequate)  I moved the Viofo to the rear as a stand alone camera hardwired to the 12v accessory port in the trunk that is live only when the car is on. Easy cheap solution to a front and rear camera: just buy two.
Thank you, this has been unbelievably helpful! My OCD always has me obsessing over the minutia while my ADHD makes me terrible at aggregating and assessing the data, so this video saved me a whole bunch of anxiety ridden time spent on the dash cam rabbit hole. Snagged two Viofos for the front and back of my Roadtrek, which I unnecessarily felt silly doing before, so i particularly appreciate you co-signing that exact strategy at the end, and i know I’ll be happier knowing I have a clear rear image and the added redundancy of a second device. If I hadn’t seen your video I’d have probably just gone with the Red Tiger based on number sold and rating and been stuck with a low quality rear image and no redundancy. I even found the Viofo from Amazon refurbished (excellent) for $70🎉 Thanks again!
So basically for the most part you get what you pay for...who wouldve thought.  That being said the v300 is an ok budget choice. Its not the worse but its definitely the cheapest option
Sir...this ticked all the tech-buttons i had. Excellent review! Thank you!
Wow, what a well-made review. Seriously nice work! Thank you for this
Thank you for this review. I have been struggling with the choices out there and you solved my dilemma. Ordered my Viafo.
Sorry but the voice is piercing my skull. Also what is the point of reading out the specsheet at 1000mph without actually testing them? And where is the bitrate information... This video is basically useless, anyone can read the specsheet themselves...
Who comes up with these names 😂
I am running out of words to say how great this channel is.
Thanks, so far you have provided the best dash cam reviews.
Would love to see some of the newer Garmin dashcams compared to these or  like a part 2 to this.
simply the most irritating voice on the internet!!
huyijokl; '
Thanks for your time
VIOFO has better models & also offer models with front & rear cameras, in 4K.  From what I have seen about dash cams, I would look at only 4K cameras.
surprised to not se thinkware on here. ive been running an f200pro in all my cars
What happend to your voice, sounds like you got kicked in the nuts.
Your energy, dedication, and thoroughness is top notch. I try to remember to always check if there is a project farm video about the tool I’m about to get
I wish u do reviews  ( 70Mai camera 📸)
One thing to keep in mind and not mentioned in this test.  Most of the bottom tier no-name brands are using the same chipsets for image processing. You will hear the same chime when starting up. That chipset really limits what the camera is capable of delivering. Bad chipset and an amazing 4k camera will yield a bad image. The upper and most mid tier brands (Viofo, Wolfbox, Rove, Yi, Blackvue, Thinkware, etc) usually will have custom or upgraded chipsets that deliver better quality images. The dashcamtalk forum is a great place for more info such as optimal settings. Something that wasn't done in this test.  The bottom tier is good enough if you just want to prove whether a light was green/red, brake checks, insurance fraud (backing up into your car) and poor driving in general. Upgrade to mid tier if you want to see the plate (real or fake) of the car that hit you and drove away. Upgrade to upper tier if you want to submit a clear video clip to the various youtube channels.
This is awesome. Looking forward to this after Linus's video 2 years ago basically shaming the entire industry.
Accessing video footage is my biggest hurdle. We use our phones. Why is Viofo the worst possible app and GUI? And nobody wants to put a box on their windshield. I’d rather a slimmer rectangular design.
Viofo is $95 now as well. so even cheaper
Listening at 2x speed is hilarious!
We have a pair of Roves and recommend them to everyone.
Yep another great review. After a deep dive 5 years ago I bought 2 VIOFO 4K. one with the extra cam that way I cover front rear and inside!
Legend !
Is there a way you could modify this test to include a reliability metric? That is, given "x" amount of force striking a car, how many failures to record per 100 strikes (or similar number) does the unit have? The best cam in the world is useless if it doesn't reliably activate when you need it to and nearly all models have failures at inopportune times.
Hey thank you for this one!
Thanks!
Viofo & Cool crazy has nice colouring camera
Great content!  I have had a Viofo A119 V3 since 2023  with GPS and polarizing lens.  I installed a CLASS 10 mico SD card to keep from losing critical data. Class 10 has the ability to record data quickly and is very durable for read/write.  Kingston makes an affordable one. I have the Viofo set to continuously record and overwrite the oldest.  You can either set the camera to automatically save a video if a crash happens or set it up for manual saving by pressing a button. I need to experiment again with the auto save, previously, the camera was triggering when I went over railroad tracks or potholes. My only complaint is that the screen is VERY small. I have it mounted near the center roofline of my RAM truck which puts it more than an arms length away, making any viewing of menus or content nearly impossible from the drivers seat.   Thanks again for your time an effort to make these videos! I wonder if you have time for anything else! BTW, what do you do will all the stuff that is lower on the test rankings??
I purchased a Garmin Mini 2 a couple years ago and been really happy with it but you make me want to test it out in comparison to your tests 😂 Thank you for the great work you do testing for all of us 🙏
Totally useless test. You don't use a dash cam to see signs or what the gas price is. They are there to help you if you get into something, like an accident you didn't cause or something happening in front of you.  If you want to use a camera to video blog where you are, there are much better alternatives.  I can also add that both my Wolfang Dashcam and Wolfang action camera give much better results than in your test.  Then you should get someone to do a voice over for you because your voice pitch gave me a migraine from hell.
OUTATIME. Nice. Back To The Future reference
Rove got robbed! Your final summary of scores doesn't match the individual scores for each test for the Rove. The Rove average for all six tests should have been 1.92 and not 3.0 giving it a solid 2nd place finish.
Viofo vs Garmin
Thank you. Do you have reviews about mirror dash cams, by the way?
do you have any videos on interior dash cams?  I need a decent dash cam (under $150) that records my phone inside the car.
When I was choosing a dashcam for my car, I was deciding between the VIOFO and the RedTiger.  I went with the RedTiger because at the same price the VIOFO did not include a rear camera.  On top of that, RedTiger units and bundles are very common and cheap on eBay.  I was able to score a brand new RedTiger F7NP with a 32GB SD card for only $56.
You didn't even include the most highly rated one.... Vantrue N4/N5 Pro......
Thanks!
Damn! You’re on the ball bro! Thank you for the great video and all the facts! “Just the facts man!!”  😂
Truck driver here.  Been using ROVE’s for a while with the 256gb cards so I can record a full day no loops in case I cannot download any feed quickly due to the issue of getting off the road with 80k lbs of a hazmat rig.  I would say if you have the money get whatever is going to give you the most frames per second because that’s really the only way to capture tag numbers when you’re rolling down the highway at 60 to 70 mph. Other than that, you’re gonna have to spend hundreds upon hundreds of dollars to get a perfect read out and even then always remember it’s only gonna be at the angle at which the camera is pointing at the time which sometimes in my case I need to get the DOT/MC numbers or the VIN registration numbers off of other trucks instead of just the tag of the trailer Which really doesn’t do much.  I will def check out the top performer here.    And just as a sidenote for anyone, that’s unfortunate enough to be in an incident where they have to use this footage just always remember when the incident happens immediately pull over as quickly as you can to a safe area and dial 911 because most law-enforcement agencies will not do much of anything if you decide to just go home capture the video and then call Police. They would rather the report be made out in the area of the incident that way it’s easier to verify everything even if you can’t get the video downloaded which in my case, I carry an iPhone card reader where I can pull it off of my iPhone pretty quick and at least give them little snippets of the video until I can get home to download the full video Which at 4K you’re usually going to have to upload to a Google Drive file and then just send them the link.
Can't thank you enough for doing this research. It's so hard to pick just reading and trusting what is said. I watch you a lot but just subscribed now since you saved me so much time. After all, seeing is believing. You make great videos
VIOFO is on sale. -21% $94.99
No wolfbox g900 pro in this review?! For shame
I've had the Nextbase top line model and the 100+ degree heat obliterated it. I've had the Viofo for about 3+ years now and it's survived multiple heatwaves.
Whats wrong with this guys voice
Thanks for doing the research. Think I’m gonna put my life in the hands of the V300
Very helpful! Considering my 1st dash cam for 2021 Volvo XC40. There’s the FitCamx as it offers an OEM-style integration, meaning it blends seamlessly into the vehicle’s design (The front sensors behind the mirror.) without looking like an aftermarket add-on. Now, how it compares here to the Volvo?
Thank you. My Rove R2-4k has started to act up. Only had it for three years and it was a good camera for our family, until the glitches. I was told by Customer Service, that I’m lucky to have had the camera for that long, but unfortunately parts wear out. No other solutions, no firmware updates, or offering a discount for another one.  They lost my business.  I’m glad I watched your video. It shows to me there are far better dash cams out there and I was holding onto a subpar brand.   I appreciate all your hard work in your video for best dash cam.
BEST work i've seen! Your content is perfection! thanks!
Thank you for the review on dash cams. I have been wanting one but never knew which one to get. You helped me there and I do now have one. Thank you!!  Can you do a review on best backup cameras to install on vehicles?
1st and most important - super capacitor - not lithium battery
Have you reviewed the Thinkware dashcam and others in that price category?
ill keep em in mind
Thanks for the video. Been looking for a decent dash cam and not to break the bank either. Another great job testing out these products
What a let down from Wolfbox. At their price point, I expected more. I was so close to clicking the “Buy” button on wolfbox website, and I thought, ehhhh, let me watch some review videos first. I’m glad I did that. Phew!!   Thanks for the awesome and straight forward video. You covered pretty much all of the dash cams in the market right now in such short video compared to most. Thank you!
This is really great. I wish you’ve added the maximum recording time using max capacity memory card for each
Brother I have watched you for years but the hyper caffeinated Jerry Seinfeld shrill voice has gotten to me and I can't listen anymore
Red tiger is in my wife’s car, and we’re happy with it. Holds up well to the Texas summer heat
Gotta watch at 0.75x speed to really hear what you're saying lol
I have had a few VIOFO cameras and while they are very good please check out the 70mai brand because for the money I actually find them more impressive
Extremely helpful as always. Thanks!
Hey mister why are you yelling all the time?  There is an amplifier in the device, no need to be so loud, and high pitch. It hurts my ears... just chillax. Semi interesting videos though... kinda...
I have had viofo for 6 months now. There are more expensive dash  cameras out there but I believe Linus tech did a video comparing viofo and more expensive brands. Tl dr: most high end cams use the same tech as viofo just different shells and software.
I am surprised that there isn’t a program that we could upload so that we are able to use all the cameras that already exist on our vehicle.  I believe my truck has around 6-8 cameras.
Awesome review !!!!!
Lobe the videos ! I was wondering if you could do another comparison but with some more name brands? Nexar, viofo (again), vantrue, 70mai, etc. I have a 70mai and would love to know if maybe one of those are a better option especially getting into the higher price points. Ones that have apps, parking modes and ability to download and view videos right away without plugging the SD card into a laptop.
Make comparison between mirror dashcams please
Dude! just found out about your channel after talking to a friend about wanting to get more security for my family in these crazy times. I  watched your vehicle camera video today for the first time, I thought it was outstanding, I have one one question and hope you can give or do a video on it, My question is what is the best 4 channel dash cam to capture front, rear, interior, and both front passenger windows all at the same time, also do any of the have live streaming, and cloud storage to prevent tampering or deleting by anyone other than the owners. I know it's a hard and drawn out question but the times require it. Thank You.
I installed a dashcam a few years ago on my car. It was one with the highest scoring in reviews. Working great!  Unfortunately, in a year, the rear camera became opaque. Then a few years later, the whole dashcam started rebooting continuously, making it useless. I tried everything I could to understand why, but I couldn't fix the problem. This is the problem with h/w reviews: they do not check for the reliability of items.
Excellent! Thanks!
10 seconds in and I already love this video!
Would you please do experiments for best car cooler to keep your drink and food cold during a long trip. There are several videos but I like your videos better and trust your tests better. As you can see I refer your video comparisons as "experiments" :)
where's the company with a name I recognize....idk like......GARMIN???
What about temperature shutdown limits.
Missing the Vueroid D21 4K 2CH Dashcam with Wifi, GPS, and ADAS (64GB).
Ok, now make a video showing which dashcam is better than the top picks in this video
Informative - just mute the video and enjoy
Had you tested Blackvue you would have blown them all away.  Most of the crap on amazon is all the same guts inside different boxes.  Blackvue isn't cheap, but it is hands down the best out there(in my opinion).
I have a RedTiger in my SUV and it's been great. Even the rear view camera has a sharp image to it. I've sent a few near misses and accidents to the Dashcam Lessons YT channel.
Linus Tech Tips already did this and proved if it is not 4K and has autofocus with night vision...your've been screwed...and none of the dash cams have auto focus thus rendering them mostly worthless for driving accidents  Almost EVERYONE is Wasting Money on Dash Cams. Linus Tech Tips  16.4M subscribers   11M views  2 years ago
Thanks for the great video, but the voice and how fast everything was going had my head spinning lol!!! great stuff anyway! thanks
4:29 thats not readable on the left one at all from 20 ft. at 15ft it looks like jewish letters.. cmon man. 5:50 are you for real here? the right one is so pixelated and broken compared to the left one that is a completely different ballgame. man... this channel is going downhill when it comes to the facts of performance.  going to have to look elsewhere now.. the 60ft could just as well read bO or b0..  this channel used to thing right and tight. now its a sloppy mess with household articles and so much "un farm" related items.. sad to see
Cool review! Thank you, Chief!
Can you include the Vantrue N4 pro next time? A lot of channels have reccomended it
This man has steered me towards so many great products and does it with extremely efficient and informative videos. I appreciate your work sir.
Amazing video, the amout of time it probably took to edit this together and the pure info provided is amazing.  Thank you
Dang no Fitcamx? That is the one that is constantly recommended to me
Thank you for the video, my dash cam didnt pass the sunproof test,  the screen became blury until it totally crack in less than a year even with the sunshade.
Appreciate you reviewing these, but can you do a follow up with legitimate brands not garbage products?
Can’t take the voice had to stop watching
Whow ❤. Thought I was listening horse racing.  Great job😅
I got the Viofo when it was on sale on Amazon years ago and it's been great. The camera is so good that I use it to film off-roading in my jeep. It's held up in 105 degree heat and -5 degree cold. I highly recommend!
I tell everyone about project farm reviews, i really enjoy the information!
I hate this guys voice
Very informative video and I love the efficient presentation style. Thanks for the upload.
Everything is made in China except babies...They're made in Va-China
Thanks for the work put into this.
I appreciate the video but why the wacky voice? If that’s your real voice I apologize but I can’t imagine you order with that voice at say Cracker Barrel.
Imagine a cop watching this guy lol, ok that’s the 60th time he’s stopped there and made 5 stops each time lol
Where the fck is Garmin
for musicians ,and keyboard players : C2 to G3 Cminor . :D who talk like this ???? it is normal for you ?? :D :D
I just realized if you slow the video down by a 3rd, his voice is not so high..
Viofo A229 Plus captured 1440p and it does come with front and rear camera. Price is doubled though. I think this is by far the best choice
Wow what a great review. Your format is excellent!  Keep up the good work!
I really appreciate the time you put into your videos. I can only imagine how many hours it took to just get the driving footage of the first signs and trees. Ugh.  I'll guess at least 5 hours.
You should do action camaras next!!!
Great comparison, thanks!
You were in a field with signs yet this is one of the best – cam videos I've seen so far you need to do a bunch more brands and with 2.2 million views as of right now I'm pretty sure you got the money to do so keep up the good work man
I’ve been hearing a lot about the Rove cams and figured I’d do some research and Viofo again doesn’t disappoint me lol.   VIOFO does have an app btw and I use to have the A139 dual and it works pretty good, I think I spent a total of $145 ish on it too so not bad.
Hands down the best channel for real results of the best anything! I rely on this YouTube channel more than Amazon reviews before I make a purchase!
Dang dude, get a narrator.
I would love to see how my Vantrue E3 compares
Ive been using nexar. It has stopped recording to the sd card, but it still sends the vids to my phone when im done driving. Anyone else have experience with nexar?
I've had the Red Tiger for two years now. It's still going strong. I've saved a few videos over that time and it really looks good. Even at night, it picks up really well. This is my first dash cam and I will def consider this brand when I get my next car.
Have you tried the wolf box g900 rear view mirror series line?
I hope your thumb is OK, brother.
I always feel like, somebody’s watching me!!
I've never heard of any of those brand's mine is a rexing. Would have liked to see how it would've compared.
I deeply appreciate this review. Any chance you are up to do a review of digital rearview with cameras?
thank you for making this review, super legit and useful comparisons, I bought based off your review. thanks!
Tweeters for a buck!!!
He should have only reviewed name brands, not nonames on Amazon. This video despite it's good testing, is pointless.
Wish you had included a Uthink U1000
Timely review
jesus, china lies sooooo much. when i watch a 4k video on my tv the image quality is amazing, it's like being there. but these "4k" cameras.... you really can't trust anything on amazon or coming out of china anymore :/ "made in china" isn't a label, it's a warning.
Dudes talking so fast and so repetitive I keep thinking I’m watching dog races or an auction. Cool crazy!!
This is probably one of the best review videos I've ever seen, thank you for the hard work!
More dashcam reviews !
Really wanted to watch/listen to this review but I just couldn't take your voice!
2x speed to sleep 😴 😊
Thanks for the review! i would love to see the Viofo tested against Garmin cameras, as well as the cobra brand dash camera
Thank you! Great video!
I wonder how the Garmin units would compare to those reviewed here.
This is an awesome video. Thank you for posting.🙏
Please test namebrand dash cameras too, not just some made up Amazon brand that's here today gone tomorrow. I used to love my Cobras. I heard Garmin had some good ones. Toyota has a stock camera in their new vehicles as an add-on. Thank you
Barney Fife voice! Slow down Barney!
This was a super helpful review, I tend to work closing shifts so I leave pretty late a night, and having comparisons for nighttime footage helps a lot. Was looking at a Red Tiger, but after seeing it's nighttime performance, definitely looking more at a Viofo. I'd prefer something with a wider fov, but fov doesn't do much if you can't read the license plate of the car that side-swipes you.
Wish Blackvue was on here since that’s what I have. VIOFO is tempting
Almost all dash cams have 5-6 year old cmos sensors on them      It’s crazy how bad most of them are. Ok for finding fault in an accident but useless for reading license llates
Here I thought I was going to get a Garmin recommended by my on-road CDL trainer. I would love one that is suction, or I guess has an easily remade mounting bracket from a 3D printer, as I plan to use a dash cam in both my truck and personal vehicle.
Thanks!
I had to skip to the end of the video, I couldn't listen to that voice
I trust this man wholeheartedly. Awesome video and thank you for your time and effort on this video!!
I have the RedTiger dashcam and love it. It has given me zero problems, quality seems good and it is quick to fire up when I start the car. I don't drive a lot at night so low light video quality isn't super important. I love that the GPS antenna is part of the suction cup mechanism so the whole unit is pretty compact. I like it enough I am going to buy a second one for my other vehicle.
What about motion detection?
I bought the Viofo without doing any research and am happy I did after this video. It has never given me any issues whatsoever in the Canadian winter. I heard Viofo dash cams are very specific about the type of SD card it can take (I think only 2 specific kinds) so be sure to get the right one.
Brother I've been waiting on you to make this video for a long time.  Please redo this every 2-3 years lol. Appreciate you!
GREAT VIDEO I LOVE BETER VIOFO
I recently installed a Wolfbox 900 TRI pro on my truck with the 3rd camera installed on the back of my RV using an sealed cat 6 wire to transmit to the back of the RV....great setup for the price.
Dang I’m bummed you didn’t have models from Cobra and Garmin with the test
Excellent review. Side by side doesn't lie.
Thank you for such an informative video
i have the viofo, i recommend the other models they sell if you want rear facing cameras
thank you for this <3
This is great.  Would you also do web cams for your desktop or laptop?  There is so much garbage, and I'm not sure if Logitech is any better.  All the reviews online are fake. @projectfarm
Looks like the Viofo hands-down! Thanks for that great rundown on these. I am wondering how well the gps functions work eg. how well does the speed print over the vid and any other features it adds.
The Viofo isnt great, its just that everything else sucks so much worse. I've been using a Viofo 4k with a rear camera for years now, the rear stopped working recently, freezes up the camera
This is great, however, your conclusions have errors in it.   Your summary results for several Cool Crazy stats is different on your end summary resulting in that camera getting a lower average rating.
Wich viofo model did you use?
This definitely felt like I was watching a comparison video but if I close my eyes and looked away, it sounded like I was listening to a race between racers with weird/funny monikers lol. Thank you for this video!
Testing dash cams was an awesome idea. Viofo was an excellent choice, but I had hoped you included some of the other better one's that most people buy like VanTrue, BlackVue, Thinkware, Garmin etc, and perhaps some secondaries like Miofive and Mai which are not the best, but better than probably most of the models here.
Project Farm is top 3 internet review opinions I trust w/o question
We Are a factory with 15 years of experience in R&D and production of dashcams,providing professional OEM solutions for CarPlay smart screens and driving recorders.
Most of these products are based on Chiese designs and manufacturing.We are honored to see so many friends around the world appreciate them.
I have the viofo and guys don't waste your money on more expensive cameras, it is great... Specially with the hk3 hardwire kit. Only "flaw" is being a single chanel so if you want a rear dashcam you have to buy a separate.
Amazing video as always! You are definitely the gold standard for unbiased product testing.  I'm very curious however how the Viofo would stack up against comparables from BlackVue or Thinkware.  From what i can find, the sensor used will be the biggest factor so it would be interesting to see the differences in cameras that use the same one!
I thought they were all bad. Then half way through i realise that i was watching on 480p...
Thank you!
The coolcrazy has some weird sharpening algorithm that's making things very blocky. I find it nearly unreadable in most cases. The RedTiger worked much better. The Viofo is amazing! Too bad it has such limited features.
speaking in high frequency
I would like to see you add the wolf box to your review. Thanks for all you do.
You would’ve tried the vantrue brand
VIOFO A139 PRO user here, had it for 3 years, good dash cam.
I love how your videos are just one-run on sentence 😊
My $40 dash cam I bought about 5 years ago has now saved me well over $1,500,000 thanks to 3 accidents, 1 totaled car, and a bogus lawsuit. At the end of the day, just buy one because being the one with video evidence is all that matters in the court room.
Wow, best review of dash cams I’ve ever seen…. Nice job👍
Try the wolfbox 900 pro it will destroy all these cams
I have a RedTiger that I got the optional polarized filter for, which improves the image quality substantially
Anyone else watching @3x the speed?  Cheers!
I’m looking for a review of battery powered pressure washers.  Have you done one yet ?
Had a red tiger for about 2 years, it just up and died on me about a month ago. Also kept having SD card issues every couple of weeks where i would have to format the card. Otherwise, great dashcam.
Have you tested a Vantrue dash cam
Was kind of sad you didn't see how much torque each dash cam could take before exploding. Otherwise, great review!
I’m in Las Vegas and I haven’t found one Dash cam that doesn’t seem to melt or quit working due to the extreme heat in the summer
Awesome, thanks
Great review!  You really put them to the test!  I’m really happy I came across your video today!
This was amazing!! Thanks from a fellow Wisconsinite!!!
Lower your voice volume!
I have 4 VIOFO's.
Something else to consider is temperature resilience.  Hot Australian summers will kill a lot of them. I'm not sure about cold.
Is the Viofo easy to remove? I 've had 3 dash cams stolen and now I just remove them when I park.
This video is a God send.
Hi out there, I'm confussed as usual looking for front and rear dash cameras with easy install and the 24 hours surveillance and cheap if possible? Any help would be be genuinely appreciated. Regards Mark.
A++
The Viofo A139 Pro is the absolute best budget camera. There’s a couple better ones with a 1000$ price tag but not enough better to make it worth spending $700 compared to the A139pro
I have the Viofo A119 mini and have been using it for like 2 months. One issue I have is that if you want to transfer the video without pulling the SDcard, my phone has to be in airplane mode to connect to the camera.
Why wasn't Vantrue N4 Pro added to this? It was highly rated, especially for having the Sony Starvis 2 sensor. And before you say "but other cameras here has the Starvis 2 sensor and they didn't perform well", well that's because they have shittier lenses and overall worse impementation of the sensor (shittier companies likely add this sensor to their shitty products as a marketing scam). I know it's pricier, but if you're going to buy a dashcam, you better get one that has the best image quality. After all, you're protecting an asset that's worth potentially thousands of dollars, and a lot of Americans would be SOL without a car (since we destroyed our public infrastructure and made everyone car dependent). I mean, if you're really poor and need just a front facing one, the Viofo is the obvious choice, but I'm sure people that watch your videos have vehicles running in the 10's to 100's of thousands of dollars, and there are better dashcams like the N4 Pro.   It's also still better to have the back camera, even if it's lower quality. They should have been tested just to show what the quality looks like.
I keep the microphone turned on my dash cam so I can call out a license plate if I don't think the camera got it, or narrate activity that I'm seeing.  You can also get polarized covers for the Viofo which will help with glare.
How do these compare to a Garmin ?
When you were testing, did you leave them out in the hot sun to see if that would effect operations like overheating or other malfunctions related to direct sun exposure for extended periods of time?  I live in Texas and ideally I don't want something that I have to take down every time I park my truck in the summer.
Owner problem has been continuous recording.
Great tests thanks - as usual. Viofo for the win!  G’day (again) from downunder 🇦🇺
NO JAP Brands😭Just Chinese crap. Redo with real quality
@ProjectFarm What dash cam would you recommend for my 2025 hrv sports since it does not have any cigarette lighter plug?
the issue with most of these dashcams tends to be the image processing tbh the resolution matters very little its all abput the mp pf the sensor and the image processing
I was in the market for a dashcam and needed some advice. Checked out your video, problem solved. GREAT review !!
AMAZINGLY valuable service that you offer us here!! Thank you, sir! Please put some Metabo (HPT Hitachi Power Tools) to brutal tests compared to Dewalt and Milwaukee. In particular I've personally been impressed by Metabo corded 4 1/2" Angle grinder and their top of the line 1/2"  cordless drill with clutch and hammer function. - The kit that comes with two batteries and huge charger base and green case. That corded Metabo drill seems smooth as butter!
Rove is my favorite
If you do another round of reviews, could you include some of these brands: Street Guardian, BlackVue, Garmin, Thinkware, and Rexing? These are the big name players in the dashcam field. Sony sensors are where it's at, specifically Starvis 2 nowadays. And DashCamTalk is an excellent resource for extra info!  Viofo is a huge name and I'm glad to see it included here, though they have a ton of models. And it looks like RedTiger is an up-and-coming brand, too.
Very well done video, sir. I really enjoyed how detailed you were in the comparisons. Thank you for the work you do.
Hey this might be expensive but can you please do a comparison of thermal cameras? I'm curious if the AliExpress models are decent, fluke charges 6000 usd while they cost less than 200 also fluke has a model for 500 that attaches to the phone, I'm curious for a new plumbing business can I use the cheaper cameras
11:35  "Coolcrazy is on the left and the Ovaman is on the right" -- did you mean to say *RedTiger* is on the right?
Have you tested any of the cameras for heat resistant inside vehicles ??I just got a Rove and it act up if the car is really hot
terrible audio
vantrue is my favorite
WHAT fantastic timing. My old dash camera broke last week while I was on vacation. I was in the market for a new one and along comes Project Farm. Very Impressive!  The Viofo A119 is exactly what I've been looking at before you even recommending it. Just ordered myself one today after this video! I couldn't find a reviewer that I trusted until I saw this video. Great work man! If I could afford to subscribe I totally would. Thank you for what you're doing!
Brilliant competent review. Thank you! RedTiger for me over the VIOFO, which has no rear camera!
This is awesome but it would also be cool to include store brands from places like bestbuy, as sometimes people want to get those things instantly or have them installed by someone else, like me :)
I saw one sitting on the shelf at a discount grocery store a few years ago. $15. Worked phenomenaly well for many years. Video better than  very expensive ones today.
0:47 - I'm not the only one who picks at the skin next to my fingernails! Whew! I've found some solution in keeping my fingernails short. Epic & wonderfully helpful video, as usual!
I am sick of all this crap made in china. FQ china!
TLDR; When choosing a dashcam, be mindful if you live in an area that gets very hot!  I'm very grateful I have a dashcam (Viofo 129 front and rear). I haven't had to use it personally but have been able to provide footage as witness to crashes (I even got subpoenaed for my footage on one). However, living in Texas, the heat is a thing and I've had to replace the front camera once in about 4 years and I notice that the colors are more affected (orange and blown out spots) on bright days than when I first got it.  I'm thinking about positioning it where it's a bit more protected, but it does also disconnect from the mount easily, so I could take a few seconds to attach it each time I get in my truck.
Thanks  If I change up the speed, I remember my water pistol contest at the county fair!  ;)
Why is his voice modulating in Frequency   ¿¿¿¿
he's starting to soundê lykê Skotty Killmorê   😂😂🤣😂😅
You should do announcements for horse races
consumers owe you big time for your videos, Not all heros wear capes
And the narrator couldn’t stop beginning every sentence with “and”. And it became too annoying to tolerate. And, as good as the reviews were, the channel lost a subscriber.
Yep, and I might add one thing, using the best sensor like the Starvi 2 may mean chit, it's like getting the best computer processor and putting it onto the worst motherboard, it DOES make a big difference, I'll choose a VIOFO or red tiger soon.
You had to look like the most paranoid person ever with all those cams on your dash.
Had a lot of them and I like the rexing cameras that stick to the windshield with adhesive by far the best I've used and pretty cheap and seem really reliable
Our good friend is actually a baritone... But when he compresses 4 hour videos into ½ an hour...  🐿  ✔️ I don't even own a car, but this was very helpful. Now I will buy a car for that Viofo camera. Maybe a nice Volvo for the Viofo... An XC70? 🤔
Can you do fishing reels.?
Nice job.
PF....MANY MANY MANY thx bro!
VIOFO ftw amazing testing! Thank You
These cameras are pathetic. You guys need to review 70mai A810 camera
This was a great comparison and put my mind at ease. I picked up a Redtiger F7NP couple months ago for $67, haven't been able to install due to surgery. Will install this weekend, very happy!
Great video, but I would have liked the Nexar brand included. Possibly in the future?
Why is it everything that we buy in the United States is made? in China, Mexico, Canada or Vietnam?  So we are unable to make anything in this country anymore. That is really sad.
10 out of 10, excellent choice in license plates. Would watch again.
Is no one going to mention the flaw in your rating system‽ 🤔  Seriously great analysis - very thorough and practical - but your headings say you're rating 1-5, and your actual ratings go all the way to 11. I figure someone so dedicated to doing it well would want to know. Thanks for your efforts!
Awesome video as always!   Along similar lines as dash cams, a video on aftermarket backup camera systems would be great!
PLEASE FIND US THE BEST TRULY WIRELESS MAGNETIC REVERSE CAM WITH MONITOR. 🙏🙏🙏Preferably no apps because CHINA….
ok ok, i'll buy! just stop screaming at me!
I'd like to see a screenless dashcam comparison. You don't need a screen and they're kind of a distraction, and if you have a convertible, a dashcam with a screen can easily be stolen. I use a motorcycle dashcam without a screen but I wouldn't mind upgrading.
interesting testing
Hi, I would included a Nextbase as well, I know it’s not a budget one but as a comparison
i have a question about one of the scenes in the video, where i saw the same truck pass in all the cam scenes, did you have all the cams on the dashboard at the same time, or one by one for each drive by ...?
Great! Perhaps you would consider a review of trail cameras. Thanks, Greg
Viofo makes the A129 Plus Duo. It's a front and rear camera set up with 2K front 1080 rear for $140 on Amazon. I've been using it for over a year and love it. It's my 3rd dashcam and I couldn't be happier. It's sat in 120 degree sun and works the same today as the day I got it.
Does uploading the video to youtube affect the resolution?   because sometimes when you say the license plates are readable, I struggle to read the license plates.
Please compare the viofo with the 3 latest nextbase dashcams. Many thanks for your efforts,  good work and generosity also Sir and God Bless from London UK 🎉😊
I've been running Rove R2s for several years now. They work great.
How does the viofo 2k cam with sony starvis 1  have a better picture then the rove 4k with sony starvis 2 ?????     Please explain
Full of surprises.
The coolcrazy is currently on sale with a 40% off coupon.
Vantrue is really good too N4 and up
I swear man, this channel is a god-sent channel. Straight to the point, quick and accurate testing, no fluff. Amazing man
Love my 2 channel Viofo, will probably get the 4K Viofo with the second-gen Starvis sensor for my other car.  It’s a no-brainer if you have kids that borrow your car.
Damn no 70mai
I use a Viofo A229 4K at work. It's money well spent that will make back its money tenfold if needed. For me it's an insurance that everyone should get.
VIOFO A229 Pro is my choice for cost to performance with our vehicles. 4K up front, 1440 in the back, the only downer is the 30fps limit. Not worth an extra $200 IMO to get 60fps but only on the front cam. Though, I guess you COULD mix and match front and rear combos from them to get a bit better pricing.
you're hard to listen to
My Viofo came with a rear facing camera, its been happily working away for years. Mines the A129 Pro Duo and is even better still. There is even a better one if you want 3 channels (cameras?) the A139.
- Hello Project Farm, Thank you for your very useful and interesting videos. - Please make a comprehensive video about best coating for longevity of Natural Rubber Bands:  For example using: WD-40, Glycerin, Paraffin, Silicone Lubricant, or etc.
According to a question posted on Amazon, the CoolCrazy N8 uses a GC4663 CMOS chip; its rear camera utilizes a GC2083. The SOC is the V553.
Why not Viofo mini 2? It has WIfi, App and voice control. It also has Starvis 2 imx675.
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Fyi Viofo is the dashcam used to capture the viral video of the scammers. They were in a grey Honda and braked checked a lady but when she didn’t rear end them, they reversed into her vehicle.
I have a Viofo A129 pro dual in my truck for going on 4 years now.  Great and clear camera at a decent price.
Are there any dash cams not made in china?
CoolCrazy seems to have WAY too much Sharpness, I Will be buying the VIOFO, very impressive!
Awesome! Thank you so much for the video!
I think 70mai 810a better more than Viofo
I bought the 70mai with front and rear camera. Pretty good quality and cost me around $100.
VIOFO has a newer model that has better resolution than the model in this video and best of all, it’s the same price on Amazon as the tested model. It’s called the VIOFO A119 Mini 2. It also has WiFi to connect you phone and download video.
Thanks for your service.
IF I werent already subscribed the Back to the Future reference alone would have got me.
Next video about expensive dashcams.
Okay, Now I have a weird question: Why in every test of each dash cam when coming to the stop sign in the sun was there the 2 exact same vehicles driving by at the exact same moments each time.
Another good video, always appreciate your stuff.
Damn now im doubting mine
Very good review. You covered all the bases - except one.  A review of those doggone  instruction manuals! 😡 Thank you.
I like what you're doing and appreciate the work that goes into! no hate but man I hope I'm the only one that gets triggered by the way you read the script. Is this your normal voice? Can you use less ''and'' when explaining results and always using ''and this and this'' ;'' and this and that'' .. . Also the flat tone and quick / high pitch voice makes me want to just mute and jump to the graphs. Sorry for the negative feedback, hope you dont take it wrong ...I do love the content !
Great help! Thank you for taking the time and effort to produce these highly informative videos!
Thank you for all the breakdown. I really appreciate it. These cameras have driven me crazy there’s so much garbage out there but thanks to you now I know what to get. 🙏🏻👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I'm not in the market for a dashcam, but that Viofo looks sweet! Contemplating on purchasing :-D
Been in the market for a dash cam for a while now... with this info... I'm ready to pull the trigger. Thanks, PF!!
The Viofo has other models that accept 2 or even 3 channels
Thank you - I just purchased Coolcrazy (top 3) now. It's on 40% sale and i like big display one for some reason and it's great average score (your). sweet
Do you have a comparrison on mini-splits?  Like how well they cool and heat?
Big thanks for doing this Video Man.  I drive for a living and I've had some very close calls on the road in the past few days.  I used your link and bought the Coolcrazy with a 40 percent off coupon.
Great job
Is there any that isn't made in china?
Viofo is best, but doubles the $$ when u add the 2nd back view camera. Excellent video brother, thanks again.👍
Another great video. Thanks
I loved the side-by-side comparisons. I'd love to see more of that in future videos.
Why is your voice so damn high?
Love the plate.
This was an awesome comparison test. Thanks
8:14 So the Miden will sometimes do the weird orangey color thing, unplug it and plug it back it after it resets the screen & the screen will look normal.
Great review sir. In my search I see there's operational  and long term functionality being affected by the cars interior temperature. Mostly reviews of cans with great numbers but crumble like a dry brownie under temp stress.
You sir are a rockstar.
Imagine seeing a guy driving around with 10 dash cams all at once! 😅
Need a heat test and a suction power test
Great video as Always ! I know Viofo is great the test had to include Xiaomi's 70Mai 800s etc i am not sure if they are available in Us
As always, you are my guide for buying stuff:-) I already bought so many things you advised and you never failed me🙂  I wish you could make a comparison with the 'big' brands battery and corded chainsaws. Makita, Stihl etc... I have to buy one and want to know if it's gonna be cordless or not!
I have a 3 month old Rexing CP duo that is the biggest POS since day 1, and customer service is terrible
Thank you very much! Best comparison test ever!
So one of the dash cam tester with the Viofo got in a crash, and the camera immediately seized and stopped working. He got another one and tried to recreate the issue by lightly tapping the side of the camera with a mallet, and same thing happened again.   This means, anytime you get into a crash, there’s a chance of Viofo stop working. He did the same test to all the other major dash cam brands and they still worked. Just FYI.
Great test. Wife keeps wanting another one but the reviews on Amazon are terrible for most, including the winners here. I guess I'll wait until they are made in America.
Amazing video. Liked and subscribed.
You clearly just picked a few from a single store, and didnt even bother to pick the industry leaders at all price points.. whats even the point of this review when all the best for your buck are missing?  VANTRUE N4 Pro, VIOFO A329, wolfbox x5 and many others I cant remember on top of my head...
Before buying mine, I did research and found that Vantrue is considered the most reliable. It saved me in the past. Why isn't it covered?
No mention of how long the power cords are.
I'm thankful for the video, but please try to speak normally...
I want a rear facing, magnetic one with a wireless connection so I can move from vehicle to vehicle.
How does the Ring Car Cam compare?
Been using my Viofo since 1016 in South and Central Florida, no complains whatsoever. Its the only brand we purchase.
6:47  Three cameras in one device, looks different from the others.
Great testing!!!!  I am glad I went with the Viofo. I have to two, one in both trucks. I did have a failure with the rear camera cable. I ordered another one from Amazon.  I installed it months later, only to find out the cable was not 26 feet as advertised!!! After removal found out it was only 21 feet!!!! So pissed. Measure all your rear camera cable before install. I rear enjoy some of the things I have captured. All in all I am very pleased with both Viofo. Great video . Thank you.
I have a VIOFO and have been very happy with it over the past 4 months. Great review.
Always great content!  Answered all my questions with the video.
I run Viofo on all my cars the 4k front and 2k back. It cost more, but well worth it and better than anything out there. I've caught someone running a red light at night hitting a pedestrian and running away. The police officer was impressed with the footage, and they caught the guy with the license plate.
Thank you so much. I've just bought my first ever brand new vehicle! I've always driven 2nd hand cars. But this one I intend to keep FOREVER as it is a flatback truck :) And I want to keep it as safe as possible with a AFFORDABLE dashcam.
It's really smart to set all 10 dashcamera together and only Drive once to test them.
Awesome work, my dash cam was recently stolen by some meth heads. This info will come in handy while looking for a new one! Thanks!
Can you compare the viofo to nextbase 522
It was a good video, but you need to tone down your voice. It’s very annoying.
Great video thank you but please either let someone else do to talk or change the way you talk. Sorry about it. Thanks again for the video.
Can you test white noise machines ?
I have earlier version of ROVE, Its a trash as often says “your memory card speed is too slow”, when I unplug and plug again, it works but didnt work sometimes too. I think they are indirectly pushing to buy their expensive memory cards. It’s literally a bad trade practice. I strongly suggest not to buy that expensive trash
You should find someone else to narrate your videos. It's like fingernails on a blackboard.
Step 1: Get rid of the supplied SD card and upgrade to a 256GB Class 10 like a SanDisk or Lexar and save yourself a lot of headaches 👍
The viofo for me
These claim 4K video, but then list a 5 megapixel sensor... that math doesn't math. You need at least 8 megapixels to achieve even the lowest resolution that can be considered 4K.
Thanks for this video. It was really helpful.
Might I add that you do another shootout to include Garmin, Vantrue, and Rexing. Also, one major flaw in the cheaper dash cam is actually the use of an internal battery instead of super capacitors. So when it gets really hot/really cold they start to fail.
when a dashcam demands the use of wifi or bluetooth it is automatic trash... if it is china made then it is double trash.....
You should try dash cams that replace the rear view mirror
F1.4 dashcams are the greatest.
Incredible effort, sir. Thank you so much. Ps greetings from Ontario Canada
My brother in law swears by Viofo, I bought one we love it. They do make a kit that comes with a rear camera.
id also like to see the top performers of this test go against other brands like garmin
i doubt any of these are actually 4k sensors, but more like 1080 stretched to 4k. the 1440 beating the hell out of all of them proves it
your voice and delivery are annoying...
Outdoor camera reviews would be awesome
Should have gone up to the 4k Viofo dashcams.
I’m more impressed by the gas price
Did you use the same sd card in eac h of the cameras, in each of the tests?  The quality and read/write speed can make a huge difference.  I you did not, these tests are NWAS.
Excellent work.  Loved your testing.  Very methodical. Basically, don't cheap out and buy one under $100.
Definitely do a video on backup cameras
What I learned from this video and testing my cam after, reading plates is hard even with the best cam. If I'm in a crash, If possible to do so safely, I will try to position my truck so at fault drivers plate is close and in front, so I can point my cam directly at it, and hopefully camera has a second to get a clear pic, in case the driver decides to leave the scene. Maybe even shine a flashlight at it for a moment when I get out of my vehicle. My cam does pretty well when not moving, as long as plate has some light on it, but at highway speeds plates are just a blur.
It is very weird to me that aliens from-outa-space land here just to set up a product review channel, yet here we are.
SOOO much cheap Chinese garbage out there! The names alone show that! So many cookie-cutter copies of the same basic 2007 phone camera sensors. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Absolutely NONE of those tests were "highly subjective"... 😐  𝘔𝘢𝘺𝘣𝘦... 𝘮𝘢𝘺𝘣𝘦.. "slightly subjective" at most
Dang, the dashcam I bought wasn't tested. Hopefully another set is tested down the line.
viofo 114$ I see it at 300$
Guys voice gives me anxiety..
VIOFO A119 Mini 2 is an even better camera with STARVIS 2 Sensor.  And it's also $113 on Amazon atm after a coupon.
Please do more of these. Specifically the kind that mount over a rear view mirror. Every truck in my fleet has a mirror but they aren't functional due to equipment we carry. Please and thank you, great as always.
Do any of these cameras offer a Sentry Mode similar to Tesla's cameras that will record when it detects someone hear the car?
I'm looking for a dash-cam and the timing is perfect (!) -- yes I'm slow keeping up.  But curious thing -- it looks like 1.8 million 'Project Farm followers' are thinking "dash-cam-time" as well -- something in the air?  (If you can handle feedback), I'm also looking at the operating manuals online.  Some designs go for "ease of use" w/ less whiz-bang features.  Some w/ "batman-utility-belt" multi-everything.  I'm thinking a dash-cam w/ complexity suiting the buyer would make for more happy driving.  Thanks!
Great video with so much E information for the first time ever I think there add an ad in one of your videos!
The high pitch voice is beyond annoying despite the quality of the content
viofo? miofive? nextbase? 70mai? thinkware? blackvue? any actually good dashcams?
Please do a video on bodyworn/pen/hidden cameras! Some of us have crazy neighbors
Been waiting on this one! Thank you so much.
Love your vids, great public service you're providing!   I am really surprised that Blackvue, Garmin, and Thinkware, three of the most popular dashcams made (at least for those serious about dashcams), weren't included. Id also like to see how the popular electronics brands perform against those - Alpine, Kenwood, Escort, Cobra, etc.
Wow ! That was really hard TO LISTEN TO. Maybe you could get someone else TO READ THAT I wanted to watch this but COULDN'T LISTEN ANYMORE  Thanks for the effort but maybeUSE CLOSED CAPTIONING
Basically, anything would be better than nothing
I've had a vantrue n4 or something for a few years, it was 200, but it's a steal compared to not having a dashcam and being out $3k+ because some ahole decided to run a stop sign and total your vehicle. It has a front facing camera, interior facing camera, and rear facing camera. Fight accidents that aren't your fault and tickets.  I bought it because someone ran a stop sign, totaled my truck, and their insurance company wouldn't pay out because they said they couldn't prove who was at fault.  A dash cam is a great, but remember that if you ever get into an accident, make sure to call the cops so that you have a accident report to prove who was at fault.
Great video. I'm only unhappy that mine, Anker Roav didn't get tested. Its seems to be slightly lower than the Coolcrazy one though.
The best detailed video I’ve seen
30 feet per second, or forget it.  Sorry - this "great' camera test fails to address cam SPEED !!!  if cars go by quick, and they're running slower than 30 (some now go to 60) feet per second, they are absolutely useless.  BTW - LOVE Black Vue, but their compact size makes 'em over heat
all are made on China purchased by Americans😂😂😂
No Thinkware? My wife has the REDTIGER and it’s been pretty good.
Thank you. Your video confirms research :)
All I want is a basic dash cam without GPS or anything else.
Thank you very much
Made in china, made in china, made in china, 🤢🤮
Whitch camera are the best !??????
I am waiting to hear MADE IN USA!
Ol' kingslim died so you were the first person we thought of when we are lookin for new products stay honest! love this channel!
$65.00 is okay for me! It’s a deterrent, but it’s good to have in case of accidents you have proof. I also like the century mode anyone who walks in front of my vehicle at night time it turns on plus night vision.
What a very good review. Will be looking for the viofo
I don't even drive and watched the whole thing. It's just some cool research, ya know?
bruh no xiaomi?
Criminy.  Please change back to boxers. Your briefs are way too small.
F*ck, my ears 😢
I use a VIOFO A229 dual-channel dashcam. I've been very pleased with its performance. Even more pleased now, seeing the competition. Thanks for testing!
I'm from Australia and I've never heard of any of these
It'd be fantastic if GoPro would make a dashcam.
Do the people in the red house think that you are crazy?
How about Vantrue?
My biggest complain about dashcams is that they don't last in the hot Southern California sun. Most fail after a few months.
This guy does the best product reviews on YouTube, period.
have had the same viofo cam for years in the heat of southeast asia, the viofo uses capacitors not batteries, a better option for high heat areas
And the fill in the blank is made in China ...
Thankyou, Todd,  for all the work that went into this learning video- I shall use the info for my next possible Dash Cam purchase----- BUT, I am interested in purchasing a Personal full 4K BODY Camera with audio..... Could you look into the subject of BODY CAMS  in functionality and pricing variations for value.......Think many others would be interested as well.....Thanks
I just picked up a second Rove as it was on sale + had a $30 clip coupon on Amazon.  It came out to $90.  It is definitely a solid choice in my opinion, and the phone app works really well with it.
Great video! I've had a Cobra camera for about a year, but I've never installed it. Maybe I'll do that tomorrow...
How much higher can your voice go?  I have viofo 4K and its amazing
Al of them are terrible and claim things they don't do.
Thank you thank you thank you for putting in this effort to review all of these.
THANK YOU FOR THIS VIDEO
Most dash cams fail to be usable as dash cams...
Great video.  IF you ever do a part 2 for dashcams as there are a ton out in the market, please include the Fanttik brand as it seems to be a popular choice.  Thanks!
At the start, I also assumed that the results would be the same. You know, "Russian parts, American parts, all made in Taiwan". This was very informative and well done. On a side note... I  liked the tag on the vehicle.
I would have liked to have seen Vantrue in this lineup but it’s still a great video nonetheless
Truly amazing content and thank you so much for your time and effort in producing the invaluable information for us. Keep up the great work and looking forward to your next post.
Ditch all these cheap cams. Trust me, just pony up and get a Garmin. Best dash cam I've ever owned
While the testing in this video is very thorough, I do think there are some problems that either can't be addressed in a fair way or could have been done better. The clearest example is the position of the cameras on the windshield. Since most cameras are supposed to be positioned at the top of the windshield, its logical to line them up horizontally. However, this also presents issues, especially when most of the reference points are on the right side of the test vehicle. Since the brands were lined up left to right, it gave the cameras on the right side of the vehicle an advantage, even if it is a very minor one. Due to this, I feel it is a possibility some scores could have been different depending on position of the camera. Again though, it's a minor issue that seems very hard if not impossible to fully address.
The Viofo either has 1440 @ 60fps or 1440 @ 30PFS with HDR enables. It'd be nice to know the settings he used. If it's the same as what's on the screen it looks like HDR might be enabled @30 fps. Any chance you could comfirm that setting @projectfarm ?
I've had a couple of Viofo's and they work fairly well when new. About every 3 years though, it becomes impossible to get into the setup menu, so even though the speed is recorded accurately (with the GPS base), the date and time are off. Eventually you just have to get a new one. Also if you live in a hot sunny area, the plastic housing softens a bit and where it clips on and gets loose. Audible rattling. Dashcams are a must have IMO, for proof after a crash that it wasn't your fault - not so much for the cops, but for the insurance companies.
Every time I buy a new product, it seems Project Farm does a video about it a few months later.  I blame you for my impulse buying regret :)
I have a three camera redtiger I bought for around $145 on Amazon and I love it
During the road signs test,it sounds like he's calling a horse race 😂.
Very Informative.  Thanks so much for your hard work which I am sure is beneficial to many!
I would like to see raider detecters
Had redtiger and melted in the summer heat and the wifi sucked don't recommend
I always figured reliability was way more important than image quality in a dash cam. A sharp, high res video is *nice,* but really I just want enough to prove that I wasn't the one at fault when something dumb or fraudulent happens.
If you do this sort of test again, might you consider a control of sorts for each test?  Could you, for instance, slap a phone camera into the car and run each test?
I been super impressed with wolfbox products I have bought a bunch of there products Looks like the dash cam is doing pretty well. That Viofo is doing super well also 12:06 @Project Farm
The dash cams i been using in 4 vehicles for the last 2 years that have done a great job and havent over heated in arizona summers are the. YADA Roadcam AI PLUS, AI-Powered 4K Dash Cam with 1080p Rear Cam, Full-Coverage Driver. I bought all of mine at Walmart 10:59 @Project Farm
Muchas gracias por compartir 😁!
With comparison like these I would love to see just a couple of well-known brands in there too. BlackVue for example is very popular and Garmin appears to be as well. I think it provides a good reference to compare models people may find in shops or if they are more comfortable with known brands that have verified specifications. Great comparison though and looking forward to the next one
much needed video , and your the best man for the job
I could only imaging what your setup looked like and what everyone who drove by thought!  Thanks for the testing!
Would have loved to see cameras like the VIOFO compared to more established dash-cam brands like Blackvue.
Viofo is pretty much the standard.  The camera tested here is their cheapest one.  If you have the extra money, go for something in their 200 lines.  About double the price but with 4k/8MP cameras and other features like wifi.  Their 300 lines are over expensive though, really good but not worth the nearly double increase of the 200s.
Great as usual !
70mai brand is note on the list tested?
Amazing...overachiever
Love your videos. I find them very informative! Thanks for all you hard work to help guys like me make better buying choices.
Well done video my friend. Thanks for the attention to detail and the diligence in consistency across the test
Is there any high quality, sepearate, rear facing camera that can compare to the volfo if bought?
My wife was hit by a drunk/drugged driver at 9 at night coming home.  Her dash cam captured it all, a vehicle traveling in the same direction on the highway, swerving wildly across multiple lanes.  When it was 3 lanes over, my wife thought it was safe (dumb, I told her to always stay BEHIND impaired/crazy drivers) as soon as she's parallel with him he carenes over 3 lanes and perfectly pits her at 65 miles an hour.  Right into a cement barrier and then she was hit head on by another car 2 minutes later as she sat in the slow lane facing oncoming traffic.  All on dash cam video.  She lived.  She's actually fine now.  That being said, she could easily have been dead.  When she called me, that's exactly what she said, "I'm dead, I was in a car accident. there's blood.  I don't know where I am".    No camera, not hers that night, or any camera, is going to get a license plate in the dark.  Especially 100 feet back.  Keep that in mind.  They're good to have for insurance to prove no-fault, but that's about it.  No, they never caught the person that hit my wife.  There could have easily been a murderer walking free, and they probably wouldn't even know.  Sorry to ramble this out, but when I saw the intro scene, facing west into the sunset, I'm like oh, big letters in the daylight.  I studied my video for hours.  The worst part was, it looked like a dealer tag was on the car that hit us, so you've got that too.  I am in no way throwing fault at the testing here, Project Farm is looking at the best clarity for the money, I'm just pointing out what a dash cam can/cannot do reasonably.  We have the Wolf box G840S.
👍
As others have said, thanks for your hard work and showing tables and results. I often skip to the table and then play the video to make sure you get a view. Or seek to specific models I'm interested in.
hi great video as always . but what about blackvue what about thinkware?
Really good job here.  There's a lot of other budget friendly options out there.  I've got a 30$ camera that does almost as good as the viofo ...i forgot the name though.
What I would like to see tested is how well the "sentry mode" works on these cameras. Had one dash cam that would kick on every 45 seconds for no apparent reason.
which viofo did u use
I wish I could have seen more reputable brands on this comparison. I had a viofo for a while, replaced it with a thinkware FA200. the thinkware seems equal in quality, but the viofo kept killing SD cards, but I haven't had a single problem with the thinkware in several years of use
I purchased a Viofo, many years ago, and have been amazed at the quality! The amount of prep and editing, had to me migraine inducing, to say the least, LOL! But then again, that's why you're my favorite channel for tests like this!
VIOFO FTW!
Had the viofo front and rear cams and would recommend
I have an older Viofo and Love it, glad to see the newer ones are still top performers.
Was there a reason why Thinkware was not included in this test. Would a great follow-up since they claim to be a leading brand in the dash cam industry. Ideally, it should be thinkware vs the top three from this video.
at the end of the day doesnt matter if its 1080p, 2K or 4K. If the sensor or encoding settings are subpar its gonna suck no matter the resolution
Thank you for your excellent review. I’m ordering two right now.
What cars have a cigarette lighter in them still?
Customer comments about the VIOFO were not all good.  Complaints about directions and difficulties in realizing the options offered with it were troubling.
Would you be interested in doing a video on night vision goggles? I'd love to see that. Maybe even toss in some vintage models to compare to new tech. There's tons of different features to test too like video recording quality, low light performance, daytime performance,  ect. Just a thought I had....
We need a bandaid test. The plastic one you put on your thumb is the last one i would reach for, but maybe its better?  I have absolutely no clue how you would test it. Adhesion dry and wet. Removal pain. Water resistance. Absobancy of the pad. Might be a starting point lol
Where is 70mai and Xiaomi???????
Great review!
Nice job!  Thank you for all the work.
Great video as always, hopefully you can do a follow up video and include some additional brands like Vantrue.
Thank you for not being an AI voice. Thank you for having a criteria for review. Thank you for showing dashcam results.  Thank you for a real review.
Lay off the cocaine and chill out a sec. Couldnt get halfway though before i had to stop. this isnt a late night infomercial.
We have 5  Viofo cameras and have had  three incidents where we needed to share the footage with law enforcement. The most recent incident was where my son was run off the road by a hit and run driver. Well that case is now in litigation because the Viofo saved us by capturing the other drivers license plate. The other driver has no insurance. Well win this case and my sons medical bliss will be covered. We’re Viofo for life. Excellent cameras. Highly recommended.
I have two comparison ideas. Alpaca socks and micro ratchets. Obviously not comparing the two lol.
Tariff’s are great the vast majority of everything is made in China!  All of these cameras made in China!!! Kills jobs for Americans! China puts out JUNK, TARIFFS!   we NEED TARIFF’S to create AMERICAN MADE PRODUCTS AND jOBS!
Nothing gives me more of a warm and fuzzy as when Project Farm reviews confirm a product I already purchased is the best. I bought the Viofo last year, but haven't installed it yet. This gives me the kick in the butt to do it this weekend. Thanks again for all you do!
Why no Garmin X310 and HIKVISION?
All these dash cam are using 10 year old technology and his voice 😳
Absolutely Love your in depth video's ❤ watching here in UK 🙂👌
This was like watching a horse race!
Thanks for the time and effort put into bringing us this information! I'm upset that the Viofo is only 1 channel. Would love a rear cam as well. Maybe its worth an extra $100 for a rear cam that performas just as well as the front cam.
One of the reasons that the V119 does well is that it uses a Sony STARVIS image sensor, which is specifically designed for this type of application.
Thank you for the very good report. In my opinion, the best dash cam currently is the Viofo 329 pro
I will say that it would have been nice if you'd gone with some higher end units. There are some out there that easily reach above the $200 mark. GoPro cameras are also sometimes used as dashcams due to their quality.
Hi,  How are you doing today? I am doing pretty good myself.  I love all the great work and the great information that you have provided us.  I would like to have you try testing: socket extensions  to find out what manufacture is the best.   I hope that you and your family take care until next time.
Great Job thank you for all the testing you do.  I really appreciate it.
Watchable only if you mute the volume.
did you do solar portable power station comparation?  it is becoming very popular now
Content I was waiting for. Thank you very much for your hard work!
Nice.
Wow another great review! I would have knocked out 2-3 of the mid tiers and gone with a couple over 120. The lack of brand name products is unfortunate. Always like to see a mix of brand name and the random winwoo and deedong products.
Will you do a video on go pro cameras?
I’ve had the REDTIGER camera, with an external back camera,  for about six months now. Excellent customer service, installation is straightforward, easy to operate. However, the WIFI interface with the red tiger app can be finicky at times. But it would not determine me from  purchasing another unit for a different vehicle.
That's for the review. Unfortunately, I would not buy any of them
Love the content, unbiased, straightforward, amazing! Keep it up! U deserve the likes and subs
Just looked at your car diagnostic video. I appreciate that you go straight to giving the information and the facts on all those products. Thank you! ✌🏿
Wish i saw a video like this 2 years ago. I bought a mivue 955wd dash cam set. Front cam is 4k, back cam is 2.5k. So far its nice but i really would love a definitive and detailed video comparison between products beforehand. Thanks for your dedication to your wonderful channel. Love your work❤
Ive had the Viofo for a few years and it hasn't let me down! Used it once for a near accident and the quality was good enough
To do a truly fair comparison test, I think you need to have a wreck using each camera, then compare the ticket amounts. 😂
I wish you had put a few Korean brands in there. I don't buy Chinese products. But I understand that would have made your expenses go up and taken more time and work. Appreciate you for all that you do!
Best reviewer I’ve seen thank you
As always, the best youtube channel! Test out binoculars next?
The voice made me leave in discust
For the next round please include the Cobra 400D!
Someone told me he thinks you're an alien; okay, it's ME! I think you will be well-received back to Our Heavenly MAKER someday. Til then, glad to have you here with us, Brother Todd! GOD Bless! ✝️🙏🏾🎯🤍👍🏾
I feel like if I spent one afternoon with you'd I'd learn enough to write a BOOK! You, my friend, Todd, could run for president!
Great review as always
Thanks!
Important to note: RedTiger is good at being a camera, but dash cam functionality is putrid. It does not do what you would want from a dash cam. It often deletes recordings or does not record the most needed moments. It will ALWAYS delete the last few files when you access the videos on the app. It requires regular troubleshooting for issues.
Would love to see another of these with more cameras. I use Rexing VIP Pro and MAX for my channel and vehicles. For my office, I have purchased some of the higher-end cameras for our vehicles to use when involved in accidents because clarity is key.
Nice vid. Fun fact: VIOFO have higher grade microchip than the rest of those, competition difference is in software. Cheer :)
I do like your videos but you compared a top quality dashcam Viofo to lower budget cams instead of similiar priced dashcams
I love my rove 4k
Viofo is the best of the best
mini usb in 2025 is beyond criminal
WHY ARE YOU YELLING???? Love your videos, and understand it's A LOT of work, I thank you A LOT for that! But I really hate the yelling, mate.
Looks like the VIOFO A119 Mini 2 is even better. The a119 v3 doesn't ship to my country so when I went to the brand's main page on amazon I noticed the A119 mini 2 which is listed for only 25 bucks more than the v3 and has a starvis 2 imx675 sensor instead which, from what i saw in a comparison video of the 2 sensors, outperforms the imx335.
I'd like to see you review FR clothing. Big market there
Do an oil additive test with ProLube!!!! We want to see unbiased results from the king of reviews!
Why did you review the cheapest dashcams? Of course dash cams under $100 are going to be 💩. Review dashcams starting at $100 and go up from there.
Or the best coil cleaner aka no rinse formula aka free, it cleans it self there's different brands
Sad to not see any Garmin dash cams being tested. That’s the only dash cam I will use.
Great video using real-world comparisons for many dash cam offerings!!!  Now, how about a video for a handful of rearview mirror mounted cams?  Or pressure washers over 3200 psi; or (dare i say) plastic garage floor tiles vs. porcelain tile in the garage?  Love the seriously awesome channel and the test methodology you apply for all the different comparos!
I just skimmed through this, can somebody tell me why the Wolfbox didn't rank higher in the end? I saw one point in the middle where it beat the Viofo...
Dude why are you shouting?
It’s insane how every dashcam video doesn’t include, what I think to be, one of the top brands of dashcams, nexar.
Most.annoying.voice.ever
16:09  when did you shoot this video?? $2.69⁉️⁉️ a gallon ⁉️⁉️🤦🏻‍♂️ I can’t believe how cheap that gas was! 🥹🖖🏼🇺🇸
turn down your mic gain please !
wow awesome video
Wished u did this comparison before black Friday shopping 😭 I got Rove a few months ago but couldn’t find a good comparison video like this. Not the worse at least but wished I was more informed. Great video and tests!
I’ve been looking to but at more mainstream brands like Vantrue, Garmin and Escort to name a few.  Seems these are all low end Amazon/Temu specials.
Jeeeez, commentary is awful.  Talk like an annoying robot
What are you on?
I believe i have owned the VIOFO dachcam for around 7 years now, still working with no issues. Pretty impressive for a cheap camera
I expected vantrue Zedge etc
Rove is awesome too.  But this channel is more awesome.
I would never expect something with a brandname like COOLCRAZY to perform top-3 in a Project Farm review, put aside to even exist.
LTT did a great video about dash cams some time ago, and the Viofo A119 V3 was their clear winner as well, and got a good recommendation from them
Viofo or nothing....
Thank you so much PF for making a video on dash cams. I’ve been looking into these for years but haven’t came across a reviewer that goes into detail as much you as you do. I’m glad I can always count on your amazing reviews! Definitely ordering the Viofo!
I definitely recommend the VantruN2 pro...yes it's a bit expensive at 259.00...with gps...but you definitely get what you pay for
Great job on comparing all. I hav watched Blackbox  My Car dash cam review. This  cam the Viofo has been the top pick for awhile for the price. They hav many updated models of this camera
bla bla bla nothing more
For a dash cam, you should pay attention to the FPS if you want to read fleeing car’s license plate. Do not accept anything less than 60 FPS. I would pick 1080p @ 60 FPS over 4K @ 30 FPS.
Dude honestly, i’m sorry i couldn’t get past your squeaky voice…
My eyes just didn't agree with yours...  worth another look.  It's during the tough twilight and night time conditions  you're most likely to get smacked.  Hit and run demands plate reading capablity.   Cheap cam is useless. I'd put the cool at the top.  Quite interesting. I wonder what the next tier up has got ?
excellllent as always
I put VIOFO camera's in all of my family's vehicles. They outperform dash cams twice as expensive and they can survive cold New England winters.
all of those tested are junk
Great video!!! TY!!!
Damn what an annoying voice.
Great video would like to see you do one on sun shades for the windshield some time and find one that works the best
Yeah, no reason to spend big when a viofo works great.
A119 has been in my car since I purchased it in 2017. It is fantastic, capacitors are better than battery. Where I live we get 38 degrees celsius summers and -35 degrees celsius winters. This dashcam has never failed me.
I think is it so funny that companies try to make crappy cash grab products that are horrible,  whereas an actual proper company's product works as advertised. both products are around the same price.
One of the big considerations is also durability. Living in a hotter climate causes failure in the OS. I have gone through several cameras (even pretty high-end) that have failed within a few months due to the heat. I would love to see more of a remote mount camera (cameras are stragitically placed while the "Brain" is located somewhere out of the direct sunlite)
The coolcrazy link doesnt work
Viofo now has the A229 and A329 both which have dual or tri channel options. I run the A229 Pro in my car and the A329 Pro in the wifes car. I can defintely say the A329 performs exceptionally well at night time. Guy did a hit and run and our camera pulled his plate and car info without issues. He was doing close to 80-90mph when he side swipped us on a 40mph road. He then fled the scene on foot so he  has several charges against him. The A229 Pro is great as well just no fun story for its use :). We also use the hardwire kit for the camera so it keeps recording after the car is turned off.
Amazing, I have been wanting a dash cam but was very confused on which brand.   Thanks!!!
I know that doing high end dash cam comparisons could be cost prohibitive, when you are buying all of them with your own money and multi camera systems can be over $500, but is there any chance that you will be doing such a video in the future?  I'm looking to install such a multi camera dash cam system to my truck in the near future, so I've started shopping around and looking for reviews and comparison videos.  Thanks for the content you provide.
i must say i have been looking for a camera to put on mu motorcycle as people seem to try and kill me. the go pros just overheat and shut done so i'm looking for a different brand. maybe check waterproof camera that coult do that.
Ran into this question myself, good choice of content
You are a national treasure.
got to love early in the video, you see Todd's thumb has a tiny cut with blood exposed, then it cuts go the next camera being tested and suddenly he's sporting a band-aid!
Wow this was an amazing review with real test. This channel clearly deserves a follow.
Used your link to buy the Viofo! Hope you get a couple of bucks for your hard work! Thank you!
Straight to the point reviews. Great video!
Would be nice to see how one of the $300+ cameras stacks up against these.
Thank you so much. I had just purchased the viofo but haven’t set it all up yet. This is very satisfying knowing I picked the best.
The viofo you tested is the "119" ,  if you get the "129" it comes with a rear camera. I got the 129 about a year ago and am happy with it.
JUST BUY A FRONT REAL CAMERA, JUST LIKE YOUR BACKUP CAMERA. JUST MAKE SURE THEY CAN TAKE FAR/CLOSE CLEAR PIS, VIDS, RECORD, ON MEMORY. RECORD 360 degree . STOP MESSING WITH THOSE JUNK CAMERAS. 🤔
Project Farm!!!! Thank you for all your videos! There is no other reviewer I trust more than you sir!
This guy is the GOAT period
❤
I closed my eyes and realized you have a future in horse race announcing.... and I'm going to buy a viofo!
for those who dont have time to watch, miden is the worse and vifo is the best <3
I just landed on this channel.... I LOVE IT... Just wished there was a good review like this before I spent hundreds on the Vantrue Nexus 4 pro.... WARNING TO EVERYONE!!  Be careful of amazon and other website algorithms... they give you insanely expensive stuff in early searches, but as you hold off on purchasing and continue to search for a few days or more, you will notice they will give you less and less expensive products.  I have also been told to not shop during business hours, as businesses will pay more for products so prices are higher during business hours and/or typical times of day when people will IMPULSE SHOP.
ive owned a Viofo A129 Duo (has front and rear camera) for a couple years & it's a beast, clear all the time no matter the time of day, Quality Product
It's a shame this seems to be an area where US/UK brands are even more different than tool brands. I'd have loved to see Nextbase and Garmin in your tests.
I have the Viofo and it came with a remote rear cam that connects to  the recording, front cam via USB cable which is included in the kit. I love it's features and quality. This dashcam was recommended by Scotty Kilmer, a retired master mechanic that runs a podcast on YouTube. I'm a subscriber to his channel.
Best value added channel on the internet for the average guy consumer. A one man consumer reports.
What are these brands? Never heard of any of them.
wow coolcrazy n8 is sold out everywhere :)
You forget to include Vantrue
Review 3D printers
I bought one a couple of weeks ago, but I have not installed it yet. I went out to the other room to get it to see what brand it was. Just as I picked it up, you said the name of it. It's the Red Tiger. LOL  You definitely checked every different driving condition for comparison. 👍🏻   I only paid $54.54 for mine. It's also the F9 dual dash cam.  F9 is usually the rockets I hear launching out here at Vandenberg Space Force.  LOL
Wolf box is what I'm running
I need the dash camera on those russian crash videos
i am happy with my VIOFO 119 V3, yes there is the 129 out and others, but this one still does the job real good
I have the REDTIGER in both of my cars . And the thinkware in the old one
Dude I commented asking for this like a year ago and you responded to me, I know I’m not the only person to ask. But to see you follow through, respect sir. Good video love your channel
Viofo's A129 Pro is hands down my favorite dash cam of all time.  Ton's of features, CLEAR 4k video and photo at day and night.  They also have an anti-glare lens cover you can get.  So it's not shocker to me that the Viofo A119 out performed all of the others in your video.  If you buy the A129 Pro Duo kit it comes with a rear 1080p camera that is just as clear, just less resolution.
Talk too fast so finally I don't know which one is good. Only you know I am right?
Omg perfect timing to watch your video. My cobra sc200D just failed, all buttons unresponsive and unfixable. Time for a new one.  Thank for your reviews
VIOFO A229 Plus and Pro are with the Sony Starvis 2 sensors. They are front + rear + inside (3 camera systems) with Front + rear 2k/4k or Front + Rear + inside 2k+1k ability. Have their own polarizer filters and direct connect adapters. The night videos are very clear and polarizer filters eliminate street lamp glare.
Is that all? Isn't there anything else better than these? I see there are $300 ones on Amazon. Please include all of them in next video.
the blatant false advertising from most of these brands is craaaazy
ProjectFarm doing the Lord's work.  Thank you!!  What size microSD card storage do you recommend for avg daily commuter who drives less than 1hr per day?
Oh my GOD this man’s voice is unbearable
Thank you, god bless you
ddpai?
Image quality is important, but what good is it, if when you go to pull video and it's not there. I have 3 roves in my vehicles and have had occasions where the video wasn't there. I think the sd card takes a beating with the heat. For my daughter, I got a ring car camera and since it's cloud based, the video history is always there.
Just subscribed to your Patreon so you can keep doing these fantastic reviews!  I've had the Viofo A129 (4k) for 5 years, still going strong!  Helped me to introduce the local police to a teen who was too busy gabbing with her mother to notice the stoplight 🙂  Would love to hear your opinion on the Garmin Mini 3.
Question:  How hard is it to disable the wifi and GPS functionality of these chinese devices?  For that matter, why the hell does a dashcam need wifi?
Honestly. I'll take one that keeps working in the hear over a 4k
2.69$ for a gal?
Could a Used Go Pro, work?
Outstanding - Now time to test the rear facing cameras.
PLEASE ON MY KNEES, do more DashCam testing.  With the growing number of crashes... ya more tests. THANKS!!!+!
One of the best dash cams you did not test- RING DASHCAM! They work great and are easy to install and operate.
Was waiting for this one. My dash cam is severely out of focus.
Cool crazy has disappeared off the market 😪.
Equation iss model number of the Redtiger
his voice is so fucking annoying
Just when I need it the most. Thanks a lot
You’re so great. I have confidently purchased a few items based on your reviews and satisfaction confirmed. Thank you.
Oncoming traffic probably thought you were pretty paranoid with so many dashcams mounted xD Thank you for making this video, you're really the only one who really combs through products this well!
I’d like to give a shout out to the Chinese guys that are responsible for naming the items they sell…😭 You’re doing a great job! 😆
You can use Tesseract with Python for a more objective way to detect the words.
Like to see you include FIXCAMX in your future review
I've Viofo on my daily, never fail. On my weekend car, i've tried several other brand, nothing come close to Viofo reliability and quality. Now testing Ddpai on my wife car. Capacitor FTW
Reading license plates and signs is a big thing, BUT making it the only thing when comparing cameras is bad. There are a lot of manufacturers that have made it a priority and forced digital sharpening and more or less optimized it for the plates. If you then try to see anything else or just enjoy the scenery, it looks like sh*t.  Nowadays I look for electric lines, poles, trees etc. There will be cartoonish outlines and trees might look like there's snow on them when/where that's impossible. And it's really stupid. You can "enhance" the good looking picture if it needs that, but removing digital sharpening is pretty much impossible.  For few years, many dashcams have had some "intelligent" sharpening that looks like non existent content is hallucinated by an ai. Like a text sign that looks good, but is actually just gibberish.  They should at least have those "enhancements" as an option for the user and/or offer adding them when downloading the file from the camera.
Id buy the viofo if only it was usb c instead of mirco usb
Why no xiaomi dashcams? Hope you make a part 2, some dashcams have newer versions.
I know you want us to watch the whole thing but I am not that interested in the topic.  I would appreciate knowing the overall conclusion easily though.   Your table at the end seemed a bit confusing on that part.  I can always go back for more details if needed.
Did you miss puberty?
This is the most comprehensive evaluation of car dashcams I have ever watched.  Very well done and informative.  I wish more YouTubers can approach the level of quality of this video.
👏👏👏👏👏
try 70mai and ddpai brand. all of these are made in China. 70mai and ddpai are pretty popular in China. I have one of each on my cars and they perform well. 360 brand is good too but they do not sell in the US
Todd,how about a review of sunglasses to see which really filter out harmful rays the best
Im glad you did a review on these. With all the lunatics on the road I've been thinking of getting one of these
That license plate belongs on a DeLorean
Your dash must have looked crazy with them all connected and on at the same time. Your windshield must have looked wild
Get a deshcam that has the sony Starvis 2 Sensor, they have the best image clarity and night performance
Great work as usual. Very impressive! Could you do a review of hydraulic transmission fluids? I'd love to be sure I'm doing right by my old John Deere tractor.
I'm amazed at how much this guy alternates between his chest and head voice. It's not uncommon to hear singers doing that--I'm thinking of young Dan Fogelberg, for instance--but for a speaking voice it's quite unusual.
Can you do a video about the best glasses for Blurry Vision?   Thanks ! Watching from the caribbean
If I am VIOFO or any brand that score well, I will put "endorsed by Project Farm (link)" on my amazon product description to boost sales
Thank you for this in depth review. What are your thoughts on the vantrue camera?
Should have also checked heat resistance
Great video
i have been using a Campark dashcam for years now and it handles Queensland's extreme summer and winter temperatures without any issues, but watching your video gave me an idea to use you test to check it against other brands. keep up the amazing work Todd
My viofo died recently, car was hit by a tornado and all my windows got busted 🥲
I think I just watched a 18 minute video narrated by the green alien from Lilo and Stitch.
Made in China = trash
I like your videos, but please do something about voice modulation.  ;) Slow down and speak with same tone or something. Puleeeze!!  :)
Excellent, thank you
Suggestion? Who makes the best affordable quality TRAIL CAMERAS? Thank You Kind Regards. Great video 👍
I always enjoy your videos and detailed yet practical testing but, oh my god man, the inflections in your voice! Please tone down the audio roller coaster!
Thank you for this! We've been looking for dash cams for a while now but it's difficult to choose without really testing it personally. Love Viofo but I guess nothing is perfect since it doesn't come with a rear camera and memory card but after seeing the test I'll just buy another camera for rear.
I didn’t know I needed this! Thanks whoever suggested! & PF for educating us haha
I’ve gone through a few dash cams over the years. I have 3 cars and 3 different dash cams. BlackVue 650, VIOFO 119, and a Red Tiger 3 channel. Price ranging from $100 to $600. I’d say all three perform about the same for image quality although the BlackVue is 1080p while the VIOFO and Red Tiger are both 4K. Easy of setup goes to Red Tiger, BlackVue was good till an update to the app that made it lose connection. My oldest camera is the BlackVue that’s been going strong since 2017.
You will go down i. History as one of the best youtube channels
Man, your voice either you're way too happy, or you just naturally sound like a helium balloon.
The resolution shouldn't matter as much as many other things like aperture size and CCD size. Burger CCD sensor should make a big difference
dang, was hoping for a review of dash cams we would actually buy... this is all garbage. None the less, love your videos and all the effort you put into these
Dash cams have a problem. In order to get the best road coverage, they use wide angle lenses, which are poor for trying to get license plate numbers. And the only answer I have found is to do what the police departments have done, and installed dedicated telescopic cameras to record license plates.  It takes a special lens to allow the depth of field video needed to record near to far without having to focus the lens and drive. The way to do that is to open the aperture and let the camera AGC handle lighting conditions. A good video camera should have the ability to do fine, day and night with the right setup.  I have also found a rear video camera is important, especially with cops! When I get pulled over I ask what the problem is and they say whatever their story is, and I ask if I should check the video to verify, and they usually say, "Well watch your driving", and give a warning.  Only once did I still get a ticket, and I sent the check in with a copy of the video, and the check was returned with a note saying the ticket was voided.  Another thing, I use a 'rear view camera mirror' type of unit, and it gives me much better rear view, as I have dogs in the back seat that block the view, and the camera is mounted at the back window. It also has a backup feature that lowers the video, so you have better view of the ground as well! They also include GPS, which records location and speed data, which is why I ask if they want to review the camera...
Thanks for this. Based on this and other reviews, I ended up with a Viofo A229 Plus (not Pro).  It's not 4K, but it has front and rear STARVIS 2 Sensors.
1.7millon views. Think you hit a nerve with this one. 😂
I am really sorry for saying this, but for a narrator, the pitch of your voice is so annoying and hurting my ears dude. I know it's not your fault and your work is good but that speedy squeaky high pitch voice ...  I'm so sorry again.
Love the genuine reviews.  Can you please do another review possibly of some more premium rated cameras like Thinkware brands etc.
Oh wow a dash cam video this is awesome!  Thank you!  Dash cams are always so hard to judge because the vast majority just seem horribly bad.  Could you do a CCTV/Cam video too?  Standalone systems are nice if possible, it sucks being tied to cloud based services only and having to pay, and not control your own footage.
Amazing how much work you put into your videos. Thanks a lot. As a suggestion, and being an audio professional myself, I would make a little effort on avoiding high pitch with your narration. I don't mean to  discourage you by making this comment. You are by far one of the best reviewers on YouTube.
Listening to this at 1. 5 speed my boy spitting
Feels like I just listened to a horse race.
I've had dash cams in my vehicles (business & personal) for years. In one instance, a reckless driver tried to stop right in front of me, probably to cause an accident to claim insurance as I was driving a well lettered company truck. Fortunately, nothing happened, but had there been a collision, the video evidence would have solidified my claim of innocence. In another instance, mine was the second vehicle in a four-vehicle collision. I was stopped behind a large SUV. Two vehicles behind me caused a "double-tap" to occur, slamming my mid-size SUV into the rear-end of the larger SUV. The responding office asked three separate times if I caused the wreck, was following too close, was distracted, etc. Each time, I stated that I was fully stopped. I finally showed him the video. After viewing it, he smiled, returned the camera, and stated that I had nothing to worry about (legally). The two drivers behind me were ticketed, fined, etc. I was cleared of any wrongdoing. A ~$150 investment that probably saved me hundreds, if not thousands, in legal fees, increased insurance premiums, etc. Dashcams ... don't leave home without one.
Awesome work, thank you so much!
yup, theyre crazy
Did you take a picture of your vehicle with ALL The dashcams attached? How many did you setup at the same time? I'm hoping you just had an entire window full of them!  Either way, thanks for the great review. Something to keep in mind even with "good" dash cams is how susceptible to temperature they are. Where I live even name brand ones seem to die with regularity due to the heat inside cars.
this is the best of best video i've seen during my whole life!!! please, keep going the good job for us. we need people just like you, in order to demolish fraud world.
Majority of dash cams are made in China but there are a few that are made in Korea. Both Thinkware and Blackvue are made in Korea and they cost more to the ones you've tested. I wished you could've tested them as well.
I have Viofo A119 v2 for almost 5 years now.  This review is pretty much perfect. Another big advantage of Viofo is the super capacitor. No battery. So works very well in hot climates.
Great review.  I recently installed a VIOFO A119 MINI 2 in my daughter's car and my Jeep.  I've been very impressed with them and will probably retire the Garmin Mini in the wife's car for one.  I'll add that the VIOFO app is faster and easier to use than the Garmin app.  Thanks again.
I really appreciate you taking the time to perform these tests, hopefully you are able to keep up the great work Looking forward to more videos and hope you are blessed with health
Do home security cameras next if you haven’t already.
Just bought that Viofo, thank you
ill check out Coolcrazy or Rove r2
I watched enough movies to know the police can enhance the video or image from your dashcam so it doesn't matter if you can't see it all you need is for it to actually record.
Thanks so much for this well-done video. I would love a comparison of dash cams with 360 degree views. I have a stalker sabotaging my tires and need full coverage.
I am ok with a potato as a dash-cam only issue I have is the super-capacitor which dies out in a year and now am stuck with another forgetting cam. Any dashcam that can have the super-capacitor replaceable? Don't want to do parking mode one cause the car battery has died few times even with low battery protection. Yes the dashcam cuts off at low battery just that the car still continues to use that almost dead battery.
Btw I think your suburban needs new shocks/struts lol that thing looks bouncy (and thanks for the video)
SERPENTINE BELT REVIEW
Rexing brand is another popular one that I do not see on this review. I am curious to see how it is performing against others. Can you add it in the videos?
Vantrue N4 Pro dash cam should be on the LIST too
You should pick up more products from Costco to add to your reviews. There’s a dash cam they sell. Jumper packs too. They don’t stock everything or that much variety but they usually have good buyers.
I’m throwing away my pruveeo after this shit
When a dash cam advertises "4K" video, it's important to understand that "4K" can refer to actual 4K resolution (3840x2160) or a lower resolution with interpolation, which artificially increases the pixel count to appear like 4K. Dash cams that use interpolation might not capture the same level of detail as a true 4K camera.    True 4K (Ultra HD): A true 4K dash cam records video at a resolution of 3840x2160 pixels, offering a high level of detail and sharpness.  Interpolated 4K: Some dash cams claim 4K resolution but achieve this by using a lower resolution sensor and then using software to artificially increase the pixel count, which can result in a less detailed image than a true 4K dash cam.
I'm on my second redtiger (I bought before this video) and they shut off randomly, and are nearly impossible to save videos from.
I think a round 2 is in short order! I would like to see expensive cameras compared (like the VIOFO A329) and big name brands like Garmin (the mini 3).
I would love to see a subjective opinion of the ease of saving videos from these.
These are all cheapo brands. Compare the name brands i.e., Garmin etc..
Gotta get back in time! 🎶🎶🎶 Excellent license plate 😁👍👍💪
i have a Viofo with 3 cameras....so im not sure where you were searching for cameras... but thanks for confirming my purchase
Todd!  Your reviews set the standard for ALL reviews! Your left thumb ok? Perhaps you should test adhesive bandages as the one on your knuckle isn’t looking so good?!
A range finder will help you dial 🤙
WHERE THE HELL DID YOU FILM THIS 2.69 for gas is crazy here still
Its nice to see ProjectFarm confirming my own research from a few of years ago! In 2022 or 2021 I installed a Viofo 3 channel dash-camera in my brother's car. After trying almost all the brands on Amazon, Viofo provided the only videos where I could actually read the street signs and or license plate numbers - I thought I was crazy but this video confirms my findings that most dash-cam brands on Amazon are pure junk! BTW Viofo customer service is also very helpful, they sent us a replacement backwards facing camera after a year and a half (it stopped working for some reason). It only took a couple of emails and providing my Amazon receipt, very quick and friendly service! They even provided a new long USB cable (in case it was the culprit).
$120.00 US as the top price for any dash cam seems cheap.  CDN prices are in this range also but they can hit $400+. How about a review of the high end ones?
thank you!
Good Job.👍👌✌
Thank you so much for this video! I have been struggling trying to decide on a brand to buy for my overland rig and this was immensely helpful.
Awesome video. Maybe next time, you can do one with the dash camera that records your speed to see how accurate it is with your speed odometer
Have you thought about USA made wrench showdown?
Thanks!
Viofo = the way to go. Everyone in my family has one and they're rock solid so long as you get a good SD card and a hardwire kit for power.
Great factual review, full of content with no time wasting fluff. Thanks
What kind of cameras do cop cars use? I’m sure they are pretty good.
Very informative video. Extremely exhausting voice.
I bought the rover r2 4k dual off Amazon I like it so much better than the cobra I bought from Best Buy.
Another amazing video!  Fantastic editing!  Thank for another great comparison!
Damn... thanks for taking the time to do all these tests!!!
i cant imagine you driving around with 11 cameras across your dash LMAO. Im probably going to buy a couple Arifayz since i have 6 vehicles, i dont really want to spend $600. Ill use some for some street racing content too.
Excellent review! As always :)
It occurred to me while watching this video:  --- A LOT of work went into it. __ I've never heard of most of those brands, other than Viofo. I think a better comparison might have been between dash cams of comparable prices.
I got the Tiger dash cam a couple of years ago for my wife's car, and it’s been holding up great, even in the Texas heat. Recently, it really came through for us when we got into a car accident at night. The footage ended up being the key factor in the insurance company and police ruling in our favor after my wife's car was totaled. The camera records in 4K at night and also tracks speed, location, and time—super useful in situations like this. I also added an ND filter to cut down on windshield glare, which makes the videos even clearer.
What this tells me is China has the market for dashcams. Wish a made in America dashcam would be available
VIOFO does actually offer options with a rear camera. In fact, most of their cameras have a plug on the side so you can add a second camera later if you want. I've had both a front and front/rear setup and both were great.
I cannot friggin wait until project farm finds the best rear caliper tool (twist in)
I bought a 3-channel Viofo 139 a couple years ago based on LTT's roundup and mention of the Starvis sensor. Not sure if it's a settings issue, but on max quality, my videos have a slight grain to them. Even still, I'm very pleased, and it looks like they've kept up their quality. My wife's new car needs a camera...
Thank you for doing all the grunt work. I have two cheapie Amazon Chinese cameras in two of my vehicles, am in need of a third. Lots of review research, but couldn't find one that clinched the deal. I hope the red tiger I just ordered will rewrite over the SD card when it's full. That's my biggest gripe with my cheapies. I never know when it's full and have to reformat the SD card unless I see the tiny blue light is no longer flashing. Love the work you do for all of us!
Awesome video and comparison between all cams! Thanks for the hard work. My only con is... dam your voice tone fluctuations were just killin me man. A little less on that would be great. No offense and not looking to insult you.
Great video, awesome info and to the point
Have you done a review on best cellular security cameras ? Would like to see that!!
Hmm... great job! Now do ~100$(USD) stereo amplifiers (like Douk Audio, Schiit, SMSL, Fosi Audio, etc.), please! I'm curious about your awesome treatment of these things.
They greatest part of this is the 'they claim'. LOL
It should be a crime to use USB MINI sockets on anything now 🤮 A lot of the 4k camera items from china don't use 4k sensors but do output 4k videos. Theres a yt channel where he uses a microscope to look at the sensors silicon, its pretty cool.
Great review, HORRIBLE voice to have holy
I'm more shocked at your gasoline price of $2.69, here in corrupt California we are paying $4.99.
Can definitely recommend Viofo.  I got an A139 after looking at Techmoan's review a few years ago and I've been really happy with it.  It's 4K (with a 1080p rear camera) and I used their hardwiring kit which records a 1440p 3fps video while you are parked.  With a fully charged car battery it records for about four days before cutting off (which still leaves enough power in the battery to start the engine without any problems).  While there are some compression artefacts in the video, it's still excellent quality.  The only drawback (which is common to most dash cameras) is that the dashboard reflects off the windscreen and causes a dashboard-shaped overlay to appear over the video depending on which way the sun is facing.  If the lens could be placed closer to the glass this would be less of an issue but I think it's difficult to avoid unless the camera goes on the outside of the vehicle.  I also had to buy a Sandisk "Industrial" SD card (as insisted on in the manual) because it gets so hot that normal SD cards shut down and stop saving video.  But once I switched to the industrial card there was no longer any issues with recording.  It has certainly sold  me on Viofo cameras as far as image quality is concerned.  They are more expensive than others but you do get a significantly better quality product for it.
Buy once, cry once.  Been using the VIOFO A129 Pro DUO 4K + 1080P rear;  Think of your dash cam as Insurance that you buy once and continue to use till it needs to be replaced.  The VIOFO's do have good quality and with any 4K camera, if it's wider angle, you NEED that 4K in order to get details, especially when the field of view is wide like 140 degrees, or more.  For some VIOFO models, there are circular polarizers that help with looking out of modern vehicles;  it also helps if your dash is shiny to get a DARK ( read this as BLACK ) carpeted dash cover to cut down on glare which also improves video quality .  I had a gray dash carpeted dash cover and well, might as well put a mirror on the dash or a big sheet of white paper ;  it reflects back poorly.  My point here is- it's NOT just the dash cam as you should also consider anything that can reflect INTO the dash cam as well, like your dash itself..    Been totally happy with the VIOFO as a dash camera.   Always get a wide field of view for the front and rear ; and never skimp out and get JUST a front facing dash cam;  Getting rear ended is a very common thing;  I think over the past 40 years, I've been rear ended like 8 or 9 times, hit from the side once,  and hit something in the front like twice, the last time being a deer.  I am considering replacing the entire system because, well, 2.5K rear mounted cameras are now available..   Road raging idiots are the #1 reason to have a dash cam nowadays, along with, the propensity to get rear ended by inattentive drivers.
🐐
Viofo is the dashcam of choice for both Project Farm and Techmoan. That's about as good a recommendation as you can get.
Outstanding test! Thank you mate!!! 🤙😁
what an incredible product review video
i have an AZDOME 5K M580 and its really good camera quality
I didnt know i needed this video til you made it
Blackvue????
Thank you for this review! I'm in the market for a dashcam and this info is priceless
I don't think this is a completely fair comparison when price is part of it. The viofo is best performing here but it's only single camera. The 3 channel version of it is about $390 (without sale)  I have the Wolfbox i07 eventhough it's not great It gives me 3 channel just a little over $100.
Isso é uma boa análise de tecnologia, que trabalho maravilhoso.
I've been wanting to buy one for a while. I will trust your word blindly sir.
hands down you are the best in everything you do, thank you for your hard work
perfect timing, i'm looking for a dash cam lol.
I prefer blackvue dash cam x750-x900 although new versions thanks for your video
I paid $250 for a dual dashcam setup, and it paid for itself when someone rear ended me and ran. Dash cam caught them and I didn't have to pay my $500 insurance deductible. Also it caused enough damage for them to get felony hit and run charges.
I have the Vantrue N4 Pro 3 Channel 4K WiFi Dash Cam and it blows all those cameras away.
I got the Viofo front and rear over 3 yrs ago, a model that's no longer sold. It has exceeded my expectations. I knew it would be the winner
How about Air purifiers? I’d like to see a video on that!
I find your lack of a VanTrue, disturbing.
Thank you for the information, as always! Project Farm has the best comparisons on the Web!  However, I find it odd that many of these dash cams performed MUCH worse than many published hobby projects, and ALL of these pale in comparison to basic IR cam projects .  48 hours of TRUE H265 or AV1 4K, DSP driven IR, and (basic 3x) Lidar range recording starts at about $160 worth of parts.  If you have access to PCBWay's shipping, then you can complete this project for under $200.  WAY better than anything pre-built, if you have fundamental electronics knowledge.  I only bring this up, because these prebuilt devices seems like a complete rip-off for the money.  Over half the devices you reviewed were figuratively useless as dash cams, and one would likely be better off with nothing instead.  Thanks for validating the community projects.   Just goes to show how far ahead the hobbyists/enthusiasts actually are, compared to the consumer industry.  👍
Does the Viofo come with an SD CARD? If not, what is recommended?
I wonder how many gatorades he goes through when recording the voice over for these videos.
Great information but STOP YELLING!! It gets annoying and makes me want to stop listening to you.
I have been using VIOFO cameras since 2017. I always get the next upgrades. I still have my original one from 2017. Still recording and still does a phenonmenal job.
What is the best dash cam with no gps or wifi and no app?
Why not test popular models like BlackVue and 70mai? :-)
The rove has some pretty strong and obvious digital sharpening artifacts. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but it shows that it's sensor isn't probably any better than the similar ones, they just do a little bit of digital processing. Sharpening in post will usually make text slightly more readable anyways.   The viofo also looks sharpened, but much less. Given the clarity I'd say it shows a clearly better sensor, but I'm no expert.
Suggestion: test high dollar dash cams vs the Viofo. Would love to see if the expensive ones are worth it.  Thank you for what you do on this channel!
I wouldn’t recommend Pruveeo. I had one of their smaller cams and when i had an accident the camera failed. It worked fine until i really needed it. Just wrote a few corrupt files to the card. Useless
I refuse to drive with out a dash cam! Last September, I was driving on the highway behind a tow truck and the bumper flew off the car being towed and hit my vehicle. It did $6,500 worth of damage. My insurance company is suing the tow truck company, they wouldn’t be able to without the footage! I have a Viofo A229 plus front and rear, highly recommend!
Appreciate the video, but wish you had included the Vantrue cams
*_Can you test out the 360 dash cams?! Theres some that also stay on overnight thay can run without the car being on._*
Viofo in Chadwick signboard scored 2, not 3. There was mistake in summary input for Viofo. Great comparison, thank you.
Awesome Content as Always! Love the Back to The Future License Plate
Thank you for the review. you are a MVP  My only issue is that the price do not match 10 days later. It cost me 300 euro to buy from your amazon linc.......Did they get good revive so now they tripple the price?
I bought 2 Viafo T130 for each vehicle and they died after 2 years. Both units, front cameras died but the internal and rear cameras worked. Called them up they want more money to replace them. The other Viofo 3 channel cameras are way too expensive. They would not let me replace and upgrade. That's been my experience. 500 bucks down the tube.
Looks like you live around Kansas city 😉
Hi can do a review on small action cameras like go pro and budget for motorcycle bicycle thanks  Please keep up the good video 😊❤
@ProjectFarm I would like to suggest adding the camera sensor manufacturer and model to the camera spec's.
I have the Viofo both front and rear. 1440 in front and 1080 in the rear. Get the CPL Polarizing filter, it works great.
I wish you had tested a few more name brand cams, I’m looking into the Garmin cameras that would have been a good one to test
The front windshield look like a security company 🤪
I have a suggestion, do a comparison of inspection cameras. There is a huge variety of prices but which ones actually work?
Thank you! Really good job from some hard work.
Thanks bro... You are the best.  Wish you a long happy life brother there by we get to benefit from your passion of true unbiased comparisons.
I regularly pull a 30’ trailer with my pickup so I highly recommend a dash cam, it’s a really tough market but I do highly recommend a WiFi camera as it’s much easier to grab video footage when needed. It all comes down mostly to the lens on the camera, and get at minimum a 128g ssd. They mostly all use the same software and are just cased different in the budget market.
By far the gold standard for product testing. Please kedp doing what your doing, thanks!
Fantastic video. You are the man. I am shopping for one now. So many, hard to make up your mind. THANK YOU!!!! Viofo is the one. No brainer.
Would have like to have seen something not made in China. Or at least something other than the Chinese branded amazon options.  Garmin perhaps? Black Box?
Thank you so much. Dash cam reviews are needed to find effective dash cams  to record for supporting insurance claims
Thanks for this video, there's so many garbage dashcams on the market it's hard to know what's good and what isn't, even claims of 1080p HD and 4k mean nothing 😂
Try some camera with a real Sony Effio chip and will see how will crush all cameras in market.
what settings did you use in the viofo?
Another thing you should show is whether the built-in power storage is via Li Ion or supercapacitor. Because if you live in a hot climate place, Li Ion will fail on you.
Performs about 99 cents better, lol.
AWESOME
I have a 3 Minolta dash cams and they  seem to work pretty well. I'm surprised you didn't include it in your tests.
I recently bought a RedTiger F7NP to go in a new to me car and overall it might be my favorite dash cam I've had yet, including 2 Viofo A119's. The Viofo might beat it objectively in some tests, however the RedTiger is one of the best overall packages I've found for a front and rear camera with GPS was was one of the quickest and easiest to set up and get going. So far I'm quite happy with it for the price.
No Garmin?  Garmin is all I use now.
Excellent content! However, I wonder, why you didn't trial those cameras reading license plates in the dark? I use surveillance cameras at the entrances to my properties. They do a good job, except they are blinded by the reflection from the vehicle's license plate. Critical information.  Regardless, you've provided a huge service to ALL motorists. Especially those of us the drive in Metro-Atlanta, Georgia. Where you cannot pass multiple billboards with Personal Injury lawyers proclaiming: "Been in a wreck,. Get a check!" I swear by installed dash cameras. The installed price is less than the $500.00 deductible!  My current models are: Rexing V1PGW-4K 2.4" LCD 2160p Front + 1080p Rear W/Built-in GPS, Wi-Fi 170° Wide Angle Dual Channel Dashboard Camera Recorder Car Dash Cam with Rear Cam,G-Sensor,WDR,Loop Recording,Mobile App (2022)
You’re a dollar a gallon cheaper than we are
Extremely helpful! Thank you!
absolutely annoying voice. so hard to watch.
Thank you so much! Appreciate all the work you did to make this video. Very informative.
VIDEO RECOMMENDATION: I am looking to buy a Miter saw, could you do one on that!?
Redtiger is a big surprise, works like a champ, you should test their durability too.
Scotty Kilmer got 2 channels??
I have the Redtiger 4k Dashcam. It's a great camera,  however after some experimentation,  I found that it worked better if you lower the resolution and use 60fps. The other point I'll make is that reviewing video and downloading is miserable.  The camera can't even process the video in real time.  It buffers constantly trying to play the video. The connection process is terrible. The last thing I'll say is that I've used the Redtiger for about 3 years without any major problems.  I do wish the mount was adjustable.
I've had the red tiger for quite a while. A similar model to that except with a rear camera and I clicked on your video immediately to make sure I got a good one. Thank you again
My wife bought me the Red Tiger last week. She said she’d never hear of the first place one. I’m going to install it this week, and it came with a rear camera as well.
That was grueling.  But fantastic!  Now I know what dashcam I am buying.  Thank you for doing what you do.
wow you need to take some voice lessons, use your diaphragm bro, could not even listen past the first 30 seconds
VIOFO Dash Cam A119 Mini 2 is better  and its cheaper right now!!
This guy has an extremely irritating voice.
I freakin love this channel!
I use REDTIGER  Hasn’t let me down once
In a conversation with nerds, it came up that the way the video and audio are written to memory matter just as much as the camera's resolution.  Even if the camera is capable of 4K, and the file is technically in 4K, the hardware and/or software between camera and storage might cause things to be downscaled severely, so the camera's resolution claims need to be taken with a HUGE grain of salt.  That will also cause performance losses when there's more going on on screen, especially with lots of stuff moving.  We were actually talking about some bodycam footage we were watching, but it applies to dashcams.
The best dash cam review ever! Please review more brand and models. Thank you!
Im surprised you didnt teat the Vantrue dashcam.
Good through review, but you should have had a VIOFO A129 4K/2K  dashcam on the review too, as it would have smoked all of these.    It's a little bit more spendy at about $190, but with a 4K (@ 30 FPS) or 2K (@ 60 FPS) front camera, and a 1080P rear camera it catches everything, even at highway speeds, when set to 4k.
I’m pretty sure you could be an auctioneer. As always another great video.
I have Vantrue brand for my dashcams, one has been on my car since feb 2022 (got the stick on one, the old suction cup one i have on my wifes car doesnt stay on well with heat swings). Seems to work pretty well for what i need, however i would love to see it tested against the Viofo since the one i have is about the same pricepoint.
VIOFO has been the king, been using them since 2013
I would buy the viofo but if there was an option for front back and inside would be great, i know that is like another tier in between 100/200+
Question: How do you keep having the same cars in cross traffic and oncoming traffic?  Were you testing all the cameras at once?  I can understand that to be sure the lighting conditions were the same. Just curious.
Another amazing one, @projectfarm!   Would love to see a similar video for rearview cameras for cars.   I have purchased a few of them for my cab-over truck camper setup and they are terrible!  I'm sure you could uncover the best out there....
thank you! I bought the Redtiger mostly because the viofo didn't have an app? the redtiger has given me a couple issues where it comes to life with the with it's wi-fi turned back off, so I have to restart the wi-fi in order to connect it to the app again. seems like a solid unit otherwise!
Viofo, got it
OUTATME love it, another great video! I have a viofo (need to install) but we have like 5 daily drivers. I bought a Vantrue cause it has a suction cup mount and is moveable from car to car, but this was great... ca drivers
Yikes, even the best of these are not what I'd call great. Maybe "ok" or barely acceptable haha. Could someone please make a 4- or 5-hundred-dollar dashcam with reasonable quality please (large sensor, motion compensation, actual working HDR exposure, decent wide aperture lens, not over-compressed footage)? Pretty please?
I dont have a dashcam, nor do i want one, so why am i watching this video? Because that's how awesome the PF channel is bro!
would you be able to do a review on using a GoPro or Gopro like camera as a Dashcam
That Pruveeo boot sound is the same as a Minolta 4k handheld action cam that I had a few years ago.
You failed to test then $150-$400 dash cams, NONE of which can beat the Viofo!
I prefer the rearview mirror dashcams that also have a backup cam.  I've seen several that have a 360 cam, some that have remote external Blindspot cameras, and some that have pivoting cameras on the main unit.
Dash cams are ALL lies and scams. They ALL use the same lens and sensor, which is utter trash compared to cell phone lenses and sensors. NONE of them have more than 480p resolution! Nobody knows why.
Have a Viofo A129Plus that has a 1440 front and a 1080p rear camera and this is a 4 year old model. They offer several camera models. Higher resolution on the same size sensor makes the pixels smaller and that limits light collecting which shows the limitations at night. A 1080 or 1440 camera with the same size sensor will pull in more light per pixel than a 4K will and have a better night time image.
Excellent Video! Other channels have also reviewed dashcams and Viofo seems to always be a top brand. I have the VIOFO A129 Plus Duo in all 3 vehicles in my fleet and it has stood the test of time.
where did you get that voice?
Thank you! Another outstanding test. I love your real-world tests. Keep it up!
Perfect timing! My wife and I are looking at these now to add to our car.  It's getting crazy out there!
When he screams "Very Impressive"!! That's the product you buy 😂👌
oh man the voice. had to jump ahead. just tone it down a little
do you think the rove or red tiger is the better overall pick? ive seen more bad reviews for the redtiger in terms of longevity, having a hard time deciding between the two.
Vantrue is a good brand too
I wanted to see the Vantage N4 Pro compare
If I use a windshield cover will it damage the dashcam?
I went into settings to insure the optimum settings, default it the lowest setting, I have one in both vans, I don't plan on letting the cops write down both me and my next accident had a green light knowing that is impossible, they don't investigate here, I had to take a total loss due to liability insurance and no one saw anything, tho everyone seemed to want involved when exiting the vehicles, you need a camera, you can't rely on people, nor the cops to do their damn job!
Good video
I fully stand by VIOFO. I bought a dual cam 2K kit when I got my car back in 2022. 2025 and it still holds up. I highly recommend getting the hardwire kit and hooking it up directly to the fuse box.
All of those dash and have horrible image quality. Why can’t there be a dashcam that puts out image quality like a GoPro?
why not look at viofo's best camera the A229Pro, as well as the 2 top cams on the market, the Thinkware U3000 and BlavVue DR970x - the other cams mentioned in this review are utter garbage and everybody who knows anything about dashcams would know it.
I don't see thinkware dashcam, best sold at Bestbuy and highly rated on Amazon and one I use. But too much comparing is too much confusion.
I’m sorry, but after listening to your voice for 30 seconds, my ears were screaming!
Extremely well and detailed review! This is magnificent PF keep doing that you do I am very thankful for your reviews!
The level of testing Todd does in these videos outperforms Consumer Reports!!!  If I have to buy something, I check if Project Farms has a video on it first.
This one was great! Thank you. I have been thinking of buying one, now I know which one!
If you ever want to do another one and compare with Rexing, let me know. I’ll send you one. I recommend it to everyone who wants a dash cam. The upper mid range generally run about $200 each.
I did a lot of research on dashcams a while back. With my main focus on working in the cold. Ended up with REDTIGER and very happy with it. What I found is dash cans with a super capacitor are better in the cold than just a battery.
Geeze, could you maybe bring your voice down an octave?
The spread in quality is shocking. If you rated them from 1 to 10 the final grade would show up a clearer spread. Great video.
So basically all of them is trash
Surprised you didnt review any of Garmin’s Cameras especially how popular the brand is in the marine industry.
Best dashcam is by far the comma 3X. Dashcam it’s really its secondary function.
Shame you didn't have a Thinkware model on the test but I can confirm the general results on the Viofo. I have had the 119 V3 in multiple cars over the last 7 years or so and it has been consistently reliable.
looks like you really get what you pay for there.
i have had the VIOFO on my wishlist for about a year now after the research i did on dashcams. glad to see i appear to be pretty good at researching things.
Hey Todd, how about doing one on bread machines? Lots of home bread makers could use a good review of a bread machine
I think one of the most important feature is for the camera to have a capacitor and not a battery. Camera with battery will struggle on very hot and cold days, when stator is weak or after 5-10 years due to degradation.
Amazing review. A little disappointed there was not an ease-of-use category. Still very very helpful. Thanks so much!
Rexing is the best 👌
A119 Mini v2 and nothing else. Only problem is it's g sensor is super sensitive but i'll take it doing that over anything else
@ProjectFarm: I would love to see a video comparing the strength, accuracy, and durability of 4' levels.  And thanks for the hard work and dedication!
Thanks so much for these tests. You offer tons of excellent consumer info in your videos!!  Mirror mount cameras are another that would be interesting to see. I have a Wolfbox G850 Pro that I paid about $150 net for. Both front and rear cameras. also has wifi & GPS as well as able to use a 256GB card. The only issue I have is the size of the mirror between my 2 sun visors., (12') Mirror is really huge so cannot get my sun visors down all of the way, but workable. The company sent me a smaller (10") mirror but I decided to keep the larger one. I have a 2000 4 Runner.  Very clear both back and front.  Would be nice if it had blue tooth rather than WIFI.  Wolfbox has EXCELLENT CUSTOMER Service!!!
I sure hope you weren’t driving stick for those stop and go tests!  As always, the thoroughness of your test methodologies is outstanding.
ease review thermal dashcams in the under $1000 range . ty
Glad I bought the VIOFO a year ago.  It did include a tethered rear camera and can upload to my phone via built-in WiFi.
You must prove yourself as a world champion in pronunciation of brand names 😁
Would be nice to see how it compares to modern smartphone camera 😊
do trail cams!
So glad to have a dashcam review, thank you. Surprised to see no garmin
is it me but i cannot see the model number /name of the cams only the make
I love how mine is the crappiest one on the list. Seems like I need an upgrade-
This is the video I’ve been waiting for!
I have the ROVE R2-4K DUAL, it has great Wi-Fi connection with about 30ft+ range and a a ton of settings and full screen on a tablet on both cameras forward and rear. My big thing was no battery,  every dashcam I've owed the battery died and they did not save the last video segment. The Rove does not use a battery, but a Supercapacitor, we'll se how that does.
The truth about SOME dashcams. That Pruveeo is a bulky hunk of ugly junk. Pretty interesting you apparently did this with all mounted at the same time. I have a Pormido 1440p mirror mounted dash cam. It's 4 years old now and still works great, includes a rear camera. Doesn't seem they still offer the one I have which I find surprising given the competition. I see that they finally have a decent website at least. Except in rare instances a 1080p rear camera is sufficient, typically all you need is a decent view of what took place and license plates will be close enough picking them up is no problem.  If you live in a state with no front plates it's not going to even matter. Comparing my own videos it outperforms every one of these units except probably the Viofo. I don't recall you really comparing or commenting on the brightness of the video which is a big factor in usability, some of these were extremely dim. I have to add that this selection is extremely limited and does not include the best dashcams you can buy today.
I'm so excited to have bought the top rated item before it was reviewed! Thanks for the confirmation!
Just use an old iPhone or android. 😅
This helped me confirm my own research. I have 4 Viofo A129 which are the front and rear version of the A119 you tested. They offer a polarization filter for the lens and overall I've been very happy with the reliability and price point. One additional thing you could have tested is heat durability. Some places it can get crazy hot in the vehicle and having your cam keep working in those conditions can be important. My experience the Viofo had no issues in Summer Tampa heat. Love your videos. Keep up the good work.
I’ve been searching for dash cams for a while, can’t find the right one, any suggestions
stand alone dashacams will always be better due to thats where all the resources went into and not the included rear camera
Consistently great work, thank-you!  I did not skip the commercials and allowed them to play through👍
and now this deal is gone LOL everyone and their grandma is buying one
Been waiting for this for 5 years. Thank you. Might go with the wolf due to the good performance and mainly the rear facing cabin camera
The main problem with these dashcams is the battery life. I wish they built them in silver or white so they don't take as much beating from the sun, or they made the batteries changeable.
Can we get a video for Body cameras?
I took a VIOFO A129 Duo 2 in 2020. Look very similare to this one, but 1080p at best and it came with a rear cam included. Still work well today after years cooking and freezing in my car (Eastcoast Canada). Only needed to replace the Micro SD card. Would buy again if it break down.
great work as always, just in time for an upgrade.
@projectfarm please review car covers. There are currently ZERO trustworthy reviews out there.  The price ranges are crazy and even the expensive ones seem to fail..  reviews are all over the place.  Thanks
Viofo is the best
Viofo has discount coupons on Amazon currently because of you!
I've never had a windshield camera mount make it thru the summer. They always either break or refuse to retain suction no matter how well I clean the glass or ensure its initial grab. I've also never paid more than $40 for a camera I believe.
Thank you for your review . Can you shout louder 😂👍
"4K resolution"
Lets Go Miden 😂
Let's be honest none of these are great
Content 10/10 Narration 2/10. Sorry it’s too panicked in presentation.
I'm a little disappointed that you did not include the Garmin dash cams in this comparison.
It would be nice to see-  Aux back up cameras  Outdoor security cameras Entry level drones  Windshield washer fluid   Keep up the great work 👍
In Australia the Blackvues seem popular and look good on Dash cam Australia .Blackvues DR770X/FHD
I want to purchase the VIOFO, but it looks like it uses mini usb instead of usb-c. 😢
Was waiting on this one, thanks👏
very helpful. thank you. maybe a Garmin and nexar test against the these top three?
@projectfarm what's your take on the VIOFO Dash Cam A119 V3 vs the VIOFO Dash Cam A119 Mini 2? Which would be a better option in your opinion?
Thanks for this. Ive been struggling to find another decent dashcam since the buttons on my Aukey 1080 stopped working because the windshield suction cup continued to fail and fall. Ill definitely be considering the top three brands.
The gas prices shocked me the most on the final test. I Remember seeing over $5 for Unleaded while I was visiting Seattle
can you do this with cams on $200 - $300 price range? and also compare it to the viofo? also I do like all this videos they are great information thanks
You for got about Rexing. My Rexing 100% beats all of these hands down.
Could you do a video of the rear view mirror cameras?
I have a Viofo that does all 3 cameras. Well, I only bought the 2 channels, but it is set up for front, rear, and interior cameras. I can vouch for the Viofo quality, though. It's by far the best dash cam I've ever seen or used. Mine has 4k front and 2k rear according to the box. It performs like that is accurate.
Where is he getting these coupons?
My god what an amazing video, AND he provides links to the cameras?!? Insane quality and effort put in here well done!
Stills sounds like your underpants are too tight
I've been using Viofo since 2018, no issues whatsoever and holds up well to the multiple weather.
Would love to see you test steam cleaners. I don't think you've done those yet.
Another excellent review. Saved me tons of searching 👍
I'm suprise he did not include garmin,  probably one of the largest most known brands.
Been waiting for this from the most truthful reviewer on YT
I'd love to see an encrypted dashcam
I would have liked to see Thinkware and BlackVue in these tests
I've used the Rove R2-4k for a few months now in my Camaro. It's super reliable and quality is great. I wouldn't hesitate to buy again.
You probably know this already, but many of these brands are made by the same manufacturer under different names on Amazon. They use identical hardware inside the camera and slightly different firmware to give it a different feel and appearance.
Most of the highly rated cameras by other testers are WAY more than this price range.
Strange tests..looks liek you just buy ANYTHING and test,,instead of trying to find good products adn test them. why there is no xiomi dashcams??  all of your cams are some random crap from america. instead of being international stuff. that would make your video(s) more apealing to europeans and asians too. All of thos dashcams were pure crap! that could be beaten by some popular 40$ chinese dashcam from aliexpress
WOW!  Your service is super valuable!  THANK YOU!
I got a Viofo A119 mini 2 for my car. Fortunately, I haven't had to use it yet but it seems like to perform super well.
I needed this
Too bad you didnt grab a FitcamX. They are making dash cams that are designed to click right into factory mirror mounts and wiring.  My Volvo V60 dash cam looks factory, and has some of the best video and stills of any dash cam I've ever had.
It’s pretty pathetic how bad most dash cameras are…
Linus Tech Tips did the best video on this with the perfect explanation!
Awesome video and review - I would love to see the set up in the car with all those dashcams connected at the same time 😃😃
Most dash cams use the same sensors and such and honestly, most are just crap. If you compare it to a Insta 360 for example, the difference is staggering. Sure, dash cams are cheaper, but the results are simply on par with 2000 Motorola flip phone cams. Luckily I can get away with a said Insta 360 in my Miata ND to get a fron and rear view. Got the mounting point between my seats, so I get a front and rear view at the same time.
Thanks, I've been very happy with my viofo dashcam. They do have front and rear systems, as well as newer models with even better cameras.
VIOFO makes 4k cameras with rear ones also 4K. You should test these too. They are sold out because of this video
so do you have all these cameras on the windshield at one time? cause that truck seems to pass you at the same spot each time..
These dash cams are less in $$$$ than they are in £ in the UK. I don;t know why they are ripping us off now. If you think I'm being a cheapskate, remember that the salaries in the UK are about half of what you earn in the USA, yet we pay 4 times as much for electricity as you do, and 3 times as much for car fuel.
Damn...
Try watching at 0.85x
Buying 2 Viofo next time around.....maybe 4!!
And this is not the best one from Viofo 👌
I can imagine how goofy the truck looked with all the cams set up at the same time. Mall Cop Mode: Engaged  I had a mid-range Vantrue that was pretty good a few vehicles ago, and i keep seeing ads for Wolfbox, but i doubt many of them would survive in my truck. It gets up over 150 F just behind the bumper in the summer and the inside is hotter than that. Maybe someday they'll make something us poors can afford. :D
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL
Do brake pads
This is amazing! Thank you for doing this and doing it so well!
Definitely wish you would of included the numerous garmin dashcams available along with all the others available in truck stops.
Electrical engineer here: the problem is that almost all dascams within a price range is exactly the same camera chip. That's why they are almost as same as bad
I recommend red tiger, I had a malfunctioning button and they sent me an entire new unit for free.
Thank you. Great job!!
Very useful, especially in this age of road rage and poor/congested driving with city lights and sunrises/sets all in the mix.  It's not lost on us that this was a lot of video to parse through and probably no small feat to get these all running at the same time on your dash with, I'm sure, a measurable amount of frustration.  Heroic efforts were made here.  We appreciate you, Todd.
Hero
I would have loved to see and older spare cell phone compared to these..
VIOFO owner here, my only gripe was the sticky tape failed after a year in the sun. I bought some better double sided tape on Amazon that’s been working great. This camera helped prove my side convincingly when I was side swipped by a red light runner. A dash cam is a must have.
PLEASE do a REVIEW  COMPARING MIRROR DASH CAMS..
Watching this got me thinking, I have an old smart phone with a better camera and better everything. Why can't we use those with an app?
Ive been super curious about this very topic. Thank you sir!!!
Where's the test of surviving a year of Texas heat?  For that matter, could you look through the instruction manual and rule out the ones with idiotic bits like "do not leave in direct sunlight?"
I purchased polarizing filters for a nominal amount on Amazon for my Rovi R2 4K cameras. This might be a worthwhile addition to help cut glare that may not be available with some of the other cameras.  I also bought the hardwire kit with the capacitor and the 24 hour monitor kit which records if your car gets an impact while parked.  I am curious if the rankings would have changed a bit ( especially when driving towards the sun) if the filter (under $20) would have been installed for these tests.
Finally! Information that is useful; thank you, THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
One thing that is important to note, the CocoPro takes 1 to 2 months for delivery
VIOFO seriously is the champ. Shit name brand but the quality is solid. Been using it for YEARS no issue. All kinds of weather.
The best dash camera review I have ever seen!  You're the legend!
I have a great deal of interest in which dash cam to buy but..... you didn't test VanTrue, Rexing, Garmin...
😎👍
I HAVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS!!!! THANK YOU!!!!
I hope my Viofo was a lemon because it came with very high regards but would malfunction quite often   Writing before to help see who will be the replacement.
Which one should I get?
I bought a red tiger awhile back and I enjoy it I've caught a few odd things luckily haven't had to go to court yet and no crashes for me it's fairly easy to use and you don't have to take the video card out to get a copy of the videos just onboard wifi connect with your phone and download through their app and you can have it fairly quickly
Hoped to see 70mai dashcam ☺️
It's a shame you didn't do a temperature test. Living in the desert makes it difficult to choose a good dash cam. The 130+ degree weather inside the car is brutal, and most dashcam makers lie about their temperature ratings.
I’d like to see a comparison with rexing if you do this again
I have the Arifayz and the one thing I will give them credit for is their excellent customer service. Mine stopped working after a month and the responded to me within an hour to get it resolved
As a long time dash cam user I have learned something very important. I use NextBase. I started with the 322 (about $200) and was thinking of upgrading to the 522 so I did. A major factor to consider is how well do they handle the heat inside the car with the windows up during summer. When I upgraded to the 522 (about $300) the battery expanded inside the dash cam and pushed against the screen and caused a spot on the LCD. They can also put out a lot of heat so it would go into overheat protection mode and end up not running which would mean if someone hit your car while parked, you wouldn't have that footage captured. I went back down to the 322 for that reliability and safety of not having my car burned down due to the LiPo battery exploding.
I miss Apeman Dash Cams, but they went the way of Tacklife.
Your Coolcrazy link is dead. Looks like they dropped the price to $55 but that is for the N7 and I see you tested the N8.
Hey, PF.., working on all these cars I get dirty & greasy. I’d like to know who makes the best stain remover for grease, dirt, or just food etc.  It would be good if you did a video on these products.. there are a lot of them.
I thought I'd share a tip: A dashcam can also be used as a quick 'n easy security camera anyplace, anytime. It need not be chained to your car. Most only require 5V, so a 12V cigarette lighter outlet port is overkill. Connect a dashcam with a USB cable to a portable power bank to use as a nanny cam, pedo cam, burglar cam, body cam, etc. Report that neighbor. Catch your coworker stealing your lunch. Catch your cheating spouse.
For anyone looking and considering a dash cam, I can confirm Viofo is great. I splurged and got the A229 pro, but it’s well worth the money IMO.
I'd love it if you could do some reviews of some more expensive cams too 100-300 dollars
Electric can openers...I buy and throw away bunch of them, will not last.
Even Linus recommended viofo a119 now that's testament to how reliable this model is.
Do appreciate what you do.
Just another suggestion been awhile for paper towels comparison. Not vs shop towels.
Finally, proof that you actually have a farm.
Maybe the title should say "budget" cams. Now do a review on the real ones, blackvue, garmin etc...
Why not just talk like a normal person?
The video on my Rove 4K is better. I wonder if that is from having a better and bigger SD card.
I've been looking at dash cams and have becer known which one to buy and never trusted others to give the unbiased reviews that you do.   It would be cool if you could do a follow-up for the rear view cameras.  I think that being able to identify a car model and drivers facial features for hit and runs from the rear would make a lot of sense. Not all states have front plates to identify the owner.
THANK YOU for this! My wife was sideswiped on the freeway and the guy drove away at 100mph. We never figured out who did it, so I’m getting dashcams for the next stupid thing that happens.
I need to take a breath after listening to that
Were all the cameras mounted at the dash and all videis shot once? Cause I saw the same truck at these timestamps: 10:21 10:44 11:04 11:15 11:27 11:43 11:55 12:08 12:22  Or is it just me? 🤔
This was a great comparison review. The best I've seen for dash cams
Nice to see you and LTT both liked the Viofo
great video! I have the dual channel VIOFO A129 and it has paid for itself.  A while back a crackhead lady straight up threw it in reverse and backed into me while I was completely stopped at a stoplight. After I gave the video to insurance the repair shop called to make an appointment that same day.
With all the different brands, who makes the best and most truthful car battery inverter?
thanks for the video it will come in handy!
Is there anything NOT made in China??
Been using VIOFO since 2016 and have yet to find anything better.
Seriously, there should be a 'high pitch' sound warning at the beginning of this video. My eardrums need rehab before I could handle hearing that voice ever again! Ouch! And that's a guy's voice!
Awesomesauce video Todd! As most other posts have said. I keep kicking the idea around of getting a dash cam. Lucky for me, my commute to the Naval Base isn't too bad. But now I feel better knowing that you have looked and recommended one for me. 😊 Caffeinator out.
Honestly not sure I'd buy any of these. I've been looking at dashcams alot lately and feel underwhelmed by the performance of pretty much all of the cameras tested.
It's a bit niche but I'd like to see the same test but for motorcycle dash cams!
Wow y'all are paying 2.69 a gallon? I'm jealous, I just filled up last night here in Eugene Oregon, it was 3.75 a gallon for regular. Oregon, and Eugene both put additional taxes on gas.
Great test and consumer advice. Please check out the RØDE microphone that you attach to your t-shirt. Then you don’t need to shout your message. Fatiguing to listen to you. Sorry but your acoustic suck in that room and the microphone you have ain’t good enough.
Wait you should do radar/laser detectors
Please do electric screwdrivers!
This is the second no bullshit review I've seen from you that popped up in my feed. Subbed. Keep up the good work, love it.
Just the other day I thought I knew nothing about dash cams
Thanks.
Thanks. I've been considering a dash cam and the analysis was very helpful. I'm not sure a second camera for the back is worthwhile, but the Viofo looks good for front facing.
So the most important test, "reading a license plate at night" was never performed.
VIOFO stocks are gonna raise! LOL! Thanks for sharing!
Hey Todd. I don't recall if you tested this specifically but ran across another video recommending seafoam for use in engine oil, and it says that in the bottle. I'm sure it works to loosen sludge if you're running conventional oil especially but regardless, what I'm really curious about is does it reduce the lubricating ability of the oil measurably? The bottle says put it in 200 to 300 miles before an oil change and I suspect a good synthetic with lots of detergents would be better than dropping some solvent into the oil.  Also good to know the dashcam I think LTT also recommended is still the best. Wish there was a better one by now.
Absolutely a horrible voice of the guy doing the squeaky talking couldn't continue do to this horrible narrator thumbs down 100 percent
This video should be titled "Low Budget Dashcams" and requires a part 2 for $100-300 mid-range dashcams. Anyone expecting usable performance out of a sub-$100 dashcam is not thinking sensibly…
😢 I just bought mine whyyyyy
I don't understand your ranking chart.
You really need to get some one else to do the voiceover
Unfortunately these are the lower ends of dashcams. Would you be doing better brands or higher valued dashcams?
no Nexar?
I’ve had my VIOFO for over 5 years. Went through hot summers and cold winters. Still going. Highly recommend
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS!!  BOUGHT MANY PROJECTS YOU RECOMMENDED AND QUITE HAPPY!!  HOW ABOUT A VIDEO ON BEST FACIAL SHAVER....
I'm currently in the market for a good dash cam and glad I came across this. One of the best, if not the best and most trusted channel. Thank you.
Bummer I can't find the cool crazy one
How about some car audio testing??? Especially the lithium battery's there are some comapany's selling wolf ticket's..
You should test the 622Gw nextbase front and rear camera.
Just wondering, I know there is like a million of these dash cams. how did you go about selecting your certain ones to test out for this specific segment?(Appreciate all your videos, thanks in advance)👍
No idea where else to put this suggestion. But I’d love to see a “Best weed and feed.” If that’s somehow able to do in a fair and accurate manner. It would be great to see if the store generics work the same as the big names. Plus which are most effective and controlling weeds/enriching grass.   Thanks!
How about a vid on the best oil catch pan?
Blackvue? Thinkware?
I have the Viofo A229 Pro 3ch.    Great for off-roading.   20 hours from 3 cameras can fit on a 500Gb memory card.   I take one card per day.
I still would have liked to see the rear cameras, just to see if they would help with backing up etc.  Thanks for the reviews
Wonder if you could do cordless, jigsaws and palm routers
I’m so happy with my Viofo. I have the front and rear windshield camera. Its pricey but its worth it for peace of mind!
Idea for a video: What's the best hair cutting machine!
I did research ~1.5y ago and I ladned on the a119v2 at the time and it seemed to be the best value, starvis 2 sensor seemed to really make a difference when it comes to clarity on reading license plates at night. 2k seemed good enough.  I bought it for like $100-110 on sale, and seems like looking at footage it is quite good! Good to see that the brand does well here.
FYI, VIOFO offers both a 4k model and one with a rear camera.
Viofo it is
I bought the Viofo camera and it records ok but I can't watch the videos. is there a special software I need? with my old cameras the videos play I'm running Windows 7 and I don't want to upgrade to 10 or 11. Thanks! Jim
I only buy 70mai  products.For dashcams, you better trust Chinese choice. All those on the video are cheapos. Thank you for making the video!
The fact that I have been looking for a great quality dash cam for about a week or so and you uploaded this is a life saver. I have been looking at Vantrue and Blackvue the most. I own a Tesla and the built in dash cam is great BUT only 4 cameras are used compared to the 9. Decisions, decisions.
WHY ARE YOU SOOOOO HIGH  PITCHED!!!!!!
I hope you do a top 3 comparison with the Viofa 119, 229plus, 229pro, and 329 as well. Apparently the 329's rear camera is supposed to be the same 4K camera as it's front facing.
Always great reviews! I'm glad to see that you moved from just tools. I would trust you reviewing most anything you're very thorough and that is the most important thing.
my issue with dash cam is how long they last
DUCKBILL EARTH ANCHORS, please. love your work
You should do a video on pocket multi tools like the ones made by Leatherman or Gerber.
The best dash cam I've bought was around 2015.  It cost about $20.  Anything since has been awful regardless of cost.
This dude is the most pleasant man on the internet and actually still does useful reviews that we want after so many years! Thank you and keep up the good work!
If companies were smart, the good ones would say " as seen on Project Farm".
For those that may be considering the purveeo, I would stay away. I’ve had 2 now and both broke within a month.
Dude you do good videos, but ever since your tire pressure guage video the products that came up on top had to be tossed out and they were a birthday presents for my pops. I took your word going against my judgment purchasing from Amazon ever again. You come out your pocket, but it's looking like you gaining not losing. Every product is Amazon related, so it's like this if anything happens to the dashcam (based on your video you broke it down with comparing them) Viofo brand if so much as a scratch when installing it. I don't care if it's user error me and you fena have some problems
I wish we did a comparison of the Thinkware products versus Momento/DroneMobile, we love both products and they beat the Kenwood Dash Cameras.
Don't buy a China made camera, support local when possible!
I've been using the Viofo A119 Mini 2 for a couple years now. It has been great for capturing dash cam footage. Do yourself a favor and purchase the polarizing lens for the camera to help sharpen the image further when facing direct sunlight or high glare situations. Also buy a good quality SDXC card as a cheap one won't last with the constant write/delete that takes place on dash cam memory cards. This is the one I bought for mine.  SanDisk 256GB Ultra microSDXC UHS-I Memory Card with Adapter - Up to 150MB/s, C10, U1, Full HD, A1, MicroSD Card - SDSQUAC-256G-GN6MA
If you don't mind spending a little more, Vantrue has some of the best dashcams.  They use Sony STARVIS 2 sensor for low light performance and software enhancement to enhance license plate recognition.
I have two version of the rove the one tested included. Have had for years with 0 problems.
Thanks! - Keep up the good work.   You have probably saved a lot of headaches and money for other people.   😍😍😍😍
All made in china. Geez!
I made it to 3:54 and had to stop. The talk just drove me crazy. I may never buy another dash cam.
portable the Saker Portable Welding Machine.
4K is a waste for most dash cams. The lens quality on most dash cams is not 4K. I set my 4K cameras at 2K, and I get about 4 times more hours on the SD card. There is very little difference in the quality of the video.
Your video is very helpful but u sound like the children’s character blimpy, very hard to listen to
I would love to see a detailed review on Coin Cells such as the common CR2032. For some reason, some brands seem to work vastly better than others in many modern keyfobs. It might help to measure voltage while devices are in use. My theory is some keyfobs are very voltage sensitive. Maybe temperature is also a factor?
Go up to $200 level and the quality gets much better with the Viofo 229 Pro, Miofive S1 Ultra , and the Garmin Dash Cam Mini 3
Can you please make a video comparing these four ULV ATF oils on the market. These are quite new and theres not much information out there. There might be other brands but those are the four I know of. Is Amsoil oil really worth the 3x price tag? "We'll test that"  ACDelco DEXRON ULV ATF Motorcraft Mercon ULV ATF Valvoline ULV ATF AMSOIL ULV ATF
There are Blackvue, Garmin, Thinkware, Vanture. Non of them reviewed. Appreciate all the tests, but I don't understand how participants are determined on this channel
I saw some other comments mention it. This category could use destructive testing. In the event of a catastrophic crash you want to know your evidence is saved. Could add power loss test, excessive heat test, and bang the cameras around as well as dropping and smashing them. Which ones save the video and which ones are corrupted?
Please, continue making videos like these, you have an special place on my heart!
This is definitely the best dashcam review I've seen. I just bought another Viofo A119 a few weeks ago. I had such a good experience with my first A119. Really the only thing holding it back, though this review proves old is still good, is the dated sensor and lacking feature set of modern dashcams. Thought about the newer A119 mini v2, but they're aren't many reviews on it. If you are looking for a new dashcam, $100 is the sweet spot. The quality doesn't really improve with the price after that.
I have a Roav dashcam. (Not to be confused with Rove!! I wonder if Rove did this on purpose.) I'm generally happy with it, but they don't seem to make them anymore. I can't help but notice that the Viofo's physical appearance is just like the discontinued Roav cameras. I wonder what the story is there.
I have a 70mai dashcam from AliExpress. It's great and helped with a recent crash. I also use transcend dashcams. I recommend....
I've been using Viofo for years, I had their A119, then their V2, then their V3. All have been fantastic with no issues in my car nor in any of my family members cars.
First time on your channel. EXCELLENT breakdown and tests. Gives a great overall “picture” of each camera. Interestingly, I was a big fan of buying loads of dash cams to try to get the best one.   Then I happened upon a few YT channels that do dash cam complications with accidents, rule breakers, and road ragers. I noticed through these that the VIOFO cameras in all the variations did indeed offer the best images.   So not only is your testing good for this controlled environment, it reaffirms what i’ve seen in real-world usage.   I now own 3 VIOFO cams for my cars and had them BEFORE watching this video. I’m very happy to know that i did actually make the best possible decision, especially for the price.   Thanks for the video. Your review style and commentary is wonderful!
Awesome test. The results show a surprisingly wide range in quality. Choice matters quite a lot. The big downside is that the products tested are almost all made by "throw-away" brands, so it can happen that in a couple years you cannot find them at all. Even if you find a good quality product you cannot just buy from the same brand again :/  I bought a dashcam myself last year. Tried to find a good price/value product by checking tests online and went for a Navitel R480 at around $80. Comfortable to use, comes with dual camera and I think it is alright for the price but surprisingly it performs way worse in terms of image quality and at nighttime than in the videos I checked. At night you are lucky if you can guess the make of an oncoming car. Struggles quite a lot with ghosting even in daytime conditions so licenseplate readability of vehicles driving by is not 100% to say the least.  Image quality in general is rather decent though if you don't want to do CSI type of stuff with it.
Great content, though I personally find the presentation off-putting.
If PF happens to go offline, I hope the investigators look to the far east first !?
Thank you Sir!
17:33  If ranking is only 1=excelent to 5 = poor how come there are numbers that are as high as 11?
Another great and informative video. I wish you would include a well known brand like Garmin or Whistler as a benchmark. Just a suggestion, really appreciate you taking the time and spending the cash to help us make informed purchases.
👍🖖
Best reusable ice packs for a cooler?
So many ewaste brands
Best Robot Vacuums under 300$  please
I have a red tiger and would not suggest it for anyone living in an area with a hot climate. my screen is now half as visible as it used to be due to heat. It also is hardwired (always on) so if you don't unplug it if you plan on not driving for multiple days it will kill your battery.
Very good info on dash cams.
Thank you so much for doing this video. I have been looking for a dash cam for my new truck for a while now. I just couldn’t find a trust worthy review until now.
I just love how thorough you are. How were you driving all of those other vehicles at the same time? That was very impressive.
Skip to 17:33
I’ve noticed that the weirder the brand name, the higher the chance it’ll fall apart before you even finish pronouncing it.
Some of the Viofo cameras have a rtmp output. I steam my dashcam on my 2nd YouTube channel using a laptop and a hotspot.
Im going to assume they all did well in daytime driving conditions. And any of them will show if you hit or were hit by another vehicle regardless of the image quality. I put my Garmin action camera on dash one time and the quality of image and so on was huge compared to any dash cam. That was 5 years ago so maybe times have changed. Thanks for the show!!
Had a feeling Viofo would do extremely well. Would be curious to see this side x side comparison pitting Viofo against Vantrue. Pretty sure they both have 3 channel cameras with a 4k front facing or least a 1440p front facing.
In ear Bluetooth hearing protection next please. Work safety and for shooting.
What happened to Thinkware dashcams?
Very irritating voice
That was pretty "Peculiar"... ;)  Great job again!
I have the VIOFO a229 pro and a A129 in my vehicles and they’ve been great! Front and rear and for ~$200.
Thank you PF
Strongly suggest the A119 Mini 2.
well, now I know which dash cam to get for my Tesla.
I have had a Rexing Dash Cam in my car for years and it has a very good picture and performs every day in heat and cold without problems. Wish you had included a Rexing i would like to see how it compared to the viofo
Lots of work you did!! Thanks for consolidating your findings into one video!! 👍😊
I was really hoping blackvue was going to be on here, but I can understand given its cost why it wasnt.
Can we get another tape measure video please? Dewalt 25' atomic compact included?
AMAZING REVIEW DETAIL!  Thankyou!!  notes to self since no index: 02:43 $65 Ovan k600 03:18 $90 CoolCrazy N8 03:51 $100 Red Tiger F7NP good 75 sunset test 04:35 $100 Rove R2-4k front and rear, better sunset 75 test 6:02 $114 VioFo A19V3 front only but good image 7:37 comparison graph
I’ve had a VIOFO A119 for about 10 years now.  It’s paid for itself a few times over after two accidents and false insurance claims as well as two bogus tickets.  It’s a wonderful camera.  I upgraded to version 2, 5 years ago.  Thinking it’s time to get V3.  Thrilled with the brand.
I'd would be expensive, but I'd really like to see a test of autonomous lawn mowers
It would be nice if. someone offered a dash cam. that could record your GPS location and speed. We would then have a base on which to fight. unjust speeding tickets.
the voice is annoying....
Fps is unbeatable
You are the man
@projectfarm, I'd be interested in reviews of universal transmission cooler performance. Dana Tru-Cool, Hayden, Chinese knockoffs etc and standard tube/fin as well as  designs with temperature controlled bypass valves. Also painted vs raw aluminum.
Having a rating scale with 1 being good and 5 being bad is an.... interesting choice. I guess as long as all of your graphs use short bars to mean good and long bars to mean bad, it won't be too confusing.  .....uh oh
I am surprised at the score of the cool crazy compared to the red tiger facing into the sunset as your video appears to show them as pretty much identical.
Try testing auto battery charges.   Thanks!
Video suggestion : which pre mixed fuel is better there are lots of options for your small engines.
Bro, this was legit, thanks for doing this. so much info and you did it quickly and concisely. love your field testing technics.
I can comment on Viofo for the ability to last.  I have been using Viofo cameras for almost 10 years.  They are good products.  The first model I ever owned had a problem within the first year and they sent me out a brand new unit no questions asked.  Since then I upgraded to a one camera 4k unit about 5 years ago I think.  Still working beautifully,  Just installed a front/rear camera from Viofo in my wife's new Kia Telluride and it works great...super clear picture front and rear.  The only thing I have never done is hookup the constant power adapter for when the car is turned off.  I am always worried about draining the battery.
Can we see an electric lawn mower video for us looking to switch to an electric home lawn mower?
I have the 70mai A400 and the camera itself gets good images in day and night, even with the sun in front. Bad software, though. Can't trust its clock. It's always lagging behind and I have to resync it to my phone every month. Also for the first almost a year since I bought it the surveillance cam feature didn't detect the surveillance power cable until a software update fixed it. Meaning they sold it advertising a feature that wasn't there. Current pricing: 100 Euro with the rear cam + 22 euro for the surveillance power cable. This includes 20% VAT on both.
Thanks for the testing. Very helpful in trying to narrow down the choices.
Which one works well in the backseat or bedroom...asking for a friend
You ripped right through this quick with excellent real life detail...
What about the type that are mirrors
You are doing God's work!
Great stuff. It might be time for a new one soon.  It would have been interesting to see how you did the tests.  I looks like you had all  the dash cams mounted at the same time to ensure identical conditions.  Any reasons why brands like Garmin wasn’t included ?
sir, im just highlighting here. please for a steam cleaner next. much appreciated
Very useful
GoPro dropped the ball by not getting into the dashcam game.  They were the most recognized name for small cameras. Even just offering a mode to allow for video overwriting so that their cameras cam be used as a dashcam.
i have a AZDOME M550 3CH Dash Cam 4K with 3.19" Screen IR Night Vision 24H Parking Mode its $129.99 and works great
I personally have had a Rove for close to 3 years now and love it.
Thanks I remember back in the 60s or 70S one of the car books possible Road & Track did  the same thing with Radar Detectors and at the last sect one of the brands sent in there unit for testing,  Now little did they know but they also went out and pick units off the shelf as well.  This one radar detector was outstanding well above the performance of  all the others that sent units for the test and knew that a big testing were the out come could spell millions in sells from a leading Maz in the car market when the max speed was 55 MPH across the USA  Only the one they pick yp local did not come close to the one sent in by the company ,  After taking it apart they found it was no were close to the Radar units selling across the US and the scam did not work as the auto maz told the who story,  And that was priceless
You tested the entry level viofo and it still smashed the rest, they do a much higher end model with much better sensors. Perhaps an additional 'extras' video comparing the base with the top model. Do you get what you pay for (8mp starvis 2 vs 5mp starvis etc)
These names are killing me 😂
I appreciate the review but as other comments have hinted at, you don't seem to have went too deep into the dashcam community. Viofo brand has been the standard for "quality video" for a very long time. It just felt like your selections for inclusion into the video were a bit too random. But honestly, after you said in the first sentence that "a dashcam is only as good as the quality of the camera" I knew it was gonna be sketch.😅   It's pretty commonly understood that people new to dash cams have this sentiment and as you wade in more you realize other things start taking priority (longevity, power management, temp control, file management, etc).  Bravo on the video though, I know the level of editing that goes into something like this is insane.
I hope that you tested them for high temperature durability
That was good
I been using this UKG branded dash cam i bought from amazon over a year ago. Summer and winter(sub-45 celsius weather), it works perfectly. 1080p quality. I think it was worth about $80 canadian. Although you may have to buy a separate SD memory card, i suggest you get about 256gb for about $35, its more than enough🎉🎉
GOT DAWM IM GOOD! Picked the best camera over 2 years ago. Research does wonders, folks! Don't go cheap! Read reviews! Watch videos! PF is far from the first guy to do dash-cam reviews, there's plenty out there, and that's what I based my purchase on. (years ago) and to see *this* video show my choice (Viofo) is still the best in the market, I'm very, very, very happy!
This was perfect for me as I have been looking for a dash cam for my SUV! Viofo seems to have a dedicated following so it's nice to see that backed up by a reliable creator like PF!
So the other day I bent a very quality oil filter wrench trying to remove a hydraulic filter. Would you do a comparison of slip jaw, band, and socket removal tools?
I have a Viofo! The exact one you have in the video!
I HIGHLY recommend a dash cam. Sadly I believe they are all using outdated technology/ hardware and the main differences between them comes from the software and features. That being said I still highly recommend getting one. Personally I use a front and rear facing but if I did Uber/ Lyft it would definitely have a cabin facing feature too and I would turn on the audio recording feature. I have thankfully not yet needed the camera for my own proof/ witness of events but I have stopped and provided contact information for those involved in accidents that my cameras captured so they can reach out to get files. Hopefully that has helped them get a fair settlement/ prevent rates from going up because your insurance provider is only there to protect their bottom dollar. Taking care of you just happens to be a contractual obligation they will try to get out of every time for as minimal cost as possible.   Also, for whatever its worth I never use the GPS feature to watermark speed, I dont record my cabin audio and I wont release my footage unless I want to. All of that falls under the 5th amendment. (I'M NOT A LAWYER) I'm also pretty sure the only way I can be forced to release footage is by court order. Also, by design these cameras overwrite their data regularly so assuming my vehicle is still operational I have no obligation to preserve footage unless court ordered. Punch line is they better act fast if they want to force my hand. just whatever you do, dont go purposely deleting footage of an incident, that potentially is destroying evidence which absolutely is illegal.
How in the world they come up with these names lol
Please do one on rear view mirror cams now 😊❤
Always amazing thanks
garmin vs nexar. ive had both and the nexar only lasted two years before i got the garmin mini 2. both are good but the garmin is my favorite in terms of use and quality
This was a badly needed test.  Thanks.
I would DEfINITELY like t see reviews of in-ear digital temperature thermometers. Maybe throw in a few of those cheap digital-on-a stick ones for fun.
How about a test of vinyl protectant, like 303 vs Collinite vs Meguiar's. Something I would love to know what works best.  Thanks
Please Do a Review on Portable Shavers, Cordless Shavers that we can use at home on in the Car.  Like usb charging or Lighter based charger.   Thanks.  Look forward to seeing how you pull that one off.
can you run your dash cams strictly on "interval recording" mode? 100ms 200ms 500ms etc...? what's the difference between regular recording and interval recording option?
The one test you did not run how much heat can it take your over all winner  can take 156 degree of heat. I bought two 400 dollars dash cams and they died as soon temperature the  113  degree they died . replace with a brand that also take heat well and cold.
That's crazy, I was just wondering about dash cams because we got In a collision last month. Appreciate the info!
Do home security cameras next!
I'm looking at mostly higher end (function doesn't always follow price) cams, so the biggest things for me are a parking mode which highly suggests an integrated rear cam, and a good app interface.  I'd rather it be more stealth, so no screen is fine, but a slick mount point is desired.   Fitcamx is one great example, but ... I'd like to see others.   This was a very good review for the functions offered.
Buen trabajo amigo From Chile
Portable/Mini Freezer Review?
I have a Rexing gps 4k dash cam, would like to see it compared too
You should compare soldering guns.
I've yet to find any dashcam that performs as well as my Sony FX6. Once I set it up, I've never gone back to traditional dashcams.
Excellent video!!! This was very helpful 👏
Thank you as always for your thorough reviews. Seeing this reminded me of secuity cameras. Have you done a video on those (I couldn't find one).
Great set of tests! Thanks
Please Please Please do Police Speed Detectors!
I got the sylvania pro for 6 bucks on the advanced auto clearance. Immediately sold it lol I didn't like it
My ears hurt
BECAUSE OF YOU THEY ADDED  A PROMO CODE: PROJECTFARM save 5% and they have a coupon for 15 bucks off (EDIT: this is for the VIOFO, sorry I got excited forgot to put the brand haha)
Awesome! i asked a few weeks ago about this and you did it! thanks bro! youre the very best! Could you try on the cheap chinese tires?
Next time I see someone with 10+ dashcams on their vehicle I will definitely think of you. lol, great video.
Hi Todd, suggestion - led headlamps are completely out of control, all different levels of blinding, laser-like piercing...maybe you could test various headlamp bulbs, find a led that isn't designed to burn oncoming drivers eyes out, lol. Thanks!
Could you do a review of pump garden sprayers? I want max range. For a medium sized tree.
Awesome. Thanks.
I have a 2024 GMC pickup, I has no plug in like a cigarette lighter plug, Wonder if there are any out there that use a USB plug for power?
A lot of dash cam brands claim 4k but they use a 1440 or even 1080 sensor then upscale to 4k so basically we have 4k at home 🤣  I bought a Viofo that came with a rear camera & have been super happy with it.
Where and how can I receive this information without having to listen to you yelling like a fool being chased?!?
I’d like to see a video on different water softener salt pellets. One 40lb bag can be $7 and another $40.
I’ve been using the newer VIOFO A229Pro that has the rear as well in a gmt800 for just about a year. Since I have the topper I mounted the rear close to the center of the 8’ topper so it actually captures more peripheral action out of the side windows. Seemed to be the gold standard from most reviews so just wanted to add that I’ve been happy with mine. It runs off my auxiliary battery for parking mode. I contacted VIOFO who gave me a significant deal on the longer cable to run to the back of the bed.
Did you do one on scratch awls and nail pullers? I am having to buy all the tools again that  I had collected over the years.
I’ve been waiting for a real dash cam comparison video for a long time. Well done! Thank you so much!
What's happening here is that the sensor output is being upscaled. Upscaling is notorious for creating artifacts, which here creates the grainy resultant images. If they had used a proper sensor, the image would be a LOT more clear. Coupled to a random image processor, you're going to get exactly what you see here - varying capacities of clarity and light metering. Thanks for the video!
I use the Rove R2 and really like it.
I love the way you review.  Subscribed!
I'm looking for some new tin snips so I looked to your reviews and didn't find one.  Can you do a review of snips for us?
I bought 3 viofo and all 3 ended up with the same problem after a few months.
Any thoughts on the Rexing brands? From anyone's perspective. Did you review any of them in another video, possibly? Both Wolfbox and Rexing have Mirror mounted cams. Do you have any thoughts?
most don't last that long
Well, glad I bought the Viofo lol. Most of them have similar sensors and just have different shells.
I have a VIOFO in my sedan (a 300). I chose it because it was one of the smallest, and I could "hide" it along the top of my windshield. Having a cam visible is just another reason to get your car broken into.  It also survived a sub freezing winter, a plus.
Awesome work as always
Try talk slower
After finishing the video there are definitely some other popular brands missing but there is 1 big thing that should have been mentioned with the red tiger (i've used that brand before) and the redtiger you have to manually turn on the wifi every time you want to open your phone app to download footage, there's no setting to have it turn on wifi when the device turns on like other dashcams. And I'd be interested in seeing where garmin and 70mai land with multiple price points on this chart because some of them I've personally used beat out that redtiger so I'd love to see this list expanded on in the future if possible
I had a Rove at first, and when I needed to retrieve information, I couldn't because I couldn't remember the password. So I bought a red tiger.  Personally, I think that red tiger is easier to retrieve information from.
My air die grinder just died. Do a cordless die grinder comparison for future please.
Is it worth buying 2 for the rear?
Came here to see if anything was better than my VIOFO yet.. still the best!
Coolcrazy really impressed me
Hey Bro, I have another request for you. I am thinking it is time for a rotory tool (Dremel) showdown... There are a lot of people that still think dremel is the best... I am almost positive that there are better options. And this topic could go down other paths for bits and attachments.
It s because they all use ONE FREAKING chip/camera !
Hi, great comparison,   cuestion: how about the KAWA D10 Dash CAM 4K  with  Sony STARVIS IMX415 ? thanks
You should do a video testing air purifiers
Need new shoelaces. waiting for that video
I’ve been hoping for this one for quite some time. Thank you!
WHY NOT DO A VIDEO TESTING VARIOUS HOME CCTV SECURITY SYSTEMS LIKE LOREX ETC
lame gringos channel all cameras are made in china like always the problem is lame tube americants
@ProjectFarm Would you be able to do a video on after market backup cameras?
Normalizing these test conditions must have been a huge PITA.  Glad you went for it and you did an excellent job
Awesome video! How about a robot vacuum comparison? With  a home vs shop focus? Does a robot vacuum even exist that could clean a shop floor? I am curious! I have bought a few over the years and been very disappointed with each one.
can you test air compressor hoses?
Amazing video! Would you please do this with home security cameras!!!
Need to do a video on the best CV axles for trucks
What if the Miden is Riden with Biden? I’m serious man!
Can you test rain suits?
Listen up farmboy 👨‍🌾, you’re the best!
Not a single decent brand tested.
Can you do an ice chest video please!
There's a new chinese tools brands that are very high quality and they make all kinds of hand and power tools called INGCO and TOTAL hope you compare them with other known brands
From what I know, these companies that recycle old cell phones pull the cameras from them to recycle to these devices often. I know this, I started buying old GoPro3 and 4s off Ebay for $50 or less and using them as dashcams...I got tired of buying dashcams that were complete trash on image.
Hi Todd, its been a few years since you've done a comprehensive motor oil test.  I'd like to see your testing with some of these new oils that have come out recently.  Like the Valvoline restore and Protect, the Supertech advanced synthetic 20k mile stuff, Schaefers 9000 5w30 and a couple others I can't think of right now.  Thanks for all your hard work you put into your videos.
Great work, thank you! I use a Viofo for more than 5 years and it's a great performer. Additional points from my unit, at least: it is easily detached from the windscreen (the GPS base remains, but you can take the rest of the camera away for cleaning, storing, etc. And it also has an option for a polarizing lens that snaps in from of the camera lens, which is great for eliminating artifacts reflected on the windshield itself. Again thank you for the comprehensive research!
My F7NP Redtiger is just perfect for what I need and expect out of a dash cam. The surroundings in your videos captured look very “Peculiar”. 😊
You gotta stop releasing great videos, it's too much high quality content I can't keep up!  hahah JK Thanks! I was looking for a comprehensive one on dash cams!
Thank you so much. I've had a lot of trouble looking at these cameras and considering which is the best now I know which to buyas, the manufacturer information isn't any help. As always you're awesome. Thanks again
It would have been nice if you included some dash cams worth reviewing, like Garmin, Vantrue, Thinkware, Nextbase, and Rexing.
Does it possible to have Pipe grip pliers test? For example Knipex 41-04-250, I am looking for one to remove structed 1/4 valve in bathroom.
Robotic Mowers? Luba 2 and Ambrogio Elite seem to have best build qualities and they're boundary less
Here’s the filming locations  38°42'59"N 94°27'37"W 38°40'52"N 94°28'04"W 38°43'28"N 94°27'36"W 38°43'26"N 94°27'31"W
Nothing beats Rexing. Been using the brand since 2017. Have the R4 in all three of my vehicles. Covers the front, rear and both sides.
No Thinkware or Stinger OPSIS?
Question/idea.  Prior to reviewing more products maybe you should consider creating a website where you post the type of product you will review and ask the viewers for inputs on which make/models to review?    I love your channel but sometimes you review make/models I would never purchase.
Idea for a video: Could you please test the sharpness and longevity of cartridge razor blades? I have the feeling for example that once a new line of gilette blades comes out, they start to make the older ones worse to make you switch to the more expensive ones. would also love to just have a comparison over different brands :) Thank you so much for all of your excellent work!
You make this comparison sound more exciting than a horse race!! Thanks for putting it all together.
Why does it sound like he's reading an *AI Script* ? Very weird grammar. -1
wife and i are in the market for a dashcam, so this was perfect timing!
Project Farm, PLEASE do recip saw blades. The diablo vs Milwaukee debate needs your attention.
I have a Cansonic UltraDash Z3+. It has two cameras; one wide angle and one telephoto. The telephoto is absolutely brilliant at capturing licence plates. It can also have a separately connected rear camera. The camera uses the Sony Starvis IMX335 sensors and HDR capability for excellent picture quality.
Hi
With all the solar panels being used , would the flash of a nuclear explosion burn them out
Nicely done!  Thank you!
From watching dozens of dashcam videos on YouTube, I'd already come to the conclusion that Viofo, RedTiger, and Garmin offered the best dash cams based on video clarity. Nice to see (most of) that confirmed.  The exclusion of Garmin from this review is... interesting.
With what we pay for car insurance these days, even just liability, it makes dash cams look cheap.  What's the point of insurance if you don't have evidence of whatever happened?
I'm honestly just upset that diesel is 3.35 compared to my 4.89
Viofo stocks after this video 📈📈
My parents bought me a dash cam for Christmas. Wish I could have sent them this video. Haha
Boy, @ProjectFarm, I wouldn't have expected the dash cams to cause the need for a bandage on your thumb! Might want to move back to testing tools! 😆
Would it be possible for you to do a test comparing multiple brands of Concrete/Brick screws. Maybe even add in some resin anchors to test their strength vs. the screws too.
One important take away is that even a $30 dash cam can save you from a costly ticket & insurance hike just by showing the evidence of the accident. Slightly grainey video is better than no video. Thank You ProjectFarm!
What about the Garmin dashcams
Please do a video of smart humidifiers. I'm really torn on which to get and there isn't one recent video on YT about the most recent humidifiers.
As always, your videos are extremely well done very methodical very fair and seem not biased. I will be basing my next purchase on a dash cam based off this video. Thank you for your work.
Fantastic job!!! I've been using Viofo models for almost 10 years, and they have been reliable for me,  very good value.
I've been in the market for one of these for 3 years for my work truck. Now I can purchase your recommended product this evening. Very impressive!
Thanks I really needed this I am in the market for a dash cam.
$2.69/gal……..Crap it’s $6.50 here.  (Great video!!)
I went upmarket and got a Viofo A229 Pro. Absolutely insane image clarity
Thank you for your review. My issue with dash cams are that they make the vehicle in front of you look farther away than what they really are, So it makes it look like you had plenty of time to stop or that the car didn't cut in too close when they did. Any suggestions? Thank you!
Can you test premium 2 cycle oils for chainsaws and small engines. I have many brands such as echo, klotz, stihl, husqvarna, and walmart supertech! I specifically like there twc3 marine oil due to price! My dmall engines love that thinner oil.
I hope you can review lipo battery bags versus metal boxes. What's the best solution in the truck or in the house?
you tested the crap brands
Should do a video on best boot laces! 💪🙏👍
One thing to consider is how they perform in the summer. My viofo a139 is almost unusable when it’s too hot because it cycles between on and off
Wolfbox g900 pro attach to rear view mirror comes with rear camera 299.00 I quess be in another comparison viedo
Yesssssss this is the content   I subbed for awesome
Great show as always
Off topic but... Has this channel ever done a test to see if touching halogen bulbs with your bare fingers actually shortens the bulb's life?
Best air purifier since it's allergy season.
The fact that I bought a Viofo today, and seeing your video posted 4 days ago, just has the universe guiding my hand to the RIGHT ONE. THANK YOU!
Testing padlocks would be a great video.
That was really cool and useful info! Thanks for taking the time to test all those cameras and show the results!
Router bits.
Thinkware is what I roll with.  Great stuff
Hey, I suggest that you test battery chargers!
Staying with the same theme, how about a review of home security cameras.  The one I bought off Amazon is good, but I think there may be better.
One test you need to do is how reliable a dash camera is in a crash scenario. YouTuber lifehackster had one not record a wreck. After that YouTuber vortex radar did some testing and found some camera come off their mount or get unplugged. This can cause files not to save, get corrupted or not to be marked as an event file to not be overwritten.   One issue I’ve seen is overheating and shutting down in the hot sun. A dash camera is worthless if you can’t count on it to record when you need it the most.
Makes me wonder what the margin of error within one model might be. If that's a big number, maybe the results would not be reproducible. It's amazing we can buy all this stuff for pocket change. Thank you Project Farm...this must have been a lot of work.
I'm not saying this to be mean, but I found your cadence pretty irritating, and I had to stop watching halfway through. Maybe I'm more sensitive than others, but it couldn't hurt to reevaluate. All the best!
We are in a world everything becomes madecin china 😅😅
omg the voice lol
You're doing an incredibly invaluable service for all of us.
My wife has requested a pillow comparison video.
I'm a very long time watcher, mechanic of 20 plus years, I'm in the market for a high quality tailpipe expander. I've broke many different brands over the years. Can't find a good one yet.
Can you please do a wireless carplay video
Excellent video. Thank you.
Thank you I am Now done putting off buying a dash cam.
Thank you. Very informative.  Please also do include the field of view aspect in your next video.
Can you review car/4x4 spotlights
Project Farm..... You are DA' BOMB!!! What others would take hours presenting to the short span-attention audience that is Youtube nowadays you make it available fast, quick and convenient with no breaths in between. Thanks for your time and dedication.
I wish there was an American company on top🤔
Its 2025 and there's no dash cam that can show license plate whole moving at like 60km lol, unless you're tail gating
Thanks so much World Peace
Anyone know why dashcams will start to not record over the oldest clips after the SD card is full?  Several of mine started doing this after a year or so...the workaround is to format the card when I notice it's not recording due to being full.
I haven't heard of any of these brands. How come a Nextbase camera wasn't tested? I'm not saying it's better but it's a much more well known brand.
Viofo is awesome the only bad thing about it is the app is glitchy sometimes and the wires are ridiculously long … shops charge over 200$ to install them and tuck the wires in the trim of the car
Love your videos! Always looking forward to new ones. You should do one on work boots/safety shoes. Comfort durability and toe protection.
Strong horse racing vibes
Have you tested drill bit sharpeners
Strongest nail gun nails are they all the same? Do brands and size differ? Do shanks differ ring, screw ir smooth? DeWalt vs Paslode vs all other
People in CA are crying over the fuel prices.
Amazing job! Great comparative. Thank you!
In Asian market, have a look at DDPAI N5 Dual Radar Dashcam powered by OBD2. I have one and personally I think it's the best dashcam in the region right now.
I'm in search of a home security camera. Is there an impending test?
I really could have gotten more out of this video if you'd used "The Chipmunks" for the narration.  Even the second time thru at a .75 playback was torturous.
I have said it before, but here goes ….. Why are you SHOUTING all the time, you rush through everything as if there is not tomorrow, your content “may” have had merit but after a few minutes I had to switch off to retain my sanity.
Can you do a video on mirror camera
I still hoping for a robotic lawn mower review. I’m not buying until I see a review from you.
Awesome videos thank you. How about reviewing automatic chicken coop doors. I’ve bought a couple of ones that are junk
Speaking of dashcam how about testing inspection scope or bore scopes?
Who makes the dash cams for cops?
Awesome review. You da man, keep up the great work.
Is this your normal speaking tone, fella? I hope not.
you should find the best steam cleaner next!
Hello 911, there's a guy in a Suburban driving up and down the street, looks suspicious 😂. Great review
Not impressed with ANY of them. Great comparison video, though.
How about a video about smoke detectors? Which one is best in real life residential situations etc?
Thank you for this review. It is very helpful!
I am quite bewildered about which 12v lithium/LiPo battery charger is best.  I've searched your previous videos but no joy.  Please consider this topic as these batteries are rising in popularity in uses such as boat motors, RVs, and running pumps. Many thanks for your fair reporting on so many helpful products.
Security camera for suv 360 camera
Thank you doing all that work.  I need 4 dash cams.  I'll try out the VIOFO
I wish I had a picture of your windshield with 10 dash cams attached at the same time.
I just bought the Viofo after this video! Thanks for the vigorous testing you do to test products.
all look like shit
I have DoHonest Dashcam GPS (front and back) , $65 , record in MP4, works great,,,do not miss of recording once started. Everyone should check your dashcam regularly, sometimes it did not record and be prompted to replace that dashcam right away!
Can you do a video on transfer tank fuel pumps? It seems like fill rite is not as good as it once was..      THANK YOU for saving us tons of money!!!!!!!!
I have a VIOFO A119 Mini 2 and love it.
I had that Viofo cam. I loved it. I stopped using it because I thought it broke but I later found out that it was just the sd card.
I have the VIOFO 4K dash cam that has rear camer and after about 8 months it stops working turns on randomly goes on off by itself feels super hot warranty expired they said I can ship it to them and pay a small fee for a replacement
These are ALL garbage.  Why waste the time to test and mislead people.    Ignorance is also a crime.
incredible resource
Viofo was clearly the best, but it only has a front facing camera and it doesn't have an included SD card. Coolcrazy and Red Tiger both have front and rear facing as well as included SD cards, but Coolcrazy's SD card is 64gb while Red Tiger's is only 32gb.
If I’m not mistaken my viofo 4k has the option to run a rear facing camera. You possibly tested the older model ? I’ve installed a few of these in family members cars and they are great and I’m happy with the results of your test as I just decided on the brand because a friend had one in their car and it looked simple enough for my taste so I just ran with it. Glad it turned out better than I thought! My personal opinion about them is they still aren’t clear enough for reading plates in real world situations but if an accident occurs atleast you have a clear image of which car was in the wrong. But I wouldn’t bet on any of these picking up a plate of a car that just smacked you driving fast and fleeing the scene of an accident
SUGGESTION!  Do Infrared thermometers 😊
Been awhile since I jumped on here, so my apologies if you've already done so, but have you ever reviewed tires? Specially, something like Jeep Wranglers vs Falken Wildpeak vs Achilles and finally Hankook (winners of several Red Dot Design Awards)?
I love your reviews. They have influenced me on probably everything that is relevant to me directly.
Thanks
How about testing which outdoor cameras are the best? With the rise of crime in our society more and more people are going to want to buy cameras to watch their house, but may not know which one to get. How about testing that?
This is the first time running into your channel and the video was spectacular. Great job. Very informative. Definitely earned my sub.
TLDR: You get what you paid for
absolute legend this guy is.   doing the work of thousands of men in ever video!!!!    We commend you sir for your extreme contribution.
You should do a video comparing cat litter.  Theres many types and little go on besides whats said on the outside of the box or word of mouth.  And auto cat boxes would be a good combo video. :)
I was hoping to see some brands like Vantrue and Rexing which are bands i am using/have used in the past. Nevertheless, good info as always!
Best dash cam is in Tesla with 10 camera included :-)
Thanks for this test.   Thumbs way up.
Love it! I have kept from buying one b/c reviews are all over, I guess I know what I need now!
What about 4 camera 360 coverage systems with audio?
I can't understand half of what you say.  Slow down!!!!!
Very informative, well done, kudos to you!
I’ve been using the Rove r2-4k forward only cam for years and years in a commercial dump truck. It’s been great
Thanks for all that work - much appreciated.
Thank you for all your hard work putting this together.   Out of all the dash cams, I've only heard of Viofo.   I heard Garmin had a nice one.
I just ordered a VIOFO dash cam. I had one but didn't like the way it worked. Thanks for helping me out!
You should test radar detectors!!!
Awesome job on this project! Thanks for the hard work. How about motorcycle dash cams, if I can called it that? Not sure what’s in the market and I would love to see a reliable review on it. Thanks once again for your videos.
This whole video, i was thinking damn looks like i'm going Viofo, but when i got to the end with the chart, looks like they only give you the 1 camera whereas the others that did really well like Coolcrazy have both front and rear recording. So guess i'll be grabbing that one.
No thinkware to review ?
I greatly appreciate the time you took to make this video as i'm in need of a dash cam and this video is pure perfection for that.   But i gotta say i did get a laugh at your voice inflection point and how it was constant throughout the video where you'd inevitably go higher pitch when explaining the different camera results lol.
I'm missing the 70mai, I'm using one of their cameras and I'm impressed with the quality
Being born with an umbilical cord was fine but now that every has too many cords is too much these days
I'm pretty happy with my Viofo A129 Pro Duo.
Imagine my joy when I clicked your link and it took me to a camera I already purchased previously based on my own research. Now that's confirmation! I will be buying a second one for my truck!
As with most products, it appears that the more special features there are, the less quality you get with its main purpose.
Theres 2 brands thats popular in my country, 70mai and Ddpai... hope you can test them out if u can
So much scam with these cameras if you consider a 4k profesional sensor like in iphone 16 pro is only 5$.
Holy f$ck, does this guy sound hysterical or what!!??
Respect, admirable work
Awesome Video as usual, I've been looking to get a dashcam for a while now but with so much garbage on amazon its hard to know what to choose, thanks for making my life easier, Viofo it is, now here  is my question if you see this. that Viofo is the A119 v3, is the A229 the upgraded verion?
Damn I wish I had your video/comparisons a few months ago… but I’ve gotta buy another soon anyway so hell yeah! Thanks.   I just couldn’t afford a damn blackvue or wolfbox for every vehicle so I went with a 70mai instead of viofo the first time mainly so that I could at least completely disable the wifi + BT when not needed for security/privacy reasons.   It’s been pretty solid, sleek/small, and does what I need it to at a decent price. Hope to upgrade eventually though. Viofo was definitely the one to beat but I didn’t like that it seemed many models were supposedly unable to fully disable/edit wifi+BT which was a big deal for me.  Wish you would’ve added 70mai to the list.
Very good video & I am buying a camera & VLOFO is what I will buy Thank you for the information
Impressive testing and results!  Thanks again for another through test & comparison!
Finally a review I have been waiting for
So... the driving scene.... did you have all of those cameras hooked up at the same time? Seeing that white pickup in every camera, lol i can guess what that guy was thinking when he saw like 7 different dash cams lol
Very thorough and time consuming review! No question that Viofo is the best bang ftb for most people.  I wonder how the expensive brands would compare.  We can't expect him to buy those oop though like consumer reports does. Most don't need the more expensive brands anyway.
It would have been interesting to see a review section on how easy it is to get the clips off the cameras without pulling the card.
Unfortunate that Vantrue didn't make it to your lineup.
Such a great channel! I love the level of detail when it comes to setting up objective and consistent tests!
Now i want to know the Action Camera version. 🙏  I know who's gonna be the winner but still i want to know less price yet more quality product for my budget.
How about a video on modular tool box systems like the Milwaukee Packout? Test things like durability, weight capacity. Ability to roll over obstacles/uneven ground, ease and strength of attachment, and number of options and modules available.
Soon phone test
best channel. what about a comparison for cameras for moter biks electric bike and scooters can even be useful for joggers and runners. go pro seems like the most commen but pricey and cheaper ones seem to cut off videos often.
These cams are probably all from China. Hope you have included brands that are not from there.
If the SUV is rocking, don't come knocking.
This is a useful video. I like it how you got straight to the point and testing the cameras.
@project Farm It would be great to see a review of garden Loppers anvil / bypass and maybe even pruners/shears. Especially including Swiss made Felco often recognised as industry leaders
I had 3 Viofo A119s the past 8 years. All of them are the Capacitor version because I'm worried about the battery under heat during summer. They all don't like to start when its like 20F outside, it will keep turning on and off, on and off...  until it warms up then start working normally. Haven't noticed similar problem under the heat while I was in Huston, TX area.  Maybe next time to a Freeze test.
You know, there's was an enterprising person that purchased all the abandoned incipient parts destined for DMC in Ireland. You can - right now - purchase a brand new OEM DMC-1 DeLorean with an improved, modern engine for around $30k. They are everywhere in LA.
Lost the will to live with that voice after 3 minutes,
Great job !
What the heck are these cameras? This is damn bad in my opinion, for every one of then, but maybe just to capture a accident could be enough? I don't know, it bothers me hahaha
Can i use a old android fone as a dashcam,,,?
These people out here using 15 year old cam technology
Dashcamtalk has been recommending Viofo for years. That's what I buy. They know what they're talking about on that forum. Nice to see Project Farm's test confirm this.
This just shows how much of a scam these dash cams are.  Probably better to buy a (older) gopro
Considering that window-mounting is not allowed in some states, an important aspect would be the stability of video footage and vibration resistance of the bracket for attaching on the mirror mount.
This guy puts more work into his videos than most people put in their career.
I wish you would have put them in the freezer and oven to see if they hold up in cold and hot climates.
As popular as they are, I wish he would have included a Garmin.
16:45 Here's how to tell if your LED sign was made by Tony
Do aluminum tape next.
I use Viofo A229 Pro which has a rear camera. Other models of Viofo also has a rear camera.
There's an insanely better world of dash cams out there once you actually crack open your wallet. You can even pronounce their brand names! But I guess there will always be a market for cheap chinese junk like this stuff.
VIOFO is built terribly though. Theyre AUKEY rebranded. Its the same model design as their former most popular Dashcam before they were busted by Amazon for fraud/scam products. The camera lasted about 6 months before it died. Many reviews indicated as much.   Uber/Lyft drivers love PRUVEEO 360 cams. Best coversge for insurance and police evidence
I would love to see another episode on this, as I agree with the commenters saying it’s hard to find a trust worthy reviewer.   Maybe another with this format on more “reputable” brands such as BlackVue or Garmin?   I personally would love to see tests about user experience; trying to load and download videos. Ease of phone connectivity.   I live in Australia, which is a warm-hot climate, so I’d love to know how they fair in the heat, and for the further North folk, in the cold.   How about dash cameras with upload capability and if any would successfully upload footage before being stolen/power cut to it?   Anyway, loved the video, keep up the phenomenal work!
His voice is so annoying, couldn't watch more and 30 seconds
Very well done and informative. 👍 😊
Viofo A119 V3 user since... autumn 2019, close to its release date I would say it's among the best out there
I have a video idea: Test of Air Purifier  There are many types and some don't really do what they're supposed to.
Vantrue camera nexus n5 they( vantrue) and Blackmagic also are high quality dashcam, sad you dont show those
slow down mate
Yes..i knew it. I spent a fortune on my viofo front n rear camera. Your test review really prove, it is a money well spent..Thank You.
Watching this at 2x speed was an experience. Thanks for the info!
There are dash cams designed for motorcycles and powersports as well that work for cars, I've been using one for 8 years, problem I've had is the relay tends to wear out over time causing it to permanently turn on or slowly toggle on/off
Thanks!
I have got RedTiger Dash Cams which work well. The 2nd one will be installed in the new ute soon. I also purchased their additional polarized Lens, which I will fit. See if it makes any positive difference.
I use the first dashcam you tested and it’s worse than the v200😂
Thank you so much for this review!
Can you do radar detectors
Superb, thank you
Just got my Viofo installed and happy with it.  There are a good couple of installation videos on YouTube, very helpful since the instructions included are close to worthless.  The menu setups are a bit of a pain, recommend you do that before you do the actual installation.
I think you would do us all a huge favor, and help any anxiety we have, if every once in awhile you would show yourself taking a  breath, thru an oxygen mask ! I don't know how you do it ? 👍😋
I bought the circular polarizer for my Viofo, it made the unit twice as good.
Watched this whole video and I don’t even have car. Good stuff
Fantastic informative video. Alas! Did you forget to include 2 very popular models? ToGuard and Azdome.
How about a review on rock guard\gravel guard sprays. It's such a commitment when using a product.
Do a review of  blind spot monitors.
this made me feel really good about getting the viofo. It definitely seems less fancy than the other options but was pretty obviously the best quality consistently. Unfortunately for me, someone broke into my car and stole my dashcam when they couldn't figure out how to hotwire it :/ Looks like I am getting another $114 dash cam.
I've been through several different dash cams both cheaper and nicer. I'm convinced that viofo is the the top contender for both value and performance. I bought two Viofo A229 Plus cameras and it's one of the best I've seen, even compared to nextbase. They also include the static mounting sheets to mount the cameras to the windshield so that it's removable, but yet securely attached. That's a game changer for me. I suggest having nextbase part of the testing in the future as bestbuy carries them and they have a good reputation.
Before watching this  video and knowing the competing line-up, I have the feeling that Viofo would come up on top and after watching  it to the end, was happy that I am correct. We have Viofo dashcams in all our three vehicles and the three dashcams are awesome and very impressive, If anybody looking for a dashcam, go and get Viofo. I live in Alberta, Canada and the dashcams survived worst winter and summer condition unscathed.
Awesome video! helped me choose can appreciate..... Quick question now that spring and summer is arriving can you do a video for best fan jacket and see if they really keep you cool in hot temperatures?? Would appreciate it thankx!!!
No love for BlackVue?
Its very important to mention if the camera uses a lithium battery or a capacitor as a power source, lithium batteries do not like temperature fluctuations. All cameras which are not quickly removable will die after a year or two of use if left in your car.  A capacitor is not affected by these fluctuations. My blackvue has been in my car since 2018 and still works like new because it uses a capacitor. It has withstood -30c winters and +30c summers.
Perfect timing been needing to grab a dash cam! Thank you sir not all heroes wear capes🥹🫡
another great video.  I run front and rear cameras but they are part of the rear view mirror so it blends.  I wonder if having a separate "nice" camera stuck to the glass is a theft magnet.  You're right though, that Viofo was clearly the best quality.
Great video as always but surprised there were no Garmin dashcams as those are very common!!
Big question... how do they hold up in a hot car with direct sun beating down on them in a parked car. I had two dash cams fail in the summer heat. I have been using a Cobra for a couple years now. It's still working  fine.  The adhesive holding the rear camera has failed though, but gorilla tape helps.
I have the A129 Pro Duo and I like it a lot.  That is Viofo's 4K one  (one of their 4K models).  A quick note to those buying a camera, you don't need a 4K display to view the files!  No, they don't get cropped off if on a lower resolution display!  The TV or computer will just scale it down to fit the display and it does not look bad a at all.  You would just not realize that the clip was actually 4K resolution.  The only downside of 4K is it takes up more space but H.265 (HEVC) can be enabled as a more efficient video encoding method which will still leave you with good quality but smaller video files.  H.265 is supported by a lot of modern devices.  Many newer phones will play it back or play it back with your favorite video player app and there are good free ones like VLC (my favorite).
Uggh, his voice sounds like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Lmao, Redtiger, wolfbox, pruveeo all claimed night light vision. But all 3 performed mid.
Vantrue is where its at y’all. Ive gotten my wife one and myself. The cleanest video and picture we’ve experienced
How many Red Bulls did you drink before the Review? 😂 No diss,  great video.
Another note about dashcams, in hot weather they can deteriorate, which is why temperature range is important. I've had two dashcams fail in the heat in Georgia and Texas within 2 years of use. My VIOFO is past 3 years and still holding up. The VIOFO also has a dual-camera addon.
I’ve been wanting a dash cam and could’ve benefitted from one months ago… just got the VIOFO! It’s awesome. Super easy to get going too. Thanks project farm!
I have 3 rove and really like it, I needed the speed display
This video must have been a lot of work to put together. Excellent job Project Farm. 🏆  Suggestion- Test handheld GMRS walkie talkies. They make some pretty outrageous range claims that I’d like to see you investigate. 👀
Linus tech tips reviews for webcams is also a great perspetive for others looking!
I’m surprised you didn’t test the FitcamX which is well known also along with the  Viofo
I” was not paid to sell you shitty products” ahh video.
We really need a pry bar contest. Preferably with the 42-in pry bars. Most all competitors have those including the new Milwaukee one. That will really show the strength. And we really need to know.
VIOFO would be perfect if it came with a rear camera, I'm leaning more towards Redtiger
This channel is Great.
Van Tru.  Is that a brand?  Seems like that is one that a lot of folks get.  Thanks for the great content.
I have wolfbox does good job, better than the honda factory camera for my honda 2021
I had one for 3-4 years now and I would definitely recommend investing in this one I had a an accident recently and it didn’t record shit but previously it did can’t really cheap out in these
Some years back I did research on a dashcam.  After many reviews from people such as yourself, I ended up with a Viofo V119 V.3.  I love it.  The darn thing can see better than me at night.  If only I had that Staris in my eyeballs.
I just got a nexar powered one from Wal-Mart that has gps and wifi on clearance for $40. It detects hard braking and creates a report that you can share with your insurance if you're involved in an accident.
Now do a review on Mirror Dash Cams as these are super higher end with touch screen 10" to 12" size rear-view mirrors with front 4K and rear cameras at 2K recordings.  Not only are these better but because they blend very well with the OEM rear-view mirrors when they are slapped on to them as opposed to these obvious dash cams in this video that are very prone to thieves breaking car windows just to steal these dash cams!
I always said, if the dash-cam exceeds in the night with clear fast moving accuracy images then it will be excellent during the day recordings!
Would love to see one for uber drivers with an interior camera. Also some of the more expensive brands would be cool. I have my eye on the Vantrue which has 2 cameras that can move.
can we get a fuel tank sealer comparison  lol will prolly already have it done but id still watch just to see that i picked wrong
Viofo is ordered and on the way to the door. Thanks for hitting it out of the park once again.
Thanks, I needed this
I literally was just looking at some now lol
You obviously think these tests through and do a great job of planning and executing them. Your editing and data collection are excellent as well. It’s a ton of work and we appreciate it!
Viofo is awesome! I've been using them for the past 2 years, but i use a better version.  I use  VIOFO A139 PRO 2CH First 4K HDR Front and Rear Dashcam with the Newest Sony STARVIS 2 IMX678 Sensor. It's 1, 2 or 3 channel. The other 2 can be bought as package or separately later. Has lots of settings, 5G WiFi, GPS you go can control the frame rate and even parking recording has tons of options. I only run mine at 2K because it's still really sharp and that way it doesn't take up as much space on my SD card that way I have a longer record to go back if I need to see footage. Make files a lot quicker to download too because they can get quite large at 4K. 5 minutes intervals on 2k 60 frames is slightly over 1GB. You can also control the recording intervals like from 3 minutes to 10 minutes.
Day 1 of asking for a “Best Bible Review” 🧡
i wish you woulda showed a nexar
Tbh, I don't need video quality to be excellent. It just needs to show what vehicle did what, for insurance purposes. More important to me is the user interface, how reliable the device writes files to the SD card (one I bought last year seems to have an error booting up every 30 or so uses), and mounting hardware (ie. Cable length, the ability to remount to a different position). I know that's a bit difficult to measure quantitatively, but that's more important than video quality, as long as the low-light video quality isn't potato.
How about a review of wireless backup cameras.
Have you ever done a video on “item finders “  AirTags? Tiles ? Eufy,etc I’m really wondering about the depth effectiveness  of them all.
Thank you for taking the time to make this video! I watched a bunch of similar dashcam review videos around two years ago and my findings were that Viofo was the leader then, so I bought one. After around two years of using it in my daily driver, I can confirm that it's been fantastic and the only brand I would buy again for my other vehicles.
I just installed a Redtiger that I got for Christmas!  Glad to know it performs well!
This is such an important video for buying this product , such definitive comparisons of so many brands and all packed into less than 20 minutes , thank you Project Farm! ! ...
Always impressed with the novel techniques you create to test these products. Thanks for sharing.
I just use a old Samsung s9 with a dash cam app and a custom box i made. Honestly i find the quality 100x better then any dash cam i had before.
Please test GKU D600
I'd like to see how Viofo compared to more expensive brands!   Excellent comparison as always!
Thanks for the comparison. It really helped me decide.
Can you please compare more expensive models and up to date ones? I've gone through a few cameras myself. So far I've loved my Wolfbox G900.
Thanks for the comprehensive vid. Im totally here for this level of autistic information.
You sir are the KING of reviews, any kind of reviews...the hard work you put into these reviews is INSANE.  I'm very glad you listen to your viewers and review "the best of" product category!
Please test 70mai A810 or any other from 70mai (with HDR) and you will really impressed!
Nice video! Can you make a video of dash cams that have cabin view too and if possible stealth view. Thanks.
thanks for another well done video.....time to buy a telescoping ladder, how can I do that without a video from you?.....
I love your videos and trust your recommendations, but for this video I wish you included brands like vantrue, which is the industry leader in my opinion. As well as garmin and xiaomi.
I would like c u test corrosion x which is a brand anti-corrosive spray self-healing along with others similar products just to see what the best is to use on my boat that's on saltwater I appreciate it if you get it to it and I also appreciate your channel because it's awesome I watch it all the time
Air purifiers would be a great thing to test
I remember watching a similar review over 5 years ago, maybe from this channel, and it is pretty bleak to see the extremely poor performance, still. For the license plates especially. That is a SHORT distance. This makes it feel like we're not living in 2025 yet..
@lifehacksters Viofo failed during a crash though. It failed to record til after the impact
Thank you for all the amazing videos!!! You the man!
The most honest channel! Your work is greatly appreciated.
You are really providing a great service with this channel 👏 I hope manufacturers are paying attention and tightening up. I like this even better than Consumers Reports 😊 May you live long and prosper 🫡🖖 Excellent idea for a channel, and I really like the way you test things out.
@projectfarm can you do a video on electric scissors please
if possible, please review 4channels dash cams. i'm under the impression of the quality of the front footage is compromise when more camera were use simultaneously. if it is the case, which 4channel dash cam would be best? thanks.
Man I was really hoping youd show a clip/still of your vehicle with all 11 dash cameras set up in it! 😅 must have been quite something for anyone going by to see 😂  One very minor critique I would give is that I would have mentioned explicity and shown that all the cameras were mounted on the window at the same time and shown a proper camera clip of the drivers view to contrast to the dashcams, just for the sake of clarity and full transparency. While most viewers probably would have figured it out themselves, i feel like this would have been valuable for the viewer. In most of your other videos you do a stellar job of making sure the product being tested is visable at least at some point in the test. Having that short clip where you see them all recording would just add that extra layer of legitamecy and integrity to your tests so there is no doubt the conditions were the exact same!   Thank you for the fantastic review! This truely was the best dashcam comparison I have ever seen
NAH... MY 🔥 💥 GARMIN X310 💥 🔥 DASH CAM 📷 COOKS ALL THESE OFFBRANDS. GARMIN IS LITERALLY LIKE THE MILWAUKEE OF ELECTRONICS RIGHT NOW... 💪 TRY ANOTHER REVIEW VIDEO WITH BIG NAMES!
Man , the voice and the tone drives me crazy , like a robot  !!!
Maybe a 3d printer review?   There are plenty of YouTube channels, but maybe pick like 4 or 5 printers at $500 and $1000 (or close to those price points) and compare prints of various brackets and mounts (3 to 5 prints) using the default settings for those printers using 3 common filaments like PLA, ABS, PETG and maybe carbon fiber (swap out as desired or from community feedback). Measure the average room temperature over those prints (in case of poor heat retention from the enclosures), the amount of particulates in the air (especially for stuff like ABS), wear on the nozzle and or drive gears (estimation of common wear part life cycle), energy consumption (measuring efficiency of the hot end and heated bed), and maybe a subjective assessment of their software. Its less for a technical review of a printer and more of a practical use for people who primarily just download existing models for various projects (mounting brackets, car part fixes, furniture modifications, etc) and aren't really into doing their own design work and just need the printer to work as is. Would also be really fun to see some printers run off a generator!
you should also compare the $150+ dashcams. the high tear ones
On the tech side of it, Linus tech tips did a dashcam review a few years ago and discovered that almost all - if not all - dashcams use the exact same video processing chips which explains why there's so little difference in camera quality. The differences are almost all software side.  To me the dashcam market seems rather scamy. The products themselves are what they are but the marketing around them is all BS.
Look forward to a Part 2 with Vantrue and Axon Fleet. :D
Thank you for this one in particular. I've wanted to get a dash cam but didn't know which ones were actually good and didn't want to waste money.
I had 2 Viofo A119s (Front & Back) in my Toyota Camry. When I sold the car, I kept the dashcams and they’re now on my new car. It’s 9 years now & this is the best bang for the buck car accessory I spent money on!
I have a Kingslim very good dash cam. Over you budget.  I'm really shocked you didn't include 2 best brands to demonstrate the difference
I've had the Viofo 129 Plus Duo (which is the dual channel version of the A119 V3) for a year now, so far no issues. Added the CPL filter as well. I've had the Rove R2-4k before it and the Viofo blows it out of the water in terms of video quality and reliability.
My advice is to check if the dash cam make some interference with radio head. I take out mine because my radio FM became unusable!
I am 100% sure there will be products with a PF Approved label in the future.
If you do dash cams again can you add the VIOFO A229 Pro?
You can get the Viofo with a rear camera. I run one in my car.
did he explain why he didn't include vantrue
I have a viofo and it's good
Sir....i can't tell you how useful your channel is. If I could only have 1 channel, this would be it. Thank you so much. I was thinking about buying a dash cam and got so exited when I saw you did a review. Please keep up the excellent work.
Thank you for the show down. I've been thinking about getting a dash cam.
I want 720p@120FPS encoding in h264 at 10Mbps 😅
Just love the details you supply on your reviews but can you get another presenter or a voice over. Your voice is just.....ugh!
These are all pretty trash lol
Thanks for the review.  I recently switched to a Type S T400 AI-Powered Driver Assistance 4K Dash Cam with ADAS, Collision Warnings, Lane and Pedestrian Detection, Vehicle Departure Reminders, Front Rear Smart Incident Video Surveillance, SD Card.  The AI functions and car/lane detection are great!
Excellent review!!!   Thanks a lot>>>>.   I know I can trust this review.
Todd doing God's work over here
Would have been interesting to also compare them to something like a GoPro as well to see the difference, even though that would be significantly more expensive.
I've purchased the Rove2 and I'm very happy with it. I noticed a lot of Ubers use it and use the rear camera to record passengers.
I use my gopro hero 8 black
6 ads in 18 minutes!
How about how hard are they to install?
Viofois the only reputable brand here. Edit: that’s not true Rove has a decent reputation too actually
Product test suggestion: artificial deck materials like Trex!
Awesome results, gonna have to pick one of these up
I've been looking for a good dash cam to replace my current one that doesn't capture license plates at all! Thank you very much!
Video suggestion, the best bathroom mildew cleaner
Linus Tech Tips - "Almost EVERYONE is Wasting Money on Dash Cams." All you need to know.
I have been using Rove Dash Cams for years, and I love it. Their parking monitor never disappoint.
Who thinks of the names for these things?
4:35 that’s lots of claims!
I have the Viofo A229 and hate it. It does not come with an SD card and I really think they have it setup to throw errors if you try using anything other than their brand which is every expensive. It automatically tracks your MPH which you cannot turn off. The screen will not stay on. The footage will not sync to your phone. You have to manually re-connect your phone each time. If you phone is connected and you access the app, the camera stops.
we need a proximity sensor video
Best vacuum sealer, and refrigerator.
Ive used a few expensive ($300+ dual camera) setups before, and I currently have a Viofo A329 4k 60 + 2k 30fps ($450+!!! but goes on sale for 390 on amazon) in a wish list. Not to mention a few triple cam setups by them and competing brands.  I'm glad to see that the older lower end version still outperform most of the competition with their STARVIS sensor, as it eases my worry about going balls to the wall with the dashcams.
I can’t believe you didn’t include Rexing. It’s the most sold in big box stores
Happy to say that I bought the Viofo under $100 a few minutes after this video dropped, Was able to clip a coupon on Amazon as well!
Get an ovaman over the coolcrazy if you were thinking it, they are the same, but with image processing on the coolcrazy, they ruins objective image sensor clarity. There are so many ways to upscale, compress, filter, etc. for free. Get all the coolcrazy without the added price by not being a <85iq troglodyte.  Happy to see VIOFO end up the winner. In the video, it was definitely the best of the bunch from the first test, and was the best in all of them. Not even subjectively, where it lost was due to post processing done on the product end. VIOFO did none of that, and gave the best product. Seeing this is gonna get me to buy one. That "3" for the roadsigns crossroads was a joke
The test that is needed is which dash cam lasted an entire summer in a 140 degree car before it melted or crapped out. I would pay good money for a dash cam that actually lasted for years without having to buy police level in car cams.
I am very excited for this video. I've been using the Viofo for a while now, lets see how it measures up  Edit: It's performing just as well as I thought it would. Very proud to have been using it for years
Picked up a Wolfbox G900 4k front 2.5k Rear and just can't say enough good things about this model.
Informative, it really helped. Cheers!
Feels like the glowing reception for the coolcrazy in a lot of tests, would be eliminated by an almost 1:1 comparison if both used the same filters for de-noise and up-scaling. Things you could do while getting your video from the dash-cam when needed. I greatly encourage the channel to notice the differences in video, up-scaling, compression, etc. It would make their reviews more honest unless this is on a "I have no knowledge of video, up-scaling, etc." kinda first impressions consumer take. This seems like it was meant to be professional though.
I have been waiting on PF to make this video!
This test is proof "there is no free lunch", good image captures must be optimized to the specific lens & CMOS hardware & that coding time & testing costs money. Everyone buying on best specs for the money gets shit dashcam image captures.  VIOFO doesn't look good on most specs, it has the best lens at a 1.4 aperture all else equal on glass coatings,  but real world performance the VIOFO has definitely been optimized for the lens!   If I absolutely HAD to get a rear camera too I'd get the Red Tiger, but these tests really show that in the world of "Made in China" rebadged & stolen IP, specs are meaningless for knowing if you'll get good actual pictures.
I just bought a utility trailer with a wood deck, what is the best weather sealing treatment for the wood? Is it polyurethane or tung oil, Thompson water seal, motor oil? Some type of epoxy or resin? I would love to know what has the best durability/uv resistance, weather resistance etc.
3:40 "best yet at 20ft" idk, the prior one was way better on youtube. The style of compression/filtering/upscaling as they lie about the resolution is nuts. The coolcrazy looks like a gameboy advance game using filters upscaled to 4k. Straight up loss of detail, muxing pixels to make something more "text readable" but worse. I would take the Ovaman in this comparison. I have a hard time respecting this review process with this comparison.
I'd love to see the more popular brands being compared. Viofo is one of those as well as Garmin, Blackvue, Xiaomi and maybe others.
I have a Viofo which has been sitting in a box for a couple of years (because it was by far the best reviewed in other comparisons).  When I was thinking about installing it last fall, I bought a Wolfbox G900 mirror camera instead.  I love that thing being built in to the mirror; it just mounted to the button on my old GM windshield and looks like stock unless you look really close.  Video quality is pretty good (similar to the one in the review, but maybe a little better?  The poliarized lens cover might help.)  But mostly I like the automatic reverse camera.  They have a new one with extra 4K bumper cameras front and rear which is definitely going on my truck as soon as it arrives. :D  Wolfbox has actually provided good support when I asked about accessories, too.
Have you ever considered slowing down and speaking like a normal human being. I never made it to the end, it felt like I was being screamed at
Great job Thx
This is me leaving a comment
So glad to see the Viofo score so well as I already own one for each of our vehicles. (Whew! We made the right call before ProjectFarm could test them!!) We do have the model with front and rear cameras for just a little more than your tested price.
TLDR: Which one is the best?
Performing 99cent better 😂😂
Suggestion still on electric impact 'ratchet' wrench.
When your wife goes by and says "We're gonna test that...........what are you buying now" you know you are a fan of Project Farm.
I always reference Project Farms before purchasing a product. Thank You, Project Farms
Video idea best boot/leather oil/conditioner mink oil? Sattle soap? Snow seal. Obernauffs used engine oil. Blue magic car leather cleaner
DDPAI is one of the biggest and best ones and sad to not see it here, they have a ton of variety
WOW!!!!!!!!!    THANK YOU, VERY MUCH!!!   FOR ALL OF YOUR VERY AMAZING PRODUCT TESTING/COMPARISON/RATING VIDEOS!!!!   AWESOME!!!!  ["SHARED"!!!]
im finally one of those "i was thinking of getting X product and Project farm released a video on it!" people
I've been thinking about getting a dash cam for so long. I'm so hyped you decided to review them because I'm so indecisive thank you sir
china really are churning out so much absolute garbage its staggering.
Thanks for the video. I’ve always wanted to do the research but always pushed it off. This is appreciated thank you
Amazing review, thanks ❤
Always love the PF studies great work as always ! Gotta love the large sampling and the thoroughness ! I have the V300 it's cheap and very compact -- not obstructive of the view and sufficient. But I wonder if (a) resolution and (b) wide wide-angle view (!) are as advertised and how they compare to others. They claim 170 deg view, I suspect it's not actually but haven't had the chance to check it.
Interesting review.
I have a couple of Red Tigers bought as open box.  They work quite well for the price, rear camera isn't as good as front, but better than nothing.
Car front window foldable sun blocker
I had a viofo and my only issue is after the second year it would either lock up or just turn itself off. Plus the angle of the touchscreen was hard to navigate when attached to the window
Nice job, sir. I believe dash cams have become an essential safety tool for cars. BTW, Viofo has several models that include rear-facing cams. I will be making a purchase.
thanks a ton i've been dreading the research I have to do to compare dash cams because theres no way to test real world performance without having them.
Just what I was looking for. Now I know what to order for both our cars. Thank you sir.
Been using Viofo for about 6 years now. Never had one fail on me yet. They just work and are great quality for the price! Got them in my whole families cars now as well.
I have only used Blackvue for about 14 years.. cant wait to watch this..  Ok after watching this I guess my $400 +  dash is WELL worth it.. lol
Oh, thank you. I'm REALLY happy I saw this one!
Please do a review of portable ac units
@Project Farm . you might want to check out 70mai dashcams.
lets get some storage bin testing! which can hold the most weight, most heat/chemical resistant, most air tight, etc.   everybody has these in their homes so lets see which are the best. theres also a decent selection of made in USA ones to boot.
Good analysis
Can’t handle that voice
Holy smokes. I just captured dash cam footage of a guy in a motorcycle crashing into the back of another car and that was the only video evidence that was available. I was so embarrassed to give them such a fuzzy ugly recording where you can't even read the license plates. I was just going into the market to find a new dash cam when this video came into existence. Insane. So thankful.
"Costs 8 dollars more ... and is performing 99 cents better. "  That was great.  :)  @Project Farm
I made the mistake of buying a walmart dashcam  never. again.
This was an awesome video! Often times the dash cams don't perform as they should on paper!
I've been on the lookout for a dash cam and had been leaning towards Viofo. Thank you for this! Do you know if the link provided will give you credit if I buy a different product on the Viofo page?
Question: what about Blackvue? Weren't they the standard a few years ago?
Just confirms what I already knew. Happy Viofo A129 Duo customer here, and both my cars have it installed. You can tell they've been doing this longer than most. The A100 series aren't even state-of-the-art but Viofo knows that it's the tuning of the sensor, lens, and video capture algorithm that ultimately makes the footage count.
I-49? Are you in Arkansas?
Can you do a video on automatic wire strippers? As an electrician they really help with fatigue, there are many different styles, I just dont know which one offers the best action, with the least resistence and the most consistent results, the irwin ones I have now are over a year and a half old but theyre on their last leg. Love the channel, been watching for years! I always check you before making a tool purchase
As an owner of 3 viofos I can guarantee that they are bulletproof in the scorching heat of the Greek summer in a black car in the sun. Also the adhesive is strooong. I had the windscreen replaced due to a gravel chipping it and after some years the sticker was still flexible an really firm on the glass. You will nor regret that buy. However make sure to buy a good microSD like high endurance etc.  @ProjectFarm Great video and detailed analysis.
The biggest issue I have with my Rove camera is that the GPS speed gets stuck at a particular speed and does not reset unless you turn off the camera.  A bit annoying, but great picture quality.
Did you do an ai voice over?
The content value of these videos is AMAZING
Good grief is there anything NOT made in China!?
$2.69...nice...we southern californians will never see that kind of prices ever again!
I found the intersection of peculiar and Main st in Peculiar MO. there is a fire station and city hall there.
Guys ALWAYS get a dashcam that has 5ghz WiFi. Transferring files wirelessly to your phone is way faster vs having a 2.4GHz connection.
Finally!!!
I felt that you were shouting at us the whole time, which makes it stressful to listen to you. Good information, but very unpleasant to listen to.
I own the VIOFO and I HIGHTLY recommend it!  If anyone is reading this, the extra money you spend, even if it's only a forward facing camera, is worth it.  The 2k 60fps could mean the difference of you getting into an accident and you having to pay for hit-and-run (provided you're not the one running away) and you getting into an accident and the police finding the perp that hit you.  All in all, just get a dashcam.  It might seem a bit silly to some, but damn do they work.
Need some higher end ones tested, 100- 200, 200- 300 range
As usual - Another very thorough review by Project Farm
Ashley Neal will be proud
I had JUST bought the Viofo, then saw you brought out this video the week after! I thought, "Dang! NOW I'll know what one I should have bought!" Well, looks like I picked the right one! ; )
Good information but I can't stand your voice.
Good data, but exhausting presentation. Definitely needs chapters.
I felt like I was being yelled at the whole time.
I’ve had Rexing dashcams before and they all failed on me, we got “replacement” cameras by the company which also failed.   We then went with Pruveeo since we liked the 4 way camera option. And all footage on the camera seemed fine. But after watching this video and comparing my own footage, it does suck that it’s performance is much lower than expected compared to other dash cams.  Viofo being the best quality dashcam was not a surprise since they’ve been dominating the field for quite some time. But I am looking for 3/4 channel dashcams and pruveeo seems to be the top dog on that. You expending quality of the cameras for quantity of camera angles.   I’ll likely purchase a viofo for front facing dash cam recording and also have the pruveeo for the 4 way. It might seem a bit excessive but I would prefer the 4 way camera to not only have front and rear but to also have two cameras for the cabin/side angles of the car. Just incase of a sideswipe. Or police traffic stop interaction.
This is the craziest test video  I've ever seen. Crazy pace, crazy amount of information, crazy tests, crazy editing. A BIG congrats!!
Great!
I've been following your channel for years and have made several purchases based on your assessments, though mostly for small consumables like rust inhibitors, rust removers, and hydrophobic coatings. However, I find it difficult to make larger purchases based on your reviews because they often don’t include market leaders. For example, why is Garmin missing from this comparison? I’d love to see how the lesser-known brands stack up against established leaders. Comparing only cheap ‘no-name’ brands doesn’t help me determine whether paying a premium for a brand like Garmin is justified.  Thank you for all your efforts!
Highly appreciated 🙏   @11:36 cool crazy is on the left and [redtiger] on the right ✅️
I wonder how many Viofo dash cams have been sold in the last two days... mine is coming tomorrow.
and xiaomi x70
Finally 🎉🎉🎉 thank you Dad!
Great job young man.
Youve deserved  a sub for awhile, this is the vid that made me go oh i really should. Great work G
Thorough
Did you have all the dashcams on your car at the same time? Lol
Would be great to have a test and a comparison of the higher priced models, too. Thumbs up for all your great work!
Scary that everything is made in china.
China always has the most ridiculous names when it comes to products
Excellent! A lot of testing. What a great job you do
Project farm… needs to make a video so that we have a place to post ideas for you.   I absolutely love your videos.   Won’t buy anything until I check the channel.    Fishing lines?   Fishing knots?
Great info but holy moly wearing headphones the audio sounds like a drill sargeant is screaming in my ears as hard as they can. Worth putting on headphones or earbuds to monitor your own voice while recording, so you don't amp it up to stadium volume.
Why didn't you test the Pioneer dashcams which is made in Vietnam?
Video suggestion: do a review for selecting the best wife...post it on April 1st 😂
Skwaking  Voice    ,    aaaaaah
Amazing video!! Thank you! I've had a Wolfbox replacement rear view mirror camera for years, and it's worked great! I'm glad I'm not missing out on much!
The are a bunch of brands that are 'official' that weren't tested here, at the very least if you re-do this one I'd like to see Garmin make a showing
We've owned three Viofos, also known as Street Guardian. My newest one is the A229 Plus. They are just awesome in every lighting condition imaginable. 4k front, 1080p rear-facing, GPS and parking monitor, with input for a third interior camera. Excellent video quality and good audio recording. I highly recommend these cameras, and for just $300 with all accessories included you can't go wrong. Thanks for doing the comparison and I'm happy my selection was validated!
I would absolutely love a video comparing John Deere's Low Viscocity Hy-Gard with other JD20D spec hydraulic fluids. $150$ is insane for 5 gallons, but I cant find any good info if the other oil truly a acceptable replacement.
For those who don't know. The sensor, and especially the resolution of it, means nothing. It's the compression in the codec that matters. A dash cam will never give you good quality images, even at 1080p, because the videos would be huge, and bandwidth to the sd card and sd card size would quickly be a huge issue (think GoPro). We to this day watch movies in the theater at only 1080p
In your 2nd subjective sharpness test with the CoolCrazy and Red Tiger side by side, the Red Tiger is noticeably more sharp and clear but you stated the CoolCrazy was.  You can see all the holes in the sign pole with the Red Tiger, but only some with the CoolCrazy.
I've always wanted to see a file tests. And the person who can test it properly and non partially is only you.... So could you please make a video of tests on different brands of hand files, rasp, chisels, planers...you know.
Camera fov is also one of the important features, wish you also compared their fov's
Thank you
I have a 70mai With 1440p resolution, it works great, good viewing angle and has optional rear camera connection
Man, try it after staying 2 hours in the Florida sun !! Try to read images from card too!!
I wish you had published this before I bought my dash cam!
Great video, as always.  I got a Viofo A119 Mini 2 a few months back to test in my car, and it's great. Luckily I haven't needed it for myself yet, but I did witness someone getting rear-ended at a roundabout 2 days ago. This poor girl had only been driving for a few days. Gave her my details and sent the video to her Dad, so it's definitely paid for itself for them !   I went back to Amazon to get a 2nd unit for my wife's car a week or so later, and the price had jumped about $30 so I went for a Rove R2 in hers. Pretty happy with that one too. Bought a Miofive S1 for the pickup, which we don't use that often and that's a pretty good unit too. The announcements on it are a bit strange at first until you get used to it though.
One of the things I found funny were how many of these items were made in China. All this talk about “making and buying American” goes out the window when profit is the number one goal.
I use Garmin Dash Cams.  They have voice camand.  I use 2, 1 for front & 1 for rear.  Easy magnetic mount for easy removable access.  I add the Colorized lense add ons.
Wow.  This video must have taken a lot of work to make.  Well done!
I've been hesitant to buy a dashcam because they're made in China,  I rather buy made in USA 💪🇺🇲💪,
The only thing that is wrong with the cameras is that it's made in China 👎,  I'd pay more if it was made in USA
Phenomenal review, thank you! The amount of work required to set-up, record and edit all these days cams must have been crazy. 😮  I have a 6+ year old Viofo dash cam front/rear dashcam. It's a 1080p set-up and continues to work like a charm.  I urge everyone to get themselves a dashcam. You never know when you might need it.
So essentially we need DSLRs on our dash
There's no other channel like this, thank you so so much for your incredible and unbiased work and effort!
Thank you so much for this review. It's quite shocking that we in 2025 can buy a camera that can't even read a number plate at 20ft.
Viofo is the only company making dashcams that perform as described or even adequately imo. The dashcam market is 99% products that dont perform as advertised for their price point or dashcams that are so cheap you shouldn't expect them to. Its insane how this big, important market has nearly no high end or mid-high end options and is mostly filled with crap
Great comparison, I've been looking for a dash cam 📷, so this is great timing.
Todd! Awesome tests and recommendations…I’ve just ordered two Viofos.
Bruh i legit just bought a car 2 days ago and am looking at dash cams. Couldnt be better timed 😄
Great comparison. But, that VOICE! By the way, I've had a Viofo for over 10 years and, except for a few minor idiosyncrasies, I'd buy another and probably will.
No one ever did this much effort… respect for the time you spent for us🤝
Amazing attentions to details in such a short amount of time! Appreciate your work :)
Your content is good, but, please, please, please drop your voice an ocatave and and don't sing your voice over.
Love your videos, you do them right!  Thank You for your help.
Linus did a great one, years ago and proved sensors used are similar if not same all across many cams regardless of price
Thanks for the video! How about reverse cameras??
outstanding video
Kudos for making the effort and taking the time to thoroughly review these cameras in real world driving conditions.  If I had an ask, it would to see how some of these cameras faired in poor driving conditions such as rain and snow.  All great review!!
Will you test Valvoline's Restore and Protect oil? It has some pretty wild claims and all the other videos I have watched don't properly test it as well as I think you would.
Give dashcams industry another few years . They are still texting them. The tests in this video do not include how the cameras performed in the rain or other weather conditions.
"viofo", which one? unlike many other on the list they are a legit brand and have quite a list of different models including 3 channel with 4k front and rear cameras (for the appropriate price of course), so it is not really a fair comparison, and yes, I am using viofo a229 myself with 4k front and 2k rear.
Thanks for the information. I now know which one I'll buy!
It’s feels nice to watch these videos and be validated for what I have, haha. I’ve used and gifted several VIOFO dashcams over the years.  PSA: Everyone, please, regardless of brand, use a dashcam. It’s cheap insurance that can literally save your ass.
Everything we had hoped "Consumer Reports" would have been and never was. They even had a huge team. Here, one man's data is always presented with pure integrity and we can trust "What the data say". Thank you for being you and providing such valuable information for all of us! You are a great American!
DDPai Z60 trust me
Dude, you missed the best of all…Alpine.
if your test pool is all the cheapest chinese knockoffs, you are going to have a bad time at this price point regardless. You need to compare it at various price points. 100, 200, 300. Not much difference sub 100, but if a cam at 300 doesnt provide substantial increase in performance, it doesnt warrant the price.
Great advice mate and thanks for the info
These dash cam put everything in their device except decent camera. These cameras quality is lower than mid range mobile camera.
So Viofo has 1440p and does better than those fake 4K ones, it is not just about resolution, but also about sensor size, noise to ratio and compression.
Please compare with more real brands instead of random Amazon junk. Viofo is the only one I recognize here, and that's still at the lower end of decent. All junk here with only one decent cam, there's so many better ones out there I'd like to see compared.
So useful! Thanks.
I liked the fact that there was a lot of factual comment.
I'm in the uk & Have the  VIOFO A119 MINI 2 All I can say is it's BRILLIANT.  Had it in my car now for 2 years.
Sure excellent video. 😂
Appreciate your work
It still blows my mind that new cars don’t have dash cams built in already. They are charging all time high prices for new cars and we still have to rely on cheap no name Chinese brands to provide us with dash cams….   How??
Thank you Pleakley
So..Viofo the best, ignore the rest?
Man, you have to chill. Your voice sounds like someone is squeezing your baubles...
lmao "E-Yigger"?!
Nice video, but you need some better cameras to compare .
I'm Just Curious About How You Mounted, And Plugged In All 11 Cameras At Once.   What Did The "Camera Mount" Looked Like ?  🤔
Your efforts are much appreciated. Instead of just reading questionable specifications or listening to a salesperson trying to fill their quotas, you have given me some place to start. Thanks again!
I hope project farm will try Nextbase dashcam.. they're the best..
As a Taiwanese, we are the country of dash cams. Nice video man
Just the review I needed. Thank you!
Finally a dash cam video that’s corny just straight forward 0:10
FACKIN HELL!! that voice, 15 seconds in and my ears started bleeding
I'm famous in The USA.
As always. Cold. Hard. Testing. Love when your vids pop into the feed, always watch at 2 times speed.  Keep up the great work <3
9:10 CoolCrazy seems sharper because that's software sharpened. RedTiger definitely has sharper image from the sensor (notice the detail in the grass which software sharpening can't recreate).
Why didn't you test the market leaders?
Viofo it is
Just imagining seeing someone drive by with 10 dashcams in their car... I would not be thinking "they must be doing science" lmao
Excellent review as always
I'm sorry, but this guy sounds like he's going through puberty the whole time. Made it hard to listen to.
wtf are those brands 🤣 dude bought 1 viofo and all the others are Chinese rebrands of one another no respectable brand in sight, not even 70mai, come onnn
I think it's about time that vehicle manufacturers make dash cams standard. If a car now drives itself. We should all have our vehicles with dash cameras. When your vehicle is damn near the price of your house. It should have every feature that helps keep you and it safe. Just my opinion.
Video idea: beat steam cleaner.
So hard to listen to this guy.
May be if you can add one more scenario to test at 45-50/55 speed limits it will help a lot as people tend to go that 5-10 mph extra speed. Thanks again
This is just video. How about ADAS and BSD? GPS/speed? Audio warnings? Voice commands?
Ive had several VIOFOs, They are hit and miss. If they have issues theyre going to have them stragiht out of the box. Most of them have withstood hot temps in the desert very well. Most of them have good image quality. The problem with VIOFO, is if youre buying newly released cameras they almost never work as advertised. It takes months/years of Firmware updates to resolve issues or correct features that are printed on the box. Overall theyre still pretty cheap for the quality but yeah theyre not perfect
The VIOFO shows a max temp of 65C (149F). Do you know if that is an operating or storage temp?  Cabin temp in texas summer can exceed that by a fair bit when parked outside. Will the camera just shutdown, or will it be damaged?
Well, this makes me happy, as everything I saw pointed me straight at viofo! BUT I don't know when you actually shot this but the "119" generation is ancient! They've had 2 generations since which are far superior. With higher resolution, Sony's multi-focal point technology from dslr's and rear cameras as an option.  That's what I bought with a hard wire kit. As a mechanic, I removed trims and fitted it with it's own proper power supply like it came with the car. Phenomenal quality!
I don't have a video idea, but I hoped and took the time to leave a comment.👍
I have a Garmin, a bit sad you didn't test that one
Shout out to the driver of the white truck during the road sign test for being able to show up at the same spot every time.
I recently bought the Viofo A329 and it really blew everything out the water.
Rideshare driver of almost 8 years. Bought a Vantrue N2 Pro 6 years ago. Forward and inside cabin facing. No regrets. These companies want to distract you with features and apps and ease of use. The only thing that matters is if the footage is useable. I'm a frugal person but dashcams are one product where you really do get what you pay for.
amazing video! been wanting to buy a camera for a long time but always put it off cause dash cams felt all the same and overpriced. Love to see the clear comparisons. Will definitely be getting one soon now
Dear God your voice is way to high in pitch/treble, couldn't listen to your vid sorry
Man, love your vids! 🔥 Super helpful since I’m looking to get a new car soon. Ever thought about doing a side-by-side floor mat showdown? Would be awesome to see which ones actually hold up best
Test 9 draw tool chests
nice review  but it would be better to rate 1 poor and 5 as excellent for a easier comparison!
I had bought multiple Viofo V3's a few years ago when LTT did his tests for me and my family, they all still work flawlessly.
I wish I could turn one of my old Android phones into a dashcam that boots up when plugged in and automatically starts recording.
Just by the vidoe that cool crazy looked to be as good or better then the viofo.
16:45 He said the thing 😁
Jee-Bus Kee-Ristt yer monotone way is GRRRAAATTIIIIINGGGG! Thanks for the review, but GOO-LEE the audio is unbearable.
I just got the wolf box g900 I love it
i chose the Viofo A229 after watching MANY dashcam clips. it by far has the clearest picture and comes with a rear camera as well.
There's something Peculiar about this video...
Omg I can’t stand his high pitch voice. Did he get kicked in the balls or something?
What about thinkware dash cams
70 mai could have been also included in the list
The Viofo does have another model with a 2k rear camera, which if accurate, is already subjectively better than the others, but also significantly more expensive, as well as if you want the 3 channel model. But the 2c model is cheaper than buying two.
im shocked u didnt put garmin in the mix theyre used alot in nearly every car
The sharpest part of this video is the pitch of the narrator's voice.
I wonder how the dashcams offered by garmin compare to these
Does any company sell a truly wireless dashcam setup where the rear and any other auxiliary cameras are connected to the main unit wirelessly? With side curtain airbags and other safety devices it’s very difficult to run a cable from the front to the back especially in SUVs. Thanks in advance.
I remember doing alot of research as to which cam to get for my dash some years ago. I ended up pickin the Viofo. I still cant believe I made that choice.
The only bad dash cam is NO dash cam... there 10s of thousands of terrible drivers and scammers out there..... i take it back.. millions
I was not aware that you live close to Peculiar. I'm from Ottawa. Me and my family hope you the best.
Unfortunately the most likely accident your dashcam will record is you running into the rear of the vehicle in front. As this type of accident is considered your fault will you be honest enough to give the video to the other driver.
Oil showdown with dashcams. Sign me up.
Happy to see Viofo at the top! Been using them for several years in all my immediate family's cars. Thankfully I only had to use footage once for a hit and run when my car was parked. Had the person's face, license plate and collision all on my A119v2. Reported it to police, gave report to insurance and they found the other person at fault and claim was put towards their insurance and so was the deductible.
Been thinking about getting a dash cam  - your video timing is unbelievably useful.
So many bad dash cams out there, thanks for this review
Lol Gemini tried to summarize   This video by Project Farm tests the performance of 11 different dash cams at various price points to see which performs the best. Here's what you can expect to see: Testing categories: License plate readability (0:10) Road sign readability while driving (7:46) Road sign readability at an intersection (10:17) Night vision performance (12:41) Light box sign readability (15:03) Key findings: Vio wins overall with an average finish of 1.3, offering excellent performance across all categories, especially night vision and readability of signs. (17:34) Red Tiger comes in second with an average finish of 2.2, offering solid performance in most categories. (17:46) Cool Crazy comes in third, (17:50) Other noteworthy mentions: Wolfbox performed well in many categories. (10:09, 14:18) The least expensive dash cams (v300 and Airace) struggled the most. (0:22, 1:06) The video concludes by recommending Vio as the best overall choice and Red Tiger as a strong runner-up.
You continue to amaze me with the detail that manage to include in your videos, thank you.
Wow this is a popular one
No mention of battery or capacitor power source OR power source longevity.
Only complaint is make about video is informing me that diesel where I live is a dollar a gallon more. Jk great video
I own the viofo mini. Its amazing.
I love how by the 25% mark I already had my pick and the rest of the video was me like watching  and rooting for my sports team "Come on, come on, you can win it all!"
Before even watching this I was hoping it was the Viofo. I’ve had a few over the years and they are fairly simple, cheap (at least at the time I bought them), designed well and always work even in years of hot/cold cycles! The wedge design is so useful to stick under the rearview mirror for unobstructed view (and to keep the screen backlight out of view at night).
I haven't watched one of your vids for some time now. Realized I wasn't subscribed, fixed that. I've been painfully doing my own research on these lately and settled on the Red Tiger. Thanks for validating my findings!
better off using a gopro or similar really.
Compare tonneau bed covers
IROAD. End of argument  😊
I can imagine the neighbours: "Jack! JAAACK! Come here! That crazy guy is doing that again, driving the same place 9 times in a row and stopping in the middle of the road. Do you think this is some sort of gang signal??"
You need to look into who actually makes the camera sensor. The Sony Starvis 2 sensor is one of the best on the market. Most the cheaper Chinese made dashcams use the same cheap sensor just repackaged in a new body.
You should do one about must have gadgets you would install on a brand new van
Great video.  It would be cool to do a high end dashcam review from the Viofo on up
Great info, really desire drive cam with wireless back up capability though.
All of theses are crap ... they have plastic lenses, you need a proper 3 element glass lens that properly aligns the blue light. A better bet than all of theses is a BT or WiFi Car DVR with 4 properly built cams, M.2 SSD storage, and at least 60FPS.
Video idea: Grip strength tester (dynamometer).  I would love to see a video comparing different grip strength testers for accuracy, max weight measurement, price, durability, and anything else you could think to test.   Love your channel! I always check your channel before buying anything in case you have a video on it. Thanks for all you do, Todd!
There’s only a few image sensor manufacturers.  Sony makes the best.  You’ll find Sony Starvis image sensors in the top cameras.  The only thing that separates them from each other is extra features.
Dude.... nice
Can you please do shower head filters next?
Can you do spray foam insulation tests?
📷
Great to find out I made a wise decision in 2021 when I bought the A119 V3. I even did a video how to install in a Subaru Forester you can watch with v=aHe6gT7dvu4
2.69 for gas.... 4.89 her in California!!
Great leg work on that one!
the one that ya never need a pc.
I own a Viofo front and rear facing camera that is hard wired into my car. I am glad every person I see review it, its consistent across the board.
what about the important part which is - video playback
Do emergency radios next
No name brands?
I havent had a car in almost a year. Just got one this weekend and I've been intimidated looking at everything out there. This is super helpful, thank you!!
I can only imagine your half your windshield being dash cams lol I would love to see the set up. Great video btw
What about heat. I live a sunny state. Which one did the best with high temperatures.
Dashcams are such a well known thing now, yet it seems so hard to find a good one.  Thanks for the hard work on this one.  I've been a dashcam user for probably 13 years now.  I started with a cheap camera and soon found out why it was cheap.  Then my uncle found the Mobius Actioncam.  It's not specifically a dashcam, but it can be made to be one with settings changes.  It's only 1080p though, but my original camera has been running and swapped into several cars as I've changed cars over the years for at least the past 12 years.  I've bought two more for my other vehicles.  For a time I had a Blackvue camera.  It had a better quality image and a rear camera, but it cost significantly more and only used Blackvue SD cards, which were notoriously unreliable.  I had two fail before I abandoned the camera and kept using my Mobius.  I believe my original camera is still using my original SD card.  I've been kinda scared to try out any other camera because I can't imagine a more reliable camera than the Mobius, but I do want higher res images.  There's been twice in the last year I couldn't read plates with it.  My thing with the VIOFO is that it has a screen.  I want my camera to be stealthy so that if someone else were to be driving my car they wouldn't notice and unplug it (mainly mechanics).  The Mobius has done fairly well with that.  So I'm still on the hunt for that better camera.  I don't like all the extra features that just complicate the camera.  I just want it to turn on with the car, loop record, turn off with the car, be stealthy, and record a higher quality image.
Hey man, Mickey Mouse wants his voice back.🤣🤣🤣
great video no bs just straight to it, very much appreciated
Amazing review as always   Comment a random word on this if you aren’t a bot!!
As always, excellent content! Have you considered reviewing leather cleaners for auto seats and home recliners? I searched your channel and didn't see anything close. Keep up the great work!!
99 cents better hahahah
I wanted to see a pic of his windshield with all the dash cams on it. LoL Amazing review as always.
Holy Camoly, what is that annoying voice you are doing now?
Another video idea: Best Hydraulic Oil!
Would have been cool to see how the rexing v1 4k camera in the mix. Ive been using it for almost a year now and the video quality is really good.
I wish you would of done the plate reading distance test at night. I guess the viofo would be best?
Looks like I’m buying all the dash cams so I can get all the best footage 😆 JK
Maybe you should do $150 to $250 cameras
I thought they were all trash when I looked into buying one. This is helpful.
Would you be able to do a carpet shampooer review?
For future ideas, have you ever tested torquing screwdrivers?
Is there some Goated individual that can leave some timestamps for me
I think the guy in the white Ram must have been performing the same test.  He passed the same signs/house just as many times as you did.
I didnt see GARMIN
I sell CCTV gear and as you just saw in your review, the quality of the total package matters a lot more than the resolution of the image sensor. The glass, the CPU, and the firmware on the camera all have a huge impact on the video quality. I've had 720p cameras on my bench that can blow Harbor Freight 4k cameras out of the water in terms of video quality. The resolution of the image sensor is the least important part of a camera.
What a coincidence.  I've been using two VIOFO's in my truck for years.....one facing forward and one facing back.  😁   My wife's car has been using the RedTiger the last two years.   Both are your #1 and #2 recommendations.
NICE!!!
The Viofo A119 has been my go-to for years now.
Anyone else find it odd that no dash cams are made by brands we've all heard of? Why don't Sony,  Samsung or Panasonic make any of these? Why are they all companies that sound like they were started last week and will be gone next week?
A year ago I was rammed head on by a driver who intentionally crossed into my lane then drove off. My car was totalled and the driver drove away, I don't know how, but he did.     My insurance denied my claim. No attorney would defend me because, despite spending the night in the hospital, I luckily sustained no serious injuries so there was no serious money in it for them. One so called "injury lawyer" flat out told me to fake an injury if I wanted any help.    I was accused of falsifying a claim because I had no proof to back up my statement.The responding officers had assured me that they didn't need to look for my assailant because they would be able to get his license plate number using footage from the traffic light camera at the intersection in which it occured. There was no camera and, despite numerous witnesses, no one wanted to get involved.     This was an extremely hard lesson; that dash cameras are a blessing, but also a curse. Insurance companies use them as leverage against us to deny any and, if possible all claims. I would suggest one for the front and another for the back. Good luck all.
Future Test Idea for PF: Ceramic brake parts lube vs silver (or copper) anti-seize vs. whatever else is out there for disc brake pins and slidey bits.  I'm reading everywhere that newbies are saying we were all wrong for using anti-seize on brake pins.  But back in the 1980's and 1990's ceramic, and other, brake lubes really didn't exist.  More-over, I'm from the Northeast where heavy salt was corroding brake parts, and wise mechanics used silver anti-seize to make the next service interval less of a hassle.  So it's not like it dried up as some people claim it does now.
Congrats on 1.2 million views in 2 days! That's crazy.
Very good drive test and evaluation. I have worked with testers of digital camera systems and your evaluation methodology is excellent. It is good to know that products that do this type evaluation have much better image quality.
I would trust Project Farm to assess my lifelong friendships and give me statistics on every aspect. Best reviewer on the internet, hands down!
Thank you project farm , This is the video we all been needing
Your squeaky voice makes the video UNLISTENABLE
You and your channel are awesome
Every single one comes from china , don’t USA make anything anymore
I use an iPhone 12 mini as a dashcam.
I got 30 seconds in and I can't handle this guy's voice anymore, Jesus Christ.
dash cam @kg929572
You have great videos. But this one was a little bare. For starters, having any dash cam is better than not having one in any situation.  That said, there are quite a few halfway decent cameras starting at the $100 that show the details  the Viofo do. Redtiger has others just a tad more(as does Viofo) that show the details you are talking about. All the others seem to be just ones that are listed on amazon when you punch in dashcams. But that said, you did a good job bringing up something that everyone should have in their car. It can save a ton if you get in an accident. It's unbelievable how ppl will twist the blame. Protect yourself. Like I said, even cheap ones can save thousands.
I’m so glad that somebody has done another one of these videos! I drive for a living and have been needing a dash cam for a really long time. Of all of the cameras, I thought the best one was the cool crazy.
Thought you'd appreciate hearing how influential you are. Amazon's 8th most searched result is "viofo dash cam". It's because of you and your fantastic, unbiased, trustworthy reviews that people feel they can go and buy it. Thanks so much for all you do as it really is helpful and makes a huge difference for people!
Thanks! I've always heard red tiger was good. So I just bought one for $85
Would love to hear your opinion on the user interfaces,  and ease of downloading video.
Trying to waterproof a tent, there seems to be no reviews properly made for silicone vs nik wax. How well they perform in hot vs cold, uv exposure and breath ability. Camping season coming up :)
Been looking at dashcams, but just looking at listing's on Amazon is a minefield. This is great. Just dropped 2 Viofos in my cart via your link!
Get a 70mai...and never think about dash cam again.
ProjectFarm always does great comparisons video’s , the only problem with this video is all are made in China
gotta be honest, I never heard of those brands. I now use the VAVA, the one that looks like a hockey puck.
Vantrue N4 Pro is hands down the best. It’s all we install. Has an app, records remotely, 360* view, stored video remotely and viewable remotely and is crystal clear.
Is this the 1st product that he has tested where nothing got destroyed? Where's the carnage?  just kidding. Great video.
I have a Viofo in both my trucks. After watching this video, my wife wants me to order her a Viofo for her car. They really are that good!
VIOFO stocks: 📈📈📈
Now we need a review on some higher end dashcams. let's say $200-$500.
That Viofo looks a lot like my Rexing.
I’ve been looking for dash cams for a while and I’m so glad you made this review!  From my research VIOFO is definitely one of the best on market compared to others. The only thing that makes it hard to settle on a purchase is that there are multiple types of VIOFO cameras each with their pros and cons. The higher end ones are more intriguing because capture clarity is everything as if anything god forbid happens you want to make sure you have the best video recordings possible. So it is worth it to pay 100-200 more for a little more clarity, I don’t know yet…but I would love to see maybe a high end dash cam review or hear from anyone that has experience with this!
Jesus man, take a breath
Great video.
I wish you had included a Nextbase model to compare with this lot, of which I have I have heard of none of the brands.
What about real brands like Garmin or Cobra? We don't care about these chinese brands on Amazon.
Coolcrazy looks good
good content but this guy sounds like he always speaks in exclamation marks
Ive had a few VIOFO cams over the years and they have all been great, even their cheapest model is decent.
Timestamps for each camera for future reference:  00:00 Intro 00:22 S/V300 01:07 Arifayz 01:42 Miden S7 02:09 E-Yeeger S60 02:40 Ovaman K600 03:17 Coolcrazy N8 03:51 Redtiger F7NP 04:35 Rove R2-4K (Dual) 05:21 Wolfbox i07 06:02 VIOFO A199 v3 06:45 PRUVEEO D90-4CH 07:20 Readability Results 07:40 Light Exposer Results 07:46 Street Sign Testing (All cameras) 10:07 Sharpness Results 10:18 Sunset Readability Testing (All cameras) 12:34 Sunset Results 12:43 Night Vision Testing (All cameras) 14:55 Night Vision Results 15:04 Night "Light-Box" & Digital Display (In-motion Bloom Testing - All cameras) 16:57 Light-Box Results 17:07 "Cheat-Sheet" reference of features (All cameras) 17:30 And the Winner Is... (Up to the needs of the buyer)    Personal Opinion: Looking at the side by sides offered by Project Farm, my ranking would mostly align with the provided results, with the exception of the ranking for Coolcrazy and Redtiger.  This being due to my own driving habits/driving conditions (I tend to drive at more absolute times (full daylight/full night) so the Coolcrazy would be ranked the higher of the two.  Given the limitations of testing in real world settings, this is an amazing compared usage in the wild, but the lack of controls on testing (i.e. he can't control the rotation or orbit of the world) the sunset testing may skew based on actual angle (and percentage of) the sun was visible at.  Overall, great test, and even better info, thank you for doing the work on this!
The effort of this video, WOW!
That miden footage looked like O Brother Where Art Thou
Great work again. The scariest part is that China seems to be the only country making anything these days 😮
I like my Viofo so much i bought 2.  One for truck, one for car.  Got thw model with the rear cam also.  "The hook up" aka Rob came to the same conclusion as you.  Great job!
I have been running a Red Tiger in my truck for a year or so after having seen other good reviews on it.  Have had zero problems with it.
Why did you choose these brands?
Thank you
Now I want to see a video similar to this for radar scanners.
1.25 million people saw that dudes house on the corner on Chadwick and 243 haha
Really? You've already convinced me to buy several high quality, inexpensive, useful things. You just had to go and test dash cams because I've been looking for one, didn't you? Honestly, thanks for doing this. It's something I have been mulling over for a few years at this point.
I can't stand your voice. Had to stop the video.
No 70MAI?
Oh my lord thank you for this. I've been waiting to get a Dash cam for so long since I've had such bad experiences with so many of them, now I'll know exactly which one to buy after this video!
Can always count on you for detailed, honest reviews of products. Awesome job as always!
Just watched this , good content. I am really looking fora wireless unit for tow rig and 5th wheel. You do good work and L value your opinion. 13:02
You should change the video name to say its a cheap or budget camera test. I came expecting a review of wide range of stuff from cheap to premium, not just cheap stuff. Even just having 1 premium camera in there would've been nice. This is like doing a vacuum cleaner review and leaving out all the big brands like shark, dyson, samsung, etc.
There are several dashcam brands you missed, Pioneer, Transcend, iRoad, Vantrue, Philips, Qubo, Hikvision, 70mai, DDPAI , Trueview , Garmin, Boult, Thinkware, Agaro, Ausha, Ausek.   Maybe a round-2 with the run-off with the last winner VioFio ? 😀
This is a useful video.  However, I was hoping for a heat test.  I am on my 5th dash cam in 3 years.  I live in Arizona and they melt on my dashboard. Dang.
I’ve had VIOFO for years now, haven’t tried any other ones but idk if I’m ready to change it’s been great I have them in all my cars
I appreciate the test. I went with a VIOFO camera a while back, so I also appreciate the result.
goated channel
On your next iteration of this one you should definitely include the Ring car cam. At 250.00 and requiring a subscription it should be an incredible dash cam, though I won't hold my breath 😅.
If the viofo is actually using a starvis censor, then thats a really high quality image chip.  Ita used in one of my hunting scopes that produces insanely clear low light images and video.
Great info.   Thanks, very helpful.........
Stop saying it’s made in China 😂 Because all of them are made in China 🇨🇳
There are dashcam that clip over your rear view mirror and use the rear wide angle camera as your mirror.  They. Are. Amazing.  I've used a couple of different brands over the years, all have been pretty good.
the vocal range in this is wild
Loved the tests. You should also do an extreme hot and cold test as well.
Yet another review of cheap junk. I don't get it. Where's the Thinkware, vantrue or blackvue.
Question... do any of these dash cams send video to mobile phone? E.I. someone pulls in front of you from another lane and they are so close you rear end them. A video able to download to mobile phone would show not your fault.
I have the REDTIGER dash cam in my vehicle and am a big fan of it, so it’s relieving to see I ended up with one of the better options. I’m also a fan of the hardwire kit that allows the REDTIGER to be connected directly to the cars electronics and enables features while the car is parked. Unsure of what the other cameras have in terms of similar functionality.  Also worth noting, not all dash cam apps are made equal and I would argue that the ease of use and accessing/exporting footage to a phone while at the scene of an accident is important as well and could’ve been tested. The REDTIGER handles this well but I can only speak on that one.
We are blessed to have you... Thank you!
I have seldom heard a more annoying voice.
I've had the VIOFO since 2022 (same model as this review) and it's been great. Very happy to see I made a good choice for once :D
of course this pops up after i bought one 😭
This is the first Dash Cam review that i trust, because it’s Project Farm.
I've had a VIOFO A129 since 2022 because it does have a rear camera and it's performed wonderfully
Great video as always Project Farm. Here's a request for another video...What do you think about doing a comparative video about double edge safety razor blades? These are the blades used for shaving before the multi-blade cartridge blades came into existence. There are different brands made all over the world like Feather (Japan), Merkur (Czech Republic), Astra (Russia), Personna (USA), Derby (Turkey), Dovo (Germany) to name a few. You could test things like sharpness, corrosion resistance, how easily the blades dull, subjective test for closest shave and irritation rating, or similar tests from your other knife videos.
“About 99 vents better” 😂 you’re awesome
I'm so glad you did this comparison.  I've been meaning to get a new dash camera and this solidified my choice.  Thank you, for all of the hard work.
Thanks for taking the time to test and edit this video.
Should defiintely give Nexar a go.
Fantastic job. Really comprehensive tests, and great presentation of results.
I love my viofo. you can use it for rear window for regular sedan car with regular back window. Its all about the slope.
Who else knew the Viofo was going to win?
Could you please make video about surge protector outlets ? Thank you for your great videos
I bought a Red Tiger for my car and had an issue with the hardwire kit. I contacted Red Tiger and within days I had a new hardwire kit that works flawlessly. I am so happy with Red Tiger's customer service that I bought one for my girlfriend's car.
Cant go wrong with 70 Mai series for the price
Pretty sure the Viofo is one Wham bam dashcam recommends too.
I thought this was the Vortex Radar channel for a moment.
Hell yes! Been waiting for a video like this
Todd’s timing is sometimes to much of a coincidence my girlfriend just asked me to look these up lol thank you again for another top notch review
Vantru? Why not
Fantastic video!
I love my red tiger dash cam😊
How about best performing highend/ expensive dash cams
Thanks for this comparison video! I bought the exact redtiger roughly 8 months ago and really like it. Couldn't find much on it as far as testing. Only found a bunch of the manufacturers videos. Most tests for dashcams are for expensive ones. So took a shot, and like I said I like it alot. And now your video proves I didn't do so bad...😅 thank you!!
Ps there worth nothing or have broken screen at front but cameras at back work fine
Gawd you should like a 1970s used car ad. What's with the frantic voice?  Cannot continue watching this.
YOU COULD TRY THE OLD MOBILE PHONE TEST FOR VIDEO EVERY ONE HAS OLD MOBILES KNOCKING AROUND OR FAMILY FRIENDS
I found depending on the weather conditions if I would put them in the vehicle or out in a 3D print bracket for out side so they can't be seen and taken some time plate would do outside because it goes rusty knowone would know that camera was in it
Watched the video even though I already own the VIOFO A119 and knew it would win!
Thank you for doing this time consuming and comprehensive review. I have been considering getting a dash cam for my car and one for my grandkid’s car and I think we have a winner: viofo
Linus tech tips did a good video on these types of cameras and most of them are the same components just in different shapes. And they also will replace a good rated Items with shit cameras so people think it has 4 or 5 stars. It's so bad. I bought the Viofo.
Can you do lithium boat batteries?? PLEASE!
Still one of my top 10 channels!
No blackvue cameras??
Will you please do a video comparing affordable thermal cameras? Thanks for your videos, man! You're my go-to before I make a purchase!
The CRASH CAMARA
I owned the Viofo on my last car, and it was great. I'd be really interested in seeing how the Viofo 4k versions do.
Thanks for the extensive review. Your process looked very useful. RECOMMENDATION: test a group of more expensive cameras. Your results showed a strong correlation with price and the cheapest being useless.   Thank you!
Am I the only one who finds it funny when he says "they claim it's 4k"? 😂🤣😅
Very impressive!
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS VERY HELPFULL WHAT I USE  IS SOMTHING EVERY ONE HAS A FEW KNOCKING AROUND  AND IT TAKES BRILLIANT PHOTO AND RECORDS GREAT IT'S 2 OLD SMART PHONES PUT THEM ON THE SETTINGS THAT IS BETTER FOR YOU IE NIGHT MODE SPORTS MODE AND SO ON  I THINK THERE'S NOT A DASH CAM THAT'S BETTER THAN A PHONES AND IT'S FREE
Where is the Garmin?  I have had my Garmin for over 15 years and its video looks better than all of those shown here.
Ooh do more of these love how you tested these!
Mine attaches to the rear view mirror, out of sight.
can you please do high end cameras also
5G Wifi sounds like some Chinese gibberish for Wifi AC/5.
Great content as always. Makes you wonder if it makes sense to just disguise and wire in an old iPhone instead. Better image quality, battery backup, internet uploads if desired…
wished you test battery life. most of them die around a year of use.
Red Tiger, Cool Crazy, Wolfbox....
Can you please do a gasoline additive test? Cleaning / performance / direct injection engines?
Why does it sound like 2 people are talking at once? :D The pitch change in one sentence is wild :D
I need a Camara with a rear cam as well. Suggestions? Thank you.
I got lucky and bought the coolcrazy before this video.  If only you posted this video before I bought it a 3 weeks ago
Here's the thing... A 720p video can be upscaled to 2k. A lot of these bad brands are doing just that, but sometimes when you look at the 1080p rear camera, it is true 1080p and not upscaled, resulting in a better image quality and readability than the supposed 2k front camera.  At least that was the case with my first dashcam.
After screaming at your listeners for 18 minutes, you must have been knackered.
Thank you  I’ve had no idea about dash cams……I could have skipped the review and read the comments   Where I live I could make a utub of idiot drivers every time out
These camera's look interesting and if you did a lot of driving would be really worth having.  Have you done hand held vacuums such as Black and Decker and Duck Horsepower? There are a lot of others, some are stick vacuums that split to hand held and even have long cords which probably have more power and last longer then battery operated.
thanks bro
Excellent Work, I will buy accordingly
These are no brand Chinese dashcam. If you know anything about these dashcam. Most use the the camera sensor and it's all software tweaking to get whatever they want out of it. Plus these models are many years old. Not sure you did that to save on cost to make the video. Spending a few hundred instead of a few thousand to make this video.
If you run this test with other cameras please include Type S they have several, I have the 360 version.
i was a viofo owner it was amazing as a videos quality & app features except it cant handle hot weather it shut down & the worst part is it doesn't run up again after temperature go down afternoon! & it was turned off for days until i notice it then i have to turn it on manually, it was happening again & again until i had to return it with refund. i want to know if they fixed this issue with a new model?
Thanks!
i did a ton of research on this a few years ago. "which dash cam is the best" got a ton of videos and articles saying this camera is the best. then id see another video or article saying that camera was the best. finally went further down the rabbit hole and someone did a video saying they are all the same. why? because the camera inside is only capable of doing so much. its limited to its technology. so if you buy an expensive camera that " you get what you pay for" or a cheapo camera, its not going to offer much difference because the camera lens itself can only do so much. some features like night vision and stuff are the main differences but as far as camera performance goes you can only get so much no matter how much money you spend.
While I don't need a dash-cam I wanted to say great job here, thank you so much for doing this review lineup. A lot of the reviews out there are confusing at best and offer no helpful real world testing while at the same time disagreeing on a bunch of things (from what I've seen). PF has become my main go-to when it comes to consumer goods. Proud to be a supporter on patreon also since we can see where the funds go to!
i was waiting for this one
Thank you for making this video. Now we know what to expect. I still will not buy it unless I start driving more or own an expensive car.
Nothing better then Black Vue dash cameras.
You  pick 10 dashcams from Temu and one Brand Name dashcam manufacturer and call it a review. Where is Thinkware and Blackvue? If you want a an inexpensive dashcam, you get what you pay for.
👏
Where is the vantrue Pro n4? Without the Vantrue Pro N4, this test is honestly moot. That is the only front and back camera I have found that consistently captures and records every single license plate that goes in front of the camera. Even when it's in parking mode. Seriously, they were so good that they are the only cameras we have in all of our vehicles. And I cannot stress enough how high a quality product they are. Not getting anything from them, I'm seriously just really happy with their product. The parking mode actually captured a couple of tweakers leaving a bunch of Private Financial documentation they stole from many people's mailboxes, setting the box down behind my truck. I guess they didn't notice the camera looking right at them, so along with the 16 peoples compromised retirements and credit cards, I also was able to give them the full description and picture of those who were committing the crime. Honestly, I would love to see you compare the van through to all of these.
Thanks for another great video! I have an idea for a video I would love to see. Waterproofing/DWR treatments. It would be cool to see spray on vs. wash in with water beading, water infiltration and breathability tests. Some brands I am interested in are Nikwax, Revivex, Kiwi, Scotch, Simprax, and whatever others people may suggest. Thanks!
I have the pruveeo one you are testing. I bought it about 6 months ago. Have watched a few videos it made and they seem really good on a laptop but I don’t test like you do. Thanks for all your hard work.
I’d love to get a dashcam, but I’m pretty sure some of the stuff I say might incriminate me as well.
I bought a REDTIGER dashcam a couple months ago after many many hours spent reading reviews and doing my own research. Good thing the REDTIGER performed well for Project Farm or I would’ve thrown it out the window and went with his recommendation because what he says is the best is basically the law!
I’m genuinely surprised that a Garmin dash cam wasn’t tested here. 🤷‍♂️
NONE work longer than a couple of years due to the excessive cabin heat of vehicles.🎯 The cost of installation approaches the cost of equipment. I’ve had 3 installed and none lasted. Apple computer needs to put out a model.🫤
Awesome video! I'd like to see a review on zero drive ratchets. I work on cars and sometimes a ratchet with teeth don't want to turn. I'd love to see a review, and see them put to the test!
Would have been nice to see a garmin in this one. But nonetheless a great video.
this is not a fair comparison. put the viofo up against some of its own class instead of some cheap china junk
Too bad you didn’t include premium brand line Garmin, Rand McNally, Cobra, or Falcon Eye
Can you test radar detectors?
Could you do Vantrue?
Sorry, I don't want to finish this video. The inflection in the presenters voice is not pleasant.
thank you very much
Best fly spray!
Why is 1 best and 5 worst?  That’s the opposite of how ratings work anywhere ever.
What a voice, wow!
I have a video idea, if you'd be interested! How about testing popular fuel filter brands? Such as Wix, Acdelco, Carquest, Duralast, Napa, etc?
Oh, they are all made in china!!! so, don't forget to add + 40% and 22% and 5% and 18% and so...
I’ve used Viofo cameras for years. The A119 is excellent value. Great detailed review 👊
Thanks for being so thorough!
The voice 😂
I tried many dash cams and got fedup. I finally purchased Samsung Galaxy tab activ 3. Install dvr app and it become the best dash cam. Because it has a battery free mode. Which makes it to be used without a battery. Even the Google map navigation is better than car's factory multimedia.
all of it is crap since all are made in china. for dash cam its better to get one from the established brands not some brand that have never heard of
I've had my Rove camera for 6 years and it's still running strong! One great thing about the Rove cameras that I don't believe the other dashcams have is the speed reading in your video/while you're driving. It'll save you if you're ever pulled over and they claim you were speeding, it's saved me from that nonsense!
Consider doing a dash cam video that fulfills the following criteria: 1. no subscription or cloud nonsense 2. no wi-fi garbage 3.  a system that will capture 360 degrees OR a system of using several cameras that will auto start and stop when driving 4. cameras that have a quality image day and night to begin with. If anyone can recommend what is noted herein, please share the make and exact model. Cheers!
Shoe glue
Been keeping an eye on this front for awhile, the Sony Starvis 2 sensor came out within the last year or so and changed the game to a degree, allowing for some VERY crisp vids.  Most reviews tend to look at image quality and 'Can I read that damn license plate?' at a distance. After-all most people use dashcams to combat insurance fraud an the occasional driving idiot that fails to stop after side-swiping someone. And its saved numerous people from insurance scammers and untrustworthy cops (we all know someone who clearly shouldn't be in that job)   Seeing the lower end of the spectrum get some reviews certainly helps put things in perspective (especially since I was given the S7 for Christmas... haven't opened it yet)  Viofo being one of the only brand normally seen in the higher end comparison videos like what you'd see from some of the other reviewers.
I would love to see these same tests done with the Blackvue
Loved the run down of all the cameras. Wish you would have included a thinkware camera. In the past that has been highly recommended but I have never had experience with them.
Project Farm, and please (to quiet any naysayers) make it clear you took the plastic lens protection stickers off the camera lens for your testing.
Man I’ve been looking for a dash cam forever. There’s so much out there it can get a bit overwhelming. Thank you for making it simpler for us!
All the cameras you tested are cheap Chinese garbage brands, even the VIOFO that you tested is only an older version with 1440p. You didn't test any Thinkware or Blackvue cameras.
I liked my Viofo but got a FITCAMX for my Ioniq 5 because it had an OEM-like fit with no wires to run.
I think they all meet their Chinese price objective using leftover camera modules from an iPhone 3   😩   I wish Ring company would get back in the game   I want one integrated with home and on while parked  that would be good .
LTT reviewed a few dashcams as well about a year ago and they also put the Viofo at or near the top of their list, so I bought one. Thanks for going through this rigorous testing to confirm that it is indeed a good choice.
Please make a video on electric scooters and pressure washers. I love your content!
Why no 70mai or other quality brands, and only these crap cameras that made the viofo look great?
Make your commercials able to skip
Thank you for that camera analysis.  I'd like to find out what you can find out about 30L ultrasonic cleaners.  both in 110v and 220v if they exist.  I had anbull from amazon that died after 8 months.  really interested in quality merchandise.  wouldn't mind if you poked around inside to see if there any build quality differences.  Creworks, Anbull, Granbo, and others.  HFT doesn't make a 30L.  And I learned that SKYMEN (China) manufactures many brands, including Anbull.
This is amazing, thank you!!! i have been looking for a new cam and im so glad you made this. there is no one i trust more for recommendations than this channel
The crazy thing about this is by the spec sheet, it seems they all use very similar image sensors, if not the same exact one. Just shows how software and encoder choice makes or breaks your camera nowadays.
I think you need to cast a wider net. Some models are really fussy about the SD card used, some have a horrible IU, others are heat sensitive. And no top level brands? Garmin? Vantrue? Blackvue?
Thanks for the video, it helped me decide which dash cam I will be buying (Viofo) but, dude... You've got just about the most unpleasant delivery in the Internet: pitch, speed, cadence (or lack thereof) make it hard to watch the whole 18m of video. Just my dime on this: It would have been better if your video was 25-26 min long, but you read from a script an a slower pace, and adding some nuance to your voice.
This is so comprehensive and great! Definitely takes a lot of work and time to do this research, so thank you!!!
why do you mostly test only cheap stuff that most dont consider buying instead of a spread of quality/price?
I have the vantrue nexus 4 pro. It's 4 times as expensive as these. Most expensive on Amazon at the time. Video looks great on it.
Another great review. I'm just a bit confused, however, as Viofo has 6 different models on Amazon, A119 V3, A119 Mini 2, A129 Pro Duo 4K Dual Dash Cam, A229 Pro 3, A229 Plus and A329. Exactly which Viofo did you test? It would help if you include model numbers in your reviews. Thanks for all the hard work you put into these videos! I really appreciate your efforts.
Thanks for the video sir. I know you pay for all the equipment you review, but I was wondering if you can do a part 2 of this? This one being a more "budget friendly" review.🙏  A range of $150 to $300 would be nice and be a sweet spot for most consumers in the market. Almost all the cameras below $100 are bound to be terrible or not be the best bang for your buck (Bad resolution, bad night time, low storage, no bundled cameras, etc.).
cool video, great test you did. Have been thinking about getting a dash cam for a while and your video definitely helped.
Excellent test!
I have the viafo camera with the gps I love it and I love having the security of having it in my truck for those just in case events.
I've been following this channel for a few years. Although I don't use all the equipment reviewed, for the ones I do use I trust the analysis completely. This is the most thorough and trustworthy testing of items I have ever seen. Thanks for all the work you put into the channel.
Yesssss thank you!
It feels great when the product you already own comes out on top, but personally, I’m a bit disappointed with the Viofo. I wish you had compared it to some of the more premium options instead of just other budget models. I really want to know what the best dash cam is—sure, for $114, the Viofo might be the best in its price range, but are there better dash cams for just a little bit more money? Probably.
Me got a windshield cam paid $20.00. Basically you get what you pay for but it seems they all suck at clarity. Mine has a proximity setting but for the life of me I can not figure out how to make it do what ever.
Since there've been quite a few car-centric reviews as of late I'd love to see a review breakdown on side-swipe / blind-spot sensors. Our Soul has an inbuilt set but our gofor doesn't and it'd be nice to know which of them actually mean what they say on the tin.
Sony Starvis sensors (VIOFO) are light years ahead of the pack. I run multiple GardPro A3S trail cams with Sony sensors and they kill the competition.  This is the model I run.  A3S cam is equipped with a Sony Starvis image sensor and new-generation no-glow (black) infrared LEDs, combined to deliver crisp, clear images up to 100ft at night, perfect for stealth. Thanks for the testing, lots of hard work.
Look folks ANY DASH CAM is better than none, I had a $24 cam that couldn't read a plate number but recorded fine, saved me when I replayed the video to a cop after getting road raged by another driver. I've upgraded to a "Thinkware" which has clear night pics and can read a plate from a good distance.
As a red tiger owner, I like the way these test results came out. 😎
Amazing video, was just in the market for a dash cam. The other videos regarding this topic don't have sufficient testing or is outdated.
This is an amazing public service!
I hope this is redone with some of the higher end cameras sometime in the future. Compared to the cost of some products you review on here, these are all pretty low cost. I'd love to see what a $300-500 dash cam does or even try to compare it to some of the OEM ones. I passed on the factory option in my 2025 Lexus because the quality was that of a $100 Amazon knockoff.
You have to put these in an oven to see if they stand up to hot vehicles...  Battery backup cameras are useless in hot climates.  Capacitor cameras are necessary.  Viofo is the best bang for the buck.  But there are definitely some ultra premium cameras that are a little nicer.
Great video. I bought my first VIOFO A129 Pro back in 2021, which still works like a champ. Since then I got myself VIOFO A139 Pro, which I accidentally burned down trying to wire it for power 😕 Then I got VIOFO A229 Pro after, which is great, especially I love the STARVIS 2 sensor and WiFi5 upgrades are great compared to A129 Pro. The only thing I am missing on A229 is the recording at 60 fps, that I had on A129, but they have A329 now that is capable of 60 fps recording and it has all the latest and greatest STARVIS 2 and WiFi6, and all VIOFO have the polarized filters, which is a plus and all the Pro models are recording at 4k. 👍
Will a car run with water? Will it run with olive oil? Will it run with soap? WELL LETS FIND OUT👍🫡
If there’s cameras as cheap as $22, I think there should be a law to people to use them, and newer cars also come with one installed
That robe is trash to be honest. And can’t download video to your phone in the background and it’s slow as hell
THX for very good JoB! Cy@...& Peace!
You run circles around other product evaluation sites and products.  Well done!   Definitely, If I'm going to buy a new product I'm coming to you to see if you have done a review.  You totally deserve your 3.5 M viewers!
Awesome job again. Thank you.
One thing you should test is how well they hold up in the summer. I had the Redtiger on my truck for 2 years in AZ. The buttons and screens finally melted after the second summer, which isn't bad. I installed the Rove R2 a couple months ago, let's see how it holds up in 115 degrees AZ summer.
I could imagine the neighbours staring out the window wondering why this vehicle has gone by for the 20th time; or were all cams setup on the dash like the mic podium at a presser? xD Awesome work btw.
Thank you.  Great job, as always.  I never would have a 1440 would perform so well.   I've been shopping 4k.
7 years Viofo a119 pro owner here, don't think I'd ever use anything else on my own cars
I just went with a garmin cam. since it was the only actually legit brand making these cams.
I had to quit watching at 3:21 just couldn't tolerate the annoying speedy voice any longer  Quit torturing people.
Wow what a great video, so much work such an editing nightmare, thank you so much for going through all this for us. ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
2 years ago, Linus Tech Tips discovered that a majority of dashcams utilized the same sensor; I wonder if that's still the case seeing how many all failed the plate check at 20 yards.
Oh, thank God. Your timing is crazy. Been looking into dash cams over the last few days, and here I opened up Youtube, and boom, Project Farm has a comparison test video, WHAT?!! Siri must be spying on me and sending you intel, lol. Anyhow, thank you sir for what you do. As always, your extremely thorough testing and hard work in putting together these test videos, is very much appreciated by myself, and I'm sure millions of others viewers in America and around the world. May God bless and keep you safe, and filled with video ideas for the future, as well as  the corresponding test methods that require creativity and ingenuity to provide accurate and appropriate feedback, for unbiased results.
Great video!
Great video - thanks for doing this!  Now, take your top 2-3 dashcam's from this vdieo and do the same comparison with more expensive dashcam's (like Vantrue - they have a couple of models) please.  Would love to see if a more expensive dashcam is worth the extra $.
you should do home security cams next, ive been looking to see what best system to get!
Your voice audio is VERY annoying. Can't believe anyone would listen to you.
Make sure you see if 4K is available while using the rear or rear + interior camera.  Most of these dash cams only give 4K while using ONLY the front lense. 😡. I found this out after purchasing the Vantrue dash cam.  I wouldn’t purchase any of these dash cams
What a fantastic and comprehensive review and comparison. Great job! I've owned the Viofo A129 together with the rear camera for a year now and its video quality is very impressive. It's well worth the money, I highly recommend it too.
I would NEVER buy tech from China on purpose. (As I text on my Chinese I phone. Rrrrrrrr)
but all this cameras, very poor performance
the real camera is the vantrue $400 but you can read a plate if a car passes at 60 mph, and you standing. best camera in the world,
VIOFO is the boss. I've had 2 A119 V2s since 2018 in Texas heat and both are still rolling. Definitely make sure you get a "High Endurance" SD card, regular SD cards will fail quickly with cars getting up to 150F during the summer and they're not much more expensive anyways. I'll probably get the A119 again, though I have been curious about the A129 and their later, more expensive models with higher resolution.
Amazing, this video is so perfect!  I cannot thank you enough for focusing on dash cams.  I have to agree, as I own a Viofo and such a great dash cam!
Thank you,  I needed to watch this ..
I have the VioFo A229 Pro 4K dual cam and have been pleased with it and the results.
I see you had all of them mounted on the inner windshield at once, I can't imagine what the guy in the white truck thought as he passed!
We should all be very scared all of this garbage is made in china.
Thanks for making such informative and well-done video as always! would like to ask for a dedicated video for Portable Apple Carplay & Android Auto touch screen Car Stereo. Thanks!
Viofo sales about to go 📈
US looks so third world compared to China. How do people live in the US? Seems awful
I am curious to see the setting with 11 dashcams in one car, both from the inside of the car and the outside.  That should have been quite a sight!
Just what I needed!
I forgot you existed! I’ve got a lot of binge watching to do!
China hands down has the best technology
really appreciate your work. could you let me know what the  $114 Viofo model was that you used in the Truth About Dash Cams? Thanks, Riff
It's absolutely absurd and moronic that GoPro and insta360 haven't got into the dash cam game yet
I have the red tiger. I got it for me and my mom a year ago. Honestly, I love it. it's a solid cam.
I would love to see a comparison of the Rexing... I have had mine for years and freaking love it. I would say it would rival any of those.
I liked the out come of this video as always thanks !
All dashcams seem to have crappy footage. Would've been cool if you had used your Canon for comparison too. That way we can see which camera is the least crappy. 😅
Thank you for doing this video, I appreciate all of your review content on this channel. Also wanted to mention for anyone else still looking for reviews, The Hook Up has made I think 2 excellent review videos specifically on dash cams I think viofo was one of the best on their reviews too
Your review video is great but dude, cut back on the coffee, may two cups instead of 20! 🙂
Thanks for the hard work...i bet the people in your town must think your the village crazy to drive the same path 100X in just 1 day (>.<)
Ive been waiting for this for a very long time haha! awesome!
Nice and a very well done video, but why are you shouting so loud?
PLEASE, WHERE DO WE GET THESE INSTALLED ?
You did a fantastic job of testing characteristics I would not have thought about when looking to purchase one.  When I realized that you had ALL the cameras operating at the same time, thus the sunset was exactly the same and not minutes apart, the validity of the testing increased exponentially for me.  Sometimes you show how you perform the testing in your videos and I really enjoy that aspect of your videos.  If I could offer one critical comment it would be to encourage more of that.  Super job and this is one product I have looked into and to be honest I find it intimidating.
This is incredibly helpful, thank you so much. Subbed!!!
How about radar detectors video???????
My wife bought me the redtiger for Christmas.  I'd never heard of it before.  I love it!  Very easy to install in my F150.  Took me 30 minutes and I went slow.  So I have the main front camera on my drivers left windshield pillar and then the rear camera in the middle of the rear bed window.  I love that it is voice activated too!  'Show rear camera'  'Show front camera' 'take photo'   It's only March, so 3 months in, but so far I love it.  Highly recommended and surprised that my wife picked a winner!  LOL (she's not into techy or gun stuff)
What a great video. thanks
Hehe, how much money do you have? BlackVue and many other expensive brands are there to compare.  The cheaper cameras are probably uspcaling to make their resolution claims. I had a Gater brand which lasted quite a while and am using a Navman now, but it has a poor FOV, otherwise seems OK.  Also, as a tip for viewers - if you do have an incident make sure the dashcam sound is on and read the licence plat out loud so it will be recorded in case the camera doesn't pick it up.  Cheers for the effort.
Now we need webcams in 2025
i feel like people are way to concerned with getting somthing new thats labled as a dash cam. after your ready to spend $100 just get an old gopro 6 and the quality will be MILES better then anything shown here. toss a big sd card and plug in the charger. basically the best dash cam out
WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?!
and a
amazing video, thank you!
thanks for all the effort, great video!!  you missed the most important test, reading license plates at night :c I have a red tiger, and it struggles to read license plates at night
This is without a doubt the perfect video for anyone looking for dashcams.
Thanks Todd, once again the only useful information out there on dashcams!! You never disappoint!! You the man!👍 😁
My suggestion is to get the fuse power kit no matter the dashcam. It gives you the ability to have the parking mode (assuming your dashcam supports it) on automatically without being overly draining on your car battery. You just need to find the right fuses to plug into. It is also pretty easy to route the cables up the A pillar in most vehicles and it will look cleaner instead of having the cables dangling to your cigarette lighter plug.  As an aside, I bought the Redtiger way before seeing this video. Glad to see I got a well rated dashcam.
Thank you for your review.
Please never stop uploading!
6:02 I'm using the exact Viofo A119 V3 dashcam since Aug 2020 until today and never even heard of the other brands and models shown in this video. Another point not mentioned is, this dashcam uses capacitor instead of lithium battery, which means no battery bloating or replacement needed after a few years. Also bonus of using capacitor in dashcam; it is more resistant to hot sun exposure compared to lithium battery.  Pair this dashcam with the high endurance Sandisk dashcam/home security white SDCard without having it to die premature death for continuous recording.  This dashcam is the best bang for your buck for virtually any time of the day compared to other dashcams at this price point. Previously before 2020, I was using the Mini 0805 & Mini 0806 for my front & rear dashcams.  *Edit : It's been only 1 day Project Farm released this video but VIOFO website has already included it in this dashcam model product page.
Viofo owner here. I have one in each vehicle. I’ve even gifted them to others. I was T-boned and the viofo had such good quality you could see the other driver on their phone. Pretty easy case to win.
Imagine driving along and you see this guy with 10 dashcams pointed at you in your rear view mirror
How did you manage to get the exact same white minivan to drive in the opposite direction on the highway and the pickup truck to turn left in front of your test vehicle? Were they all part of your team? The time it would take to film one cam after the other would alter the light conditions as the sun was setting. Please answer.
Thank you!
Awesome video at a convenient time as I have been thinking about dash cams for a while now. Thanks so much for all you do. Best review channel on YouTube 👍👍
I have the viofo a139 pro in all my vehicles.  it is the best I have found.
I'd like to see what happens vs a higher price point camera. Say $250 to $400. Thanks for the analysis on the bargain choices, however.
What about a comparison of safety earmuffs or earmuffs that have a radio/blue tooth capabilities?
8:40  Nice race call   !!!   🏇🏼🏇🏼🏇🏼🏇🏼🏇🏼🏇🏼  🏇🏼🏇🏼    🤣🤣🤣  👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I like my wolfbox g930, cost $120 but I like what it's integrated in the rear view mirror instead of being an obvious add on (also sprung for the windshield mount so it's the actual mirror instead of rubber banded on the existing one)
Would you review some inspection cameras from stand-alone ones like ICON and milwaukee to ones that plug in to a smart phone?
I've been watching your videos for years and I love them! I actually have an amazon saved for later list thats dedicated to your highest rated products so if/when I need something I know the best one to get. Honestly, I would love to see some "Behind the scenes" of how you make some of them. You do a great job of explaining things, but watching how you set things up I think would be a great time! Could be their own video or just a 'bonus' at the end.
👍👍
I would have been interested to see how a dash cam like Garmin compares.
Love this guy.   Needs to do security cameras for the house next  Only person I have subscribed to
And what about garmin , cobra , and other top brands
Part of the issues are:  -There is only 2 CCD manufacturers. -readability requires a different type of lenses and firmware. This is why cops have a separate camera for license plate reading.
Nice review! I think you missed the vantrue e2 which is recommended a lot in forums
Were any of the tested cameras, not from China?
I use a Nextbase 422, here in the UK. The full kit (front and rear cameras, including fitting at the time, from Halfords) costs about £169 ($219us). These are wired into the car and do not use the 12v connector, so no wires in sight. Despite being 1440, they seem to perform, as well as the 4k cameras in this test.
The bizarre names of the products most dashcams overexpose the image or subexpose
A practical video but the voice was just too painful to watch to the end. Thank you for all the work on this video.
Straight to the point and fast talking reviewer…excellent job !!
Built-in wifi is useless unless your vehicle has built-in wifi and you've paid for a subscription. Or it's only good if your phone is within range and able to connect to your wifi. Otherwise, it uses data. Either way, it's not cheap to use a dashcam and wanting to see live on your phone from a distance.
I have Viofo A229+ in all three cars.
I find it funny how none of the YouTubers want to put Thinkware in the dashcam lineup.  Why is that?
I love your videos, but really disappointed that you didn't test any Vantrue cameras. I've had a few different models of Vantrue dashcams over the years and they've been amazing. Would've loved to seen how they compared to these.
My issue with dash cams is not image quality but usability. I have a one that drains my battery. Another one that needs to have it's memory card re-formated manually although it has an auto feature in settings. Another one I can't tell if it's even turned on since the indicator light is so dim.
I have a VIOFO and it’s been fine. I don’t need to review the footage much but it looks good. There are sets that have a rear camera ($$) and i think one that does an app ($$).
I should have watched this first. I spend $210 and I could have saved some cash and had a better unit. Great comparison.
Thanks for another excellent video. I have yet to be disappointed by such high quality content. This is what youtube should have always been.
The Airface is on the left and the Biden is on the right. 😂
Did I miss something? No Garmin?
Good Job as Always! I really appreciate your unbiased reviews especially with tools!
Do one for android auto head units!
A lot of these cameras' outputs look like they're not a 1080p sensor, but upscaled in software.  As expected form China.
The most insufferable voice I ever heard!!!!
Any Korean, Tiawanese, or Japanese dashcams?
Todd, I know you get this all of the time, but you are a hero for doing these tests and reporting to the interwebz. Consumer Reports should be ashamed. If they had as much honesty and authenticity as you do, they'd still be a go-to for everyone. You are my go-to. God Bless you and your family, Todd! And God Bless your efforts and channel!
How did you determine which ones to test? That viofo model was released in q3 2016, they have a q4 2024 model.
Why are you screaming!?
did you have the VIOFO polarising filter installed ? (they call it CPL) - i see you can get the A119 Viofo with or without it - what did your test use ? the results were phenomenal!
Definitively the best dashcam comparison video ! This is the type of video we need from manufacturers !
Playback also pain in the... Mine stopped working after a week. And has display. Got new same brand, wifi connection, and much more options I didn't know.  Thats why I still carry my phone and use it when driving just in case. I ll add brand once I look at cammera.
Once again proving why this is the best review platform on the planet. Well thought out tests, that actually show how the products handle real world conditions, clearly explaining the pros and cons of each product, and with no sponsorship bias. Top quality stuff once again.
What happen to vantrue dashcams? Those are pretty popular ;(
I need to pause to finish the video, a pause from your voice, do you have to speak like you are scared from something.. 😐
I got Viofo a long-long time ago without deep research, aka picking the best seller. Im so happy for discovering that it's the best overall dash cam, but at the same time Im disappointed that there's no better option in 2025.
He left out some really decent cameras and didnt even use the highest end model of Viofo? Where is Vantrue N4?....
The problem with the dashcam market, is that yses there are thousands of brands, but there are only like 3 companies that make the actual visual sensor and software for the cameras.
Just looked into the coolcrazy and viofo. The viofo a119 (I believe that's what was used in the video) is 99 dollars on Amazon, the cool crazy is 90 dollars but has front and rear cameras but offers a front only for under 60 dollars which is more budget friendly for some.
How did you mount all these cameras to get the same point of view, same time of day with all of them at once?  Not doubting results, just thinking about logistics of mounting this many.
Agent Pleakley, you're not fooling anyone😂
Can you do a video on cold air intakes? There are 2 camps now: 1 that sucks in hot air around the engine bay and lie about it and the other that cost 4 times as much to not suck hot air just like the OEM air box does. What's the point
Could you review steam cleaners?
I bought the Street Guardian SG9667. Expensive, but it's so clear and consistent. Served me well for years.
The fact the we see the same truck at that junction with the stop sign in the footage of all cameras means they were all mounted at the same time. The Project Farm vehicle must have a huge windscreen 😂.
Respect for the effort put into the making of this video!
Interesting content,... But his voice 😬😳😵
I’m looking to upgrade my dash cam, the viofo looks extremely good for the price, I believe it has Sony image sensors, which will explain the image quality.
My neurons click whenever I hear "very impressive !!" Amazing review once again, I plan on purchasing the VIOFLO thanks to you.
The miden had the mid 2000s Mexico filter on it
How do you feel about people who put clear/smoked plastic license plate covers that inhibit the clarity and reflective properties.  These cars can cause accidents and get away with it even if caught on dash cam.
When Linus Tech Tips looked at dash cams I seem to recall that prettymuch all the dashcams used sensors from the same company.  Not sure if that's changed since.  Part of me has considered getting a DSLR to get actually good footage.  But then, I don't have that kind of cash.
One word - "Legible"
when it comes to dash cams you are really paying for the CHIP. It defines the capabilities.
I know some of these tests were subjective in grading but still an excellent job!!!!!!!!
I’ve got a question, did you get the video capture from streaming through an app or from the SD card directly? They usually have better quality off the SD card directly
Yup a lot of Dashcam channels here in Germany have already recommended Viofo, they seemingly really make the best cams out there…
I have the Rove R2-4K (front only) and more recently the Rove R3 (Front/Cabin/Rear). They work well but I'm really liking the looks of the Viofo offerings. Since they've upped the game in the 4K world. My Rove only does 25fps in 4K whereas the Viofo A329 can do it at 60fps and the A229 Pro Duo can do 4K at 30fps but both are 2K in rear whereas my Rove R3 only does 1080p in rear.
But who uses one and why?
There is a well known brand called 70mai (4K Dash Cam A810-2) this could be competing with VIOFO
Great video but when it comes to the initial comparison, the voice over edits are driving me nuts. The first couple words are fine but the end of the sentence is SO annoying.
Use ONLY the cards Viofo suggests. Every 10-15 min mine was chanting”recording started” 2-8 times, then would double been every couple seconds. I ordered the memory card per their specs a year ago, the brands they suggest have changed. They sent me a test card and it’s worked well for a day so far.  Why didn’t you test Rex  brand?
Thanks for the Great Quality Review
Just a couple of things. While I appreciate the effort that you’ve put in to the video, your testing methodology is flawed.   Stationary at X distance really doesn’t mean anything. Unless you’re reviewing parking mode.  Same with trying to capture a street sign on the side.   While dash cams do have wide FOV, they are designed to capture in clarity directly in front, at distances between 9-30ft. A camera that captures at 10ft not 30ft does not mean it’s a bad camera, but that’s what they have designed the lens to focus on, and the same in reverse.   HDR, STARVIS etc are also not night vision. They improve all lighting conditions.   (I work for a dash cam company)  Edit: just one last thing to add, resolution does not equate to a better quality recording. Resolution determines how much is captured, but the sensor defines the quality.
Thank you sir, you're the go to source of unbiased, backed up with testing, opinions of many a folk. Have a good one.
Sorry, but this guy's high pitched hollering voice is grating on me. I wish he'd speak a lot more softly instead of yelling.
I have been waiting to buy a dashcam until you did this review
I have the VIOFO and I have it with rear view cam its really good dash cam
I’ve been waiting a long time for such a detailed review. You sure nailed it!
Awesome test! Glad I bought a Viofo 18 months ago for all my cars! Install was very easy too
I just ordered the red tiger f17 so I feel pretty good seeing how the red tiger  f7 did
0:27 did you take off the plastic from the lens?
I bought the Red Tiger for my son when he got his license last year. It is a good dashcam so far. No issues and is pretty clear in most lighting. The rear camera is decent too.
Take the top 2 of this video and put them up against the big dogs in the dash cam business to see if their value can beat out the cams that are 5x the price like Vantrue, Blackvue, and Cobra.
I have 4 Viofo A119 v3 and they worked flawless for 2 years now. I live in SC and the heat in the car hasn't killed it yet.
I have the red tiger and I really do like it.  But the software needed is a pain when downloading it.  Now we just need someone to do a software deep dive to figure out which is most user friendly!
i have the rove and i will always spend an extra buck to get that good quality. I haven't needed it yet but I have caught a few nice street races I've done....
Would love a review for The Best Ice Cream Scoop haha
Thank you for your hard work and contribution for all of us. This is very informative and well explained.
Great job! I've been procrastinating buying a dash cam for months due to a lack of information and video reviews, until now, thanks to you. This is so helpful. Thank you making this video.
u get what u pay for. btw: resolution and light handling are just two aspects, there's way more to put attention on, such as heat development, gravity sensors, bitrate, GPS accuracy, power consumption, multi channel ability, etc etc etc  you should've checked the VIOFO A229 Pro. top notch.
I don't suppose you ride motorcycles? Cameras do funny things from their vibrations. That would be an interesting test with new benefits and case needs.
Ive been running a 70mai Dash Cam Pro+ and its been working surprisingly well, i went to mexico and took images on it while driving of giant off the highway signs, 1 of a tire brand name in the shape of a tire and the otherof mayonnaise and it did amazing getting the images, i did try it out going locally and it does great seeing everything in front and by the a pillars front sides and a portion of the dashboard,and plates, ive got it in my 2016 f150 and my 98s10 because i have 0 trust in anyone on the roadway, its a very clear image and its able to do a 256gb sd card but its only able to handle 128gb max according to the manufacturer
Your voice has become weird compared to a few years ago. You're making a meme out of yourself with the way you build up every scentence. Can't stand it anymore.
I got the Viofo a119 v3 for ~60€ and I'm so happy with it, I might get a rear cam at some point but for now it does the job so well for the price
What about Blackvue Camera? They are expensive but are they worth the money?
Before I buy something, I always check to see if Project Farm completed a review. Great video, thank you!🇺🇸
VIOFO all the way!  I have A229 front and rear.
This one was $8 more but it's only 99 cents better, hahaha
Great info but your voice makes it hard for me to listen.
Thanks great job.
FYI the VIOFO a129 plus duo is an upgraded version of the VIOFO you showed and does a tiny bit better. It even comes with a backup camera. Highly recommend as other reviewers have praised it similar to what you showed!
Hey mate, great video! How about Rear view mirror/reverse camera for old cars you already have the RedTiger CoolCrazy brand, another popular brand is WolfBox, thank you
Hey PF. Can you do a comparison between microphones? Which can pick up sound better and which can record closest to real voice tone...
excellent video as usual, thank you
11:37 you called the RedTiger the Ovaman
How did the same pickup truck come around the corner for nearly all the sunset tests?
I bought 2 v300 at the summer time here in California. It literally melted just a few months i had it. Garbage!
How about differences in def fluid brands?
Best dashcam comparison review on YT.  Even better than those dedicated dashcam channels.  Excellent job!
Geez, this must have been a shooting and editing nghtmare, thanks for sharing it, quite informative.
No Garmins? Those seem to be the most popular from what i've seen. I would request getting a Garmin or 2 and even if it's a very short 5 min video, just throwing it up for comparison to these other ones you tested here. I've never even heard of any of the ones you tested at all.
The biggest issue I've had with now 3 dash cams, is that I live in Utah, It spends many days over 100 degrees here. Dash cams just don't like that.
Oh man of course this comes out 2 weeks after just buying a new dashcam and hardwiring it.   However, it looks like I picked correctly as I bought a VIOFO!
Glad I made the right choice to get a viofo dashcam a couple months ago😅
[9:06] Respectfully, I think you got it backwards here. The CoolCrazy's image is nowhere near as detailed and sharp as the RedTiger. The CoolCrazy looks like an oil painting, while you can make out individual blades of grass and even wood grain on the building in the background within the RedTiger's image. The tops of the letters on the streets sign are starting to blend together due to over-exposure and over-sharpening in the CoolCrazy's image, while the RedTiger has neither of those problems.
Is there a dash cam that has a 1/4" threaded mount on the bottom?  I don't like things that stick to windshields.  They can come off when you don't want them to or be difficult to remove when you do.  I prefer to use a weighted beanbag type base.
👍👍😊
Next video plz do manual pipe cutters
Where do they come up with the names??? I have a Garmin Mini 2. I love it
Nice job yet again 👍   Have you done a review on USB chargers like 50/65/67/100/150 watt multi port chargers?
Great video but the constant fluctuations in pitch is and tone of voice force me to watch with closed caption
I have viofo for ten yesrs...the viofo is made wirh sony components and has capacitor 🔋 battery
Damn this was a good test! Well executed, thank you!
These reviews always forget environmental durability.  I buy at least 1 new dashcam every year because they fail in the heat.  I've taken to purchasing the Amazon warranty to save the $135.
Legend, best ever 🎉
I needed this video 3 months ago!! Good info to have anyway. Thanks for your hard work!
Thanks for another excellent and unbiased review. Cheers.
At 9:10 you say the CoolCrazy looks sharper, but to me it looks like the RedTiger is sharper?
Please take some elocution and voice management lessons.
Thank you Todd once more for the outstanding job
Hey Todd, could you do best steam cleaners?
I have the Pruveeo and you must have gotten a lemon, it’s crystal clear and I was able to go frame by frame when a traffic a-hole pulled a road rage move on me. But great test!
Any 📷 is better than nothing..
Thanks for this.
how about viofo vs gopro 5
hey , just to let u know, i will subscribe
Great review, I have been using the Garmin Dash Cam Mini and have been happy with it. I would have liked to see the Garmin brand represented in your test review.
Great review, I have been using the Garmin Dash Cam Mini and have been happy with it. I would have liked to see the Garmin brand represented in your test review.
Hi . Can you COMPARE THE  " OPTI GRILL "  WITH OTHER COOKERS .. IT COOKS FOOD PERFECTLY.. FROM RARE TO MEDIUM TO WELL DONE .. ITS COLOR CHANGING . REALLY COOL ..👍👍 CAN YOU FIND A BETTER ONE .. ?? Thank You 👍
Im missing power consumption test in parking mode. Ive got a Viofo A129 installed in my Honda CRV 3rd gen and the parking more really drains the battery a lot
For those who are interested in the Viofo A119 but want front and rear cam, there is the A129 duo which I have and I love it. It's basically the A119 but with a rear cam.
I appreciate all Your Research efforts into products I would now Purchase, Solely from the testing & comparison You and Your Team Provide. Thank You PROJECT FARM.
Sad that Blackvue didn't make it into the review!
YOUR VOICE IS EXTREMELY ANNOYING
Thank you. Your presentation was very informative.
Good video, this was very well done, thanks.  In summary, While China does compete, very well, at the higher end, they also absolutely saturate the 'cheap, nasty, crap' market.
I have been using the same Viofo since 2019. Back then it was eating the competition, especially at night. It has never failed me even though it was exposed to numerous extreme temperatures between -20 to 60 degrees Celsius. It also never drained my car battery in the parking mode even during long periods of more than 1 month (I used both optional hardwire and standard lighter socket power supply). Above it all it has simple emergency function and doesnt require any app to fully configure the settings. I keep using it with the same old microSD, never causing any error whatsoever. The optional lens filter does its job and reduces the reflections in the windscreen. It also has a cool feature - when all the windows are fogging, Viofo heats the windscreen up a little so it is clear in front of the lens (I mean it's not a feature, the device is just a bit warmer and that's the reason). BUT My friend bought the same model a couple years later and his camera was having a microSD error sometimes. Despite trying a few cards and formatting them regularly it was occuring from time to time. It isn't necessarily the dashcam that was causing those issues, but it might be.  In the summary I recommend Viofo A119 V3 and would definitely buy again. All the optional accessories are worth it, even GPS helps keep the windscreen tidy by serving as a power source and mount at the same time.
thank you for all of the incredible work that you do with these videos! would love to see you do a review of can openers, there are so many brands but all of them seem to be cheap junk or fall apart after short time for me. would love to know what the best truly is. thank you so much and i hope you are doing well.
several of those cameras played the same startup chime. in fact its the same chime that in MY dash camera, a Nexar brand. Makes you wonder if the software is licensed or if there is some white label dash cam that all these other brands are buying and repackaging.
Not surprised with viofo the are specialist in dashcam.
I like the Viofo performance but really wanted something with dual or three channels like the Wolfbox. It really seams to be the only option. Viofo does offer a two camera package but it is over $210. I have three vehicles I've been wanting to install cameras in and the $114 price is really appealing. The Wolfbox seems to give the best value for me in this comparison. I just wished he did a more in depth video for multiple channel cameras. This is the first Project Farm video where I've been left unsatisfied.
It would be good to add some A brand dash cams to compare.
Should have also tested the Korean brand Thinkware.
I've had dash cams back when 480p was considered standard.  I've been so pleased with my 70mai A810 that I bought two more for all our vehicles.  4k front / 1080p rear with Sony Starvis 2 IMX678 sensor.
I purchased the VIOFO 2 years ago. Glad to see it's still the best one available.
First dash cam I bought was TERRIBLE. The data transfer speeds were so slow it made my old LG phone look like an overclocked beast, on top of data transfer making the camera overheat. Worse the footage was saved in 1 min intervals with gaps inbetween. Wouldn't you know the footage I needed was in one of the gaps.
Great video as usual
I noticed you said nothing about the microphone. If any of them had a microphone. In today's age. Is someone approaches your vehicle you want to be able to record that person who's outside your car clearly. To capture every single word. Especially when it comes to police. If you can't do that. It doesn't matter if it's $30 or $1,000
What about a Garmin dash cam? That's what I use.
No 70mai??
Great product to review, thanks!
I bought that red tiger camera a few months ago as more of a security camera, post car getting vandalized. Its been pretty handy and its continuous loop feature is real nice. I dont need to constantly download video off of it, but when i do its nice and quick. I do notice the rear camera has some issues getting detail and grabbing low light during a sunny day though, i cant see anyone in their car behind me if they are cast in shadow, like i can in my rearview.
What the hell.  The audio quality is diabolical and made the review unwatchable.  Sort it out!
If i closed both my eyes, i thought i was listening to a narrator from the World Wrestling Federation hahaha
Hello, Humans When you feel pain or suffering, just know, the key to feeling better is - Positive, focused thoughts. You have the power to control yourself.  TERRANCE OUT
That voice is pretty hard for me to listen to
Thank you for your effort and honest comparison. It would be great if you could test other Viofo models and other brands like Blackvue together. Also, can you add another category for comparing the reading of license plates in different lighting conditions and various situations, such as oncoming traffic in the opposite lane at night?
Do you have a witness? Yes your honor, according to recordings obtained from coolcrazy,
This is also a good comparison of people's eyesight.
Could you do a test on body cams please, like your stuff
should have added a heat resistance test, mine was dead within two weeks because of the heat 120f
Anything not made in china 😂😂😂
I have a Viofo A119 Mini 2 (~$90 on black friday, I see it on Amazon now for $138) and it's working great in my Gen 6 Subaru Outback! It's just the front, but it's gonna be enough to cover you in most situations, and it's super clear and easy to use. IMO, the dashcam would lose a lot of value if you can't access the videos fast and easily, the Viofo's interface is very smooth and even if I have to wait a minute for the video to download, the wifi connection straight to your phone is a game changer.   for those with a Subaru, which often have eyesight sensors on top windshield, I fit my Viofo in between the two sensors and it doesn't interfere, the wire goes down to an internal cigarette 12V, but you can also hardwire it to the battery for 24H parking mode. Just sharing my experience, if you are debating dashcams please just get one in general! You're going to wish you had one when the time comes
Switched off……can’t stand listening to that comic voice
Your high pitched voice sounds like you're in need of speech glasses.
You have very informative videos, but do you need to scream in every video?
8:17 You got a really good laugh outta me there LOL. Though I'm surprised you didn't have venture and similar popular brands in this testing. Though I know they are pretty expensive.
None of these cameras look like 1080p video quality, let alone 4K. They are closer to a 480p resolution. The sensor might be capable of high resolution but these are all using plastic Alibaba lenses with terrible processors - the artifacts on some of the dashcams were like watching worms
VIOFO has long been a standout player in the dashcam market, with reasonable prices and excellent quality sensors and software. Have bought multiple for myself and family. One downside is their multi camera models usually are limited to 30fps instead of 60fps, so they can struggle a little more with faster motion if you decide to get the rear view camera. An annoying tradeoff to get better video coverage.
I have the ridtiger f17 3 channel and it works great for what i need.  It's clear and what I need to keep my vehicle secure and incidents recorded. Could it be sharper,  and better functionality,  sure. But I'm not making youtube clips out of it.
you sound like a horse racing commentator 😄
Thank you for this review,  but this cameras are too cheap. I would never buy one off these.
I've been using crash cams for years and as others have stated, any cam is better than no cam. Even blurry footage shows what happened. My current camera is a china no brand from ebay and it is about the same as 'rove' in performance, but it cost only £23 ($28 ish). Now I know what to get next. Thank you for this amazingly informative video.
👍👍
You did a lot of work with this video
Viofo is up there for years..
You should have included a NextBase camera. The base models are no more expensive than the more expensive Chinese models, and vastly superior build and image quality.
What a thorough and no-nonsense comparison. I've been quite happy with the Red Tiger unit the past few months. I'd say it even performs better than the Garmin DCmini2 it replaced.
thanks
Noisy. Not grainy. A digital camera cannot produce grain.
Terrible voice! Unbearable!
If aliens came right now they'd be very confused as to why so many people are watching a commercial for so many bad chinese dashcams
We got Project Farm doing a Dash cam comparison before GTA VI 😂😂😂
I've got the A139 3CH (uses the better Starvis 2 sensor*) myself, and my gf the A119. These are great camera's. That said, if you don't have the money for a good camera, just get a cheap one. No matter how shitty your camera is, it still helps in almost all situations. Someone backs up into you and claims you hit them in the back? Even a horrible camera will show that this is not true. Other person drives into you while you have a green light, a horrible camera will still show you this.  If you have the money, get a good one, I would highly recommend Viofo. But if you don't, get a cheap one.  Oh and make sure to get a high endurance SD card. Videos keep rewriting the card, they will eventually break because of that. High endurance will last longer.   *While some camera's have a starvis 1 or 2 sensor here, they are absolutely shit. I don't know if they actually have those sensors, but if they do, their software is absolutely horrible. The A139 absolutely outperforms the A119.
Ahh, so awesome to know I made the right choice!   "Last purchased Sep 2, 2022"  Still works just fine btw :)
70mai or ddpai 👍
I can't seem to find the VIOFO you used even with the link? Big sadge :(
The answer @17:30
Any dashcam will work. Yell out the LP#
I had the ThinkWare F70 for a few months and it has been good to me! However, I really suggest a second part with this particular model and other brands that might have a goofy name, like the Cool Krazy one and it performed very well…
The Viofo that you found was best uses a first gen Sony Starvis sensor. There are other cameras like the A119 Mini 2 around the same price from Viofo that use the Starvis 2 sensor. Those are significantly better. This video honestly doesn't test any of the actually good cameras on the market. The Starvis 2 sensors (IMX 678 for 4k and IMX 675 for 1440p) are well regarded as the best sensors in dashcams, and nothing else really comes close. The only reason the Rove didn't perform well is because it has poor processing, so it is wasting the sensor's potential.  Something like a Viofo A119 Mini 2 vs Viofo A229 Plus vs Vantrue E1 Pro vs Vantrue S1 Pro comparison would be nice. As far as I know Viofo and Vantrue are known to have the best image processing (Thinkware is good too but their good dashcams are expensive). Throw in the Rove R2-4K and maybe the 70mai A510/A810, then vs one or two popular dashcams without Starvis 2 sensors. Maybe throw in a Starvis (not 2nd gen) sensor dashcam in as well (like the A119 V3). If you have the budget, throw in a Thinkware U3000, Viofo A329, Vantrue N4 Pro and Vantrue E360 as the premium options.
Did your really drive around with 11 dash cams stuck to your window at the same time... I low key wanna see a picture of the windshield with them all up
I can't wait to watch this. I needed you 10 years ago.  I bought like 3 or 4 dash cams i thought would work out but they died immediately upon summer. They should obviously be rated to be located in a hot car for extended periods of time.
I’m surprised Garmin dash cams were excluded.
Could you please review pillows?? I only trust your honest reviews.
also, "in no particular order" seems to be incorrect :D
cool, I would have expected many of them to be exact copies of each other
I like the visual quality of my viofo mini but I've had to send the first one back as it stopped responding to my voice commands. Now the one I have I played back some footage and it not recording the sounds. I will troubleshoot and see if I can make it work.
Why are you yelling
You would think that one thing that dash cams would be good at is reading license plates. I don't understand why we can't get a dash cam that is just really good at reading license plates. You can have a clear face, but if you don't know who the person is, it's pretty much worthless.
Your balls will drop one day.
is it possible to just buy an actual small camera and mount it the same way? not sure if it can help with the video quality
Like your vacuum video, I think you went low tier again.  While I understand trying to stay in the "affordability" arena is important, the only one that's really viable is the Viofo.  The others are cheap dash cams.  None of these would survive in hot climate cars where the temps get to almost 200 degrees in the cabin.  I think electronics like this need a bit more research done on them.  I appreciate a lot of your reviews but I think you are going outside your element here.  I think item longevity should play a big part in what you review.  We've become a throwaway society that needs to change.
In the final table, if ratings go from 1 to 5, what do 6 to 11 ratings mean?
You should do battery powered self propelled lawnmowers. Bought one last year and now it’s bricked.  People should know what brands to stay away from for such a pricey item💰💰💰
Great video, thank you. Nothing was mentioned about how long the recording capacity is?
Now I know what to buy.
Another excellent video!!   Viofo for the win!  Todd's Neighbors probably:  Look, look, look, look, Earl, what the hecking heck is he doing now?  He just keeps driving by back and forth.  That man has lost it I tell you hwhat! LOL
Blackvue vs Viofo would be an interesting comparison to include next time, along with Navman and Uniden - very common here in AU! Next time, try to also include some tests of motion readability of a numberplate at high speed, like on a freeway at day and night, cars coming towards you with headlights, and also the ability to read from the peripheral on a wide angle, which is an area really challenging. I'd also love to see some comparison of the features like parking monitoring and more advanced features such as number plate recognition and automatic video protection (e.g. emergency stop). These would bring your next dashcam comparison to the next level! Also FYI, the VIOFO has newer models with up to 3 cameras on a single device, including with >1080p support.
Thanks VIOFO fan here
I've bought two Viofo A129 and one Viofo A119 Mini 2. The image quality is excellent but reliability is not there. They go crazy over time. They randomly stop and start recording and turn WiFi on an off randomly too. Sometimes I'm driving on a smooth road and it automatically locks the video clip as if there was an impact. I'm afraid it won't be recording when I need it the most. Switching to something different.
I didn't watch the whole thing. I guess viofo by looking at the end of the video. The viofo's strength for me is, automatic GPS time without having to readjust time every time it restarts. The other one I have is in pain to readjust every time.
PLEASE do a video on solar pathway lights. There is so much bs from so many different manufacturers, this would be a truly great video. (Battery life, luminescence, minimum light to charge, whether they break with, kicks, a weed wacker, being run over, rust. Summer versus winter mode. etc...)
Jbg travels youes viofo in his truck he got one with 2 camera
Just for extra info from my side: The Viofo and the Coolcrazy have a build in capacitor instead of a lithium battery. I prefer a cap. Viofo is a brand that is in the market since years. I think it is one of the better brands from China. I had a Viofo Cam before, lasting 7 years. Even though its resolution on paper was not as good as others, but the image quality and adaptation to various lighting conditions was superior to others, especially at night. Todd, is this your first Dashcam review? You are a "one man testing institute"! Amazing how quickly you can drill to the core issues.
Viofo sales after this📈
I loved learning this. I would love to see more on dash cameras if possible. Also, can you do a test on driving past a parked or moving car with headlights on to see if the license plate is readable? I've seen a few hit and run videos where the license plate is unreadable. Great video, again!
absolutely well done
Great video but I need you to compare the best from this group against the really expensive ones like Vantrue N5 or N4 and cobra smart dual view and mangoal front 4k and even a mirror cam by wolf box g890 and another one called EYES 2K 3Channel Dash Cam just to see if more expensive means better quality thanks.
BEST ! THE BEST testing cases in real life from the whole internet. Awesome! Big bravo!
Thx u r the best
No Thinkware?
Awesome videos man you’re a blessing to this world Can you do a review for the best 2 story telescopic ladder please 🙏
Last time i looked into dashcams found out only 2 companies make cameras for them
Thanks for the video. I’ve been wanting to buy cameras for both of our vehicles. I too like the Viofo the best.
Tombo 360 X   by raydeen . Hands down...
Using a mini USB cable is a deal breaker.
Did a great job. I have cams in both cars, both fwd and aft facing. One is a VIOFO and one THINKWARE.... Both very good.
Wondering - Best waterproofing (Scotch-guard ?) product for sneakers / boots...
Wham Baam Dashcam has had coupons for the Viofo's. I have one of them and another rando named one from china that is decent. And a box full of the above ones and others. Absolutely recommend getting a cam, even a cheap poor one can be enough to prove a situation and save a person from tickets.
I bought the 2nd one…. It sucked. Didn’t even last a week before it wouldn’t read the sd and would just yell at you and not work.
What an awesome presentation. Thank you kindly!
Can you do a video on car drying towels?
I see no difference. Maybe because I'm watching this in 144pusing my phone as a hotspot.
Thank you for doing so much work to make this video!!! This has been the most informative channel I've seen on just about everything. The Viofo is incredible. It'll definitely be a better cam than what I have. Except it doesn't have a rear cam.
Thank you, sir. Just what i was looking for!
I was hoping you would test heat and cold resistance, 120 degree dashboards in the summer and 0 degrees in the winter kill electronics.
I use ToGuard dashcam, 4 years old, has display, cost 30bucks, works great. Have friends and family that spent 100+ on their dashcams, all dead within 2 years.
So glad you did this one. I started dashcamming in 2012 but only ever used camcorders or GoPros because I couldn't afford to sample enough dashcams to find a good one. People often ask me to recommend cams to use and I'm going to refer them to this vid. For those curious, GoPros make excellent videos as dashcams but they are high maintenance
$2.69 a gallon for gas!?!?!? That's the best part of the video.
70 mai way better
No Rexing?
amazing he got that truck to drive by the exact same way like 16 times
Amazing video as always. Here in India, as per Viofo's website, it seems the V3 has been replaced by the Mini 2. Do you have a way of testing it against the V3?
Where is the ventrue brother? We use these in our cars, they are little pricey, but.. man, let me tell you that police were amazed a few times when we needed it for them! Try it out at some point in the future, viewers won’t regret it!
Simple. Just 🙏 thanks
This is entry level, which i appreciate. I have debated which dash cam is best from the 100ish to 300ish dash cam. Maybe a part 2?
me trying to dox project farm (/s):  Ah yeah, the wolfbox makes the street signs way more readable  (Also not surprised at MO)
Never clicked on a video faster in my life.😂
Please make a video on Iron remover for car paint.
Cop: Your driving is highly suspicious. PF: The difference between science and messing around is writing it down.
Your videos show an incredible amount of integrity. There is basically no room for opinions or biases to show, we just get the facts.  I would love to see you compare various ADAS systems.
Was looking for this showdown as I also suggested dash cam battle would be great content. Very sad that there's no Vantrue though since I feel that gets recommended a lot along with Viofo
No 70mai cams? 4k video with internal battery and GPS…
"Enhance the image" "Ok, enhancing 800%" "Jesus Christ, it's Just Blur"!
Dang that viofo is sexy
For $100 I can buy Garmin Mini 2. Which is much better than Chinese no names. ..
So, were all the cameras mounted at the same time for the road test?
Trail Cameras next, please!
I am not surprised that the Viofo is the best overall. They are generally considered the best for the buck dashcam in the market.
I have a Viofo 119 Mini 2 and it works great
Wait 2.69 for gas? We're $1 more
Am shopping around for a dash cam, came upon your video.  Came away confident in choosing what I actually wanted.  Much kudos!
No way he did dashcams 😱
I've had Viofo for 7+ years... I know it's one of the best
Your dash probably looked INSANE from the POV of that white truck coming at you
Oscar-worthy work here!  Thanks
I was thinking about looking into a replacement for my BlackVue 530 for awhile. Know I know a direction to go
Got 2 red tigers. Very satisfied. Nearly caught a tbone and another lane violation accident. I avoided both.  Put 1 up on vid already.
Rechargeable tire pumps..?
nICE
The brands/sellers surely won't mention the compression being used, the light sensor (reliably/believable if it's genuine) and if any firmware is custom.  But it would be cool to know and compare those details.  Then we'd know better how real the 1080 and 4k claims are even possible with the hardware. Although yeah, clarity in all light sources is the goal - the sensor and compression can definitely make "4k" look like the late night 90s fuzzy channel
Why the heck did you use the crapy version Viofo.  I have been using the pro version Fiofo for over 7 years... why didn't you use the 4k pro verdin Viofo. It would have outperformed all of the ones you tested combined.   VIOFO A129 Pro Duo 4K Dual Dash Cam 3840 x 2160P Ultra HD 4K Front and 1080P Rear Car WiFi Dash Camera 8MP Sensor GPS, Buffered Parking Mode, G-Sensor, Motion Detection, WDR, Loop Recording
I have a viofo a229pro with the Sony starvis 2 sensor and it's pretty damn good. Front camera does 4k at 30fps and the rear does 1440p. They have another model up I think the a329 pro that does 4k 60fps but I didn't think it was worth the price increase.
To me the winner is the camera with FOUR cameras. It finished in the middle but captures way more angles. This advantage more than surpasses the other cameras quality.
"911, what's your emergency?" "Yeah, this SUV keeps driving back and forth, real slow, in front of my house. I think I going to be robbed tonight. I wanna know: What does the law say about using deadly force on intruders? I don't want to go to jail."
I have the arifaze. It died in a week and constantly gave me issues. Never buy this product.
My viofo 229 is pretty fantastic. Has done issues with pitch dark nights and reflective plates though
Great review. One thing I noticed you didn’t take into account was the angle of the lens. Can the performance of the Viofo be put down to the narrow angle? How important is the angle? With the Viofo you get the best picture, but maybe miss something important if there was a crash because you are losing 30 degrees compared to the other top performers?
Great Video! VIOFO Rocks!
Ashley Neal has been showing us how good the Viofo is for years now :). It should also be noted they absolutely do make models with rear cameras and are one of very few manufacturers that also offer an EXTERNAL rear camera, i.e. a waterproof one that can be mounted on the outside of the car, for use on convertibles :).
Would love to see a part 2 where you test the cameras in extreme weather conditions. I had my dash cam die about 2 years after I bought it from being overheated in the sun.
I bought the viofon amd it is great. My priblem with it is the cinnecting to  the app. Turning on its wifi tk connect is a pain in the but.
I have a Viafo for over year now.  Its very sharp
Thank you, I placed a comment asking dash cam test. Very impresive!!!!!
Dang I was just searching for dash cams too,
I have the Vifo dashcam myself.  Its a good camera and has very nice quality
You should do heads up displays for cars
Thank you! I'm wondering if you will do tests on cams that are useful.
Anything better than these ?
viofo use latest sony sensor......
Old cellphones make better dashcams video 📹 only
Wheres the bluegrass band remix of 'The Rove is on the Left and the Wolfbox is on the Right'?
I like his videos, but that voice….gets on a nerve
I'm exhausted just watching 😄
the  most important test should be plate readability in all the rest of the situations not just stopped
Love the projectfarm review style. I’m really hoping for the same video but the more expensive dash cams like the rove R3 and Garmin ones.
Thanks!
Thise street signs were definitely clearer on the red tiger over the rove r2, and would've been about the same if not better than the wolfbox. I think the red tiger even had the cool crazy beat. Coolcrazy seemed over exposed.
12:30 none could capture the plate of the truck...
Thank you for this! Please revie Blackvue too. they are a premium brand, I wonder how it stacks against the Viofo
I just bought yesterday and installed today  a Viofo A119 Mini2 based upon this video. I will try it for a couple of days and then buy additional for my wife and sons.
Blackvue ..  ? these are all junk
"performing 99 cent better" That's the best. gonna remember it for a long time. lol
I tell people get the one that’s within your budget. But I’m very happy with my REDTIGER. I. Got my step daughter, so much so I got one for myself. 😅
crazy how dashcams dont come with polarized/ND filters as standard to eliminate any night time image blowout and how they are all barely the quality of an iphone 3gs or 5 at distance, no reason in 2025 a dash cam should be less sharp than a cell phone
You should have tested some name brand cams. Like the Garmin mini2
Amazing
The only product reviewer that I actually trust 🙏  Looking forward to part 2 with high end dash cams
You reviewed absolute trash. Buyers wont know rhe diff between 720 p 4k and more.. review some better quality cams. The crap you sourced from e bay and amazin are pure trash. Of course buyers wont admit they bought a pile of crap,,, but they did. Then they take it tonthe local car audio shop so they can say the shop screwed it up and now want money back. Thats the truth w junk dashcams and the reason pro installers wont touch them….ps i do like your channel, the test bed was cool, as always. Thanks
SAD when all products you test are all Chinese Junk.
I haven’t pulled the trigger on this purchase bc I just didn’t know how to narrow it down ty so much for your service. I will always recommend your videos to others. I respect the work you do man
Love that you did this test. Very been a huge fan of Viofo for years now. Glad to see that your detailed testing shows it as the clear winner
4:00 Now that is dedication, Showing off your injuries. Injuries will not stop Project Farm !
How did you know I needed a Dash cam ?   You should do manufacture commercials for the brands you recommend.
I'm not impressed with any of them.
Todd remains undefeated yet again when pronouncing the silly brand names. Outstanding.
$2.69 omg you must live in the south so cheap!
Not sure if it’s possible or maybe already been posted but I’d love to see best wireless and wired soldering irons. Your videos are seriously helpful. Thank you. Question pretty much all dash cams use the same wiring so essentially if you have an aftermarket one installed I could swap it out for and upgraded one without running new wires ?
It's crazy with how long the viofo has been around that it's still is the one to beat
I need one that is idiot proof and always recording. . .
Why weren’t Garmin cameras included?  I’m considering a Garmin 67w.  Thanks love your content.
Great video analysis. Well designed test. Thanks again!!
Of course and I don't know if you've already done it but security cameras for home come to mind. I do appreciate the car cameras though because of thought of getting one of them also...
@projectfarm you should test windshield wipers
Thank you. That was great
Thanks
THANK YOU FOR THIS GREAT REVIEW.  I THINK AND HOPE YOU DO REPEAT THIS  GREAT TESTING WITH OTHER DASHCAMERAS THERE HAS TO BE A  HIGH END QUALITY  DADHCAM OUT THERE.  FROM BROOKLYN NY
I've been using VIOFO Dash Cam A119 for several years now and I'm pretty pleased with them. The only problem I have had is with them losing contact to the dock and not powering up so I had to use a usb cable.
I have VIOFO dual for front and rear windows. Great camera, I was watching a lot of reviews to find it and it feels great to be right
It’s still amazes me how poor dash cams are, a few years old action camera will give you way better clarity. Until someone combines an action cam with dash cam software we are stuck with what we have. Great segment, be interested to see how some of the Nexar dash cams stack up.
The most amazing thing about this video is the fact that gas was only $2.69 per gallon.
Which cam had the best audio? Best GPS?
Get a BlackVue or Viofo.
Came here to see the Rhino talk about dash cams.
As always, great review and very helpful.  I understand there are a lot of makes but I'm a little surprised not to see representatives from Vantrue or Garmin.
This is the exact review I can use. I've been looking at dashcams and this was very helpful.
And Vantrue?
The main to look for when buying a camera is to make sure it uses a supercapacitor as opposed to a lithium-ion battery. My first 2 cameras were lithium-ion battery and melted/expanded in the summer heat (in California and the midwest). Worth it to pay extra for a camera with a supercapacitor like the Viofo.
I wonder what he does with all of these products he reviews. Like, are they just stored somewhere or does he resell them or something? He's gotta have like 200 drills.
Why did you leave out the very popular 70Mai?
Not surprised to see Viofo on top. Next time could you test the cameras in the hot, cold, and maybe some kind of simulated crash? Doesn't matter if you have the best image quality if it overheats on a summer day or doesn't work in the cold or worst of all doesn't capture your crash on an impact. I've heard the cheap ones will fail in this regard.
Viofo A229 Pro FTW!!
The same thing with the stop sign. Another truck in the sceen over and over.  Unless you have all the cameras on your windshield at the same time. Then you would have the curve of the windshield to contend with so the camera on the curved part would be out of focus.   🇺🇲🇺🇲🪖🪖👮👮🚓🚓
Thank you! Been waiting for this. Any chance we can get a round two with some name brands? Garmin, Cobra, etc.? Great work!
How about a ferro rod fire starter showdown? 💥🔥
How did you do the road sign test?  With everyone the same white truck was going in the opposite direction. Unless you had every camera on your windshield at the same time,it would not be possible for that truck to be at that location for Everytime. Just saying 😮.        🇺🇲🇺🇲🪖🪖👮👮🚓🚓
Protect this man at all cost 🙏
Was $114…after this video dropped it is now $390
If only these companies would put a good sensor, lens and fps at a higher rate and stop putting all those other useless features in the software then we'd have a good dash cam.
Well that's good news for Ashley Neal and his VIOFO promos :P
I knew it!  You are practically my neighbor.
Anyone like the wolfbox brand? If so what model would you recommend? Have a VIOFO for my daily but want a wolfbox for a rear view camera since one of my vehicles is not equipped with one
That's all chinese crap using basically the same chips, so don't expect too much. You can take whatever you want more or less. It would be cool when GoPro & Co. would bring out a dash cam.
Todd, wham baam tesla cam/dash cam recommends viofo as well.  Not sure if same model however.  If you do this again, could you do a Rexing brand as well?
Was hoping to see how the Garmin Mini 3 stacked up. In the same price range as the ones tested here.
And the Viofo has a 3 camera system…perfect for semi trucks.
Anyone have any experience with those rear view mirror dash cams that double as a back up camera from Amazon? It simply clips over your rear view mirror
Caffeine free?
I gave up made China for Lent I know that’s going to be hard to do probably but I’m certainly gonna give it the old college try😋
👍👍👍👍👍
Totally appreciate the work you put into this video. Great information. The only thing I will critique is your variable inflection voice is blowing up my mind after a gummy!!!!!!! lol!!!
Dude in the red house is all "am I being stalked?"
Could you do raingear?
Just purchased the rover3 dual record front/rear dash cam and it's terrific
Seriously, i just bought a cam the otherday
Haha, whoever lived in that red house must have thought they had a stalker, stage 4 living in the area  Thanks for covering these. I've actually been intending on getting a dashcam on my todo list. You saved me a lot of research
Lol I love the random Chinese brand names. One of these is literally Erin Yeager.
Hey great video’s btw. Could you do one on built in rear view mirror cams like the wolfbox g840s
Been using a dashcam for nearly 10 years. It has saved me from insurance company bs several times.  Been using a transcend drive pro 200. Don't think they even exist anymore but video is incredible compared to some of these newer models.
do breaker bars!
Kids, yall settle down. My shows on!!
Why you get a trash dashcam there? Look for DDPAI AND 70mai try those
Or best heat induction for nuts and bolts
Awesome review.
I have no idea how you were able to manage testing each camera at the same time of the day.
Thanks GREAT information
I have that f7n redtiger one. Decent for the price.
Love my 70mai
Full endorsement for the VIOFO. We two in each car, front and back. You want the 4k for the rear so you get a clear shot of the idiot texting as they run into you.  We witnessed an accident, pulled over and got the email for the person hit and sent them the clip. They later told me the at-fault party's insurance was pushing back initially, until they got the video. Then it was, "We'll take care of it".
Yes thank you
Excellent video! I really like the way you think these things through. I'm a professional photographer and my life would be a lot easier if Nikon or Canon made a dashcam. I've been beating my head against the wall, trying to chose one. Every time I think I've made a decision, something new shows up.  One of the things that you showcased is the limited ability of digital cameras to capture a range of light. The range of dark to light that a camera can see used to be called "exposure latitude," but that isn't fancy enough in the digital world, so now it's called "dynamic range." The Viofo, RedTiger, and CoolCrazy cameras seemed to have the best dynamic range. They exhibited good shadow detail without losing highlights. That's pretty hard to do on an inexpensive sensor.  I like that you chose a backlit scenario, which is the toughest situation for an automatic camera. It is obvious that there is some sort of automatic exposure control going on in these cameras. There are three ways this can be done: Light sensitivity of the sensor, or ISO; shutter speed; and aperture, which is the size of the opening in the lens through which light passes. I am very interested to learn what method these cameras use. More sophisticated cameras can use all three.  The sensor's pixel count, in most situations, is not as important as the quality of the lens. A resolution of 1080p, which used to impress us, is more than sufficient for reading license plates and road signs; but it won't matter if the lens doesn't have the necessary sharpness.  In a case in which forensic examination is necessary, the video is usually paused. In that case a faster frame rate, or at least a faster shutter speed will render clearer details, but fast frame rates (which often require faster shutter speeds) lead to darker shadows.  There was a pretty broad range of white balance from one camera to the next as well. The poor old Miden was so warm it actually lost a little detail. I don't know the specs on those cameras, but I would almost bet that they all have fixed white balance. Once again, in legal situations, correct color balance can be important.  Thank you for this video, it has proven very helpful to me.
No garmin? I always get comments on good quality of image for garmin 57
You must have tested them all at once.  Same background movements.  How much is the SD card for the Viofo?  What capacity should be purchased?
I know there are hundreds of dash cam options out there. but maybe a round two including comparisons with action cams as well? Also, some brands like Sylvania offer dash cams as well available at part stores.
Thanks!
Can we get a video on the best 14” Diamond saw blades?
Should of used the Viofo 129Duo
The voice ?
You should have tested for heat endurance be mounted on the windshield in the sun all day
Your neighbors have got to think you're insane. all those cameras in the windshield....
At.least you didn't have to destroy all your product in testing. :)
I run the Rove 4k Pro and have no complaints. Dashcams have helped me prove that I wasn't at fault for an accident. I always recommend running one.
way too subjective ❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌❌
Bro, did you drive around with a dozen dashcams on your windshield?
"Who the hells been talking this entire time?"
Thanks for doing this comparison!
BEWARE: Do not rely on Viofo A119 to record an accident  Recently I drove way too fast over a speed bump and it really knocked my car around. Yeah I know, I should've paid more attention. But I learned something valuable about this dash cam that really disappointed me. The speed bump knocked my car around so much that I feel like it kind of simulated what an accident would be like, but to a lesser extreme. However, when I went back to look at the footage of my stupidity, the moment where I drove over the speed bump was missing from the SD card. So, while the car got knocked around a bit, that somehow prevented the dash cam from recording in that moment, or at least being able to save the file (and the one after it) successfully. I have the dash cam mounted with the sticky pad and it never fell down or got disconnected from power, yet it still failed to provide the footage AT THE MOST CRUCIAL TIME I WOULD'VE NEEDED IT, had it been a real car accident.  This might be a good dash cam to record a scenic drive, but don't rely on it to record when you need it most - proof for an accident that you may have. With the two missing videos, there was a 6 minute gap in recording on the SD card.  I was happy with this dash cam for the 18 months I used it, but after this mishap I realize I need to find a new one that won't fail when I need it the most.
Just wanted to note that if you want the top quality from the viofo but also want a rear camera, they have another model called the A129 which is compatible and comes with a rear camera. Obviously more pricey, but still cheaper than buying two A119s.
i just wanted to see a Garmin go against these
Love the channel, always making it easy for us to check which product is best! 👍
Can you do a video on the best automatic window washing machines? 🪟
Been using Transcend dash pro models for years with good luck. Batteries do go bad after a few years but can be changed if you’re handy.
Passed by all dash cam videos until I saw one by Project Farm. Here I am. 😊
Dash Camera for Cars
Very cool video, but I wish you would've tested the Rove 2 4K Pro, and some of the other brands, with the optional CPL Lens.  (CIRCULAR POLORIZER) They make a huge difference and are cheap enough @ $20.
Would love to see you do a video on a standard household 60 watt or 100 watt LED lightbulb. Testing for ones that handle poor voltage (older houses) and power losses would be interesting. Hard to simulate 10 years but maybe you could get some interesting data for us!
tnx
Viofo price bout to skyrocket
wish Rove R3 was in the competition. Just installed it day before yesterday after it set in the box for a year.  Great comparison. Lucky to have you do a video on these, thanks.
Went from a Rove 4k to a VIOFO A229 Pro this past year. Huge upgrade, will be getting another for my wife’s SUV.
Please do backup cameras and aftermarket head units next🙏
imagine running a VioFo A229 Pro Starvis2 4k camera... that image is so good... it's unbelievable. Ok its about 300$ but worth the money if details needed.
Is a go pro or something comparable good to use as a dash cam ?
Time to do an episode on checked luggage!
Thanks for the video
Hands down the most helpful video I've seen on this subject in quite some time. Keep up the great content!
I think you sold me on the cool crazy!
Ive had viofo since 2018, no problems at all, great quality product
The only thing i would have like to have been added would be the approximate install time and degree of difficulty. for the install(s)
OMG, This review could not have came at a better time,  our first child just got a driver permit and I was just thinking a camera would be a great option for a new driver.  Thanks for another great review!!!!
Great video very useful. Perhaps you can do a video on tablet holder that fit in a cup holder in a car.
Next you should do home security cameras. If possible focus on the ones that don’t require subscription. 😅 or maybe all wireless require subscription
I know the topic is "dash cams", but you should have thrown in a GoPro 4k 30 just as a 'standard candle'.
I wonder if there is any pancake air compressors that stand out. Thanks for what you do!
Ive got two of the A119 Mini 2s in my truck, ran to a obd2 to usb connector. Ease of use and clarity per peice is top notch.
Great reviews as always. Out of curiosity I went to Amazon and compared dash cams and VIOFO was on top with Redtiger next but there was no Coolcrazy so kudos to you.
after thinking about having one for a long while you finally pushed me to get one i appreciate you for testing these in all sorts of different conditions and senarios thankyou for this service this was my first intro to your ch subbed i cant wait to see what you make in the future
Dang, gas is under $3 in Peculiar MO?
Kind of disappointed with the options tested. I buy my dash cam as a quality insurance policy. Not as a “best cheapest” option. Where are the higher dollar options???
I'd love to see your take on scopes for rifles.
While I already knew that the Pruveeo was overpriced trash, I thought the Wolfbox was the best out there and still felt that it wasn't good enough to spend the money on due to the poor night performance. I'm definitely buying a couple Viofo cameras after seeing how well they did!
Great video,  thank you.
One of the first videos that I've seen where you really get what you pay for, and it keeps getting progressively better as you do. Got my friend a backup cam like 4 years ago. It was like $30. I think it does the trick for seeing if a human is behind you.
please make a video on bodycams, as they are multi purpose and use almost all the same test environments accept needing video stabilization and sound quality, and if the same tests are used they could be directly compared to dashcams.
Incoming price for viofo hahaha awesome informed video
Bro broke the internet with this one
I don't know what's funnier, thinking he drove past that persons house 11 different times to test each camera or realizing he drove past once with 11 dashcams strapped to his windshield.
I've been looking for this EXACT type of review. Thank you thank you thank you.  When I place my order, it will be through your affiliate link.
I would love to see you compare hand cleaning wipes! They seem to be getting more and more popular and there are alot of brands out there targeting mechanics and shop guys.
0:38 Easy to guess where it was made 😂
Exceedingly excellent and professional.
I bought an A119 when I bought my car back in 2018. I've since upgraded to a dual-channel A129, but that A119 is still rolling in our "backup" car. I'm glad to see your findings are in line with what I've experienced; Viofo is a great brand.
70mai?
This review is simply outstanding...and completely trustworthy. Thanks, PF!
Average milliradians per pixel center field (mpp-cf) is the ONLY metric you should care about for reading plates.  "Megapixels" is an advertising gimmick that only *roughly* correlates with mpp-cf.  Both the angular field of view and pixel width determine this metric together.  Many dashcam shoppers get tricked into thinking that having *both* a large angular view and large megapixels is good, but the truth is that the two metrics actually work against each other.  This is why many expensive dashcams *still* can't read plates well.  My mobile phone is 4032 pixels and roughly 120 degrees view when held sideways.  That gives me (120 deg)*(pi  rad/180 deg) / 4032 pixel  = 0.00052 rad/pixel = 0.52 milliradian per pixel (average).  If I multiply this number by the distance to the plate, I get the corresponding size of a single pixel of a small area on the plate in a photo.  At a distance of 75 feet, I get (0.00052 radian/pixel)*75 feet = 0.039 feet = 0.47 inches per pixel, which corresponds to about 2 pixels per inch.  A skinny plate letter is about 1 inch wide.  You need roughly a *minimum* of 4 pixels per plate letter to read the letter,  so I cannot read plates with my phone camera at 75 feet.  So how close do I need to be for my mobile phone to read a plate?   The distance in feet = 1 / (0.00052 rad/pixel * 4 pixel/in) = 481 in = 40 feet.  That's just about correct for my phone when I test it.  Because you're *dividing* by milliradian per pixel, you can see that a smaller value for this metric gives a larger plate-reading distance.  Mpp-cf is the only metric that matters for reading plates.  It's a value that is hard-set by your camera's lens(es) and it's digital CCD chip.
The wife and kids each have a rexing and I have a kenwood. The rexing can have a rear cam but it’s not hooked up. Video has been great for both brands. Whatever you do just get one. Mine has saved me three times with insurance companies!
Had viofo in all my cars for years, best you can get especially when you factor in the price
The cops watching this: "that guy is acting weird"
Or what's the best auto oscilloscope they have a bunch
I have Red Tigers in all my cars. I've been very happy with them.
Can you test oscillator blades? Can't seem to find a good one that's durable. Thank you for all your videos :)
Great reviiew of the dash cams chosen but useless to me if you don't tell which model,of the brand you are testing
Great review!
You just validated my purchase of Viofo. I always recommend this brand to anyone wanting a reliable and usable camera. Viofo is gold standard and I am not sponsored to say that.
Am I the only one that thinks he's doing a stewie griffin voice pitch gag
A119 Mini 2  better 🎉
Great video with a lot of info but I wished you could of tested some name brand dash cams like Garmin. I've been interested in buying one of these Garmin's mini2 & 47 & 67 but I haven't pull the trigger on one yet.  I was in a head on collision last Monday morning and now I'm ready to buy one after that.
Thank you for making this
Thanks..
This model from Viofo doesn't appear to have the ability to view and download videos off the SD card via wifi, while CoolCrazy does.  I don't want to have to eject the SD card to view the recorded footage.  VIOFO A229 Pro does have WiFi, a 4K front-facing camera and a 2K rear-facing camera.
Viofo have the best dashcam for capturing car license plates: the RTC300
I’ve had the Redtiger F7N since I got my car and I love it. Their customer support is always really good and get a free hardwire kit if you send them a message. I’ve recommended it to all my friends and they’ve been happy.
I have a dash cam in each car, one is a Kenwood DRV-A301 and the other is a Vantrue S1 4k. The Kenwood is absolute garbage and I wish that I never bought it. It's constantly (and randomly) popping up a message telling me that I should occasionally format my micro sd card or it is randomly restarting itself (maybe 1-2 a month). The Vantrue on the other hand isn't bad. It definitely wasn't cheap ($180 when I got it) but it has at least held up better than the ones that I've had in the past and certainly better than the Kenwood. I might have to give the Viofo a shot now to replace the Kenwood.
Bought a ROVE first, but sent it back for a Viofo 129. Then bought the Viofo 129 back camera. Absolutely stunning video that is crisp, sharp. Save money by purchasing the bundle with both front and back camera. Wish I had!
The narration makes this video unwatchable, please employ a narrator whose voice is listenable.
I have a nice dash cam, but my requirements are to record any incidents, vs clearly capture of signs.  However, after a year, I have decided to get a higher end dash cam setup. I’ve settled on the RedTiger. Front 4k, rear 2k. I have the hardwire kit already installed. So it will just be a matter of replacing the cable if need be. Excellent review video and will no doubt help many with their dash cam purchase.
Love your "Back to the Future" plates!  Keep up the great work, content and fun!
I've been advocating for Viofo dashcams for about a decade now. They entered the dashcam market starting with a direct line of communication to their community. The early firmware revisions came many times a month as people would post their experiences with bugs and even suggestions. The developers were open to feedback and constantly improved the firmware and hardware. Most dashcams take some inspiration from what Viofo pioneered hand-in-hand with the community.   eg The preference of super-capacitors over lithium based batteries is a result of many user's reporting bad experiences with them bulging or exploding in hot cars - something developers didn't anticipate as temperatures didn't usually reach that high in their area. They knew cars could reach 150F in some places and on paper the batteries were rated for those temperatures, but over time the exposure would diminish that rating. Temperature swings are harsh on fragile electronics like dashcams. Other issues with early models included components melting or UV lens burn-in. The community reported all these issues to Viofo and all were addressed over time.
Amazing review
Thank you for your review, it was very informative although your presentation is anxiety inducing and I don't get anxiety much. The inflection the fast talking the high pitch. It's like one of those high-speed dentist drills but in this case it's boring right into the listening brain.   Slow it down a bit, bring your pitch down and you will be more presentable.   Overall though, good information and thank you for the review.
long story short, you need 2k@60fps or higher, the fish-eye optic zooms so far out that 1080p is trash + bitrate is as important as resolution
the way you use the same high pitched sing song for every sentence is almost intolerable but the information is so good i keep coming back.
Can confirm, I have three Viofo's.   Dead reliable and unobtrusive, without any distracting or unecessary bells and whistles.
home security cameras next!
Don't forget to use the affiliate links in the description to help out the channel! I just ordered myself possibly the best dash cam (in no particular order).
I also have owned my Viofo for years, I liked it so much I got a 2nd for my wifes car after I saw how good the video was on mine. Its lasted at least 5 years through all the Minnesota winters and summers and never had a problem, recommend them to anyone whos looking for a dashcam.
I just use a old go pro hero 4silver as a dash cam I wonder how it would compare to these
It be nice to see a shoe cleaner review. Test if anything is actually better than soap and water or baking soda and vinegar.
I just started looking for dash cams. Now I can stop your product reviews are always informational and detailed. Keep up the amazing work cant wait to see more from you!
I had a VIOFO A129 Pro 4K Dash in 2020 that only lasted for 6 months and then just stopped working. Image was decent, but very disappointing durability and build quality.
I have the Wolfbox, and watching this makes me feel like I made a good choice.   It's the same price as the top rated and also includes a rear and cabin camera.   Like you said, it's subjective, and imo it performed fine with the lightbox and digital display and I could read it as you approached, but as soon as you paused it looked terrible. The same thing happened with the Redtiger while the Pruveeo, which ended up tied with them, looked worse than both.  Overall, the rankings tell the story of "you get what you pay for," except for the Purveeo for some reason.
No garmin is wild.
What an awesome video! So many of these cameras are terrible, thanks for doing a comparison!   What I've been doing for a number of years now is using a dashcam app (In my case, Dailyroads Voyager Pro) on my phone. This works very well, if you're the kind of person who will remember to turn the app on.
Happy to see that my research 3 years ago was accurate. I've had the VIOFO in my car through several midwest summers and winters and it's still chugging along.
i love when he reviews something i have, and it scores the best
man i wish this was out when i bought a dashcam last year
I choose the viafo from Linus tech tips video awhile back. The greatest thing about it that you left out. It uses no internal battery. Only a super capacitor. So great in the extreme heat and cold. For him it actually way out preformed even more expensive dash cams.  I will say theres more to camera quality then just resolution. I think most these 4k cams look awful. A proper 1080p image could definitely out preform them.
I think the RedTiger was the best overall. Just me? No rear camera is a deal breaker for me
I bought the Rove based on reviews online.  I am glad to see it was pretty good at least.
Microwaves?
Omg this guy doesn’t have a voice for videos
I have a VanTop H610 10" 2.5K Mirror Dash Cam witch has been working perfect for the last 4 years. It saved me a couple years ago, a guy drunk pulled out of a Pub right in front of me I was able to keep from t-boning him but still caught the side of my car with the front of his truck. His Ins State Farm wasn't going to pay till I showed them my dash cam, Then they change their tune and said it was a no brainer that their guy was at fault.
I doubt if reading a sign or license plate is used very often in the real world.  I run a dash cam so that in the event of an accident, there will be no doubt who is at fault.  There are too many possible variables in an accident to know if reading a license plate would be helpful.  Obviously, a hit and run.   It's more important to have things like HDR so that one can get decent images in a wide range of lighting level differences.
Can you do please one for Trail Cams ??
Props for the Back to the Future license plate.
My issue is being in Arizona, the heat kills dashcams in one summer. Do you know what the temperature rating is on the top performing units?
Very interesting
I've had the Viofo for about 2 years now and I absolutely love it. It is fantastic.
Had a Viofo dash cam for years (capacitor, not battery powered). Still works great!
I just use my old 4k gopro
Can you compare hose reels
What is with the extremely unnatural vocal inflection, nobody talks like this.
none of the major well known brands are here though.
why are'nt we testing premium dashcams?
I have owed the ROVE for a couple years now and it has served me well. I did look at the VIOFO prior to and it was definitely a contender and after your test, it is absolutely the top contender for me now.   Great video as always. Love your videos. Keep it up.   Cheers.
The cam that I've been using is from DDPAI. It's been great so far, it comes with a front and rear camera and you can also get a radar attachment for distance and (improved) parking monitoring (I didn't buy it personally). It also uses USB C
You should make a video review about doorbells with no subscriptions
test temp
Can you test difference between stock intake vs sports intake
KNOW YOUR STATE LAWS! In several states it is illegal to record cabin audio without permission of the passengers.   This is best done by verbally announcing they are being recorded.   Without consent, recording individuals is still considered wiretapping by law.   Note:   Passing through a state with such laws still makes it required in that state.
the new snow white is trash woke crap
Outstanding, as always!   I gotta join the members only club, there’s just too much good stuff!   TY Project Farm guy. ❤
im gonna be honest i wouldnt buy any of these based off their names at all, not one single recognizable brand
I'm to the point where I don't buy anything without looking up one of your videos on it first. Got to say though, the worst part about finding great products through this channel is that sometimes companies will mark up their prices online because of the free publicity. Happened with the WIZEKA knife sets and a few other things. Talk about suffering from success!
I always enjoy your videos! Thank
Might not be doable, but LiDAR detector would be neat!
Great job as always. Thanks
Just starting the video and wanted to say thanks for the amount of work this must have taken.
New video idea: Best Oil Filter!!! You’ve done lots of oils but what filter do I choose?
China China China lol
Have you looked at the wolfbox with front & rear camera built into a rear view mirror with Sony cameras
I did my own research 2 years ago and ended up going with Viofo. I am so happy that your video confirmed I made the right choice. Thanks.
I have had the Rove R2 for about 6 months. We will see if it can survive the heat of a south Texas summer.
I've been using the VIOFO older model A119  and still working flawlessly . no issue starting up even in cold days (-30 F)
There are a lot of dash cams that attach to the rear view mirror. They are more expensive than those in this video. I would like to have a video evaluation of those mirror dash cams with the rear view option.  Thanks
Why are the top brands (Cobra, Garmin, Thinkware, Blackvue) not reviewed in this video? The 'TEMU Top Ten' are nothing most would even consider.
Evelyn Woodhead has nothing on you.
Absolutely phenomenal video. I've been thinking about getting 1/2 cameras for my car for a while. I'd be happy with any of the top 3, but it's crazy how bad some of the others are. Thank you very much!
Can you review this top 2 brands BlackVue DR970X 2ch plus  vs Viofo A329 and maybe this budget friendly Miofive S1.
I have a Viofo for a while and it  is good. But I'd be interested to see it against the more expensive dashcams like Blackvue.
Wow..I bought a Viofo three weeks ago for my new ride.. thanks for confirming my decision!  Excellent review as always. I look forward each Sunday..
Awesome as always. Thank you sir.
I have a Rexing dash cam, I was hoping it would be on this list but apparently it wasn't! Great video regardless, I've heard great things about Viofo and if I'm ever in the market to replace I will get that one.
Imagine what the driver of the pickup was thinking in the fist test of the road signs. “Who’s this crazy guy with 40 dash cams?” Great video as always! I’ve been considering getting a dash cam for the wife’s car. Looks like I know which one to go with.
As usual a great job and this review reinforces my faith in the validity of your process.  I have an older Viofo  A229 ($300) front and rear webcam that was top rated by some other tech reviewers.  Your review of the $99 Viofo A119 confirms the quality of the Viofo line.  The A119 unit looks very similar to the front unit of the A229 and undoubtedly uses some of the same electronics.  I would strongly encourage viewers to install both a front and rear dashcam.  I have had more than one road raging knucklehead/tailgater back off and leave me alone once they spotted the front and rear dashcams.
I wish I was your neighbor, I’d be raiding your trash cans each week before pickup day! This was another great video, thank you! 🙏🏼 I have a Viofo with front and rear cameras. It has never let me down and I’m glad it came out on top. Have a great week. 🇺🇸
Were all cameras tested at the same exact time of day? It appears that way
Hey Todd! Are you at the games this year? Hope your finger is okay. What happened?  How would you figure out if a suggestion is useful? For a lot of us, money is a huge issue. Do you think it would work to put the dollar number beside the name? So that way I can ignore those not in budget. It's hard to remember the name already without referencing to the charts. Need it real time.  I wonder too how you chose this selection and narrowed it down
I think it's time for you to put out a comparison video of different led headlight replacements from various brands. Boslla, Auxbeam, Diode Dynamics, Lucas, Novsight, Alla Lighting, Oracle, XKglow, Colight, Lasfit, Sealight etc
I'm jumping for joy that you made a video about these! With a (reportedly) disappointing selection of easily wearable cameras, I hope you'll make something like "GoPro vs the rest".
FINALLY DASHCAM! THANK YOU!  If you haven't, can you do car phone chargers one day?
The Viofo is also available with a rear facing camera. I have had mine for several years now.
Great comparison video..!!! 👍🏼
The is the first time I already have the winner in this video. Ive had it for awhile now, Its a great camera. But eventually i will upgrade to a dual camera system. Just cant be too careful these days.
I am more concerned with reliability than visibility with dash cameras. Especially when it comes to heat for anyone living somewhere sunny.
Thank you sir! 🫡
VIOFO also makes a front and rear camera model set up called the a129. The one reviewed here is the a119 which is front only. The a129 is like $30 more
Do not buy a viofo t-130.  I’ve bought 3 and 2 have messed up.  They are junk….
honest review on the Pruvero four cam from me is that we have been through four of the Pruvero 4ch cams. BUT WAIT! The first ones were absolutely bad! They didn't last but about 3 months in my car and about 1 month and my wife's car. The company was wonderful though and did an easy exchange for the new ones that have c connections for the power and they seem to be a lot better. We just received the second replacement for my wife's car this afternoon and just got it in. I will come back in a few and share the results of the two new ones. But so far so good and love the four camera option.
I can only imagine the reaction of the other drivers look at 8 different dash cams 😂😂😂 The Rig must be looking crazy 😂😂
Sorry Sir, I can't hear you. Could you please speak up?
Viofo does have a rear facing version.  I have it and agree its good.  Thanks for the video and hard work!
... Englander here, What exact Viofo Daahcam model ?.
If you like Viofo A119 but looking for a combo with rear dash camera included, search for Viofo A129 Plus Duo. It's identical front camera  plus a 1080p rear camera.
Excellent review!!!
I love your reviews. I have only one remark. Driving with all those cameras on the windshield must have been a pain! LOL....
Can someone please summarise. Which one to buy?
amazing video and review, thank you.
I've been looking at the 70mai Omni cam. As a tech, I've mostly installed Blackvue, but some don't want to spend the money. Other brands were Vantrue or Red Tiger. I use Type S in my personal vehicle, but the yada walmart brand has me interested, especially considering they are on extreme sale right now.
The one you gave the best review yesterday was just delivered on my front porch. 😊  Going out to get it now.
Hi I love your videos can you do reversible adjustable wrenches
Such an invaluable video, thank you!
Love your reviews! Can you do security cameras at some point also?
can you do this same comparison on $200-$500+ options such as Blackvue?
I was looking at getting a dash cam from BlackVue for years, it is made in South Korea where dashcams are a huge deal and well utilized. However I've been using a GoPro for years as a stop gap.
Video suggestion:  bathroom smart scales.  Noticing a large number of models with varying user reviews of hugely inaccurate Weight results +/- 2 or 3Kg within a few minutes of each other.
your dash must have been cable hell for a bit... LOL!
I have a DDPAI z50 because it had a supercapacitor for power so the Li Ion batteries don't swell in super hot or cold weather, and also onboard memory as backup incase the memory card dies.  These hi res camera setup needs a specially rated type card so find out the max and do NOT go cheap on it.
You forgot a pretty big player. Nextbase
Our VIOFO has the rear camera and cost $160..  seams to work very well
Your voice is annoying to listen to.
Viofo is also one of the recommended in the dashcam subreddit
I have the Rove but need to upgrade. I mean it's a dashcam and was $80 so it's better than nothing
Would like you to do a few cheapies like you did, but primarily focus on decently higher quality devices.  Not sure I'd ever spend $40 and expect secuirty footage to be reliable and worth the cheap price.  This goes for all reviews.
Good content as always, just such a shame that the guy presenting it can not seem to speak in a normal way, al the time shouting like a market salesman. So grating.
Always the best reviews and honest information.
Blackview?
Thanks ❤️ 😊
Please test NEXAR
Just buy an ace 360 action camera
I got the Viofo A119 Mini for $85 and it has USB-C, not sure which version is on this video but it has mini USB which is quite outdated😅
Thank you for posting such a detailed and helpful video! I truly appreciate the effort you put into explaining everything so clearly. My vehicle doesn't have a cigarette lighter port, so I was wondering if you could recommend a dash camera that can be powered using a 12 volt or USB port instead?
Please get a voice synthesizer
theres boblow bodycams that double as dashcams
Can someone explain why the cameras with the Starvis 2 sensor performed worse than the Viofo with the older Stavis sensor?  And does that mean the newer models of Viofo with the Starvis 2 sensor aren't as good?
I'm glad the recommendation from Linus still holds up at least 2 years later
De Blutoo Device is reddy too pairr
Viofo does offer a 3 channel system with front, rear, and interior cameras. Been using it for a few months and so far it's been great. Thanks for confirming I made the right purchase!
3 months after I buy my wife a Wolfbox, and myself a Rove Dual, now ya got a review????? HARUMPH!!!
I've had the Viofo for a couple years.  Bomber.
@ProjectFarm, always love seeing some new videos of things I've thought of getting before but never did much research into them! Great stuff man! Video Recommendation: (is a natural latex pillow or  natural latex/microfiber fill hybrid pillow really better than a cheap memory foam block pillow and / or shredded memory foam pillow or is a regular old down feather stuffed pillow still the original and best?) I just bit the bullet and ordered 4 new pillows the natural latex ones were ofc more pricey but it wasnt outrageous either as i had to do some research on other youtube channels, but honestly spending over $100 for a pair of pillows is kinda of insane and i know people might argue and say pillows last a long time or whatever but cmon its just a fluffy rectangle at the end of the day right? Thank you for reading this have a blessed day whenever you see this! 🤙
RIGHT into the content, amazing review. Thank you
Thank you!
what about camera's that are 300-600, think called blackvue
now which one will work after 3 months?
THIS is GOLD! Thank you. I don't trust any marketing materials on amazon or the reviews for a dashcam, but this is literally exactly what I needed! The only thing I would've wished to see was Vantrue, which if I recall it correctly was recommended by Linus a while back
All of these dashcams are of the "budget" variety and in my opinion none are worthy of purchase because their camera sensors are just too poor. It's also likely that each camera of a particular resolution is using the exact same sensor as the others at that resolution, with the only functional difference seen being in the image processing firmware that's employed. To get a truly usable dashcam that will provide the detail required to cover one's needs, I believe you need a minimum $250 investment with a Vantrue N4 dashcam being considered minimum spec.
"Hmm, I've been liking my viofo for a while, let's check this to see how much better the competition is"  "Oh, neat"
Awesome video and very informative… have you thought about doing this test with say $150-300 dash cams? I’d be curious to really see the results
None have a night vission option do they?
Jeez that Delorean really let it's self go, since retiring from the movies.
in viofo a "chadwick" test in a bit worse because you have turn on HDR more which any others dont have, if you turn off it will be much sharper, but still, in good money viofo has to best dashcams on market.
Amazing video!!! Can't imagine the effort
Great review!  Thank you!!
A great video. Maybe in the future you can text some of the higher end (more expensive) options agains the best ones from this test to see if there are really worth the 2-4x cost.
I've had my VIOFO A119 for like a decade now. It doesn't have all the bells and whistles but it provides a good image.
I have had several Viofo dashcam's and have had great luck with them.  That's the first brand that I would suggest.
Hats off to you PF. Very well editing. Thank you for this video, I am starting up a limousine business and this is perfect 👌
What about the higher end cameras?
Been driving with Viofo dashcam and another one for years and found out by trial that aiming the cam down a lot so i see less sky helps a lot in day and night time. Also i have a second camera that ive changed the lens to a zoom lens so i can read license plates from about 15 to 20 meters away, then it is extremely clear plate number and the driver itself is recognizable. Did the zoom camera after some guys light a car on fire with gasoline and ran away, i got a blurry shot of the cars.... Wit the zoom one i would have who they was
Just a note for the Rove4k, it doesn't come by default, but it does have a polarized screw on lense. It does seem to make a large difference when going into the sun, but again doesn't come along with the camera by default.
the wolfbox 900 rear camera is 2.5k not 1080p
I've been using the Viofo A119 for many years now and bought it because it was the gold standard for dashcams. Glad to see it's still holding up as the best!  Really big missed opportunity by not including the Blackvue dashcam though, I think that's the "high end" option most people looking to drop $300 go for. Would have definitely been helpful to see how the Viofo stacked up against that.
Best shovels? Blade resistance to chipping or denting, rust resistance, ergonomics and weight maybe?
Or just use your old samsung s7 as dashcam
No Rexing?? Love this channel but that's a big brand to leave out.
The ability to read license plates(different angles, lighting, coming and going) is really what i want in a dash camera. Not street signs/scenery. That is what is most important in a crash/evidence.  Like  instead of focusing on the stop sign and highway sign at 10:20 mark, Id be more interested the readability of the plate on the pick up truck.  Thanks for the video!!!!!  Pro tip: if you get into a accident/see something and can see the license plate, say it out loud! your camera might miss the plate but will pick up you saying the plate number out loud with the microphone!
Another excellent test and comparison, Sir!
whats going on with his voice..... juses christ....
Very good reviews, but why you're always jelling ? You can talk normally 😇
Linus Tech Tips also rated that same model VIOFO as the best dash cam and that was two years ago... amazing to see it still holding up against the competition.
I’ve been in the market for new luggage.  Something rugged the wheels will hold up on.  Maybe you could do something comparing different brands of “rugged luggage”
The Miden has the same boot sound as an Apeman.
Excellent video, thanks.  I was disappointed that you didn't include some of the higher-priced products available.  I'd be intensely curious if the added $ was reflected in truly higher performance.
Thank you for this video. I rarely buy anything now without checking your channel first.
Your should try the dash cams that are built into the review mirror to see if they are worth the cost. This video was awesome and so helpful. Thank you again for all you do!
I picked up a Fitcamx as it hooks into my power rearview mirror so no extra wires. Would love to see how it performs against the other models you tested. I have zero complaints about it but didn't put it through the tests you did. Love the videos
Thanks for taking the time to put together this video.  When I saw how much resolution mattered, I did a quick search for 8k dash cam, and several turned up.  Many cell phones have very high resolution cameras, so I did a search for cell phone dash cam mount. Those also exist. Of course it could be that none of these do well with high contrast.
I would love to see Thinkware brand to be tested
Chinese manufacturers really need to use a western company to create brand names!!  All these sound like thrift shop specials, and perform like them!
Thank you sir 🙏
Why would my previous comment be deleted? Cool... I guess I'll be moving on and I'll just stop watching this channel's content. I said absolutely nothing wrong- nothing that YouTube would flag and censor with a bot, so it would have to be manually removed by whoever is running your channel.
the product names😂
Thank you for your impressive, unbiased reviews that test products in real-world applications. Your work is very appreciated.
I've been using a Viofo since 2023, having used an unimpressive Rexing for several years before that.  Not surprised at how well it performed here.  My Viofo included a rear camera as well (at slightly lower resolution).  Thanks for the extensive tests.
Dude - is someone grabbing your nuts every 10 seconds?
Just right on time.  I’m going to be traveling cross country in a few months and I was looking to buy a dash cam.  After watching this I picked up the updated version of the Viofo you reviewed and it comes with a rear cam too.  Thank you!
Keep of the helium before you upload your next video 😮
That's quite a voice.
Grat review, but holly crap...what is going on with your voice pitches lmao. You sound like a character from Sponge bob.
I've been using VIOFO cameras in my cars for the last 6yrs. They're a bit pricey, but you get good performance and reliability.  One thing you should look into when buying a dashcam is the backup power type. Most of the time, you'll want one with a supercapacitor rather than a lithium battery. Supercapacitors are much more resistant to heat than lithium batteries, and your dashcam will be stuck to the windshield of your car where it can get baked by sunlight. The backup power is just for when power to the camera is cut (Such as when you turn off the car, or the car gets into an accident) and it only needs to last long enough for the camera to safely turn itself off (If it suddenly turns off unsafely, the last video it was recording could become corrupted).
Hello, rubber boots should be tested too(unless already done). Thank you
I love all your videos and so excited that you finally done one about dash cams as I’m a huge dash cam guy. All I buy is rove as it’s the best I’ve had thus far. Thank you friend! Keep up the amazing work! Looks like viofo is my new go to cam, by by rove😞 fantastic vid!!🎉🎉
It would be interesting if you were to run a long-term longitudinal test on these to see how they do over time.
Nice. Surprised you didn't do the ring dashcam. That's the review I've been looking for before buying one.
Awesome video! Putting sample video footage from the different dashcams is super helpful and really takes away some of the uncertainty about how a particular dashcam will perform.
Thanks so much for providing so much data! Excellent work!
Remember any dashcam even a $10 one from aliexpress is better than nothing!
Love Viofo! Been with them for years on all my cars
I've got Viofos in three vehicles, and they have all performed well for years.
Great job...thanks! I decided on buying the Viofo A119 Mini 2 instead of the V3. There are features in the Mini 2 that I wanted.
Thank you got the viofo!
Been wanting a dash cam for years but never got to buying one because i wasnt sure which was the best of the best.  Thank you also much! Im gonna buy a VIOFO before they raise their price 😂
I never knew I wanted a dash cam
such a hyper voice...maybe less sugar...
Nice ! I bought a viofo in 2016. Guess it was a good buy.
I installed a rove for a friend and was amazed at what came in the box.  Hardwire kit had every style of fuse tap made.  Very impressive value.
Great video but I will not buy Chinese.
Testing all these products is intensive enough, I cant imagine editing! God Bless you @ProjectFarm 😅
Great and helpful video. Thanks.
@projectfarm I wish you would have included the Garmin mini 2!
I've been using a Rexing V1P for 3 years and it works amazingly.
Video suggestion: Battery trickle charger for us guys who have vehicles that don't get used much, that need to have a 12v battery charged and ready to go
I've used Viofo cameras for years, even before they were sold under the brand, truly some of the most reliable cameras I've used! They do also have a model with a rear camera though I haven't ever used one of those
these videos a valuable keep going
Useless comparing different resolution dash cams.   I have a 4k E-YEEGER and the performance is great for the money.
I got myself a Viofo A229 Pro with a rear cam and am very happy with the quality! Having Projectfarm approving my purchase is a very satisfying moment, i was very curious i he even showed this brand, and when he showed id very nervous to see if my choice of dashcam was a good one. Seems like i picked the right brand :) very good video!
Thank you for testing products like this. The customer for a product can't have any idea of the optical performance of products like this. And your tests show just how critical it is to know! Have you done one for backup cameras recently?
Ive been waiting for this review! I've had dashcams in the past but at a time when reviews were non existent.   Im for sure going to revist a new one now.  One one note, what ive seen with these brands no one has heard of, is that eventually they almost all disappear from Amazon.  If you're contemplating to buy one, don't sit on the thought for a long time.
Dashcams are the best they’ve ever been but they are all still pretty terrible. The UI’s are terrible. The apps are pretty terrible. Shopping for one is painful without reviews like this.  Someone needs to come in and make a good one for a a couple hundred more dollars but have their popularity explode  like wildfire, kinda like Apple did with iPods and iPhones. We are in the pre-iPhone era of dash cams right now. I will pay good money for a dash cam but I hate wasting money on crappy ones. Heck, the cam I have right now I paid over $200 for a few years back likes to randomly decide NOT to record, with no warning. Also doesn’t have WiFi or anything. Maybe I need to look at commercial fleet options.  Fortunately, most use cases of dash cams are good in the sense that they will usually prove which party made a mistake, or tell you how fast you were going and where you were if you have gps. Even crappy dashcams will go a long way to help you get out of trouble.
Now we know where Todd lives so we can bring him offerings! 😂
Imagine casually driving around and coming across a guy with 10 dashcams on the dashboard 😂  Come roadrage, I dare you 😂 (Amazing test btw, thank you !)
I do like the video, but please take a breather sometimes. You are racing true it like there is no tomorrow. No one wouldn't mind if the video takes a minute or 2 longer. Other than that, a great job.
I can’t believe how much time you spent on this shoot out ! Wow ! The results were very impressive ! Thank You so much for all your hard work on all your videos ! 😊👍
Superb review, the best I've viewed. I had given up on finding a viable dash cam (I thought all dash cams disappoint), now I have one to purchase.  The editing here and the trustworthiness of Project Farm makes my choice easy; I joined some time ago.
Nicely done, and the first honest review of theese cams that i've seen. WTG!
Dude your voice is like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Another great video! A couple video ideas, the holy grail would be a really objective scope drop test for some popular scopes, also most stable tripods for shooting/hunting
VIOFO A229 Plus is the best dashcam Ive ever had, for $190 off amazon. I spent $1200 for two Thinkware 4k dashcams, they turned to be such a junk
Might as well keep this going into the next level of dash cams.
For once the Amazon reviewers and online sites recommended me the right one. I have the viofo. I still prefer that Prpject Farm has verified my choice! Lol
Is it just me or does the "Miden" footage give me a headache ? it's very unsettling.
Did you have all the cameras on the car at the same time because the same cars on each camera  📷?
Amazing!
7:22 I think this comparison with Miden might be a mistake. You already tested the Miden at 1:43.
I don't like any of these cheap dash cams.
Just give me a dashcam with a full frame sensor please.
Good info but stop yelling. It’s really annoying!!!
Appreciate all that you do.  It really helps us consumers shift through the overwhelming choices and you give us an honest evaluation all the time.  Thank you!!
Do one on constant adjustable power supplies.  Or Best Portable 20L Air Compressors and Sand Blasters.
Could you do spark plug brands and or engine air filters brands I wanna know if K&N is really worth 70$ lol
I stumbled upon your channel a month ago and I have binge watching all your videos. You provide amazing feedback with no bias. I have bought a handful of items from your videos and pleased with all of them.   Would it be possible for shower head reviews? I am renting with city-water and the pressure isn’t the best, I have tried recommendations but didn’t work out,   Thanks again for all the time and effort you put into your videos
I've had 3 different cameras, the cheapest being Wolfbox. None held up more than a year.
At this point, it seems to me like many of these Chinese brands just throw random characters together to create their names.
Garmin 66W
The thing with resolution on cheap dash cams is in reality you (the manufacturer) can record at effectively whatever resolution you want, but if you use a low quality low mp sensor then it doesn't matter what the resolution is, it's going to look like crap. I mean you can upscale your 0.3mp flip phone cam from 2004 to 8k, but it's still going to be a blurry grainy mess.
I have had a Viofo for years and love it.
I needed this review two weeks ago!!  Luckily- the red tiger I went with, came out pretty well.
Viofo a139 pro is very good dashcam, been using for over a year  4k video at 30fps, clear picture
YES!  I was just about to buy a dash cam... thanks PF!
Why testing sg Shitty viofo a119 instead of very good a139pro or a329 ??
Terrific and useful as always.  Thank you for the diligence.
This is great information…keep doing it
Love it. I’ve heard some have issues with heat too. Wonder how that might change things
got a viofio  few years back. still works even in -40C (not F) and +40C temps.
I run Auto-Vox dash cams in all my trucks, they replace your rear view mirror with a screen and they are great.
Would've been nice to have a Garmin dash cam in the test ... wondering why Garmin wasn't tested?
Any camera that comes with proprietary usb connectors should be trashed.
Thanks! Just ordered a Viofo!
Security cams next?
Do trail cams. One of your tests needs to be nighttime exposure when faced with reflective tape on a vehicle. My trail cams underexpose to the point of uselessness. I'm shooting moving trains with my trail cams, but bright snow will also confuse the exposure including at night.
Amazing video! Thank you so much.
Personally I have Viofo A229 Pro 4K and cannot complain though I am eyeing A329 :D
A lot of times with these tests, the most expensive or near most expensive is not worth the cost and you start to see diminishing returns.  As a Viofo owner, it is absolutely worth the money
Always love your content!
I've been interested in getting a camera, tried one and was very disappointed. I thought I would check this review out not expecting much because I've been disappointed by other people's reviews and I was wrong! I am shocked at how thorough and detailed you were with the comparisons and everything you tested. I've never seen anyone do such an extensive breakdown on the products and compare them so... thoroughly. I'm definitely saving this and using you for which cameras I'll be looking at purchasing! You were awesome.
@ProjectFarm I have a VIOFO T130 (which sports front and rear cams) and it's absolutely brilliant. Best I've had yet.
For the viofo, you choose the "not so good version" if that brand; with the same sizes, but a better image sensor (a starvis 2) were the "Viofo A119 Mini 2" - it is really much better as the V3 (who is darker as the Mini 2), but had otherwise the same options - it just would cost a little bit more (~ 10-15$ more). also a neat thing for the viofo-cams: they can get a "CPL-filter", what makes them better, 'cause the windscreen - morroring the dashboard is then "away". they also had the opinion to get a "remote emergency button", where you can start a emergency image - even when you put one on the rear window, so that you can literally "operate" that one. and: they provide up to 512mb micro-sd cards - and they had against the "cheaper" ones another good thing: a "super capacitor", what is better than a rechargable battery - especially these will die after a time due to changing temperatures between 0° and 55°C (32° - 131°F) in summer and winter.  better as these, but also more expensive would be the A229 - that can also getting upgraded with several stuff (cpl-lens is then includes with the front camera) - a rear camera, a "indoor" - camera, a Telescopic camera for the front (what would be plugged in instead of the rear camera), the remote emergency button etc. - and it is atm the best performing one, even slightly better than the newer A329 (what costs way more than the A229). so, you can upgrade that camera with all that stuff even after have buyed a single one. on several occasions, like black friday and x-mas, there's also huge discounts on the cameras. jusr as information - there's 2 variants from the A229 out, a Plus and a Pro - and the Pro is the best (and expensivest) one.  before asking - i've had looked several tests of dashcams (moatly in german, 'cause of my country) - and had seen, that these mostly outperforming others... the only brand who can fight the Viofo's is Vantrue. that's also why i can provide these informations.
Please look at flagship cans like thinkware!
Good review  I use a Xiaomi dashcam Very good price and good quality
COOLCRAZY AND ARIFAYZ SEEM TO BE THE BEST VALUE OPTIONS AT THEIR RESPECTIVE PRICE POINTS
I've had a Viofo A129 Plus Duo for the past 3 years with zero issues. I've pulled the footage of interesting things 3 times, and it captured what I needed it to. I wired it into my accessory fuse and starts recording automatically when I start my car. I would highly recommend it.
Great video as always keep up the great work. Best Channel on YT by far.
Calm down.. i got stressed listening to you
My VIOFO had an issue where if you tried to save the file or it auto-saved after an accident, it would corrupt the video.  Resulting in me having all the footage OTHER than when the accident happened.  Probably fine if I turn off auto-save, but makes me hard to trust it after that.
Perfect straight to the point, no bs video. Well deserved like.
Sorry to be that guy but your voice is so overwhelming. Please turn down the inflection it's completely unnecessary
Thanks for the info, I went with Garmin, cost a bit but works ok for me.
Viofo it is ! Thank you sir for all of your hard work on these videos. I’ve been watching you for years . Keep up the excellent work .
Great review! It would have been nice to see a more mainstream brand product like the Garmin Dash Cam to see how they compare.
The viofo was my 1st choice when I was looking for dashcams about a year or 2 ago until I saw about the 70mai, you should add that one to the test
Good review!!! Anyone else wonder what his car looked like with a bunch of dash cams on the windshield 😂
Thank you so much!!
I'm going to have serious problems finding a good camera NOT made in China.  My inner paranoid isn't keen on the idea of potentially helping them build a crowd sourced surveillance network, so any camera that has firmware or software sourced in China is a straight no for me.
I could use a similar video which covers cameras that aren't crap made in China
I definitely would like to see a part 2, VIOFO is a VERY popular choice but they have several models on the market now besides just this one, I think it's safe to say anything under $100 (unless a VIOFO goes on sale for under $100) isn't worth your time, would like to see the other VIOFO models in addition to other brands such a Garmin, Thinkware, BlackVue, and Vantrue (some people have said the Vantrue N4 Pro blows away the VIOFO, but it also costs 2x the price!)  Thanks PF, another great video!
I have the Viafo with both front and rear camera. No complaints and it holds up well in hot summer and -40 cold winter.  I can appreciate how much work goes in to these vids. Well done.
There are also polarizing filters one can place over the lens to cut sun glare in half
i need a dash cam for my motorcycle which should i buy? weather resistant and such matters?
Thank you for all of that you do man! i really appreciate it, your tests are always thorough and very detailled!  might i suggest you test some microwaves to see if theres any difference between them? maybe test microwave leakage, and some of them with some functionalities like grill, thanks again !
thanks friend
If I could hear you not ever talk again I might be alright
Nice series thanks for your hard work  ! PF
good ratings
My Viofo has also been SOLID for years in the heat and cold.  They do make one with a rear camera as well, though I think its $200+.  Right now its about the only brand I recommend to people from the top of my head.  Its caught many accidents over the years, including when an SUV full of illegal immigrants ran a red light at 55mph into my friend's truck.  They then attempted to leave the scene of the accident.  If they hit my little car due to being a second later I would have been very messed up and left with huge bills, unless I didn't survive.
We need to know about these and cold temp performance!
Another great review. My wife was getting ready to buy a camera.
Why no Garmin?
YAAAAAS. Been waiting for ages for Project Farm to review dashcams!
A lot of work went into this much appreciated... However it would have been nicer if you did a running vehicle test to see clarity of other oncoming vehicle colors and plates ...
👇CoolCrazy gang
Would have been nice to see some of the higher priced Dash cams.
The vast majority of dash cams I believe are using the same generic image sensor and image processor, which explains why so many of them look virtually identical bar some differences in colour grading. Ashley Neal has affiliate links for Viofo cameras, which he started recommending after doing similar tests and seeing the night and day difference
It's worth noting that some dashcams have a terrible user experience and buggy software which randomly loses video clips. Those aren't really tested in this video. Good effort, though!
Viofo may be the best image quality, but they are very unreliable. I've owned four of them... all eventually gave out
Dude, you are crazy good at what you do. I wish I was your neighbor.
Viofo has been the go to for almost a decade. The only camera you should consider unless you like wasting money.
Awesome job bro
I have a Garmin
Volume at 30%, but thanks for the video! These are the ugliest dashcams I ever seen. Nonamr brands with subb par quality. I won't even mention these if someone would ask for it.
Hey PF, since you’re working on cameras, can you do endoscopes/inspection cameras? Thanks!
Amazon recommends a new model (mini 2) of the V3 you tested. Would you recommend or is the v3 still better?
I appreciate the reviews, but to not include Garmin or Rexing, two of the most popular dashcams, was a missed opportunity.   The Garmin 67W consistently ranks as the best in multiple other tests.  The Rexing V1P consistently ranks as the best budget.   I bought the Rexing after constantly seeing it on Youtube dashcam crash videos (the dashcam maker is usually noted next to the date and time in the video) and seeing how clear the videos were compared to others.
I have a Thinkware Dashcam, should check that one out too!
@LinusTechTips called most cameras junk, he has a great video that compliments this video.
Project Farm is the only reviewer you can trust on YT!!!! Thanks again!!! Damn I’d love to pay $2.69 a gallon for gas and $3.35 for diesel
I just wanted to see his windsheild with all those dashcams at the same time :/
This was great. I'd love to see a round 2 that gets some even more expensive cameras like Blackvue and competitors in the $300 range.
Thank you so much for these reviews; they were very helpful now that I am in the market for an affordable, decent dash cam.
The video we didn't know we needed. Thanks
VIOFO made me proud. LOL I own the V3 4K version from watching another reviewer last year. Although I never actually check any of the footage it's nice to know it's there just in case.
70mai dashcams are really good too
Very helpful video. My gosh the time it must have taken to produce it! Well done. VIOFO Dash Cam A119 Mini 2, capacitor retail at $138.99 has a $25.00 discount until March 25 2025 from Amazon. Not the exact unit featured but maybe a bit better.
I have been looking at dash cams for a year. There seemed to be NO quality testing...until now. THANK YOU FOR HELPING ME MAKE A DECISION!
I was hoping this video would have some of the more expensive “named brand” dash cams, but I get that would be quite expensive.
I hâte AI voiceovers. But dang, dude has a voice made for silent films.
Is it anyone with no cord ?
First time Viewer..  Converted Subscriber..
I use the Rexing dashcam and it seems ok but now that you did a review on some dashcams this is very helpful. I will now look into different dashcams. Thanks Project Farm.
This is probably the best multi-product review video I have ever seen. Great job!
Bought that exact REDTIGER a couple months ago, in anticipation of renting a vehicle on a road trip. Road trip hasn't come about yet, but I feel much better about the purchase I still haven't had the chance to use, yet.
Found nothing to argue with here.
Great video, you should do power scrubbers
I wonder how you looked like from afar with all those dashcams installed all at the same time.   Paranoid about insurance fraud I guess...
Huge difference in cameras, but I am VERY jealous of $2.69 a gallon on gas - we're paying $1.539 here - a litre!  I wouldn't mind seeing battery life be included in these reviews, as I a looking at replacing my GoPro Hero 7 Black because I only get 15 minutes of recording out of it, even with optimized settings.
You sadly forgot the best one. The Vantrue N4 Pro. It uses realtime HDR and shoots two frames for every frame in the video. You can have somebody pass you at 50mph at night and you can still read the number plate. Even right into the sun you can still read the number plates. 99% of the other cameras just take one photo per frame and do an realtime image processing on a single exposure.  To be fair, I'm writing this comment at the beginning of the video, so I'm still watching.
How about the fact it turns you into an entitled poor driver because you think you have a camera to prove your actions were justified…
The timing of this is wild as I was shopping for one. Thank you for yet another thorough comparison of products on the market!
Can you do a video on some kind of chemical or something to remove window tint off the back window that doesn't damage the defrost lines. This is a must please. 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
The guy has a voice like Mickey Mouse!
I gave up lookong for a decent dashcam when I read that they mostly use thr same image sensor, this gives me some hope
My dash cams suck. I think I'm going to search for two used gopros.
VIOFO has been on top for years now and it's awesome to see them still holding that crown. 🔥
I've had one Viofo for a long time. Always moving it between cars if I get a different car. That camera survived a car crash. Having footage of the other drive's fault saved me a lot of time with insurance companies. Enthusiastically recommend!
Thank you!
I'm curious what your test vehicle looked like during this comparison
YES!!! This is a review I’ve been waiting for. Most video quality from dashcams are absolutely useless, especially in low light.
Can it handle heat, and does it support the MicroSDXC bus speed for FHD and 4k. Heat will reboot and lag most. Also they all loop-overwrite for continuous recording
Are there any that aren't made in china?
Most of the brands are pretty unknown. With the exception of Viofo, of course. I've always thought that the leading brands for dash cams are Garmin, Blackvue, Thinkware, Mio, Nextbase and 70Mai.
How did you know I've been shopping for one of these? Extremely well done, as usual! Thanks!
Thank you for the review.
Future idea:  test the best method or product to remove stickers from windshields. I hate trying to remove stickers from my windshield. There must be a better way than a razor blade and glass cleaner, or WD-40 smell on the interior of the car.
You missed the majority of popular dashcams.... Garmin, Nextbase, Xiaomi, AZdome and more.  90 of the dashcams shown are totally unknown to me and are mostly fast fabricated junk.
Another excellent job.  And done the way I can understand it.                   JimE
I already have the red tiger. The reviews on Amazon didn't lie
This is great and very informative.   I would have liked if you had included some of the more expensive dash cams, like the Garmin and Escort.   Maybe you can next do a test of dash cams over $200 and include the Viofo for comparison.   Thanks gain for continuing to test common every day stuff.
Thanks
Great video, one of the best videos for image comparison.  Glad to confirm my choice of Viofo.  I also like the fact that it uses super capacitor instead of battery.
IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR A DASH CAM ALL MONTH AND PROJECT FARM MAKES A VIDEO ON THEM THAT APPEARS IN MY RECOMMENDED?? Thanks 🙏
You're by far the most thorough reviewer, sincere thanks!
Putting a dash cam in the middle of your windshield isnt only idiotic its illegal
Vantrue puts all of them to shame but it costs around $300 for their higher end one. I guess this is just budget models?
What a great test! Glad to see some dashcams are now able to capture licence plates. Very impressive!!!
The one I have been waiting for, to replace my dashcam!!
Thank you for this! I didn't see a review for car or home first aid kits. Any plans to do those?
It's nice to see the "you get what you pay for" idiom hold up. You sometimes see some outrageously priced piece of crap, but here there's a fairly solid correlation between price and performance. Another great video!
Bigfoot doesn't stand a chance.  I cannot imagine what a police officer would say watching you breaking at the stop sign and pulling you over. "I can explain" great review. Thank you
Please test solar powered cameras!!
Oh my God all that data you had to have gone insane doing this. I do appreciate it. I’ve been looking at Dashcam for a while and I think you have helped me narrow it up always great content and info. I did miss having cousin Eddie in this one though 🙂 thank you.
Something I discovered using a $6,000 camera for wildlife photography is that when I tried taking a shot of birds for instance through the windshield, the result is always terrible with very poor feather detail every time. It works ok for general shots of the land or road layout, but you are not going to get detailed shots with a camera by shooting through a windshield or even the windows in your house, it will always cause a certain amount of distortion.
Frankly, I feel like there should be a way to turn a good phone sensor and control chip into a VASTLY superior dashcam, because even the best in this lineup is frankly disappointing to me, and hardly worth the investment.
The VIOFO A129 Plus Duo has a rear facing camera.
I have the Viofo 129 Pro. Very good video quality, but the reason I got it was for the buffered parking mode. That is something that is very uncommon in dash cams but extremely useful in some situations. Only things I don't like are the app and I can't use a bigger SD card.
Linus Tech did a similar test a few years ago and recommended Viofo. Best dashcam purchase ever.
Wish you had a few blackvue products in this comparison
We’ve bought 2 different gecko dashcams  Both died within 1 year  Booooooooooooooo
Would you do a review on Portable Work lights? Also a video on Shower Heads would be cool too!
I have been considering this for a while, thank you for doing this review 🙂
Getting excited every time for that 'made in China'
Why didn’t you evaluate any of the Garmin Dash cams??
I would be interested to see a review on the DVR style dash– cams. I have a triple camera set up from Pormido that has served me great the past 3+ years. Excellent video quality, as well as glare, and low light performance.
Hey, can you 🐝 our Dad please… You rock!👍✨☕️☘️✨
I bought the Viofo two years ago after disappointing experiences with other brands. It has by far the best image quality and reliability for a reasonable price.
I've been waiting for this one! Thank you so much, you don't get enough appreciation even though the comments are offffffffff the charts.  Between this and the LinusTechTips video, everyone should know what dashcams to buy. Both videos the VIOFO is the clear winner.
Kinda disappointed i don't see blackvue in here! Best dashcam I've ever had!
I did a little research before buying the Viofo A229 dash cams 2 years ago because it was the one of only ones using dual Sony STARVIS 2 sensors (4k for the front and 2k for the rear). It works like a charm for most of time. Thanks Todd for proving I made the right choice. The sheer amount of testing and editing work is well done!
Every test here is so scientific and absolutely repeatable. Just fantastic
I have a Viofo A119 V 3 and it has been great.
I bought a viofo A119 V3 the last week. Glad I made a good choice.
I have had the A129 Pro Duo dashcam for probably about 5 years now and I can attest to how good their dashcams are. Initially had some issues with it overheating, but then it soon stopped having those issues and has saved me countless times since. Definitely handy to have to avoid issues with drivers trying to make up stories when they run into your car.
The only other consideration would be ease of use. I had one I returned because it was just hard to figure out and had no instructions. This could also be subjective too.
I'd like to imagine you driving your car with 10 dash cams No officer, I have vídeo footage of the accident... Like, a lot of footage
Great guidance, thanks! 👍👍
Wich one would you pick I need one that has both front and rear cameras
I've been using the Viofo for years and they've been great.  They DO offer a dual (front and rear) setup however.
This is timely as we are looking at dash cameras for our vehicles. Great comparison.
7:52 imagine the face of the dude who sees a car passing by with 20 dashcams
Fantastic! I always wanted to know this! Thank you!
Would have loved to see nexar dash cams
I hesitated to watch this because I had already bought a dash cam. But it was a relief that I had chosen the Viofo!
Ideas for the next Dash Cam video -- test functionality after extreme temperature exposure for 12+ hours. Heat and/or cold can do a camera like this in over the short and long term depending on the battery chemistry and what capacitors are used.
I've been recommended the Gamin Dash Cam Mini 3. I'm not sure about buying it though.
why no Garmin tested? I've always heard that they have some of the best dash cams out/
10:45 am I the only one amazed how clean and polished this car/hood is 😲
Damn, I bought a dashcam about 24h before this came out!
Why does he shout in such high pitch
I have a brand new 2025 GMC truck that has like 20 cameras built in. There should be a way to leverage those built in cameras to record to SD card instead of buying something and then having to run power to it.
Seeing Todd on the road.  Cassian: you working? Todd: yeah.
I absolutely love the consistency in your testing, i always feel i can trust the ratings. I do always wonder how long on average does a video take to make? And also I'd guess you work on multiple videos at once?
Excellent.
The only drawback on the, "Viofo" is the 140° angle and no rear camera vs. 170° for the Cool Crazy & Red Tiger. Thank you so much for an excellent thorough  review.
Thank you for your service.
Your content is usually great, but this one may as well be sponsored by Amazon chinese resellers. You completely ignored dashcams with reputable company names like Alpine, Kenwood, Garmin, and Cobra. Maybe your next video can be about dashcams from Crutchfield?
Honestly dashcams are not that great, had a bunch over the years and I’ve been using a Viofo for the past few years  The good thing about it is the use of a capacitor instead of a battery to proper close the video file (well, don’t know if the others offer it too, at that time Viofo was among the first).  And it’s very durable, had to replace the mSD once.  There are also polarized filters and they probably help (don’t know because my camera got one from day 0, can’t compare)  Well, all this text just to say it’s a good camera
Thank you a million!  I'm looking for dash cams and your review has really helped me!
I recently bought a VIOFO and was worried you’d find a budget friendly alternative with equal/similar quality. 😮‍💨
Thank you for taking this project on!!. I appreciate that given how many dashcams exists, that choosing which ones to evaluate was daunting. I would like to see the winners of this test to go up against the high level brands such as blackvue and thinkware (does a higher price actually provide the added performance value?). I have been putting off buying a dashcam for about five years now. The specific tests you put these dashcams through were critical. Too often other reviews focus on features instead of real world performance.
Hehe Peculiar street? What a… Peculiar name (yes, I’m aware the name of the town is Peculiar which is very funny to me)
This guy is the best! 👍
VIOFO has always been my go to. Great cameras.
Viofo products are about to be out of stock. Lol
Best in the West!
This was ABSOLUTELY FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC!!!  I'd love to see a follow up of the top 3 with other brands, in the future.
Pointless saying an electronic device is Made in China
Wow our politicians really did America dirty with all this made in China ! We need made in America
Why are you yelling?
China makes the worst dash cams. Korea makes the best.
Yeah buddy! We've been waiting on this for a while
What model is the Viofo? I'm finding a bunch of different models
All dash cams are pretty much junk. They all use one of only a couple different sensors. It the frame rate that really kills the quality. Most are 30fps, get one that is 60fps and you'll be amazed at the clarity. They are usually wway too expensive though.
Thanks a lot it really makes a difference.
TO ALL THOSE CONSIDERING A DASH-CAM. THE EASE OF DOWNLOADING VIDEOS TO YOUR PHONE SHOULD BE THE ‼️NUMBER-1‼️ CONSIDERATION WHEN LOOKING FOR A GOOD DASH-CAMERA. TRUST-ME, WHEN YOU HAVE AN IMPATIENT COP STANDING NEXT TO YOU WANTING TO SEE YOUR‼️PROOF-OF-WHAT‼️HAPPENED VIDEO, YOU’LL BE GLAD YOU DID… 😅
A huge question that never gets answered in any review I watch for dashcams... does the date and time reset when the camera loses power? I've tested 4 different brands of dashcams recently and every single one of them does not have an internal button battery to preserve the onboard clock.
Washer/dryer all in one ventless and vented please. There’s sooo much inconsistency in the reviews on these.
Fantastic video topic!!!
I"ve had 4 different Viofos over the past 10 years, and they've all been pretty great, though so far they seem to die for some reason after 5 or 6 years. But I think they're a better value than the even more expensive brands like BlackVue or ThinkWare.
No way I’ve seen this car on the road
if you're not paying $400 - $500 for a professionally installed front/rear 4K 60fps Dashcam with a Starvis 2 sensor & HDR, don't waste your money. Also, a dashcam with a super capacitor is much more reliable than a DC with a Lithiom Ion battery. Also buy a high speed read/write 128/256GB mirco SD card.  The supplied microSD cards usually don't last.
How did he get all the cameras at each point of test with same daylight
Thank you so much for this video! Helped me make an informed purchase
Thank you so much for this video! Helped me make an informed purchase
I’ve had a 4K Red Tiger for around a year and bought an OBD power cord for it. It’s been very clear and bright.
You didn't weigh the products.  You're getting sloppy. 😂
As always great information but your voice is like nails on a chalkboard. New comparison your voice against other annoying sounds.
Really great work, so much effort put in!!
Thought Viofo sounded nice, good price aswell...wanted to use the links below, untill Amazon figured out i was from Europe and switched to the European site, 228,37 dollars...lucky enough local retailers have it for 143.72 dollars.  Amazon sure is weird for us outside the states x)
I would like to see how cobra and garmin and some of the other high quality ones compare to these.  I’ve used cobra electronics since my truck driving days (over 20 years ago) and have met very few to compare to them.
Thank you for the video! Based on personal experience (and from my vehicles), Thinkware and Vantrue dashcams are also pretty decent, and on par with the Viofo.
Man don’t you just love it when project farm posts about something you’ve been trying to make a decision on already?
Nailing it as always!
None of these are from the ones that most people are interested in or mainstream in the dashcam market. Please do 70mai, hikvision & Garmin into the list.
I have the adzome dash cam 100.00$ and very similar to the cool crazy in construction, front cam 4k and in cab + rear cam are 1080p.    The dash cam has been fantastic. Going on 4 years in the car with 0 issues.
No rexing?
2 minutes in ... the pitch of the voice gives me headache
Interesting that you got one of the cheapest and oldest VIOFO cameras and it still came out on top. VIOFO has some excellent options between $250-$500. Far better sensors, front and rear plus many other features. Worth the money for a long term investment in my opinion.
Can you do this again with more premium brand dash cams?
This dude deserves an MBA AS WELL AS his eagle scout badge. Talk about research and data collection! Great video thank you! 👍
👍👍👍👍
Made in China, Made in China, Made in China, Made in China.... Omg
what about the Vantrue N4 Pro?
This video gave me a case of gas price envy 😢
None of these dashcams, no matter their price and quality, can be compared to your video's content. Thank you for what you are doing for all the community here.  Regards from Poland
I had the Viofo and it didn’t last 1summer in the SC heat. Switched to the Rove in all 4 vehicles and they’re still running strong with the oldest being 4 years old now.
OK, I've got to know:  How do you come up with your tests?  While the execution of the tests is impressive as is your scientific method, what impresses me the most about these videos are the tests you conceive for these products.
linus tech tips did a video on dash cams a couple of years ago and came to the same conclusion as you. that viofo is a great camera. i also bought it because of them but i didnt need it this far so i couldnt share how good or bad the video quality is for my part
VIOFO has a 3 channel system
good job as usual !! but where is the garmin ??
Good informative video. With excellent compression backed up by a high performance processor, quality sensor, correct exposure and good lens, 1080P can easily outperform a mediocre 4K set up. I wonder if some of the 4K dashcans actually have a 4k sensor or if they used interpolation.
Love this channel. The readable vs. legible gave me good laugh. Keep up the videos, you’ve helped me quite a bit.
My main concern is how they handle the heat
How about a comparison on laser measure tools. Tons out there, some i know are good, some i know are bad
I was hoping you had included Vantrue and Garmin dash cams. I've seen dash cam videos uploaded to YouTube and bought a dash cam based on the quality I saw on those videos. I purchased a Vantrue. Vantrue also has a rear camera but doesn't include a SD card. The price for it was about the same as your highest price camera. This, however, was some years ago. I have multiple vehicles and plan on purchasing another dash cam based on your video. Thank you.
Thanks, I got the Viofo based on your review
Another excellent video, very well done!!!  Viofo is the clear choice for me, Thank you!
I think you might "test" why do we need a camera while we're driving around. I admit that I watch videos of "idiots driving" and their results, but other than me wasting time why does anyone need a video going to Walmart ....
It's crazy, I forgot I bought a Dashcam recently and after watching this I was like damn I should go get a Viofo only to discover the one I bought was a Viofo haha. Thanks for the comparisons.
I've been looking to replace my dashcam that doesn't stick to the window anymore and is old.  Appreciate the testing!  Potential video idea, stereo soundbars
Thanks for the hard work, I enjoy your tests.
WHY ARE YOU YELLING?
Channel seems to have lots of great content so i subbed. Your voice is wild by the way hehe
This was an awesome idea and great video!
I have had a Viofo A119 for almost 10 years now. I watched a review by Techmoan and that sealed the deal.  They do have options with rear cameras as well.  I wonder if we can get a review of those as well in the future.
your voice is insufferable i'm sad to say; good vid though
i bought the viofo a129  (front and rear cam) and both have been stuck to my windshields since 2018 on 2 cars, the quality is still great to this day, sometimes i post videos on youtubes of peoples crimes and horrible driving cause the video is so clear  😂😂😂😂, the rear view isnt as high quality as the front but is good enough for what its supposed to do
This test is kind of pointless because dash cams are for wrecks and most wrecks happen right in front of the vehicle not a hundred feet out also all of these cameras are worthless if they don't include GPS speed data nobody gets into a wreck with another car 100 ft apart
Looking at these garbage cams, I'm thinking about googling how to turn an old smartphone into a dash cam.   Granted the price is right, but with all the fraudsters out there, I'd rather have a much sharper picture.
Your videos are unmatched! I might have missed it but you should do a headlight bulb comparison.
I have a Garmin Dash Cam that Ive had for about 4 years now.  These all seemed to be a tier below the big brands for dash cams.  I would love to see a test with some higher end models, compared to models like the viofo. I think the Garmins start around $100.
Thank you for your hard work boss. Super helpful. You gotta make a rear camera video in the future please 😭😭
Viofo does have a dual and triple camera version, it's just the one you tested is front facing. Thanks for all the hard work though, i'm glad to see you came to the same conclusion that I did, the Viofo is far and away the best dash cam.
I would love to see the comparison of VIofo with 70Mai  810 Yeecore d53 and KAWA D11  as they all have Starvis 2. That would be a fair competition.😊
Viofo sells front and rear camera kits. Redtiger is good quality but also has software issues.
I have RedTiger dash cams in both my vehicles.  Their customer support is also top-notch.  I had the power supply fail after 8ish months on one of them, and two days later I had a replacement.  Fantastic.
Would love to see the out take where you get pulled over for having 11 dash cams on your windshield. Thanks for the great reviews as always!
i have viofo from 2 years - it is best camera and this и the only camera that really has the resolution, sony sensor and hdr, that the manufacturer declares.
8:15  Hehehe. "It really does looks this bad."
Guess im going with a Viofo. Great video all around. Only one thing to nitpick for future reference.   Legible: Refers to how easy it is to distinguish individual letters and words.  Readable: Refers to how easy it is to read and understand blocks of text.
Great work, thank you
It’s wild to me that there are dozens (if not hundreds) of Chinese dashcams, and they all have awful cheap sensors and very low bit rates, except for the viofo. But there’s also a reason the Internet is full of dash cam video from Asia and Russia I guess.  I’ve had an a120 duo for years, based on dashcamtalk forums recommendations.
The vast majority of (Chinese made) dash cams are pieces of junk.  Have wondered how they stay in business (maybe they don't) and why the best ones have not leaped to the forefront after 10 or 15 years of marketing.  It just seems like that market should be maturing and all the crap should have dropped off by now making a purchase easy but most are still inferior.
It’s wild to me that there are dozens (if not hundreds) of Chinese dashcams, and they all have awful cheap sensors and very low bit rates, except for the viofo. But there’s also a reason the Internet is full of dash cam video from Asia and Russia I guess.  I’ve had an a120 duo for years, based on dashcamtalk forums recommendations.
Best cam ife ever used is 70mai.... I've had 5 and originally bought as a Kickstarter
The v300 exploded when I got into my accident. Airbag blew it into 1000 pieces
Thank you for confirming the ONE cam I've had recommended to me. Viofo does have multi channel cameras, all I've heard is positive!
Only just got into your channel recently, but thanks for all this data/work. Quirky video suggestion: custom lightsabers. There's a bunch of different brands online to go through, and they all look fun to play around with 😀
Excelent video and I'd like to mention that VIOFO have the 129 model that can come with two cameras (either interior or rear facing camera). I have this model and is excellent without breaking the bank and the main reason that I bought VIOFO is because is the best one to read license plates at night with headlights shining on them (this could be in the test), and it already paid itself because of this exactly feature.
Please review RV trailer mounted cameras. Love your channel
This is the video I have been needing! Thank you!
Amazing! Thanks a lot! Exactly what I needed! Couldn’t subscribe fast enough 👍
I recommended your channel to a bunch of other YouTubers I told them you're about the best channel on YouTube channel around you are awesome at what you do thank you for the video
Viofo v3 hardwired with the polarizing lens makes it better.
The sheer amount of editing time, effort of mounting different cameras, driving through same road this must have required!! The effort this guy goes for us, incredible!   Thank you soo much.
This is all irrelevant because very few dash cams are RELIABLE. Nearly all of them stop working with no warning.  You have to set aside features and picture quality and try and find one that's reliable.  And that factor was completely ignored.
I currently run an Aukey DR02, which Aukey no longer sells. It has been a great camera but I've had it for about 6 years and it's a 1080p camera so I'm tempted to replace it so this video will be a huge help in deciding which dashcam to go with. There are a lot of junk cameras out there so having a good test like this is great.
Another great testing review. I have been thinking about getting a dash cam and this really helped me narrow my list to your top three. Leaning towards the Cool Crazy but al lot depends on price and other factors. If I walk in and there is a Viofo at a good price I am taking it home.
This came out the day after I buy a dash cam smh
PLEASE Test Ceramic Knives. There is so much crap out there it's hard to know which to buy
One of the most annoying voice I have heard.
2:20 these guys got the Warcraft font on their dashcam 😭
I've been putting off watching this, because I recently upgraded my camera to the new Viofo model, but I've been using that brand for about a decade now. And I was going to be crushed if it was not going to be high in your rankings.
Thank you so much for your hard work sir. it is very appreciated.
🎉
One of the tech reviewers was talking about how the quality has improved significantly across the board, but that it’s because manufacturers use the same same Sony chips. So when Sony releases a new chip, you see a jump in quality with newer cameras. It’s the little details that set them apart. As always great video.
I use a VanTrue N4 Pro. 10/10 in my opinion. Starvis 2 is what you want for the best footage
Still waiting on my video request of GREAT STUFF being able to be dissolved or not
I use my old phone, a Moto Z3, as my dash cam with a free app, Drive Recorder.  I have magnetic mounts in my vehicles, making it easy to transfer the phone between them.  It works for the trips I take.
Thank you for another excellent Project Farm video!  If you revisit this topic, please segments on operating temperatures. I had thought to use my GoPro Hero 6 as a dashcam on a roadtrip, but found out that between heat from being on the dash and being plugged into USB for power, it was too much heat for the camera, in spite of being in comfortable air conditioning. This was for a spring time trip from Florida to Mississippi. A little research confirmed this was a known issue.  I am sure there are a lot of other would-be buyers that live in much more brutal hot and cold conditions than I do.  Now I am going to have to search Project Farm for other dash cam videos from the past 2-3yrs. Past that doesn't count much as products change quickly.  I might pay up to $200, if I thought it was a good investment that I could hope to get 5-10yrs use.  Again, thank you!
I can't get over the weird Chengrish names. This was a great test of inexpensive cams. How about a test of some of the higher cost, higher performing cams as well?
Just think, if you are a woman wearing a bikini while reviewing these cameras, you would have over 10 million views!!!!!
I’ve had a VIOFO A119 V2 on my Tahoe since 2019. Never had any issues with it outside of it needed to reformat my SD card once or twice over the years. I will say that viewing license plates while moving in traffic isn’t perfect but you’ll usually be able to make out enough to get info if needed.  I also have a CPL lens filter which would be a cool addition to test out as a follow up if you tested other dash cams.  I put a Vantrue N4 in my wife’s car and was hoping it would have been in the testing lineup so I would know which of the two performed better.  The VIOFO and Vantrue seem to be the most regularly recommended dash cams on Reddit. Hopefully we’ll see a round 2 in the future (I can’t imagine how long it took to get this video done lol)
I have the Viofo, they do make one with a rear facing camera as well, which is the one I have. It was so good, I bought one for my wife and for my mom. Has already saved us on a few ins claims. Highly recommend.
You have got to change your voice a little bit you keep the same tone and it's extremely annoying and I like your videos so please
Personal injury attorney here. Been looking for a dashcam to recommend to my clients for years and like you I thought there wasn’t one. Thanks for reviewing these, been following your channel for years.
Nice try but the inconsistency of lighting conditions make this anything but a controlled experiment.
I just bought the Red Tiger , It inc. the back camera .
What a great informative video, as always. Thank you! I've been using the same VIOFO for a few months and love it. I would like to suggest PF test Over-The-Air TV ANTENNAS.
I feel this is a missed opportunity. You should have mounted a license plate on the ground at the appropriate height it woukd be mounted on a car. Then you drive by to the right side of it. This simulates driving by a car on the other lane. Then you check for good light, against the light, dusk, and dark
I forgot what channel it was, but they found out that most of these cameras are made from the same factory and that's why most of them are nearly identical..with that being said I'm using a Garmin Dashcam mini 3. it does it's job lol
👍
Why are you yelling like a used car salesman?
I got a rove not too long ago but I hope it does well for me
Video idea, test various brake caliper grease.
“OUTATIME” …🤣  Nice! 👍🏾
This was absolutely brilliant...
Thank you so much! Nice to see it's possible to get a really good dash cam at these prices. Like others have said, it's hard to find honest reviews for cameras.
Viofo now do a camera that records to an SSD. up to 4Tb. The only way to protect yourself from speed cameras where you don't get the ticket until wreks later.
Don't you know that you're supposed to cover the license plate with your finger?  Children may be on here!!  Oh the humanity!
Were they all filmed at the same exact time? Cause that Dodge and flatbed Chevy were in almost every shot
So nice camera
Video suggestion, paint protection films (PPF) for vehicles
12:53 *Why does that look like low beams but the next ones look clearly like high beams?*  Compare the light height on the poles on approach overall, totally looks like completely different lights were used lol
his voice is getting higher 😅
Do the rear view mirror dashcams please!
Is your voice really as irritating as it is in this video?  Seriously
i have the garmin and after just a few months it will randomly turn off and on, sometimes it wont turn on for a good 10min into the commute. This seems to be because it uses a USB connection which doesnt do well with vibrations
I suspected it would be redtiger and viofo as leaders considering all the hype on reddit
@ProjectFarm ,Impact/Collision performances the cams please (More Brands also please). Great videos as usual.. This has probably been said in the comments. Is there a test that can be performed to show how the cameras behave with footage / recording during/after an impact. LifeHackster on YT had a recent incident n luckily no sever injuries but put a bigger spotlight on how some dashcams stop recording or don’t save the moments just before , during and slightly after impact . Maybe your expertise in impact of things can shine added light on things .. Thanks so much for all the time n great vids
VIOFO offers what closely specs out as a front and rear cam version of the A119 V3 tested here: the A129 Plus Duo, for ~$160.  The rear is just 1080p, but that's true of most models in the price range.  That's the one I'd choose.
Great review, although I have never understood the “need” for a dashcam.
It's obvious that among the budget tiers, they're all using the same sensors and components, down to the voice telling you to put an SD card in.
Disappointing that you only looked at the lowest end of the market with generic amazon crap  Would love to see comparisons to the most expensive units at $500-800
I have the FitcamX in my son's car because it comes ready to wire without any splicing, and it has the camera fitted into the existing cover for the rear view mirror (you have no idea the camera is there).  4K and quite clear, but now I want to do some Project Farm testing :)
Maybe it's too much coffee 😂
I cannot overstate how useful this information is for me. You regularly save me HOURS or research and thousands in wasted cash.   Cheers, Dominic
SLOW YOUR SPEAKING DOWN! It’s awful couldn’t watch
I had to slow this video down to 0.75 the speed, too much info here, but this is all EXCELLENT ! :)
Where did this guy learn how to talk??
Always appreciate your content, but I’ve been in the market for one of these and was really hoping to see some of the more expensive premium models in this video.
Couldn't this human voice be replaced with a pleasant AI voice?🤔
Viofo cams are fantastic. Unfortunately for us consumers, you REALLY get what you pay for when it comes to dash cams. If you feel like you're getting a bargain in this market, it's probably because the product isn't very good.
So save your money until a viable product comes out. There seems to be similarities in GPS units being lousy after all these years. We know better products could be produced, but they want us to continue buying their junk. Not me. Thank you.
Talk about timing! My old Marcus3 (2015-16 model) shot it's last frame yesterday and I was planning on trawling google for replacement. You my man have saved me so much time. Thanks again for yet another great video.
Where my garmin mini fam at? Idk what all this other junk is
I appreciate the effort you put into this; however I will stick with my Kenwood. A dash cam is a must now a days with many drivers being so wreckless.
I just want to let everyone know that generally with the 180° lens dash cams. Clarity of text is always lower. That's why it's always advisable to read out the license plate out loud.
how  does that same truck kept making a left hand turn in each camera test  10:17
WOW! How can you listen to that voice?
Thanks for the video
Thank You for doing this comparison , I've been debating what I need to buy and your test videos are a great example of what they can do . Appreciate watching you through the years .
@ProjectFarm Best independent review channel on the internet.  Love your channel and i've been subbed for years, keep up the Excellent work and thank you!!!
Thank You !
Awesome job man! Keep up the good work!
Can you test out which best for floor wash Mechine like the Dyson G1. Clean and watch together
I was just looking into buying one thanks so much
Basically they're all rubbish. 4K? Big laugh. Test some more from $120 up. Thanks.
These should be illegal in the US period
You forgot the china dash cam.  70mai.
I've had 3 of the Viofo A124 and they record really well.  The problem is that during an accident, the camera is shocked so hard that it corrupts the micro SD card data making it useless.
Thanks for doing this test, much appreciated. =)
Excellent video as always!
Thanks for that. I managed to dodge the bullet and bought a Viofo a few weeks before this video was posted. Usually I'll pick a PF product. One thought, since your testing wasn't destructive this time. A dash cam is no good if it overheats or fills up its SD card and doesn't record. Running them in a 100f chamber, and running them until they fill the SD card and need to overwrite would get you another interesting video from your investment.
Great information but you might think about getting someone else to do your voiceovers. I had a headache at the end.
11:36 Cool crazy is on the LEFT but RedTiger is on the RIGHT but you called it the Ovaman.  Which is correct?  We may never know.
You should look into premium dash cameras there’s one I’ve wanted to see the performance on Vantrue N4 Pro 3 or the Vantrue N5 both have front dual cameras and both include a rear camera mount which can be rotated for parents to see a feed on the kids or to rotate it out the rear window to catch feed of a rear end accident
An important thing when considering your – cam is also the extra features that it has, like cloud backup, shock crash sensor, rolling buffer, Etc
You missed the Vantrue N4 and N5, which may have been out of your price range at three to four hundred. I’ve been using a Vantrue and a Rexing for four years. Both are excellent but the Vantrue is in 4K and 1080 for an extremely sharp picture in daylight and night time. I wouldn’t spend money on any of the units you chose. Some are too massive.
From what I can see on Viofo own webpage specs, the model that seems to fit your specification is the A129 2k dash cam. Is that the case ?. Because in your intro the box are from a A119 model.
Red tiger all the way. Everyone else is just trying
Looks as if there is an updated version of the VIOFO you linked.
I have the red tiger and the rear camera is a great feature to have. I wouldn't get a dash cam without a rear cam
You did a fantastic job on this video. I was and am very surprised to see how your methods are so universal. Just FYI, the best performance for bright/night etc is decided by the quality and dynamic range of the sensor (the photo capturing surface). The higher the dynamic range, the better its ability to capture highlight and low light. Then software compression is the next factor. Thank you for all you do. Give yourself a raise. Tell yourself Tex said it was ok.
70mai?? its easely the budget king for years
Great tests, your dash must have been pretty crazy crowded. I would have liked to see some more durability hardiness tests to go along with this, image quality is only half the battle
Really great testing!    Thank you!!!
I have the Rove R2. Doing great so far. One very cool thing is app functionality on the Rove. It's not essential to use the app but it's handy. The Rove R2 lets you instantly download clips in case you need to show police after an accident. I'm assuming the other cameras have apps, but I don't know for sure. Another cool thing is that the Rove R2 has a capacitor instead of a battery. This is helpful in hot climates as batteries don't do well in the extreme heat. Another cool thing about the Rove R2 is that you can invert the rear camera image with the app and set it as the main screen, effectively using it as a backup camera. The screen is tiny but it works for me. I've only had it for a year or so, so I don't know how long it will last. I also have another car with an unbranded rearview mirror camera. I prefer those since you can't tell from outside that there is a camera in the vehicle. And rearview mirror cameras usually have a touch screen and some of the more expensive ones have GPS navigation.
Finally!! So much fuss and fluff with dash cams, hopefully manufacturers finally take notice ✊️ thanks for another heavy lift 🤝
I really appreciate this review!
Very nice!  Answers a lot of questions.  Would be nice to get the Garmin offerings into the testing.
We find using an old cell phone works great!   Old cell phone has GPS real time everything and all in 4k. and it's "free".
My wolfbox is a front & rear dashcam AND a rear view camera. Attaches overtop of my real rear-view. Still a similar price and replaces my useless van mirror
Video suggestion: Air scrubbers and purifiers!  We spray paint in offices quite a bit, and sucking up the paint fallout as well as taking away harmful fumes would be an amazing video!  Thank you for all your hard work! You are my favorite equipment/tools channel!!!!
I love your reviews so much.  As a tradesman, I appreciate the types of tests you put your subjects through.  I have had many dashcams.  Most do not last.  I have a Cobra in my Jeep and a Redtiger in my truck.  Looking for one for my car.  This helps alot.  I like the Redtiger F17 I have. (3 cameras).  800k views in 20 hours.  Congrats on your growth.  Well deserved.
Viofo has had virtually ZERO competition for at least 5-10 years.
OMG.. Sounds like you did 3 lines of coke, then ate a family bag of Skittles right before downing a Baja Blast Big Gulp!! The enthusiasm is way too much for a Monday morning. haha nice comparison too!
The Miden is 1 angsty teenager away from becoming a Japanese honda car edit
❤Project Farm  ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Great video! I don't know if someone already asked, but do you have a picture of how the cameras were all set up in your vehicle? It looks like they were all set up at the same time and I bet that was a challenge to mount and power
will you do a video of comparison on premium or regular gas from different gas station, like shell, costco, sams club, chevron, mobil, etc TIA!!
the only review channel I trust
Excellent video. Jam packed with useful info and to the point. There is only one thing missing, and that applies to a lot of dashcam review videos. For people living in hot areas it is important to know if the dashcam is battery or capacitor-powered as capacitors are usually more heat proof and the dashcam will last longer. Edit: and I just read on Amazon the Viofo has a capacitor. :)
We have a Viofo, after a review by Linus Tech Tips, and it was based 100% on image quality.
Thanks for another great review and a tour of Peculiar.
Check Vantrue,  you won't be disappointing
This is awesome! Would you consider testing small clip on body cameras?
Seeing this got me thinking, I can't find a review for a borescope on your channel, would be nice to know which ones give the best image, phone app, wifi vs wired
I wish you had blackvue as well
The Reddit dashcam subreddit generally suggests Viofo dashcams.
The only thing missing and i dont know how to test this but if anyone can figure out it's Project Farm, is how these perform in an accident, so sudden impact force.   YT channel LifeHackster had a video how viofo didnt work when his wife got in an accident, it didnt record to the SD properly due to impact. He said he was going to test this aspect going forward ...but wasnt sure how (not going to purposely crash a car while recording)  Good video, great content as always, thank you!
VIOFO has a rear camera port.
Great review! Would it be possible in the future to do a comparison of tire pressure monitors? 4, 8 10 channels? Thanks!😎
Another great video! I've been considering a dash cam and I'm glad to know which ones to avoid.   Have you considered doing a video on kitchen shears/utility scissors? That would be cool. Make sure to test the cutco brand
Hi,  I would like you to make a video to help me find the best Wireless Recording Mic for Interview Video Podcast PLEASE
You didn’t test any of the garmin products.
Wtf's up with ur voice man? 😭 Try wearing looser underwear or something 😂 Lift some weights. Grow a pair 🏐🏐  Other than that great video man. Thank you!
Sorry but I am not able to listen to your voice in your videos as it sounds to me like you are yelling at me all the time.
a heat test would have been very useful for those in hot climates.
This is awesome! Great review of the basics! At least we can see what's worth our money. I would've liked a quick review of each camera's app and interface reliability. Thanks for doing this.
well looks like I know which camera I am getting for the wife, lol.  The VioFo has come up in alot of my searches and was skeptical price wise since it was inexpensive compared to the others I was looking at (they were $200+).
I recently purchased the viofo A329 front and back dashcam. I can say the quality is definitely no joke, I’m very pleased with it so far, especially with how user friendly it is. I recommend 100%
Well. Now I know what dashcan to buy. Thanks PF
Thank you!!! Really appreciated that. You are the master at this stuff. Thank you!
My friend in florida had three cams melt one after the other 😂😂
Is it possible to match the Viofo up against big name brands like BlackVue and Thinkware? I'm a long time buyer of BlackVue for their quality and features but their cameras are much more expensive than the Viofo and from these tests the Viofo looks about on par with my footage
And this video is proof why I always trust Project Farm for the tests I need to prove why I purchase things I need.  Thank you, and I always give you a like before even watching the video.
How is the same truck driving by when your doing the sign test. If each camera was tested separately. Looks as if just the exposure Is changed
Its all the software. They are trying to squeeze the video signal to oblivion to get more out of SD cards. The Viofo and coolcrazy have the better compression and exposure algorithm. 1080p without being super compressed and analog camera would be more than sufficient. Until they use a better algorithm, they will all have grain and digital noise.
PSA, make sure to get an SD card designed for dash cams, a standard card will fail from getting overwritten so many times
I've had 3 Viofo cams and picture quality is great.  Only issue I've had is at 1-2 years they failed and stopped working.  I suspect it could have been heat damage over the. I live in Sydney Australia and parked all day at work in the hot sun.   Unfortunately i can't say for sure and i have no other heat data on other cameras to say if they died 2. Also i no longer have that job where i have to park in the hot sun so day
Hi, if you repeat this test, can you include a Nextbase camera, I think they are available in USA, but in UK and Eurpoe I think they are the market leaders and you have I'm sure a large audience this side of the pond. Love the channel. Mike
Need to get your eyes checked.
One thing to think about is most dash cams let you choose the resolution and frame rate and it's usually a trade off between the 2
Did you test Roav
well thanks for hollering at us once again
Buying the Viofo. Thanks for the testing.
BlackView is the only way to go.  Have them in all my vehicles.  They're not cheap but they're the best.
I've been looking for a "dash cam" this video came just in time. Thanks!
Good job. I look here often before purchasing many items. Thank you.
My fav youtuber 🙌thank u so much (for helping the lil joe 🙏me .
A few months ago I switched from BlackVue to VIOFO and I'm very happy.  I'm glad you're getting the same results in your testing.  The one test I wish you did was heat endurance because here in the Florida heat it's very important to have a camera that won't turn off in a scorching car.
We want a 4k edition dash cams comparison video !
The algorithym is too real I was looking into buying one but never trust reviews thank you for the in depth review!
What! Your paying 269 for reg gas it's twice that here in central California!!!
shame the camaras are made in china, why o why is all our stuff made in a communist country?
Love the content but your cadence and tone are unbearable… would rather listen to an AI generated voice…. Please change so the audio matches the quality of the video/content!
I personally own a Redtiger F7NP, it has the front 1440p + rear 1080p and night vision. I've already helped some people as I caught a car crash in front of me on cam. It's really come in help. However, I'm in Texas so the 105 F heat baked the stock Micro SD that it comes with, got a Samsung EVO Select Micro SD 64 GB and it's worked flawlessly. The only downside is it doesn't record sides. But it's awesome at front/rear recording.
You should of included more expensive ones like viofo a329 or 229 and other "name" brands like thinkware , blackvue...not just budget cameras.
I don’t know if it was my suggestion that got you to review the cams but thank you very much for your painstaking time. I appreciate your hard work and dedication 👍🏽
I was wanting you to do this video SO BAD. THANK YOU! I can finally buy a dash cam!
you should do a premium dash cam test
So needless to say not all – cams are created equal!!
Viofo offers way better models than this
Wtf with the squeeky voice? Balls never dropped ? Too much tofu?
I thank god i watched the linus tech tips video about viofo. I had no idea until now how bad all the others actually were!
Most of these dashcams aren't reliable. They might not record while driving and will not cover what you need
Man ive wanted one of these for awhile!
Now do some mid range dashcams... Like Blackvue
This review was right on time! Was just looking to swap out my old grainy dash cam but never know what I'm gonna get so thank you. Best reviews as always
Happy to see you review these and get your method down before buying the more expensive ones like BlackVue.
I wonder how the viofo would fair against big brands like garmin
I think a video on pet cameras would also be very interesting!
A 1080p camera with a better lens and bigger sensor will outpeform an 8k camera with them not as good. The lens actually limits what can be resolved in terms of reading far away things, and a bigger sensor is more forgiving of lens flaws as well as low light. I’d be interested in the rear cams at 480 or 1080
I have a Viofo A229 installed on all my family's vehicles.  This has a 4k front camera (basically the A119) with an added 1080p rear camera wired in.  It has saved us several times from drivers claiming me or one of us was at fault.  They have paid for themselves several times over.
Next time do the Nextbase 622GW or iQ 4K
For a sec I thought this was going to be a Temu ad. The only reason I felt safe clicking it was the shoe ad underneath it had a Temu logo on it.
when cops roll up to an accident sometimes the evidence is not clear and they have no clue as to what happened.  Get a dashcam because it can save your ass when other drivers lie... and they do.
I've been using dashcams in all my vehicles for close to 12 years.  Since getting away from lithium battery models and switching to capacitor powered Viofos, I've only had 1 out of 7 fail over that 10 year period.  Get a high endurance memory card.  Hardwire them with a proper step-down converter and extension cable.
Great work as always! I’m going to look now, but I hope you have done or will do a comparison of trail & game cameras!
Incredible work, thank you for what you do.
You did not test a Garmin product!
Video suggestions  Portable AC unit to cool a bedroom or basement
If you're ever testing dash cams again, I hope you can test the one I got last year for when I was doing ride sharing: the Vantrue N2 Pro. Admittedly, I've never watched the footage it's recorded, and I mostly bought it just to cover my butt if anyone made false accusations while in my car.
I’m still looking for a good 360 camera with a good rear camera. It doesn’t seem like people are interested in full coverage or good quality. I know the technology exists and I’d definitely pay a reasonable price for one, but all my research turns up nothing good or flat out scams.
70mai dashcams are good also, was hoping you would test them also
Nice review, but kind of a letdown without a Garmin (USA) in the mix here.
What’s wrong with your voice?
You know the Miden is going to be junk just from the name sounds to much like Biden 😂😂😂😂
The viofo had an option that comes with a rear camera. Mine came with one.
People in that house had to have thought they were being stalked.
I bought a Viofo A129 Plus (2k60 front and 1080p30 rear) around 3 years ago, paid around 150€ for it and it is incredibly well performing even at night for a dash cam
TLDR Buy two VIOFO, one for front and one for rear. By far the best quality
I bought a Rexing V1P dash cam for my wifes car a few years ago. I've been wanting to get one for my truck ever since, but just haven't gotten around to it. Looks like I'll be getting a Viofo, as long as I can get a rear canera with it. 👍
I just have an iPhone 8 with 64gb tapped for the rare view window and an iPhone 11 pro max for the front. I don't think there is a better camera than an iPhone plus instead of throwing them away I get my money worth😏
did you consider taking any 4k and 1080 photos with a cell phone or decent camera?  Even at 1080, the quality of the lens can affect the quality of the photo.  At 4K, it is critical.
This is a great video, I have watched a lot on these wanting to get one, and what many have said breaking them open, they have one of two sensors and what you typically get with more money is more bells and whistles, and sometimes better software which gives the better clarity.  Can't wait for your next video.
I love it when he says “we’re gonna test that”
I’ve had a refurbished NEXAR CLASSIC for three years and it helped me in one accident where I got rear ended, even though it was facing forward that decision of my life.
Love the 'Outatime' Back to the future license plate!
There all crap they will die from the heat of being in the window sooner or later and if the heat dont get it the cold does 😂
Did you compare the manufacturers of the SOC for each camera? Maybe Novatech? There might only be 1 or maybe 2 dash cams in that group, hence why they all suck. Any idea who makes the CMOS sensors?
I can vouch for VIOFO. An excellent dash cam.
Great reviews 👍 a review of lte dashcams would be great 👌
Love this dudes videos 👍
This is how you do products showcase/test.  Bad lighting, fast moving, distance clarity.  Everyday situations.  Even told us which ones had coupon pricing.
It just sucks that there is no clear leader that is good in all categories
Video starts at 17:32
Candid advice, please use AI voice.
Miden at night is the worst with the flickering
One of the best and may be the number one test done right. Well done with the video. As an editor myself, I know this was so much storage to store and go through. So people make sure you support the channel. A lot of work when into making this “I’m so sure of it”
I tested several youtube testers and this dude smoked the competition in every category.
Wow, I trust Project Farm much more than Consumer Reports. I have received very good informational over the years. My go to channel for new purchases.
Thanks for the real use case reviews.
Great video, I was just about to purchase a new dash cam this will help a lot. Thanks, P.S can you test how well they do in a crash situation !!
I am in the market for a DC and never even seen these brands LOL all of them seem to be trash.
I've said it before but I'll say it again before buying anything I always consult project farm for a review
I myself have a viofo and I am very pleased with it in both the vehicles that I have
idk why dash cams have to be so cheap compared to other cameras.  Thing that drives me crazy about mine is that I can't figure out how to get the footage to be viewed in any other platform other than the driver the camera company makes, and I paid close to 100 dollars for mine.  If i got in an accident, I'd have to record the video on my screen to send it in as evidence, but I will say, the picture quality is pretty good on mine.
I have had one of the rearview mirror dashcams for a while now.....would like to see a comparison of some of the other models of the mirror cams. They don't appear to be making the one I have now, but have liked having the camera instead of the mirror because it eliminates more of the blind spots. The only issue I have with the mirror cam is that the distances can be a bit harder to judge......but that would be a good comparison to look into.
Thank you!
Viofo has served me well for over 10 years. I still have the original version of the A119, and when it came to getting a new one for my new car, the Viofo Mini 2 with the starvis 2 sensor was a no brainer. It's only a bit more expensive that the A119 v3  As for rear facing, yes it's nice to have but you get a dashcam for insurance purposes and 99% of the time if you get rear ended, you don't need to prove your innocence, the other driver is assumed to be at fault. Personally the hassle of installing and the cost of purchase are just not there.
Are there any made in the USA ?
Would like to know if all the cameras was positioned in the same spot on each test or were they all in the window at the same time which to me with throw off some of the viewing
4:26 tiger is properly expose while the cool crazy is over exposing too much
Oh man, perfect timing for this video for me. Thanks for the great thorough work on these!
I have the Rover4K and keep it on 1080p 60FPS and works pretty good.
I LOVE YOU DUDE!  You genuinely test what we actually want to test in the way the we actually use stuff.  Thanks man.
Anyone else think that the people who come up with some of these company names are the same people who come up with the names of prescription medications that you see in television commercials?
Come on now who is looking for this I use my phone as my dash camera😂 lol I'll watch oil pouring out freezing I'll watch the videos with the antifreeze I'll watch videos of you putting corn oil into lawn mower engine😂 not goofy dash cams😢ugh!!😅
Made in china 🎼made in china 🎼made in china🎼made in china🎼made in china🎼made in china🎼❌❌❌❌❌❌🤮
About a year ago I bought the Viofo and it's going strong.  Great review!  Thank you!
Thank you 🙏
Wow, great comparison.  Thanks!
Love this.  You might consider a public speaking class to improve
Thanks Todd @ Project Farm
As always, amazing work! I've used a dashcam for many years and, fortunately, all of my footage has been too boring to save. Given that my current camera is old, all of these are probably better. One thing I wish you had tested, though, is resistance to heat. It gets pretty warm on the dash and some cameras do not survive. The power supply seems to be the major issue, and super-capacitors seem to do better than battery.
Finally! A trustworthy dashcam review with practical tests!
Thanks for the review but do you really speak like that?
Something to note.  I buy Vantrue cameras generally, but I have the Red Tiger for my convertible because it was the only camera I could find that had a waterproof rear facing camera.  This is important because the rear facing camera goes in the back window, which doesn't exist when the top is down.  I prefer the Vantrue by far, but Red Tiger does have very good customer assistance.
All made in China. It's just a Chinese spy tool in your car. Buy American made dash cam
I feel like the main problem all these dashcams have is that they are worthless in a hit and run type accident due to the low recording rate. Even at 60 FPS recording you don't get many frames with two carspassing each other at say 40 mph. Resoultion wise 1080p or 1440p would propably be more than enough if the camera could capture enough fps.
Just a comment to juice the algo.
Great video as always! I think I asked for this a year or 2 ago, thanks! Do some midtier ones !
Please don’t use the “shouting” voice. Just talking would be fine.
I have been looking for a good dash camera for a while, but all of them have bad reviews in Amazon. I'll go with the winner on this video. Thanks.
Bro, this is exactly what I needed, thank you!!!
The sensor is what matters most.  You can upscale to any resolution in software.  Viofo Is good but know what sensor is in which and what CONCURRENT resolutions they'll records if you want rear at the same time.
Wow! Great review! I have a Viofo that is almost a decade old and still performing well so I was happy to see the brand still doing so well when compared to others! I linked this video on my facebook timeline for my friends to see.
When you see that the camera you bought before the review is the #1, got lucky!
Please test more expensive dash cams as well.
All  Junk
Great review, wish you would have added the VanTrue
I’ve had RedTiger for a while and have been extremely happy with the ease of use of the product as well as the user friendly app. I almost got into an accident and my wife was able to pull up the video while still driving and recording
One recommendation i can suggest is now testing high end dashcams. Itd get super super fast though.
One recommendation i can suggest is now testing high end dashcams. Itd get super super fast though.
That's a lot of work, so thank you. But people around you must think you're very serious with a dash full of cameras 😊
Another awesome and thorough test from Project Farm!
Thank you for your time and the results on these.
Vantrue n4 pro is the best one, but expensive
Thanks for the reviews. I’ve been thinking about buying one and this video has been the most helpful.
You just do the best comparisons
Viofo seems to have it! Thanx very much for your efforts!
Thank you for your videos, I appreciate coming to view them every Sunday evening when unwinding from the weekend. I took this one to heart as I drive a lot and have contemplating having a camera to catch some of the things I see. Thanks to your unbiased testing, I checked out the winner of your comparative test and found it on Amazon on sale for $99, and was dropped off at my door before I went out to work this morning. A win all around! Your other videos have always left me with food for thought, but this time I decided to start cooking too.
Glad to see the VIOFO come out on top. It is one of the brands that regularly goes on sale for Prime Day and Black Friday for under $100 so a steal at that price
Can the narrator squeak a little louder when he speaks? Geee!
I would really like to see a comparison of shaving razors. I bought a Henson safe-T razor and the blades they sell. Super curious about other name brands.
1080p 60fps  or 4k should be ok for moving image
Dashcams is like a laptop webcams - stupidly shitty and OP. Even cheapest phone have better camera. Why Samsung, LG or Sony don't wanna make good and reliable one?
You should do the best cellular trail/security camera
If you have an expensive car and wany peace of mind... dont buy anything sub 200. Theres a reason why brand name cameras are that expensive. The BEST cam Ive ever seen (work automotive used to instal the shittoo) is the thinkware units. Best night time censor, best features, best form factors buuuttt also cost a bit. In saying that for amount of features you get such as gps, speed cam warning, redlight cam warning, drift, fronr rear, park mode, proximity censor etc etc it actually turns out to be pretty well priced.  Not fae behins thinkware is blackvue.
Another great job.
You forgot to say,  that they all use the same chip so it is a no brainer.
How about a video on best - budget android autos?
Awesome video as always, would like to see the DDPAI brand featured in a future video as they have models that rival the VIOFO and Rove
Can you rate all the bottle jacks
Vantrue N4. You’re all welcome.
the viofo has major issues in canadian winters, i've had a couple of em die, even with the supercap edition.  It used to be a decent value cam but there are better options now for sure.   Currently have had a vantrue x4s for going on 3 years in canada, the only issue i've had is with the hardwire kit it included, will very very occasionally randomly drain the battery which is so annoying.  Typically when extreme cold rolls in, the low voltage cutoff doesnt kick in.
Hi Todd, I wonder if you ever do another dashcam showdown, can you wrangle Cousin Eddie to drive a car head on, so you can test the performance of the cameras reading license plate while in motion (maybe, day/night, varying speeds or turns?). My main use case for a dashcam is just in case for accidents like hit and run and be able to read the offending car's license plate, so being able to see the plate while freeze motion is important. (higher FPS helps).
Been looking for a dash cam but not sure what to get. This hopefully will solve my dilemma
If a dash cam has 5g WiFi, does it create its own WiFi system you can link to with your phone, or can it just connect to a router at home or something
Most of those cameras have the same censor, just rebranded and slightly tweaked... Only recently some brands started going for the newer Sony sensor like the VIOFO A229 Pro; Which makes a huge difference.
Great video comparison. Helped quite a bit with my decision! Thanks.
Tech summary in a few lines. In a dashcam, what matter most is the SENSOR, much like your eyes. Viofo use Sony Starvis for the older models and Sony Starvis 2 for its models since 2023, both doing really well. CPU power is the next on the list. It processes the images and applies filters to them, like sharpening the numbers on the license plate. the last thing is the so call 4k/2k/1080p image quality, which means how much information is stored. If the sensor doesn't catch it, or the filters unable to fix it, saving a 4k video does nothing other than eating up your memory card faster. Other than this, you should know a higher sensor frequency allows you to catch images that move faster (in some cams you can set it - 4k 60Hz / 2k 120Hz), like a car plate coming from the opposite direction. CPL helps to not records your dashboard reflection. Park mode allows you to record while your engine is off. If you want park mode, you need to connect it to the 12V power which you need to pay someone to do it for you. If not it is possible to install it yourself. peace.
I'm surprised you didn't check the 70mai brand. They're the most popular in Europe and offer good quality at decent price. AFAIK, they're available in the US too.
This is very helpful. Many thanks
The only way to high quality video is:  Panasonic S1RII Leica L-mount 90mm F2,8 3TB harddrive 3x LED panels at 5000K Rodin gimbal 4x 12V LiPo for all day recording Stereo mike arrangement with sound deadening materials  If you can still fit in the cabin, you can safely record every second with perfect exposure.
I own a pruveeeo it work great it was able to capture a tree falling on the road yesterday at 90feet and the side cameras are great for traffic stops day or night.
I've been using Viofo dash cams for a long time, and they are definitely among the best at any price. If you don’t want to waste time or money guessing which one to buy, just get a Viofo. Right now, I’m using a three-channel model. Another amazing review, thanks for your time and effort.
I agree with all the positive comments. You the comparisons I only dream of doing. Thank you.
Imagine owning the house to the right of his sign test videos haha
As someone who was ticketed for running a red light that was actually yellow, you need a dashcam.
This time I skipped around your video because I realized the only dashcam I recognized was the Viofo. No heavy hitters in this test like Blackvue, so the results were not surprising.
You may have missed the fact that about 80% of 1080p cameras are actually "interpolated 720p" ie fake. They are 720p camera and the picture is upgrade ( each pixel is doubled ) so you get 1080p roughly. Also the Chinese like to add the rear camera (720p) and front camera (720p) together and the screen that displays them is 1080p. It's usually not possible to tell unless you take them apart. The main clue is the cheap price. If you want to see more details about interpolated fake dash cams, look at some of the videos on my channel. This fake interpolation can apply to 4k ones as well. This is a product/market FULL of fakes.
The Viofo also is one of the few that has no internal batteries (it uses capacitors) so if you’re somewhere where the inside of your truck gets to 150 degrees (like here in Texas) that’s a big plus.
How about some quality ones for a part 2 video?
I've had a Viofo for 4years. Best dashcam I've had. No stopping, hang ups etc. I have it working 24/7 (while parked as well) and the captured image is pretty good on my 24" monitor.
i've had a viofo for over 5 years now and it is perfect, I was in an accident and it recorded everything perfectly and was of huge help in the process of insurance claim, highly recommend the VIOFO
Viofo does offer models with rear cameras, just at a higher price point. I highly recommend them myself.
Thank you, sir! Another great review as usual! We had a viewer suggest this video after watching one of our videos with a road rage incident!
I've been waiting for an unbiased review of dashcam products. Thanks for making it happen.
Thank you for this video
Sooooooooooo much information… Great job…👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
I own a dump truck and had 3 different incidents in the last 5 years in which a car/truck ran into the side of me, two of them lied about the incidents and cost me over $5K in damages to my truck. The perfect camera set up for a dump truck/strait truck would be 3 cams/channels. One for strait ahead and one for each side view of the truck. While you were compiling your camera info did you come across a such set up that you recommend? One on the dash/windshield and one mounted or each sideview mirror to see side view of the truck perhaps?
As usual Superb video! PERFECT editing! Thank You sooo much. I know How I struggled when choosing my cameras.  Older one (close to 5 years) in the first car is the MIO MiVue 798 Dual. Great overall camera. The second car (since 2 years) VIOFO A129 Plus Duo. So I have chosen wisely the second time around :D.
Well this is timely, need a dash cam for the wife's new car. Thanks for the great tests.
I just ordered that viofo. I’m hoping it uploads video and connects easier than my garmin that is getting dated
What people should take from tjis video is that ANY dash cam is better than none. You definitely need to more dash cam tests for sure, id like to see the Yi dashcam that I have
Why are you yelling at me
I have a DOD dashcam since many years and I love it, too bad this brand was not include in the test
Please do this same test with smart phones.  For Android, I recommend DroidDashCam which is free and has great flexibility.  Also, rideshare drivers prioritize the quality of the microphone and interior recording quality.
Yooooooooo finally
Super helpful. Thank you.
Hey Todd, when you compare products side by side, instead of comparing the current one with the previous one, compare the current one with the best one yet!
Well done, definitely validated my VIOFO cams I bought last year. Mine have rear cameras, 1440p front and 1080p rear. Found one refurbished for $100 and another on sale (previous gen) for just over $130, but even at full price of $180 it's worth it just for peace of mind
Great video and nice Back to the Future reference (license plate)
Bro sounds like Waffle from Cat Scratch
Good information but your "used car salesman TV commercial" voice is obnoxious.
rather have clarity on license plates  than street signs. a must have front AND back cam.
This test proves it takes more than the resolution of the sensor to make a good dashcam.  Good wide angle clarity and focus combined with proper exposure management are the keys to a good product.
Viofo is the gold standard when it comes to dashcams. A119 is the best bang for the buck you can get since any other cheaper dashcam is a waste of money compared to it.  Quick tip: Buy a cpl filter, that will reduce reflections by a lot.  If you want the best dashcam and also want to have a back camera, have a look at the viofo A229Pro. You could even run it 3-channel to allow front, back and inside view.
Really good job on testing!  Nailed the aspects of what is important.
Thank you for your review!👍
It's a pity that the Pruveeo is so terrible; its gimmick of 4 cameras (front, rear, and sides) has a certain appeal.
A very good, thorough video. I have 2 Arifayz cameras in my truck (front and rear). I shopped for price and an app. I'm pretty happy with the image quality for the price ($35 each). I prevously used dashcams that required viewing the footage on a computer. In the event of an accident, I want the footage to be immediately available (for police and insurance company) and the convenience of not having to remove the SD card from the camera.
ok... 1min 18 sec in and I could no longer stand the pitch in this guys voice... I'm gone...
Notice that Todd had a dozen cams all set up in his vehicle all at once to test them fairly.
Great review Mr T! Would be interesting to see these against some "known" brands like Garmin too.
I have a Vantrue N4 Pro and it's pretty good. I would have liked to see how vantrue stacked up but this was still very good.
Good info as always. Here in the UK I use a dashcam made by "Nextbase", priced around US$100 I think it would be a good match for your winner.
Thanks for your excellent detailed reviews from UK
Thank you sir!
I used to own Viofo A119 five years go, now i use 70mai A510
i like the viofo but no rear camera 😭 so i still dont know what to get
We need to see what fish finders are good ones.  Fishing opener is around the corner.  You will have good luck passing the test units on too. 👍🏻
I always like seeing the best and the best value.  Thank you.
Biggest issue for me with reviews of dash cams and something you didn't cover as well, is how they handle baking in the sun, I've had quite a few battery ones inflate like a pillow in the heat.  And there's like very few cameras that have capacitors.  So I'd love to see how these and more expensive ones stack up before I buy my next one.  Tired of wasting money on expensive ones that die after 18 months and are out of warranty.
The best reviews. I can always count on you for the most thorough examinations.
I think the dude's channel and what he does is so valuable... However...the way you're ranty voice gets a little annoying at times.  Dude,  just relax and speak like you would normally would.  So your videos would be longer, I don't think people would mind.  Again, great channel!
a retired engineer: really well thought out & executed test.  best i’ve seen.  well done sir and thank you.  valuable information.
I have the Red tiger and rear facing came is excellent in the night. Pitch black and I can see behind me with no lights on at all. Paid 50 bucks brand new from a pawn shop. 😁
Would be cool to see these compared to the cheapest garmin
I picked up a VIOFO several years ago...very pleased with it. I also like the fact that I could purchase a second GPS module that lets me switch out the dashcam between vehicles.
Mini USB in 2025 is a joke. It seems like the dashcam market is flooded with cheap chinese garbage products. I would have found it interesting to test these dashcams against a run of the mill smartphone camera.
Amazing work as always! Thanks for doing this video...👊🏻😎🍻
Based on that white Ram, you must have had all the dash and hooked up and recording all at once. I can just picture the windshield…
Garmin Thinkweare  Viafo Blackvue  Rexing Vantrue
Well done. Very helpful.
MY GOD your voice is annoying . . .
I try to imagine another driver seeing you move past with a dozen dashcams on the windshield.  You must have seemed like you were either crazy or outright paranoid about getting in an accident.  lol
This is a great video. Well done
All of these cameras only use one of two sensors.
These are all budget cameras, so now it’s time to do a mid-range and high-end test! VIOFO will still win in those categories as well!
most dash cams will be used not to read plates or street signs, but to prove your case for who ran the red light or who didnt stop at the stop sign or who merged in whos lane
First time your voice has killed me...
60fps 1080 for dash cans is always better than 30fps at 4K
I have a Red Tiger and i love it for now, wifi, voice command and only 120 dollars something
Finally someone did a fairly objective review of dash cams. Great work! Usually you have to rely on the reviewer's personal opinion of a single dash cam and look at their youtube sample to judge the quality. Viofo was put at a disadvantage in this test with their 1440p version being used when they have 4k versions available, but it still came out on top. Last year I purchased Viofo 3-channel 4k front, 2k rear, 1080p interior for a lot of money. Now I am at ease knowing that I didn't waste my money. Thanks.
Not sure if you can get a hold of Nextbase Dash cams from UK, would be awesome if you could have included those in the video :D
Great assessment and thank you for taking the time to make this video; I know how much work and time is involved. Well done. I have owned and installed a few dash cams over the last 15 years and having owned two Viofo dash cams over that time, I agree that for the price, Viofo is one of the better products. I currently have the Viofo T130 three channel installed, made review and full installation videos about it, and it has been the best I have owned so far. They offer great quality at a fair price... and no, I wasn't paid to say this, it's just my opinion as a guy who owns the product 😎. Thanks again, from Canada.
viofo looks the most basic and simple camera but seems to function better then it looks
Maybe I'm watching too many 'bad cop" videos but do any of these allow for instant upload of video so that it is not just stored on an SD card or phone?  In the case of a phone confiscation and attempted break-in, or even destruction of the phone?
The approach to the review was a genius
Question: since the Viofo only goes one direction, can the app receive streams from multiple cameras, if you were to purchase 2 or more?
So Viofo's 2k camera beat most of the other leading brands 4k cameras!
Thanks for the sightseeing of the neighbourhood!
Perfect timing!  I've just started looking for a dash cam and now I have facts to guide me. I appreciate your efforts.
Why u don’t test 70mai😂 it’s not fair. Even a 810 the flag ship model is cheaper than viofo
You should definitely do rear view mirror cameras! Iv been wanting to get one but not sure what one actually works as it should
This guy should be put in charge of approving testing methodologies for the FDA!
Thank you for posting this video
I am tearing my house apart looking for hidden cameras and microphones as you come out with a video about something I've been looking into about every time....
I have recently got into smaller, rechargeable, high output flashlights, like the Olight Milwaukee, and Nitecore as examples. I think this would be a great showdown.
Good vacuum sealers. Slim type and chamber would be a great video
And when your done here. swiftly takeyourself to LINUSTECHTIPS answer to why there all kinda same same.
One thing many reviewers forget to check or mention is what is the maximum size or capacity of SD card these cameras can work with. This will show you how often you have to replace the SD card on a long trip if you want to keep all the recordings or for the later editing. Viofo can be formatted to 256GB while many cameras can see only 32gb or 64gb. The older Viofo model 119 V2 could see 512GB formatted on your PC but V3 cannot. Only 256GB, but even this should be enough for all day driving. Also Viofo has an optional kit for ACC power connection for parking mode (HK3). It doesn't have any built in battery but uses a super capacitor so the camera is resistant to failure because of the high heat effect on batteries (exposure to the sun). I am not sponsored by Viofo, I am talking from my own experience.
Excellent video! 👍🫡🇺🇸
I have had a VIOFO dual dash cam got a few years now, and it’s been really good.
TL;DR Please
before i buy i come to see if you have done a video about it first...i have just bought the viofo, many thanks for all your hard work.
WHAT ABOUT VIEW ANGLE? First cam I bought advertised 140degrees, but reality was below 100degrees --- which is rather useless, as you'll either miss entire incidents, or crucial parts thereoff. My second advertised 170degrees and was close enough... I think I rather have an unsharp video that proves I didn't cause an accident, than one that shows the numberplate of the other car involved but doesn't establish what happened.  Too late to add such info? As you stated, often difference between advertized info and manufacturer's info.
What an aggravating voice. I had to turn the volume down.
Love your videos! Long time subscriber! I love my garmin mini 2 dash cam.
You need to be aware that lots of cheapo dashcams wont hold up in the heat.
I have had a Viofo 129 for several years (now superceded by the 229).  Highly recommended.  I think it is essentially the 119 but with a rear-facing camera added
THAT WAS GREAT..  I have used the Viofo for about 6 years, and went for the Red Tiger due to the rear camera.  Truth is, that any camera is better than no camera, because it will protect you to see what happens in traffic collisions and acts of destruction or violence.  thanks
Hey PF, how about a test about cars tires? 😤 which the best for the money?
I only dislike because you dont write metric values for the rest of the world to understand.
A review for electric hair trimmers would be informative.
I actually have two of the viofos  for the front and rear before watching this. Glad to see I made the right choice.
Great video, as always. I've been looking at dash cams for a while now, but I have been suffering from analysis paralysis. The only change I wish you'd have made is to have a 1080p and 4k camera from Garmin in the mix to compare a known name brand with these cameras. Still, another fantastic job.
Excellent review on a product we all should start using.
All of these are cheap, bottom-end cams, if you drive a lot and feel you NEED a dashcam you need to be looking at spending three times what the most expensive one in this test cost. While looking at cheap cams is worthwhile, these are not examples of mid to upper end cams.
Why are you yelling at me about dashcams?
i tell everyone about this channel . that you should watch before buying anything
I made a lower tech test like this about 6 years ago. I bought a few amazon specials ... ran them for a few days to figure out which was best. At the time I settled on ROVE products. I have them in 2 cars still running 6 years later. Easy to use interface real decent picture and most important ... no overheating. Back in the day overheating of the units was a big thing and powerloss operation. The ROVE had capacitors so it ran for approximately another 60 seconds upon power off and it would wake up upon impact which is a neat feature.
Would like to see reviews of dashcams in the $200-$500 range including such popular brands as  Vantrue and Blackvue
DO NOT get a camera with a built-in read cam, you do not want to give your insurance ammo by showing them what you may or may not be doing. If you want a rear cam, you want one that mounts either in the rear window or has a wireless cam that mounts in the bumper.
Thank you so much for this comparison. I'm "hunting" for a decent dashcam and found a lot of interesting videos, but your comparison is the most complete, organic, coherent and "disciplined" i've even seen.  I would like to see another one but for motorcycle cams, but i understand that's be interesting for a very niche audience (although your videos are so well made that i watch them even for stuffs i'll never need in my life 😀)  Thanks!!!
I would like to have seen with a go pro hero 8 or newer model. I use that, with 512 GB SD card.
I have the two camera version of the viofo so there's a view of the back. Still working great after 3 years.
Bought Viofo a119 V3 literally 2 days ago, I guess I made the right choice lol. Although would love to see the Viofo Mini 2 which is apparently better at night time
I have a VIOFO A119 V3 that I bought last year May and it has been working pretty good. Linus Tech Tips did a dash cam comparison about 2 years ago and the VIOFO outperformed everything so it's nice to see your comparison with the same verdict. Thanks Todd!
There is indeed a triple camera version of the viofo. I boight it for my father. It has forward, rear, and interior cameras.
Any chance you could do a comparison of dual mic voice recorders?
Linus done a similar video and in the breakdown it turns out most dash cams are made up of the same internals. His conclusion was also Viofo. Crazy thing is this is their base model.
I bought a VanTrue for $259 a several years ago on Amazon for my Ram 3500. It will beat these in these tests I think. It also has front, rear, and cab cameras. Very satisfied with the results. Thanks for reviewing these cheaper models though. Keep up the great work.
Which model of the Viofo? I’m in Canada and Amazon prices are all over the place and they advertise 2k and 4K but 4K they want over $300-400 Can.
Summerskill is a strange name to name a street😂 is that summer skill or summer's kill? 😂
Thank you for this video! I’ve been considering a dash-cam for quite a while, but never found a good unbiased review as thorough as yours to help my decision. The work you put into all your reviews is obvious and quite impressive!
I know you just made this video and Viofo got the lead spot, but they have a "better" model. The A119 mini 2 with the Starvis 2 sensor. Any chance for an update test?
Also, I gotta say - Project Farm seriously put in THE WORK for this analysis. This must have been a SERIOUSLY tedious task from start to finish and I appreciate it so much!! Very well done, sir! 🫡💕
Can you add a rank for name absurdity?
These are def budget dashcams. Would like to see a video of the more expensive ones blackvue and vantrue.
"tough to read at 30-feet" - this is AWFUL.  A LOT of traffic is more than 30-feet away - on highways, MOST traffic should be a lot more than 30-feet away.  What are these camera-folks thinking of?  "I walk on freeways to 30-ft is fine." Uh - anyone get the license for the car that ran down that highway pedestrian?  Naw...
I've had a dashcam since a wreck that totaled my jeep in 2014. Viofo with GPS & polarization lens cover was my very first one & I loved it. I ended up accidentally frying it after parking and baking it in the sun after a few years. Bought a Garmin to replace it, wasn't too happy with performance comparison but it did the trick. Ended up gifting it to a coworker for her daughter to use when she turned 16. Replaced it with a new Viofo 2 years ago & will never stray again. Video ALWAYS for the win.
Should have had the markers up to 88mph!!!!!!
Can i make a request to review security cameras. Cheers! Keep up Gods work
Very good show TK Sir 😅
Thanks for sharing
can you please talk like a normal person?
Your results match other tests showing Viofo making decent cameras, especially their newer models. I would class this under a quick test though as there are more parts to a dashcam than just the image quality.
Thank you, not only do I now know that I want a dash cam, I also know that I want to move. Your fuel prices are about half what I pay! Great video.
No 70mai?
thank you for the work you do.
I have 2 personal vehicles and a company truck. 3 Red tigers in all of them. Only had to pull video from 1 incident (thankfully I wasn’t involved) and it was perfectly clear.
I got the top camera from Azdome and it's very clear, had it 3 years
Thank you for this review I’m in the market for a dash cam but find all the marketing hard to believe and other reviewers on YouTube just don’t break it down like you. I would have liked to see additional testing done with the camera pointed through a tinted glass as well. Maybe like two different levels of tint to get an idea of how that view would look and be affected.
I think your comment about only 1080p being insufficient is not necessarily the case. We see here that the Viofo is ‘only’ 1440 yet outperforms 4k options considerably.   Seems that the processing, lens, sensor size etc is at least as important, if not more so that the ultimate resolution.
Nothing beats the quality of Project Farm tests! This time there's no motors or moving parts. And you've once again out performed.!
Removing the packing film from the camera lens will make the video much better. ;-D
WOW! Just in time.  IL was looking at cameras then it struck me, I should see if PF had done any testing and BOOM there you were. Many thanks.
Finally, a real review of dash cams! I’ve been wanting to purchase one for a while, but it’s impossible to find a simple image quality comparison between brands. Really, at the end of the day, the image quality outweighs all other features.   Thanks for another, on the nose, review!
I bought 2 viofos like 6 years ago for me and the wife’s cars. My limited research said they were the best value at the time. I know there’s a v3 but it’s hard to believe basically the same camera is still the best bang for buck half a decade later. Glad to see I made a good choice.
Linus tech tips did this too but this much more in depth so W.
That's it, I'm becoming a member right now. You've helped me get the best bang for me buck and entertained me for years now. If there's a channel I should support it's yours. 🤷🏾  Thanks man
This is the one video I was praying for
Miden came with Mexico movie filter..😂
Regardless,  a dash cam is a cheap insurance policy
I was waiting for a test on the window mount, as some are pretty poor and just don’t last very long
As it turns out a number of different brands of these use the same camera modules so in a lot of cases the lens and image processing software is what makes the difference.
The viofo @ 6:18 refused to stay powered on once I hit the record button. I bought one 5y ago. Bought another after returning the first one. Same issue. Bought a vantrue n4 and redtiger after that. All 4 same body style all 4 failed to stay powered on.
I replaced mine with trail cams
If you EVER want to buy something, and there's a Project Farm on it - oh boy that's perfect.
exactly what i needed
Very well done, thank you for sacrificing your time and money so that I can buy the best one out there !
I am running VIOFOs for about 8 years now, they just work. They also have an app, don't know why it says "no" in your chart - but maybe I have a different model with Wifi
As always - superb! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
really non that are 4g enabled? or 360? Like the wyze cam? or the secure 360?  Why all the aliexpress brands and not some real ones>  I can tell before watching they will all be shit.
Does it strike anyone the number of these made in China? Oh the tariff! 😂
I highly recommend the Transcend TS-DP550B and Anker Rove C2/C2 pro (have both C2 models). C2 series VERY hard to find, expensive when available on eBay. The power cable is butt to first plug in, MUST use a 90° cable. Does not usually display the speed stamp on external playback. But still good picture, stays on, easy ui. I use it in my old beater Volvo wagon. But I use the Transcend currently in my Honda crv. I want to buy another. Great picture, hasn't failed me, and shows speed stamp on external playback. All three dash cams have survived a minimum of 3 Oklahoma summers behind the rearview mirror.
This is a great video. I drive semi and I have found that with dash cams. It’s not so much the recording, it’s the being able to get it off the device and on to a phone easy to share.
Can you do action cameras or maybe outdoor/doorbell style cams next
Fantastic comparison! We admire your dedication to Dashcam honest reviews and would greatly value if you could give one of our latest models a try. Looking forward to your continued great content
Prob the best review I’ve seen for dash cams. Been wanting one for a while now and now I know which 1
Viofo offers other cameras that are 2ch or 3ch and with even a better sensor (4k starvis 2) than what was tested here
Your conclusion appears to be consistent with other reviewers who think the Viofo is one of the best dashcam out there.
I'd been putting off getting a dashcam because there are so many on the market and I knew most were junk. This is very helpful!
As always an excellent video and production. A video request from me: Can you test popular laptop coolers ? They are sometimes looking the same or way way different but they are kinda expensive in Turkey. Amazon best sellers would be great video idea.
Will you be doing security settings?
Not sure why you’d need to read a lighted sign. These are designed for capturing accidents not for taking Google street view pics at night.
Who comes up with these crazy product names ????😂😂😂
Oh 7Omai or something not on here?
as a school bus driver, i wish i had road-facing cameras. some districts are fancy and have all that great stuff. you'd think it would be standard, wouldn't you? well, it isn't. our interior cameras aren't exactly what you'd call up to james cameron standards, either. okay, they're potatoes.   i'd even told my supervisor i'd buy a damn dash cam or go pro and put it where it wouldn't get in the way. naturally, they said no (i would, too, it's just what a boss should say), but given how many people 'blow off my reds' i'm half-tempted to just say screw it, you can write me up if i ever offer such recordings as evidence from a camera i wasn't supposed to have.   a video like this is great because all of the conditions mentioned are ones that would be essential to record, there's not one that wouldn't be applicable when trying to nab license plates.
I like ur vids and will continue to watch them and 👍the good ones (like this one), but i do think ur voiceover sounds like ur an airplane pilot announcing somethin while sky high on crack and acid... ...at the same time..!   ...   ...  🤔...still better then most test vids on YT tho.
You guys don't have the chinese one? I think theu call it ddmai?
I have the VIOFO A229 PRO, Sony Starvis 2.  Blackview and Thinkware are also good brands. That you should consider if you do another video.  There are also a few new brands that have both a telephoto and fisheye lens. Telephoto for capturing text and fisheye for capturing that typical wide angle dashcam views.  Great approach to dashcam review, I liked the playoff like feeling of comparing each.  I was surprised the Viofo A119 v3 did so well against other brands that had a newer Sony Starvis 2 IMX senor.  I'm not sure if you used the polarized lens cap, but it looks good in daytime but hurts the quality at night. It's easily removable but it is also easily to misplace.  Fellow YouTuber VortexRadar does Dashcam reviews, definitely someone who I think can be a good collaboration partner. He also does as the name suggests Radar Detectors and Laser Jammer reviews.  Can't wait to see what's next!
Surprising how big the differences were! One thing I wish you had checked was how well they handle heat, we live in the desert and it is not uncommon for parked car interiors to hit 60C, would be nice to know if any perform better or worse in those sort of situations.  I guess if you are doing a round 2 of this testing, you could also include temperature testing as well as shock to simulate a parked car getting hit, see if it triggers the recording or not.
So glad you made this! I'd looked over other channel's reviews because you didn't have one yet, which surprised me. I learned that the reason such a vast majority of dash cams seem to have similarly poor or inconsistent quality is because most are using the same Sony sensor, from one major manufacturer, so the differences really lie in how much effort they put into the software. However, performance from the budget to premium range was not remotely consistent with pricing above the $120 range, and some $200-300 offerings were nowhere near some of the $100 ones. And, while I gained some knowledge in the process, without nearly as concise narration and editing, I just wasn't convinced that any of them were worth it. I figured there had to be something out there that wasn't complete garbage and wouldn't break the bank, but the performance of the seemingly premium options was definitely disheartening. That was a few weeks ago, so when I saw the title of this video I instantly saved it, then watched it... at 4am lol The one thing I would say that puzzled me on this one was at 9:09, when you gave the edge on sharpness to the CoolCrazy over the RedTiger! The RedTiger looked just as good or better than any of them on that shot to me. And the Hue, Contrast and Exposure were leaps over the CoolCrazy in that lighting, just like the previous shot with the distance markers, both of which looked a bit overexposed to me. But, that shot in particular probably blew me away more than any other comparison, because the previous ones had been so bad and the CoolCrazy and the few before were starting to look better but, having watched other videos without zoomed clarity comparisons and lack luster performance from pretty much all of then, I just didn't expect such a drastic difference among the top performers and such a well balanced image in that lighting. In the end, your overall rankings were spot on and with the best side by side footage on YT to back it up, in addition to the standard no frills, lean and mean narration that no one else can hold a candle to, so THANK YOU, again! Another problem solved and another S tier video for the unrivaled archive!
None of the Dashcams blow me out of the seat, but the Viofo definitely is the best of the lot. But what can you expect from a dashcam... its not a mirrorless camera like an a7 III hahaha  Thank you for testing! That has to have been a lot of work!
Thanks for night test! It very hard mode for camera.
All cheap junk
Wow all of them are not worth a penny.
i hate one's that use adhesive to mount. i want to be able to remove it with ease.
You should have included working temperature range for the cameras.
The only reviewer I fully trust. More people needs to see these
Anybody who dislikes any of his videos  may all of their electronics crash and their car not start on the day they are late for work. I watch every single week even on products I never intend on owning. I wish more channels where unbiased as these videos. Fantastic work and I really truly hope this guy makes millions off his videos and continues to post for decades to come!!
Viofo is great. But you've forgotten 70mai, which is on par.
Thanks
I love this channel so much
Although it is only 18 minutes clip, I bet you taking much much long time to finish it. Each spot at day and sunset,  Awesome review.
I have been waiting on you to do a dash cam video for years! I really do appreciate your hard work and dedication!
Liked. I will share. Thank you. Great video.
Just be a trucker and you'll get one for free!  It might also yell at you for yawning but hey, at least you can prove you weren't at fault in an accident 😅
Thank you. I already had my eyes on the VIOFO. It's on it's way.
The comments are always loaded with people saying your reviews are the best, and for good reason. Straight to the point, legitimately useful demonstrations that mimic the real world and isn’t loaded with cut away gags like we are watching Family Guy. Project Farm reviews stuff without the bull ^_^
Excellent comparison, would love to see something similar for outdoor security cameras.
Thanks, sir.  Perhaps in the future, if funding available, can compare these with even higher end models.  Thanks again
my ears hurt lol
You missed alot of the main brands thinkware, Garmin, uniden, cobra the one I can't think of starts with an N I know they are expensive but they will blow these outta the water!
Viofo used to be 70. But they randomly bumped it 114 and it has been steadily dropping. It’s at 95-100
Test the quality of men on gay dating apps. Put your skills to the limit 💅
Please do compare  " NEXAR "  Dashcams....!
Thank you sir! I have the Viofo new in box ready to use. Will install it soon.
I'm just wondering what it would have looked like passing you with all those dashcams set up😂😂😂
FVCK! $2.59 a gallon. More proof that we're getting robbed in California. 😂
Get someone to do your narrative... Your voice is annoying
Wish you could have reviewed some of the better cameras. These are obviously not some of the top cameras so the expectation level is pretty low for the price range.
The de-noising some of these cameras offer is trash. You can see that with the CoolCrazy vs RedTiger comparison at 11:37. The de-noiser created starwars font out of that sign, while on the other camera, whilst grainy, the sign is perfectly readable.  Also the trees in the background look like they're melting on the CoolCrazy.  I'll take a grainy image over the ultra-processed trash any day as there is a possibility to try to recover the licence plate number from a grainy image.
You missed the BEST dash cam to test...Vantrue N4 Pro!!!!
Just goes to show that resolution isn’t everything
Dang...2.69 unleaded...half the average price around here thanks to Emperor Newsoms' Kaliforniacide...
Wife and I watched this together and had a good laugh at the “99c better” light box joke 😂. Also would like to see more mainstream brands like Cobra 🐍
I'm searching for a cheap but decent action cam for my rides with bycicle and motorcycle, can you do a video about it?
Dash cam user here. There is another very important parameter. How easy to remove and hide the camera. My was stolen one day. So I like those cams with some kind of quick release. It is better if they have power in the mount like redtiger does. Magnetic mounts are great too. Another thing to consider is the battery. They wear very quickly so camera can corrupt last clip. Some of those dash cams using super capacitors instead of batteries. It is better because those are not wearing.
I have used Viofo A119V3 since 2020 about. Only words of praise. With short beam on, I can read license plates at 100km/h, of cars passing by (at 100km/h). Day or night
Video Idea- Generators, with Solar or other attachments, or portable power units
Note about the image quality if anyone's having trouble reading some of the shots: a couple cams that were said to be readable were not readable at all for me, but I bet that's due to YouTube's video compression. For instance, at 4:27 I absolutely cannot read the COOLCRAZY at 25 feet, and it's due to the kind of smearing that could be caused by video compression.  I've seen this happen before with videogame image quality comparisons on YouTube- sometimes the presenter points out a clear and visible artifact, other times it's the sort of artifacting that video compression turns into a general smear.
There are some name brands I thought you'd include
Video Idea- Window mounted/vent mounted/drink holder mounted phone holders for big phones.  I know this seems niche, but as phones become bigger I'm at a loss for what to get or even consider
A review on CarPlay screens would be great!
Why do sound like  your hosting a horse race lol, , slow down  lol
I wish you tested a real brand like one of the Garmin’s.
Why didn’t you do a GoPro? It’s not the best especially for like the dash cam
G’day, now you can take a breath…very informative..thanks.
I keep following Project Farm for years now, never seems to disappoint. Keep up the good work!
as a viafo owner I am glad to see your testing matched my research, however there is still a long way to go with dash cameras and thats easy to see when "Better than average" score is achieved by being "barely readable". Its been my experience that dashcams innovate/improve much slower than other camera markets which is frustrating because my camera has already saved me 10's of thousands of dollars so I would immediately pay a premium price if the quality was there.
*now waiting for the CHINA to copy that viofo 1:1 and reduce the price -70%*
Very helpful as always, many thanks.
thanks, clear video, no bullshit, quick and easy.
I have tried alot of dash cams and action cameras.. I wish PF came out with this when I bought my cameras.. I can contest to VIOFO.  It's small but works really well..
Hands down the most useful and comprehensive DashCam comparison on YT! Thank you Todd!
If you had just asked I would have suggested the VIOFO, It uses a good Sony sensor, resolution isn't the issue. Did you use a circularly polarised filter with any of the dashcams? They can help with reflections and sunlight dazzle 🙂
I found this very informative and very helpful. Especially those looking for budget cameras. But I'd like to suggest making a second and possibly a third video covering cameras from 100 to $200 and then cameras from $200.00 on up. Some of them will have good back cameras which I think should be looked at as well. Reason being is see if any out there a waterproof rear cameras. Perfect example if you own a pickup truck, a camera inside is not going to be the best at getting something as you've got the whole tailgate in your way or worse if you have your bed full of stuff in it so you might want a camera that mounts to the rear of the vehicle. I hope this is helpful.
I'd love to see a video about automatic wire strippers. They're either great or garbage I've bought quite a few and just threw them away because they don't work or just cut the wire
Thanks for the research and info. I just purchased the viofo A119 v3 from Amazon per your advice.
It seems as though none of these dash cam can capture plates at 40ft beyond.
The way of rating the performance is rather confusing when less is more. I expect a ranking where 1 = poor and 5 = excellent, not the other way round. Then in the comparison and ranking table @17:35 this system is further broken when ranking goes all the way to 11.  If you need such granulity, set it to 10 or 11 or 100 right from the start.
Awesome review as always Todd. Real world testing! How about part 2 where you look at the better models from the leading companies?  I’ve been researching dash cams for months and besides Viofo and Red Tiger I’ve never heard of these companies. Blackvue, Thinkware, Vantrue, Garmin,  FitcamX in addition to Viofo are leading dashcam companies who offer higher end units with Sony’s Starvis2 sensor for better nighttime performance - these are the ones I wish you would evaluate not low-end no-name Chinese Amazon brands.  When the camera cost several hundred dollars and you can’t afford a purchase mistake is where you need honest comparisons From someplace like Project Farm. Thank you for what you do!
Fantastic reviews, per your usual. Would love to see more expensive models next, including from industry-leaders like Blackvue, Vantrue and Garmin.
Total waste of time 🤮
I'd love to see a comparison on the parking mode features, including energy usage, not that those results would sway me from the VIOFO, but it would be interesting to see how long they would last and what if any battery protection they offer.
Wish he tested some more expensive ones. Blackvue/thinkware/escort
I’m sure that oncoming driver was thinking “don’t hit that car, he has all the dash cams”
The Viofo has dropped to $95 and has been on sale for as low as $80 from what i can find.
Love that you covered these, but I think you should have covered some other things such as the viewing angles. I also would have appreciated a review of the rear cameras. The 1080p cameras may have surprised you. Heck the 2k camera beat all of the 4k ones. Ya never know 😊
I bought the Viofo years ago, happy it still is the best.
I have a dual viofo for past 3 yrs superb  dashcam.
Oh yeahhhhh
Very complete video... have you ever considered using an AI voice?
Ritalin
No Garmin???
Yeah, the USB gives it away…old tech!  1:41
I had the Viofo v3 119 for like 3 years now, it destroyed one High Endurance 64GB sandisk SD card and after an incident i noticed that my camera wasnt saving data properly, Basicly skipping video and unusable videos. i did pop a new SD card in and reset it to factory in hopes it fixes the recording issue maybe due to a bad setting... i just set it up in the parking lot after i started to get the annoying beep of death to the SD card... havent looked at it sense so idk if its fixed... i hope viofo comes out with a version to allow wifi downloading and viewing...(Edited: in this price range) TBH i want a Cellular connection that uploads to the cloud.
On the street sign test were these all done on the same day? Some look darker then others.
I thought the testing criteria on this one was good, but I was looking to see how some of the newer high end cameras would fare in this video, but was disappointed by the price point being cut relatively low (in comparison to some of your tool reviews where you review some very high  end tools). I know these videos get crazy expensive and I appreciate your work though so I understand your limitations. maybe I'll bite the bullet in a couple months and do a review of some of the higher end cameras.
Splendid! 😊
Doesnt matter, but redtiger and wolfbox are the same company.  Different lines, and marketing seems like competition. But they are the same. Idk why
YES! Right as im looking for a dashcam.. @projectfarm comes thru again!
Yeh, I've been looking, and the Vofo is on my short list.
🤘🤘🤘
Great presentation Project Farm,will certainly consider your top 3 evaluations! Maranatha, Greetings from Tampa Florida 😎
I'm waiting for the top models of popular brands
I added the Viofo to my wifes XC90  last year and found a power adapter on amazon that uses the power from the mirror/rain sensor/ radar electronics behind the windshield. It makes for a  very clean install without that long cord and cigarette lighter plug. Great little camera!
Good comparison, but I would like another video on better dash cams.  This video looks like it was the low price $0 to $120 range.    How about a video on higher cost $120 upward?
Dang.  I just started installing my $250 FitCamX 4K front 1080p rear today.  I had a break in the weather so I got my lines ran in preparation for installing the cams.  I’ll have to see how it compares.
Thanks for yet another great video, Todd. Though I can't help but feel that your loyal viewers living in Australia and Oceania are getting left out video after video. I'd absolutely love to see an Australian brand thrown into the mix in an upcoming video!
That Miden gives me a lot of GTA:SA vibes
very well done video I love how u get straight to the point. just wish ur voice wasn't so annoying n squeaky but with 3.4M subs clearly somebody likes when u speak
Red Tiger on the left, Coolcrazy on the right, Viofo on the left, Wolfbox on the right, pulling up to an intersection facing the sunset... I feel like i'm gambling at the horses listening to this. 10/10
Nice one thanks very much how about we look at led headlights next time the h4 being the most popular
How about doing a review on staple guns.
The best dashcams are BlackVue if you can afford them they I have had these on all my cars 4K with cloud ☁️ memory and distance isn’t a problem on these.
I'm sorry but in my opinion all dash cams showed in this video all look terrible. I am willing to spend 500 USD on a dashcam, can anyone recommend one with insane clarity and without gps/wifi. -Thanks
Can not imagine what people thought. When they saw you driving by with all these cameras
I have Vantrue. Viofo was the only one tested in this video that I recognize.
Your best bet is to just use a GoPro and set the footage to constantly loop.
Verified my purchase; I bought a  REDTIGER  back in Jan and it's been doing great so far.
Thank you for your work.
Fantastic video.
Feeling smug i brought the Viofo! 😊
Makes me regret the Thinkware U3000...
Why did I get unsubscribed? Please let your viewers know to check their subscription. Youtube is doing something weird.
Very impressive video sir nice. ❤❤  Sir please make a video on which brand is table saw is better and which brand is new advanced pliers is best thanks thanks sir for sharing this video sir ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤.
Could you get a new voice please? It sounds like you are talking with a watermelon in your mouth and a strawberry down your throat!
Wish u did this video a couple years ago when i was looking for dash cam reviews but its ok i ended up getting a redtiger for my truck and wolfbox for my car both pretty good but tbh theres no dash cams out there that are that good for license plates after 30+ feet or if they have those plate covers (some of them work some of them dont) or at night your rear cam will just see headlights. They are really just good for proving who hit who but not so great for hit and runs or anything like that.
Those dash cams are not the only one struggling to read the gas prices.
Any chance you could compare it to the 70mai Omni 4k? It came out less than a week ago. Starvis 2.
excellent comparison video, a review of battery powered chem sprayers and leaf vacuums would be another great video for the future.
I am looking for a cam, this review was very helpfull. Side note, I work at a Price Chopper but on the east coast which is not the same company.....😂😂😂
good to see Viofo as yr top result aligns w Linus Tech!
I would love to see you driving around Peculiar MO with a dozen forward facing cameras. Got to get some funny looks
4:18 no it doesn’t
I’ve had my viofo since 2016 and I’m surprised there is still nothing better at its price point after nearly a decade
I’ve been using Viofo for years and you just confirmed what I already knew. Damn good little cameras for the money.
Have you done a video in Mirror Dash cams yet?  It would be nice to see an unbiased review. So far, most of them are sponsored or have an affiliate link.
Outstanding as aLways , Mr. Farm ! Been considering one of these given aLL the no-drivin' TDS brain damage out there . Thanx for your work !
this is by far the best review channel. so glad i found you! no BS just straight to the point.
Ashley Neal will be pleased with this result!
I guess Nanny Cams and Doorbell Cams are the next logical comparison subjects to do.
0:07 yes it is
Just a thought = you were born with two excellent 'camera's and a peta-flop GPU -- use them for free
What an amazing amount of real, usable information on this channel 👍👍👍 I just wish the guy would speak a bit slower so his voice didn't pitch so much.. My ears are crying after 10 seconds if I don't turn the volume down to a whisper..  I´m sorry if this sounds a bit rude, I´m just suggesting speaking a bit slower 🙏
what software does he make thse charts with?
Brilliant test designs 😀
Excellent. This info was exactly what I was looking for. Please don't ever take sponsorships, you are one of the very few reviewers that I can trust. Your 3.7mil subs should be quadrupled for the value you give.
Was just looking for a dash cam.
Horrible voice.
Sad thing is if they put a bit better data filtration on most of these they would be pretty fire, but computing power costs money and electricity.
Even the $30 are still good enough to tell who crash into who though
This is one topic I know about from driving Uber. Dashcams stay on your windshield under harsh elements of cold and heat. This is something that cannot be tested because it requires time. Vantrue is by far the best Dashcam I have used and it never let me down when I needed it. You get what you pay for. Stay away from cheap Dashcams they do not last under harsh conditions. Another brand I have had luck with that is affordable is COOAU brand. Trust me you buy a cheap dash cam under 100 bucks you will regret it.
Too fast 😢
Been holding off on purchasing my fourth dash cam, all previous ones haven't lasted long or are just not at all close to what is advertised. Thrilled you reviewed these!
I wonder why you haven't considered 70mai in this review. They have several models.
For me i will not go lower than 1080P and 60fps at least. 60fps makes a big difference when moving. But there are also other factors like tint, lighting etc.
China needs to come up with new names for these things
What about of highly overpriced Garmins?
This voice is driving me crazy. Can't watch.
I  was sad  not  to  see  my  dashcam  of preference reviewed  here,  but license plates are  standard sized here  in  the US,  so  I  imagine  I  can  rectify that myself.  I  think  you  did  better  than Linus  Tech Tips on  this  one for  sure.
Would have been really awesome if you had a Blackvue camera in the mix too
The Viofo V3 was great in this comparison, but the newer model Viofo A119 mini 2 has even better specs and is only about $30 more on Amazon
8:13 I love you just casually roasted the Miden hahaha
Man! Your videos are always the best! Always best detailed and well informative! Thank you sooooo much for all your videos! I’ll be buying a Viofo camera. 👍👏👏👏
The Pruveeo is the only one to capture the UFO at 16:50!
I just like the dudes enthusiasm and delievery.
I've been using several dashcams and Viofo is pretty much the best there is at that price range. Will have to upgrade to their 4k model next and move the 1440p one to be a rear cam.
So awesome, I was just looking at dash cams and someone mentioned that wolf brand. So glad that I didn’t go with their recommendation.
Great, very informative test. Thanks!
REDTIGER customer service is HORRIBLE! Your cam is likely to die at the 12-18 month mark (so you will have paid $10 a month for it), and the CS response will be an insulting $15 coupon.
You could shorten the video, or drop even more brands into it, if you cut out the 'And' and the full stop between sentences.      Just kidding.
I can confirm this test being that viofo is a great camera. We run them in all our work vehicles and with a polarised lens added they never fail to capture clear images
Made in China over and over again.  I miss the days when other countries made some manufacturing too.
Yo bro you should do some..  best car air fresheners
Thanks for such a concise review of all these cameras and their features!
I chose the Wolfbox x5 over the VIOFO because I always have a hard time with the phone application . The wolf box quality is great but the app is amazing compared to VIOFO
*That's a rather large DeLorean!*
Thank you
As always, thank you!!
Thanks for this elaborate review. Brilliant! Also was it intentional to soind like Elmo? 🤭 Entertaining nonetheless & informative
This guy obviously does meth holy f
Pick a voice tone and stck with it please. Super high pitch is brutal
I bought a Viofo 6 months ago for my mom's car after watching a LTT video about dashcams. This video makes me even more confident in my Viofo dashcams. I will buy another one if any of mine dies.  General rule of dashcam is, you mostly get what you paid for -- $114 for a single-camera is expensive but at least it'll work great for the next few years, worth every penny imo.
I wouldn't buy any one of those cameras. Complete trash.
Nice video as always, please consider nitrous wet system for 8 cylinders Nos, sniper, nitrous outlet, nitrous express, zex. Then please try Urrea tools 🛠️ Mexican made very strong tools
VIOFO has been on top for years now.
It’s going on 3am and I’m watching thinking I could just speed ahead to see the best but am too curious to miss each side by side comparison lol so watched all the way through. You’re welcome.
I can't believe that in this day and time those dash cams have such crappy video quality. Unacceptable.
I had the viofo A129 pro during an accident a while back, there was no useful video after the fact, no clip to be found. I’d recommend you test how consistently they capture footage after a strong impact, both loosing power shortly after impact and without loosing power. I turned my car off about 6 secs after impact, depending on the accident, turning the car off would be a necessity for safety. I’m assuming most people don’t have the camera running on a separate battery.
I remember Linus doing a similar video, his conclusion was they were all basically the same.
LTT did a video on dash cams, and it turns out there is only a few manufactures and alot of rebranding going on, which is why there seems to be steps to the quality. Lots of them use the same camera, just a different housing. Clearly the Viofo even though it isn't 4k is a much better camera than the ones claiming 4k. Which is why finding a GOOD dash cam is hard, because you need what a product page can't provide, actual evidence of performance.
Theres a lot more brands of Dash Cams out there.  Maybe in the future you do another dash cam video. Thanks for the upload.
Great Review As always
I have the rove r2 dual channel and love it. The only downfall is the suction cup pulls the tint from my windshield.
Should have included Garmin.
I was just thinking to buy dash cam
Thanks for this Todd.  As always - exceptional!    I have been playing with some sort of crappy ones that I've gotten from Ali Express in the $10 to $20 range. I never expect much.  I order them mostly to denounce them in ratings based on over inflated video quality and other parameters and then once refunded, I take them apart to see what's in there.    A big one used to be that if it has a Mini USB socket, well then, it's going to be pathetic, that USB standard by todays standards is pretty archaic.  Not always though these days.  I then went on a body cam thing and out of maybe fifteen that I got, I think four of them were half way decent but needing a power bank to make reasonable recordings.  Resolution seems to always be over inflated.  They upscale low resolutions in bigger packages to say it's 1080 or what have you but video qualities are always a question mark.  2K - Yea, right.  LOL    It looks like a few of those cameras you reviewed look pretty good.  The other thing is Infra Red in night vision scenarios.  Many wavelengths don't transmit well through glass but a few do.  A test there would be to use a phone camera (which usually picks that up) viewing from the outside of the windshield to the camera inside, you'd see white dots from the IR LEDs.  On the other hand, some sensors are really great in low light conditions and may offer good images without IR.  It's interesting stuff for sure.  You did some Very interesting tests!    Again.  Thank you.
Id like to see an expanded test including Gamin and other big names to see if the price is worth the money.
THIS!  This is what I've ALL been waiting for!!
The Viofo has been updated since then. I just got a A119 which is rated at 2k. So far it works fantastic. My wife’s car has an A229 which is 4k and has a rear camera but was much more expensive. It also performs very well, though I have to admit I’m not a fan of the Viofo app.
Thank you for doing this test.
Suggestion: Video editing software.  And we get to see some of your workflow in the process!
and SJCAM come on!
How to these compare to the Korean brands line Thinkware and Blackvue?
Please include 70mai in your next test.
I wish he would test heat resistance. Many dashcams don't survive in the southern states.
Been using Viofo for years, best value camera on the market . With permanent power  in parking mode its motion detection works just like a  security camera .
Recently my rove dash cam started acting up. When it's cold the screen turns gray including the recording but when it's warm everything works fine. Was thinking about getting the update rove but after watching this I'm definitely getting 2 of the viofo. Thanks alot
Brother.  Always enjoy your Reviews
Viofo having a great day
all these cameras look like ya left the plastic stickers on the lens. They are all awful! Aren't there any better ones? I'm not sure I'd buy any of them. or did you not change the recording settings or something. They don't even look like 1080.I've used the rove before and my video is much better then what I'm seeing...  i would of liked to see crash testing to see if camera activates when a shopping cart bumps into car or people near the car or a real accident if it auto saves and locks footage....  How much battery backup the cam has, if any.  how much battery draw it has. so for like an average battery. How long can the car sit parked at home before it will kill the battery or drain it too much and potentially damage it. will it shut itself off if it drains too much battery?  How come we didn't do any more expensive cams? Nextbase 622GW Garmin Dash Cam 67W Thinkware U1000 Viofo A229 Pro Garmin Mini 3 Cobra SC 400D 70mai A810 Rexing V1 Miofive S1 Vantrue S1 Pro  Vantrue E360 Vantrue N4 3
I’ve heard good things about the venture brand.
I have two VIOFO for couple years.     best value .
I have great respect for your work and your scientific method. But you should have consulted a videographer or photographer before designing these tests.
I'm probably going to buy the RedTiger I use their range finder every week at least 2 times a week on the golf course I can't complain yet about it so I bet their dash came will the same
Can you do needle files? There's many versions of the same style set. Hard to tell which gives a good level semi-finish on polystyrene plastic. Particularly the flat.
I have the Viofo A119 camera, but haven't had a chance to install it yet. Happy to see your testing shows it to be a top camera for the price. Viofo offers several cameras including rear-facing cameras. I would have bought one of those, but it was much more expensive and my vehicle has a heavily tinted rear window so I wasn't sure it would be worth it.  Maybe a future upgrade to a new camera...
Thank you for your awesome videos. I have a question on the dash cams. Were any of these tested powered by a capacitor instead of rechargeable battery?  I have found the capacitor models are much better in hot conditions when using them in a parked vehicle with the engine and A/C off and windows rolled up. Thanks again !
Check the Xiaomi 70 Mai it's far better the cheaper than the viafo im telling you because I had both of them
I'd really like to see a second video comparing the winner to higher end cameras like Blackvue before I purchase a new camera, thanks!
What Comiefornians are amazed at is not any of the dash cam but the $2.69/gal gasoline. They are still buying gas at $5/gal.
Excellent video! Titans for the information. I purchased the v300 the end of last year. It performs okay. I was looking for a better camera, and your video has definitely helped! Thanks
The annoying thing about dash cameras is the technology to read licence plates exists, but virtually zero manufacturers for everyday consumers make telefocal lenses. They make them for police license plate readers and consumer only get wide angle lenses.
Need some else to narrate. The voice is hard to listen to and speaks to fast .
Also, need to have the night time license plate reading during movement, same direction and opposite direction. That is the ultimate test.
So what enables a clearer image/video is the bit rate, the frames per second, and most importantly the Hz. Resolution doesn't really matter you can get great results if all the the numbers for the above technologies I mentioned were high with 1080p you could get a beautiful picture, of course 4K is desirable.
High end Wolfbox 2 channel on its own fuse. Plugging into a cigarette lighter is stupid. Cutting into factory wiring is incredibly stupid. Toyota, Ford make factory replacements for rear view mirrors on some models. In the end, it’s all chinesium junk.
I use the AZDOME (3 channel) and im very happy with it. I'm not sure why you didn't include it in this video as it's also in this price range
The a119 v3 is a decade old camera, goes to show how well it holds up vs other budget options.  you should try the a229 starvis 2 sensor cams, they are pretty great in HDR mode at night
I've had the same viafo cam since 2014 and it is still working flawlessly.
In Russia dashcams are a must due to corruption, so this area is very well explored. And viofo has long been considered to be the best choice in the medium price range.  Too bad we didn't have any Xiaomi product here, they have a lot of different dash cams and some are very decent. Comparing to high end dashcams would be interesting as well.
Interested to see what you think of Garmin dash cams in the next round of testing as they have telemetry and gps based vehicle speeds.
I literally started shopping for a new webcam on Tuesday... Get out of my head.   Okay, tell me which one I need to buy. :-P Honestly, I trust you more than any other review channel.
I've been waiting for a good review like this
Wish you would’ve included some premium options (Blackvue, Garmin, Thinkware, etc) but good nonetheless, thanks!
I literally just bought a dashcam on blind faith after I cussed that you don't have a video on it 😭
I have a Viofo A119 dual camera setup and it’s been going well since 2019. Highly recommend to get a dual camera with a capacitor instead of a battery.
Wish you would have added box store cameras. Your missing the most popular brands. Cobra, garmin, nextbase, rexing, ect
Thank you for the video. This looked like a tremendous amount of work went into putting this together. People would have difficulty finding a channel that provides more helpful consumer information. When my family looks into a purchase, we always check to see if you have reviewed that type of product. I am sure you have saved us a lot of money and frustration. The latest was your jump-starter video, which helped a lot! We have noticed an increase in poor and aggressive driving in our area and have discussed putting dash cams in our vehicles. This video comes at the right time for us. In my opinion, every view should be a LIKE, and people must be stupid not to SUBSCRIBE!
When I looked into dash cams, the problem I had was the ones that have good recording quality don’t have good response time to bumps when in parking mode.  They didn’t start recording or save the clip early enough to catch what made the bump.  I’d be interested to know if the winners in of these tests do any good with that.
Thanks!
I bought a viofo about 10 years ago. It still works.. but it doesn't rewrite the card. Maybe don't live in Arizona and have the sun bake the front windshield :D The fact that it's still working, even if it's a bit wonky, is impressive.
did you remove front plastic cover on camera?
Suggestion: test air compressor hose fittings. The push-to-connect kind.
please review insta360 ace pro 2 action camera has a built in dash cam mode. I think it’s best dash cam if you want best there is.
No issues with my Viofo 119 v3 since 2022! Highly recommended 👍
I'm surprised you didn't test the fitcamx or any of the higher end brands like Blackvue, Thinkware, StreetGuardian, etc. Maybe an idea for a followup video?
Small selection compared
Thanks, very comprehensive test and results.
Fantastic and helpful video as always! Having coffee from my Project Farm mug!
What an odd lineup, I don't recognize any of them. Also clicked to see the Vantrue evaluated, not present.
Outstanding.  I've been looking at dash cams half seriously for a couple years.  You made the decision easy - at half the length of most vids I've watched. Bravo.
Once again THE GOLD STANDARD IN TESTING.  But where's uncle Eddie?  LOL  Great video, great information.  Now go back to that gas station, I think you left uncle Eddie there, remember he wanted some popcorn.
The Vantrue N4 Pro is good job because it has 4K, HDR, and PlatePix. It can also use CPL too.
My old viofo  a119s is powered by a super capacitor. Why i got it. You just cant beat them for value and quality. And this great video just confirms it.
I have the VIOFO a129 DUO and it’s served me very well, no issues at all. Wanted to make sure I was covered in case of an accident since I drive a rarer car. 10/10
Thanks for another great comparison
Viofo has been great for me the past couple of years, plus it auto overwrites so you don't have to spend time deleting old clips
Appreciate the amount of work you put into each and every video. Great stuff.
thanks again, great info, well presented.
I bought the Viofo A119 years ago based off dashcame video LTT put out. Would like to see another video to see how the Viofo compares to more premium brands (BlackVue, Vantrue, Garmin).
You forgot Nexar
Pls review the ones that act like a rear view mirror
Good series of tests, thank you.
Wonder how the 70mai cams would stack up against these
so annoying, i bought "no brand" camera on aliexpress, it said it was wide angle, come to find out it was just a software filter that gave it a fisheye distorted image...
Great review, straight to the point and informative. This is exactly why youtube should exist.  I have a Viofo 4K A139pro, never faulted. Best brand out there.
I love this, and a second video comparing more high end ones, and even a cellphone option running something like DroidCam, for those who have an older but still useful cellphone laying around.  Like Viofo vs Garmin, Vantrue, BlackVue, Cobra, Samsung Galaxy S2X, and GoPro  Thanks for your hard work!
Are these all TEMU brands? I've seen better units for sale here in New Zealand. They might cost a bit more but the stuff you're showing looks like dollar store specials. All that said, you do a great job wading through tools etc of all sorts.
Garmin has a few dash cams
Anyone know anything about garmin or rexing dash cams?
Please do brake clean
If you do home security cameras, I can help with some parameters, gear selection, and things to look for from my experiences, from pro to personal.
Need a new video on high end dash cam with auto record hard wire. Blackvue i heard is good.
The Viofo A119 and A129 are the standard for budget dash cams. I've put one of those in every car I have. Most of the cheaper ones you tested all have the same sensor with slightly different firmware.
Yoooo pf you gotta test TOILET PAPER brands dude!
Viofo comes in a two camera variant as well
As usual, thank you for your time & effort. This is very revealing & helpful.
How about a part 2 in which you test dashcams that aren't from OEM Chinees companies? I won't buy OEM Chinees.
👍 Nice job, thanks.
It's pretty interesting how many of the lower quality cameras have a crazy strong sharpening filters to make them look higher resolution than they are. I'd be interested to see how many of these are actually using the same image sensor module just with different firmware settings.
2.69 for gas? Very impressive!
Awesome comparison Todd. Thanks.
My goodness, this  must have been an editing nightmare!  Great video.
I feel like a jumper cable test video would be great, I'm looking for a good set for my truck but unsure of what to get
Always a great job
The most shocking thing about this video is the $2.69 for unleaded! Where is this? Also, GREAT VIDEO BREAKDOWN. But seriously, where is this gas price?!
It's a shame you only included chinese-made dashcams. Some of us don't want to buy goods from a facist dictatorship..
This test was one of the first let downs on the channel,, vifo was like the only one worth watching,, why not test venture,, just skip the the 20 and 40 dollar ones from china ,, we all know the suck, save that money and compare the cameras that rival the vifo
Glad to see redtiger doings p Good because u just install it in my car and so far so good
Cheers PF.
is it better to get 4k 30fps or 2k 60fps? ive heard people saying 2k 60fps is easier to read signs/plates of moving stuff compared to 4k/30 🤔
Your car must've looked crazy with a row of dashcams on the windshield!! Love your videos!
I would really like the Vantrue lineup (N4, N4pro, N5)  to be included. I have a few and they are awesoem so far, but I would like to see them up against your othwers tested. They are much higher priced though.
You always have the best videos! A few years back, I bought several dash cameras off Wish, still have three or four that I haven’t even installed yet. Lol I like the Wolfbox personally since it offers decent front camera quality, but has two more cameras.
I just use an old smartphone with an app.  has great capture quality even at night.
May I add for a test if you possibly do a second part to dashcams: how temperature effects the cams. I have used several dashcams and there are time where it takes awhile to boot and some break or malfunctions at high heat.
WOW....Its one thing how amazing your reviews are in your domain of your workshop and all the testing tools and contraptions you setup for testing....But video and light quality is a different animal in many ways...But, you managed to shine!  I have watched numerous other reviews, and yes, night time reading of license plates might be #1 priority, and signs have a relation to it.
Thanks!
Cool video
I saw the I-49 sign and figured you were nearby.  I found these roads in Peculiar, MO.  Not so close to me after all (in Northwest AR).
I’ve been using my GoPro Session 5 since 2018 and it’s logged over 750,000 miles. It’s not as convenient as these for playback but it’s been reliable and looks great. They released software for loop recording.
VIOFO has a few different camera options, including 2 and 3 camera options. I've been using one for a couple years now and I like it, it's low profile and out of the way when driving
Thank you 👍🏻
Can you compare the winners to "High End" ones like Thinkware and Blackvue?
In higher priced dash cams, I have done my own research and also bought this camera that in my opinion is one of the top. It is the Viofo A229 Plus 2ch. They do have single and 3 ch of their newest version. People should consider them and or just check it out. My two cents
Your tool videos are always fantastic but videos like these of more "mainstream consumer products" set you so much further ahead of anyone else.  Been watching you for years and hope to keep watching for even more years.
Decent wrap up of the cameras, but dude, just talk. You sound like you're shouting the whole time.
If you want a rear camera, you can get the Viofo A129 Plus Duo for an extra $65-ish (based on Viofo's website's non-sale price. Prices at other stores like Amazon may vary). It has a slightly newer version of the same image sensor with similar image quality to the A119 v3, but also includes a rear camera. It's still 1080p, but their cheapest option with 1440p or higher rear resolution is $250 USD (the A229 Plus 2CH)  Also, though I haven't used mine much yet (I bought it a bit over a year ago, but only installed it a couple weeks ago), I really like my A229 Duo
The ratings in the video also don't match the numbers in the spreadsheet. Really big goof up here.
Was disappointed to not see some of the more popular brands here. But the test were stellar as always! Thank you
Great video and comparison of the dash cams.  This video is very helpful to me in choosing a dash cam.
This is yet another example of "you get what you pay for"
Why is your hand bigger than your head?😂
What about vanture?
Video idea. Did you ever test USB cables? It would be nice to see which USB 2.0 cable is best for max distance of 15ft/5m. USB 2.0 spec is max 5m. Test for audio and video performance, no dropped frames in video or clicks and pops in audio. thanks
Viofo did great, but there is still an updated version of Viofo with the Starvis 2 sensor that is even better at 4k resolution than the one compared here.
I was hoping he would test interior cameras. Uber and Lyft drivers definitely need them.
Your dedication to your videos and channel is unbelievable. Keep up the amazing work that you do!!! Been on the fence for a while as to which to get, thank you for making it easy!
maiden .A horror movie
Linus tech tips did a review on dash cams that was interesting. His went more into the production side which was cool to learn about, but I think you did a really great job on comparing image quality 👍
Thank ya, I was so happy to see which dash cams are better than the others.  Thank ya for covering the broad testing.  I like the Coolcrazy the best, for the quality / price. I know what dash cam I will be buying the next time.
What can you say about Fitcamx dash cam?
The DeLorean has put on a bit of weight. A strict diet of low octane may be in order. ;)
Linus Tech Tips did a dashcam comparison as well and recommended the VIOFO. I've had mine for about a year now and can attest to its reliability and quality.
It looks like some of these have an A/V input for the rear camera. Curious if it's using composite video for the input. I'd have a few video experiments for these if I can find one.
are you removing the lens protector on these cameras? looks like you maybe left it on?
Sounded like a video from QVC. Had to mute and watch with CC.
YES! I need to buy a new one thank you
Your ratings scale at the top of the spreadsheet shows a 1-5 scale, but the cameras ratings go 1-11... Also you marked the CoolCtazy way lower than what the video actually showed it to be.
Great job testing! I know these sorts of comparisons are a ton of work. :) I love that you took the time to test some of the junky noname cams too, lol. What are your thoughts on comparing dashcams with and without HDR? It definitely makes a difference day and night.   It doesn't surprise me to see the Viofo doing well since they really seem to prioritize video quality. I'm sure you're well aware of this, but many of those claimed 4K dashcams are not really 4K.. which is why they can get outperformed by some "lower res" cameras. Speaking of which, the E-Yeeger doesn't have an IMX678. That's a high end 4K sensor. I completely understand the difficulty with trying to ID that stuff since manufacturers often try and obscure that, especially when they're not using good sensors. The Rove R2-4K uses an IMX675, for example, a 2K Starvis 2 sensor.  If you'd ever like to do more dashcam testing and videos, feel free to reach out! :)
Just a reminder all, read out a license plate to have an audio recording of it in case it doesn't show up, even with the Viofo!   Almost never are license plates that close.   (Have had a couple of that tested model for years now, per Reddit r/Dashcams sub comparisons.)
hahaha miden cam has a 'mexico' filter
Been using A119 dashcams for years! As soon as I saw it in your list I knew it was going to win. Great job testing all of them though, those are some excellent lighting situations to separate the men from the boys.
I have the Viofo A119 mini V2 which has the latest STARVIS 2 sensor which is even better the A119 V3. I'd love to see a comparison of the Viofo A119 V3 and A119 mini V2 vs some of the more expensive 4k dashcams like the Thinkware or the Blackvue to see how much better or if it's even worth the massive extra cost.
This is fist unbiased review I have seen. Thank you.
Any chance on doing reviews of the best portable air conditioner since we are coming up on warmer weather
I have the Red Tiger dam cam and love it, the only thing I found a problem with was the video format the cam uses. I had to download the Codex to be able to play any video recorded on a PC or share that video.
Not sure if it’s been suggested before but best strap wrenches? I work in an industry where our pipes can’t have wrench marks so we have to use strap wrenches and I’d love to see which ones hold up the best with extreme temperatures on PVC coated rigid conduit!
Strange. You didn't test the popular Korean brands like Blackvue and Thinkware?
sweet jesus ... i hope to never hear your voice ever again. what the hell???
This is what i was looking for and boom you covered it. ❤🎉😊
Eye exam nostalgia
Those gas prices though. So low!
VIOFO seems to have a bigger sensor than other brands. That's why it is so much better.
Tesla's come with 5 cameras.
I wish you would have covered higher-end cameras.
Can you do an episode on AIR PURIFIERS please?
I've used Viofo for years. Because I live in the desert with super high temps, the capacitor battery system in the Viofo holds up well, is unaffected by exposure to very, very high temps.
I was going to buy one and found that with some you can't rewind and show to a cop at the scene of an accident.  They must be  uploaded on a computer first.  Also. There are many in the $ 200.00 range. Do you think you may test the more expensive ones in the future? Ones that are made for rideshare drivers with 3 cameras. One for front,  rear, and inside the vehicle.  Thanks,  love your hard work!
The Viofo a199 2k v3 GPS is on sale on Amazon for 62 dollars right now
Damn these are cheap, would love to see a review of the higher end dashcams. Imo you shouldnt cheap out on a dashcam, cant afford for it to fail on you when you need it most. I got excited was hoping to see how well my vantrue holds up
The best solution that worked for me is to use a gopro as a dash cam
I've had a Rexing V1 for 3 years now and its been impeccable. I would have liked to have seen it compared here as it is a very popular camera on Amazon.
My heart rate went up to 130 at the end. Slow doooooooooooooown! 😅
Awesome topic on this one 💯 I’ve been in the market for a new one
Night time quality is super important for me since I work until the darker hours and drive home in the dark every day. Definitely would choose the Viofo
While at first Americans were laughing at Chinese and Russian drivers installing dashcams saying those people don't know how to drive, most people nowadays recognize how important it is to have a dashcam. One footage proving innocence is going to save thousands
🤡Dashcams for horrible drivers, makes sense I guess
I'm disappointed that most of the brands here were just cheap Chinese off-brand units.  At least review the units from /r/dashcams to get a sample of what's actually mainstream.
If you decide to revisit this, I think a valuable test would be to test their heat resistance.  I had a cobra dash cam that overheated and died on a hot day.  I got a replacement, and on another hot day, all the plastic warped, but it still functions.
This video wouldve been great 2 weeks ago before i bought one.
wow, thanks for taking the time to review. great job.
You should do 70mi, great dashcam
Vantru is the best if you got money 💰
Even though the Viofos seem like a good bang for the buck they do not last, at least down south in the Texas heat. I have been suckered into buying three (a119, a129 Pro and the a119v3) of them and all of them suffered the same fate where the dashcam falls into a boot loop and intermittently turns on and off regardless of the microsd card, hardwire kit, 12v power or USB power from my computer. I would recommend Thinkware or Blackvue two Korean made brands that'll last the test of time
Where can you get unleaded at $2.69 it $4.25 in So. Cal. Lol
Is that your Back To The Future license plate? Nice!
This VIOFO A119 is the most budget model. The added bonus is that they don't have a lithium battery and feature a super capacitor inside, so no danger of a car fire from the dash cam. If you were to try out the A229 or A329 models, the quality and night time low-light performance would blow your socks off. The Starvis2 sensor in the newest gen cams is where it's at!   👍
Wow!  That video seems like you put a lot of work into it.  Very Impressive!
Just found your channel, and this is the first video viewing, and I must say you’ve done an EXCELLENT JOB of getting directly to the reviews, summary findings, easy to understand tests, and all of it swiftly and to the point. Thank you! I wish you great success. This is how product reviews should be. No time-wasting or self-promotion. Thank you!
No vantrue?
As usual, well done. Very helpful.
Jesus's, .... has someone got hold of your balls??   If you dropped the vouce decibels by half and just slowed down a little with the narration this would be an awesome video.
You sir rock, I have a Garmin dashcam but need another for a different car. Thanks
I highly recommend everyone get themselves a dashcam. It can save your butt if you are involved in an accident that was not your fault. Don't let the other party know that you have a dashcam until they have talked to the police. Then you can show the officer what REALLY happened. Lawyers agree that for most cases it's best to get a dashcam WITHOUT a GPS since your speed could be used against you. Take your time installing it (or have a car audio place install it for you). Get one with a capacitor instead of a battery: They have far greater resistance to heat and loss of capacity over time. There are single, dual and triple camera dashcams. I recommend a dual set up in case you get rear-ended. The 3 camera dashcams are mostly of use to Lyft and Uber drivers since the third camera is an interior looking one.
Thank you, thank you, thank you! Exactly what I was wondering about the so many options out there.
Viofo was recommended by Audit the Audit, another channel you guys should watch. I have had it almost 3 years, it's spectacular. It was $80 for me including GPS. I had it professionally installed and have had zero issues with it. Viofo can do 2k with a software upgrade.
I wonder how the best ones compare to a gopro or other action cams
as always this man nailed it, feeds community with real, needed shh
It's the Viofo, isn't it? I just know it. We've had them since 2017
Yes! Thanks for doing this! I suggested this over a year ago and figured it just wasn't a popular enough idea. I'm so excited for this! Thanks Todd!
The viofo a329 4k front and 2k rear saved me.  You could clearly see the person who reared me dozed off. She claimed the damage was already there. The footage didn’t lie.
I bought the i07 Wolfbox and the review is spot on but it doesn't have Sony Starvis 2,  I don't think it's even Starvis 1. Like a lot of the dashcam claiming they're 4k, Wolfbox is not real 4k but interpolated 4k, you're better off choosing 2.5k since the quality is about the same as 4k with a smaller file size.   I ended up returning the wolfbox and the reason was a failed GPS after almost a month of use. They sent me a replacement resulting in the same failed GPS. From what I can diagnose, the problem is their manufacturing decision to place the GPS on the part that mounts onto the glass which in time, after days in the scorching Las Vegas sun, warps the plastic creating a gap, thus the GPS part no longer in contact with the main body connectors.
The best part of this review are the funny names of these Chinese products. Cool Crazy? EYeeger? Miden? These sound like the names I would have come up with when I was 11 for my 6th grade garage rock band.  😂
Die Satzbetonung macht mir echt zu schaffen
Deff left out a ton of popular brands. If you redo it, add the Blackvu, Vantru N4 Pro, and yi smart dash cam.  I have all 3, the A119 while good video, fails to record when it says it is. I ditched it for the n4 pro  Thanks!
Very goood comparison. But wasnt there more expensive brands?
The Viafo is the only one here with the Sony Starvis sensor, and it’s crazy how close Red Tiger was. But, Red Tiger has multiple cams with Starvis 2.0 sensors (there are different level of 2.0 sensors and their flagship use the best one in the market). If you used that dash cam it would be levels above Viofo.
ty!!
The Rove has a setting for 2k@60fps, I’m curious how it performs on that setting vs the Viofo.
My VIOFO saved me while driving in Mexico! An ambulance pulled in front of me and caused a crash with us, and they tried to pin it on me, but once the officer saw the footage, he said "Oh it is totally their fault!"   I then proceeded to buy 2 more VIOFOs for our 2 other cars. 😁
The best dash cam is an old iPhone. Buy a mount. Clear the memory and you have a wifi hot spot compatible dash cam that records in high definition and it’s easy to extract video.
The only person I trust on the internet
Todd, you are a National Treasure!  Thank you for this!
Less coffee...please less coffee. Being shouted at for 18 minutes was painful as hell
VERY IMPRESSIVE! 🎉
I'd have loved to know what the guy driving towards you thought seeing a dozen dash cams set up in your car. And looking at your hands close up I'd say a bandaid comparison is due lol (mine are the same, I have a farm too)
Readable?
Video idea!!!!   Omg you should totally do another video with dash cams because jm sure there are a lot more brands to test. Take the winner from this showdown and out it agasint the nee batch!!! Also viofo makes a 4k version
Thanks! I needed this!
Thanks for doing this. If you do another, I'd like to see Garmin included.
Can you please do the same but for the rearview mirror cams?
Thank you for another great video. So peaceful.  ps I am sick and tired of seeing the great leader all day every day. Sheesh.
Imagine getting into an accident and having 11 dash cams for the police to look through.. lol Nice work!  I actually am looking to pick up one of these.
What a thorough review , u r a great reviewer , I don't even have car and i watched the full review ,no gimik lines ,no bullshit ,just facts ,few perform better in night ,few does overall good but not many allrounder
I’m surprised garmin isn’t on here
Thank you Project Farm for another amazing video. In all fairness, I gave up on dash cams long ago. Cheap plastics and mounting cups that get destroyed by UV rays. Faulty devices. Eventually making camera useless. Since getting hit from behind is the other persons fault anyways. I now only use a quality phone holder, on my dash with my iPhone. Great quality videos and I put it in portrait mode. No TF cards to deal with or incompetent controls. I don't care how good any dash cam claims to be, it will never compare to that of an iPhone camera. Keep it simple kids.
Please include nexar and ventrue next review
Best Alarm clock? I hear it every morning. Brightness matters. easy of setting it. bells & whistles. It might be a tough video, just a thought. Thanks for what you do
who dont manufacturers put USB C on enerything... so annoying in 2025
This is the video I needed I have purchased several dash cams but always disappointed, I am going to buy 4 Viofos one for each of our cars
The single most difficult test is probably getting a license plate at night, in motion. It'll be good to see if you ever do a follow up test!
I almost thought you would put the cameras through a stress test by jamming each of them into a vice or something.
Viofo also has a model that looks the same but has a rear view cam also 1440p. The theory is all the 4k cams are bs marketing/upscaling that is no better than just putting the cameras in 2k mode(1440p).
Thank you. This is what a proper comparison looks like. Much appreciated!!!
awesome as usual! Hey I use your recommended head light restorer (Sylvania) which worked great ! But now 6 months later they are cloudy again.  Time for a new test looking for longevity?
Really really long story short $30 – cam save some college kid over $3,000 I had my dash cam going and caught a wreck that would have cost her a lot of money but because of my – cam the driver at fault was properly cited
Arguably the best channel for product comparison.
I’ve owned 3 $450 Blackvue cameras, and the each of them 3 failed within 2 years. To say I was p!ssed would be an understatement. My 2 Thinkware units were fine and lasted over 6 years. My Vantrue camera failed and returned. My Roav C1 lasted a good year and went with the car when sold. The cheap Arifayz I bought for my teens car failed out of the box, the replacement is working so far after 5 months. I never heard of many of the other cameras in this video - fly by night brands. My Vifo lasted 2 years but the housing melted in the hot sun.
Considering the price, and the fact the Red Tiger has a rear cam included, it's easily the best deal. Which is why bought 2 of them 2 years ago.
Outstanding! Thank you!
Viofo A139 is a much better version that has the Sony Starvis 2 sensor which improves the night vision.
Thank you for your great videos
I bought a cheap $30 Amazon dash cam 4 years ago records in  1080p and already got my back twice . Proved I wasn't at fault in accidents I go in
Thanks again ! I been thinking about getting a dash cam.
you kind of showed some of it but I feel that an extremely important comparative point is left out in the charts: Does the camera make noise on startup, does the camera say some scratchy words in a chinese accent on startup.  I feel like a camera could perform flawless in all tests, but then every time you start your car you get to hear HELLO WELCOME, that's an immediate -6 for the effort taken to open it and cut the speaker
THANK YOU!!! So many "reviewers" talk about dash cams but I've never really learned anything about them. Great video, great product topic thank you for all you do.
I've had a Redtiger for a few years now. Glad to see it did well. I wasn't in the market for a new one since I've been so pleased with it but I think I'll go ahead and purchase another couple Redtiger cameras for my other vehicles.
These things will literally save your life with traffic scammers and accident claims and such.  Get the most premium expensive proven awesome one you can possibly afford!
You should make a part two of this with premium brands. I’ve seen some go for $700!!
Infrared thermometers?  Excellent video as usual!
It would be interesting to see how they compare to a smart phone in a holder facing out the window.  I've been using Rexing for years and haven't had any issues with that brand.  Though I can honestly say I haven't studied the output nearly as well.
I'm glad you did this test....
I like and appreciate the reviews, but why do you have to yell everything?
Redtiger sell a polarized lens that really helps with glare also
TY P.F
Only wish you threw in garmin cameras to the mix
I needed this thank you
Honey, that crazy neighbor keeps driving past our house, like every 3 minutes............
STOP THE CAMERAS!!! 11:35 you mean to tell me that work truck drove past you almost every time you were testing a different camera, or are these results skewed?
For some reason my car does not have a DC outlet. What's a good dash that has either built in battery or a USB c charger connection ?
Thank you, buddy. Excellent!
I swear every time I wanna buy something or at least have the thoughts of getting something, Todd always dropped a video about exactly what I want at the perfect timing
I was hoping to see how one of the expensive name brands did, but otherwise great video as always!
Awesome thank you
It would be great to compare these Amazon brands to some of the more mainstream options out there like Garmin, Nextbase, Escort, Nexar, Cobra, Kenwood and even Walmart's On brand.
Thanks.
Love your comparisons and I know this is out of your normal products but there is no such thing as “5G WiFi”. 5G is a mobile/cellular data technology meaning 5th Generation. WiFi is available at 5 GHz. These are two entirely different technologies that have nothing to do with each other.
I find this inconclusive..you didn't do the crash test that records the last 30 seconds 😂
Another great comparison!
$2.69 for gas there at 16:05 ... $3.09 here still..
Got my Viofo on sale for 85$ SO HAPPY WITH IT
Lighted sign at night, your response to the Viapho was highly, positively exaggerated. The image was  ghosting, especially up close for both text and numbers. The Coolcrazy was had a sharp image throughout. Nothing subjective. The zealous assessment of the Viapho's was for diplomacy sake, grossly inaccurate.
its about time you did this. i have been waiting forever for this
Should have tested Nexar dash cam.. they are amazing!
love my redtiger! awesome video
Thank you for doing this challenge. Very helpful.
great reviews! So glad I already have 2 Viofos A119 minis in 2 different vehicles
Thanks to Youtube for making me watch ads for services I've already purchased.
No f ing way perfect timing , thank you for this reviews
Great review, thank you so much.. I was trying to get a dash cam but I didn’t know what to look for.. thank you again.. love your channel
I have viofo and redtiger and I will tell you red tiger is much better because the app functionality and ease of obtaining videos.
I've purchased countless dashcams since the technology was released. I have had the best long term and customer support results from the Rove dash cams. I have the one in all of my vehicles and in my kids too. We have used it in multiple situations. The most recent was an accident where a girl ran a red light and hit my son. She swore she had a green light but the Rove clearly proved otherwise. The insurance companies didn't even hesitate to agree.
I had to stop watching.  Your high-pitched, rapid speaking made me fucking mad.  Sort it out.
Anybody ever notice how his voice is normal for the first few words and then his voice goes high pitch. Now that I noticed it it’s all I hear now and can’t unhear it
I am happy to see this review, even though I already bought and installed dashcams in all of our vehicles. After considerable research, I decided on REDTIGER and have found it to be an excellent product. I also bought the hardwired kit for it, which provides it with a constant power lead for parking monitoring and a switched lead for driving monitoring. Transferring videos using the smartphone app is easy and fast. Great camera for the money and very clear images. Keep in mind default settings are not full resolution!
I saw the Mini USB port and knew it would be a quality product.
VIOFO has a new camera, it’s the VIOFO 329 & it’s the best dash cam to date 3/2025 👍🔥🔥🔥
Please do haloview. I’ve been wanting to see theirs for years
Please do a steam cleaner video when you get the chance! There's a million options out there!
A good test for dash cams would be how they handle the heat because a parked car in summer heat is pretty rough.
Pretty happy to be reassured about my VIOFO purchase from a years ago. I probably did about 8 hours of research online.
A bunch of screen time for that band-aid makes me want a best band-aid video
Great test suite, especially the 35 MPH pass-by.  On dashcam footage I've seen, they faire poorly when there's a hit and run. Regardless of which camera (front or rear) or time of day, legibly reading the license plate or seeing the driver's face, almost NEVER happens. While the 4k cameras seem more promising, and a ~$114 price is appealing, they still fall a bit short. I'd pay a premium for one which 'ups the game' - 4k+ front and rear, 60 Hz+ frame rate front and rear, on 2 (preferably more ) cameras, and smarter image processing algorithms.  Offering 3 or 4 cameras would permit narrowing the field of view - innately improving the resolution  A gold standard baseline might be a 'GoPro', set at 4k, with 60 (or 120 Hz) frame rate.
The best dashcams are the ones with Ai integrated into them.
Additionally, a rear view camera is indispensable.... imho
Man I just got an VIOFO A329, his review gives me a little more confidence in my purchase
Best tests and comparisons I have seen.
You are officially the best resource for anyone who needs to buy anything.
Accident nightmares #17: Hitting a Google map vehicle while driving! 😂
I appreciate you very much 😁😊😍.
You left out REXING, Best cam for the buck.
I’m surprised the police weren’t called when you drove past the petrol station over and over. Looked like you were casing the place out.  Great review as always!
NO WAY IN HELL !!!! I could sit through 18 minutes of his screachy yapping voice. Saved time, jumped to the last 2 minutes.
the problem of all these cameras is lack of dynamic range which important at night.  most of them make the license plate unreadable and blown out because they're trying to raise the exposure for the car and background.  if you lower exposure for the license plate to make it readable, the background and car become too dark.  it's a balancing act that most cameras fail at.  even expensive cameras find it challenging to expose for both the license plate and the background/car.
Accident nightmares #23: Getting into a crash while leaving your car insurance company's parking lot.
Realizing that you had to mount all of these cameras, do all of this stop and go and go out at roughly the same times every day for all of these really shows the kind of legwork you do for this channel. It's frankly incredible. There's a reason we trust your reviews so much, you're the real deal man.
I live in Phoenix. Need a dashcam that doesnt melt.
Well dang Todd, thank you for not wasting my time!  That was a very deep dive into dash cams, thanks for the great info!
They need to really get the clearness better ,and that night vision  can barley be called that ,that needs to really improve , by the way what are your thoughts on the Rexing brand ?
We need a heat test. How do they do on a dash in the heat of summer?
We got wolfbox camera from Amazon. It's ahh ok. Wanna upgrade and see if the grass is greener
I know you had 10 dashcams connected the top of you car, driving around you must have looked crazy.
This review was top-notch, on a very difficult subject for consumers: too many offers, too many almost scammy products. I did not like the Coolcrazy because it is using a reconstructive mini-AI filter to get sharper results, but when the signal is too noisy, it puts up a high contrast image but with unrecognizable gliphs. You can see that very clearly at the stop sign with the yellow sign below. I wouldn't get that camera. The other two cameras on top of the CoolCrazy are the real deal: compensating the difficult light condition wth good optics and fast adaptation of capture parameters, and traditional HDR capturing, just like with any conventional camera, no funny business.
Thank you for annother amazing review
All want to know is where are they selling Diesel for $3.35 a gallon? I want to go there....
I just picked up a dashcam last month. I almost got the Viofo A119 mini2, but I went with the 70mai A510. They both use the same Starvis 2 sensor, but the 70mai included a rear facing camera for the same price.  Fantastic unit. Great review! Thanks!
Great channel. I did see that Harbor Freight just came out with a new Predator solar panel and Predator power bank. Would love to see a test on solar panel performance between Renogy, predator, thunderbolt, and others and different power banks. 👍
I pictured kevin mcdonald talking the whole time. Anyway, ill be buying a viofo, thank you.
Great video 👍 Survival of the camera in high heat is my most critical factor. I have spent over $100 on each camera and found only a select few to hold up. Currently using the Garmin series in three of our vehicles for the past several years with no issues.   Definitely follow the reviews on a brand you’re interested in and don’t throw money away like I have.
Nope, sticking with film. It is kind of expensive and tricky to change reels in traffic.
I wish you did more expensive models.
Where was that other one made?
No blackview?
The wolfbox model he used is probably their cheapest model. Their current model is the wolfbox g900 i have the g850 and it clips over the rear view mirror. Does front and rear at the same time and projects the image on the 12 inch screen. 4k.  I got mine on sale for 150. It also does back up camer with guides.
I have a VIOFO 229 pro, works great, daily driver, has helped a lot! Getting a second one for my other vehicle. Bought it through someone else, Best Buy installed it, just make sure which Best Buy’s has the best reviews, apparently the majority of the installers are not that great! Hope this helps!
Amazing video! So much work was put into this! Thank you!  (I'm sure the thumbs down came from ppl who were selling the "bad" dash cams. 😂)
I don't understand how the older Sony Starvis sensor is performing better than the Starvis 2. Is it only a processing problem, or is the newer sensor actually worse in this use case? I ask because Viofo's newest 4K webcam uses the newer sensor.
The fact Blackvue, the most recommend and high quality brand, wasnt included nor was Garmin or 70mai is depressing....
You are amazing... I'm still hoping you end up with your own Amazon Prime Series. Your content is above anyone else's :') You have helped me purchase the right items for years!
As always a great and informative video.
Video Suggestion is testing oil filters. Fram, Wix, Super tech, motorcraft, Mobile 1, ect... Would go great with your awesome videos on oil brands!
Great job! All your videos are awesome. Keep up the great work.
The VIOFO I had 5 or so years ago was not quite as good as this one, but still pretty good. It came with a polarizer lens cover that really helped cut down on glare.
I’ve had the viofo for a couple years now, looks like I made the correct choice!
Glad to see the suggestion from Techmoan about VIOFO holds up today. Been happy with mine for a few years now.
Wow gas is how much! Were paying double that in Southern California.
I totally thought we weren't going to get any "very impressive" this time.
I had a different Wolfbox that was quite good, but quit working right at one year.  This has been helpful.
Another thing with dash cams is the software. If the software is buggy its a HUGE issue...
Nexar didn't make it to the list?
Any time you see "welcome" on the start-up screen, you can guarantee it's crap. I have a SpyTec A119 from 2017, a rebranded Viofo. It is still going strong.
Did you even test an American made unit?
I have a REDTIGER dash camera. It was decently priced and seems to hold up well. I’ve had it for 2 years.
Your voice hurts. Stop screaming.
idk ive had two viofos and they both stopped working right after the warranty period.. from my personal experience they work well until they dont..
Thanks for the coverage! The Viofo you tested is their low-end model. Having followed this stuff for awhile, decent cameras seem to start being available around $100 (as you saw) and high-end ones cost around three times that, with noticeable performance improvements throughout that price range. If you do another test, it would be interesting to see higher-end Viofos and other reputable brands like BlackVue. Cheers!
Thank you for this review! I have been wanting for this one for a while! Purchased the Viofo instantly after the video! Thank you for all of your hard work making these review videos!
VIOFOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Another great video, I haven’t seen one yet that disappoints.  I’ve been thinking about a dashcam for a while now, and your video has helped me pick a winner.
Can you review the dashcams that stick onto rearview mirrors?
You haven’t bought nexar dashcam yet?
another great video!  thank you!
How do i find out the best cam without watching 20 minutes
Thank you for comparing these dashcams.😊
Nexar One would've been good to see tested. It's expensive though lol
I appreciate your work.
Why is no one testing 70mai dashcams? I think they're the best, I've had two, its image quality was absolutely fantastic. It was a tiny bit pricey tho, but worth it.
I bought a cheap chinese dashcam marketted at "4k", I haven't looked Linus tech tips video about how those dashcams are faux K (1080p with horrible upscaling to simulate 4k)  Turns out it records fine at 1080p and it's all that matters.
Awesome. I've been running Viofo for 6 years or so. Guess I got lucky in my Amazon research lol
Thank you for this. Maybe next time we can see a test of Bluetooth backup cameras
We need a community project farm channel where other creators can submit reviews as ling as they are at least as good as project farm.
Just excellent. I dont even want/need a dashcam but i watched the whole thing amd was entertained and informed. Thanks PF!
That whiny tone in your voice makes this unbearable to watch, sir.
Can you add a couple Garmin dash cams next time
How long before automobile manufacturers start incorporating these as a factory option or standard equipment??
Oh man, I was hoping OwlCam would be on the list.  I’ve been using it for years mainly because there is a live view over LTE.  I’d like your take on that one.
Why only testing crap, unknown Chinese brands? Basically a useless test.
Dash cam made me think about this….should test different radar detectors and jammers
Why not add a 70Mai cam to the test? It's the best selling brand in Asia and is available on Amazon.
Please dont ever sell out. One of the last people who still seem legit...  Lot of the reviewers started like you and eventually got bought out. Meaning they no longer were legit when it came to their sponsors.    On of the ones I fell for I got a wheel that got a flat spot first jump. Sam Pilgrim must have faked riding down the stairs with no tire no damage vid. The power of editing.
@0:53 Lol...when I was starting out in 35mm film photography, I did the same exact thing. I set up distance signs then took pictures at different f-stop settings to see what was in focus! 📷😂
Great video thanks for all the hard work.  Hopefully we can get a part two of this video with you testing higher end cameras that cost ranging from $150-400.
Vantrue N4, supposedly even better than the N5
Ok, now Trail Cameras
No garmin?
Thanks!
All I could imagine in my head while watching this was being at the eye exam hearing "better or worse?"  😂 Love your vids Project Farm! I've bought so many products based off your reviews. Best in depth reviewer on Youtube.
Could you try 360 dash cams ? for internal safety too
It's a shame that older phones can't be repurposed for this and people instead throw them away. Senseless e-waste when they have batteries, screens, built in storage and way better cameras.
Theres dash cams that get up into the hundreds of dollars.
PLEASE DO RADAR DETECTORS NEXT
Your voice is scratching my ears. It's impossible for me to listen to you, no matter how much I'm interested in the subject.
Thank you for the video, ordered Viofo.
where is vantrue
Miden has that Breaking Bad yellow Mexico filter. lol. I've been happy with all the Viofo cams I've used, currently running the A119 Mini 2 in my daily driver.   The performance while facing the sun is important to me because my commute has me going east at sunrise and west at sunset. So it was nice to see those tests here, a lot of people post their samples from midday, which doesn't tell the whole story.
I'm surprised some camera's performed so much better than others, considering almost every dashcam uses one of just a few SoC's (image sensor) and all of them are kind of old tech.
Viofo clearly builds these the right way. They’ve identified that exposure is substantially more valuable than resolution
I’d love a portable ac unit review! I live in an apartment with no central ac, so I am looking for a good portable ac unit.
It would be lucky if any of all those cameras worked for more than a week in the California summer heat.
I love it when Project Farm validates my purchases; I bought a Viofo A229 Pro back in June 2024 after an incident involving my ex chasing me with my own vehicle that she stole. I made the choice based on observed quality while watching Dashcam Lessons' videos.
Never seen someone dox himself for almost 20 minutes before. Also, i can only imagine seeing a guy driving at me with almost a dozen dash cams on his windshield. This is actually exactly the video i was wanting to find recently. Thank you!
VIOFO A229 Pro rules my car. It’s a heck of a dashcam.
Just stick with a Garmin dash cam
I am taking a several day road trip this weekend and I was lost in the sauce when it came to deciding which dash cam I wanted. I JUST ordered the VIOFO with the polarized lenz cover and a "Max Extreme" SD card for it. You always come through with a new videw when I need one.
Any dash cam is better than no dash cam. Both my vehicals have them and I would highly suggest everyone to have one. Theres just too many people doing the wrong thing now and it becomes unexplainable to a insurance company.
Test some good cameras instead of the garbage ones...
Finally a dashcam review from the goat!
Put  at trace on the Apps and see how much data is being sent back to China.
Todd, How did you narrow down the field of 1000's cameras to this group? Too many out there on the interwebs!
Thank you. I didn't know I needed this info and my life is better from it.
👍🫡
Hey project farm do you have a video on what silverware resists rusting best? My dishwasher is rocking me
Excellent video. This video jives with the current knowledgebase of /r/dashcam perfectly, and sums it up super well in visual form in 20 minutes: Viofo is the golden standard, cheaper dashcams totally fail to deliver on their promises, and more expensive dashcams offer diminishing returns at best or utterly failed promises at worst. And rear camera specs are so poorly documented that you might as well run a second independent cam as a back cam.
Oh my God stop I can’t take any more of this.
Am I THE ONLY one who FEELS LIKE everyone on YouTube TALKS LIKE THIS NOW to keep YOUR ATTENTION?
Can you do a video on disposable lens wipes?
high qualy content. Thanks.
Been thinking about getting a dashcam for a while now and thank you so much for this review 🙏
There are many things to like about Viofo's cameras apart from the image quality. The use of capacitors instead of batteries helps it survive being baked in the sun for years, and the parking recording function is one of the better implementations I've seen.  PS: Dashcams use the battery/capacitor just to finish writing to the SD card when you turn off the engine, not to power the camera the whole time when the car is parked. For parking recording, you generally need to wire the camera to the car battery or some other power supply.
Talk slower FFS. 🙄
No 70mai? Shouldve reviewed the xiaomi lineup theyre the king for budget and great
nice job
Thank you for doing this car cam test
Content idea, and maybe I’ve missed it… have you considered a show on the different battery powered hand pruners?
The Miden camera has the "Mexico" yellow filter used in movies lol.
I have purchased many tools and gadgets from watching this channel, and none of those disappointed. I love this channel.
Ok was looking at buying one of these for the work truck But can we do motorcycle oil‘s yet😂
I have a Rexing that I purchased on sale at Best Buy a few years ago. It's a great camera, surviving multiple summers here in Phoenix, AZ. Wish you could have tested one from them.
Wow! I've been looking forward to dashcams for awhile now & seeing ProjectFarm made a video about it!!! I know it's good
Another GREAT test! Thanks, Todd!
Scotty Kilmer recommended Viofo years ago and it’s an amazing dash cam. Speaks for itself….
Excellent review! Thank you!
The best dashcam isnt a dashcam at all it's an action cam with a car mode and mount kit.
there should be standard equipment
Hey @ProjectFarm will you please review bench top planers.  Tests could including snipe, surface quality, noise level, and dust collection would be awesome!  You could do different hardnesses of wood or straight grain vs figured.  If you could include Cutech, Wen, Dewalt, Grizzly, Oliver, Ridgid, and Rikon.  Probably an expensive one to do but would be greatly appreciated.   Thank you for the great content!
Loved the review!! Great to see which dash cams are better. What about Radar detectors? A review on those maybe?
I have that red tiger f7n, Nice to know I got a pretty good product, But I have the polarized filter attachment on mine. I wonder if that would have improved its lighted sign test
are you able to tell us if these cameras used a capacitor or a battery? i live in phoenix and my understanding is that its better to use capacitor cameras because they can endure the high heat
During the night testing, I was waiting for "and that's when I got pulled over by the police and forced to take a sobriety test."    LOL
Ive had the Viofo for about 4 years. Its a great dash cam. I did a bunch of searching before landing on that one.
Thanks for the info
That 1440p VIOFo is far better than most of those shitshow fake-4k ones. Never EVER listen to the resolution BS on these things. Always look at the actual output. a 16K camera can be outpreformed by a 1080p camera for all the same reasons. They used these numbers to try and sell to foolish consumers. It should be fraud
VIOFO A229 Is the best camera.
If you make a second video can you include the 70mai brand? There are several models from that brand, I have the A500 Pro. It's very popular here in the Philippines. Thanks.
Are you intentionally among your voice sound annoying?   Just asking for a friend
My viofo came with an extra filter that snaps over the lens. Not sure what difference it makes
Best unbiased youtube channel
I started with Viofo129 since 2021. Now we have 3 dashcams in the family all Viofos. It's really worth the money. Helped me to fight several tickets and one rear end accident.
I've been thinking about a dash cam for the last few months, so timing is perfect.  I had no idea there would be that much difference between the cameras.  One would think that a 4K camera would be much better than a normal HD, but that's definitely not the case.  I did notice one problem with your dash cams.  The price of gas was wrong.  It should've been $4.69/gal, not $2.69.  At least that's the case here in Southern CA!  I can't believe how expensive our gas is, considering how much crude oil has dropped in the last few months.  Excellent video and topic!  Very informative and definitely usable information.  Thanks for all your hard work!
Thank you for reviewing dashcams. Although the cheaper cams performance is expected to be low, I am glad you also included the Viofo and compared performance. I have had the Viofo A129 Pro Duo installed in my truck w/ the HK3 for over 2 years with no complaints but, thankfully, no accidents either. I just received the Viofo A329 w/HK4 and expect good performance with it in my new vehicle.
I'm curious how these stand up compared to a Go PRO or similar small form factor camera
Video idea: best 10 oz caulk gun.
I bought VIOFO  three years ago and now I know it's best on the market! It even helped solve a crime ones . Individual got forty years behind bars for shooting innocent person who later recovered.
Exactly what I was looking at for two vehicles.
Can also vouch for the Viofo, (although I have the A129 Pro) the image and build quality is amazing. Also uses the Sony IMX 291 sensor.
I've been wanting to see this video for about two years now.
Been udon knock off “go pros” in both my cars for a while now. They have “car mode” and loop recording so you can set it and forget it. Video quality is fine
Amazing channel, such an excellent resource. Thank you again, ProjectFarm!
Atoto makes the best camera that all i am going to say
Honestly surprised there is not a Vantrue model in the mix.
Thanks!
Awesome job!  How about one on body cams?
better review than Linus Tech Tips.
I have the cool crazy dash cam, same model and the rear camera is pretty good. Definitely good price for 90$
What about an action sports camera (like a gopro) for a dashcam?
A couple of other aspects of cams is battery versus capacitor type and mounting type. Shopping for dash cams is like searching for the Holy Grail, this video should help.
TODD: DO US A FAVOR! Get someone who is not going through puberty to do the voiceover.  Also, slow verbage to 300 syllables per minute. You do the research, and you want to share it...we are trying ....please!
The Viofo is only $90 on amazon business!
Have you considered decaf?
Epic Timing! Just installed Viofo 229 Plus… I’m gonna need 3 more Viofos… Thinkware would have been a good addition
I’ve got a couple viofo’s, no complaints.
I would be the guy at his window wondering why a guy has come by 8 times and stopped 6 times, each time, at the stop sign. 😂 “Hey, buddy! Everything alright?!” 😂😂
This has saved me and I am sure so many others so much time, money, and stress. Thank You!
Sooooo glad we got a true no bs reviewer to do dashcams!!
I have gone through several dashcams. And I have found that the Viofo manufacturer has in the best
I applaud your tenacity!  How many dreams have you had when a camera name startles you awake?  Thank you for this thorough review. Russ
I have found my old cell phones to be great dash cams, I get it all in 4k. I all most for got I have some old (2012) dash cam that has been frozen and baked in the montana winter and summer and it case color is red now, it was black it was 19.USD in 2012.
Now we're veering into Techmoan territory
Who talks like this?? Annoying voice
If I see a guy driving a car with 14 dashcams on his windshield, I'd be intrigued 😂
For anyone who want the A119 but with rear camera, I highly suggest the A129 duo family. It cost less than 2 A119 and I've been using them for more than 5 years and the rear camera can read the number plate at dawn with headlights facing the camera. (Mine is an old A129 duo, older model with 1080p front/rear - new one should be better though)
I was pretty sad when my g1W finally quit after 6 years.
Youtube has become shit with too many ads
Can we get a picture of what your windshield and dashboard looked like with all those cameras mounted on it?
Of course the Viofo has a Starvis 2 sensor.... Wait 6 of them do??
The Viofo cams are excellent!! I have a similar version and it’s exceeded my expectations.  I would love to see you review robot vacuums!  Your reviews are so well thought out and executed & the test as very creative
@projectfarm Thank's for the review. But the real figth is Viofo Vs. 70Mai Vs. Garmin
Awesome video! Thank you for all your hard work 🫡
Next up… Bandaid testing
could you also specifically test Dual/front+back dashcams ? ithink Viofo has a product too
Fabulous! We always look forward to your videos!
Suggestions for new tests:   1. Sump pumps (be sure to include Everbuilt, Harbor Freight's, Meda and other junk from Amazon).  2. Best digital blood pressure readers vs manual.  3. Best head worn flashlights on Amazon  4. Best EV lawnmower (including durability of blade test and battery run time).  5. Best 20+lbs drag baitcaster reels - Shimano vs Daiwa vs Piscifun vs. other brands on Amazon. Compare casting distance, drag resistance, etc.  6. Best car fuel injector cleaners including Sea foam, Lucas, STP, etc.  Thanks for all the interesting, relevant comparisons.
I appreciate the info you provided, but one thing you might consider testing is how these compare in extreme weather/temperatures. In Texas, we've had a few dashcams fail after being in the car during triple digit summers.  For those in colder climates, it may also be interesting to see how these hold up under extreme cold.
Viofo the undisputed King for so many years
I wish there was a "high end" dash cam with a professional quality camera. I mean my 8 year old gopro runs circles around any of these. But dash cams are always super low quality chinese junk sadly. I'd gladly pay 4-8x as much for a really good one that can read license plates from several times the distance. The best ones I've found are ones used on commercial trucking, but even those are still using inferior decade+ old tech to keep the prices down.
I was just thinking how I need a dash cam and how you should make a video about them 🤯 thank you!!!
I’ve got a VIOFO. Definitely worth the money.
Another great video, can’t stop buying products you reviewed 😊
So you have a front and rear cam but what about if you get hit from the side?
Imagine owning a company who's product came out on top at Project Farm. Everyone gets a raise!
We use wolfbox g900pro rearview front view cameras on our fire trucks and they are outstanding but about $300
You had better dashcams form wolf box tho
6:00
Loved it, if only more OEMs would just incorporate them or something. LTT also had an informative video about dashcams a couple years ago.
Great video,  can you make a video with big company brands like cobra , Kenwood,  Garmin,  ext ext please 🙏
Thanks for reviewing these!
the best sensor in the world really isn't that useful without enough processing power behind it to make use of the sensor. i'd really appreciate a round 2 where you compare the more expensive, and physically larger units to see if they offer even better visibility and image processing.  - recording looping is also pretty important, since you don't need to constantly go through and clear out the card to make space. it'd be nice to know which cameras actually loop recordings.  - ease of use and navigation for configuring, although subjective, would be a nice thing to know as well. when some dash cams only offer 2-3 buttons to navigate with, it can be difficult to use.  - information about the attachment point, including area, the kind of adhesive included (if included), and weight that would be suspended from that attachment point are also important to know, because heavier units will require a larger mounting area to be secured. - another good test would be to see how difficult it is to cause the cameras to change their position. whether the camera itself pivots, or the unit pivots at the attachment point, vibrations and jostling will eventually cause them to move. while this may not necessarily be important for day to day use, it could be important for off-road driving, or driving through construction zones where uneven roads can cause significant turbulence. just having an idea of when to check the alignment can go a long way. - having an internal battery to record while the car is parked can be especially useful when travelling. even so, not all cameras use the 'parking mode' the same. some will only activate when the vehicle is disturbed, while others will activate when they see motion. this can be a make or break detail for some buyers, especially those who will often park in parking structures.  - lastly, you should test their ability to see without the headlights on while at night, to see how good they are at detecting things like people walking up to the car, or reading license plates of vehicles that drive by the car. this is particularly useful in aiding others that may have been victims of various crimes.  I know that's a lot of extra testing, and that asking for you to test more expensive units means more costs, so if you can't do any of these things, that's totally understandable. either way, thank you for what you do, and how you do it. the world is a better place for it, and we all appreciate it.
I’ve owned a Viofo for 10 years and it works flawlessly.  My sons and my wife have them and all work perfectly.
This is awesome I don't know how you would but have you ever thought about doing radar detectors?
I bought a viofo a229 duo a few years back and have loved it and always get asked about it when uploading videos, it was more expensive as I bought it when it was first released, got the optical lens and a 500gb sd card costing me around $320 total, but it's quality is unmatched.
Im shocked and kinda disappointed that Rexing cameras wasn't a brand included in this... I have used their cameras for several years now and they seem to be the best I have used.
Thank you! I wanted to buy a dash cam back at black Friday. Amazon's made up stats and rigged reviews made it impossible to determine if one was better than the other.  Thanks again for your no BS testing!
I have the red tiger f7n and it’s great in the day and night
For the price, I liked the COOL CRAZY!
excellent!! thank you so much!!
Why is this man yelling at me?  Is this in infomercial?  Please stop
The most important thing is readability of license plates.  I wish PF had tested reading license plates at night with headlights shining on them because of the reflective coating on the plates that can obscure the plate number.  Which cam sees plates best during night driving, PF?
Test these in freezing weather. I've had 3 dashcams begin to fail when it gets really cold out (single digits F) in New York state. They come off and on intermittently.
my dash cam plus backup battery cast 600$. it’s not popular, but it’s hands down the best one i ever bought. and i wasted hundreds if not thousands searching for the best
Thanks!!
Can you do interactive sex toys/strokers next?
If you do again. Would like to see this against other "top" brands. There were a lot of cheap Chinese brands in this one, but would love another few top tier to compare, e.g., BlackVue . . . Thanks again though!
I like this video a lot! In some tool reviews it seems that most of the contenders would be OK as long as they get the job done and the variations may not be so important. But with cameras, it obviously makes a really big difference to go to the trouble to find the best one.
You needed to include the higher end ones like BlackVue and Thinkware.
Can’t believe it didn’t include the Garmin 47
Maybe you could do video doorbells . Keep up the great work
Maybe you could do video doorbells . Keep up the great work
I'd been wanting a dashcam for a long while but never expected anything of good quality. I unexpectedly found some Rove 2K recorded video off of a used (and unfortunately worn out) SD card bought from eBay. Was completely blown away by the quality. I've heard that none of these cameras are truly 4K but upsampled from a lower resolution, but I've been very happy with the Rove. One thing that I a very happy about with this is there is NO LITHIUM ION BATTERY in it. It uses a SuperCapacitor which does it's job.
I'd be curious to see how the Viofo stacks up against Garmin and other brands. Round 2???
Brilliant.  Thanks for this review.
I’ve seen some people using battery powered framing nailers and some seem to jam worse then others would anyone have the same interest in seeing a comparison video of them
Crazy to me the Viofo is the “standard” but it struggles so hard at distances more than 30-40+, I mean they all do, but I figured camera technology is good enough, especially in a large package. It’s not like it’s a phone.
Awesome now everyone can record themselves in the left lane going 10 under for miles.
RedTiger and Viofo are pretty common products on Amazon, but the rest are more obscure. But disappointed to not see my dashcam represented on there (it's from 70mai), despite being a fairly popular brand.  Good video though. I think you did a great job of eliminating as many variables in the test as possible to make it a reliable comparison.
I think a good follow-up video to this one would be a review mirror mounted dashcam: you could test the quality of the display, and how well it deals with bright headlights at night, etc
Definitely do this again but with more premium brands! I’m not happy with any of these😢
My wife has been asking for a dash cam and project farm delivers.
I have a vantrue element with the polarized filter as well.  Would have been nice to see directly compared, but can only do so many.  I'll have to pull up some footage and re-watch the video with it side by side, see if I wasted my money or not.  Lol.  Great video as always.  Certainly one of the only review channels I actually trust to be truely unbiased.
The rove looks like a nexbase clone.  With the different cameras I've used (professional driver) the stability of the file writing over long periods of time is a concern. It's recording 24-7 Having to remember to format the card every fortnight to avoid errors was a pain.  Nexbase branded cards cost double but it has been writing constantly without problems for a couple of years now. Set and forget,tucked behind the mirror. So I can be attentive of all those people out there who shouldn't have a license.  How easy is it to find the part of footage and get it on phone ready to upload.  Reliability of the keep a video function.  A memory card full of potholes when the g sensor kicked in has happened.    Thanks for sharing 😊
Another cool video, I'm using the Van True N2 Pro in three of my vehicles had them for at least 4 years and they do a good job. They are around 150 on Ebay plus I bought a power cord that plugs into the OBD 2 port so they come on when the car is started. You can also use your phone just set it to video. You should test that out to see if the phone gives a better picture/video.
I would have liked to see Blackvue in this test, too.
I've had the Viofo in my Wrangler for years. I witnessed a hit & run and took my video to court to help the victim--the video was clear and was the sole evidence which got the judge to rule against the perpetrator. It's an outstanding dashcam and does a great job taking videos while off-roading as well. It uses a capacitor and is rock solid. If it ever dies you better believe I'll just buy another Viofo.
Good job covering those cameras against your criteria. Those are all very poor cameras - I would not select any of them. A lot of your testing demonstrates something all of photographers know- most all cameras have the highest quality sweet spot in their center of the lens > center of the photo. As you examine images captured away from the center, the image quality falls away. So those gas road signs, up-and-away, even when illuminated, are a tough job for a camera that hopes to have fps, center quality, but suitable quality in the periphery. Hey, best way to insure you can get the license plates..., get a higher quality dash cam for overall, make sure to buy quality the batt. & Memory card can handle heat, esp. if 4k !! but buy a 2nd cam, like a portable, wearable bullet cam, so you wear the high quality and it looks everywhere you turn your head. I use on my motorcycle and it's excellent - you gotta lota money !!
Thank you for doing this review. I bought a garmin dash cam after doing as much research that I could. Wish it could have been in this comparison.
Team coolcrazy 👉
One thing that wasn’t in the test but I believe is very important is whether the dash cams have BATTERIES, or are driven by a super CAPACITOR system. The Viofo has a capacitor, so you don’t need to worry about a battery expanding and failing after being in the hot sun for a year. I’ve had a few with batteries and will never own one again. I personally have had the Viofo for a few years now with zero problems. It is highly rated on dash cam forums
For anyone curious I actually purchased a viofo a few years ago when linus tech tips did a breakdown video and im extremely happy with it. VERY IMPORTANT >> get a micro sd that's rated for endurance. Most dash cams will keep writing over old footage and if you don't have a card that's meant to handle all the re writes you might find yourself in trouble. Samsung makes an endurance card meant specifically for dash cams etc and has been absolutely amazing!
Been on the fence pondering a dash cam purchase. This is basically the only product review source I trust. Thank you for always being thorough and unbiased!
I really enjoyed this video as I run the Rove while my wife has the Redtiger and have debated which one is better. This solved the debate once and for all.  I would like to suggest a future video idea testing weed/grass killer. Coming into spring I'm in search of something that will keep my fence lines dead all season if not most of the season.
I enjoyed this segment. Thank yiu
All I run are Viofos.  That Sony sensor makes a world of a difference but I do have the A229s and A329s which are considerably more money.  That said, another great test is reading plates at night.  Some states show up better than others in my real-world use.
How about what product cleans lexan windows in heavy equipment the best.
None of them as sleek as BlackVue.
Vantrue 360 is the best .
Now you have me wondering how good the more expensive Viofo A329 would have been as a 4K camera. It also costs a whole lot more though.
Now I can make a well informed definitely when I'm looking for dash cams thank you very much sir❤ I enjoy all your videos
finally someone asking the questions we want to know
I have a WDR S7 which seems to be the same as the Miden S7. But the Miden looks worse than my WDR S7.
I would love to see the same video with a price range between 100 to 200 to get a better product.
You may have mentioned it but VIOFO cameras (to my knowledge) use a super capacitor and don’t have batteries which increase the longevity of the device. I have a VIOFO A139 (3 camera system) since 2022 and is still working like a champ! They have such high quality/sharp video over other dashcam in the same price range.
I got a Vantrue N4 Pro on Amazon. The main dash cam has a front and rear view and it's working great. Granted it is like $380. Totally worth it the quality is unmatched. Just make sure you get an endurance SD card usually the biggest size they have is 256gb.
AWESOME, I have watched so many other tests on this subject and yet again you are the quickest and most to the point hands down.  I've seen legit reviewers hawk $300+ units that are no better than the $114 Viofo!
I’d love to see you do a comparison of robotic vacuums, especially testing their ability on solid surface floors (ex. concrete slab or LVT).  Thank you.
I wish you would have tested the Vantrue N5 4 Channel WiFi 360° All Sides Dash Cam, STARVIS 2, IR Night Vision, 2.7K+1080P*3 Front Rear Inside Dashcam, Voice Control, GPS, 24 Hours Buffered Parking Mode Dash Camera, Support 512GB Max
Been shopping this segment for ages and not one brand I've ever heard of lol great test any way....
What about the cameras that can plug into your radio, like JVC/Kenwood?
Todd, are you dating anyone?
There's a truly amazing difference in performance between the cameras. It would have been nice to see a 6 way or more split screen when comparing them.
Some thing is desperately wrong - California License plate, but the gas price $2.69 ...,  that's very LoL Must be 'outastate' + 'outatime'
I've had the Red Tiger for about a year now.  It has saved me from two separate hit and runs, one of which the guy lied to police saying I hit him after they contacted him thanks to me getting his plate from the dash cam.  Saved me thousands in insurance claims against me.  Highly recommend never driving without a dash cam!
Californians are angry. Where are you finding gas under $3?
lets face it there all terrible.
This is soo good. YT needs more content like this.
I've been running a dual camera front cam, with the second pointing at my left mirror, rather than back, because it's too easily over exposed.  I have a separate 20$ rear cam.  After watching this video, I'm strongly considering the cool crazy.  4k video takes up a lot of SD card space. 720p is often good enough just to prove who is at fault in an accident.  I get 3 hours 51 minutes out of a 32 gig card at 720, I think it's just under 3 hours at 1080.... I'm going to have to go look now to verify.  😅
I'd love to see higher-end cameras like blackvue!
I usually do extensive research and read endless reviews when buying something over a certain pricepoint, and it's always nice to see the brands or products I buy end up doing well in these videos. I bought two of the viofo's (the more expensive ones with the rear camera) for relatives 3 years ago and its nice to see this brand is still on top, or at least in this price range. Also, if you have a video already up reviewing something I want then I always take them into consideration when making that purchase.
Been shopping this segment for ages and not one brand I've ever heard of lol great test.
Can you look at aftermarket back up cameras?
THIS! Can you do more dashcams that are more mainstream like blackvue etc???
Dang I was hoping to see HEABOLI in there.  What is the criteria of choosing the brands?
Best Paint Stripper. With Methylene Chloride and without Methylene Chloride (Banned in California)
horrible pick of cameras
I had Viofo. Excellent
For the algo
Someone tries to insurance scam you but you point to your 12 dashcams and they run away
Wonderful comparison! Thanks! But dude, try decaffeinated.
I wish gas was priced at $2.69!  In salt lake city we range from $3.09 to $2.87. Great test
Thanks so much!  ❤
Hope the weather stays nice in Missouri. ;-)
So the viofo in my opinion is the best one . Could you do the viofo a229 for those wanting to see how much better they get for $100 more
Well Well Well  just what I needed 👍🏼
The problem I had that kept destroying dash cameras is I got 215 inch subwoofers powered by a 4500 W amp and the vibrations destroy dash cameras. The only good camera I found was a GoPro hero 10.
If you ever do a part 2 of dash cams you should include a Blackvue dash cam, they are pretty popular but expensive. Also lots of people use GoPros as dash cams, just something to compare to.
Was I the only one thinking about what would be the excuse to the driving behavior to a cop staring at me from the vicinity?
Great work, as always
Liked this channel more when he wasn't constantly screaming. And somehow he's hitting reverse puberty where his voice keeps getting higher pitched and more annoying to listen to.
An idea i wanted to throw out there: Slip resistant shoes, specifically in food service (tredsafe, shoesforcrews, safe-t- step).  Thanks!
@ProjectFarm  Knowing your typical stress tests, I was hoping this would also include things like adhesion in hot weather like Texas, cable quality and battery performance, app, usability, etc. If you can get time , it would be great to  pick the top 3-4 from here and do another video on the rest of the experience as well?  Like always, great practical test on the main feature "Video quality".  Thank you!
2:10 That’s my Yeeger.
I have a Rexing dash cam that I got on sale at Best Buy Black Friday. It was regular $150 but I paid $70 and it does forward, rear and cabin. I actually have footage where a Semi Truck intentionally tried to run me off the road and I had my son and grandson in the truck. I plan on getting one that does front, back and sides. I paid $75 for Best Buy to install it.       I would like to see you do a test on the ones that are a little more expensive. I really like the Rexing but the Best Buy installers had another one that was a favorite to them. The one thing I don't like about the dash cam is how slow it is to connect to the phone and pull the footage off. I know with technology today they could make it so much easier to obtain the videos. And I think they should be able to connect to actual WiFi. But I only have experience with the one I have. So if there are any better I don't know. I have noticed that the market is flooded with knock offs and so many brands. I try to stay to products that have decent customer service. That is a joke most days. I did enjoy your video. Thank you
Thank you for doing this review. ❤ a thought comes to mind. How do these cameras compare to just using an old cell phone camera? (Old as in the last 5 years) why not just get a 1 tetrabite srorage card for your cell phone and have it auto erase. 😮 🤷‍♂️  just a thought. For example. Samsung galaxy a71 made in 2021 goes for about 100 bucks at wallmart. 80 bucks for a 1 terabyte  scan disk ultra card. Maybe an idea for abother video? All the best. Love ur stuff. Thanks again.  😊
I just installed the Viofo A329 with the FITDVR rearview mirror adapter. I haven't tampered with the camera settings yet but I hope everything turns out to be as well as I've heard. I still have to install the HK hardwiring kit in order to use the best rumored, "time lapse" recording while my truck is off. If anyone has any recommendations for this dashcam, please advise👍
I will stick with my $20 Azdome M300. It is surprisingly good value.
Hope you had a nice cool glass of water after all that vocal energy.  Great presentation!
Noice! Ty for this test! love these things lol
One thing to note is that the Viofo achieves its sharpness by having an angle of view of only 140 degrees while many of the other cams have a field of view of 170 degrees.  Not saying that's a dealbreaker, but something to keep in mind when choosing a product which has a primary purpose of documenting events of as large an area as possible.
super interesting your performance vs the marketing.
This is quite possibly the most useful one yet. Sussing out a decent one is like finding a needle in a haystack. It's a gamble no matter what since people will give just about anything 5 stars. No doubt what I'd get now. Thanks, and keep it up!
Wish you had included the 70mai dash cam as it’s very popular and has some very cool unique features as well as voice co tool and patrol mode.
Thank you for the review! I've been wanting to pick up a dash cam and had no idea what to look for. Someone did a hit and run on my car in a parking lot. Of course my insurance helped but whoever hit me got by with it.
Viofo all day
I got a Viofo last Christmas so I am happy!
The coolcrazy had awful AI upscaling that the Viofo doesn't have. Mangles smaller text to be unreadable. Very visible in the close ups.
That one camera that advertises "5G WiFi" made me laugh, because that's not a real thing.
I have viofo a 119 mini i like it alot 👍👍👍
Thanks 👍👍
This guy needs to leave YouTube. And goto some Auction
Good job again Project Farm 👏🏻 👏🏻 👏🏻 the best channel for good unbiased tests of products
imagine if he got into an accident doing this test and it was the other persons fault.  Police: "do you have any footage of the accident?" Him: So do you want it in 4k, 1080p, HDR, FHD, with GPS or without? I got 11 different witnesses.
if your deadset on the viofo, but also want a rear cam, what rear cam would go along nicely with the viofo??
I wish garmin was in this test
Video suggestion: what tire brand is the best? All season vs winter vs summer, etc. Longest lasting. Best grip in rain, snow, debri, etc. This may be a hard and expensive test but well worth it imo. I think you did one for wipers before but if not it would be worth it
You certainly do the best comparison testing. Thank you for sharing your best product videos.
Thank-you Sir. What a champion you are doing these comparisons. I feel like your the second most honest man on the planet. That's only because I haven't meet the first.
I'm always impressed with your simple, ingenious testing methods but not this time.  The sunset testing was "Highly" subjective to the point of being unreliable, due to the rapid and transient lighting conditions of that time of day.  Any photographer will agree with this.  Also, differing windshield reflections indicated varying mounting locations and lighting angles.  I suggest a re-test under more controlled conditions.  This from a very long time subscriber and occasional contributor.
Just buy a Tesla and be done with it:)
Where was gas only $2.69 a gallon??
I bought a VIOFO 3 years ago and it's still going strong, very good camera.
I love the final chart...category ratings show 1 (best) to 5 (worst) and some of those cameras getting 8, 9, and 10 (plus an 11 for Miden!!) scores. LOL.  Thank you for this test.
Have an viofo A129 duo on my windscreen for about 6 years now, been through 6 Aussie summers and its still kicking like the day i installed it.
You did a great job. To the point and a lot of comparisons.
i got the viofo a119 v2 mini after looking at dash cam forums.  they were definitely right!
I would love to see what fuel treatment is best (cleans injectors, heads, carbon build up ect).  Or truck break pads ( break dust, long lasting, heat crack, ect).    Love your videos and appreciate the videos!
I have 2 viofo A119 V3 on my car one for front and rear work great and really good video quality. I have a 64 gb card in each
Who talks like this?  I would have been kicked out of school..
Oh! Do this again with the winner against some of the high end cams, I’d like to see it against the garmin 😊
Your review came at an opportune time. I'm lookin at D-cams for my vehicle.  Thanks  🤠🤠
I’m not going to sit here and watch a 18 minute video about all these crappy video cameras! The best one and I know they now have one that’s  can see everything 360 around your vehicle and it’s a Vantrue video cameras
I must say this must have been a challenging video to put together! Well done and thanks! Shout out for your hard work!
Why would you get a dash cam instead of simply using a go pro as a dash cam powered by your car? Wouldn’t that give you better video?
Most of the 4k cameras are just 1080p but upscale to 4k which doesn’t get you any actual detail, that’s why the 1440p viofo can compete in all categories and win in most
Test idea. Smartwatches that claim to read blood pressure. I’ve had a few and very inaccurate. Maybe you can find an affordable one that would help people.
I think you should do a high end dashcam(2K and 4K) shootout for your next comparison.
Crucial points are definitely for the camera to have a screen. You will absolutely hate not having it and I would not want to have to connect it to my phone, just because it got tweaked a bit. Also, best to not have a SD provided. Wouldn't trust it anyway. Always purchase a quality SD card for fast writing and reading.
Sure hope that the townspeople didn't think Todd was casing their neighborhoods testing these things.  Never had a need for a dash cam, I just figured I would strap a GoPro to my head if I was worried about other driver BS.
I have a backup camera that also has front and rear dash cams. I use it on my dunp truck. No rearview mirror stock, the dump body blocks it so this was an amazing addition. Cant recall the name! Highly recommend though
No DDpai.
I just can't stop thinking how goofy it must've been to drive around with 11 dash cams mounted to your windshield lol
Thank you for making the video. You're an awesome dude!
How many hours does X GB card capture with each of these?
should add go pro for reference.
I personally consider no screen to be a benefit. I’ve never had one but I’d rather a slim one with no screen that can tuck up under the mirror and forget about it.
Awesome! Just ordered one. I used the link so I hope you get an affiliate bonus. I love project farm ❤❤❤
please do dial indicators, micrometers, and dial calipers!!!
As much as this guys voice makes me want to pull my hair out!!!! He does do a phenomenal job! Amazingly creative dude for sure. Just wish he’d settled that high pitched voice down. Seriously can’t watch half of the videos he does as the voice is so hard to stay with
Man, your gas and diesel prices are way better than here in PA. I’m envious. Great video!
Can you do a socket set review?
The coolcrazy looks like it applies some sort of anti aliasing to the image, making it 'seem' less pixelated, but it loses some of the picture details in the process. Easy to spot on its comparison shots. The coolcrazy's image of the license plate almost looks like it has lines missing.  That is an odd effect to apply directly to a camera.
0:21 YIKES to the left image😬😬😅💀
You gotta be careful when a product lists some crazy resolution like 4k for stuff like this. Sure, the actual resolution may (or may not) be whats stated, but the bigger player in that game is the sensor size of the camera,. It doesn't really matter if the camera is "4k" if the sensor itself is only the size of a pin head, that much compression (as shown in some of these cameras) makes it pretty much unusable
Thank you.  Very thorough and a lot of time and effort.  Much appreciated!
Live stream ?  Battery ? And password codes
Why is this guy talking in the female pitch range. Trying to be irritating ?
Do a video on the best canopy or best shop fan
Great video. I've been wanting exactly this video for a long time.   I wish you would have done a second passin the moving test at 45mph to see if quality degrades. You could have showcased this with only the top performing 3 or so. It could be that of all the cameras, only a couple are readable at 45+/50+mph   Thank you.
WhamBaamDashcam offers a 5% off of the Viofo camera, via their YT channel.
I use Vantage N5 in all 3 of my vehicles its a great camera
I've had your top pick installed in my cars for years. I have recorded many accidents involving other people and twice approved my innocence in a not at fault accident. That brand really is awesome!
How did you not test Vantrue???
10 years from now we will remember and be nostalgic for those gas prices
I literally wouldn't buy one because I was afraid of what they would look like and thats a process. Thank you for doing that. Now I might just get the viofo. I wouldn't trust another review site. Thanks!! Random review suggestion kitchen faucets
Great work as always.
2:47 I think you mixed wifi and 5G there
Thank you!!
Where is the vantrue? This is a $300 to $400 camera, is the standard with Uber drivers.  Please do some research before you just run out and buy a bunch of stuff and then review it!
Please do a follow up with some “higher end” cameras!  This is a really interesting topic. I’d also be interested in seeing how much power the cameras draw while in idle/parking mode. Could impact a car battery if left too long.
Should have thrown a higher end "VanTrue" unit into the mix. I have the N4 pro. Killer
I've been through so many garbage dashcams. Thank you for making this video! Only channel I can trust for unbiased reviews.
I needed a "dash cam" for my motorcycle. DJI Action 4 allows loop recording which was all I needed. Action Cams for the win
I have the red tiger and it does pretty good. I wonder if the high end dash cams are any better than the value ones.
they claim that this is the best dashcam review vid ever made , and i agree 🙂
I have a Viofo dash cam with the Starvis sensor and my footage doesn't look as clear as yours. What program are you using to review the footage and can you share the camera settings from the viofo?
I have 6 viofo dash cams from an old 119 to the newer dual f&R ones.  I use their motorcycle one on my daily ride.  All in Australian sun.  They all still work!
Long time VIOFO user here. Have them in both of my cars. Stellar cameras, I'm glad they performed well. My truck's VIOFO has a higher model that does have the rear camera, FYI. Was hit by a RAM driver last year, and had crystal clear footage downloaded to my phone to show to the cops before they even arrived. Saved my bacon with the insurance too.
I would like to see a review of higher end dashcams that come also with rear facing camera.  I have a Thinkware and it has been reliable.  I am wondering if other makes are superior in viewing license plates.
Lile everyone else, thank you!  Its impossible to find trustworthy dashcam testing... However, I'd LOVE to see another video with cameras up to $300.
I'd love to see another comparison with brands like Vantrue in it. My Vantrue has held out for years and been a life savor multiple times. Maybe a collab with WhamBamDashcam too!
Great reviews! I now have three different dash cams, and none of the ones you tested. Viofo, Rove, and Wolfbox are the only name brands I heard of in your samples. These are a must nowadays. When I had two dash cams, they saved me from paying out of pocket $2.5k in damages when I was rear-ended. The other driver denied she was involved, but I had her visible on dash cams. My last car was totaled when a driver tried to turn left in front of me. Unfortunately, I did not have a dash cam at that time.
Sony Starvis 2 sensor has completely changed the dashcam playing field, should have test with those uses Starvis 2 sensor.
All of my Garmins are trash, but unsure about the garbage on Amazon.
Great Job! Will need a Dash Cams Part 2 for higher end/big brand versions like Blackvue and Garmin
Long awaited video about dashcams.  Thank you.
The LTT dashcam roundup was objectively worthless compared to this. They claimed claims and created "tests" to "measure" the performance to rank them but never mentioned clarity at different distances which should have been the first thing they tested for. This guy ACTUAKLLY objectively ranked them... so thank you. Took 2 years for this. LTT needs to stop pushing crap. Their tests weren't actual tests, and they didn't account for meaningful tests like distance, facing sun etc. Which are obvious things people often use to decide what dashcam to get when they're going out of their way to watch someone rank them... this guy on the flip side totally rocks, he's answering questions I had after the LTT video years ago. I was in the market to buy one but haven't for all these years because their video didn't answer those questions. Maybe now I'll go buy one. I'm actually informed now it's great!
I have the Viofo. The GPS mount failed almost immediately but the camera itself is still running like a champ.
The Red Tiger is a great Dash Cam but after owning it for 18 months it’s beginning to become unreliable as it  glitches (shuts down, resets, loses display images) at random times.
Please test laser levels.  Preferably green lasers both inside and outside.
Sweet! I bought 4 A119s a couple years ago at Black Friday for $70 each. They're all still working great.
Oh good I have the vifo
Just wanted a picture of the test vehicle with all the cameras strapped to the dash at the same time😂
Easily, the best review of dash cams on youtube.
Ah, was hoping Vantrue would have made it into the test, just bought one but have yet to install it. I honestly don't think most of these "brand" names will be around in the next 5 years, they're bazar names for sure. Whatever happened to the big dogs in the camera industry (Nikon, Canon, Olympus, Sony, Pentax, Fujifilm, Panasonic, Leica, KODAK, Minolta etc.)? It sure would be nice to see what they could produce in this category, even if it cost more.
What is with the voice. The first part of the sentence is a lower voice, them holy crap it gets high pitched on the second part. How distracting.
I’m super impressed with VIOFO personally.
Any one have any insight in viofo's A119 mini with stravas 2 IMX675 sensor vs the A119 v3 (one in this video) with the stavas IMX335 sensor?
Thank you!! I watch a popular dashcam channel that recommends the Viofo brands in two models, the one you tested being the lower cost. I always wondered about the recommendation now I've seen a good test to show it!
Thanks!
Now we just need to get Todd a ProjectFarm vanity plate for the next round of tests!
What about BlackVue?
I have owned a nexar beam for over 5 years and I love it great image quality and the app makes it easy to view the videos right away , great customer service and it hasn’t given me any issues , from -40 degrees Celsius to +40 works great still
You needed to test a car passing you while both vehicles in motion. This is the MOST common scenario that occurs when video is needed.
car covers
Yes! Mine died a few months ago I need another one
I purchased the VIOFO A229 for the dual channel. Have yet to set up the rear but I love the main camera.
Love the reviews. Could you do one on outside yard lights electric and solar ones.
Viofo A229 pro is the best but expensive. Not sure about their new model.
Awesome job!  Dash cams are a must and should be standard!
Appropriate timing since I am in the market for a dash cam as of this week lol. It is good to see them in action and get some confirmation of a couple of the ones I am looking at being decent.
a major feature that needs testing is if the cameras use an internal battery to finish powering off when power is cutout OR they use a capacitor.  Basically, any dashcam using internal battery will fail as the heat and cold weather will kill the battery life.  Capacitors however, have been surviving the brutal Houston weather.
This was very difficult to listen to the way you inexplicably spoke via two different mics. That seems hard to edit and strangely unnecessary but thanks for the review.
Please shut up and discontinued talking
Did you check settings for Auto Aperture, Contrast, Brightness?  Some do better with those off.
I never thought in a million years that you would test dashcams. Possibly you could test Cable Modems for upload and download speed, ease of set up, Wi-Fi routers, Wi-Fi extenders and hard wired routers (both managed and unmanaged) in the future. Thank you!
Thank you...
The pruveeo had more cameras, so the quality of the cameras will be worse.
If you start showing the 'Quitks and features', you could give them a "Doug Score". THIS...
I use my dji action 4 on a 20min loop, works for me
The short answer is buy a Viofo. Yes, they're more expensive, but they're worth it. Better all around performance day and night than anything else on the market. And that's what you buy a camera for: to be able to positively identify someone who hit you. If you can't read their plates, the camera is useless.  They will also last longer because they use a capacitor instead of a rechargeable battery.  We all know rechargeables lose performance the more you use them. They die even faster when subjected to extreme heat and cold like in a car parked outside. Capacitors are unaffected by temperature or frequency of use.
E-what??? 😂
Wish you had Blackvue cameras in the mix. Also should have tested the cameras in heat, cars get hot in the summer and kills a lot of cheaper cameras.
Thanks. This is a product I'm still searching for.  Get frustrated trying to decide. The Viofo does look decent for a midrange price.  That Miden is pretty much a joke
Curious what accessories exist for the cameras that might impact the performance. For example I know the Rove has a polarized screw on lens accessory that makes a big difference. The mounting options for some cameras vary too and that limits options for some.
Best water leak sensors for basement and sinks?
I bought the red tiger last week. Looks like I picked right
Best house/well hard water filters?
This will be one of the few products you test where the cost will reflect quality pretty much directly.
Such a time like this for buying a dash cam. Thank you Project Farm
I have the Red Tiger dash cam. I bought it about a year ago. Glad to see that I made a good choice.
I think you live within an hour of me. Congrats!
Rove r2 with a filter cap has zero issues from my practice. Plus they have deals on them snagging them for roughly $74. Even after seeing this id still buy another rove r2
Body cams next?
These are some real bottom of the barrel cams.
$2.69 a gallon ?....Costs  $40 more a tank full here in Commiefornia...
viofo now $99 after your video
You should test out crayons vs penetrating fluid!
I have a REDTIGER and I agree it’s good enough for me though.
What about the software getting the video from your camera to your computer
Love your channel but the Pelsee P12 Pro Max is by far the best. The rear view mirror is the screen and it records front and back on loop. But it's $200.
What about motorcycle usability?
This dashcam test was a great idea.👌 AAA and Consumers Report should do a comprehensive test also. Well done.👍
Thanks. I hope you make one of this for motorcycle dashcam in the near future.
VIOFO offers 2 ch and 3 ch options with rear and cabin cameras
You have the most annoying voice and cadence to your voice of anyone I've ever heard absolutely unbearable and cringe.
You need to do more research on these. Then resell them
This was a great and most needed video. Thanks a million for finding the best more affordable cameras out there. I personally don't like driving without a camera rolling .
Just for info here. In my experience, I had a Viofo, nice unit, I did my homework, switched to a Garmin. The Garmin is WAY easier to use and setup. Picture quality is better also, and it will record either by button, shock like in an accident, or best of all, by voice activation!!! I’ve had a few times I see an accident or something that’s needs recording for record like for someone else’s accident and I just tell it to record.
I got Mr giraffe a Viofo last Christmas & it’s worked well.   Even though it was just a 1 channel it still had ports to add in two more cameras. Resolution has been good - 2k for low light, but even in normal daylight/overcast it’s pretty good.   I’m not ready to upgrade my own dash cam yet but when I do, this is what I’m going with.
The Viofo A129 comes with the rear facing camera for about $170. I love mine!
I'd think that ability to read license plates is more valuable than reading street signs,and gas station signs.
*camera proceeds to talk in charlie brown's adults way* "and the s300 in made in china"
Great in-depth analysis just can’t stand how you keep repeating the exact same things over and over again
THANK YOU for this one Mr Farm. Appreciate it very much.
I have a viofo and it has done me well. Consistently on tests, viofo has been outperforming the competition for years. & yes, they do offer a rear dash cam as well as a driver facing dashcam options.
How about a review on quality brand name dash cams like Garmin etc instead of chinese branded ones
video idea  - hidden camera detectors
Decent vid - the inclusion of "this one was made in China" was questionable.... Uhh like 95% of tech products, they're ALL made in China. And yes, almost every dashcam is absolute garbage. A 1 min Youtube Short telling people which one/s are actually worth buying  would be great, and maybe include "this cheap one performs just as well as these two others that are 20x the price. Argh maybe I just  hate dashcams - they're all sh*t and Amazon has 8000 of them
I've had a Viofo for about a year, based on another youtuber recommendation. My only complaint is it seems to struggle to maintain GPL lock and is constantly beeping a warning about it.   PS - I've gotten fuel at that Cenex on Shug Ave. 😁
PF nailed it not buying any of these but would be interested in a follow up on higher quality with a $K front and rear camera!
One thing I'd REALLY like to see in Dashcam tests is "does dropping power cause clip corruption", because losing power is something that can totally happen in an accident, when you need the dashcam the most.  See also @VortexRadar
BlackVue options? Or just not in the appropriate price range?
Those are quite the *Peculiar* testing locations that you're using! 😆
Yeah officer we got this guy who just keeps driving through this intersection over and over I think he might be drunk or lost.
Yes! Another video that affects my life, you’re THE GOAT.
I bought Rove. Too late to see this video. Another factor to consider is the App
I work with dashcams. If you can hardly see a plate stationary, forget it while moving.  Need 1440 minimum to really see a moving plate at almost any speed. 60fps helps a lot as well.
I still love my Garmin Dash Cam 67W, 1440p and extra-wide 180-degree for the front and the Mini 3 for my rear cam
Have actually used Rove a decade ago, at the time it was top of the line but it seems to be middle road now in terms of quality.  I have a Vantrue 1440p in two of my cars and I just put a Viofo mini2 in the 300zx and the image quality at night is... mind blowing compared to my Vantrue units. Audio quality is also top notch. I was pleasantly surprised at its pricepoint to given my Vantrue S2 Pro was 250? The Viofo Mini2 was 115 on sale... Likely moving to Viofo in my other cars too.
We got some prick gamewardens here i need one of these.
Thanks for another great video! I think you live out by my grandmother and uncle. If I see the winnebago I'm going to wave like a little kid haha
Mickey mouse voice 😅
Too bad the Garmin Mini II wasn't included. I just installed  mine and was curious how it would compare. Great comparison, thank you!
One very important aspect is the mounting,. I live in hot climate and i always chose a camara that i can easily remove from the windshield to protect from the sun exposure. The plastic in some of thoses cameras will bend and wrap due the hot weather. Thanks for a helpful video.
I got a Viofo A119 when I got my truck last year and it's been the best camera I've had hands down; it's good to see that my purchase was warranted for sure!
I feel _almost_ disappointed with this review. Not for its _lack_ of thoroughness — the content meets previously-established standards for this channel, nothing out of the ordinary, but my concern stems from not testing known-compatible configurations using a generic single-board computer like the Raspberry Pi 4. It would had been the most expensive solution, requiring a few 3D prints and some dinking around in Raspbian (its own recommended Debian GNU / Linux) so I understand its exclusion.  If there is a sequel for cameras attached to an SBC, Raspbian might be what Raspberry Pi Foundation _expects_ most people to use with their hardware, but DietPi is also _very often_ a specific-purpose lightweight ARM Debian system which may have high circulation due to some guides on this platform using it, as well.
Aaaaaaaannnndd it’s sold out 😅
Great test, as usual, but wait, why 70mai brand is not included in the test? Viofo and 70mai are pretty much long-standing golden standard in DVR.
no nextbase?
Why is he always yelling at me? 📢
I think this is more of a flex with those gas prices, it’s like $4.50 for unleaded in CA
A dashcam can literally save your livelihood. Get one!
that viofo is the only one that lives up to its "specs"
I’ve been waiting for this review. LTT did one around a year or so ago, but it wasn’t done in a way that satisfied me. I know the majority of these tests are subjective, but this video was put together better imo.   Thank you again, Project Farm.
Try the next time the Viofo A229 Pro, it will destroy your competition. Yeah, expensive 👊 but it works very well
Anyone else think he should be a guest announcer on Jelle's Marble Runs?
Damnit, man, stay out of my search history!!!
for my hotrods and motorcycle stuff and vacations is the insta360... otherwise the black vue and Vantrue are KING but im saying this before i watch the video... lets see. wish he tested real brands not cheep amazon junk. BUT i cant fault him for not trying 20 grand worth of stuff!
I've been meaning to ask, how fast do you speed up your audio when doing videos? Keep up the great work
One more cam that you should look at, though it stretches the budget some more (they have gone on sale and dipped into your price range), is the Cansonic Ultra Dash Z3+. It's been discovered that the ability to reliably capture license plates isn't so much about the resolution of the camera or even the frame rate, but its lenses' ability to reach out and get a good look. The Ultra Dash Z3 and Z3+ have a wide angle lens *and* a telephoto lens. The wide angle captures a much broader image like your standard dash cam, but the telephoto gives excellent, very visible focus on license plates (honestly I think you could have a cam with just a telephoto and it would be fine, but it is focused further down the road and will probably miss close up incidents.  If you want to see some great reviews with demonstrations of this, take a look at Vortex Radar's channel.
The inexpensive Viofo is the only real dashcam in the test.  The rest are junk.  I understand you buy all your own items for testing, and Good dashcams' are very expensive.  Image quality is just the tip of the iceberg.  Do any of these have parking mode?  Which ones have GPS Speed and location? Which ones record sound?  Which have adjustable impact / glass break detection? Can any of these notify your phone if your car is hit while parked?  Any fool can buy a $50 dollar dash cam and most fools do.  A more valuable test would be of dash cams starting at $200 and up.  Cars and trucks are very expensive - good quality dash cams are too.
VIOFO has been a well know good dashcam brand for a while now. Great comparrison video!
I never expected to get a video that reinforced my decision from earlier this year. nice comparison video!
Thank you! My old dash cam isn't working reliably anymore, but the reviewer who I trusted previously has stopped making dash cam reviews. Now I have someone else I trust who can give a reliable review!
Never knew about these dash cams before now. Thanks for this excellent product review video PF! I always come away knowing where to spend my hard earned money after watching your reviews! 👍👍
I’ve had a couple VIOFO cameras in multiple vehicles in the last few years. By far the best cheap option out there. A habit that any of you should try to have is to read information out loud to your camera when it happens. Example, Florida plate ABC123, silver Toyota Carolla, white male mid 30’s.  This can help significantly if someone decides to run after hitting you
Great video as usual! What about doing one on dry film lubricant or tweezers?
I've been looking for years for a dashcam system with cameras that are separate from the main body of the unit.  Tiny cameras could be hidden all over the vehicle while the brain-box is locked away in the trunk or some other secure location.  Vehicles could have protection similar to an airliner's "black box", and why not?  For the price of many new cars you could easily buy a pretty decent airplane!
I notice you're using the marketing dimensions at 17:12 but 2.5K is the same as 1440p. 2560x1440. At some point, the marketing switched from counting the vertical pixels to counting the horizontal ones. 1080p (1920x1080) is sometimes referred to as 2K.
Garmin dashcams are the best ones
Bought a Rexing V1 back in 2019 and it is hands down the best one I've seen in my circle of friends.
Why does the narrator's voice go up one entire octave at the end of each sentence?
great job
Weirdly, why doesn't established electronics makers ie: Sony, Pioneer, Samsung etc, make dashcams?? BTW, thank you for this video. 👍👍
This was exactly what I needed, thank you. That’s a solid review!
I have a Viofo A229 plus, has a front and rear camera. Great quality images. If you're buying a dash camera don't skimp and get a quality one. Great review in this video.
Thanks!!!!
Sounds like a bad infomercial.  Couldn't take the high voice and fast talking
Viofo has a model with a rear facing camera (and parking mode).
You get what you pay for.  The Vantrue N4Pro SMOKES all of these. Worth every dollar extra.
The Most Important Test is which one still function correctly after 1 year of daily use. you have no idea how cheap some of the dash cam are made. some die outright. others stop recording or have a corrupt video capture. some will reset to default settings. heat from baking in the sun and below freezing will dramatically effect its function. had a dash car that wouldn't turn on when temps were below 20f. had one that lcd screen broke will baking in the sun on my windshield.
The voice fluctuation mid sentence, every sentence, is enchanting, and also it makes me wanna blow my brains out.  If i'm dead after writing this dumb comment, it's probably your fault.
Viofo is 2 for 2 now, as it also was the best performing in the video by LTT.  Their battery of test was a lot smaller tho, so having you as confirmation gave me more confidence to their result! Thank you for your hard work!
Where's? 70mai DDPAI AZDOME  Transcend
I wish you used blackvue  and thinkware flagship  but nice work
I'd love to see you do a test on portable mics!
You running all the dashcams at once to that stop sign lol, could imagine seeing a bunch in somebody's windshield lol
I have been looking for a dash cam for years. But was always skeptical. Great review! 🤌🤌🙏
Thank you for the video. You just helped me make my decision.
Great video
Was hoping to see one of the Blackvue’s on the list, wanted to see how it stepped up at its price point
lol you probly looked like a loon driving down the road with all these dash cams on your windshield xD
May I suggest oscillating fans and/or box fans?
The Sony Starvis sensor found in the Viofo is good,thankfully the camera manufacturer seems to be using it properly.
LEGIBLE. "Readable" isn't a word, man.. come on.
I have the Viofo A119 for 2 years now. No complaints, still going strong! Scotty Kilmer recommended it 🙂
Viofo owner ✋ and proud. Also in high temperature summer viofo has no issues.
If i was the owner of MIDEN, I would be ashamed of my product fr
Can you do a review of action cams used as drive cams? Such as Gopro, Akaso, and afew other brands less expensive as gopro.  Thank you.
Very nice video. I wish you can throw in the venture in there.
Great video
Crikey, here in Orkney Scotland UK, 1 litre of diesel is about £1.50, your so luck with your fuel prices.
You need to test higher-priced brands and test the lower price ones in a hot car for 2 weeks. I discovered that cheaper brands fail quickly if left in a hot car.
Ya gotta love how the Amazon sellers scramble to alter pricing once farm has posted a video. Some cheaper, but most increase the price if the review was favorable.  RedTiger from $100 to $129 for instance
Dude! You were pronouncing Midden wrong.
My Garmin is pretty good at about GB£60 on offer so I'll stick with that. It's a 7/10 based on the tests done here.
I've had the Red Tiger in my car for several years now and it's been flawless.  I wanted to buy another mount and power cable for my truck so I could move the camera back and forth between the two vehicles.  At the time, they didn't sell these items separately but sent them to me free of charge!  They've been great to deal with and I will likely buy another camera soon. That said, the Viofo looks promising.
test some real name brands like kenwood, rexing, thinkware etc
What internals do they use?   I read last year that most the china cameras use the same internals with different plastic exteriors.  ???
I've been running Viofo cameras for years in my cars and they are excellent. Great price for the performance. I always recommend them to friends and family.
The sheer amount of editing that had to go into this video must be wild. Thanks for your hard work!
I bought the Viofo two years ago and purchased the CPL filter made for it and that helps a little.  I was not impressed with any of the dash cams available at the time and the Viofo seemed the worst bad.  Two years later and there still doesn't seem to be anything much better.
Pretty sure not much has changed, LTT did a similar video and I believe his conclusions were the same. I’ve been looking after a bad road rage incident with another driver and had both the red tiger and viofo in my cart…so I still can’t make up my mind lol
I don’t know how you do it but I’m not complaining. Every time I start looking at something to buy you release a video on that particular thing.
Very useful info. Audio is interesting. I'm sure you're not on drugs but your bizarre audio segment stitching makes it sound like you are. At least it's high energy but becomes to hard to listen after 10 minutes.
I have a Rexing M2 in my van. Straps to the rear view mirror, has a rear view with a cord that actually reaches from the unit across the roof, down the side post and out to the bumper, mounted underneath. Touch screen, all kinds of settings I don't use. Real decent unit. Was about $160 I think at Best Buy.
The Truth About Made In China Dash Cams!
After 4 cheap cams I finally bought a Viofo 129 (same as the 119, but has a rear cam), it is so much better than the cheap ones. I prolly spent more on the cheap ones than just buying a good one. Buy once cry once. Thanks for the videos!
I have a ThinkWare 750. I pay $250 for it and its been worth ever penny. I've had it for 7 or 8 years. Its still working, the hot summers and cold winters of Salt Lake City hasn't ruined it like my last cheap dash cam. I did recently put in a new SD card, I didnt know they could go bad. I've been lucky no to have been in a accident since getting my dash cam, buy have recorded a few others getting into accidents. Videos on my channel, one is at night and one during the day. I tell everyone its the best thing I have ever bought for a vehicle.
My Viofo came with a rear camera. I think I paid around 80 USD for it. Amazing Cam. My only problem, every couple weeks it beeps and prompts a "SD card format"
You missed the Miofive with built-in storage and it has a very good sensor.   I've tried many cameras, the best one is an actual camera or one with a bigger sensor, and then the storage is an issue.  I also have a strong sound system, any SD card storage, and cheap cameras broken from bass vibrations with unreadable ad cards after damage.
Nice review 😊
Great test but you missed one very important test. These cameras are subject to very high temperatures when mounted up by the rear view mirror in direct sunlight. Here in Florida I have had a few dash cams fail because of this. I'd like to know which of these can withstand high temps here in Florida.
Could you do a wolfbox g900 review?
I've been using the VIOFO A129 Pro 4K for about 4 years now and it's been great, I even purchased a second mount and I just swop it around depending on the car I drive.
Planning to purchase a dash cam for my Sun. Your research is thorough and extremely helpful. Thank you sir. 📸
I had been looking at the Viofo for a while. You pushed me off the fence :)
Thank you for this. My friend recently got rear ended, and the driver was claiming he got rear ended too, but the rear camera caught him texting while driving with no one hitting him.  I'll be looking into the Viofo.  You mentioned you'd rather install separate dash cam for the rear: is the rear cams that bad in quality?
Thank you! I’ve been in the market for a dash cam, but it was hard to pick among the wide selection and manufacturers claims. You made it easy.
Best radar detector under $300 , I have no idea How would you even test it but it’s a cool video idea😅
Police officer - You know why I pulled you over...wait...what's with all the dash cams?
I bought the Vantrue Nexus N5 Dashcam. A great value at $375 with the micro card. 4 cameras and audio records inside the can with WiFi on your phone. I would not buy another brand of dashcams. But, Thanks Ozzie!
Just want to say that next time, you should check out the 70mai A810. I think it's quite underrated. App could benefit from more development, but the quality and features are up there.
Thank you for your time.  This review helps a lot !!!!
Amazing video!! I really wish you had tested BlackVue cameras, though... :)
I finally figured out who you sound like! A Horse race announcer… “we have Redbox on the right and coolframe on the left….” And it’s Redbox by a nose! LOL
My cheapo cell phone records better than all of these with completely adjustable manual settings like iso, and exposure lol
As always s a great review! Buying  viofo right now, thank you !
finally a good dashcam video! (first one on of youtube it seems) Would be neat to have a baseline of something like an older iPhone camera or some budget samsung phone, gives more context for some of the tests like the into the sunset stopsign and licence plate readability distance. (I use a budget samsung phone and I'm 100% sure some of these dashcams out preformed it in almost all aspects)
The reason why so many lf them have very similar image quality is that there are only a couple camera sensor suppliers that all these different brands use. Basically they all have the same hardware, just different software and build quality
I have the generation before the viofo you tested and it seems to do pretty good.
It’s crazy that these cameras are claiming 4k and still being grainy
Thank you for your valuable, honest and informative testing.
THANK YOU
Can you do a premium dashcam comparison?  These are all so cheap/poor quality I wouldn’t even consider them. I have a Viofo the experience owning it has left me wishing I had gotten something nicer.
Thank you for this video. I am shopping for a dashcam under $200. And the Cool Crazy and Viofo seem the best overall, especially if I can add a second camera to the viofo. These companies may have higher level dashcams that perform better for an additional cost, but this video gives a good idea what brands seem to be better.
I bought the Red Tiger for my son’s car because he drives 90 miles round trip to college 5 days a week. I couldn’t be happier with the ease of installation for both front and rear cameras.
Thanks for the info. I am replacing my 4 year old 1080P front dash cam. I'm buying the Redtiger because it is 4K & has a rear camera, GPS & a 32GB card included.
Thank you for making this
When you have the time and desire, I would like for you to test better quality dash cams in the $150-$400 price range.  I would hope for better quality recordings.  You will find out for us.  Thanks!
I hope your thumb is feeling better.
Very thorough, thank you for the hard work.
One important issue with dashcams is how they handle corrupted SD card. Many just silently stop recording. You don’t want to discover that after an accident.
Purchased a Viofo almost 4 years ago and absolutely loved the quality it provided! Really cool to see that I made the right choice back then!
WTF, is someone grabbing you by the nuts!!!!!!!!!!!
Love to see the tests! Just to make sure it's correct, on the wolfbox night test, you said 4th stopping point but the edit made it appear to be the third?   Thanks as always!
I wish you could review the ones that Costco sells. The reason why is because a product like this, even if you owned a dash cam that Costco sells, you'd be able to return this even up to 10 years. I LOVE Costco for the very reason.
thank you for the awesome review
Up next, band aid reviews.
Having wanted a dash cam for years I finally got one for Christmas, 2024. I sent the first one back, because it cannot be easily removed. After buying another brand, my heart sunk when I saw you were doing an in depth comparison. Well, we did okay, we got the Red Tiger that mounts with a suction cup and has the rear camera as well. So far, I am very happy. Thanks for taking the time to compare all these models.
No Vantrue?  I'm not an expert, but this brand has been touted elsewhere as the leader in this category ....
Back to the Future - OutaTime!
Thank you @Project Farm
I'm more interested how they come up with these stupid names? Seems they just throw darts at the English alphabet.
i have the viofo a119 mini v2. no issues for a year works like a dream
You need to include more Starvis 2 dashcam. The higher end ones
I bought a VIOFO years ago. I’m still very happy with it. Great video, thank you
For me, the resolution and quality of image is less important than the reliability of the camera. Even though it's subjective, it would have been nice to hear your thoughts on which one was the easiest to use and which camera hardware seemed to be best quality.
crazy to see that things haven't changed much since the ltt video YEARS ago. Viofo still on top.
Viofo is the best!
What a lot of people dont realize is resolution means almost nothing. It's all about the camera sensor. Viofo is one of the only dash cams to use the Sony Starvis and Starvis 2.
You should have also compared the 70mai A500 it could be a good competitor for the vifo and I think it very popular in most countries
Finaaallly
We have to know.... Did you have all those dashcams on at one time while drive testing 😂
Thank you, Todd!
Best tests as always !!!
would love to see you test the new type 360 rotating dash cams , theres a cheap version 360 dash cam and expensive versions.
Great video! I don't always watch, but whenever I'm looking to purchase anything it's cool to see you've done all the leg work. And since I can honestly say I trust your reviews, I want to suggest an evaluation into an Outdoor Home CCTV. I've been looking for one for some time and haven't been able to iron out which would be the best. Again thanks for the videos!
No Thinkware or Blackvue?😢😢😢
I got my girl the Red Tiger and that thing is great for the price.  And I'm amazed at your reviews. Just the sheer amount of time you and your team put into testing is, well................VERY IMPRESSIVE. Thank you, and keep them coming.
Man, I'm so thankful other people waste money to test crap like this for us all.  I hope you make your money back on this video sir, well done! 🫡
Had Viofo v3 dash cam no issues recommend this time I will go with redtiger because price is right. Thank you for a great review. Please review water filters if you have time.
Great job, thanks!
Just want to say thank bro, you been able to help me decide on multiple things through the years. From oil , to chainsaws, and now cameras . Thanks
YESSS! THIS IS THE ONE I REQUESTED A WHILE AGO! THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THIS!
What happened to your voice man? Sounds so much more high pitch. Honest question just sounds different.
This is great for picture quality, but I've found problems with crashing on long trips, or not turning on properly, not looping properly, generally needing babysitting and not taking video when it's most important. I'd like to see a road-trip test.
Get a Viofo with a Sony Starvis 2 sensor.   This video shows how bad the cheap cameras are.
Please do one for $100 and up.
I got the Arifayz like 5 months ago because I saw some user footage on a review. Way better than my previous one. That one started getting blurry when the UV filter in the lens started bubbling. Very impressed with the Coolcrazy.
I used the Viofo 129 plus with a good lens and 120 fps shooting is just great, but this camera has a bug, at night, while driving, this camera goes into standby mode with a motion detector and just doesn't shoot the ride, I contacted the technical support many times and was told that I could buy a newer camera. So I abandoned the Viofo brand.
It's performing 99 cents better. 😂😂😂
Another great video.  I love the comparison charts and the advice at the end.  Thank you for all that you do.
All this is trash. You have an iPhone don’t you?
I love it when you said about one of the cams "...it really does look this bad." - LOL!!!!! Once again, awesome review!!!!
I Love you,  We all love your videos..... Please  Please Please slow down your speech delivery to us by 10% or so.... This is not a race... Please, as a friend used to say to me ( in one long word )   "takeiteasy".  Peace  SBF
Garmin dashcam, omitted on this one, weird.
I was JUST looking thru amazon for a dash cam for my other half. THANK YOU!!! Going with one that's 4k and a combination of cheap and decent.
Hello 911: yeah, i got this guy driving around constantly at Chadwick and 243!
Some of those usb ports are classics at this point, didn't know they made mini USB anymore.  I know it's unlikely but i was wondering if the camera with a claimed higher resolution might have been recording at a lower setting for some reason?
I purchased a viofo dash cam about 4.5 years ago for my semi truck. It's still on the windshield working like a champ. I never had one issue. What a great product.
There's something incredibly relieving knowing I chose right when buying my dashcams 3 years ago.
Yes, I've been waiting for this one!
1:20 bro is bleeding unpacking all those cheap chinese dashcams. 😂
Excellent information. But, sheesh. I had to mute it two minutes in.
Screw the cams video I want the ones with the speed recording ability so I can use it in traffic court! 1:24
I've seen a LOT of dash cam reviews, likely more than any other product category.  This was an excellent review and matches my understanding of the industry currently. I have viofo cams for me and my family.
Anyone else use RayBan Meta Glasses as a “dash cam” lol I just use mine to capture minute long footage of nice driving scenery and when someone is driving erratic and stuff
One factor for me:  The mounting hardware on some cameras will not keep the camera in place in an accident.  I have the Red Tiger, and the clarity is great, but the mounting is flimsy.
Undoubtably the best product reviewer on YouTube, thank you Project Farm.
I bought mine a long  time ago.  It was almost 200.bucks.   It's pretty good for sure . But now I need to compare..   It suction cups  to tue windshield.  ..😊   Interesting subject for sure.. Good job testing them out..
Lifehackster, who you referenced in this video had an interesting issue with his Viofo dashcam. His wife was in an accident and the Viofo stopped recording video but continued to record audio, iirc. So he added another test to his dashcam reviews to include how well the dashcam handles shock to the unit while recording.   I also have a Viofo in one of my vehicles and it’s been fine, even when I had an accident when someone ran a stop sign. Hard to know if Lifehackster’s unit was an abberation or what.
Thank you so much!
Excellent info, as always, on so many products we actually are interested in buying and using.
Heat is a widespread pervasive problem, which causes malfunctions with many dash camera models.  The people in Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, and Southern California, would greatly benefit if you heat tested the next batch of dash cameras. If the camera doesn’t work during the daylight hours 9 months out of the year, it's not much good. Thank you.
I was literally looking at dash cans earlier today trying to decide which one to buy, thank you for the assistance.
Now you need to do the 300 dollar models. The vantrue nexus models are unparalleled
I always go to the channel (The hookup) for dash cam reviews.
I have a garmin dashcam 47. Wishing I had bought the viofo after seeing this, especially considering the price of the garmin. Might buy the viofo and put the garmin in my wife's car
From personal experience. If the other driver doesn't run. You don't need that perfect of an image. Just to tell what color traffic lights are and who was at fault.
I just ordered one, never would've if it wasnt for this review. I always thought about getting one  too.
Come for the no bull info, and enjoy a laugh at the brand names!!!!
The Truth About Chinese Dashcams.
i use my phone and torquescan obd2...it shows front and rear...gps speed car speed rpm and every other sensor ur car has like when u hit the brakes...accel pedal...steering angle...speed of each wheel...everything...everyone should own a obd2 scanner
Thanks for the review but I was hoping for reviews of dash cams from brands I've heard of before and can be purchased from best buy or wallyworld.
Thanks
Great Tests!❤
We’re all waiting to hear “we’re gonna test that” when you finally put Valvoline restore and protect to the test
Great little dash cam comparison.  It would have been ideal to have 1 model from each of the biggest companies, like Garmin, ThinkWare, and BlackVue to see how these cheap models compared to the so called "best" brands
OOOOOOOOOOHHH SHIT MY BOY
Would love to see how the top 3 stack up against something like an expensive garmin to see if the added cost is worth it or if the cheaper option is just as good
I can attest the quality of Viofo dashcams, nothing can really touch them and they are well worth the price. I personally run the viofo a229 which has the front and rear cameras, they look amazing especially if you get the viofo cpl polarizing lens.
You get what you pay for honestly. I just spent $500 on Thinkware U3000 and nothing touches it.
I heard 70mai cameras are good. Would love to see this camera in another dash cam review. Feel there should be another round of dash cam reviews since dash cams are extremely important in todays society, and having a good one can be vital.
Thank you for all of your hard work.
Shame you didn’t try one of the the TYPE S ones that I got from Costco. I think it’s good, but it would have been nice to compare
The way he speaks makes me not wanna watch the video… Just speak like a normal person
miden has a built in mexico filter xd
Garmin might be interesting to be included.
Ultra sonic cleaners. Hope you can review.✌
Hell nah. 20 dollar be 1080 30 fps at fisheye or wide view.
Finally a dashcam review I can trust
Nice one, i used viofo for about 3-4 years now. All off my family members also have the same. No one had a problem yet. 🎉 Great video as always.
I have a Viofo a129 (with rear cam) that I've been pretty happy with. Only issue is it seems to struggle with cold weather and sometimes doesn't turn on for the first few minutes of my drive.
70mai is noticeably missing from this comparison.  They make one of the best cheap options with a higher end sensor. They actually make their own stuff over rebranding the same internals.  A comparison between these nonsense companies that won't exist 6 months from now is less valuable
First of all dude I'm not buying a dash cam to read street signs    I'm buying a dash cam to show who is at fault in the accident if you can not read a street sign you don't need to be driving same with a license plat
Okay now do American made high end 1-5 camera systems
I'm a very happy Red Tiger owner. Fantastic content! Thanks, Todd!
Viofo has always been the best dashcam hands down. The a229 pro is currently the best dashcan money can buy and its only around 250$ but makes the 1500$ dashcams look like toys. Oh and its front rear and interior cameras. Pricing is diff if you do 1ch, 2ch or 3ch
I've been hearing good things about these Viofo cameras for a while. I have a YI camera in my car and I'm very impressed with it, both in terms of clarity and ease of downloading videos. Unfortunately they don't make it with an English menu any more
Great review!
I want the least expensive one that does not suck
I have a Viofo A119 from 2016, it's been in 3 different cars, killed an SD card and still chugs along. MN car, so as low as -35 and interior temps on a summer day up close to 150. it wins, my dad has had like half a dozen cheapies to my one $100 camera.
NO NONSENSE TEST VIDEO. GET IT DONE QUICKLY. FIRST PLACE I COME WHEN I WANT TO BUY SOMETHING. 👍
THANK YOU so much for making this, I love your comparisons.
Unmatched clarity doesn't mean a good thing. The clarity could still be really bad, the advertising still correct because it's Unmatched lol
Great job!!
Theyre all disappointing with the tech we hav; none use the best sensors, especially not to their potential.
I’ve been happy with a Nextbase 422. 1440@30fps. Sometime needs a minute to turn on in cold northeast temps. I’ve heard good things about Nextbase and Viofo brands.
Video quality is one aspect, but if you read updated reviews, the most common complaint is that the camera just died especially when very hot or cold. For that reason, I bought a Garmin because I've had good luck with their GPS units left in the windshield in all kinds of temperatures.
Excellent product evaluation under typical driving conditions.  The manufacturers give out tech specs and features like eye candy.  Nothing like real world product comparisons. I bought a RedTiger and really like the feature rich iPhone/dash cam.  The video clarity is amazing, parking mode is handy and the dash cam can be setup through the phone.  Tiny PIP of the rear view helps with aiming the rear cam.   Thanks for doing this dash cam review.
I've been waiting to buy a Dashcam until you did a video on it!, amazing test man!
I love the way you say digital
This video is very Peculiar!
Bagged vs bagless vacuums!
I was expecting Rove to do well but only got 5th. I put Viofo as my next wish list
Can you do higher end dashcam testing to see if it’s worth spending the $400 to $800 on a dash cam. For example, Vantrue E360 vs Nextbase iQ 4K
Excellent review - I just purchased the VIOFO A119 V3. Thankyou for all your work to make my decision very easy. Love your work!
I would like to see how the nexar beam does in this competition, I've had one for about 3 years and it just gave out last week but support has agreed to replace it.
Great info!
I live in coastal South Carolina, where the temperature and humidity are higher than average.  I've been using a Vantrue N4 for years.  It has saved me in and accident and caused an officer to lose his job.
thiss is the worse vide you have made.. thgere are better dash cam out there.
plz test the vortex auto detailing airguns. there is high end and low end but they all look the same. love ur channel
Most dash cams use the same couple of sensors.
I've been looking at dashcams for some time now and can't decide. Thank you for the video, but why not a Garmin camera? Especially the recent 4K Garmin dashcam?
is it me or is this guys voice pissing anyone else off??? Im just skipping around in the video and listening him for 5 seconds is way too long... I never thought I'd wanna stomp a mudhole in a stranger until just now
Really hope that you include the 70mai. A800 or A810 seem really good.
For budget dash cams, all the channels that deal with this stuff have been suggesting the Viofo for years.
Could you review those precision electric screwdrivers? That would be pretty neat. Thanks!
I've had the viofo a120 and it's paid for itself thousands of times over.
Good rec
So many random brands.....crazy.
Awesome, I've been wanting to get myself and the wife dashcams for awhile.
First comment on this channel that I've watche for years. I'm so glad you did this simple, yet self explaining real world test. I needs some cams, so this cam test just in time. Kudos.!
👍 I also found the VIOFO A119 V3 to be the best overall Dashcam choice. Thank you!
Great video. As many people pointed out, Viofo is the best option if all you need is a single front camera.
Another good video 👍🏻
I really appreciate the video. I am in the market for a dash cam. I’d like to see a shootout with the next price level up. Maybe $200?
Omg your voice is ANNOYING. Quit yell-talking. You sound like a robot. Every sentence you use the same inflection pattern and cadence. Find someone else to narrate your videos. Jesus you sound annoying. Nice BANDAIDS.
Sadly, the Viofo you tested (A119) has been on the market for NINE YEARS. The 3rd revision of the A119 costs $61.99 on Amazon.  The completely redesigned A119 Mini 2, which was released 2 years ago, costs $115 on Amazon, and is far superior camera to the outdated model you tested.
If you want a Viofo with front and rear, the A129 (1440p front, 1080p rear) is not much more than the A119 tested.  For just under $200 you can get the A229 Plus (1440p front and rear).  For just under $300 you can get the A229 Pro Duo (4k front, 1440 rear). This one has some problems running if it's too hot (e.g. after being in a car parked in the sun). So you may want to opt for the A229 Plus instead if you live in the south or desert regions.
Fantastic! I was waiting for a comparison vid of some of these dash cams...Huge Thanks!
Oh man, I was sweating bullets on this test. I have both the Redtiger and a Wolfman in my vehicles. The Viofo performed very well in all tests. I do like that my Redtiger and Wolfman both offer a rear facing camera and they work very well for use as a backup camera.
I have been using a Thinkware X700 with rear camera since like 2014. I have been happy with it up until this day. It shows plates just fine and is fairly clear.
Reminds me of horse racing announcer hahaha
I have had the Viofo A129, which comes with a front and rear camera, for nearly 3 years and I have not been disappointed with my purchase at all. It is near 200 USD, but well worth it if you want a front and a rear camera.
wished you would of tested a go pro also
Vantrue Nexus 4 pro is the best. Dual cameras up front and one for the back window. Can connect to your phone and is high res.
😮 Thx for this, just discussed with our kids. Now we know what NOT to get! Thx Todd. ❤
So do you guys have one for the rear view as well?
Electronics!!!! :)
I would have preferred to see the Viofo A119 Mini 2 over the A119 v3, since it's an upgrade with the Starvis 2 sensor.
No Korea branded dash cams like Thinkware?
please please do lanterns. the led camping lanterns. PELASE
That was a very interesting review & very informative!!   Thank u 👍👍👍
Herrrrooo. Ishert sDre cerd
please  do a 360 cam review
Mi Mini0906 came with a polarized filter that made things extremely readable in both day and night. 1080P too.
I appreciate the info... Why is the creator shouting throughout the video though. 😞
As always. Your reviews are trusted 110%
Great review
I've had the Red tiger camera in two of my cars for several years now. Glad to see it's in second place. Though. If I buy any more, I'll probably switch to the Viofo now that I've seen this video.
Digital cameras do not record footage! 😂 No film, no footage.
I’m very perplexed with this video.   The choice of all these no-name sketchy Chinese brands and the omission of name brand units.   Nextbase  Garmin  Kenwood JVC  Personally I would buy a Nextbase dashcam.   Also, it would be great to include (for comparison purposes) a GoPro and a mirrorless DSLR in the mix.
Would love to see the 10 dash cams all stuck to the front of your windshield while driving!!😂
Nobody messes with Viofo
Please do a video with premium dashcams. I am willing to pay much more for such an important piece of equipment. $200 to $400 for a good dash cam is not unreasonable. The focus should be on reading license plates and front/rear view or 360 view. I want the best evidence possible in case of an accident, including good sideswipe view and rear collision view. GPS speed is a big plus. I have a Type S P200, would also like to see Vantrue N4, Vantrue N5, Pruveeo 360, AZDome 360, Neideso 360, Carvedium Cam 4
If you added the Viofo A329 it would be even better than the other cameras.
I stand by  VIOFO A229 w/GPS. Has  2 channel 1440p i got it while it was on sale for $160. 60fps recording for front and rear. Front can do HDR but is limited to 30 fps with that setting. Adjusting exposure helps too. its on Amazon. Has Wifi and Voice control.
You are killing it on your reviews. Thank you once again.
Gotta have more angles sadly.   Not all issues happen in front of you.  SIdes and rear at just as likely.
Please do house indoor cams
CAN YOU DO A REVIEW OF SOLAR GENERATORS?
"Sir, why do you have 11 dash cams on your dash??" 😂 Great work as always, Todd!!
Please review portable AC Unit.
We've had the Red Tiger for a few years and it was priceless when my wife was rear ended on the highway. We bought the low voltage protection accessory kit with it. This allows the camera to stay on, as long as possible when in parking mode. It shuts down automatically so the battery doesn't get too drained. I Highly recommend the Red Tiger for a front and rear camera combo. Use the link in the description to support Project Farm. Thanks for the thorough and honest review!
You don't have to tell us where they're made.. we know 😂
I don't think we will ever need to review of consumer report at all. Lol.   Love you sir. Keep it up. Thank you.
Oh thank god I have a Viofo A229 currently and came here just to see how badly I did in picking a dashcam lmao. Seems like I still do well in doing internet research among all the sponsorships and lies our there. Have loved it so far!
Thanks you SO MUCH !!!
Great video!  I've been looking to get a dash cam and these test have helped me decide on the one to get.
I have the redtiger. It works for me.
dash cams aren't really a thing you should be skimping on. Get the best quality one regardless of the price, it will definitely save you on insurance bills.
I have a few of the VIOFOs... one amazing feature is that you can schedule the HDR to turn on for only a set time of day, so I use that at Nighttime, but in daytime it doesn't need HDR, so you can have it scheduled off for a higher FPS during daytime hours
I prefer the think wars dashcams
Great job!  I bought a different brand 2 years ago, that was supposed to be good...  I thought it was garbage, so I sent it back within a week.....   I've really been trying to figure out which one is any good...  So thank you....  The Viofo looked good to me.... . , , , , , , , , , I sometimes mess around with GeoGuesser games....  So for no reason at all, I will randomly say "Go Chiefs" for no reason whatsoever.......
I’m shocked you didn’t test the king. Vantrue. How come?
got a cobra sc250r, and while it has been decent for the few months i had it, and now i wonder how it compares to these you have tested here
"911, what's your emergency?" This guy keeps circleing my neighborhood. 😂
Very helpful!
70mai for me.
You didn't review it, but I went with a Fitcamx for my dash cam last year.  What's unique about them is that they provide a factory install by replacing an existing windshield cowl and tapping into the existing wiring harness that powers the rear view mirror.  This makes the install seamless with no need to route power.  I guess the caveat is that you need a somewhat newer car.
When phones and digital cameras became available to me, They were the original dash cams in the early 2000s 😅
Funny I was just shopping for one of these 😂
If you're doing this kinda stuff now, tech bloggers/reviewers should be very scared! Nobody is safe!!! 😂
Another great video, thank you. When you revisit this, it'd be great if you could add a view of oncoming headlights to show how much they'd distort the road signs.
Dashcam mounting tip: Some dashcams ship with a transparent plastic sheet. You mount that on your windshield, then mount the dashcam on the plastic. That makes it possible to easily and cleanly remove the dashcam from the windshield if you need to change its placement. Re-mounting is a little trickier, but in general this is much better than mounting directly onto the windshield.  What if your dashcan doesn't come with this plastic sheet? If you've got extra PET screen protectors for an old phone, it's the same thing. You may need to trim down its size with scissors (try to round the corners). But it'll work just fine - just trim the sheet about 3/4 inch bigger than the edges of the mount. Mount the side that's supposed to go on the phone face to your windshield, then attach the dashcam adhesive to the other side (remember to remove any peel-off plastic - use sticky tape to lift the edge so you can peel it off).  If you only use glass or TPU screen protectors, there are a ton of PET screen protectors for old phone models available online for like $2 for 3-10 sheets. Don't bother buying one from the dashcam manufacturer for $15 for 1-2 sheets. It's literally the same thing. I recommend getting ones for bigger phones so you can use the extra sheets for applying other things to your windshield - like parking decals, toll road passes, etc.
Voice is over the top
Love my ddpai mini3 and mini5 units.  Also, I have rexing r4's.  Have had ddpai cams since 2014 and they've been fantastic. Great review and video!
Did someone cut your nuts off? Your voice keeps getting higher and squeakier. Extremely annoying.
As always , great job mate , I’ve been threatening to get a dash cam for years , wow , just surprised how many actually bad ones out there .  The Viofo looks like a beauty .  Not sure if they are sold in Australia but I’ll definitely keep an eye out for one.  Thanks for all your hard work.
Ive had this Viofo in most of my cars and got it for a friend of mine and my mom a few years ago. Its a great camera. You can get a polarized lens cover for it to help as well. I use the next one up (A129 pro duo) for my personal car. Oh and make sure you get a High Endurance memory card if you live somewhere hot like Arizona.
I'll stick with my Vantrue.
would love to see the ViOFO and RedTiger go up against dash cams priced $150-200 to see if its worth it to go with the pricier option or if the budget option is just as good
Great video on car dash cameras. My honey/wife just got a free front and inside facing dash camera. It's made by Vavupo HD DVR made in China. Received it for 1 cent no kidding  ! Going to test it out soon. It has shock, motion, parking, night vision and some other features. We put in a 32 GB SD card in. You can snap pictures too. So far the screen is very clear but we'll test it similar to how you did.     I hope your wound heals up soon. Did you cut it on the plastic container?! I know they can be sharp! Thank you for you awesome videos and extensive research and work you do for us!
My Rexing unit has been very reliable from -10 F to over 110 F for 6 years...
I've never heard of the brands reviewed.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not disparaging the review. The method and execution are excellent. I'd be interested in seeing this channel carry out a similar comparison of premium brands, like Thinkware, Blackvue, iRoad, & others. Around 6 years ago, with my then-new iRoad v9, I was able, at highway speed, to capture, frame-by-frame, a piece of concrete debris fly off the back of a dump truck that was 150 feet ahead of me, and hit & destroy my windshield. Was able to have a clear read of the truck's license plate. Took it to the PD, & they contacted the driver, who was required to pay for the repair. All my cars have 2 channel dashcams. The video doesn't lie.
I found another test that would be beneficial would be temperature, living in Florida only a few cams would actually properly work once you start up the car in summer.
Thanks, gettin ready to get one of these
Do dash cams that are more expensive and with multi channel systems. If done do the N4.
Good work… As Usual 😊
Great vid. Been thinking about getting a dashcam and will use your link to get the VIOFO. I've also been thinking about a trail camera. You ever considered doing a review of those?
Truth about dash cams it’s been 20 years and I still haven’t pulled the trigger 😂
You certainly caught these competitors in 4k
My Viofo is so good I've used it in place of a GoPro for track events. It's a good performance driving cam in addition to the standard dashcam duty. Great for situations where I want to have a recording but didn't think to set up the action cam.
this is bias but i use gopro's for my dash cameras. only because you can buy a hero 6 for $100 on ebay and you get a good quality camera. i added a usb charger to my vehicle hard wired into the radio power. go pro is set to record once power is connected. can record for days on a 256gb card.. its good to see a few dash camera tests. my next dash camera might be bought soon
Where’s the footage of the “farm truck’s” windshield with all these cameras?😂.
+1 for VIOFO, got my dad the a119 mini 2 with the starvis 2 sensor and his footage is very good day and night.
Just buy a Tesla.
Not a single one of this test was worth the money. The most expensive was overall the worst as well.  Only 2 of the brands were names that were among the choices when I bought a dash cam for my needs 4 years ago. Nothing under $100 is worth buying, since they need to capture the license plate of the opposing car in the even of accident and especially a hit and run.  The name of the camera I (Z-DASH) chose wasn’t among this list. I’ve only once brought the memory card into my pc to review the videos. But nothing was as poor as any of these. I paid somewhere in the $100 in 2021. 1920x1080 Fwd x rear.    I’m surprised that it’s been 4 years. I was thinking it was just 2.
brother cut straight to the chase, need more videos like this
Yes!, PF came into my feed with another cool review 😎
There are so many variables concerning DC's, that it can be overwhelming. One aspect that is critical is GPS. GPS is a critical factor in noting day and time, estimating speed, exact positioning for things like stop sign violations, etc and having that proof recorded in a single file through the camera implies a greater degree of legitimacy as opposed to a phone GPS. Before purchasing one, check the statutes for whatever State you live in, many State's have ordinances limiting the way that DC''s can be mounted, and consequently used without receiving a vision violation just for having the camera mounted incorrectly. Being able to read a license plate from a distance is important, but being able to prove you weren't speeding or did not commit a stop sign violation is more relevant. Great breakdown.
Great informative video !
You need to test a dash cam with the starvis 2 sensor …. They are MUCH better
Great job! Thank you. Confirmed I made the right choice with the Viafo A229 Pro.
Man, I was just searching for a dashcam after being the victim of a hit-and-run this afternoon, and then you posted this video. You're a national treasure!
I have the Vioflo. Definitely saved me when it came to an insurance claim. Someone ran a red light and hit me as I went through the intersection. It was night and you could clearly see all the details.
Saying “FHD” is no shorter than saying Full HD, so just say that. ;)
Good Information.
Literally any dash cam is better than nothing. But my viofo has lasted me almost 4 years now and is by far the best out there
LTT did a big roundup before or suggested cams ... Viofo also came out on top for all suggestions.
Not a single review of any cameras that might be considered “commercial grade”, only “consumer grade“ Chinese junk.  How about Falcon Eye, Garmin, Cobra, and Rand McNally? It would’ve been nice to see how the cheap cameras measure up to what is marketed to commercial drivers. It would’ve also been a great idea to compare a GoPro to dedicated dash cams, as many people use them as they are dissatisfied with the image quality, and as seen in this review of the Amazon/eBay marketed units, rightfully so!
How did you get that same pickup truck to come around the corner for several of the displays of different cameras? This needs some explain.
My Viofo A139 outlasted a name brand SD Micro card. I went and purchased a "MAX ENDURANCE" and it's been fine ever since.
Agree with all the positive comments, as always a useful and very well thought out piece, I am even surprised by how many of the top reviews you have kindly supplied that I have quickly purchased. Never been disappointed. Thanks!
Great review! Looking forward to you doing the more high-end– cams. Please make sure to include nextbase. Walmart carries the 222. I have the upgraded 322!
I've been waiting years for this video.  You had 3 of the brands I was looking at.  Thank you so much!
I can tell by those gas prices you don’t live in California
The man The myth The legend Thank you!!! $100 seems to be the gravy zone if it comes with an SD card.   Like someone else mentioned all these get their cameras from just a few sources.  Same internals in many of these.
I had a 1080P Thinkware back in 2018 and replaced with a VIOFO 4K 3 channel last year.  That thing is amazing
My biggest issue with dashcams has been them getting cooked to death in my car during the summers. Had 2 different dash cams that had this failure, one was around $50 the other was around $100. Thinking my next one will be an overpriced one from Toyota that integrates with my adaptive cruise control, $300 but if it saves me from buying a new dash cam every summer it’ll pay for itself.
I hate b-Miden............
I wonder how many of these cameras actually use the 3M tape they advertise or is it just a con.
Thanks
Bought a Redtiger F7NP and ever since I got it, I have managed to immortalize some of the "smartest" drivers of my city as well as avoid a ticket for passing a yellow light. It's a very solid option and genuinely all you need for your daily life
Thanks for the unbiased reviews!!! More great content. Thanks again.
A dash cam is mostly to prove  what happened in accident.   Its not really good at reading license plates from very far,  unless the car is right in front of you.
Sad to not see Vantrue here, the best dash cams.
Please do reviews on trail cameras. Lots of things you can test. Detection speed,  battery life, detection distance, picture quality etc. millions of them get sold every year and with so many to choose from which one is the “best”
My current Nextbase dashcam will not record while simultaneously saving video to micro disk. Resulting in video gaps.
Also, another suggestion to test upright carpet extractors
Test prolube!!!!! Lol
I've had a Viofo since 2019. Just remember to use a "Quality" data card.
Amazing. They ALL suck. I'd use the Viofo, but only because it seems to suck a bit less
I have suggestion to test window black out roller shades and black out curtains
Thank you, sir.
There are many higher-priced dashcams than the Viofo that give a lower quality. I haven't checked lately to see if they're still around but often consumers determine whether a company is going to stay in business.
Surprised vantrue wasn't in there. The N4 pro seems to freeze nighttime license plates in motion
Meanwhile the people at 243 and Chadwick are seriously wonder about the strange guy in a tan Tahoe doing laps past their place.
That back to the future plate tho ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥🤌🥂
Perfect review this guy is the best!
Which camera has the widest field of view?
A lot of "4k" dashcams use a 1080p or 1440p sensor. It then upscales the image to 4k and writes that to the memory card. Which is pointless since the underlying resolution is not there. All it's doing is running hotter due to the extra processing needed (becomes important when running on a hot day after being parked in the sun), and wasting space on the memory card. Do your research before you buy, and find out the sensor the dashcam uses and its resolution.  The newer Sony STARVIS sensors have an augmented night mode which captures a still frame from a license plate (generally brighter since they're designed to reflect) before it's overexposed, and overlay that on top of the rest of the image which needs a longer exposure. Not every manufacturer has correctly figured out how to use this mode. Without it, license plates at night can be unreadable because they're either overexposed into white nothingness, or too blurry due to motion blur. For this case, I recommend searching for recent dashcam video reviews of the model you're interested in. As many youtubers do extensive tests and post actual video footage samples.  Edit: And if you're curious, I use a Viofo.
Honestly wish there was a good system to just use my iPhone as a dash cam. It would probably easily outperform all of these cameras while also being a decent substitute for Apple CarPlay.
CC is your friend here ‘cause… damn.
Amazing work comparing. I remember watching a dashcam overview maybe 2 years ago, don't remember by who, which effectively said that there's only a couple of sensors being used in the industry, so most of the difference in cameras is how they process the image. I suspect that's visible in comparisons you made where there's some clear artifacting when processing high contrast/colour-change areas. Incredibly helpful assessment, so thanks.
The dashcam industry is just…terrible. How are this many bad dashcams?
You should test a couple of more high end dash cams.
Nexar brand would love to see a review on it.
No contestant from Garmin? Hmm.
I bought a $25 dash cam on Temo that blows all of these away,  was amazing,  and lasted about 3 months lol.  I would've paid$200 if it was guaranteed for at least a year.  Chinese junk is gong to ruin the world
I've waited for a long time by using unreadable license plates as a reason. Too often, capturing a tag number is important in a questionable traffic  situation. Seems most of these cameras, if not all, use the same video technology. This list has not given me reason to change my mind. I believe a camera should be able to read a licenses plate at farther away than 30 ft since most drivers don't drive that closely. Perhaps, one day video quality will take a big step forward.
Did you have them all hooked up at the same time?
I wish this video came out a week ago. I just installed a dashcam yesterday lol. It did make me feel OK about my purchase though. I got a more expensive viofo with a rear camera. Its just, I also bought the hardwire kit, 256gb SD, polarizing lens, and fuse taps. So the damn thing ended up costing me like $300 😭
I love this one. I'd like to see more cameras compared. :D
My older gen VIOFO died from the Arizona heat about a couple of months ago and because of this video I just ordered a A119 V3. Thank you for the quality reviews!
I want a dashcam that can record like a black box but also not save the footage unless I tell it to. I don't want a dashcam that could be used against me.
2025 and using micro ubs?? That's an US thing. Selling new devices without usb c is illegal in the EU , as it should be
If only this video came out 3 years ago :(
great video, linus tech tips did one I think they found a lot of the camera are made by the same company
The viofo wins the very impressive trophy!!
Saw the title and wondered if the mighty Viofo might go down.  Not surprisingly, they still reign supreme.  Just wish they did a front/interior dual cam.  It's very useful to see what's going on inside the vehicle when an incident occurs, whether you're wearing your seatbelt or playing with a phone, etc.  You can prove a lot in court with an interior cam that you couldn't without.  And mine rotates to either side so you can record a traffic stop if desired.  Just waiting for Viofo to do a model like that and I'll switch.
Awesome video.  Thank you.
Love my red tiger dashcam. It’s very crystal clear.
Great review, but honestly I felt all the dash cams reviewed seemed to be garbage in my opinion. I guess you get what you pay for. The Vidfo has been the best for awhile, but mounting a GoPro on the dash would give a better image, mind you it's not designed for ease of install on a dashboard. I'm surprised no one has come up with a really good quality dash cam, I imagine if they did people would just break into the vehicles to steal them hahaha. There's just no winning until they bring back the death penalty, what too harsh 😂😂👍
I wanna see that dash cam testing setup
Excellent review thank you 👍
You have to test for high 120f car temperature as well. Most fail.
I'd really like to see where the Garmin fit in these tests. Actually I tend to use my iphone most often.
Super review!
Why does this guy sound like someone is stepping on his balls?
Excellent video! Thank you for sharing. Now I can make an informed decision.
Thanks for all you do!  Suggestion for content (not sure how else to send it): Bluetooth ODB readers… some are standalone, some are subscription based, many are promoted by car YouTubers, would be great to test and sort out. Thx!
Thank you so much for this.   Really surprising we don't have better dashcams yet. Considering how much money and dev. goes in to smart phone cameras.. I figured we'd get some side benefit.. but I suppose not!   Love your thorough testing, as always.  :)
2k is plenty.
Why would you not include Garmin?
I’m using 70mai a500 dash cam, cost about 90 dollar from Amazon. I think it is doing as good job as viofo. Really wish you include 70mai in this video though,
I have had this same Viofo camera for over 5 years and it's never let me down!
I really wish you'd have tested the Vantrue brand but I realize you can't test every brand in a single video.  I also get the feeling that no adjustments were made to any of the camera settings and that they were judged just on how they performed right out of the box.  Having some experience with a few of these I know that they don't always default to the highest quality settings and, like our old CRT TVs, do require some tuning and fiddling with to get the best quality picture.  A few of these were shown to be so truly terrible that I have to wonder if a protective film on a lens got overlooked (I've seen some have two films, a larger one that covers the whole lens assembly/cone, and another applied carefully, directly to the glass of the lens with just a tiny pull tab for removal) and seriously made me question what settings/adjustments were made using the menu options.  I'm trusting that you did everything you could to make this a fair and balanced test but I suspect some things slipped past you without you realizing.
Glad to see my purchase of the a119v3 was a good one. I paid closer to 85 for it vs your list price, and its been very reliable hardwired for constant recording.  Would have liked to see a mention about lithium cells versus supercap models.   The viofo has a supercap and certainly has a leg up in long term reliability versus some of the cheaper cameras with lithium batteries. Batteries especially dislike warm climates too.
I have the red tiger. I have puled many videos over a few 100,000 miles I have used it for. Your test is very consistent with what I have found. Night time is certainly its weakness. the Viofo really seemed great! One of the more interesting videos you have put out lately. Your windshield must have been full!
🥰
Excelent video but I wish also to see vantrue
Please do a video on washers!, these washers now a days  last less than 2 years. We need you to put them to the test.
It would be nice to test imagine stability on rough roads. I thoroughly enjoyed this video!
JUST WHAT I NEEDED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  THANKS, PF.
I wish you had taken it up to $200.
Thank u just bought 2
a gopro would be a solid option
Great video! Would love to see you do this on some higher end dashcams. Thanks
It’s all about the star processor they have make a better one In quite a while
How about rear facing trailer cameras?
You made me homesick with your dashcam footage. I used to Iive there. Thanks for all your videos. They are greatly appreciated.
Love the videos! Curious what your criteria was to select these brands? And why not include any of the "major" brands like Garmin or Blackview?
I have the rove and have been very happy with it so far. Great stuff as always
I was hoping installation might have been a factor.
I bought the VIOFO because of the LTT video on dash cams, really nice to see it compared here and that it was the right choice.
I have a Viofo dash camera that also has a rear windshield camera included. I hit a piece of truck debris in the road and passed the truck that dropped it pulled over on the shoulder going 69mph in the left lane. Across two lanes of distance and at 69mph, I could still pull his plate and file a damage claim. Awesome camera, can vouch for it. (Front facing camera got his plate)
I don't know what sort of things you review but this excellent video got you a subscriber.
To think we have all probably recycled or traded in smart phones that have better quality cameras than all these. You would think they could step the game up? Just like backup cameras on some cars are super grainy..
Wait a minute, you built a Time Machine out of a Suburban?
I would recommend the VIOFO A119 Mini 2 at around $85–$120 or the A229 Plus for around $160–$200 if you want a rear cam. Both have upgraded STARVIS 2 sensors and should outperform the A119 V3 shown in this video. The A119 Mini 2 is probably the best bang-for-buck dashcam on the market right now.
I have a VIOFO. FWIW they do make models with front and rear. I ALWAYS run front and rear on my vehicles, even my motorcycles. One thing that wasn't covered: Get a model with a capacitor not a battery. Batteries will get cooked in a hot car very quickly.
The content of your video is very informative, but your voice, you really need to take it down a notch
I use an old GoPro hero 9. LEAGUES better than any dash cam.
im looking for a rear mirror type so none of these work for me and wish there was a top brand that set the bar and how close they come to top brand performancee
What about spark plugs cables. Are they all the same like material, strength and power and is thicker better? Etc.  Love your channel
I have 2 Thinkware q 800 and all around camera is great in both day and night $180 cnd 4K and a user friendly app
As always great reviews and testing outside the box. Real world situations not just reading licence plates. There are still a lot of more expensive brands some going into $500+  and while i don't want you spending so much on them if there was anyway to find out how they compare to the ones on this test would be awesome. I bought a Fineview GX7000 and a Thinkware both costing far too much but have red light and speed camera alerts in them still video quality is  counts most
Security cams have weird quirks. My home security cams r actually really good but occasionally weird stuff occurs. The other day I saw feet walking down sidewalk but no body or head. Hell, could've been a ghost for all I know. Some x's it's a frame issue like an object rolling with a trail following the motion.   I don't think most security cams r good for catching plates which is a bummer but I think if we go higher quality/resolution then memory/storage will b an issue. I know this is dash cams but I'd assume security cams have similar issues.
Nice
Would always recommend using your own storage card you trust from a known brand. Never plug a random storage card that's included into your device.
It's unlike you to do a half-arsed job but that's exactly what you've done. There is no temp testing, no ease or speed of file transfer testing, no testing of Rf interference from poorly shielded connections or other accessories commonly found in vehicles...
VIOFO has best build quality best sensors and best image processing and its cheper than most of the competition. we need more brands like this
I have the Viofo A129 which comes with a rear camera. You're making me feel way better about that purchase!
Great review. I really would have liked to have seen a comparison with the wide-angle camera of a modern iPhone or Samsung Galaxy S as a point of reference.
Viofo does have options that include a rear camera woth the same sensor as the forward camera
This guy should be running DOGE
Amazing job, like always.  Thank you for your effort.
I'd like to  see a review of traction  boards. Thank you for providing such thorough and unbiased practical reviews.
That’s why you don’t buy crappy, no name brands off of Amazon that nobody uses. Was disappointed to not see actual dash cams from reputable brands like BlackVue, Garmin etc. Triple your spending and test some quality stuff for part two.
Where was this video when I was looking 2 weeks ago and ended up buying the Vantrue N5 for 400 lol
I have been debating this for a while now. Thank you for the information
Man that viofo ran circles around the other cameras.
I would never buy a camera that rhymes with Biden. I know it would be crap.
Thank you so much sir. My wife and I have gotten our first house and your honest review and quality of the test results had us put money towards something worth having. Thank you again and keep up the great videos.
👏🏻 👏🏻 👏🏻
I just use an old Samsung phone. Sure I have to push start etc etc. It has an SD slot and software that can be accessed/changed if needed it's all free, no app or subscription. I mean it takes more know hoe but wherever. The dash cams I have had are really annoying.
I think we need a part two with other larger known brands added in too.  Thinkware. blackvue. Cobra. Nexar. 70mai. Garmin. Nextbase. Most of these from this video seem like random names on Amazon
So all the brands tested are various grades of trash
best in the business
I use the garmin mini best dashcam with small formfactor
Awesome information as usual. Thanks Todd
Your just the best thanks for the time that you put in to make awesome videos
Get the VIOFO models with the STARVIS 2 sensor, not just STARVIS (1). Much better contrast and much more useful at night.
I was interested in seeing which camera works well at night for the rear camera since the headlight makes most of them useless. But that VIOFO seems to be able to overcome the headlight problem. Great video as always.
Does Uniden exist over there?
All of these would pass for a potato. Why cant we have a go pro like camera?
Thanks
I had a Vantrue dashcam for a few years until it started to glitch on me.  It cost $200.  Good to see theres a better value out there.
And to think- an ordinary cell phone camera would run circles around these!  It’s like they’re holding out on us.
I just bought the Arifayz to take on a road trip mainly to just capture the scenery out west in Utah. Glad I bough the best sub $100 one now.
There are many way over this price point. I know Amazon sells the Vantrue N4 models that are priced much higher. Anyone know if they are worth the big price jump over the top 3 here?
Why have you not done men's razors yet?
Honey get up, Project Farm just posted
Based on those tests - none of those cameras worth the money. It's that simple.
thank you so much for this video, what do you think about Axon Fleet 3? have you review it before?
The Viofo camera is recommended by the Wham Bamb YouTube videos. I don't know what their full name is. Sorry. I also don't know which Viofo dash camera is recommended by them but this certainly makes their point. Eventually I'm going to buy a dash cam for my car as it's a very smart purchase to have in case of an accident. A few decades ago I had an accident and the other person told the police what happened. It was not true and when the police asked me I told them what actually happened. The officer then asked the other person and they admitted my version was correct. If they had not admitted it was correct I would not have had a leg to stand on. A dash cam would have been a blessing. They weren't available back then.  This has been a very good review of, essentially, a necessary item.
W license plate
I you’re supposed to pronounce it like “e-yeega”
The VIOFO is already legendary around Europe for many many years.  Too bad USA does not have DDPAI & 70MAI. Those are also comparable to VIOFO.
Amazing timing, I've been a subscriber for a while and was only just starting to consider a dashcam, recently.
Thank you so much for doing these videos. Educational and your delivery is so much fun. I love Project Farm Guy, God bless you.
The #1 thing you need to know when buying a dashcam is whether it has a supercapcitor or a battery.  If it's got a battery, it'll simply stop powering on after 2 years.  You should check the capacity too, to see if you'll get half a second or 10 seconds of recording after losing power from your car (e.g. key switched off).  Unfortunate that this isn't even mentioned in the video.  But to be fair, the better, more expensive brands usually do this correctly as well.
I bought the Garmin 1080p Dash Cam X110. What I didn't know is that it tells you where red light and speed cameras are, if traffic in front of you is moving (from a stop light or sign) speed limit signs, etc.. It was near $200-
About a year ago I purchased a VIOFO A229 Pro 4K HDR Dash Cam, Dual STARVIS 2 IMX678 IMX675, 4K+2K Front and Rear Car Camera, and so far I've been very pleased with it. It's hardwired, and only complaint I have is that it only records parking mode for a couple hours before shutting down due to battery drain.
Great review as always. Would have loved to have heard about connection/software stability and functionality as well.
Ive used and replaced 3 viofo cameras, they have failed on me quite a few times but sadly, the quality is hard to beat. I have a329 coming as it was discounted for all the issues. 4K front and 2k rear. The quality looks to be superb. Thanks for this kick ass review!
Seems like just a cheap $100 point and shoot camera would outperform all of these.
Viofo is probably the best of the Chinese-designed budget bunch, they seem to mostly win all these comparisons for image quality, either outright or bang-for-the-buck.  Korean companies (Blackvue, Thinkware, Finevu, etc), generally offer a more refined camera in terms of software and features like better implementation of parking mode and cloud support, but at 2-3X the cost the value proposition isn't there for most.  Buy something with a Starvis 2 image sensor.  Get a capacitor model, a 140-150F windshield isn't nice to batteries.  And I'll go ahead and fill out my dash cam complaint card with this: resolution is the big selling point, but IMO it's overrated for the dash cam use case, and the power required to process 4k video can potentially run too hot for the camera (even Viofo has had issues with that).  What's needed are better optics, an additional channel with a cheap fixed telephoto lens like every phone has had for years, which would ace the "license plate test" for even 1080 cameras.  There are a scant few that offer that option, and last I heard Viofo's add-on lens works by replacing your rear channel which is a joke. This is simply a niche market lacking in innovation and design for the most part, and I doubt there's a Samsung, Sony, or Apple coming any time soon to raise the bar for the industry.
Thank you I was looking for a review a couple months ago and asked you and you told me you'd look into it I appreciate you doing it just putting another car on the road I need another camera
Thank you  for the thorough review
Those changes in your tone of voice is annoying as hell, but, thanks for the video.
Both me and my wife have the redtiger just have to install them
i wonder what that truck driver at the 11 minute test tought when he saw a truck pull up with 10 dashcams glued to the front window
Quality is maybe one thing... But the way it records is a big deal. To many record only few minutes then stops and starts a new recording which makes you loose a good amount of video in between. Looking for something that records entire time and chops up the video files later on.
I've had a Viofo A229 Duo for over a year now and it's been solid. Bought the external bluetooth button to auto-lock clips.
I don't see the advantage of reading backlit signs, as long as it isn't blowing out / blooming.
Man, I wouldn't buy any of these cheap dash cameras.
You are the best reviewer on youtube.   Hands down.  THANK YOU!
i've had the viofo for 8 years and very satisfied
Imagine pulling up to a car with a dozen dash cams on the windshield.  I bet PF got a ton of strange looks, captured in 4K and potato resolution 😂
The best way to assess a comparison is either ranking, or doing a head-to-head "competition"
A little disappointed because I bought a Vantrue camera some time ago and didn't see it featured here
Reliability is by far the most important quality.   Resolution and even license plate reading are secondary.  Those are irrelevant in 99% of reasons you will need a dashcam for
You made the video I didn't know I needed.  You have my gratitude.
Was there a price limit for this test? I was surprised not to see the Vantrue N4 Pro which is above all of these cameras in terms of night time recording but also costs $250-$280.
Any plans for reviewing those high end brands like Garmin or BlackVue
I have used dashcams for more than 10 years. Viofo is the ONLY brand that's any good. I already throw in garbage a lot of crap
We are gonna fix that Made on china..MAGA
The day is coming where I will not buy anything unless there's a project farm video about it
On this topic, there is no question: dash cams are webcams and all webcams are shit cams with the same sony sensor.  Unless what you want to record is 5 feet away and insanely well lit, you are SoL.  The only thing dashcams do is give groups that are not you, your driving habits and daily patterns, etc...  You paid for a camera that doesn't do what it says it will do only to have your data stolen and sold or worse.  Good job.  To be fair, you did completely omit the top of the line dash cam company from the competition.  You do seem to do that with many industries.  And, again to be fair, BlackVue dash cams, while still more meh than not, beat the hell out of the normal junk like what you showed off, when it comes to image quality and other capabilities.  You didn't even bother to ask things like, what good is a cam if the SD card that corrupts itself all the time is destroyed or happens to....become corrupted, if that has the video that proves you didn't do something or that someone else did?
Me personally I use a GoPro hero 12 which gives good image clarity but I also have the option to use the magnetic cable with the special battery door it comes with so I’m not running a constant battery in trips and since GoPro has a suction cup mount it makes things a lot easier I also think there’s a device that’ll turn on your GoPro and immediately start recording when you start the vehicle but don’t quote me on it!
All I care about is:     If they work in the long run, I've used dash cams for 10 years in all my work trucks and I'v had a few of the "fancy/4k" cams miss a few cycles....I go back to check (and I shows it recording) and it quit looping 2 weeks prior.....Face palm. I don't care how clear it is, it needs to work in the long run
Great video
Someone count how many times he says (They claim) and post it 😂😂😂
Linus Tech Tips is sweating right now.
No blackvue
.99¢ better😂
Thank you so much for this video. I have been waiting for you to do this for years!!! There are so many garbage dash cams out there and you can never trust the reviews on the site you buy them from good or bad.
11:37 That roadsign text looks awful on this "coolcrazy" model compared to that "redtiger" model.
Why does this dude keep driving by this street...? :)
Wish that Blackvue was included.
Santa brought me a Viofo 119 five years ago. Its always worked like a charm. Couldn’t be happier. Crisp readable files.
Viofo offer three options per generation,  1 channel Front Camera 2 channel Front camera and rear window camera 3 channel front rear and internal they also offer hardwire kits to fit to fuse box (easy to instal as I did it :) ) as well as polarising lens covers to reduce glare even more (good to stop reflection between camera and windscreen on bright day as well as general glare. and my last recommendation is the bluetooth switch that you can stick anywhere for easy save option.  Had mine since the A129 was the top end and not had an issue since.
Still rocking a Viofo A119 V2. It's my go to dashcam for car and HGV.  It saved me when another trucker took my wing mirror off with the trailer as he left a bay at night and it still grabbed his reg plate. 10/10 Viofo. Slap a 256gb card in it and it'll get a whole day of trucking.
Couldn’t finish the video. Your voice is too annoying.
Really sad all the products reviewed are from Communist China. I guess nobody can compete with slave labor.
Another great test video sir. Where I live a camera that is reliable at 20 below zero F is of prime importance.
Did you adjust any setting on the cameras? I had to adjust my Viofo to get it not being over exposed by lights at night.
Holy cow what great timing! New car on Monday and I’m shopping for dash cams, thanks!
Comrade go easy on the gas sniffing✅
Great info. Hoped to see name brand cameras tested.
Yet another great and very informative test. Thanks again !
I have 3 vehicles and one in each for the last two years with no issues. VIOFO A129 Pro Duo 4K Dual Dash Cam
I would say the camera is 50% of the system, it's no good if you can't keep the video, memory cards the other 50%, are the failing point. In our company fleet about 1/4th of them actually get a video of any incident, the rest have corrupted memory. We bought name brand high quality memory, it just gets over written all the time and fails. Change the memory cards on a regular schedule, or the video camera is useless.
AWESOME TIMING!! I was just about to purchase a dash cam. Thanks for all the help you provide to the world!
Excellent video. Thank you.
I’m surprised garmin models weren’t included. I’ve got a garmin in both my and my wife’s car and they are fantastic.
Oversharpening on device isn't necessarily better quality, and you can always sharpen it more, if the quality is there without built-in oversharpening.
I have a Viofo vs1 for a few months and its worked great so far
Unfortunately, 99% of dash cameras have the exact same cheap, Chinese internal components and camera sensors. They only look different due to color/exposure settings.
Great job
I own 7 Arifayz for a fleet: they are garbage. There are gaps in the footage, so like 10 minutes will be missing here and 15 minutes missing there. And they drain your battery if left for several weeks.
Your voice is annoying!
Can you do one of these for motorcycle cams?  Most "dash" cams won't work for a bike.
I picked up the Viofo A229 a little over a year ago now, which does include a rear dashcam as well. They've held up very well, parking mode is great, and visibility is awesome! A little pricy but not too bad, considering how helpful they can be.
One feature I feel that is important as well is the power.  Many of these cameras can use batteries in parking mode and the choice of battery can be a concern.  NiMh is a good choice, but Lithium is not.  The best choice is a capacitor which is not as affected by heat and cold and can add more life to the camera.
The amount of work and preparation ahead is needed to make these videos amazes me every time. Thank you.
Great tests, well thought out. The sort of tests that sort out the rubbish from the decent.
🇺🇸
Your voice editing has become a bit too distracting with pitch and volume changes each sentence. Love your videos.
I would like to know why the newer vehicles that have cameras located in the front, rear, sides, cannot have the capability of recording your driving.  Why get after market cameras when the OEM cameras could provide the same function.
Considering the real world use case - dashcam just needs to show which vehicle crashed into which for the insurance claim!  If it shows you were stopped and some scammer tried to reverse into you "crash for cash" then you're close enough to get their registration and show the cops.  You're not making a movie and will never sit watching back all the road signs and fuel prices memories ;-)
First of all I am very surprised that Blackvue was not tested. I will basically say that there are only two cameras you should consider, Viofo or Blackvue. If cloud connectivity is most important buy Blackvue, they are simply the best on that part. But if picture quality is most important then Viofo is best.
Depending on the model it is the same dashcam with a different label, but most dashcams use the same sony starvis line of sensors, it depends on the level/quality/price of the sensor and the processing software. Many companies sell different models in different regions and different levels of quality.
Viofo A229 pro has a front and rear camera
An.informative video..thanks. But the voice octaves need serious work
thank you... my amazon cart has 4 dash cams i was trying to decide...all 4 were in this video.. now i think im going VIOFO
Surprised you didn't test any of them for durability with exposure to high heat. I had a similar camera to the Viofo and the battery pillow after only a few months due to the high temperatures it encountered during the hot summer months in the South.
Great review. Thanks.
I think you mixed-up a score on the Viofo as it scored a "2" on the "Chadwick" test, but your summary sheet showed a "3." Still, the best by far, but it lost a fraction of a point incorrectly.
Your voice is the worst I have heard ever - so annoying it hurts. sorry but you need to hear it !
I’m looking into Thinkware dash cameras. What are you thoughts on it?
The brand I was looking at wasn’t featured in the video 😭😭
Backpack leaf Blower?
Linus Tech Tips did a dashcam roundup a while back and came to pretty much the same conclusion, that the Viofo was the best bang for the buck.   I bought one based on that video, and have been very happy with it.
Six months back I bought a Rove R2 dash cam. Generally, I'm satisfied with the product. However, there's a couple of things I'd love to see an improvement upon. The back screen picture can be rotated 180 degrees, but the on-screen labels' orientation cannot be altered. Another issue with this camera is more significant. When I stop the vehicle, say, for a traffic red light, and the engine stops running, the camera keeps recording. Once the engine kicks back on, the camera completely shuts, the back screen goes dark, and it take a few seconds to restart. Whatever events happening during that time in front of the camera, get lost. It would be interesting to know how the reviewed cameras handle similar situations. Thank you for sharing.
Amazon has someone assigned to watch your videos and increase inventory on the top 3 of all your reviews. 👍🏻
Sorry to say, other channels have already heralded the VIOFO with a far better explanation as to why.
I had a RedTiger, and it Crapped out on me in just over a year...My next will be the Viofo !!
paid a bit more for the viofo a229 for my daughter, loved it so much got another for my car
Thanks for a great comparison! I've got a really good picture of which one to buy!
THANK YOU very much for this one. This is the only way to know for sure. Most people think their camera is great but only through testing can we know.
I think we need a “Viewer suggested” vs Project Farm Tested.
I was hoping you might show ease of video accessibility to share with another party like the police in the case of an accident. Two plus years ago I purchased a Zenfox 3 channel unit, has great video quality day or night, but it's app is terrible if I needed to show something from it in the case of an accident. I had to pull the SD Card and have a colleague at work who was a graphics person pull the video I wanted and edit it so I could share. I hope that all is making sense? Perhaps a part II for this?
Good video as usual. I know there are tons of brands on the market. Most I have never seen before.  I've been researching for a while. The wife seems to attract small fender benders. I would love to pull the trigger, but most have features I don't want or need. Of course, then the price goes 🔼 So I do appreciate you looking at some less expensive cams. I would like some of the upper end brands.  I just can't justify it with the economy being so rocky. I could say more, but I better stop.
Great review.  I wish you had Wolfbox in the mix. Dash cam. Front cam. Cabin cam. Rear cam.  All this and you get to see it rhroigh your rear view mirror. I use it in my Jeep for off-roading.
This is a great one.
Your subjects to test are outstanding. The speed and their ratings from "real world applications are VALUABLE!!
Great review as always. I was hoping to see my personal favorites (and the ones I use) Garmin Dash cams. Maybe include them in the next review? I’m really happy with the quality. Thanks!
I think you read my mind of what I need to buy next
Short, concise and very informative.  Thank you for this.
I just started looking for dashcams yesterday because mine died on me for some reason. The timing of this upload could not be any better! My old camera was a Red Tiger F7N. I think high heat of my region did it in.
So being in 12v industry try drone mobile xc cam has live feed & much more!
I wish we got a pic of what your windshield looked like with 10 dashcams all hooked up at once
I have the Rove R2 in both of my vehicles and in my semi and I love them. They have pretty darn good quality. Plus I like the wifi feature.
Geezers nothing like depending when you need it the most for whatever reason only to have a blurry  image.
Bravo!  Well Done - Been thinking about getting a car camera and now I feel comfortable getting one.  Thanks!
Honestly as it can record an accident Im in idc about how detailed the image is on signs. That being said Im still buying the best one.
If the a119 had a rear camera it would be a no-brainer. Their version that has the rear camera included is way more expensive. I would go with the red tiger for that reason alone. If you truly want to budget camera. You should also check out the 70mai brand. They have some decent ones for less money.
Great review of the dash cams. You shoukd look at doing a crash test. Some of the cameras won't record or lose recordings when they fall off due to a crash.
Ahhh, I was hoping you'd have the 70mai a810! The Dash cam review website said it beat out viofo after many years of viofo holding the top spot
I've had a Viofo 192 pro fitted for more than 3 years, 4k front, 1080p rear. Faultless.
Where's the Garmin cameras
I know you covered the most important parts, but would really love a "how difficult" was installion added to the categories. Great review and i know which dash cam i am buying!
do you think you will do a review of the more expensive range of cameras as well to see if you really get something better for a bigger price?
Been using a A129 Plus Duo since 1-2020. Has some issues saving videos and isn't uncommon to corrupt the footage. I just run the front and turn down the settings so it doesn't drain my battery fully. especially in subzero temps at best settings.
the miden looks like homevideo footage from the 90s. so orange.
Thanks so much for the dash cam test. It's very helpful.  There's just no way for most people to get these results. I also have a body cam that I use as a dash cam that works well. I think all of the cameras are getting more popular for protection in some cases and all out fun and adventure in others. I'm getting older and my memory isn't nearly as sharp as years past so there's that. I have two cell phones and I often use those together if I need extra eyes and have no help. I just set up a video call between the two and I have my own (mini) production crew. Lol. They're also really great in all kinds of tight spots. Crawl space, attic, under the car and behind the engine, anywhere on farm equipment. Lotsa stuff. Thanks Todd! TJ
I don’t see Vantrue in this list.
THANK YOU!!! I've seen so many videos claiming they all sucked and used the same sensor that I held off buying one. Now, thanks to you,  I'm glad I did!
PF is reviewing dash cams now? Guess it's time to get a new one...
Did you get pulled over for suspicion of DUI when you were at the STOP sign??? 😅 Great video, very good information.
Love your videos! How about Home security cameras next as an idea? There is just as much junk companies like dashcams out there. It would be interesting to see.
Xiaomi is popular and you could've tested it too.
Way to upload a video 2 days after I buy a product.🤣 Just got my wife and Rove 2 dual for her new car. Her old car was totaled from someone hitting her from behind.🤦🏼‍♂️ Got it for $95 after discount and coupon.
100% of the time, if someone is going slow in the left lane, they have a dash cam. 🤣
That is a dated version of the VIOFO too. The A229 Pro has an updated starvis chip, more resolution and FPS. There are newer units, but they just more FPS afaik and SSD storage.
Okay I wanna know how you had all of them hooked up at the same time lol people had to be looking at you crazy 😂
It would have been helpful to understand the installation options for each and how they looked when setup.
the miden looks like a dramatic flashback in a movie
Thanks for this one I've been thinking about getting one
All I can think about watching this video is what people are thinking, seeing the same vehicle drive by over and over again lol
I have the VIOFO and love it !
Please test we the garmin dash mini 2 and 3
I got a Viofo with dual cams in 2019 and was so impressed I got two more. For something I'd say is more of a mid range priced dashcam, it sure has proven its worth.
You get what you pay for. Duh. Thank you, Sir.
Anything with Starvis 2 sensor is already going to be better than the rest, as it is the best Sony security camera sensor available today.
Yes! I have gone through 3 of these cameras. Gave up all 3 junk! Thank you for clearing up the mess!
I wonder how the Nextbase would compare.
How is the pruveeo so expensive while being crap?
I have viofo a229 pro. The rear camera saved my mom from being at full fault for a rear collision. Everyone I sent it to was surprise how clear it was for the rear camera.
The Bada$$ of YouTube No other is worthy of that Title!!
Señor Farm, what do you do with all the products after you review them?
I've had a much older Viofo A129 Duo Pro since 2020, replacing a much more expensive, top-of-the-line unit from another respected manufacturer. It has had zero problems, records very good video front and rear, and simply works. I'm pleased to see Viofo continuing to do their job well.
there exist a guy on youtube who went way down the rabbit hole to find out why dashcams suck so he find out the chip or the lenses to the camera is made by one or two companys sony and maybe one more. fact was they all hade the same chip Found him "linus tech tips" -Almost EVERYONE is Wasting Money on Dash Cams
100% the person i needed to make a video like this
Just in time for the Viofo to go on sale.
I’ve been a fan of dash cams for ages, but never could decide on any particular model. Let’s roll the video and see what the Farm has to say….
I have a FitCamX because after installation it looks almost stock.
These are all trash, I'm surprised you maxed out at $130
I've used Nextbase for many years with no issues, before that it was a Vantrue cam. But these were also $200 & more models. Just like tires, there's some things I don't skimp on because I'm not gonna pay for someone else's stupidity.
i got a cheap one from Walmart a few yrs ago marked down to around 12 bucks after christmas no mem card did much better than i expected although suction cup is terrible but does what i want record if someone causes accident . i rarely drive at night so have to try it at night  might update looking for one that swivels so if stopped i can record police  my areas not bad for policing but going in Tampa  area gets me very nervous after seeing how that father and epileptic daughter was treated when the plate reader misread plate and the 4 sheriff cars were Absolutly nasty to a kid who could be triggered by 4 cars with excessive strobes the point cop never verified the plate and plate readers are misreading all over not just cop ones bridge roads parking lots etc are using the failed systems and fining or pulling guns on 100% innocents
I am a four-time owner of a Viofo A129  Plus Duo. Even in at fault accidents with my family, we had enough evidence that other drivers were behaving poorly. Somewhat of a lifesaver. At least an insurance saver...
My question is how would the viofo perform in a heavy truck ie semi truck
Can you test a Garmin
In the future, please include garmin and Rexing. I have the Rexing v1p and I believe it would have been in the top two in your analysis.
Thank you for making these tests! Looks like Viofo hype is real and actually justified. I ended up buying a Viofo dash cam and added a polarized filter to help in some scenarios
BlackVue, RoadAngel, NextBase, you should’ve test this brands as well. Had a BlackVue DR750x-2CH for years and was miles better than all dashcams you’ve tested on this video.
Project Farm doing amazing work as always
You know what is not subjective? Performance in excessive heat and cold - factors that are extremely important for a device that lives in a car. Very disappointing video from a channel I have been mostly impressed with.
Simple tip: Look beyond marketing hype. Many brands use the same chips and sensors. There are only a few factories in the world who produce these chips so. Take your pick.
Rove’s owner’s manual is written by Americans for Americans. Such a nice surprise!
I'm so happy to see these tested in a large batch. I've never heard of any of these brands and would love to see a showdown of some known brands like Thinkware, Garmin, Vantrue and Cobra. The test that sets them apart is how they alert to a defective memory card. I had a dash cam that the card went bad but acted like it was recording anyways. I only found out 6 months later that it had not recorded anything for months.
Great job and timely video  :)
Every time i upgrade my phone i use the previous one as a dash cam instead of trading it in. I started with a Galaxy S10 as a Dash cam and now i'm using my previous Galaxy S21 Ultra (Much better Camera and 4K). Plenty of dash cam apps out there, i personally use the paid/pro version of Droid Dashcam. If your old phone is still in good condition and doesnt have battery issues, reuse it as a dash cam instead of throwing it out.
I use the nextbase 522gw and it caught a road rager clear as day at 1 am on a ride home from work.
Glad to see Viofo made the #1 spot! I've been using them for years and did a lot of research before buying!! Now I feel vindicated!
I think Linus (linustechtips) also has 1 or 2 videos about these !
Great video as always, only thing was exept for one brand I didn't know the other brands existed. It just seems you may have left out two or three of the big boys as far as manufacturers. Always love the videos. Take care brother
you should’ve included garmin. the gold standard of equipment for aircraft and boats. they have multiple dashcam options.
My wife bought me a RedTiger for Christmas. Been great so far. Glad to see it stacks up well against other brands.
The viofo is currently at $99!!!!
❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤      I have liked your reviews for years     another winner     you are brilliant
It's so hard to find a dashcam that's not made in China lol.
I think that another dashcam video would great with some more brands like garmin and rexing
I've had a 3 channel viofo for over 4 years. I can confirm that it's a great camera
If you haven't already, go look up Linus Tech tips – cam video. He didn't want a year or so ago and found out that most of the cameras used the exact same internals
An on time reminder that Jeffrey Epstein and John McAfee didn't kill themselves
We run the rover r2-4K with lense covers and love them. Made a huge difference, plus side if you get the coupon and bundle it you can get it for like 80bucks
I've had the 119V3 on my car for almost 5 years and it still works perfectly. I have the hard wire kit so it runs all the time, even when parked. I've lived in southern mississippi and the northeast throughout and the camera has never failed! Always recommend the 119 to anyone looking at getting a dashcam
Unfortunately, Project Farm can not test every one but I recommend getting the new and improved Viofo A229 pro (4K @ 30fps) or A329 (4K @ 60fps) if you can afford it.
Viofo on Amazon for $99 now
Thank you sir that was very educational!!!
Alright, road trip.
Hmm would have been interesting to see 1-2 big brand names in here to compare, such as Garmin, Uniden, Blackvue etc.
Pointless unless you test how slow it is to download the videos off of wifi to be usable
mmm! ive been waiting for this video to drop!
Great license plate, just wrong vehicle.
Your evaluations are always amazing!
I enjoy your videos -- most informative.  I truly appreciate your effort.  For the dash cam test had you considered the Thinkware brand?
I use my Samsung Galaxy S24 as dashcam, in Pro mode. And with "Modes and Routines" set up it is great.
Not all cameras that offer a parking mode tell you about the additional cable to allow it to work. Also, coupon is a French word and is pronounced  COOPON not KewPon
Viofo makes a version with 3 cameras I own this one and it’s great
Is that your normal voice? Annoying affectation.
Things to remember about dash camera:  1. Their main benefit is producing evidence for insurance and legal matters and as such turn off any features they may harm you such as GPS (speed) and microphone (distracted driving). 2. They are a two edged sword they can help and well as harm you. Using these should help improve your driving habits especially when you watch some of your stupid mistakes. 3. They are an insurance policy and like insurance, it will hopefully never get used but when it is needed, it is indispensable. So add a few bucks to get quality. 4 Check them regularly to make sure they are working and the time stamp is correct.
can you also test back up cameras
Vee oh foe...
I’ve been using the REDTIGER for 2 years. Glad I got a high quality dash cam
How there is no u1000 in this list is crazy.
This will be your most watched video for sure!  I've watched other review channels trying to find a dashcam.  Most are sponsored by the dashcam makers, so they are worthless.  I ended up with a Garmin Mini 3, which is ok, but is very very difficult to find the actual footage you need.  You need to do another review with other dashcams and review the software for looking at the footage as well.  Excellent review!!!!   I'll be looking at the VIOFO.
So I guess I will get a Viofo for the front of my car, but what do I do for the rear?  Another Viofo?
What cards work well for the VIOFO other than the expensive VIOFO recommended one?
@projectfarm, you should test fuel station air pumps. See if they actually put out the pressures they say! We have so many out on the east coast and I’ve always asked myself if they were legit if you didn’t have a gauge to check.
Wish you’d test more reputable brands too instead of just buying whatever shows up on the first page of Amazon
:sighs: back with the random hand flailing in thumbnail
Awesome test !!!
That was great! Thank you!! I need a cam for my pickup. Now I know which one I'll buy.
Thank God for this review.
7:29  License plate readability 7:40  Light exposure facing into the sunset 10:10 Sharpness of road signs while moving 12:34 Sharpness of road signs into sunset 14:57 Night vision reading 16:59 Night vision reading on lighted sign 17:12 Dashcam features and specifications 17:38 Rankings
Man, I applaud and I appreciate the planning and the editing for the video. It must be one heck of a daunting task. Two thumbs up for this very informative content! 👍 👍
Just subscribed. Thank you for what you do. This will save people so much time and money.
you should do some behind the scenes stuff, so we can really see and appreciate eveything you do to create these awesome videos. Ive honestly lost track of how many people ive recomended you to.  Keep up the GREAT WORK!!
Excellent, as always, but also peculiar ;).  I'm glad that you included products based on price and not on claimed resolution.  Advertised resolution often has very little to do with dashcam performance as what matters is how the camera uses its resolution in the challenging environments where we need them most.
Yup Viofo
We have the Red Tiger on all our vehicles and I am impressed with the quality for the small price. Best we have ever used.
I'm glad you did this, but camera quality past reading license plates is probably the LEAST useful thing for a dashcam. Testing the collision detection and if rollover recording works properly is far more important. As well as if it "breaks" videos into sections and if they have any pauses between those. I've tried a bunch of different ones where rollover recording just doesn't work and you have to manually wipe it every couple of days, or the "segmenting" of videos leaves me with 10-15 seconds between segments of unrecorded time, which is absolutely horrible.   I'm not worried about a hit and run getting away as much just making sure the damn thing actually records properly.
I request an even Bigger sample Size, the Viofo is fine but still not actually so good
I hope that you go thru puberty soon so your voice will drop😅😂😂
I’m sure there are brands out there costing way more than these that will outperform handily, but I actually enjoyed the “Amazon brand” comparison. Sometimes I want a product but don’t need to spend $500 on the best available, I just want the best budget product. And I feel like this was a great comparison. Also, I’m not in the market for a dash cam and likely won’t purchase one after watching this video. Thank you PF!
Walmart carried a small dashcam that u could take out of the car and clip on your shirt for hiking etc. They had them for a month, then moved them to clearance. On the shelf they were 25.00 I got one of them and gave 15 for another on clearance. Don't know why they only had them for such a short time. They have the same brand of different cameras still in stock but not the same features
That’s too bad, I was really hoping for this video to be as good as the usual ones.  The problem is, I NEVER trust these Chinese Amazon products with stupid names.  I was hoping to see at least a couple of actual name brand ones in this review, Garmin, Motorola, or whoever else.  Those are the cameras I’d trust, something you can get from Best Buy or something.  I just wouldn’t even consider any of these just because I don’t know a single brand.
*I bought the VIOFO about 2 years ago, and I believe it comes with a polarized lens or filter to put on the front of the lens which is a plus for me*
Nice video. Have you done a test of duct tape? Military million mile tape, Gorilla tape, etc.
17:45 FYI, if you need two cameras or even three you don’t and shouldn’t buy two cameras, get the Viofo A229 Plus or A229 Pro. They’re mostly always on sale, and you just need to run one cable for the rear camera.   I’ve been running Viofo cameras on my cars and recommend them to others for years. Currently I am using the A329 their newest camera that has 4K 60 FPS front and 1440P rear. On the pricy side but with the hardwire kit I have parking protection and a ton of great features
You didn't test it, but I'm a huge fan of 70mai a800s (the have a newer version, a810s, but I can only speak of the a800s). I have tried quite a few different brands and cameras and so far 70mai cameras have been the best, followed by Aukey but I don't think Aukey makes dash cams anymore. 70mai also has a 360 camera but I also can't speak to it's usefulness either, but if the 360 cams use the same sensors i can only imagine that they maintain excellent image quality .
Thankyou for the useful information
For me the important thing is that the footage not be used against me. Do these have a button to wipe footage / password protect?
What model viofo did you test?
You forgot to test the most important test. Reading license plates at night since they are reflective more than street signs.
Can't go wrong with a viofo. Had one since 2015 still going strong. Purchased a second one that came with a rear camera for a second vehicle in 2021.
It sounds like you're saying Biden and yes he was struggling most of the time
LOVE this review.  I already have a dash cam and was able to prove to the Police Officer that I had the green arrow at the intersection which proved that the teen who hit me head on was the one at fault. Every vehicle should have one.  Especially parents of irresponsible teens who are just learning to drive.  Ive captured a lot of stupidity on the road.
How could you skip testing something from Thinkware?
What happened to the aukey those were great dual dash cams systems for cars with very good image quality !!
The point of the rear facing camera is not what behind the car but what is in the car.
You got a DeLorean somewhere?
DUDE.... YOUR VOICE MADE ME DISLIKE AND STOP THE VIDEO......
The guy in the white dodge was awful nice to drive by at the same time every time you tested the cameras.  😅 thats like movie production filiming!
Excellent - as always.
You do a great job!
gotta comment just for the algorithm to get this video up
Have to review rear view camera next and camera thst can be used instead of side mirrors. Love your work
He's reviewed another thing I could use -- very impressive!
Please do Part 2 and compare the Viofo to more expensive "brand name" dash cams, like Momento M8 and Blackvue.
Haven't watched this yet but VIOFO all the way!! 💪💪🔥🔥
Why are you shouting..?
I was honestly hoping that this video was going to include some of the more expensive brands that I've been looking into.. But the VIOFO was definitely one of the brands that has been on my list and am glad to see that it lives up to the hype in real world situations.. And the cool crazy was definitely a pretty good comparison to the VIOFO..  But I definitely wouldn't mind a shootout with the top 3 brands of this video to the next top 5 best dashcam on the market to see how they stack up.. And see if they can still hold up against a dashcam with better optics and boards in them
There are so many from which to choose.  We have dash cams on all our cars and they have proven invaluable on multiple occasions.  I have multiple manufacturers’ cams and Heaboli is my current favorite.
Thank you for this test
I’d love to see dehumidifiers. There’s so much different info on each one that it’s overwhelming
I just use the ones in my car — forward, backward, and both side looking.  Not 4K, but good and included in car.  I think quality matters only if you’re a third party.  If you need the video for a first/second party incident, the interactions are close enough that 1080, 4K, 8K, all are the same level of usefulness.
Mini-USB port in 2025???? Such a crime!!!
The video I’ve been needing.  Project farm always coming in clutch 🫡
I missed a chart about the true video resolutions and bitrates. But nice review.
Pruveeo does so much better than that. I don't know what camera you were using, but you kept saying something about "1080p". Pruveeo Is the only camera I use, because it outperformed everything that I've ever bought before.
The one thing that'd be nice to see in addition to these tests are the parking mode power draw for those cameras that have this option. Been looking for a replacement for my old dashcam for a while, but reviews are super sketchy. Nice to see PF do a proper test!
Can you review governments? Which ones helped the economy and decreased the debt etc?
What's the best camera for a motorcycle?
Thank you Awesome Farm Guy for the........Dash Cams reviews.........                                                            Old F-4 pilot Shoe🇺🇸
I actually bought a Viofo A119 Mini2 two days ago. Your comparison is great confirmation of my purchase decision. I really wish you would have shown us the spaghetti of wires and cables stuck you your windshield for this testing. LOL Thanks for the videos.
Thank you for the video! This is at least the 3rd time I've used your videos for comparisons before making a purchase.
I literally just returned my ovaman to Amazon and bought coolcrazy because of this video. ❤
I have the viofo same as tested just forward facing and love it! Even with a tiny screen it works very well and love the impact sensor too!
Project Farm casually blowing techtubers out of the fucking water
.99 cents 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The amount of work that goes into these videos is staggering. Such great content. Thank you for all you do sir.
Software quality and ease of video export is high on my list, and I prefer Garmin for this vs. a lot of the Chinese brands, suggestion for the next round. Great video (as always) comparing camera quality.
Looks like I will be buying two new car cameras named VIOFO.
Get pulled over driving with 10 cameras in the windshield? 😂  Thanks for this one! As a show recommendation, I’d love to see a video on portable freezers and refrigerators. Compressor based units have become much more popular and affordable.   Cheers!
I love these videos but I have to turn my volume down like five clicks on my phone when he's speaking
About 10yrs ago I started with a mini 0805 in my truck, then about 6 years ago I switched to a Viofo dual camera system and it's been great.  Also, about that time I added a Thinkware dual camera system in both my IROC and my wife's Trax, and I added a Viofo to our younger son's Equinox.  All have been great through bitter cold winters and extremely hot and humid summers here in NE OH.
I've had the rove for around 5 years. Been plugged in since the day I bought it. I have no complaints about it at all. Have needed it more than once and the app made pulling the video off the camera in seconds super easy . But now I'm contemplating upgrading to the viofo. Great video
Now I got to find a 2-camera system from Viofo.
Love what you do, thank you!
Another excellent review, Did you ever look at adding Thinkware to the testing?
I've had the Viofo A229 Pro 3 channel since last June. Been perfect. Very happy with it. The important thing is to use a high or better...extreme endurance card with it and reformat monthly.
Unfortunately you left out the absolute #1 required function of dash cams which is license plate readability. Some dashcam makers have implemented specific software to improve license plate clarity, but some manufactures implementations are SIGNIFICANTLY better than others. Check out The Hook Up's dashcam comparisons to see what that feature looks like
Great review, first time seeing a dashcam showdown, but I see many brands are missing. There are many other better options but it all depends on where you are. I personally recommend Garmin Dash cam.
😊 sir, you have the most timely videos. I was just looking at buying a new dash cam. Have you thought about testing bicycle helmets?
Another EXCELLENT video!😊
Dang I was hoping to see what garmins dashcams look like. If you ever revisit I’d love to see some of their in the line up. I’m sure that there’s other viofis as well that could be added in. But I’ve been looking all over the place for a good dash cam comparison and there’s really not been any! Once again Project Fram delivers!
❤ anyone who appreciates or uses this  tube channel give him a  ❤
Timely information for me. Want to install a front and rear camera on my 1985 Vanagon. Thank you.
You should add some 70mai models to your test. There’s an infamous video maker who purposely lure people into accidents （i know right….) and he is using a 70mai x800. If someone doing this for a living is using it, it should be a pretty good camera😬
I have a Red Tiger Touch, same as you had but with a large touch screen and rear camera. It works great. I use it in personal vehicle and in a commercial truck when plowing public roads. Works great by day and by night. No complaints so far.
Currently own a Viofo dash cam and I can't say enough of the value and quality. I really like it and will be getting one for the wife's car when it gets a bit warmer.
Imagine getting pulled over, uh sir why do you have 15 dash cameras all turned on?? Redundancy officer redundancy.  🤣
Wolf Box wins because it has the coolest crazy name , duhoooo . Amazon take my money now but why no Japanese or German dash cams or U.S. for that matter ?
I'm using Viofo for 5 years and it does its job. there are much better dashcams like ThinkWare U3000 but for 5 times more money.
VERY comprehensive testing. I've been running the Viofo A19 dual channel (front and rear) kit for years.  What surprises me is that dash cams haven't really improved since.  I'm okay with 1080p in the back as Michigan doesn't have forward license plates, anyway, and solar eclipse proof window tint is the norm these days. Great work, Todd!
Wish you had done this before Christmas.  I am happy with my Arifayz though.
I run the Viofo 229 4k on my vehicles & they work great in the dark & with plates
I've watched a ton of your videos. I would say this was one of the most informative ones yet. Thank you, I appreciate you taking your time to bringing us information like this. I might just have found the one I want. Awesome.
I wonder how much better the cams with the Sony Stravis 2 IMX678 are. Some also allow for a double lens, which has a telephoto zoom, for further out plate reading, example being the VIOFO RTC300 Telephoto Camera for A229. But of course most cost way over $100.
Something to consider with those multi channel cameras is how they eat up processing power and reduce image quality with the more cameras you plug in. Or so that's what Ive read. I haven't seen anyone test for that.  There's also the issue of whether or not they'll continue to record when experiencing Gs from an actual impact.  Personally, I don't think there's much point in testing sub $100 dash cams. At that price point, I feel like youre basically getting toy camera sensors.
So you get what you pay for, buy once cry once
Good video
Awesome! We bugged him enough to finally da a dashcam review 🎉
I've owned multiple Viofo cameras, always been the best value and quality!
Excellent work yet again
You should've included Viofo's cam that has Starvis 2 sensor. It comes in 2 or 3 channel. It seems to be the best on the market currently for pic quality, but has an annoying bug where you ultimately have to choose between 60fpa OR HDR (auto mode won't remember your setting)
Nicely done! so much work to test all these I'm sure. Try some durability testing next time, like cold or hot temp operation. I have two Rexing cameras over 5 years old (no battery, capacitor type) and both still work reliably as new, even in +30C to -30C I'm really impressed with them. SD cards I purchased with them (SanDisk Endurance) still work too. Neither cam has caught any accident thankfully, Just deer and horrible drivers.
As usual, great test methodology, choice of tests to determine what's best across performance metrics and cadence walking through the tests and results - thank you! Product test suggestion: caulk. Tests: reduced humidity for months (skrinkage/elasticity), mildew resistance, exposure to UV to simulate years or age, paint-ability, silicon vs latex, etc.
The Viofo has a next tier model that is basically the same, but it comes with a 2nd 1080p camera for the rear. Overall, your testing confirms my experience, it's a fantastic dashcam.
Out there doing the real work. Great analysis. Amazing job as usual.
Finally, I was looking for this video a long time ago
Could you review those precision electric screwdrivers? Thanks!
is this a better option than a gopro or insta 360 1r with the one inch sensor, or even a 360 camera? other youtubers said Vantrue N4 Pro was a great option. What about the garmin drivecam gps unit? getting a garmin gps unit with a builtin dashcam sound pretty amazing if you ask me, if it performs well.
After numerous dash cams, I settled in with the coolpixs one vehicle and two other brands in my other vehicles. When I first started out, I bought three Garmin cameras, and all three of them overheated in the sunlight, and blew out the battery, and the capacitor and Garmin was such an upset being so expensive a brand name and having the cheapest internal parts
Which of the devices has a USB-C port? I don't buy devices without a USB-C port. Unfortunately, the test winner only has a mini USB port and is no longer up-to-date.
There is a 300$ viofo pro version with rear camera
Thank you for this test!  Great info!
I'm surprised that Viofo didn't have a price increase, rather a reduction to $100. Still not sold out 😂
Your videos are reallly good but your voice...OMG...it's unbearable more than 2-3min. Holy cow...speak slowly, get off the forced high pitch and calm down...holy shit I've a headache now...
If you think the Viofo w/STARVIS sensor is good, wait until you see the STARVIS 2 sensor from Sony. Viofos new models have them. The night vision especially is immensely different.
Great work as usual Todd! I love your video's! I realize this gets expensive buying and the testing stuff. I tried the ROVE R2 a while back but sent it back promptly as it was not acceptable, even though reviews are mostly good. Most of these Cams you've tested are not worth your time or our consideration. Could you test some decent higher end cameras? Like from $120 and up to $300 or so. Thanks for all your honest reviews.
This gunna be good!
The only advice I can add to anyone in the market - is get a can with its own screen that doesn't RELY on your phone to see a video.  The car and cam constantly fighting each other to connect to your phone is severely aggravating to say the least.  Had a Garmin mini 2 and got rid of it for the Garmin 67W instead.  I don't even know how to fully use it - but you can pull it off the windshield and show police a video of need be - without spending 45 minutes trying to get the phone, the app, and the cam to all decide to work with each other.
This is perfect for me. Thank you Mr project farm. I absolutely love how you handle things and truly appreciate your honesty and thorough service
great work. will be looking at those top three,
There're literally hundreds of these no name brands.   Thanks for weeding out all the garbage.  I would've add a brand name dash cam into the test and see how it performs with the rest??  Also  a reliability test to see how they perform in extreme cold and heat would've be nice.
The Miden and E-Yeeger would be ideal dashcams if you want your footage to look like it was recorded from GTA San Andreas and GTA 4 respectively.  That being said it does seem like you get what you pay for with dashcams.
Wanted to point out that the biggest reason to own a dash cam isn't necessarily to get details like license plates etc, it's to make sure that you have footage of you driving like you are supposed to when sending the footage of an accident to your insurance.
As a viofo user since 8+ years these tests tells me that my money was well spent.
Great video!  I converted my GoPro Hero 12 to use as my dash cam!  Works awesome for me.
Hello Todd, Could you do a part #2 on these video monitors, since there were many details that you didn't address? Such as how long will each unit record before it overwrites the previous recordings? Also perhaps where the best mounting locations for each unit? Is it best to "hard wire" these units, since plugging them into a "cigarette lighter" plug looks tacky and is cumbersome, and some of us who have older vehicles have other electronic devices requiring the same plug. Thanks for your taking the time to research and share these videos with us! Also, do any of these units record conversations inside the vehicle?
Aiofo a129 is a dual dash cam. I have great results with the rear cam.
I really want to see how your vehicle looked with all those dash cams across your windshield lol  Thank you for making this channel! Been watching your videos for over 3 years and really enjoy all these tests your provide for us!
I would buy 2 Viofo and use one for the front and one for the rear.  It is just the best of these and none of the others were as good in any of the tests to my eyes.
VIOFO!!
THANK YOU!!!
I literally ordered the Viofo for my mom a few days ago and I'm relieved I chose the right one!
Cheap dashcam from china works for me. As long as it's able to proof I m innocent in accident is Good. But will be better with WiFi connection and video format compatible with Android phone. Some video files were encrypted and unplayable outside dashcam.
What? No Garmin?
I have a rove 2duo or whatever, they stopped making it, but it’s been such a great camera. 100% swear by dashcams and will never not have one
A cheap option is a 4k action cam some of them have a dash cam setting so will turn on with the car. I had a crosstour 4k and it was sharp. Ended up switching to a vsysto s2 but its a motorbike dual camera about £120 with a screen cheaper without a screen.
Have a Viofo T130 3-channel since 2022, living in Houston and still going strong.
I just replaced my tailgate cam because the mounting bracket rusted away and the lens was damaged by the sun I think.  Don't remember what brand it is and don't know what I replaced it with, but the new camera is much better than the older one and has a wider field of view.  I bought one not too long ago that goes on the rearview mirror.  Sounded like a great idea but I didn't like it at all.  The cameras were okay, but afer all my years using a regular mirror the camera was almost useless in the daytime and I never installed it to use after a trial test.  The one with the screen mounting on the mirror was good at night but the daytime use was not safe.
Vantrue should of been one of the manufacturers tested. Very good cameras and not that expensive.
I have the same redtiger in this video and have been using it for half a year.  The front cam is okay but the rear cam isnt that great.  And even the "4k" front camera sounds like a stretch.  Might be better to just strap a gopro to your car and call it a day!
Hey Todd. Thanks for posting this video.  I was one of your fans who requested this topic. You are awesome!!!!
Huh no Nextbase?
Most of these dashcams are based on one of just a few different sensor arrays. You're likely to get nearly identity test results among models with common sensors.
I can vouch for the red tiger , got one for my wife trying and rear cams and it's very clear and not too hard to set up.
Viofo A119 is probably my favorite dashcam. I had a v2 that crapped out after 5 years or so (hot summers, frigid winters), but the other v2's on other cars are still running strong (some close to 8 years). Currently running the v3. Image quality has been great even though its an older dashcam now.
You deserve every one of your subscribers...excellent review!👏👏
Wish you did this 3 months ago. My wife bought me the Rove camera. It's good, but a few of these are better. Great video, as always
I got my cheap dashcam off the TikTok shop and it works for me
IF YOU COULD ONLY TALK A LITTLE FASTER……
I enjoy watching your content! Keep them videos coming!
A friend gave me a F7NP for free with back camera. I couldn't be happier with the picture quality with the included polarizing filter.
Amazing Video as always. I'm looking forward to the 1 year test on the headlight restoration kits. Is there a timeline on when that video may be released?
Great review and Work. I don't know how you do it so well.
Any chance you could review generic vehicle brakes from the major auto shops and oem?
There was a guy who compared in even more depth like 20 different cameras. The Viofo came in second place behind  Vantrue N4 Pro 3. The Vantrue did significantly better than the Viofo in his test. This included basically the same tests here, except they were all on license plates.
I just spent a lot of time watching dashcam videos on Reddit and went with what I thought looked the best. Wild that I chose one of the actual best options with the Viofo.
You know I was very surprised to see that you haven't ran any tests on higher power generators or inverters, least that I could find.   You did small ones..  But it would be awesome if you tested like Champion(Open frame Inverter) DuroMax Westinghouse Generac Predator in the 5,000 – 10,000 Running watt range..   Please test the 7,000 or close to it Running Watt Inverters.
I like bar graphs
Finally something that I was interested in but can you try out the little more expensive ones like Garmin and some of the other ones
As always, GREAT STUFF!!!
The VIOFO is also very reliable. It has a large capacitor instead of a battery so it handles heat/cold extremely well!
Best comparison of 2025
I didn't have to watch the video to know VIOFO would come out on top. I have two of their original A118C cams in two cars and they keep going after over 8 years of Canadian weather extremes!
Linus Tech Tips also did a dashcam round up a while back and found many of the more expensive models than were tested here werent all that much better because the processing chips were almost all the same, and almost all bad. I wont link it but feel free to find it, it wont be hard lol
Cool
Any scammer getting in front of you and seeing all those dash cams is saying hell no let’s get out of here
I have a Vantrue N4 Pro, its pretty clear in all situations. 😅
You might have included a couple upmarket cams.   I’m using the top camera by 70Mai the A810 it’s a 4K front and 1080p rear.   The clarity is amazing, equal to $500 systems.  Front + rear = $180US.   Sign up and they often have  substantial sales.
One thing most don't tell you is the bit rate, you can have a 1080p and 4k image look the same.
You’re a legend for this. Ive been looking at dashcams for months and it’s such a saturated market with a trillion options. I appreciate the in depth testing as always
No rexing, vantrue or garmin?? Those are some popular dash cam brands.
Excellent review.  Very helpful.
I bought a Viofo based on other reviews, and yes, it’s as good as he says.
Thank you for doing these tests!  The real Achilles heel of dash cams is that the electronics die in the heat of closed-up cars in summer.  A heat-resistance test would be useful here.
Back to the future Doc, you built a time machine out of a suburban!!!!!
I have been meaning to buy a dashcam for years. Will 10000% take this into consideration when finally getting around to it.
Wow what a nail biter. I was researching dash cams as I've wanted one set up in my car. After everything I gathered, the VIOFO was the best option for me. To see it absolutely crush the competition was a good sight to see. Thanks for the awesome videos as always!
Simple solution for license plate reading. You can buy the cheapest one, mount it to your front bumper, and tailgate everyone.
Which you did something for induction cooktops
The test is unnecessary, with the techology of CSI, all people need to do is enhance and enhance.
I've had the Viofo for about a year now and have been happy with it.
Honestly your simply the best...no bs no fluff just facts!
Would have been helpful if you'd said what the rated ambient operating and/or storage temperatures are for the dash cams. Can the things survive being left in the vehicle in extreme temperatures (say -40C to +50C), typical of an Alberta winter and interior temperature during the summer? The things probably won't operate in these temperatures but they should at least be able to be left overnight in the extreme cold, and in a parked vehicle with the windows up on a hot day during the summer.
Need to rename the Midan to the Biden, it’s just to dim.
IMPORTANT: Yes, the Viofo A119 V3 is a pretty good cam for the money, but anyone living in a hot climate should be aware that the included base gets warped and becomes loose after a few months in 100+ degree heat. I had two of these cameras start to produce barely usable footage because the camera was rattling all over the place even when fully slid into its GPS mount.  The A119 mini 2, A129 and A2XX series all have much better windshield mounts. The A129 Pro I have in my daily driver has been perfect after 4 very hot summers in Arizona. By contrast, my replacement mount holding my A119 V3 in my second car is already getting noticeably looser after a few months being parked in the sun, and the brutal heat is still around the corner.
There’s another channel that does dash cam & radar detector reviews. The VIOFO was the best on his channel as well, BUT which model was the one you tested? I ask because he showed the older model to be superior to the newer model. Also, are there any 4K rear view cameras, at all?
Miden has the Mexico filter
I have a cheap one that seems to outdo all these as it appears to have features u didnt cover. when I park my car in a parking lot, it remains on monitoring and if not on, it monitors movement, if someone touches the car it turns on and starts recording. so if someone hits a car door into my car it will record it. I rather have that and being able to read a street sign which is a useless ability
Depending on which state you live in, to be able to use the dash cam in court it must have an accurate GPS as well as specific parameters, like acceleration, speed etc.  The video itself may require certain timestamp in for example.  Essentially this is all to prevent the video being tampered with.
What a fantastic video, fast straight and to the point. Thank you. Someone else would have made a 10 video series with this.
The eyeeger and cool crazy brands   love those made up brand names 😅
the viofo 129 is old, they have newer ones with even better sensors.
Great job
Here we go again. Grab some popcorn!
Thanks for the info
Viofo, Vantrue, and Blackvue are top 3 for dashcams because their newest cams use the Sony starvis2 sensor.
I've been driving with a dashcam for over 3 years, it has saved me thousands of dollars. People hitting me in the parking lot, debris falling off cars, etc. I feel naked without one. It is a must.
so......   what did you tell the Cops when you went past the same addresses 11 times???   lol
Another banger
Even before I started the video, I purchased the VIOFO Dash Cam A119 Mini 2 last year for my daily strictly off of two different reviews. Very curious what your data will say but either way I’ll probably end up with one of your top picks for one of our other vehicles…
What a wonderful video! Your videos are always outstanding, but this is one of the areas where I just was questioning what camera to buy and this really gives me some direction. Keep up the excellent work and really appreciate your hard work and content you put out
Long-time user of the Viofo. Mine has the rear camera + parking cam. I've been really happy with it. The only complaint is the slow streaming speed to my phone. It's not a big deal since i can just take the sdcard out and put it in my PC. It also has auto save when an impact is detected.
I could play a recording of your voice to keep seagull's off my Deck , it would also keep me away so thank you Don Knotts .
It would be interesting to know who the manufacturer of the camera sensors is.
Thank you.  Smokeless fire pits
Proveeo will also torch your battery after about 12 hours if you forget to turn it off.
Something about that town looks peculiar.
The Viofo A229 Pro, 4K, 3 channels, smokes everything on this list.  I wish it was included!  It all boils down to the sensors.  The A229 uses dual STARVIS sensors.  That's why it costs almost $300, but it actually works.  The others are not worth the dash space in my opinion.  I'm not affiliated with them in any way, but I bought mine a year ago after wasting almost as much money on cheaper options.  Love this channel Todd!  You need to do a comparison of Youtube product testers (grin).  "and the competition is talking too much and saying too little, and the competition is simply not keeping up. and the Project Farm appears to be outperforming the competition, and the Project Farm pulls into the lead".
Great test.  Tons of cameras in the market.
His car must look crazy with 11 cams fitted all at once - lol -. You could look at Properties/Details of the files for the actual recorded resolution.
god we needed this, thank you!!!!
Get two VIOFO cameras. One for the front one for the back. Done. 🙏🏼
I have followed you for years and everything I purchased from your test has proven to be great.  You definitely can’t go by the amazon vendor claims.  You do way more testing by a factor of 10x compared to pretty much everyone.   I have a few dash cams including the Viofo .  Great and thorough testing !  Thanks again from a fellow farmer from Canada!
Thanks for always including country of origin and trying to include USA made options whenever possible
Did you mount every single cam on your car at the same time?
I think the 1440p resolution is the sweet spot. 4K is too much and is more often fake or poor quality. Plus, 1440p takes up less storage space.
You should try the Magic cam.  Pairs to your phone and has front and rear cameras.  They just came out with it
You miss the 70mai brand
I am guessing you are good friends with the local cops.  I cannot imagine them not wanting to question you at times.  I like the red house, that a nice looking place, I really like the woman flash you in the window on one of the passes. Lastly did you pay the guy or make arrangements with the guy in the white truck to be there every shot at the stop sign.  Joking great as always.
Nice. Be interesting to see a comparison of dash cams costing 200 dollars and more. Usually when you own a dash cam and involved in an altercation it's good practice to say the plate number so you also have a voice recording.
Bummer the viofo only has front facing camera.
I am afraid Viofo will raise price soon after this review😂
I got my Viofo 229 Pro Duo on the recommendations of Vortex. No regrets!
can you please test air tags and other different location tracking devices? would love to have one that i can trust to put in my car
Whats the most weight you've towed with the factory Tahoe hitch?
I have had two dash cams both from Walmart. The first one was , $20 and the second about $25. Both shot ,shoot good video. The first one ended up having a cord problem which was my fault. The camera is fine. It has a longer cord so the problem of the first won't happen. It shoots good video. I don't need all of the bells a whistle. I can figure out my speed using distance and time if I had to. Google is tracking my movement ever waking second through my phone so ,I don't need that feature either on a camera. If something happens to it , its twenty five bucks gone not two hundred.
I found a viofo cam that has a 4k front sensor that comes with a rear as well (A129 Pro Duo 4k front, 1080 rear) Definitely see myself purchasing in the near future
Been rocking the Viofo A229 Plus for a couple years and couldn't be happier. Really impressed with the sharpness and dynamic range.
VioFo is an excellent dashcam . I have 5. All have worked flawlessly , some for more than 5 years. Also VioFo is powered by a capacitor , not a battery. Batteries can not take the heat and will fail in a hot summer. Great review , thank you.
Viofo to the moon!
Guy in the red house...  Yes...police. I have a stalker going up and down the road in front of my house.  One test I would like to see is no headlights as if your car was sitting in a parking lot and only ambient light or I.R. light was available.
Maybe its different here in the UK but you didn't seem to test any well-known brands? Just Chinese off brands found on amazon?  Would love to see the best manufacturers of dash cams head to head...
There is so many out there  But only about 3 chip manufacturers  for the Camaras  You can tell by the boot up chime I have the rove r2-4k pro and really like it
what about the Garmin mini 3?
I just bought my fiancée a dash cam and went with the viafo. I have a street guardian myself, wish it was in this review but I can't complain. It is very expensive too. Glad I made a great purchase! Always love your vids.
$2.69? He doesn't live in my state!🤯
just general advice for dashcam users: replace your sd-cards after a year or two.
Before I watch the video I'll say that my 70mai (Xiaomi) is the best one that I've tried.
I am using a viofo for a few years now, I cannot complain. But there are many different viofo cams with different chips inside, some are better at night, some are better at higher speeds, I have the Viofo A 119 mini 2. good test btw
I kinda wish you had vantrue, I've only ever had vantrue dashcams and haven't even heard of quite a few of these dash cams.
The Miden provides more vibes ans aesthetic and pixels
I wish you had also tried a Blackvue DR960X. I own one. It is a true 4K camera (8.8 megapixel CMOS sensor) unlike some of the others you tested. A lot of Chinese models (not all) will use a 2.1MP sensor with is 1080p, but then they double the pixel count to make the image scaled up to 4K. This makes the video grainy. I considered a Viofo, but the 960 smoked it in every video I watched. I love it and have had it for several years now. It can come with a rear camera, but I got the front camera only due to placing it into an F-250 diesel. Rear camera is useless with a 40ft flatbed!
Have you or can you tests broken spark plug removers
you should've also tested the Viofo A129 Pro - its basically an even better version of the A119 V3 but with the much improved Sony Exmor R sensor, its also offered with an optional rearview camera which is using the same excellent sensor as the A119 V3.  additionally, Viofo offers and sells a CPL filter for the A129 Pro and the A119 V3 that you can install and use in both of them (including the add-on rear camera for the A129 Pro) which DRASTICALLY improves footage and removes reflections and glare from the sun
Highly recommend the VIOFO A229 Plus. It goes on sale quite often for $160-$190. I have one installed in my wife's, mother-in-law's, and my vehicle's. I believe it's also one of the recommended ones from wambam.
Always nice to see a video testing something you own/use and it turns out to be the 'Recommend by Project Farm' item.  As a side note though, the VIOFO does have a selection of cameras that include a rear camera.
Doing god's work 🙏🏼
Thank you
Seriously thank you for this video.  I have been wanting to purchase one for awhile and this really helped.  I know you pay out of pocket for the items you test but I would love to see a 4K higher price point test ($180-$300) if possible.
Great review as always, and just the job as I was looking to purchase a dash cam shortly!!
You should do a part 2 and include vantrue dash cam
Excellent, Todd!  Looks like you mounted all of them your dash.  VIOFO is the clear winner and I might get one.  If you haven't done a comparison of rear view cameras for backing out of driveways or parking lots, backing into parking lot spaces, parallel parking, etc., please consider that.  My 1995 car doesn't have one, of course, but mounting in the rear dash, or under trunk or rear bumper even better, with a resolution and screen big enough for a clear view, which older vehicles could easily accommodate without blocking AC vents would be what I'm interested in.  One of my AC vents and the digital clock are above my sound system.  I've seen dashboard-mount replacement sound systems which have a pull-out flip-up screen said to be made for vehicles like mine, but I'm happy with the sound system I have now and those are crazy expensive.  Thanks in advance.  If you have done a video like that, please give me the link.
Thank your for this review. I have a question. I am looking to purchase a dash cam but I am worried about installation. Who would you guys trust to install these cams?  I have a 2023 Kia Sportage hybrid. Every time I think about getting a cam I get a bit afraid when I think about someone pulling off panels and routing wires and connecting those wires to the electrical systems in my car. Should I be worried about this and if so then who can I trust? The people at Best Buy? Will the Kia dealer do it (I doubt that)???
One thing I find curious is who does and does not play in the dedicated dashcam space. It's not Insta. It's not GoPro. It's not Nikon or Canon or Sony or Pentax or Samsung any other big camera brand. Garmin is maybe the biggest, most trusted brand name in the place, but they aren't a camera company. Why? Is it just because people won't spend good money for high quality for a dashcam that is permanently installed as break-in bait, meaning only cheapo crap can hit the natural price point with essentially all the same sensors and internals?
Another great video from Project Farm.
It's super validating for me to see the VIOFO come out on top as that's what I ended up getting last year 😊
Perfect timing, I'm looking for a replacement dash cam after the mount of my last one failed
its all about the sensor, I have a 70mai A510 with a STARVIS 2 IMX675 sensor and its amazing and has good features like parking mode. It's also a double cam setup for $109.
Viofo does offer a front/rear camera, the A129
Do a review on trail/game cameras $150 and lower.
Viofo ftw. I use their A229 Pro dual channel setup.
I have the Wolfbox 900 Pro rear view mirror camera system. The front camera with optional anti-glare filter lens has excellent image quality, but my device has recently developed some quirks. The WiFi will automatically be enabled without my command and the unit locks up. Full power cycle from the power cable resets the unit, but it will happen again and again. Without this issue, I would be completely satisfied.  I live very close to you.. Or..... You live very close to me.
Oh.. No BlackVue.. thats to bad.  How come you didn't had a BlackVue Dash Cam in your test?
all of them are NOT worth my money.....Chineseium garbage
If you drive for Uber/Lyft, you may want to consider the WolfBox for the front/rear/cabin cam. It does well for daytime driving as well.
I was disappointed about all dash cams I could find so I bought a proper GoPro. And since I jump from one car to another all day it's great to have it working on batteries. Only make sure you have an extra battery and a charger with you.
Thanks!
A really good set of tests. Dash cams can be a real lucky dip especially at the lower end but there are some decent ones out there. Nice Job.
It would be amazing if you could do this with branded dash cams. Viofo, Garmin, Blackview, Nextbase. I know they’re more expensive but I never buy any of these random unknown Chinese brands off of Amazon.
My family all have dash cams and for me the best has been from Rexing V1P, based simply on its heat tolerance. Many of the other brands literally melted in the Florida sun. But it does also luckily have great performance in the $100-150 price category.
If you could do a similar comparison with Blackvue and Thinkware at some point - both brands are made in South Korea, vice the PRC like all the examples in this video.
I love my Garmin dash cam.
"Performing about .99 cents better" 😂 That's being generous.  Awesome reviews as always!
I got a dashcam recently after someone purpot ran me off the road while I was passing them. I wanted a rearview mirror style and the offers were scant, but I got a Pelsee and I'm very pleased with it. I think it would rank as good or better than any of these, but it was a bit more expensive.  Also, I wasn't even thinking about passing that person until they started straddling the center line every time we hit a passing zone. That gave me a feeling that they might be kind of nuts and I just wanted to get away from them. Turned out I was right. They were totally nuts.
The way cops behave these things can save you a ton of time and money. Maybe even your life.
I have had several Rove units. They last about 2 years and the GPS finally can no longer recognize the new satellites. They also get flaky in operation and the clock functions are horrible. Thank you for another great evaluation.
I did similar tests with a hand full of dash cams and came to the same conclusion about viofo. It's sad that no one seems to make anything even better than viofo for people willing to pay more for better equipment.
I've had good luck with the VanTrue E3 (and N4) dashcams. One thing to note, many of them will use the same Sony sensor, so it's really just about packaging, support, and price.   A few tips for those in the market:  - If you live in a hot environment, make sure you get one with a super capacitor (Thinkware, VanTrue, etc.) as they do get hit from sunlight + the interior of the car = dead li-ion. - If you want 360deg coverage, consider going for 2x cameras with front+rear, mount one front to the windshield, one to the rear window, and mount the rears to the side windows (one each side). I did 2x with front+interior+rear, and so I have the added forward and backward looking interior (6x cams). It's *way* cheaper than buying a proper 4-5ch unit. - Spend on the Samsung Pro Endurance or SanDisk Extreme mSD's built for dashcams (both of these go on sale a lot). I was going through microSD's pretty rapidly before I switched. Go bigger if it's not much more $$, as that'll give you more mSD cell-wear protection in the card. I've been using 256Gb, since they were cheap.  I already had them pay off. I got in a fender bender a few months back, no damage. I was able to show on the cam the other driver's damage was preexisting (she slammed on the brakes) and we both agreed no harm no foul.
This video made me even happier with my purchase of a VIOFO! This channel is awesome!
Advertised resolution: 4K What the actual video feels like: 480p
Is that a Back to the Future license plate?
I was surprised that Blackvue was not included. I was led to believe that Blackvue was the industry leader.
Thanks for this video! I wonder where my Garmin mini 2 falls in this comparison. Hopefully on the better side
Get the Viofo A229 Pro.
I've had a VIOFO for quite a while now, different model, the T130 3 Channel. I'm overa all happy with it but have had a few small hiccups. Which seem to have evaporated after hard wiring the power for it so it no longer relied on power from the USB port or 12V power socket. My biggest complaint is when pulling footage off the camera it takes more than a minute to pull off a one minute video file.   Also I understand you don't think 1080p is good enough for the rear camera, but honestly it could be 720p and be sufficient when the goal is just to show what was behind you and to show a vehicle hit you or that someone passed you... It doesn't need to be the highest quality.
Absolutely thank you for this review
Perfect! I have been looking for a new dashcam for a while now. My big thing is quality and body size of the unit. Thanks for this review
Call me again when the first manufacturer introduced a camera with automatic HDR activation.
Please do one of these on them laser measuring tools!
I had a dash cam for a few years that recorded out the front and in the cabin that had the option to plug it into the OBD II port so if someone hit the car, or broke into it (my case) the camera would automatically turn on and start recording as soon as it sensed an impact, collision, or vibrations of any sort. The thing I hated about it was trying to pull video off the camera. I would love to get one that allows for me to pull video using my phone so I can send to the officer’s email on the spot.  As a side note: I would love to see a picture of what your windshield looked like with all the cameras mounted at the same time. Probably gotten some looks if you pulled over for fuel or a drink or something.
The Blooooootooooth has been connected
What an enlightening test.  My choices of dash cams are sub par. This must be corrected.
how about comparing band=aids?
Useful tip, don't stick on the windshield or were it will be in direct sunlight. It will, at the very least, overheat, or just melt.
I love my Viofo 3 channel set up, but I did notice that I had to turn off HDR in order to get passing by signs legible when paused. I also recommend USB C connections for additional cameras, the small snap in kind break or lose connection easy.
Did anyone else notice a white ram in every shot testing the street sign Im guessing you must have put them all on the dash at the same time?  Imagine what people think passing seeing someone with 10 cameras on their dash 😂
Thanks Todd!
Fantastic video. I see that Viofo does have options for 2 and 3 sensor cameras, although they are a bit pricey. Will likely be what I purchase,  and I will definitely be keeping my eye open for cameras with the Sony Starvis 2 sensor it uses.
What a crummy industry.  Something like the VIOFO is seen as high quality when it's really just barely acceptable.  Why don't legit manufacturers produce excellent quality products in this sector?
My Thinkware pro is killer. Pricy but works well
At least the E-Yeeger was nice enough to say goodbye after you died in a collision. 😅
You need rear facing camera and side facing camera's when facing government militarized freemason traitor trash that work for a foreign entity on American soil.. 🤬
Thumbs up only 10 seconds in.. 😎💯
Some of these dashcam are a total waste of money.  Especially those that still feature 1080p. And some of these are old school.  They're not the latest.
None of those cameras actually went into night vision mode, because in night vision mode, the image would be black and white.  You were really testing their colour ability in low light.  If you take the cameras out onto a dark road where they have to go into night vision mode, don't expect the 4k cameras to perform better than the 1080p camera, because almost all 4k camera use a feature called "pixel binning" to effectively combine the output of 4 adjacent sensor pixel into a single pixel. This means that in night vision mode a 4k camera has the same resolution as a 1080p camera (i.e 1920x1080)
Can you test Spray Foam Tire Shine?
I’ve had a few dash cams over the years. Currently have a Nexcar dash cam in my truck. It’s nice having the videos on my phone but it doesn’t always start when I drive.
🐐!
Should have tested one of the decent Viofo units, using Starvis 2 and with rear recording.
Been looking at dashcams recently. This video and LTTs on the same topic are both open in separate tabs on my second monitor!!
Thanks for the information I just ordered a Viofo camera from Amazon my old Bluesky camera works pretty good during the day but not at night.
I’m glad I never bought a dash cam for the past years when I wanted one…now is the time
I wish you could test long term reliability. I've had a few that just stop recording, without any warning.
Omg this was like watching a car auction... unbearable to watch.
Please I need a pic of all these cameras mounted in your car.  PLEASE
Thank you for doing the research!! MUCH APPRECIATE this excellent comparison video!
viofo also makes 4k versions. in my car i have the a129 pro duo 4k with rear camera. blows me away that the 1440p a119 looks better than all these cheap 4k cameras.
I have had the viofo a229 for several years in both my cars. It has front & rear and also important to me is the GPS so my speed is recorded. The GPS isn't for location, it is for speed detection in case anyone was wondering. I did my research back then and it came out on top. For the price you can't beat it.
Why didn't you test 70mai models by xiaomi? They are wery popular in EU region
You could make this dash cam test video #1 and probably do 5 videos with the many dash cams on the market, though some of them are the same sold in different plastic casings and brand names. If I had a dash cam 18 months ago I would have caught a school bus doing a power slide left turn on a wet road, yes with children on the bus. Yes I reported it, yes the driver was fired. No it didn’t reach the news.
if you can redo this but with the major brands like viofo, blackvue, thinkware
All of the dash cams were disappointing and performed poorly. I get better performance from my old cellphone.
CAN YOU MAKE THE AUDIO ANY WORSE. I stopped listening when you sped it up to hyperventilate mode, but now my wife and son asked me not to play the patchwork, cut and paste pieces while they were in the room. Buddy, you have a great format, but you are getting too irritating to listen to.🥲
How about testing security cameras and/or trail cams?
Yet another Great review
Viofo is a graet picture but i have 2 dead ones at home that lasted about a year. It might be the harsh temperatures we have in Canada
Ive held off buying a dashcam until you did a review. Thank you so much!
I have two cameras and they're both VIOFO models.  Looks like I chose well.  :)
It's a great video, I'm surprised you didn't do a few of the premium ($200+) cameras as well like the Vantrue N4 or Cobra SC 400D, which I have personally and it seems to me my Cobra outperforms everything you've put up here in general use.
Damn, I bought a higher end wolfbox mirror/cam. W/the external rear camera.  Would have been cool to have it in the comparison.
Red tigers customer support is poor. My Red T dashcam broke the day after the return window which also happened to be the same day I got rear ended. Don’t buy!
Compare bread makers!  My wife needs one
Two missing from here, Vantrue N4 Pro, DDPAI
Another thing I'd be interested in is microphone quality, and if the app is designed where it's easy to use or not. I know some of the dash cams I've had, they had a great picture and great audio quality but the app was basically unusable garbage and you couldn't even download your videos. You could still use an SD card reader, but then it rendered the Wi-Fi feature useless.
🙏🏼👍
I see terrible driving all the time, but these devices cover one driver more than anyone else. If I was perfect, that wouldn't bother me, but most are not, and will be used to incriminate ourselves.
Thanks for the video on dash cams.  I've looked at them in the past many times and got lost quitting every time.  Got the Viofo using your link.
Thank you! Been looking at dash cams and you've helped me choose.
To take inspiration from the bandaid on your thumb. Why not cover bandaids? Which ones are best for hard work, wear and tear, water resistant/water proof, adhesive strength, etc.
Great job. Good information
I wish we had a choice of stores other than Amazon. They struggle to deliver the correct items on time. Terrible customer service that isn’t allowed to solve problems
Where's the Milwaukee dashcam,surely they make one???!
80% of the video is recorded on the dash cams! Love your reviews ❤
You ought to do another dash cam video with the other big major brands and use their higher end models like thinkware u3000, blackvue dr970, viofo A329, vueroid d21. Also maybe do a test of reading a license plate at night. Maybe even torture test with hot and cold temps. Could even test their parking modes and the current draw.
$100 is crazy for some of these 🤣 Also the picture or video will get better once you save it some adjust ...and unless it has a lense for Sony etc then they are useless these 4k etc ones usually look worse than 1080😂
OMG, you have no idea how much I needed this video!
I sure appreciate your channel. So helpful to people like me who (heretofore)  often buy blindly.
Have been using VIOFO cams for years now. Put a A119 in my girlfriends car and a A119S in my truck over the years never any issues handle's the heat well. When we traded in my girlfriends car last year for a SUV we left the camera in the car and put a VIOFO A139Pro in the SUV. It works great...
Some president (not likely THIS one) needs to snatch this guy up and put him in charge of the Consumer Protection Agency. Product quality would SKYROCKET in this country and worldwide. Honestly, surprised that he hasn't been threatened by companies making 3rd rate crap yet.
Viofo does offer 3ch Dasch cam as I do have one.
useful information, but your crazy-voice presentation pretty much ruined the video, couldn't finish watching it.
Cheap Chinese electronics everywhere. Great comparison video!
Can you do battery lawnmowers please ?
Another great video! Multiple products ive purchaed now based from your reccomendations! Have you thought about muscle massaging guns?   Theres lots on the market at wildly different price points?
What happened to your voice? 😳
Nice review! Thank you! Wondering how the Garmins stack up.
$2.69 for gas !!!?!?! I'm paying $4 / gallon here in Vegas !!!!
Viofo is the brand recommended by Wham BAAM Teslacam.    If it's the one they recommend when you encounter a Tesla Behaving Badly, it's got to be good.
My man has to look like a maniac driving around with 20 dash cams all mounted at the same time
Mr. ProjectFarm, again, thank you, another Video, something i need, i dont have enough time to check myself what would be good, you save me time money and headaches
You should note if the dashcams have optional extras for sale like CPL filters(reduces glare) and the hardware kit to enable parking mode(detecting movement while the car is off). These features absolutely shows which companies are more invested into making better dash cams. Also you should do a super capacitor line up of dash cams. These are especially important in states where hot weather is common. There are very few lithium powered dashcams like the A119 models from VIOFO that can survive the intense heat. Perhaps simulate a hot car interior with a heating lamp as well.
Ovaman is a hilarious name for a camera, if you know you know.
Reading my mind
Thank you, due to your great video reviews, I just found and purchased, brand new, and sealed in the box, the (same model) CoolCrazy Dash Cam in this review - for $50 🙂
Everyone should know all these are B's no offense your wasting your time other than a few I wouldn't even waste money you need to test name brands 🤣 my mom just bought one on temu deals like a $1 store toy 😂 not going to get anything decent unless it's close to $50 and above
The real story here is gas for $2.69, in socal it’s $4.69 down the street, and toward LA county it can be $5.69. My government sucks
Lit box NOT lighted box cant you speak english
Excellent test, most dashcam tests aren't as thorough. I'd already put Viofo top of my list due to other reviews so its nice to have that confirmed here
EVERYBODY KNOWS NON SONY SENSOR DASHCAMS CANT COMPLETE WITH SONY STARVIS SENSOR DASHCAMS... NOT EVEN CLOSE IT IS THE NO.1 SENSOR IN THE WORLD! WHAT U SHOULD DO INSTEAD IS A COMPARISON BETWEEN THE BIGGEST BRANDS W SONY STARVIS SENSORS LIKE VIOFO, 70MAI AND BLACKVUE (NOT INCLUDED IN THE VIDEOS?) ETC...
Can you test which camera holo you better to crash or hits. Most will fall from the windshield when hit.
Ive got a Viofo A119, they make a 229 which is the newer wifi/4k version. Both are great!
Glad I picked the VIOFO A229 Plus 2K front and back cam.
+  Great job, thanks!
Viofo has always been the best budget choice, I've used Viofo dashcams on all of my vehicles and is my go to brand when gifting someone a dashcam.
I have the Arifayz.  I don't like it though, because it takes too long to download footage.
Love your reviews, typically the gold standard. But not having any of the newer Viofo's, Thinkware, or even the best seller at Best Buy, the Rexing, is a massive oversight imo. Would love to see this done again with the Thinkware f200, q200, u1000, u3000, Viofo A229, A329. Also, I would have loved to see you run some other tests like real-world battery drain performance of modes like parking mode/motion/radar. Would love to see a follow up, keep up the great work!
Thank you for this video, I'm currently looking into getting a dash cam 🙂
I've had a Viofo camera in my car for many years now, good to know I made the right choice!
Scott Kilmer recommended the viofo so I installed it. I used it one time to help a hit and run victim who was very appreciative.
What about the Insta360 Dashcam ?
Get a DDPai z60 dashcam.. worth every penny, able to connect to 4G for live remote viewing
Missed an opportunity with VanTrue.
What about best app for pulling data to the phone
A tip for any dashcam owners, don't trust the camera to pick up the plate, many conditions can leave it unreadable. Let your dash cam record audio, and if you ever get into an incident, read the plate out loud so you can listen to it later. I learned this from a motorcyclist since their conditions are even worse.
Glad to see these results, as I have a Viofo dashcam in my car.
Just in general, your viewership DOES tend to sit at the intersection of "Main" and "Peculiar".  :D
Really should have included the 70mai flagship with a Starvis 2.
Great reviews!!
Another great video, thanks! I wish you would have included the Vantrue though. I have heard good things about it.  I may just get a Viofo since they're highly rated.
was thinking about just using a Go Pro...THX for doing this video
Might have to upgrade the 1 i have...if i buy the viofo from your amazon link will you get a kickback so you can get some of your costs back...willing to support your channel
Thanks for your hard work showing us which products are best at performance
SUPERIOR work, as usual.  Just HAPPENED to be considering a dashcam recently.  VERY IMPRESSIVE!
Can you test the DJI  Osmo Action 4 , that people are using as a Dash Cam  ?
Are you reading my mind? My daughter has been bugging me to get one since she has one in her car.
I can appreciate that you tested the lower end dashcams but you'll notice the quality of every camera you tested is laughable compared to the newer premium products on the market which were absent from your test. To get usable and reliable footage from a dashcam you'll often need to spend more than the high end of this test considered. I think a lot of us that have a higher budget and want quality cameras are looking for tests between premium manufacturers. BlackVue & Thinkware cameras weren't even tested in this? Viofo wasn't given the opportunity to have their latest model tested? That's pretty disappointing.
What an amazing analysis!! Thank you for your hard work!
I've been hopeful for this video for awhile
Still disappointed that it's 2025 -- none of them offer encryption with password/pin protected playback. Nor do they have a "secure delete" option. The likelyhood of it being used as evidence against me vs in my favor is a wash.
Wow Sir, you amaze me. Every time. 👍🏼
Redtiger is not very good.  Not complaining about the photo quality  but that dash cam will die in two to three years.  I don't recommend it.  Mine is dead!!!!  Others also having the same problem.  Search online.
You saved me from a mistake. So glad I saw this video, Another useful video!
LTT did a comparison 2+ yrs ago and also recommended the VIOFO A119 V3, they found basically all dashcams used the same sensors and processors which limited image quality. The VIOFO used the newest ones and focused on clarity rather than upscaling to 4k which is why it looks the best/clearest. Can't say I'm not disappointed there's been no improvement in the last 2+ yrs though.
You can always buy a smartphone and turn itninto a dashcam guys they have plenty of software that supports it. It will he the best thing because even a low end phone takes better vieeo than 80% of the dash cams on the market
I saw one of those outdoor shots driving around and through that looked fairly Peculiar. LOL.
Just as important as the video capture, consider the ease of use and retrieval of data. Not all dash cams are user friendly.
How about a canvas cleaner show down at the project farm corral?
wolfbox mailbox looks cleanest tbh @ 10:06
Been a long time watcher of your channel what I would like to see is brand on brand comparison i.e. DeWalt versus DeWalt same style drill or in this instance camera versus camera to see if there’s any difference across the board.  I have DeWalt tools that’s what my job uses I have bought several Dewalt impacts, I’ve had one for years that has lasted forever and a brand new one same style that lasted a couple of months.  I’d be interested to see the same style and brand comparison. You know the old adage it was built on a Friday it’s never gonna last.
Project farm reviews. I watch. I buy  Seems like the folks at Linus Tech Tips are doing their job right! Imagine Project farm becoming a benchmark to test other youtubers.  Man, life is not worth it without your reviews! Thank you very much
I'd purchase the Miden if I was making a horror movie.
The Viofo A119 has been crushing the competition for years, it's very surprising no brand has been able to catch up yet!  Great review as usual!
nice test but you should've thrown in some name brands like Garmin or at least BlackBox
I must be confused but how are several of these videos supposed to be a different dash cam but they drive by the same white Ram 1500 at the same time ???
Video suggestion if you haven't already done it. Multi-system engine treatments that can go in oil or gas. What happens when running it in a lawn mower or motorcycle oil?
Nice work bro
Please review TV projectors soon. Thank you
You should have done a temperature test as well. A lot of these dash cams will fry in summer heat.
Can you do Nextbase and Garmin next? <3
This is very helpful and I will heed your recommendation when I buy a dashcam.  I have a suggestion regarding a review, which is metal files, There's such a variety of types, manufacturers, and prices. For example, is it worth buying a Swiss made Vallorbe, is Nicholson close in quality but cheaper and so better value, what about diamond files, cheap import files, etc? I'm thinking about small files for precision work, but I think others might also be interested in the larger ones for steel fabrication type work. I'm sure a lot of viewers would find your review really helpful. Keep up the really great work, you're a champ!
please reconsider a re-test with quality cameras--preferably from Garmin
The a119 v3 is great, but the  Viofo 119 mini 2 is even better then the v3 (Especially at night). a229 Has a great rear camera as well.
I was hoping you would have a couple of top brands, but I understand this is a group of budget dash cams. I’ve been looking at replacing my VanTrue N2 Pro but haven’t seen anything better that’s under $200. I got mine on Amazon for $129 (lightning deal).
Your reviews are the best I have found.  No BS, just real world results. Thank you
Ive been waiting for this! 🎉
viofo is just built better
The only test you didn’t do is the night driving test, how clear and far at night these cameras see. My wife and I have the Wasp, Proof On Demand (P.O.D) 1080 p dash cameras.
Quite the Peculiar video, also I have a different model of Viofo Cam with no screen but a built in rear facing camera and it has been exceptional in my couple years or ownership.
I really hope someone on the road noticed you driving around with like 15 dashcams attached to your windshield lmao
thank you. ive been waiting for this video
Great review for these front facing cams! Never leave home without one! I am running VANTRUE N4 4K in both my cars
All I keep thinking of is if you got hit during these tests, you would literally have the best chance at collecting information.
Keep it up, great work 💪
The gold standard in product reviews........god bless Project Farm!
I had the Red Tiger and they don't last. The rear one died first after about six months and the front one died after a little more than a year... Will never buy a red Tiger again !
As an uber driver this is definitely relevant to my interests
Every DDG viewer already knew Viofo would win :)
All Dashcam should invest in the SONY STARVIS Technology, I hope STARVIS 3 will come out soon!
Another helpful well done review. Thank you PF.
Would like the more premium market assessment, bring in the best of this bunch too
You missed the Vantrue N4
I knew it, the price chopper water bottle several videos back had me wondering..hey neighbor, well not now, I moved to Oklahoma
I've been using a Viofo here in AU for about 5 years and it's held up fine in our brutal summers.  It's worth considering a camera with a supercapacitor rather than a traditional battery if you're in a harsh climate.
not only did this amazing person buy all these dash cams out of his own pocket can you imagine if while filming this someone tried an insurance scam and brake checked him while filming this?  I just imagine the scammer getting out being tough and seeing over 10 dash cam and Project farm saying "would you like the 480p or 4k resolution sent to the police?" XD
I'm calling it right now, this is about to be one of your highest viewed videos. I would love if you did best microphones
Seems like viofo is the best but they have a bunch more camera. Maybe compare viofo models?
I watched this and just felt a need to jump to amazon and order a camera. Then I remembered I have no car, and won't get one again after the brain damage I got about a year ago. Still it was an excellent video and interesting results that will help anyone who are looking for a dashcam or are frustrated with the quality of their current onw. Cameras come in all kinds of quality and the traditional surveillance video we have seen so many times on TV that's so grainy and badly exposed that you have a hard time telling the difference between a potato and a human is not really what is available today. So get a decent camera or the videos it takes won't be worth anything more than a laugh.
Thanks, I've been thinking about getting one of these
this is exactly what im looking for. Ive been putting off buying one for a year because of differant ratings on differant sites....thanks will now buy
I've been waiting for this, a true test. PF  Tested  ✔️
Love this review!
Great testing, no idea they were all so bad.  I have a Garmin and was never terribly impressed, not the Viofo will get a look.
I wish you did a review on dashcams that cost over $1,000.
Thanks again...😊
Don’t see this in the comments, but I’d like to confirm you pulled the packaging film off the lenses of the cameras before testing?
The Viofo has been around for years, and I own 3. What's disappointing is that there seems to be very little improvement being made to dash cams
I have a viofo, works alright but its not gonna capture a license plate. the problem is they are all two wide angle. If you want to capture licenses plates you need a dash cam with a wide angle and a slight telephoto that can record both feeds separately and you will only find those on cop cars and stuff. you would pay 1000s of dollars for them, even if they should only be about double a normal dash cam (government rates, but technically not that complicated, just a different lens)  dash cams with sony senors generally perform better at night with more dynamic range.
The biggest thing I learned from this dash cam review is unleaded fuel $2.69 and diesel $3.33 . Yesterday i filled up at $4.69 . Three guesses where .
Thank you again for all the work.
i need a backup camera bad please do that next
Viofo sponsored some of my videos I made I was by careful of course before giving buying advice to my audience but for the money and how clear it is…. It’s up there with garmin, BTW they do make a bigger version of this camera with multi camera angles and screens, I use it in my semi trucks. Love your videos, DEUCES
The Vortex radar YouTube channel specializes in vehicle, radar and dash cams. The VIOFO brand is his favorite, but not this model, go to his channel and he has a full review on that specific dash cam
Voifos with capacitors since a bad accident over a decade ago. Also a vsysto on the bike since the MC viofo is twice the price and some 4 wheelers started acting goofy.
It would work better if you remove protective foil from the lens 🙂
Dude, you're the best! Thank you.
proven wrong…by yourself? lol
how is that Same Truck Passing by for Every Different cam test 7:50 - 10:00?
recently I got Viofo 229 pro 2ch. Sure it did cost a pretty penny, but including accessories to plug in directly into fuse box it was still cheaper than what Toyota offers as an upgrade package for some of their cars and there is simply no comparison in terms of quality. 70mai was a bit cheaper, but at this price point you might as well go for the best there is.
did you get these dashcams from amazon on the budget friendly list you forgot to any Blackvue and Thinkware to this video, you need a part 2 with the expensive dash cams because i knew the Viofo would win against cheap dashcams because they were always competing against these 2 other brands i just mentioned,
Nice video! Can we have foam for fence posts tested, please? :)
viofo and vantrue would have been the showdown in this price range. still, great result
I bought a Viofo years ago and the thing has survived 3 winters and summers and is still going strong.
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Todd, another great video!  I have a front facing dash cam that doesn’t compare and in the market for a new one.  I would like to have coverage front and rear as I’ve seen some videos of scammers that hit vehicles while they are completely stopped.  The rear option comparison would be a great benefit.  The information you shared is awesome for going forward but there are those who have gone to rear end scams.  I would love to see the same comparison with the rear camera coverage.   Thanks again for all your great content.
If the camera requires a phone app, I won't buy it.
This pretty much confirms my choice of buying a Viofo (A229 Plus with rear dashcam). That Starvis 2 Sensors really helping make the image clear. The A119 has the first gen Starvis, which was good too(as seen in this vid).
Amazon reviews are worthless.  Project Farm reviews are gold.
Thank you so much for making the video. It’s been a real help.
just what i need with cali drivers somehow getting worse with spring coming!
GET THE POLARIZING FILTER! Another satisfied Viofo A119 user here! I'm on my second Viofo A119 to replace the one I left in my last car. GET THE POLARIZING FILTER! Makes a good camera even better!!
Brother, your reviews are really informative but my God, that 'Dora The Explorer' voice is like nails on a chalkboard. I don't drink but I'm so stressed out by the end that I need a drink. Please bring it down a notch.
Comme toujours très intéressant  As always very interesting ( .be )
Very nice
I had my share of dash cams over the years and I did bought the  VIOFO dash cam, however.....it only lasted me 3 months.  I ended buying a known brandnamed, Kenwood DVR-A301W and so far its been the most reliable Dash cam I owned to date (4 years and going).
heeilyeehe stone cold stutter whatcha gon get
Why are all dashcams made by companies you've never heard of? Where's the Apple, Google or Samsung dashcam? Sony used to rule the small electronics market, where are they in this space?
wow this is perfect timing!!! I'm in the market for a dash cam!
Nice work, I been running VIOFO cameras for a long time...
Not one if these has a 4k sensor. The blatant lying on product specs should be illegal.
Far too few dashcams tested unfortunately. 😢
I installed a dual (front and rear) dash cam about 3 months ago, we were rear-ended about a week ago.  What a major difference having video makes. A 20 min call with Gieco, upload of the video with the app and our claim was fast tracked. No statements swaps with the insurance companies, no delays. We get our car back tomorrow after the repairs.  A front and rear dash cam is worth every penny.  Just FYI I have the 4K GKU D600 which is very affordable at around 70 dollars and the video quality is exceptional, front and rear are crystal clear. Get a high quality Sand Disk Extreme sdcard!
Nice to see I chosen a good brand back in 2020 when I bought a Viofo A129 Duo+ 😃 Now they have seemingly revamped their lineup with some pretty sweet looking cams.  Three main factores that made me go with the Viofo  1. No batteries = this thing will last forever so long as it gets clean power and its onboard power handler doesnt fry.  2. Form factor = it's design is excellent and allows me to tuck it as far up my window, being out of sight and out of mind for me but also hard to spot from outside the car too ('15 Mustang).  3. Raving reviews = this was back in 2020 and it seems they haven't lost their edge 💪
ANOTHER great video!  We've been looking for dashcams and had suggested this video as i trust your testing, but am leary of other creators sponsored 'reviews'.
DO GAME CAMERAS PlEASE!!!!!!!
Props to the editor, I can only imagine the uploads and edits
Love your content, but man your voice is sounding quite whiney, I usually tolerate it, but seems quite severe on this video...
👍🏽🇺🇸👍🏽
Dude. Your license plate. That's classic man, I love it!
Thank you for taking the time to make your videos
WTF is wrong with your voice? Most annoying sound in the world
No Garmin?
All pieces of crap.  Are there really no good ones???
Body cam. I bought a cheapo on Amazon and I would like to see you do body cams.
All I'm going to say is red tiger had pretty good customer service, the camer helped me identify someone who nearly hit me on the road. Also there's nextbase which has some pretty high end cameras
Bro. The BTTF license plate!!!
I love this channel. Clear, concise, and thorough breakdowns.
Thanks Todd, great job as always!
Meh, I use a app on my phone and a dash vent mount.  Works great and its free!
One persistent problem I have with the red tiger is that it constantly beeps when I start the car and claims that you need to format the SD card but I've done that several times formatting the card and the next time I start the car it's beeping that it needs to format the card again. Other than that the camera works just fine.
I bought a redtiger on eBay earlier this year. So I’m pleased but I was worried how it would do!
Would've liked to see an overheating test as a lot of cheap dashcams struggle with that. Also would like to see a higher end dash cam comparison.
"Costs $8 more but performs about 99 cents better!" LMFAO!
It might be important to know that 2.5k and 4k are marketing terms. 4K is actually 3840 pixel (horizontal resolution). The defacto standard name for this resolution is UHD (Ultra High Res.) in consumer electronics. 2.5K is close enough to 2560 pixels.   One important spec for video clarity is the capture rate. It might be 10, 15, 30, or 60 frames per second. The difference is significant. I guess you could check it with a video capture program like VLC.
-What you should have included as a test was how easy it was to use the instructions.  I have the Viofo A114 in this video, but I replaced it with a VanTrue OnDash N4 because the VanTrue has much better video, but also the Viofo was difficult at best to figure out!  The instructions were written in Chinese and then they literally used an online translator and the result was vague and difficult.  The VanTrue instructions leave a bit to be desired, but there is much more information.  The VanTrue was $250, way more than the cams in this video, but I installed it in my '14 Cayman S and put the Viofo in my 2001 Subaru Outback LL Bean airport car.
16:47 The most impressive thing about this image is the gas price.
The Thinkware 1000 series beats them all - at least thus far.  It's not cheap, but when you need to have video for evidence, well, what's that worth ?
China’s naming process for these brands is something else
Thank You, I have been curious about these. Legally they can be a two-edged sword as they can be used as a witness against you in court.
So glad to see you do dash cams. I have one I've used for several years. It was very cheap but works really well. But no rear camera and no parking mode. So I have been wanting to update. This will help me make a decision.
Viofo is the #1 reccomended brand on the reddit dashcam sub. I got the A229 Plus which has front and rear 2k cameras. I like it. They also make a 3 camera (3rd is interior) version for rideshare drivers. I had the Rove 2K but ended up giving that to my friend who is pretty happy with it.
I already knew VIOFO would be number one before watching the video. VIOFO is among the top 5 brands in the in-car camera sector. The v3 versions of the V119-V129 models are proven devices. Their most important feature is that they do not have a battery and contain a capacitor. This is necessary for safety and longevity.
you need to run thing through a temp cycle test to see if they start to fail -20 f to room temp and the room temp to about 130 f and the freezing to 130 f and run a few cycles of each and a few with rapid temp change  you also need to test fast moving plates > 30 MPH and > 50 MPH
Thanks!
i have a viofo a229 plus....2k front and rear camera...also you can use a 3'rd camera with it for recording passengers....that one is limited to 1080....sony sensors are the way to go and that what viofo uses
Alot say 4k but are horrible look my garmin is 1080 looks amazing only complaint is it's horribly slow downloading footage it won't go on wifi even if I take it inside and the time lapse is so fast 😂 but it's managed to get everything no hot warnings or anything either iv had it years now ...I would love the mirror 4k ones then like out my Garmin in the back window maybe 🤌 California drivers 😂
I have the Viofo 🙂
I wish Vantrue was part of this lineup
I have the Vantrue N4 and it does a very good job at capturing video. Had a lady rear end me at a red light last year and my inside and rear camera caught her playing on her phone instead of paying attention on the road. It was 250 bucks but it was a good investment.
Great timing as usual!
I have a Viofo A129 Pro, it fits the bill at all levels.... Maybe a little lack of features (would love a Wifi Station Mode, but it's kinda rare on dashcams without donating a kidney, they had it in a beta firmware but disappeared, seems they're afraid the heat generated by recording+wifi at the same time is too much) and Viofo sorta listens to the community on some forums, not something that happens that often (albeit they don't implement or fix everything, but it does happen, and there's often help when needed) they also have a few accessories, like the permanent/accessory power harness to avoid draining your battery and have parking mode, and the little bluetooth button to lock files (useful, ppl drive bad in southern france)... All in all, your video comforts me in my choice, good brand, works well, and there are often sales on amazon, it's a no brainer :)
Another review idea , cameras to you for YouTube videos ? I've never done a video , but thought about doing . Thanks again
Should have thrown in a few higher end ones for an equal comparison. Blackvue and Momento come to mind here. All these are definitely lower tier units.
can you make another video with more expensive cameras
Viofo does offer front and rear cams i have them in my vehicles.  I bought all mine from shopgoodwill for half price.  Viofo the best
Finally!!! I've been waiting for this one!
No Garmin?
Another great video..Thank you so much. These videos save so many people, so much time. Buying wrong products, and having buyers remorse. Your Channel Rocks..🤘 Keep it up..Well done..
I've had a Viofo for a while and it's universally acclaimed to have the best bang for the buck with a genuine STARVIS sensor. For what most people need, this is the camera to get and can be found for under $100 on sale - it's really worth it.   Thanks for a great test!
This seems more like an ad for Amazon and the cheap garbage brands they sell.  No Garmin?  Cobra?  Export?  Kenwood?
I love your channel and the info it provides.  I would say though, if we played a drinking game around every time you start a sentence with “And the”, we’d all be passed out three minutes in.  Keep up the great work, but respectfully, try to vary up your sentence beginnings.
I always look forward to your videos. Great job testing these dash cams.
I love the work you always do and am glad to support you. Does it matter to you if I watch at a faster speed? I would watch at Normal speed if that is the only way you get "credit" for me watching.
it would have been interesting if you added a recent flagship cellphone in the mix. since they have pretty good camera nowadays. and there is a pretty complete app for it with tone of setting to adjust. on android at least. dont know about apple. i have a s22 ultra and use it as a dashcam. its pretty decent.
Why did you not mix in a few "high end" name brand products with the Amazon/TEMU specials?
I have the rove. It’s already paid for itself.
That’s a peculiar place for a test.
Always the best tests and reviews. Keep up the great work!
Viofo has a rear camera too you just bought the wrong set, it connects through same camera but wires to the back of the car for 2 different cameras 1 setup
I’ve owned the VIOFO for three years and it’s a great camera. Specially, if you could get the combo with the rear under 100 bucks it doesn’t matter if it’s refurbished. It’s a great camera.   Great video I knew I had made a good choice.😊
70mai are the best budget cams with Starvis 2 sensors.
Just bought the Viofo A119 last week- Glad to see I picked well 🙌🏼
I currently use the wolf box g840 mirror dash cam. I love it! With a camper shell on the truck I can actually see behind me again
This was a good one for me. Been wanting a dashcam for a while, just wasn't sure which one. Now I'm pretty confident in the viofo. :) Shame it doesn't have rear facing though.
Ive been in the market to buy one and this is soo great!!! Thank you for making this video!!!
I love your work, man. Keep it up!  The image of you driving around with a bunch of cameras attached to your windshield is hilarious, though.
I want to see a picture of the windshield with 11 cameras on it. Lol
The 70mai Dash cams are a crazy value for what they are.
Point of difrrence starviz technology.
My rexing getting long in the tooth I need a new camera.
My wife has been asking for a robot vacuum and I have no idea what one to get. Could you review robot vacuums and help a guy out? As always thanks for the work you put into these videos!
Vehicle owners looking for the cheapest price/cheapest made. One no-fault accident and the higher end dashcams pays for itself with just the deductible.
I'm really enjoying the variety of the testing, and as usual you're doing a great job!
OUTATIME.. nice Back to the Future reference!
I may be mistaken, Linus did something similar uncovering that there are only 3 manufacturers of cameras lenses and chips.  You should disassemble them to see which ones share the same parts.
Oh my god you finally did dash cams thank you so much!!!
9:29 Mexico on the left, USA on the right
Love seeing this. Just bought a viofo a229 plus last week
Best review channel period!
The problems that I have with dash cams are you have to plug them in. You would think they would have some sort of internal batteries at this point so they are seemless.
I'm really surprised none of the big names are on here... these all seem to be chinese brands that I wouldn't have trusted to begin with. Good testing tho
Just an FYI for those that may not know, there are newer/better Viofo options (A229/329) that use the updated Sony Starvis 2 sensor (4k) and also have an optional rear cam add on. They're a huge upgrade and just as reliable as the A119, but the obvious difference is that they cost far more than the cams in this review/comparison.
The image from Google camera camera is pretty clear.
So what's the best camera for recording the front and rear of your vehicle?
This is the most peculiar (mo) video I've ever seen
What great timing! I'm planning to get a new one after my Scosche one kept falling off the windscreen. It was around $50 and was maybe a 3/5 quality. Grainy footage and only took videos in 1minute segments.
Old cell phones work just fine for home security and dash cams. 10/10 would recommend.
Oh GREAT review Todd - Fanbleedintastic mate
This squeaky commentary is a good case for AI voice.
Good one. Was wondering  about that.
I have a VIOFO A119 Mini 2 and it's been great. Also good features and app.
FUCK YES YOU DID THIS!
I already own a VIOFO front/rear set for my car, and have been extremely happy with it. Glad to see that fairly justified here! Thanks as always for the video, Todd.
I don’t know how you do it, but every time I plan to buy something, you post a video about it! 😅 Thank you! 🙏
can you test the best rear view mirror dash cams?
Love to see a comparison of the $200 and up dashcams. Mines the VIOFO A329 4K 60FPS @$470
Might had been also viable to test those against a regular go pro and 4k and 1080p test boards to see if those cameras are actually a true 4k let alone 1080p like they claim.
Had decided on a Viofo, and then started hearing that they may fly off the mount, or stop functioning in an accident, as had other brands, sort of defeating the purpose. Perhaps something to test for?
As usual great review. Been looking to get a dashcam and ended up buying a Viofo because of your review. Thanks for your hard work.
This guy's voice makes this unwatchable
Sounds like two separate people are speaking during these reviews. I respect the dedication, but that voice is crazy. My wife came in and said what the hell are you listening 4K to? Who are these guys lol it’s just one guy who can’t control the tone or volume 😂of his voice.
I'd love to see a review of some of the popular European brands like Garmin, road angel and next base etc as they're all super common over here but I've no idea what is or isn't worth the money. Love the channel, one of two places I'll come to for real unbiased genuine reviews ❤
Excited to see this one! I have the best one garmin makes on my front, then I use a Garmin mini for my rearview. I use the constant power cable so I can have parking mode. It's pretty good. It's a little pricey for that whole setup bit it's worth it in my mind.
You know something?  Missouri is a very "Peculiar" place......
Love it! Been needing a dash cam! Would you be able to update this with cold weather performance? I've noticed many of them even those sold farther north where it gets down to -20s still only say down to ~ -25f
This video took a lot of time and dedication to make thanks Todd
NOW DO THIS with professional level cameras that truckers and commercial operators would use  i think vantrue is up there    covers 4 sides   4k  Vantrue N5 4 Channel WiFi 360° All Sides Dash Cam, STARVIS 2, IR Night Vision, 2.7K+1080P*3 Front Rear Inside Dashcam, Voice Control, GPS, 24 Hours Buffered Parking Mode Dash Camera, Support 512GB MaxVantrue N5 4 Channel WiFi 360° All Sides Dash Cam, ST… $399.99
The biggest problem and the thing lacking in most of these comparisons is their we and build quality. All of them suffer from poor build quality and fail in some way less then a year. I have an old 720p camera from 10 years ago that still works perfectly while every newer 2 or 4k camera has stopped working in some way or another. Plus the compression of the stored files are horrible.  Best thing to use now is a good GooPro style action cam.
Viofo is the best by far. After a lot of research i bought the mini one 1440p last year. The it's been great. Dosent heat and can run over 6 hour on a small portable powerbank.
According to Amazon, there's already an updated version of the Viofo for $40 more, lol.  I think I'll stick to the model you reviewed.
Maybe you could take a look at rear backup cameras in the future?
I've had the Viofo for several years now. Glad to see something I bought "prior" to Project Farm was the right choice! lol
I have the Red Tiger F7N and I agree with you on the night time lighted signs.  They are blown out completely with this camera.  Just not good for that.  It does do it's job perfectly for me though.  I've not had to use it for any accident, but I've managed to capture several id10ts on the road with it.
I don't know much about dashcams but I know Garmin makes them. Sometimes I think you are just testing the most obscure brands and skipping big names just because all this stuff is coming from Amazon.
I bought the ROVE R2-4K PRO (front, single camera only) in Dec 2023. It's been a good camera. Thankfully I haven't had need to prove my innocence in an accident when the perp lies about being the cause. I dislike how slow it is to download to the iphone. Sadly, when it records red light runners, the police will not use it.
can you do a review on cenex 15w-40 oil and cenex diesel fuel?
I bought the Redtiger before seeing this video & I'm happy with my purchase. In my opinion, Viofo is the clear winner.
Would you compare soldering irons? There’s electric, gas, gun models.
How about back up cameras for a video review next?
WE THE PEOPLE WANT AND DESERVE A REVIEW ON "VIBRATORS", with actual women, sir.
IF YOUR WANTING THE ABSOLUTE BEST IT'S THE  VANTRUE N4 PRO 3 CHANNEL ! IT'S AMAZING, THE OTHERS DON'T COME CLOSE! CHECK IT OUT FOR YOURSELVES!  GOOD LUCK! 😃
Dear Todd, I am consistently overwhelmed by the quality of your presentations. Sometimes when watching your work I want to buy things just based on your testing and results. You must get inundated with bribery requests! Thank you for staying true! If someday you decide to go for the bucks, I would be mightily disappointed but I would understand.  Best Success!  Brewster
E-yeeger and miden 🤮
the reviews were great, thanks. but you voice is hard to take.
Sharp as biden
doesn't think 1080p60 is good enough. uploads in 2160p24
Great review.  Thank you.
Always enjoy your videos & tests. Dashcam is a good subject, although a popular unit is the VanTrue N4 & N5. Be great to see your tests including these popular models.
I have the ROVE R2-4K.  It's great, especially the GPS.  However, you will really need to purchase the ROVE manufactured SD-Cards.
Anyone else notice the license plate? Someone is a BTTF fan! As if we didn't need another reason to love PF!
Don't have a vehicle but still found this information quite valuable. Thank you very much!
Pretty clear you shot all the videos simultaneously as doing the test over and over for each individually would have lost you comparable sunset light etc.  I'd be interested in how you rigged the setup holding all units and if they were inside a vehicle or mounted externally for the test purposes.
Just lucky but I choose the Viofo a while back and have been very happy with it.
Headlight replacement bulbs? Sylvania offered 4 levels of brightness with halogen bulbs for my 2007 Hyundai Sonata and I had one level above standard brightness installed to help with poor night time vision. While they were brighter, they lasted only 6-8 months. I just had LED bulbs from Sealbulb installed in my 2016 Kia Sedona, and they are MUCH brighter. So far, so good.
Great review on dash cams. They are one of the hardest items to get a good one. Thanks for the video.
Just go get one. One of the best $100 that i spent. I'm a truck driver Having a dashcam has saved me from lawsuits many times.  I have one in my truck and car. I even bring one when I'm renting a car.
That's what I need ❤  Thanks you
PROMOTE AMAZON LINK...  I didn't even know what an Amazon link was till recently...  but he puts his Amazon Link in the description.  It's an easy way to support him at the same time as your purchasing his recommended product.
Best test of dashcams on YouTube! Well done 👍✅✅✅
I've heard it said that between all the dash cams out there they are all made with one of a small handful of image sensors. Maybe just three or four sensors...  I think it would be a good comparison to narrow down which image sensor is the bast, and then rate the different camera models based upon which one has the best software.
Thanks for a great review 🎉 Your testing always covers the features that matter to the 95 percent.
While I have two Roves I would like to see a comparison of more expensive dash cams.  All these need to do better.  So much is at stake when and if you have an accident.
Thanks. I've been looking for anew dash cam for my new truck. I was trying to find an integrated one but no dice on that. Have to go traditional.
I wish you had tested better dashcams. You would be shocked by how good the higher priced Viofo models are. I highly recommend spending the $200-300 price tag for those.
That was astounding how varied the cameras were. Your windscreen must have looked pretty funny with all those cameras hanging from it.. Thanks!
I expected many more cameras to be tested!
I would have liked to see a couple higher end cameras put into the lineup. I wonder how the $100 cameras would compare to the $200+ cameras.
Thanks for all the hard work!  I don't go to Consumer reports anymore unless it's something you haven't tested! 😂😂😂
Surprised to not see Garmin dashcams on this list as they are often highly rated.
I hate the fact that this video got published two hours after I installed my sister's dash cam on her first car😭😭😭😭😭
I have had a RedTiger for about 6 months.  I've been pretty satisfied with it so far.  Nice to know of others that perform similar!
ive been using the rove the last 2 yrs. i like it
Dash cams; great idea! Nice job. I'm very interested in this topic, and I hope you will make it a repeat feature, with more brands and higher quality models on the same brands.
I went with a Viofo Front &Rear Pro, and opted for parking-lot recording, last spring with the upgraded image sensors- it's been great so far.  The imagine quality during motion and also during nighttime are equally as important as just having a 4K sensor. And in some cases as shown in this review you don't need a 4K sensor and are going to have to compromise 4K vs 2K60FPS. Make sure to read up on and view how well the actual quality actually is- don't just follow the manufacturer product info.   Probably would have been worth measuring the surface temperature after 30-60 minutes of recording at medium to high quality recording- these do get warm to the touch- combined temperature in 85+ can't be a good thing for any of these cameras or the memory card!
I think its easier to just use an old cellphone. their cameras   will most likely shame any of those lol
40 year old virgin
Excellent video, but you should test their resistance to heat as well.  I had a VIOFO that worked great until it's first summer where it got into the 100's multiple days in a row.  After that it still technically worked, but not consistently as it would bug out from time to time.  It also quit working at all any time it got into the mid to upper 90's outside.
Algorithm
get pulled over for speeding a few times and see which one helps you exercise your constitutional rights
How do they hold up to prolonged heat and sunshine ?  I had a cheap dash cam fail pretty quickly from being baked from being parked in the open on hot days .  The Garmin dash cams that I run now seem to tolerate the sun exposure pretty well.
I would like to see you test out any of the newer Garmin Dash Cams.  They have 3 cams with 3 different resolutions.  The X110 is 1080p at $199 roughly, the X210 at 1440p/2k and $299, and the X310 at 4k and $399.   I use the previous model, the Garmin 47 at 1080p.  The former versions were the 45/47 roughly equivalent to the x110, the 55/57 and the 65/67.
Say, PF? What is the best weed burner for springtime maintenance? Do they have multi nozzle burners as well? Ones that wheel around? Old, tired, and frugal!
your gas is so cheap I paid $4.29 today for regular here in Kommifornia, im going to buy your recommended product thanks!!
I’m surprised that nextbase were not on this list .
Thanks for another great video. I may need to replace one of my dash cams soon anyway. I have and have been recommending NextBase.  I have the older 522 in my older car and the 622 model in my truck. I use a rear window cam in the car and the in cab rear facing in the truck.
My 5yr old, $25 dashcam won't win any awards in your test, but in normal daylight driving, it provides a very crisp & clear image.
Dang man! What's up with your mid-sentence UP pitch inflections?!  You sound like a pubscient Valley Boy who learned to speak from an older "Valley Girl" sister. You're voice is bloody annoying for a man. Seriously.
That's a slightly disappointing clickbaity title there. There's no in-depth discussion about dashcam options and quality, it's a comparison review video. Which is very good, but not what the video title implies.
Thanks
would you consider wifi cameras that are used for rear view trailer towing.?
Interesting to see an action camera (dji/go pro) in dashcam tests, how much better are they?
Im useing MiVue 886, pretty old now (5y almost), but still awesome quality
Imagine someone hitting you and trying to say it was your fault but you have 11 dash cams 😂
I bought 3 walmart dash cams and they kept dying so bought the viofo because of the super cap, it doesn’t die like the batteries do
Thanks bro.
Been using the same Viofo A119 since 2019, front and back for NYC traffic. It is a really good product. Get a SanDisk or Samsung High Endurance. Summer and winter no problem.
Well now I'm extra glad I went with a Viofo dual-camera setup a year ago.  I also recommend getting the polarized filters for the Viofo cameras. Polarized filters do wonders cutting down glare. I consider my polarized sunglasses a safety feature when driving, it makes that much of a difference.
I use viofo. I get it from aliexpress. Even cheaper
No reason for these damn things to cost so much. 50$and under for me. F that 100$camera. It's a camera
first time just watching and buying🤣
This is not complete without testing Vantrue.  They have the most advanced chip and specs for a dashcam.  Should not have left them out.
Looking for a 2nd webcam and the timing is perfect. Excellent video. Do another with more brands like Vanture. I've been very happy with it as my first since the reviews with it regarding app UI were  good. It's had good picture quality so far
have the viofo w/ the polarized lens, I hope it wins
My ROVE had to be replaced after 6 months.
How is the Viofo compared to the Tesla camera's?
I will agree the Viofo is a great camera.
I have never heard of any of these brands so despite your best efforts none of them are for me, I will stick with my Nextbase which is a pretty good all round camera.
I've had a viofo for the last 4 years that has a front and rear cam. Each camera saves a separate video file simultaneously. The Wi-Fi transfer is slow so I'll take the card out every so often for file dumps, but all the immediate features you'd want (e.g. mute mic, permanent save, switch display view) are right on the front panel buttons. It also has a gps module so you can include an overlay of your speed on each clip if you want. The thing has been recording almost non stop ever since I installed it, and can record up to 1080p 60fps with ten minute or less clips that get overwritten when the card is full. I bought it after maybe an hour of research and I'm glad I did.
I used the Viofo for years, but wanted a rear camera also so switched to the Redtiger. I haven’t been disappointed and it works well for my needs. Redtiger also has very responsive customer support. I have a set in two cars and both work well.
Can dash cams swivel to point out of the driver's side window, to record the police after you are pulled over, or to record a road rager if they approach the driver's side door?
Whenever you buy a dashcam, immediately test it and then check the footage on a computer to see if it’s out of focus. My first dashcam was exactly like Redtiger but a different brand. I noticed the issue after my return window. Now, I have a VIOFO dashcam and I’m happy with it
Pruveeo has an excellent design, just inferior internals. Big advantage having one camera you can point at the driver's side window to record interactions with bad cops, which way too many of us have experenced, and another to provide a rear view.
Are there not any name brand cameras in this  segment of the market? Also, it would have been nice to do a benchmark against a legitimate action camera like a GoPro, although I don't think gopros have night vision.
I’ve had my viofo A129 duo which has 2 cameras for almost a year and it’s fantastic. Very clear image front and back, able to record good audio, pretty easy to install and set up, though does not come with an SD card. Bought myself a 256gb one for it. Easy to navigate settings.  Only complaint is the parking mode motion detectors I have set to high sensitivity and often records nothing.  Bought it for 130 but I believe the price has gone up to 189.99 for the same unit I got. Still definitely worth the price in my opinion. Would highly recommend.
Good thing this video came out when it did, my dad bought the same VIOFO just a couple days ago and now this just gives him a justifiable reason to have bought the dashcam lol
Had that Viofo A119 V3 and worked great! Recently updated it to the model (Viofo A119 Mini 2) with the newer Sony Starvis 2 sensor, ever better!
11:36 mistake in the video.  You say the Ovaman is on the right but the label says redtiger
Would love a comparison of various brands of window tint, brands and ceramic vs others
What about reading license plates on the vehicle in front of you with your headlights shining on it? usually plates are reflective, im interested to see how this test would go.
Pricey... but Garmin makes some phenomenal dash cams with additional features not seen in many of these models.
If the Miden was a Biden it would forget everything it recorded.
Wonder how these perform against the "premium" dash cam manufacturers such as BlackVue or Thinkware. One category that you miss is ability to withstand extreme temperatures (hot or cold). A critical category in my opinion, especially for those that live in areas such as Arizona or Texas.
Idea - Walking Wheel Tape Measures.
the viofo a119 v3 is goated, i always recommend this model to people, i also love that it doesnt come with a stupid companion app, its all in the dashcam
What about vs GoPro?
Todd nice job as always!!! Your videos are super enjoyable!!!
Had a Viofo A119 since 2017 and work flawless. The first unit had an issue with ribbon cable, the customer service shipped a new one and worked ever since. It has supercapacitors instead of Li-Ion buffer batteries which only last a couple of years due to the extreme heat in the cabin when the AC is off. Got a Wolfbox dashcam that doubles as a rearview mirror for my van, very sharp and makes moving around easier and safer.
Great video! I think your video proved that almost all of those brands are being very misleading about the quality of their sensors! Also, it seems most "decent" quality dash cams start at 100$. Which lines up with what you showed. Basically. "Don't buy a dashcam for less than 100$". The real question is, how much better is the A129, A229, and the A329?  Clearly only 3, maybe 4, of those cameras will work for anything more than "this blob moved there and hit me." I would be very curious to see a good comparison, of mid tier dash cams, and maybe throw in the full VIOFO lineup, as "base line", as reading the comments, it seems that brand is the "go-to".
Man you always have the best timing for these product reviews ❤ getting my new car delivered soon this month and this is the first thing I’ve been looking for
Project Farm. You are the GOAT 🐐
Garmin ?
Viofo has been making dash cams for a long time (Over 6 years) so it is not a real surprise they have the best performing one as well. the one tested here is about 3-4 years old as well. I had that same one in my previous car and have a newer and better preforming one in the new rig. Have to say have not been disappointed and also the recommending a same camera just pointing backwards is the way to go.
Cool I've never seen them tested before
I have the dual cam Viofo A129, which does decently, there are much newer versions available though
Just about any dash cam is better than no dash cam at all. My first $50 dash cam saved my butt in a parking lot fender-bender ($1000 damage). The guy that hit me actually got two security guards to lie for him and say they witnessed the accident. They all worked for Intel in Chandler, AZ where the accident occurred.  My second dash cam, a ROAV A1, helped me get over $80,000 total between totaling my truck and an injury settlement my lawyer was able to negotiate.  I'm now using a Thinkware U3000 2 channel which costs somewhere under $400. I haven't tested it as completely as what is done in this video, but the quality of the image seems lacking. Hard for me to say as I don't even own a 4K display. There's one video I tried to get a license plate off of and it was unreadable to me, but Google Lens was able to read it. The one thing that I can say is that the Thinkware software is pretty good. The phone app works well, and the transfer rates are decent. Some of my previous dash cams had terrible connections to the phone app, and had abysmally slow transfer rates, if the transfer didn't fail every time.  I would actually go so far as to say that the software matters more than the image quality. If you can't even get a video off of the camera without pulling teeth then the image quality will be your last concern. Also, in the several accidents I've been involved in the other person's license plate didn't matter at all. What mattered most was being able to prove the accident was not my fault, and even the grainiest image can prove that with or without a license plate. You can look at my channel to see a handful of the dash cam videos I have uploaded. I have tried to identify the dash cam model in the description of most of the newer videos.
I see you agree with Linus Tech Tips with the Viofo being one of the top choices in dash cams and overall price. It all depends on the sensor. A lot of your dash cam brands have just about the same sensor with the exception of a few brands that use the Sony Starvis sensor. Also, the lens size. Most dashcams have a small lens, and if the lens is bigger, then it lets in more light for the sensor, wouldn't be as grainy as most of the ones tested. I was surprised you didn't test the Blackvue, Rexing, Cobra, and Garmin brands. It would probably be a close comparison to the Viofo brand.
I would love to see you test 12 volt drill drivers.
Do the dash cams record UAP's ?
Ahhh the man again comes thru. Been wanting to buy 1 but there are so many and I don't feel like wiping my butt with my money as what happens with these devices cause of crappy build quality
Im looking forward to seeing the bandaid results
I bet the drivers you passed thought you were not-so-"Coolcrazy" having a windshield full of cameras!
I have been using Viofo for 10 years or so now, great cameras!  Looking forward to your home security camera review next!
cool, so i bought the best dash camera before watching this video. i researched well, i guess!
Ma!! Someone has been going and stopping over and over again at a stop sign for the last 2 hours! What do we do??  Now, what about cheap motorcycle camera's? Dirt bike testing would be cool.
now we need the $200+ market like street guardian and Garmin and any support for 60fps
Could you please compare the M2 radar mounted smart dash cam with the ones in this video? My buddy has one and I'd like to see how it stacks up against these.
how about doing a video on home security systems? this was a verry well done video thank you.
I have a CObra brand dash cam and have been happy with it. I wished it would have been in your test to see how it stacks up.
Right on time because I'm currently in the market looking for one! Thank you for the knowledge 🤝
I imagine it's out of character for you, but if you ever have a public meet and greet at Harbor Frieght let us know! I'd love to shake your hand! Thanks for all you do.
Thanks, I've been looking for a fair evaluation.
EXCELLENT! Another mystery solved.  I installed a Wolfbox 2 years ago. Works fine.
1. I'm glad you finally released a very much needed dashcam review! 2. Very glad that the VIOFO brand dash cam I purchased (before the release of this video) ended up #1 in your reviews! Phew~!
I like to imagine Project Farm driving with 43 dash cams obscuring the right half of the windshield 😂
Would like to see the Miofive S1 against these
Where is the Garmin dash cams?
Viofo do make better cameras than that tested however costing more money again. Its all good and well them pointing out the Sony starvis sensor but the lens and appeture make a difference.
RedTiger hardware can't even do 4k, it's upscaled. Sad they lie to get more sales
I rather go for CoolCrazy as it offer both front and rear recording...
No VANTRUE? I have the N4 PRO and it works super well. I bought it a few months back after watching tests on YouTube by some guy that tested a lot of them in day/night and ranked the ability to see the number plates. The one I took is pretty amazing at it, the numbers seem to literally pop out in the image it's pretty cool
I'd have liked to see at least one higher end cam like the Blackvue DR970X Plus, just to see if the extra $200 gets you a notable difference. Although some things like long term reliability or specific features might not even show up in a test like this. I've got an older Blackvue that thus far has been rock solid for nearly 7 years.
No Garmin or Vantrue on the list?
Your test plans and testing methodologies are the envy of the WORLD. Congratulations and thank you!!!
I am sorry but the coolcrazy image looked really bad compared to some of the other ones. Sharper? yeah. AI sharp. looks ugly with less true details.
I feel the ability to withstand temperatures should have been a part of this.
Im an industrial camera/video guy and a PF fan.  As usual, his comparisons and test methods are just what you want to see.  The rest comes down to features and options, but Project Farm gives the best starting point if you are looking for a dashcam.
Todd, I know you are a car man, but would you be willing to test helmet dashcams and helmet intercoms? That would help so many of us bike riders.
Just had an 18 wheeler back into me and tried lying about it. Thankfully a store across the street had cameras to prove he was lying. I bought the Viofo Mini 2 the day after.
I like the cameras with multiple angles/cameras, very important to have multiple angles incase you have to take footage to Court 💯💯
I have a Vantrue E1 in one vehicle as well as their 3 camera N4 Pro setup in another car.  The over the air updates are great and 5G download speeds are quick.  Vantrue makes their own apps unlike many of the rebranded cheap models. Vantrue records clear images.  I also have a cheap front rear Focuway T5 which does the job though the back camera records the video with a blue tint. I suggest you consider a discussion of download speeds and app stability in any future dashcam reviews.  Vantrue is quick to respond to questions.
Cobra brand is pretty good from best buy. Only reason i bought it is because the 3 cameras offer 4k at 60fps. Most dash cams with 2-3 cameras reduce the quality from the main forward facing one. Its just super expensive at almost $300. But i stand by it
MY VIDEO WE’RE ALL IN NEED OF YET WE DIDN’T REALIZE WE NEEDED THIS VIDEO
I bought an earlier version of the Viofo dash cam in 2015, as it seemed like the best quality for the money at the time. It still works fine to this day, and even though it's only 1080p it produces a better picture than many of the cheapest brands in this test. I'll definitely get another Viofo when I eventually buy another car.
I have the RedTiger and like it for the price.
I have a Garmin 47, i liked the features and I found that it looks really good during the day and evening. Expensive camera though
I buy new dash cams every year. I haven't found one yet that lasts more than a year or two before it starts having issues. Batteries go bad, won't read the SD disc,  screen gets blurry, the list keeps going.    The best one I've bought so far was a whistler d28rs dashcam. It lasted 3 years before the battery went bad. Now, it resets every time the power goes off and won't record unless I press the record button each time. But, I can't find a replacement battery. I pulled it apart, and I'm guessing it has a copywrite battery as every battery store tells me they can't get it. So I'm on the lookout again for another cam.   I usually just buy cheap ones because the expensive ones quit working also.  It does suck not to be able to see a license plate for accident purposes.  I use my dashcam to make videos and also for insurance reasons if needed.  My son has a dash cam now only because I had to pay his ticket and had no proof the cop was making it up.  The only way to fight a bad stop is having video proof.
should have tried vantrue Nexus 4 Pro with a  CPL filter
Was going to ask PF to do dashcams!   here it is!
I use VIOFO for the past 8 years, they have superb image quality BUT: i bought the A129 Duo (4k wifi) and it went bad after a year, got replaced under warranty but after few months it went bad again. Also, the download speed over the wifi is painfully slow so keep that in mind
Never have I clicked on a video this fast before.
VRYIMPRSSVE!
I was thinking about purchasing a dash cam and came across your video before I started my investigation to find the best product. Your video was a big help. Thank you for your work. It helped my big time.
You just tested some off brand cameras, there is so many "real" brands like Thinkware, Garmin, Kenwood etc you could test or test them against top few from this video
Oh wow how lucky for me!!
Thanks, very informative :)
Great work on this video. All of your videos are fantastic. You need to get your own prime time TV series on a big network
This is a very hard video to make hours of videoing and editing. Also, it takes a whole lot of work driving and changing dashcams along the way... Very good video... Like, share and subscribe... Wow impressive...
the NUMBER ONE most important test on any dashcam is a drop test to simulate a car crash.  there are quite a few top dashcams that cannot even pass it.(even those above $200 to $300)    If a dashcam cannot record or save the very last video at time of a car crash, it's basically useless.   :(
I have a viofo in my semi and I like it alot. Works well
My brother JUST got into a hit and run accident that totaled his vehicle. He's ok, thankfully, but if he had a dashcam, considering how the accident happened, he would have totally gotten a plate number if he had a good dash cam in his car at the time. Going to recommend the Viofo for him with his new car and get myself one too since my dashcam is on its last leg at this point.
bought the viofo a couple weeks ago and just got a chance to install it yesterday, glad to see it performs well for you!
This is the first time I've seen the performance so tied to price.  Not often are all the most expensive items on top of performance and the low cost ones all grouped together at the bottom.
I love your testing and channel, but this one is absolute BS. Just 10 minutes more sunset can make a HUGE difference on image quality of the same camera. So unless you have a controlled lighting environment, this test is 100% flawed. The sensors on the dash cameras are around 8.5mm in size. A sensor that tiny struggles in low light conditions. Compared to a full frame camera that has a 35mm sensor. With a tiny sensor like that, every couple of minutes of sunset has a noticeable impact on the quality!
And I so happen to be looking for DashCams right now! impeccable timing!
In 2025 I strongly believe you should compare dashcams with stavis2 sensors. If possible please include VIOFO A329 4K, Blackvue DR970X 4K, VANTRUE N4 Pro  4K, maybe include  Fitcamx 4K (This is OEM looking), Garmin Mini2 to the mix. I'm thinking to upgrade my older Viofo & Blackvue  with something with stavis2. My Viofo A119 is in service since 2019. Not a single issue, but like to upgrade for a sharper image at speed and night time.
Would love a comparison of the AZDOME M550 dash cam
Bought mine off of LTT review... Viofo in all 3 of my vehicles... love it!
With the coupon? what coupon? $10, $20, $1000!!!...Please state prices without coupons otherwise it's pointless as a comparison.👍 Still a cracking review though. I bought a security cam & the actual specs vary wildly from what the manufacturers state (Chinese exaggeration at work again lol). Although my camera works sufficiently for most of my needs I expected much higher quality images going by the advertised specs & was disappointed somewhat.
Great comparison tests! I have one Rove already, but if in the market again Viofo will be at the top of the list! The only other test that would have been helpful, but may have been difficult to pull off would have been an "image stabilization" test. That would require the cams ability to clearly provide license plate data while at highway speeds.  Still a great job!
One has to appreciate the time and effort that goes into these videos.   I love my Uniden dashcam.
VIOFO A229 (not in the test) is by far outperforming any other cam on the market. All DashCam Channels I'm watching on youtube who tested multiple cams came to this conclusion. It comes at a price, sure, but of what use is a dashcam if you cannot read that licence plate? There are other places where you can/should safe money but not on a dashcam.
Your channel is by far THE BEST FOR DECIDING PURCHASES!! God bless and thanks!!
Pretty good overview though it missed what I think is the most important aspect. Can they read license plates at normal driving distances. IMO a dash cam that can’t is mostly useless.
This channel actually cost me money, every time I find an awesome review like this I tend to buy whatever the best product test it is even if I don't need it because I know project Farm has done me a solid
Maybe the best in a long series of absolutely wonderful review videos ... please keep it up!!!
Bro, Pruveeo RnD team should go to the cave!
Thank you. I love your reviews, As my dad used to say  "He aint selling nothing"  His way of saying you can trust what he says.
We have a VIOFO in our vehicle, and go the version that has the forward and rear facing cameras, I have been very impressed. They also offer interior cameras and audio recording. I have been very happy with the performance so far and would highly recommend. Good to see that your tests verify my experience!
Thanks for this helpful information!  If you do a part 2 I would really love to see a heat durability test.  Here in Texas a dashcam's ability to withstand the summer heat is a major concern of mine and I'd love to know which brands perform well in that respect.  Thanks again!
Wish they would make a dashcam that has 2 independent front cameras lens at different FOV and zoom levels. 1 for your standard wide angel FOV. And 1 with a magnified lens for distance shots. Ideally 4CH= 2 Front, 1 Interior, 1 Rear. Or maybe 3CH excluding interior. As shown, most cameras struggle reading license plates at barely 20 ft. In practice, generally you'd want to maintain distance from crazy drivers. Not having to be up close to get a plate would be ideal... I recently got a Wolfbox X5, not 100% happy with it. Originally was considering the Viofo a229 pro. But has LifeHackster shown, an impact from a car accident made video capture skip the most important part.
A while ago an accident happened in front of my car while I was driving with my family, 5 of us in the car, none of us could actually tell what happened, after that I bought dash cams for all of our cars, the newer cars got the a229 plus with the rear dash cam, and the older cars got the a119, all with the nd filter from viofo and I've had 0 issues with them since, could always read license plates when something happened. I definitely recommend getting these cams. Before I bought the nd filter I had really big issues with reflections of the dashboard being on the cam and making everything unreadable.
"Honey, call the cops.  That crazy man is repeatedly stopping at Summerskill again."
I choose Viofo as well before seeing.this review. Beacuse the sensor is what matters.
In a crash you just need to show that their blob of pixels hit your blob of pixels. As long as it's reliable and has audio (to hear tyre screech, voice, impacts and beeping). Just remember to narrate any licence plates involved in an incident.0
I've published several dashcam tests over the decades. Keep in mind, the camera's listed here are typical of entry-level / low-cost models. There are many that dramatically exceed these in terms of image sharpness and exposure.
I don't know what you've done to the audio but it's very poor. It sounds like you're shouting all the time and your voice is very high-pitched.
Ive installed dozens of various model Viofo cams, no issues with them yet
I'm disappointed that you didn't include 70mai on the lineup, their dashcams are great quality for the price. Got the 4k version (A800s), lots of features, wifi, no cloud subscription, sleek design, has attachment for a rear camera for expandability also has a screen, and many more! They also updated this model to A810s.
Mine records in 2-minute segments and I can play it back in front of the officer in real time
Great review. LifeHackster (who is great for security camera/dash cam reviews) also really likes that Viofo camera.
I use a VIOFO A229 Pro. It has a 4K rear camera and if you shop around you can often find a good deal
I’ve been running the viofo for 5 years now in both vehicles and they are great!
No Vantrue? Love my little E1.
I mean, I don't know why it even matters if it can read a lit up neon sign 50 degrees up in the air. Or a road sign.  All the good ones have built in GPS. If something happens you don't need road signs. Most are going to struggle to get a clear pic of a license plate straight on until you're close. So then it's really the options that matter most. Is there a good app? Does it auto record on impact or is it triggered every bump? Does it have wifi transfer? Dies it have always on mode if that's important to you?  Really the Coolcrazy might have a good camera but, you generally have to spend and get a name brand to get a usable dependable app with other sensors that work.
Thank you for this video.
did you remove the plastic protector from the lens before testing?
Thanks for the review. I like the way you tell it as it is.
The video quality might suffer with more motion as well, at least if it is recording at a constant bit rate (it might be covered later in the video though)
Love your videos...I guess to be fair, stuff from Garmin, Thinkware and BlackVue are in a very different pricepoint. But those would have been nice to include in the tests.
My dashcam saved me the first week I stuck it in the window... I highly recommend them, only fault is they need 5 volts, if they were 12 volts you could tap into the rearview mirror without stringing a power cord everywhere
Part of what I love about your reviews is that they help me get past my own personal biases.  Just looking at the Viofo, I wouldn't expect it to be a high end camera, because the package looks underwhelming. But great things come in less than attractive packages, of course.
Thanks
@projectfarm  Having the rear cameras plugged in and operating will have an effect on frame clarity due to increased processor load. It may also downgrade the resolution of the front camera.
Another great video from Project Farm.  Thank you!
Aww,  I was hoping for the Rexxing V1.  Still, good tests!
I've had the Viofo A119 for 2 years and I really like it. The images are clear, the audio is great and the form factor doesn't draw attention.
Should have done a test to simulate heat, some cameras tend to fail in hotter regions.
King of Krazy Cool DashKam reviews. Thank you Kind sir. Much appreciated.
Good video! Thanks!
I can only imagine the amount of time you invest in making these videos. Thank you.
The US needs to get back to enforcing the Truth in Advertising laws in this country.  The claims made in marketing materials are getting so incredibly outlandish, and nothing is being done about it.
As always,  a truly comprehensive and unbiased product comparison!  I've been on the fence for a while about buying a dash cam based on how well they capture license plates.  I really appreciate the time and effort you put into these videos bro!
You should have got android Auto dashboard with a huge 10in screen front and rear cameras(mines 2.5k front 1080 rear)  GPS Bluetooth connection to phone and radio and can screen mirror to watch movies for about 100$ I mainly use it for rear view and gps worth every penny
I have 2 x Viofo A129 (Front and rear) dash cams in both vehicles.  Brilliant cameras.  They also use capacitors and not batteries.  Ive never had a days problems and had them for many years.  I wouldn't use any other brand.
Been waiting for YEARS
I'm glad you made this comparison video. Thanks. I've been thinking of getting a dashcam recently due to the far to many "terrible driver" dash cam vids I've been watching on YouTube. lol. I do like the one with 3 cams on it perfect for watching cops should you get pulled over for a shady reason.
It's interesting that there are basically two tiers.  Either go with the cheapest option or the Viofo.
My viofo still working after 2 years
very nice video with great info !
I think a cool comparison would be different outdoor home security cameras
Very good comparison, thank you for showing us the results in everyday life and not putting our money into poor quality products. Long live ProjectFarm.
If ProjectFarm doesn't test it, then I'm not buying it.
Last week I was trying to find a good dash cam and was bummed you didn't have a video. I ended up not buying anything. This timing couldnt be better, you're the man!
I have had good luck with the VIOFO A229 Pro....
I know you can't test them all but I'm surprised you didn't test the Vantrue or Blackvue.  Tons of sales and higher rated than most the ones you tested.
Find a dash cam that uses the starvis2 and you can’t go wrong till they make something better.
That Viofo is so old out of the bunch and still crushing the competition amazing.
Would have liked to have seen more recognizable brands (i.e. Garmin and Rexam) instead of Amazon alphabet soup (E-YEEGER, ARIFAYZ, OVAMAN, etc...) These aren't brands. They're just Chinese knockoffs packaged under a scramble of letters that haven't been banned by Amazon yet for shady sales practices. Time to get back to the roots and stop supporting this Chinesium Garbage Heap.
The tests didn't evaluate the user interface and how easy they were to set up and use. Bad idea to omit.
I wish I know how to install 4 channel cameras.
I bought the cool crazy couple weeks ago after some hot head decided to try an pit me. I previously had one like the miden but under a different name, it failed after 2 years so I got the cool crazy. So far so good, funny seeing it in this video now.
excellent video!  thanks
I was initially angry because I JUST bought a dash cam. Glad to see the VIOFO I got did so well. Made the right choice!
I would have bought the VIOFO if it offered a 4k image. At least it was honest with its 2k image marketing as it seems this is genuinely the case.  Lots of Chinesium brands market 4k cameras but are actually 1080p or even 720p sensors. This is why buying non-Chinese is so important; Westerners are more likely to deliver a quality product that lines up accurately with their product's marketing. Real, genuine 4k cameras usually cost $200 or more.
Test different paintless dent removal hot glues
I have the Viofo A229m that has the rear camera along with the front. I could not be happier with the product. I have been watching and reading up on a bunch of different cameras for the past 2 to 3 years and when I saw the Viofo A229 I was impressed.
With all the camera options in cars today it seems silly the don’t function as dash cams.
How about a review of the refillable olive oil sprayers? Misto would probably be the one sold the most but there are so many complaints about it. Maybe different regular food rated spray bottles. I think EVO is another company. Thanks.
How quickly were you able to test all cameras as the sun was going down?  It stands to reason the cameras tested later in the group would have more grain and under underexposure due to much lower ambient light
I'm surprised VanTru didn't make the cut.  I used to use VanTru's dual dash cam years ago for rideshare driving.  I switched to RedTiger about a year ago, only because I was tired of having to pull my SD card to watch the footage on a computer.    The RedTiger dash cam has an app that lets you connect to the dashcam via a wifi connection to watch and download the footage.  I was happy with that camera, until a recent accident where I was backing out of a parking space, I stopped, and then a Tesla backed into me.  The dashcam footage was cut off and all that was seen was when our cars were sandwich together.  I could not figure out why for a while why the footage was cut off.    The problem with the RedTiger dash cam (and probably others), is that it does not have an internal battery.  So when you first start up your car, the camera doesn't kick on right away because it has to go through a boot process.  If you are a person who starts up your car and takes off right away, you can get hit (just as I did) and the camera not catch it, because it didn't fully boot up.  That is about the only problem I've found with the RedTiger dash cams.  On another note, RedTiger has very superior customer service and they are always willing to go above and beyond to address any issues.
Ive bought viofo a119 vw like half a year ago because it seems like the best budget dashcam, like not one of thise 500+ bucks cameras offer much improved performance overthis
Great video.  Perhaps you could do ultrasonic cleaners.  Been thinking of getting one to help clean my suppressor.
Bwahahah. I've had the Viofo in all my vehicles for years now and have suggested it to all my friends and family who now also all have it. Great to see it still winning out. One thing to keep in mind is that the Viofo is also rare in the fact that it uses a capacitor to finish recording clips while lots of dashcams use batteries which are terrible to have in direct sunlight and heat.
Great video, just wish some of the premium brands were included.
In real life, he's a baritone!
Love this video I was looking to buy a dash cam and this really helps
Surprised you didn't get the NEXTBASE brand. Thats the one I got from Costco.
I have a Viofo A 229 Pro with the remote button. It records excellent overall 4K front and 2K rear video and it can record readable license plates reliably (even on the rear) which none of my previous HD cameras could do. Make sure to apply all the firware updates. The Viofo app is good as well as the Viofo support FAQ for troubleshooting. All vehicles should have a Viofo.
Best wood preservative/protector for wood outside.
Ive had the same Thinkware camera for 10 years. No issues. Have installed 3 of them in my vehicles
Why do we have no contenders from the likes of garmin ?
Our model came with detachable circular polarizer lens (CPL) to reduce windshield glare in the sun. It helps a bunch.
I have had the Viofo A119 Mini2 for a year now, works great. I bought it by a recommendation of another YouTuber VORTEX Radar. You did a good job on this. Thanks
The VIOFO sells the same one with a rear camera included. It’s the one I have and it’s amazing. About $100 extra.
LOL this guy sounds like Barney from Andy Griffith show😂😂😅
Comparing $22 dashcams?  Of course they are garbage.  Why waste your time and money?  What about the $100-$200 range.. that's the sweet spot.  If you drive rideshare that range is what you are really looking at.  Also, many dashcams use proprietary viewers... you didn't mention that.
Should have tested the collision function
Where are brands like BlackVue (Made in Korea)? I have these in 4 vehicles, and really like them…
Did you install 10 cams at once, or make many trips on that road. Lol.
Viofo MVP!
Love your reviews but: You only looked at performance. When you own a dash cam, there are nay functional issues that are critically important. If you want to get an image while driving, how is it triggered and what does it remember and how long. How easy is it to use the user interface? Can you easily and without a magic memory recall how to use the hing? Can you see anything on its tiny screen. How easy is it to get recorded segments. Does it drain your battery? without a magic memory. Can you talk to it? Is it easy to use if its been 1 year since you read the manual? HOW EASY IS IT TO USE! If you can't use it, the performance is BS.
Thanks again!!!
Regular gas is $2.69 a gallon!?!
No Garmin?
You could have tested GoPro
i have the Rover R2 and im liking it very much
No Go Pro cam in review?????
Todd - Excellent review great that you included some of the hardest tests that a human eye could handle.  Could you please put in some supplemental info.. two key items that would be helpful - the point or inch size of the foot markers in the first test (note 72pt = 1in) (how large were the numbers) and a photo on how you were able to mount all the cameras in the truck at the same time.  That piece of plywood must have had some very impressive wiring.  Again, always appreciate the review.
Very nice budget friendly dash-cam segment! Love the selected tests that you performed on them. Will you be doing a follow-up up segment with slightly more premium units? Something like BlackVue & Thinkware.   Ideally sleek and without the tacky built-in displays 😊  thank you, sir for your hard work and dedication!
As soon as I saw VIOFO was in the test I knew it was going to win.
That sucks I figured they would do better thanks for testing them maby next time there will be one that actually does great in all categories!!!!!!!
Would love to see dash cameras not from amazon 😅 love all your videos im always checking on the farm to make the best decisions for my needs
I've been using a Garmin Dezl GPS/dashcam for several years now. Lifetime map updates, remove from mount to use outside as it has an internal battery, removable SD card and so on. It's really nice but will set you back a few bucks. However, having a GPS unit attached to the windshield right in front of you with the cameral on a record loop and 1 touch recording to the card is pretty sweet
No 70MAI camera? 🤦
This was a great test and things to consider if in the market for them.
Finally!
As the drivers around town have gotten worse (it seems), the NEED for a dashcam has grown exponentially.  Thank you for all this work!
Have the Rove R2-4k pro. It’s great.👍
you should try vantrue dash cameras
coolcrazy has too much sharpening and processing, everything is enhanced with software and you can clearly see it.
They have been front AND rear of all my cars and motorcycles for years.
Just an incredible upload. I can’t imagine how long must’ve taken to edit all the clips together AND title them?  You’re nothing but a consumer informing G.O.D. and I so look forward to watching this again with my daughter from the Shire of Oxford…🇬🇧
Should've tested Viofo Mini 2. Newer Starvis 2 image processor does a much better job all around, but especially with details. Well worth spending a few extra bucks over A119 V3.
I've used both the rove and red tiger, stuck, with the red tiger though due to the better FOV.
Viofo is a renowned brand in the dashcam market, the other one are mostly unknown
I bought the Viofo what a POS not reliable and tec support totally sucks all they would ever tell me oh you have a defective sd card well after 7 sd cards it still was a POS wound up pitching it in the trash
OUTATIME
Excellent episode as always 🤟👌
I've had the Viofo for years now. You cannot go wrong with them. 20 degrees to 95 degrees and works without issues. FYI - the sim card is critically important. Good idea to change them about 1-2 years if you have a lot of hours of use.
Please do a test on radar detectors
I haven't finished watching this but I have a Momento M6 and M7.  I think they are 1920, but split the resolution between the front and rear cameras so the resolution really sucks.
I can't believe vantrue wasn't a part of this competition.
I have been telling everyone for years to only buy Viofo dashcams. Now I can back it up with this video. Also Viofo uses capacitors and not lithium batteries. They will hold up much better in hot weather.
Starvos is not a "technology" and has nothing to do with infrared. The Sony Starvos 2 is a camera sensor developed to get the best low light image quality for dashcams
Imagine Todd getting pulled over while he's testing all of these cameras at the same time and the officer walks up to his window and after seeing all of them just says you have a nice day sir and turns around and leaves.
One day before I have a scheduled dash cam install....
Please do a test of mainstream, big brand cameras.
Isn't it odd how the most expensive ones have the best video!  LOL
Would it be possible to add the 70mai A810 to your test?  It is said to offer the best in class video performance.
I considered a Viofo, but ended up with a Cobra SC400.
No midrange options. Pretty wide split between high and low end. Although, really, the Viofo and other decent dash cams aren’t all that expensive. Definitely does not make sense to go cheap on these products.
I love this. Thanks for sharing
Ive only ever heard about the wolfbox. None of the others. I bought a garmin mini 2 hows that compare to these?
I wonder if any of these dashcams are good for catching trains on video especially at night.  I've been looking for a decent camera or camcorder with some night vision or night technology for nighttime filming especially when it comes to trains, so I maybe be wondering if one of these dashcams might do the trick, or if not you know if any cameras or camcorders might have some good night vision technology?  Hey that's a video idea for your next video, cameras or camcorders with night filming.  Thanks for sharing this and I hope for a future video of either cameras or camcorders with nighttime filming technology.
I feel like I'm constantly being yelled at by his voice. Good video though.
Great review and I was not surprised that Viofo did so well. I got myself a Vantrue N5 in 2023 and it likewise has a StarVis sensor, but the 4K version.  It's more expensive than the range of dash cams here, but it performs the same as the Viofo with double the resolution. Definitely needed to add a dash cam to my vehicle as I was wrecked twice in 2021, one of which was a total loss.  The outcome for each incident was positive as I wasn't found at fault for either, but that was the result of integrity from all parties in those wrecks.  Those outcomes could have easily turned out differently if other parties claimed that events transpired differently.  I am glad that I have a dash cam now in case I need indisputable evidence if another wreck should occur.
Hillarious quip about 99 cents better for an extra 8 bucks
Hey ProjectFarm, what about small torque screwdriver/wrench sets like: wheeler F.A.T sticks, wheeler digital/accurizing torque wrench, neiko torque wrench screwdriver, Fix it sticks, Borka tools and wera torque wrenches, these are for smaller torque applications like bicycles, scope mounting etc!!
The gas prices in California are almost double the price shown on your cameras, are you sure they were focused correctly?
screen on the ovaman looks oddly like an OLED, almost certainly not an OLED far more likely to be a dual layer LCD, one for color+contrast, then a contrast only layer(basically a B&W LCD layer)
Uda man dood. 👊🏽👽👍🏽
VIOFO best bang for your buck. Thinkware and blackvue are good too but expensive.
Like those Fuel prices though... Wish was that way here lol , What about Dash Cams that Replace the rearview mirror?
what about the garmin
Haha I just realized that all the video is the same feed. Meaning it was filed simultaneously side by side.   I can imagine how any people gave you chances and smirks seeing like a dozen cameras mounted on your dash and windshield
A timely review!  My dashcam was stolen, so this is quite helpful.  It's amazing how much the tech has improved in just a few years.  Also, do NOT use the paid parking at hotels around the Cleveland airport, your car will be broken into or stolen and they don't actually monitor the lots.
How does he read my mind?!? Was just thinking about buying one for all my vehicles literally today. Thank you again.
Great video! thanks
i have the viofo and i got it for $84 on black friday, its a great dash cam and your video just proved how good that cam is.
I think this deserves a round 2 with 2-in-1 cameras that have Front and Rear view in 1 device. We missed out on you reviewing these highly rated brands. Thinkware (I have 2 of these) Garmin Vantrue BlackVue (Way more expensive)
Living the midwest, I would have liked to see which ones survive a freezer. My old dash cam died in a blizzard :(
I have a Garmin DC Mini 2.  Been a great dashcam for years now.  Not too expensive, but might consider a Viofo for my other vehicle.
I have that exact Viofo front and rear in my car since 2022 based on Linus tech tips review. Saved me when I got hit and the other driver blamed me.
Very nice, I wish you would have included an expensive Garmin just to see if they are worth the extra cost, but more than likely the VIOFO will do you well and only costs about 60% as much
Doorbell cameras would be nice, I still haven’t bought one 😅
Apparently, these are the dash cams preferred by all bigfoot hunters.
Nice review! so the Viofo has a collision sensor for when you are parked?
Thanks PF 👍👍👍🙌
It'd be great if you did a review of higher end dash cams instead of cheap ones.
Sheesh… the miden kinda performs like Biden. It’s just there😂
Great video. I have 2 ROVE and would not trade them for anything. Thank you.
I use a Garmin dc 66w in my Semi Truck.  It's a signal forward facing camera with night vision,  auto collision detect, voice commands and ability to take pictures.  I have never had to chance to put it to the test, thank God but seems to of a very good quality
Really disappointed that Vantrue wasn’t tested with these
Blackvue. You're welcome.
Been waiting for this! And unusual to have such a clear-cut winner. Thanks
Is the 'Nextbase' range of dashcams available in the US? I have a Nextbase  622W fitted and it will out perform all of the cameras in the presentation, it's like having a movie camera fitted. Not cheap though, in the UK they're the equivalent of $300, extra for the rear camera and extra for the OBD hardwire kit.
Awesome timing! Was just discussing with my daughter about getting her a dash cam. As always, a great review of them! Thank you!
The timing on this video is crazy! I’ve been considering/looking up some dash cam brands I’ll definitely consider the results f this project farm video !
Why don't cars come from the factory with dash cams?
I have the rove r2 Meh.... not as good as my black box.
Great video thanks. It might have been interesting to see what difference a CPL filter would have made. Linus tech tips also has a good dashcam video.
isn't there like only a few sensors out there that there all end up using?
I have 3 Viofos in my 2019 Ram 1500; 2 in the rear window with one facing inside, and the third on the windshield. Ram forgot to install a sufficient number of 12V outlets, and only one of the 9 USB outlets (in the console) is keyed to the ignition. Fortunately the Viofo works on USB so I ran the power cables under the rear rug and up into the console. The placement is so unexpected that I got great video of a dealership's valet rifling through my glove box. I use a Rove as a security camera set to 1fps, which gives me 2 months of video with a 512gb card.
Glad to hear see the Viofo come out on top. That's the standard recommendation from dash cam reviews. I've had other sitting in my Amazon list for a while waiting for another food sale
I've been wanting to get a better dash cam since I drive all over Wyoming for business and want not only the video witness in case of mishaps, but quality video of some really spectacular Rocky Mountain scenery. This video has made it an informed choice. Thank you so much!
Do some wooden top shop work tables with drawers next!
Another excellent review. Validates my recent purchase of a VIOFO.
Why do you talk with that excessive inflection? It's super distracting.
Thank you for that (for me) timely review of dash cams. My wife and I travel by motorhome 4-5 months of the year. With the number of crazy drivers out there, I've been wanting to buy one but didn't know where to start. I watched the whole video, the only problem was that you didn't show the model# for the Viofo. I had to go back and watch the begining frame by frame. I found it and ordered it on Amazon for $99.00. Thanks again---RON
The general rule of thumb is get one made in South Korea.
I thought the tests for dash cam was your poorest test so far so much was not covered in this
This guy is a super hero. Just when I need him, he's there to help save the day. Thank you, sir.
12:30 Thanks PF! and thanks to tou, random work truck! Some of those clips looked like they were taken much later. But, there is the continuity truck.
Project Farm…. not all hero’s wear capes, some are simply “gonna test that”
I was saved by my rear facing dash cam when I was rear-ended (his fault). His insurance company was a sketchy one, but after I sent them my footage they paid for everything with no friction. Without the cam I'm sure they would have only accept 50% of the fault.
Great job Todd as usual
LTT did a similar test 2 years ago and found almost the same thing... good to hear in the last 2 years nothing has gotten better...!
I literally just mount a phone on my dash with a phone holder. Has a better camera than any dashcam I've seen, has a wide-angle lense, stability control and storage.
Bodycam next, please.
I use a Garmin dashcam, sad not to see it in the list
Another great review. My new idea is Best tasting chocolate milk mix. It would be highly subjective.
I have a Cobra sc220c and what a let down!  Tiny screen, hard to press buttons, it gives a "memory card full" msg when I thought it was supposed to overwrite the oldest video.  I hate this POS!
Wow the newest Snow White trailer really took a -new- direction and went super short and simple approach highlighting on mostly the dwarves.   People complain about the choice of cg but it logically makes the most sense as it really is the most “animated” and “lively”side characters that become the favorite of every franchise even tho they really shouldn’t be both intentionally and unintentionally.
I tried a dashcam that couldn't keep a charge. You think you caught something on camera but nope, the battery went dead. :(
No Garmin?
you left out garmin
The joe miden
Again thank you for what you do! I have a red tiger camera and it has been working great, the collision recording protection works well, just ask the deer...  On another note, I would love to see an updated electric power washer video, seeing claims of up to 5,000PSI... not sure i buy that!!
As Linus said a few years back, most of these dashcams are the same sensor/internal components and are marketed as different products... but they're really all the same dash cam, with three tiers or so of quality.
Are you sure the Rove was made in china? I thought it was made in New Jersey UPDATE.. Went through four VIOFO's and the rear camera never worked. I live in Florida. And the only thing I could think of is the heat through the windshield cooked that dash cam. Dealer took back all 4. Bought the Rove3 and that has lasted 2 years. Maybe you should test the dash cams during the summer heat?
None of these are name-brand dash cams!
Why were only the cheap dashcams made in China tested? Last time I checked Thinkware made in Korea were at the top of the list. Would have liked to see on them included.
I really wish yuou would of reviewed Vantrue. I feel the Vantrue blows all of these other away.
The bigger issue is software, updates, and support.  Viofo is the best of this bunch.  Vantrue is also a solid option.
Great video, as always! These dashcams live in rough conditions on windshields and constantly rewriting data. It would have been nice to review performance sitting in hot cars or see how much temperature it takes until they overheat.
Have you ever tested home scales on the higher end weight limit?
Before I watched the video I said if Viofo is included it'll be at the top.  Excellent experience with mine.
Please test dashcam cooking inside car on a hot day.  Here in Australia many dashcams cheap or expensive stop working on hot days
I've been watching this channel forever and had no idea you were in Peculiar, mo. I instantly recognized the dash cam footage and was like NO WAY!   Keep up the good work!
I love the silly brand names 😆😆
List of JUNK Dash Cams, using a 70MAI 4K camera for 5 years.
For the video image comparisons, but a better way to do it would be to put the best and worst competitors on the sides of the current candidate, instead of this previous/current comparison.
all of your video/content are legit, hope you are making bank while having fun!
Another great video. I use a Garmin dashcam, and I wonder how it would have done in this showdown.  How about a cutting board comparison?
Bro none of these are 4k even if they say they are.  lol
I had a VIOFO front and rear. Great dash cam but the power harness that plugs to the fuses for driving power/parking mode is kind of iffy. It’ll randomly stop supplying power so I’ll have to unplug them from the fuse box by my leg and plug them back in.  Recently, I totaled my car hitting a deer and the dash cam disconnected from the base that powers it so the footage it was recording didn’t even save to the SD card. Extremely disappointing.
From what I have heard (maybe LTT or something?) most car dashcams use basically the same sensor.  I do appreciate these tests, these are things I have questions about and I've been needing to get a car dashcam.  If I can make a decision to pay for the most inexpensive and have it be basically as good as the more expensive ones, I am down.
70mai also makes great cameras, you should compare winner with 70mai a810
This was very awesome!!! Full stop when you said, you’d get a second camera if you were going with a Viola. I thought the same thing! Great test, Thank you!
I firstly owned A119 V3 and it was pretty good. Now I upgraded it to A119 Mini 2 and it's great! It can capture license plate in the dark 😊 Viofo has no competition in price/quality ratio imo! Thanks for the test :)
Many thanks for the video.. cheers
you need to do one on brandades yours looks sad
Thanks! I watch every video!
I'll toss my 2 cents in. I've been using the Red Tiger (not sure the model #, but it used micro usb) since 2018 and am very happy to  have it. Back in 2023 I replaced it with the newer Red Tiger that you just reviewed. (F7NP, with usb-C) it also was on sale during Prime Day and is well worth the price. Seems they used a better image sensor in the newer one since the recording I've saved have improved between the different versions.  I've not needed the recordings for any insurance problems, but it's been a salve for my conscience.
A couple of hours ago I was hoping you would make a Dash Cam video soon! Thank you PF!
Thank you for the video
The viofo he tested is currently on sale for $99.
Video suggestion: cordless pole saws
How bout aftermarket digital rear view mirrors.. please do them.
YESSS!!!! THANK YOU!!!!  I requested this one in April 2023!
great content, however would you consider using your actual voice? this gets a bit grating after a few minutes
I've got both the rove 2 (a different model than yours, only has a front cam) and the rove 3, I much prefer the rove 3. Very good quality, has front, cabin and rear cameras.
One huge issue not covered here: Cameras using plastic lenses. They tend to go out of focus VERY quickly when left in a hot car in the Texas summer because the lenses warp with heat. I've had to throw away several because although they were "decent" when new, the focus became very bad after a few months.
I was hoping an Apeman model made its way into this review; good content nonetheless.
Another great and useful video! Can we see you test home cameras next?
You made my shopping experience MUCH easier!  Most of these reviews are “partisan “ at best on these other channels. Thx Again🫡
A well thought out and presented video as usual but I have a couple of questions...  Did you have all those cameras installed at the same time for equal footing WRT time of day and light conditions? If so I would love to see how crazy that windshield looked 😅. Did you do any tests at all under regular daylight or was it only the more challenging backlit and dark testing? Was it intentional to not evaluate the esthetics of the install? This is very important to me and for my own install on a couple of my vehicles I ended up buying an inferior camera that is terrific with the headlights on at night but just passable during grey days because it is completely built in and therefore zero wires and nothing on my windshield obstructing the view (hides inside a replacement shell around the rearview mirror with the rain sensor)  Thanks again for your great reviews!
Now we can catch Cousin Eddie drinking and driving again
I haven't pulled the trigger on buying a dashcam because of all the mixed reviews so it was nice to see you put this together.  I know what I am buying now.
Nice work.  I don't have experience with dashcams, but I do have experience selling digital camera equipment (albeit, 30 years ago).  Even back then, there were big differences.  While I'm sure much has changed (in terms of technology and of course pricing), the basics are likely the same.  To get an image, you can't just go by the marketing on the box.  There are many parts at play here, that work together to provide a quality image.  The lens, the pickup sensor, the processor and software to put it all together.  Now, it's likely you'll see cheap stuff finish low and more expensive ones finish better, since it is most likely that the more expensive brands have put better pickup sensors, lenses and processors in their cameras.  Where this can go south is if one brand wants to put a "4K sensor", but still uses low end lenses and processors that result in a mediocre result despite being "4K" (for example).
I think Breaking Bad mexico scenes were filmed on Miden
Best channel. Ty. I've had BlackVue for years. Just upgraded to VIOFO A329.  License plate reading is overrated though a good test.
70mai is a good one for future follow up.  They offer inexpensive to Starvis 2 in upper models.
Please do Sewing machines!
I have an old Waylens Secure360 4G. Already been through one accident and many hot days with no issues with shutting down due to overheating. The heatsink on it is the best I've seen. The most common issues reported across all dashcams nowadays are that they all use the same sensors, and they all tend to overheat even on mildly hot days.
Test chrome polish
This is the review I've been waiting for. Excellent, as always.🎉
Thank-you ever so much for doing this survey.  I may actually buy one now. Another possible survey you might do is that of web and conferencing cams. Thanks once again!
A couple of years ago, I bought a Rexing brand.  Produces good video in all conditions.  My only complaint is if the vehicle is parked for a few days, it will lose the time and date.  I mounted it to the windshield using Command strips.
We on cuzz, love from Australia ❤
Thanks for another great video! Idea for future video: front mounted cameras for off-road use (such as mounting on a front bumper or in a similar location).
Absolutely perfect timing sir. Time and time again.  Thank you. Please don't stop doing what you do. Maybe hire someone at some point.
Can you test High Temperature Spray Paint .TY
Dashcam manufacturers are a bunch of liars when it comes to what they think "HD" is. Just because a file is saved at a specific resolution does NOT mean it is actually that quality. It's effing pathetic. I'd take 20fps or 30fps versus "60 fps" if it meant I could read the license plates.
For our American readers, fuel price for cheap 95 was  $7.67/gallon today,  if I calculate correct (1.82€/litre) that normal price in Europe.
Very nice presentation.  I find that I always check your channel for a review before I make a sinificant purchase of tools/electronics &/or gadgets.  Thanks for the efforts and testing methodologies!
Wait gas is 2.69??!?!
This video is sponsored by ACAB. ACAB: All Cats are Beautiful 😻
This is the greatest timing. I was looking into these today for the very first time. Thanks for all of the great content!
thank you!
If you haven’t done it yet I have a suggestion: Does octane booster work?
Somehow your voice seemed like it was 3 times louder than i had set my levels at. I kept trying to turn down the volume till i just turn it off...
How about a video on collapsible wagons? There’s so many out there with many different designs and styles. Thanks!
I think LTT also did a similar video a few years back and I remember the viofo performed well, I am glad it is still getting top marks
Why you didn't inclide a  garmin dash cam?
What about using a 2 year old phone with a good camera?
You made the wrong choices for ViOFO. You should have tried viofo a229 pro. No other brand on your list can stand next to it
Was wondering why you didn't review the Vantru dashcam?  Great video by the way!!
I like my thinkware f70pro, with the gps it's warning me about the radar and traffic light cameras...so useful here in Canada where cameras are like taxes, everywhere
Man your video just came on the right moment. I was thinking about buying a dash cam and you have provided excellent info.
MrFarm, when you have the sidebyside comparison, keep the text of which is which on
Thank you for video,it will be big help
4ks to these companies actually mean 240p 🤣
looking to put one in my car! thanks for doing this roundup!
Oh. My. Gosh! Your video just saved me MONTHS (I know, because I've been through it once) of research time and even then, I'd be guessing. Thank you, very much. This may be your best yet.
Great video. You should do the same with action cams. A lot of people use them as 'dash cams' for their motorcycles as well as other uses.
I would like to see a round 2 with some other high quality brands. I also would have liked to see them disassembled to see what sensor was actually in them
Another excellent video thank you.
No Garmin? I've had two different models of Garmin that have been very useful to prove other drivers where responsible for accidents.
How can you Miss - 70 Mai??😮
Excellent testing and reporting, and a very useful and practical topic - thanks!
You shouldve tested the new coolcrazy
Vantrue N4 is my favorite camera
Damn. I wish this video came out a few weeks ago before I bought my dash cam😂
@ProjectFarm is a national treasure.
It is like you know me. I just got into an accident where a car pulled out in front of me and I ended up rear ending them. No cameras and no witnesses. I was at fault as hitting anyone from behind puts you at fault automatically. Police said their story was they were driving and I hit them. They did not tell the police that they pull out in front of me. I got a lawyer and am trying to get the cars computer pulled as it will have the speeds and braking power of their car before the accident. If I had a dashcam, I could have showed it to the police right there and then and put the whole thing to rest. I am I. The market for one and this video just saved me a lot of time and research.
Great work as always! As an Uber driver it'd be interesting if you compared internal video at night/day etc if you revisit the topic at all. Also, durability is a big factor too with being heat and freezing resistant. I've stopped buying fancy high wifi cameras etc because they crap out after less than a year.
Can you do rear view mirror dashcam next please???
Omg I suggested doing a dashcam video to PF like 2 weeks ago!!! This channel is truly amazing!!!
Love it.  You'll be testing toilet paper next.
A lot of Europeans swear by Viofo.  They have 4k/1080p dual and triple channel cameras. This is the single channel.  If it were for me, i'd get the Viofo A229 Pro Dual Channel
I run the VIOFO 229 Pro in all My Cars and Trucks there are No Better ones out there for the Money and they have a Polarized cover to put on them to stop glare and they run the STARVIS 2 on them
Great reviews You are still better off having something than nothing at all.
I love you man, love the content... but the fact you didn't review a VanTrue Pro N4 or one of their other offerings when its the hands down favorite for Taxi and Rideshare is criminal.
Perfect  timing -- I was just evaluating dash cams for purchase this week!
Great test! I am not impressed by the results tbh. My old samsung S21 phone is sharper!
OK, dumb question...if a person wanted to have a dash cam to use while parked for several hours at a time, are any of these an option?   Recommendations?
Thank you, sir, for this awesome report, I was looking for the dash camera and now I know which one to get. Cheers
are any of them good at parked motion detection, my viofo is unusable for that
Regarding longevity, under heavy use, I had a Redtiger and it kicked the bucket in just under 2 years.  It was in a semi-truck, recording drives about 10 hours per day.  It started randomly turning off, and firmware, different power cables, and support could not fix it.  I shopped around and just ended up buying another Redtiger, as they seemed the best option.  $110 every couple of years isn't too bad for the peace of mind. I also have a VIOFO in my personal vehicle that is 2 years old and still doing great.  It is a relief when a PF video comes out and stuff you already own comes out looking good.  Great video as always.  The time and money put into putting these together must be outrageous.
Thanks for doing all this work for us. You are Awesome!
Great vid, as usual.  I'll probably get a VIOFO.  Any chance you could do a vid on home security systems?
I’m just wondering what brand bandage you’re wearing and is it very impressive?😊
Do you buy the products you test and do you get a kickback when someone buys through your links?
Hello @projectfarm i have a suggestion for a next video. Try phone armbands holders. I need one a motorcycle to right now to show me maps and gps. It could be compared somehow with plastic holders on handlebars, it could work on bycicles as well. Thank you for your service todd. I changed my mind because of your tests few times. Have a nice day. :) i need a dashcam for my car as well so here i come to watch this vid.
For anyone looking to buy a dash cam: the r/dashcam subreddit has a ton of resources and info. If you're willing to spend a little more and deal with install (either DIY or bring it to a mechanic), getting a setup with cameras in the front and back (dual channel) is definitely worth it. I had the Viofo A119 for years until I was rear ended and the guy drove off. They turned down a side street instead of speeding past me, so my front camera was no help.
Well, ain't that Peculiar? I've been thinking of getting a dash cam lately, so the timing is excellent for this test. Thanks again Todd, you are truly a major YouTube asset.
Great video!  As others have mentioned, there's just so much marketing discrepancies and it's so difficult to make an informed decision. That's where your videos come in, and level the playing field.  I use a front/rear dash cam for work and the rear camera helps as a backup camera, but I'd like to upgrade.  *Is it a situation where more $ equates to better quality? I see it's the case in this review*
No REXING in the competition? I've been using them for years and under $100 bucks I've gotten some very good footage off of this including my own head on.
Recently, you tested headlamps. Can you do a test of regular flashlights or spotlights?
Excellent review!!!
Do action cameras next please! I've tried like 5 at various prices and they were all terrible.
If you revisit this subject look at Samsara.  Even though their services are a big part of their product the cameras att work are pretty good.
I use a Garmin DC67W and I love it. A bit more expensive, but it works very well.
Cars need to come with dash cams. I am so sick of relying on these Chinese made junks that breakdown over time.
Unfortunately, I would never buy a forward only dashcam.  I have a Vantrue with 3 cameras, and it is priceless if there is an accident or someone hits my car while it is parked.  It would be great to see a review of dashcams that included potential vandalism and accidents while parked and unattended.
Wondering why you've tested the very old Viofo 119 v3. The Viofo 119 Mini 2 costs the same and has the newest Starvis 2 sensor, unbeatable for the price.
Thanks for the good information once again.
Hope there’s a round 2.  A lot of more expensive and popular dash cams out there.
Great to see you expanding your testing repertoire! I'd like to see you test robot vacuums the way only you can!
It would be interesting to mention what camera sensor are used by those cameras. Can you make a video with 4k video recorders like Blackvue DR970X?
There are cheaper cameras, and ones that have both front+rear, but I feel that if you can't read a plate and PROVE it was them, they can say "yeah that wasn't me"
Nice reviews... I was thinking of buying a dash cam and you just made my choices easier... Nicely done... =8-)
viofo went on sale too.
If you do another one of these try a vantrue e1 or one of there higher end ones, they are very good for the money.
OMG thank you sir for this review it is very helpful; driving experience has only gotten worse over the years.
should send this vid to linus.
I run a rear camera to keep track of my trailer behind the motorhome.  It's essential for changing lanes and works well during daytime . . . . but there's too much glare at night and I only switch it on when necessary.  Plus there's infrared LEDs that cause the display to flash (very annoying).  Would love to see you extend this test with rear cameras during night driving.  GREAT JOB on the forward cameras!
I'm really curious how the higher end dash cams hold up to the competition. I really trust Garmin in most things. Own several of their outdoor and boating products great longevity and performance. Wonder about the dashcams though is it worth the pricetag?
The Hook Up does a really good job comparing dash cams. Combine his info with this for some pretty good reference material to help you get a good camera.
Been thinking about getting a dashcam for my wife's car.  To be honest, I would love to get the Viofo, as it's clearly the top performer here.  However, I think it's valuable to have a rear camera also, so maybe Redtiger is more where I am leaning.  Although, to be fair, it seems that the rear camera performance probably isn't all that great and may not even be useful anyway, so maybe Viofo is the way to go (and potentially get 2 of them, as you said).
My dash cam has saved me $500 deductible TWICE in the last six months from liars who hit me claiming I hit them.  The video doesn’t lie.  GET A DASH CAM and have it professionally installed.
*GREAT  JOB......AGAIN.   WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT ALL THESE  BRANDS  PERFORM  SO  POORLY.  JUST BUY THE VIOFO*
Hey thanks this was super useful, cameras especially the marketing means nothing until you see the actual images.
Your videos never disappoint! I watch them even for products im not interested in and I watch a lot just to learn and appreciate solid and unbiased test method.
Wait till he finds out about the viofo 229 pro...
As a current owner of the VIOFO dashcam i have to add the EXCELENT customer service. My brand name samsung 128gb sd card stoped working after 5 months. Thinking it was the cameras fault i contacted VIOFO and they sent me a brand new, viofo branded sd card FOR FREE.
I just started looking fot dash cams and was looking at the rove. You must be like apple and listening to my conversations… 👀 keep up the great work
VIOFO really sweeped. Somehow not surprised, since it usually did in other reviews I've seen. They do make a version with a rear camera as well, the A129 or something like that!
Project Farm never disappoints. 👊🏻👍🏻
Well, now I want a dash cam….
Why wouldn’t you test a mainstream brand like Garmin?
I'm using Viofo right now. It's very good dashcam but now I would buy double cam  (Viofo 129).
Thanks for your efforts. I think there was a bit of a missed opportunity by not showing some of the big name cameras like Garmin and Blackview which have cameras not far off these price ranges to see if they are worth it or not.
I use dashcams and I really have only had one last a long time in the heat/cold etc. It’s an “Apeman”. I had uniden that lasted a few months, got too hot and never worked again.
The problem with dashcam is the lithium ion batteries. Best is to use capacitor powered dashcam
Would love to see the right you came up with to mount all these cameras in your truck to have them tested all at the same time.
I drive delivery and have been wanting a dash cam but it’s hard to choose. Thank you for your content
Nice to see another party validate the reviews that vortex radar has been doing as well😊
This is really cool, I also kinda wanted to see the reverse shot of all 10 cameras glued to your window 🤣
Great video once more! Next time you´ll test dashcams try to include the Azdome GS63H (around 100 USD) and the Miofive S1 (around 60 USD). Both have received excellent reviews in American (NY Times - Wirecutter), British and German magazine reviews.
11:26 I'm just realizing he went with every cam strap to the dash 😂 that would be crazy to see as a passing car 😂😂
I have a Viofo 2 camera kits in every car I own - I love it.  It's cheap insurance.
VioFo sells out in ten minutes everywhere 👍😎✊
Good work!
Wish this was around a couple weeks ago, though the dash cam I got is not only sufficient but definitely overkill for my needs. Vantrue seemed to be a popular brand and their Nexus 5 was what I went with, unfortunately it was nearly triple the cost of anything in the lineup with the accessories I got so I'd hope it outperforms these. Considering half my driving is at night I needed something with unparalleled night vision.  If you do a test like this again I might recommend a battery test, with mine motion detection on it drained my battery too much to start the car the next day because it was recording almost constantly since I park on a busy street.
Loved how you did this review. Can only imagine what your windshield looked like and the wiring for all these to be tested simultaneously!   This is super helpful but would like to also see a test of the new DVR type review mirrors for dash cams from Wolfbox, VOXX and others.
Thank you for your  videos I use them to decide what I purchase
THANKS for doing this REVIEW!!!!!  I had seen a not amazing dash cam review 2-3 years ago and gave up on wanting one.  I may revisit one.
I would have loved to see video of the face on the guy in the white ram, wondering what the crazy guy with 10 dash cams is doing. Lol
Thanks, been waiting for a good comparison of dashcams.
Viofo comes out on top in every single comparison i've seen. They have one hell of a product and the only ones i've seen perform better were several times it's price. Seems to be the sweet spot. Cheap enough to be plastic but not too expensive to be overpriced.
I have the ARIFAYZ dash cam for about 6 months and I think it’s good enough for most people at only around 30 bucks. I like that it’s a lot smaller than the other dash cams out there! The only problem I have with it is sometimes the app won’t connect to the live camera feed after it’s plugged in for a while. Great video!
Watching Project Farm on a sunday has become one of my Sunday Rituals. I have no need of buying a Dashcam or the other products that the man tests so extensively for us. But, I watch it anyway just to support the channel. Thank you @ProjectFarm for the detailed vids. YOu are doing a great service to the customers, brother #wearegonnatestthat
Blackvue for the win
Before even watching I can tell you it's VIOFO A119 V3.
What the F!? Is that your gas prices?!!? Holy smokes, I thought it was bad in sweden....
After a lot of research I bought a Viofo A129 (same as A119 but with a rear camera). I also bought the GPS mount and wiring kit for parking mode. The GPS mount stopped working after a few months and parking mode a few months later. Sad.  Pro tip: Get the polarizing filters.
Awesome review. I bought two viofos using the link you provided. They were on sale! I'd love to see you so a review of RADAR DETECTORS. Extra points if you can pull off a colab with a police officer. That would be fun. Great work!
I'm surprised that blackvue want included.
Should have tested police stops and people walking up the the car window. I think that is one of the main uses.
People in the red house: “That car has been down our road about 20 times. Should we call the cops?”😂
SUGGESTION FOR A SECOND ROUND : Nexbase 322, Cobra , Garmin mini.
I have a dashcam, too.  It's a 1080p "Yada"  It's been in the drawer since I bought it five years ago.  I didn't mount it because I was about to get a new car.  When I got the new car, I didn't want to start sticking things to it.  Then it faded from memory until this very day.
Good content.
wow that is lot of good work, thank you. that helped a lot.
Thanks, well done.
EXCELLENT VIDEO . THANK YOU    NOW I KNOW A LOT MORE ABOUT CAMERAS !
I recently purchased 2 dash cameras from redtiger a few months back, happy to see I chose correctly. Thank you for the video brother, take care
The quality of the SD card makes a huge difference too. If it's not rated for high-speed video, then the quality in the video will droop.
You should compare the winners against a gopro, doesn't offer the same features but would probably outperform in image clarity
👍🏻
I bought a VIOFO for my son a year ago. I just watched a couple of Dashcam Australia videos, which compile crash footage once a week. I realised one brand had quality above the rest, especially when you need it most …. After a crash.
OMG, this had to be very challenging and time consuming to put together.  I would love to see your test setup - that had to be a sight.  Thanks for the content!
time to invest in viofo
I hate to be one of those people who are never happy but I wish you would have compared some of the brand name cameras from Garmin and Escort for example.
I see you live near Peculiar Missouri… Looks like a nice peaceful area…
Outstanding video and great topic idea.  A comparison of units with Wi-Fi built in might be a good follow up topic.
Another channel exposed that most of these dashcams use the same cheap camera.
I have VIOFO and it is really good
Something to keep in mind my viofo shut off when i got into an accident then turned back on a few minutes later on its own, which left a blank spot in the recording of the actual accident. My dashcam is a hardwired to the fusebox and the battery so even if the car shuts off it should stay running.
For the technically inclined, the best dash cam is often an old smartphone you don't use anymore, with free dashcam software installed. The price is your time setting it up. And maybe buying a dash holder for it.
They do have viofos with rear facing cameras, they really are the best, i have one for every vehicle.
I use the Viofo A229 Pro camera, front and rear.. only issued I've had is the app occasionally not connecting to the camera...
This is great  Can you do Apple car play screen next please  There is too many options  to pick from  So we need you to dk us the favor and get rid of the weak 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼🫡
Blackvue
VIOFO is being recommended by many dashcam channels in germany.
Perfect timing. Thank you.
I have tried out many dashcams for many years. Viofo has been the best imho. It has better image quality no matter day or night than many more expensive dashcams. HOWEVER, it can overheat in summer time when parked under the sun for an extended period of time. You would have to unplug the USB and plug it back in to restart. Sometimes you might not realize it has shut off because the red light stay on when it's overheated. So it can trick you thinking it's working. I would suggest everytime when you get in the car in summer time, press the button on the Viofo. If it responds to you, then it's fine. If it doesn't, restart it. If you wonder which models of Viofo I had tried. I have tried every one of them except A129 (which is the front and rear cam combo)   One thing PF should have tested was heat tolerance on the dashcams and maybe the adhesive / suction cup on the mount as well.  Most of dashcams will fail (image quality) and Viofo is no exception, but it degrades less. Some adhesive / suction cups will fail under direct sunlight.  But I highly recommend getting a dashcam with all the dishonest drivers out there. Protect yourself from insurance fraud. Don't wait till you get in an accident then wish you have one. Because that's too late, you had your chance.  I hope this helps!
try to review cameras over $300 like Alpine or THINKWARE U3000, 4K those cheap dashcam are garbage the once you have reviewed
You should start taking points off for these Chinese names where they didn't put any effort into their brand name. I think they just let a cat walk around on a keyboard in some cases.
Another winning video, that's my subjective opinion ;=)
Would love to see this test done with more name brand cameras?
Did you change the bitrate settings? - what where they set to?
wow, right when I am shopping around for a dashcam.... Project Farm comes up with a video exactly for that 😆
I recommended this last year to do a review on dash cams. Thank you very much for doing this.
Never Outatime to watch a Project Farm video.
King of product testing !
This is awesome.   Looks like you’re experienced enough to do outdoor home security cameras now. 😉 Arlo, Ring, Nest, Eufy, TP-Link, etc.   Hint Hint
So far at least 2 different cheap Chinese cameras I've tried have drawn down the battery of my truck after 3 to 4 days left plugged in but supposed to be inactive.
Thank you sir. I appreciate the effort and time you put into these reviews. You provide a quality service and I hope you are being well compensated for your efforts.
Grainy license plates aren't a problem. Tap a few keys on your keyboard and you can enhance them to be crystal clear.
I would not have included Dash Cams that don't have USB-C connections to begin with. Also-would have been nice to include some higher end brands like Vanture.
Thank you for the review on dash cams! Dash cameras I have bought in the past, (2) have failed in the Las Vegas Nv. heat of summer. I was hoping "Heat" would be one of your tests. As always I greatly love your through reviews, but what about camera heat longevity??
I do wonder where the BlackVue models would rank in this comparison. Unusually expensive, though.
XLNT video! I've been looking forward to a dashcam video from you for a while.
Good one.
no garmin? we need a "mid to high end" dashcam review!!
I got one of the Red Tigers about a week ago. It's a very good camera and installation is quite easy.  I bought it, because it had a very good rating on Amazon. Thanks for letting me see it up against the competition!
Holy cow! I’ve passed you on the freeway before in that truck. I had no idea that was you.
i remember watching a video on dashcams before and there were tons of brands to choose from, but upon teardown the optics were always the same models from just a couple companies for all units priced under a certain price point, that I cant remember. I think the number of usable optics for those dash cams is few and far between and your mostly paying for memory, features, and ease of use after that. But what do I know...I only went to youtube university.
Cop: he says you hit him... PF: he's lying, he backed into me Cop: you have dashcam footage? PF: no, but I do have footage from 11 dashcams. Cop: just stares while trying to comprehend 😶
The real test is trying to pull a video 2 years later and finding out if it corrupts or not
I wish I'd see a conclusion different from "yup, they all suck, but some suck less" Gues that's still just a dream.  Great video as usual, quick and straight to the point.
Interesting. It looks like a lot of the cameras are using the same two sensors, but they are doing the image processing differently.  The CoolCrazy, for example, is using a heck of a sharpening algorithm to get the text to stand out in poor conditions.
JEEZ, IS THERE A WAY TO TEST ANDROID HEADUNITS
Perfect timing. Put up, at work, a sticky note a few weeks ago ‘Dash Cams’ 👍
Would like to see this took the the next step up with more expensive dash cams. I have two Garmins and really like them.
Finally a review for something ive really need but not willing to shell out money for an unknown.  Next we need floodlight cam review. Tired of buying terrible ones.
I've been using VIOFO products for years and it's awesome!
I bought a Pruveeo some months back, because I wanted the rear camera as well as be able to see what is happening at the driver/passenger windows for police interactions, road rage, etc. It's been good so far.
💯💯💯💯
If you invest in a dash cam. Invest in a usb-c micro sd card reader. It'll let you save the footage to your phone right then and there.
Have you ever done an oil filter showdown? I usually use Fram, but the internet can be a bit negative about them.
got 2 older (A118C +A119V2) viofos and they are still performing good. Better get the GPS version, thus the clock will be always spot on. And also consider the optional CPL filter, it takes out screen reflections. best quality performance ratio. You will rarely need the video recorded, but should you needed better to get a quality one. Don't save too much money on the SD card, you need those which will last long for all continuous overwriting.
If you buy a cam with an SD card, throw the card away and buy a name brand "endurance" card. I have a Samsung that's still working perfectly after recording 175,000 miles of video.
I just bought the rove r2-4k dual a few days ago. I'm happy with it so far. Easy install.
I've been looking at dash cams and really glad you were able to do a comparison. Thank you! Your content is always too notch
Another excellent video on something very important to all drivers.
I have never even thought about buying dash cam, but now everyone knows which one is the best. Thanks for another great video.
Thank you as usual.  This and all of your videos are extremely helpful.
I have the VIFO, they go on sale every now and then. I grabbed two at $80 each. I previously had 2 "cheaper" IWEY brand models which I paid $45 and $60 for respectively. The first IWEY was a great value but the constant heat/cold cycles where I live in middle USA made the face plate fall off and fried the battery. The second IWEY was just cheap plastic compared to the first even though it was more expensive. I decided not to install it because of the poor capture quality and bought the VIFOs. Which are fantastic by comparison. Crisp video, easy to configure, solid feel, super caps survive the harsh environment, and it's a very clean install when put in a Miata, practically invisible. Highly recommended.
I was hoping to see a garmin here but oh well.
Need to test high end cameras now
Thanks for this review, I have ended up with super junk
Note to anyone using a dash cam:  Make damn sure your date AND time are accurate!  In the event of an accident (your fault or not), the other parties insurance company will try to make the video footage inadmissible if they're not correct. And if that footage is what's about to save you... that would be "bad".
Damn so lucky just a month ago I bought a Viofo! Good to see that I made the right decision!
Can I just say how great the audio is now that you have a pop filter, it's so much better ☺️
I've always heard about Thinkware dash cams. I was surprised not to see those included. I wonder how they compare to these.
I just got the Red Tiger F17 two months ago. It's a 3-channel cam with 4 K front and 1080P for inside and rear. It has a Parking mode, Wi-Fi, and 12 or 24 hr loop recording if hard-wired. It's pretty simple to do so.  You can go up to a 512Ggb micro-sd for recording.  It does have GPS to show where you've been.  It works very well.  The app for the phone is good and so is the desktop app.  Thanks for the reviews
Vantrue is one of the most poplar brands...lets test that next time!  Thanks!
What about brands like garmin or vantrue?
Vortex Radar does some great dashcam testing too. Black Box My Car is a reputable seller so you can see what brands they stock vs. The random brands on Amazon. Some of the well reviewed brands are heavily boosted with paid reviews, post purchase credit, etc.  Lastly there is alot of misleading claims such as 4k resolution but only have a sensor capable of 1080p or some other mismatch and then simply upscaling the output. Always check the specs and what it is truly capable of.  Great review as always!
I think it’s important to note, ALL of these cameras were “done” being readable by 30’. It stands to reason, if you absolutely need the information, say it out loud so the microphones can hear it as well. Also, do not offer dash cam footage to anyone except your insurance company - to prove “at-fault” status. If the cops want it for evidence, it can just as easily be used against you. And for the love of all things independently reviewed…CLEAN YOUR WINDSHIELDS, outside AND inside.
Sad that Vantrue didn't get tested. My N4 has been extremely clear, I'm considering the N4 pro for my new truck.
don't buy dashcams with AI upscaling. they will not help you in any way. the VIOFO is not 4K like the other cameras but doesn't use AI upscaling and gives a native 1440p picture.
I'm just trying to imagine what the driver of the white truck was thinking when he saw you drive past with eleven dash cams
Very useful information to help me make my decision. I was hoping that a known and trusted brand such as Garmin was included it the testing. But I think Viofo is the winner here as clarity is King in a dashcam.
God the quality of this channel has gone down the drain. It's no longer about reviewing good products. Now it's just reviewing whatever garbage can be found on Amazon for an affiliate link. There's much better cameras out there, but they either don't sell on Amazon or aren't cheap like all these are.
Great tests.  It's nearly impossible to know what's the best without buying all options.  Thanks for doing that so we don't have to.
thanks, i've been looking for a comparison but couldnt find any channel doing consistent testing with a lot of different models
No Nexar ?
Plot twist - forgot to peel off the plastic film
Could you do motorcycle cams / headphones please ?
And remember kids, dashcams can be used against you too! If you're found to have deleted evidence of you being at fault, due to the rules of discovery thats a(nother) crime.
I have 2 viofo dashcams, the A119 mini 2 and the A139. The A139 is 4k, while the A119 mini is 2k. Both are fantastic dashcams, but the A119 is much better value. It’s cheaper and has a display. The A139 has better image quality, more reliable, but there’s no display. Both easily outperform my older, more expensive blackvue dashcam. The only downside is that they don’t have cloud capabilities like some blackvue cameras. The only dashcam that comes close to the viofo is 70mai. Established brands like blackvue or thinkware simply cannot compete in terms of value and even quality.
I've been using the same random ass Chinese dash cam for the better part of a decade. Saved me from being at fault in any accidents I've been in. Sadly it quit working this week and this video is perfect timing. Time for an upgrade.
Thanks for another great video. Project Farm never disappoints and is the hardest working channel on YouTube!
I would love to see the Viofo go up against the "big boys" (Blackvue, Garmin, Rexing, etc.) It's too bad Anker shot themselves in the foot with their ROAV cloud service scam. I have an A1 that's excellent and has survived a decade of Texas summers and a 50 mph impact into the side of a Ram 2500.
My biggest problems come after the sd card looped a few times it unclear when it recording or not. I seen this after two different cameras. Gps is helpful.
O My God!!!!
I personally can highly recommend the Azdome GS63Pro (non-H) which can be found with some luck for as low as 90 bucks.  Has a Super Capacitor, Sony Starvis sensor, voice control, 128gb storage, decent App connectivity, usable rear camera and fairly decent low light performance.   Similar performing dashcams by name brand companies like Viofo set you back at least double of what Azdome charges for an insignificantly better image quality.
I bought a VIOFO a couple years ago, after a similar showdown on "The Hookup".  They do offer a rear camera; ours has a 1080p rear.  It worked great to capture a couple of close calls with deer and a road-rager that followed my wife to the police department.  The interior audio was instrumental in showing the officer what happened.
Great video. I've had my eye on the redtiger brand for a while, but the F77 model. Its about double the redtiger modle you tested. I will definitely be considering the viofo now. Thank you for sharing this.
Fantastic reviews! I've been wanting a camera just for peace of mind for traffic stops. I haven't been stopped yet but I've also not encountered a break in at my home either but preparedness is paramount. Thanks!
Viofo and Wolfbox have been my goto for years
I got the red tiger camera and it also does amazing with the app. Please share the app specs like how it counts g force and gps tacking capabilities. Love your content.
Finally! A real scientific comparison between dash cams! Another random idea popped up when doing laundry: Dryer sheet and alternative (i.e. wool ball) comparisons. Maybe next time you're doing a detergent comparison.
I love the new format where you compare footage side-by-side between the current best vs the next contender. Makes it very easy to follow along.
Thanks!
Great information, Thank you...
Some of these dashcams have 4k and others are just 4King crap.
Thank you and keep up the good work. You are always appreciated here every Sunday
i use 2 Garmin 67w one for the front and one for the back. picture quality is good and i like the features.
No Comment
I'd be curious to see how the Thinkware camera does. I have one in each of my vehicles. It has motion detection for parking recording, impact sensing, GPS, speed,  rear camera.
No Garmin units in the list?
Now find the truth about gun oils
Thanks!!
I have a couple of Wolfbox mirror replacement dash cams/rear view cameras.  They work really well, but their light balance is pretty bad.  You have to manually point the camera down so that you get less sky, and that fixes the problem.  It's such a wide angle view that  you don't restrict the views by doing this, but it helps a lot with the lightness.
Another great one! thanks for this one. Been looking to get my wife a dash cam.. This makes that decision so much easier! (now I wonder how fast those VIOFOs will sell this week!)
Anyone else go around and try to find the intersection of Peculiar Dr & Main St?
For april fools upload a video about dildos.
I was hoping the Vantrue S1 pro would’ve been in your lineup.  Thank you for this review.  Hope you didn’t get pulled over 😂
Having watched hundreds of YouTube dashcam compilation videos, I would be most trusting of Nexen, Rexing, and Viofo. Those ones always have the best video clarity even after YouTube compression. I got a Viofo A129 a few years ago and it's already saved me at least twice.
I got the Ovaman for my lady for Xmas. Glad to see it didn't do horribly - anything is better than nothing. I have an old DDpai in my Tacoma for a couple years now and have liked it but maybe they went outta business cuz i couldn't get her one like mine.  Great video and loved that you didn't piddlefart around and gave it to us straight no chaser.
I’d like to see a comparison of the higher end dash cams. We have ThinkWare 3000’s installed on both our vehicles. They’re hardwired and the video quality is great.   As always, you do a great job with whatever you review. 👍🏼
Do we make anything in 🇺🇸America 🇺🇸 anymore...
Looks like the Miden was made in Mexico.  Joke aside, it seems like a used DLSR camera is the better option, even though it's big af. Actually, how would cheap DLSR cameras perform, compared to traditional dashcams?
Might as well just say all products made in china 🤦🏼
Viofo has never let me down. Their customer support is the best in the industry. Their latest and greatest models with the Starvis 2 chip are superb. My advice is to NOT overlook the SD card that you choose. You MUST buy a high endurance card that's fast and large, otherwise you're gambling with your video files.
"It performed about 99 cents better" 😂🤣 I'm stealing that line 😂
I think you missed very important feature of accident auto save / deduction and Gps vehicle speed also how they handle heat and cold temperatures because most of dashcams cant  I suggest you do part 2 and maybe include Garmen dashcam  Thank you
Would've loved to see the content include Momento, Drone, Thinkware, Garmin, blackvue instead of all that Chinese stuff I wasn't even gonna look at anyway.
Great test.  Love it when there's a clear winner.  A rather oddball test suggestion.  Flushable wipes.  Just how flushable are they?  Will they break down as needed?
video resolution means nothing if the video bitrate is low.
I know this suggestion doesn't fit your usual review profile, but it would nice to see a review of garden pruners. Do the low cost pruners match the performance of the expensive Felco pruners? Thanks for the videos.
I would love to see powerful flashlights reviews!
Periodically check the SD card videos to make sure it's recording! I had a dashcam that the internal button cell battery died. videos stopped recording for almost a year before I checked the SD card. Even though the rec light was flashing.
Please make a video on the newer mid to high priced dash cams 👍you have left out a substantial amount of better dash cams
Missing Vantrue, BlackVue, Garmin... Lots of no-name brands, but limited on actual brands that have been in the space for a while. You can tell, because you hit VIOFO which did great because they have had years to improve their systems.  Would really recommend you limit the random-letter-Amazon-brands and get more brands that have been around for a few years.
Always the best reviews on the internet.  I’ve been thinking about a dashcam but it’s tough finding a good, fair review of multiple cams. Project Farm answers a lot of questions for me. 👍👍👍👍👍
At this point in the world...  should we just assume EVERYTHING is 'made in China'?   ;) (and then point it out when it's not!) :D
Wow! It's a genius idea!  Thanks for the video.
I've got the Viofo A119 in 2 of my vehicles, bought an A129 for another, and ended up getting a FitcamX for a very stealthy install in another car. So far I'm incredibly happy with all of them
I have the red tiger and its was okay but don't buy it. It will last 2 years then it will burn out to where it will turn on and freeze so if you had an accident it wouldn't get it. Doesn't matter what i did it would freeze the moment it the video started
Awesome comparison 👏 👌 👍.  Best regards from the Dominican Republic 🇩🇴.
Thank you for reviewing these! One thing to be aware of is that it's common for the front camera resolution to drop when the rear camera is used , that touted 4K on the package might not be if the rear camera is connected
I would love to see how your windsheild looked with all of those cameras mounted all at once 🤣
Just what I had asked for.
The sunset one has the same truck turning left on all cameras?
Ive been kinda concerned about data security with dashcams.   I dont love that they have WiFi and who onows what else.   Seems designed to learn about you and whats around you.    Anyone have some suggestions or input?  Thanks!
I'd love to know how much it costs you on average for each of your reviews? Also, what is the average time it takes you from start to finish to create one of these reviews? Inquiring minds want to know!!! Thank you for all of your fantastic and unbiased work!!!💯💯
next time put all the dashcam comparison at the same time to compare the same thing instead of two
The Consumer Reports that we all appreciate.  I hope you're doing well with the ad revenue as it's one of the few channels where I don't mind seeing them as much.
Your loud voice and rapid delivery makes this video unwatchable
This would be quiet an undertaking but a 3d printer episode would be neat. Maybe you could collab with another youtube channel?
Outstanding review PF!  Thank you!
I wonder if Red Tiger/Cool Crazy are shipped out the back door of the same company..
Digital cams are so good these days, it’s so bizarre that no big name company has put out a quality dashcam. I’ve shopped off and on for one. And usually give up with the endless never heard of brands with lots of vague bs marketing.  Your review here is so needed to wade through the sea of options. Thank you. It’s clear which brand makes the best images.
Most of these cameras are inexpensive web cams in various bodies. What separates them is the processing and exposure programs. In low light situations a camera will up the ISO, which makes the exposure better but at the cost of resolution. Better processing can ease the effect, but that processing power comes at a price. The exposure programs can also make a huge difference. For instance, the camera can expose for the brightest object in the frame or it can expose for the average amount of incoming light. The best exposure programs will adjust for the situation but I suspect that these are fixed, and finding balance can be tricky, which is why a lot of them struggled with the gas station sign. The lens on the camera can also affect the quality. While I doubt any of these came with high-end lenses, there are better and worse options for lenses and there are also various coatings that can help with things like glare.   Many of these tests are torture tests, which is absolutely within the idiom of this channel! And these cameras will largely look just fine in full daylight.   Thanks for all your hard work!
If you do this again it would be interesting to also see things like a GoPro or insta360 camera that have loop recording. Whatever the oldest one is that supports it, you could probably pick up used would probably be around the same price as some of these and would be interesting to see the image quality comparison.
Thanks for doing this review
I have a red tiger and i love it
Thank you for the time spent to compile this information,  it will be very useful.  Tell cousin Eddie hello.
Dash cams are mostly good for presenting what happened in an accident & not too good at reading letters/numbers while moving.  Thanks for testing these! I have 3 different cams on 5 vehicles I'm my household, sub $50 units & all basically the same quality.
I'd highly recommend doing another review but with actual expensive high end dashcams. Blackvue, Viofo, DDPAI, etc...
Linus tech tips has a video going into some more of the tech details between some dash cams. I highly recommend that video as well for anyone shopping around
Is it feasible or even practical to run a dash cam like the Viafo in the rear window as well?
I think having a screen on a dash cam is very overrated. Once you get the angle right there's no reason to have to see what the camera sees at all times, plus it blocks some of your actual line of sight.
I was hoping to see my camera from Falcon Electronics. It has amazing video.
Dang it. I was hoping there would be a cheap one that did well. Have you tested windscreen wipers?
Honestly, almost anything is better than nothing. I'm not getting a dashcam to read road signs. I need it to.prove i did not run a red light, was not speeding, and did notcause the accident. Get anything you can afford, then upgrade later.
I wish you would have included the garmin. I use one everyday and I love it. Thank you for reviewing these.
I bought a VIOFO A119 V3 dash cam last year after doing some research. It is the best dash cam model I have used. The other dash cams I tried had fake specifications that use software to upscale low resolution CCDs.
The Viofo was also the best dashcam in a Linus Tech Tips video from years ago. Glad to see they're still the best option!
This was sorely needed.  Any chance if this video does well that you would do another round with higher end units.
I'm not surprised  that viofo leads since a lot of reviewers were singing praises about it. But I have mine 5 years ago. I would like to have a more updated version of viofo and others. Hopefully includes more expensive viofo ones if they are worth it or not.
Great video! Will you also be testing more expensive/top of the line dashcams? Such as the Viofo A329, Vantrue N4 Pro, Blackvue, Garmin, Nextbase, Thinkware etc. Not sure if these are available in the USA though, as I'm from Europe.
PF, I'd like to see a basic cell phone camera running on your dash at the same time as the camera testing to see the comparison.  I'm thinking about that because even though the cameras say X resolution, and fps, I feel like they rarely live up to their claims.
nobody will ever top the reviews  *Vortex Radar*  makes on dashcams and radar detectors.
👍🏻😎I've been running one for 10 years now.  Thanks for the video!
I see so many recommended by various youtubers its hard to know which ones you can trust, which is why I'm really glad you did this comparison.  Keep up the great work!
Thank you , I was just about to order the rove but now I’ll be changing my mind
I have been 35 plus years in the car audio aftermarket world I have installed many dashcams as the old saying goes you get what you pay for one of my favorites is thinkware dash cam they are more money but the performance is outstanding check them out
You shot an amazing video. I wish you life and health to you and your entire family.
Once again you have proven you are he testing person of the year! Thanks for the information, as I am in the market for one. Looks like VIOFO for me.
This is what we need, but if history is any indicator, your number one pick will quickly climb in price on amazon today.
LTT did a good video on this. He showed that most of the dashcam manufacturers are flat out lying about their specs and most of them are all the same sensors inside anyways.
No vantrue?
I would like to get one of these but I know it'll be stolen and I'll have a broken window
Doesn't give me much  confidence in any of them. Apparently there are more brands available since you didn't test my Rexing dashcam.  My Rexing doesn't give me as sharp an image as I would like either. I suppose there is video editing software that can sharpen the images but I haven't looked into that.
Good review, but I think a better test to read signs is license plates in oncoming traffic.  This is because the relative speed is DOUBLE, making it more challenging for the cameras.
It would be nice to know which camera came with a supercapacitor. But thank you regardless!
Y'all never know how bad I was waiting for this video 🥹
Glad to know the Viofo dashcam i bought my girlfriend is very usable even tho she hasnt installed it in 2 years :')
Its worth mentioning that Viofo 119 V3 is pretty OLD model.  There are newer models with next gen sensor: Sony Starvis 2 like  Viofo 129, 139,  229 and 329. They offer less noise in night modes and better dynamic range.    Coolcrazy looks like AI enhanced footage - sharp, but terrible.
I've never heard of any of those brands. I've used  Vantrue and currently have a Blackvue. I was looking into a Garmin.
130$$ lol try over 300
If you have one of these older Viofo dashcams, you should really buy the polarising lens for it. It's only about $10 and will reduce glare. If you want to have front and back you should buy their newer version dashcam like VIOFO A329 2CH. They even offer 3 cam systems with 3CH in the title.
Crazy watching this and knowing where your at in every clip, as this is my hometown and still live here, maybe I will meet you in the community sometime. Awesome review
If you ever do a round 2, another metric to explore would be heat durability. Especially here in the Southwest, dashcams can have issues keeping up in the heat, especially if stuck in the oven that is the space between the windshield and a shade.
At this point, I'm convinced the best route is not to buy a dashcam but to make one from an arduino or RaspberryPi.
where do those dash cams rate next to the Garmin X310
I use a insta360 X2 as dashcam, as I had it lying around. It doesn't handle lighting that well so I made a custom lens cover out of a lens from a pair of sunglasses. Once you have a dashcam only then you realize how many crazy people you encounter on the road daily.
Great review as always. Personally, I would never put one of the off brand Chinese cameras in my car. More and more of these Chinese products are turning out to be surveillance devices with built in security flaws, malware and other security issues. Any device that has wifi, bluetooth, cell service and require an app on your phone to use are a non starter for me. All too easy for the device to "phone home".
Driving around with 11 dashcams is funny to visualize.. 😂🤣 As always GREAT reviews!
I've been looking at dashcams but haven't bought one yet. Reviews on Amazon were not convincing. I believe you have narrowed the selection down. Which was the most user friendly? Thanks for your video.
Too bad the 70mai with 4K Starvis 2 sensor was not tested. It also offers incredible AI technology not seen in other cameras. Way more expensive than anything seen in this video comparison.
Surprised name brand cameras are included. I was hoping to see Thinkware x series. I always use them.
I'm surprised Garmin wasn't tested, they're a pretty notable brand.
Ah I wanted to see how ridiculous your truck looked from the outside with all the dashcams in the windshield at once 😞
It’s really pointless to give the prices since there is such a disparity of features and included equipment between each camera. I like your testing procedures but I think it would have been better if you set a baseline equipment level if you’re going to include the price. Something like 2 channel, 64gb SD, parking mode as a minimum. That way you can show a more accurate cost comparison between each brand. Otherwise though a really informative video. Well done!
Pretty much none of these look close to 4k. The upscaling artifacts make the washed out images even worse. The Viofo seems to be the most honest with its claims.
👍👍👍
I hope you pulled all the packaging lens protectors off from before you tested these cameras
If you get hit, read the license plate out loud in case your dashcam video doesn't catch it (hopefully your audio will!).
Vifo is what I have it's great but I think the model he has is an older one cause mine looks better.
This is fantastic! Would love to see how these compete against the big name brands as well. Also, would love to sees how the brand I currently use (VanTrue) holds up.
love this test, but a little sad you didn't include any more reputable "name brand" dash cams besides Viofo.. i.e. Vantrue, BlackVue. Brands who often use legit quality Sony sensors (some cheaper ones i suspect use counterfeit or not at all), and actually record at 4K resolutions, unlike non-name off brands than simply upscale lower resolutions to 4K so they can claim they are 4k on the packaging
Once again you knocked it out of the park. I had a feeling the viofo would be high since I've been watching which dash cam to buy for a year now.  FOMO-itus making me not buy :(
Here
Thanks for the great review. I want to finally confirm my suspicion about Wolfbox and Viofo.  The reason I went with Wolfbox is because they offer a Mirror Dash Cam. It's much more convenient to use a mirror style dash cam than a regular one. I can see behind me with a wide view that allows me to see my blind spot.  Over the last 5 years, I have used three different Wolfbox mirror dash cams on three of my cars and I like them all. My latest one is a G840s with an updated backup cam that allows me to see better at night without the glare from the car's headlight behind me.  If Viofo ever offered a mirror model, I would switch but it would cost like 2 or 3 times more.  For people that do not own any dash cam, you should get one, even at the mid-quality in this list. It will save you a lot of headaches when you actually get an accident. It saved me twice  already, my insurance just needed the video clip and determined that I was not at fault.
Great video! I need a dashcam, now I just don’t need to research which is best. You’re the goat 🐐!
Thank you. That's a lot of work you've done there Sir! As always love you videos
I’ve had the VIOFO front and rear camera for about a year now and it’s definitely worth the money! The parking mode is really nice as well when you get the hardwire kit! Great video overall glad I made the right choice!
Fred tiger f77 4k front rear best I've had
Dashcams are a must for all cars and really should just be integrated into all cars now since basically every modern car has at least 1 front facing and 1 rear facing camera. I’ve been involved in 2 crashes where other people ran into me and, in both cases, the dash cam was super helpful since both drivers tried to lie because they were at fault. I’ve had a Viofo in the past and really liked it, except that it beeped a lot. Both my primary cars now have built-in dash cams, but if one of my secondary cars needs to get put into service, I’ll be buying a Viofo for it. It makes sense to spend some money on this, not just get the cheapest crap, because when you need it, the cheap ones will let you down and potentially get you stuck with an expensive insurance deductible or out-of-pocket vehicle collision repair.
I had a Voifo A119S similar to what PF tested here. After several months its power connections began to fail and eventually rendered it useless. It’s now relegated to my junk drawer.  It has been a common problem with Voifo, & all the cleaning and rubbing in the world of electrical contacts as suggested by Voifo does absolutely nothing to fix a poor design.  There are 4 spring loaded tiny pins that need to make contact in the mount, and this is where the problem lies.  Even though it might produce a nice picture, it won’t fix a terrible design. I wasted good money on it and I’d advise avoiding this brand as they did nothing to fix the problem.  Never again.
ive had the viofo since 2020. thing has saved me on 3 separate occasions with debris on the freeway. even USAA was surprised by the footage
Sheesh... the Chinese sure love playing scrabble with these brand names.  Suggestion -  Please test some "Mirror Dash Cams".  I think the $200-$300 segment of these cams will provide superior results.
We asked for a dash cam test on of the last few videos and he delivered! Great video, just a little sad that 70mai wasn't tested with their starvis 2 sensor
Thank you for your hard work!
Hey Todd, thanks for your unbiased testing. Could you do another tape measure round up? There's been quite a few new ones on the block, and it'd be great to see you put them to the test.
I went with the Cobra 400 something. You definitely get what you pay for, but for a starter camera...I'd put the cams from this video in my kids' cars until they start paying for license tabs, registration, insurance...
Hurry up and buy a dashcam. The sellers are going to jack up the price after seeing a surge in demand from PF viewers.
how about something not from China
Thank you.
I watch a ton of dashcam videos. One of the most common ones I see is Garmin. I can't believe you didn't include one in testing.
Good info‼️
A forward-facing only camera seems problematic.  We need one with a 4k front and year option.
Important to note that the Viofo camera line has LOTS of models. Many of them come with rear camera and rear+internal camera's. It's just that one model you chose ion that price range doesn't have those features.
as for a suggestion, How about surge protectors? there are so many out there and no one really knows if any of them are actually worth buying. I would do the top 5 according to google and then add the top 10 from Amazon that are not in the top 5 from google. maybe 5 from walmart.
Thanks!
I got a camera from work that was supposed to go on top of a hospital to view traffic around the 2 mile line of sight.  Its an 8 mega pixel, 5 camera bubble.  They said to toss it in the trash because the heater inside didnt work..  i tried putting it in my car as a dash cam because its got stabilization and some other cool features.  It worked great but it was the size of my head and got in the way but could see as far ahead as you wanted.. lol
3 months. Just 3 months earlier and I'd have the dash cam I now want.
It really does look this bad 🤣
This is pretty much the only channel I trust for unbiased reviews. Looking forward to the new dashcam!
I wish you had brought in some of the major manufacturers and not just the Amazon cams. There are loads sold at retailers like Best Buy that would have been great to see. They all start at $100 and go up quickly.
When I drove truck I put three cameras on my windshield because having ones on the side turned out a slight angle makes a huge difference in getting license plate numbers! I also run SIX cameras in my 4 Runner because they are cheap and you can never have enough chance at getting evidence when a crime is committed against you!!!  in addition to all of those cameras I keep additional SD cards because you never want to trust the camera not to overwrite a file that you need for evidence. On top of all of that I also carry TWO spare cameras with me at all times (my older ones)!!!!   There's absolutely no reason to not protect yourself for the low-cost nowadays and you're either going to do it or the day is going to come when you wish you did 🤔. Another thing to keep in mind that most people are aware of that have experience with dash cams is that you should always format the SD card at least once a week to prevent them from getting glitches or if you drive a lot on a daily basis maybe every three days even many of the manufacturers are recommending that nowadays because it's a major problem.
Great video. Vortex Radar did a test like this too, and viofo came out in the top dashcams. He did mention lots of cameras claim to have 4k sensors, but were fake. Your test exposed the fakes.
Summerskill? That’s a Peculiar name.
no Garmin? it's one of the most popular brands on the market. Not even a Nextbase.  I hope you do this again with more options and include some of the more popular ones. :)
Sometimes your compression has odd volume swells/dips between clips. LMK if I can help with this at all, I know a lot about audio engineering and compression.
great as alwasy.
Why just the China specials and no name brands?
Viofo customer service is trash. Had/have their 3 channel and it was excellent until a firmware update. Hasn't worked properly since and customer service is no help at all. They say it's the SD card. If I purchase a new SD card every time it's full it works properly, but that's unrealistic.
Great video. Can you do a rear facing cam showdown? Or would it just be get the same cam both times?  Thanks.
Thanks!
I have the REDTIGER Dashcam, and I purchased it on sale at Amazon for 65 dollars. It works great, and it helped me with a hit-and-run on the day after I bought it. The Project Farm guy must have not known that REDTIGER will send you a free hardwire kit with proof of purchase that also records a hit if the vehicle is shut off. You also have a choice of a glass-mounted inside rearview camera or a waterproof tag-mounted one. I chose the inside rearview so it stays clean, and it’s at a higher level for capturing a larger field of view.
Thank you for coming out with this video so quick. I bought the red tiger before seeing your video and about to go on a long trip to the keys. I do have 30 days to return it, so I'll see how it does. Thank you again for your reviews. You're the best!
I'm glad to see the VIOFO that I finally found to be decent after trying 6 or so different brands over the years is doing so well
I personally bought the VIOFO after LTT did simular testing. The most shocking thing is generally these cameras are using the same CMOS when there are more advanced sensors available. So the more expensive cameras litterally charge for the added features only like cloud storage and backup.
Viofo does offer dash cams with rear cameras as well, but for an added cost. You will just need to search for them on the internet.
Should state the viofo tested is nowhere near the best they offer. And some options include 2 and 3 channel recordings. All in all a very good test and 100% in line with every other one I've seen.
This video is likely to become one of your most watched/popular videos of all time
Wow. Don’t like either of them my wife has a x4s_Vantrue-07d4 and I use a high end Nextbase and have the best quality I’ve never has issues with number plates
Basically, all of those except the ted tiger and viofo are generic trash cameras.  You can't get a quality dashcam for under $100. That should have been the starting point, up to maybe $200.
the VIAFO model you got is at least 5 years old and is their bottom line camera now. they have very good 4k models now
So there are a lot of other dash cams out there will you do some of the other ones in another video?
I'd like to see a review on using TVs as a computer monitor.
I love your videos, but for some reason your voice was much higher pitch than normal. Found it annoying. Like someone kicked you in the groin. I hope you are OK
I would love to see a comparison for endoscopes and/or usb microscopes.
Hello Sir Another Awesome video Thank you. Can you do a video on Fire rated or Fire proof bags to store valuables. I think with all the fires it would be a great video to help people benefit from keeping their valuables safe
Honestly, Project Farm is the ONLY reviewer that I trust.
Purchased a dashcam several years ago, caught an accident on camera at night, could barely make out anything due to the lights. Purchased a Viofo a couple years ago thanks to Linus Tech Tips, and have been pleased. Good to see Project Farm also suggests the Viofo.
I wish I would've waited until this video came out to buy a dash cam. I would've definitely bought the Viofo.
I've been running a Viofo for years now & have this model in the work truck right now. I'm definitely a fan of the brand. Thanks yet another great review. They have multiple models with additional cameras, including a three camera model that I'm thinking about getting for the wife.
Miden should just cease operations 😂
I have a VIOFO, def worth it, just wish the app was a bit better. Otherwise I would buy again for sure
I'm looking for stuff that supposedly have good performance during night time and I'm hoping you eventually do reviews of STARVIS 2 cameras. Viofo has sets with 2 cameras and they have dual 1440p and 4K+1440p rear. I'm wondering if front 4k is really worth it for the difference in price.
LinusTechTips needs to watch out! ProjectFarm is doing tech reviews now!
East or west #70mai A800s 4k is best
Sorry about your thumb.
I went with the VIOFO A229 Pro 3 Channel 4K and I am very satisfied with its performance!
I have the Viofo and it really is the best for the money.
I have the viofo a229 pro, it was a pain in the ass as it gets overheat frequently in the summer.
Through this video you sounded like an announcer in a horse race during the signs at sunset. The Viofo is rated very good according to the reviews.
I've been hesitant to buy a dash cam for a while now. I want one, but I wanted to make sure I was getting a good one without spending a ton of money. Looks like the Viofo is easily the best choice and for only $114. Great videos as always!
I've been waiting for this video for a long, long time.
Excellent timing, i been looking for one but couldn't trust the reviews
GPS' only use would be speed tracking, but if you are using it for a court case easy enough to know the fps and go back to the spot and measure the distance between 2 things then math tells your speed instead of relying on another speed number. I know in my car the needle, dash display number, and built in gps give you 2 or 3 different speeds.  Sadly for me the VIOOFO would be the winner just based on clarity, if it isn't any use until the person is about to hit you (or to tell that you rear ended them). Half the use would be for catching something you are a witness to not just involved in. My priorities would be Clarity, ability to flag part of the recording to not overwrite and be easy to find on the card, battery life; after that not sure what I would want that wouldn't just be reducing battery life or requiring a power cord hanging off it.
My car (Tesla) has a dashcam/rear/side cameras, thus i watched your review just out of interest. I've always enjoyed your videos and enjoy how thorough and unbiased, you always seem to be.  Keep up the good work!!!!
1:20 just saw usb mini. 1996, is that you?
15:18 😂😂 I'm dying! "Costs $8 more and is performing about 99 cents better." What a great line! Todd, I hope it's ok if i use that line from now on about cheap junk!?
the best dashcam i bought was from garmin, it has gps, and a camera in it with recording aspect. think it was called garmin drivesense.
Thank you!!!
Looks like another one, Commander and I guess we need one but I still have a Sony that uses FLOPPY's and have forgotten how to download it. Silly me. Hope yall came through the last storm allright. Power was off for 1/2 a day and 2 people died when a tree fell on their house. March bells are blooming as well as lillies and maples.  God Bless ALL Yall!
I have been using the Viofo A129 Pro two channel cameras in my vehicles for several years.  The front camera is a 4K at 30 fps with a 1080p HD camera in the rear.  I am contemplating upgrading to the Viofo A329 two channel with the front 4K at 60 fps and a 2K rear camera.  No matter what you can't go wrong with a Viofo camera in my humble opinion.
Pls continue with your unbiased tests, they are awesome.
The Miden night footage looks like a home video from 1995.
I ordered a VIOFO A229 Plus Dash Cam almost a year ago and have been really pleased with it. It's newer, has a better image sensor then the one in this video and it comes with a rear 1440p camera. I got rear-ended in my new car and also witnessed a wreck that it caught footage of which I was able to easily provide to insurance/authorities. It's also held up to the Texas heat, for those who may be worried.
Dash cam market seems completely different here in the UK which is surprising considering they are all made in the far east. My dash cam cost less than 20$ and.seems to do all that I need.
😂😅😮 15:18. $0.99
My biggest issue with dashcams is how they don’t last very long in the South because of the hot temperatures that our cars get to in the summer. My wife and I were witnesses to a kidnapping while sitting in our car and when the police went to grab my dash cam footage, the dang thing was just recording on a 30 second loop. Recording over the exact same sectors over and over again. The SD card checked out fine after the fact and the camera itself was to blame as we tested it with a fresh card. Sadly, they never recovered the victim.
Great video thx
It sounded like most if not all were made in China 😳 Why has America lost its competitive edge, and become more a consumer nation? Will it get worse with the younger generation preferring youtube channels vs innovating?  No offense, Project Farm.  We definitely need channels like yours.  Your channel is deserving of far more subscribers!
Micro SD extreme or harsh environments are always overlooked.   The dashboard will get really hot/cold and cheap sd cards can glitch out after a year or so of use.   Don't cheap out on viofo dashcam and a good sd card
Amazing resource. I don't believe this sort of information is available anywhere else.
I bet if you tested 10 of the exact same dashcams, they would all be different in every category.
GREAT, I JUST BOUGHT A ROVE-R2 🙄🙄🙄🙄
15:17 “costs $3 more and performs 99¢ better” 😂  A reliable reviewer, a working man, and a comedian. What can’t this guy do?
Nice video!  I would like to see a comparison test of front/rear "dashcams" for motorcycles.
Bought my Viofo A119 v3 in 2022. Make sure you update the firmware. Opened up 4K video. Fantastic camera all around.
The one thing I've never understood about dashcams is what happens if something happens to the sides or back of your car? It's almost like you really would need one of these facing every direction for it to make sense. You're sort of just gambling that whatever happens will happen right in front of you to be caught on cam. I guess it's better than nothing, but I still feel like they have a ways to go.
1080p is MORE than enough.  It's the quality of the CCD and lenses that matters.  I would take a high quality 1080p over a poor quality "4k" camera any day of the week.
This is an extremely helpful video
Hello from wild Russia, we have, as you can see from the videos, it is very common to put video recorders .... and if you do more tests, try to add 70mai brand there.
For the Miden, maybe it looks like that cause the "Hollywood portrayal of Mexico" mode was enabled?
fantastic
Hi Todd, since you brought up the idea of cameras. How about backup cameras for trucks, cars and such. I most newer vehicles have them, but older ones don't, and semi trucks don't either unless they are newer as well. And even so, some of the factory ones are not very good either. My 2018 Suburban backup camera is good in the daytime, but sucks big time with shadows and at night.  Backing up to a trailer tongue with the sun in front, the shadow behind the truck makes it hard to see to align up. Thank you again for all you do and the work and money you spend in doing everything.🥰
Dash cams are an absolute must. My wife and I have been in four driving incidents and in all four cases we were completely exonerated for having any fault and in all four cases the other parties insurance paid 100% of the damage to our vehicles all because of the video. In one incident (road rage by the other party) having the audio and front and rear cameras proved our case in a civil proceeding that was more than just damage to our car. Rear cameras can help with context in an incident so I wouldn't own a car without them. Just a couple of weeks ago we provided our front and rear camera footage in a hit-and-run that my wife and our cameras witnessed. We had a BlackVue 900X in one incident and a Vantrue 3 and 4 channel in the others. All provided sufficient resolution for driver and license plate identification although all incidents were during the day.
I have the Red Tiger. thanks for showing this. I have yet to install it since I need to pull the dash board and headliners off to completely hide the cables to make a clean look and its just been too cold here.
Thank you. Could you run the same on the higher end (at least more expensive) dash cams like Garmin, Escort, etc? Can’t you set up a Go-pro to do a similar task? I know from experience Go-pro imagery far exceeds any of these.
That $22 dash cam saved my ass in a wreck. An old man pulled out in front of me while I had the right of way, causing me to rear-end him. He claimed I was speeding, that he had the right of way, and threatened to get his lawyer wife involved. He even had her write a letter to the insurance company.  All it took was showing the video to prove how very wrong he was. I upgraded cameras after that wreck
Why no bigger name brands like Garmin?  Curious if they are worth the extra money. But they do have options around the $150 price point I think.
BlackVue is the best camera you can buy!  Take Care -Todd
Another great review. Thank you. A dash cam is a must have in today's liability crazy world.
Hell yeah! Appreciate the video ❤
Great comparison, Todd. Thanks for sharing with us.
The dash cam market is full of weird sketchy companies.  The only one that seems to be consistent which is Viofo.
Thank you for doing these tests.   It really goes to show that--just like in digital still and video cameras--image resolution isn't the be all end all in determining which model is "best".    Some of those 4K offerings have heavy image compression and/or struggle with high dynamic scenes (bright sun and shadows or bright sign at night).   I suspect some of those lower end models are likely upscaling a lower resolution to 4K.    It's also interesting to see the differences in digital sharpening and noise reduction that was applied across all those models you tested.   Some were more aggressive in their application than others.      I ended up going with an Alpine dual camera model that's a rebranded Thinkware and it is 1080p in front and 720p in back.     One thing that's difficult to test for is how reliable and durable these dash cam systems are.    They get very hot under use and depending on where you live in the world, will bake in the sun all day.    Extreme heat is not electronics' best friend.    Lastly, I'm of the mind that having any dash cam is better than none at all.
Dashcams seem to have had no advancement in quality in the last 15 years
The best thing is that Use an old phone with an app that allows you to record video when accidents occur Much cheaper and better than the best camera
When the cam car is at speed, you cant read license plates. Even with the commercial cams we run on the busses. The problem with all of the cameras is the fixed focus lens.  In other words, they can tell you what happened, but dont count on being able to read plates and signs when sh*t happens.
I've been waiting for this one for awhile. Thank you Todd!
Would love to see you test connector pliers, and see which varying types is most effective at dealing with the most connector designs in tight spaces
YES! FINALLY! What a good test!!!
So "Riden with Miden" sucks.  No surprise really.
I always think you have covered the most important things, but this is another fantastic addition to your library of amazing videos.
LTT did a video about how basically all the guts on these are made by the same company and the only difference is the software each company puts on them to process the video
Price and quality is what you look for when you want to buy a camera. The higher price the better quality you will get also. Blackview and 70mai is even more expensiv but the quality is also better that what we see here. But no matter what camera you buy it is always better than no camera at all. And for inscurance claims they dont care so much about the quality as long as they can see what is going on. With or without gps is also sometimes a queation. But really i dont think its that importent as they can count the frames and calculater your speed if the really want to no mattet what. So unless you want to save where you been driving i dont think its a must to have. Google maps is just as good for that as a camera.
3:56 10,000/ month is crazy numbers. Like unreal.  People can't be buying that many of one camera. Maybe Amazon lies abput these numbers.
It’s so cool seeing a major Youtuber show areas around town I recognize 😂
Have you looked into options to record while the car is parked on any of the cameras?
9:04 Why does he keep drinking by is what his neighbors are thinking. 😅😂
Did you "forget" to take off the lens sticker or are these actually this bad? Edit: 8:13 *cough*
Viofo it is!
Another great test. 👍 Thanks for the video.
Very good review I've been trying to figure out witch one is better Thanks
That Miden one has the Mexico filter from BB
Awesome video, do more dashcams.
I have a Redtiger, even though like everything we have is made in China and the quality can be questionable at times, it's a good camera.   I suggest everyone get a camera that has forward, cab, and rear video.
usually love the videos, but I didn't recognize a single brand.. how about some of the name brands?
Great reviews! Looked like a fair comparison. Viofo for the win. Thanks for sharing!
I have a Viofo A129 plus duo in both of my cars, it uses the same sensor as the A119 but also has the rear cam. I've been really happy with how its performed.
Linus Tech Tips have a video a few years ago explain why most dashcams have poor results. They all use the same sensor in their dashcams. There weren't many options to be chosen, but Viofo uses the newer gen of the sensor. Thus gives the best result compared to the others.
Most dashcams use old components, old firmware. They just hobble it together enough to send it to market.  You would almost do better building a DIY one.
I DASH CAM TO RULE THEM ALL
You forgot to test image distortion in the hydraulic press. Very disappointed.
No you have to compare the different viofo models!
I got a video idea: BEST ELECTRIC KETTLE!
Always nice to see these. Would have like some more well known brands involved in the mix though.
I kinda wish you had a few name brand options on this list, I have a Garmin 67W and I love all the features and overall quality.
I have the Viofo V119 Mini2 and it's great.  It has the same specs as the one you tested and even looks the same.  I also have a Garmin Mini2 and that one is great and SO SMALL!  Great job with the testing.  That Starvis sensor was a game changer for these.
Watching 👀 from Yosemite Kentucky.  Just a great video!  I am very informed now on which product I desire to buy.  I'm taking your advice and will purchase two cameras.  Thanks for comparing these dash cameras.  😊
Can you do a price comparison when it comes to scrapping auto parts?  I've been told scrap yards pay out more $ if a whole component was broken down and separated into each different metals  Versus if the whole component was scrapped whole.  I just took 2 identical manual transmissions in and only got $15 each for them and they were in 1 piece. I'm wondering how much more $ I could have gotten had I taken the time to separate the aluminium and steel.  Would my time have been worth the effort?
I've had a Viofo A119 stuck to my windshield since October 2016. It's endured numerous 110+ degree days parked in the sun and still works like a champ. Take that as a testament to its build quality and longevity.
Thank you very much for another very helpful video!  You are of great service to the consuming public.   Viofo has been the best budget model for awhile.  The newer ones with the Sony Starvis 2 sensor are the best yet. The sensor is what really matters for image quality whether it's a $150 dashcam or a $400 dashcam.  The rest is just matter of bells and whistles.
I think you need to do another review of higher quality and more expensive dash cams. Most of these dash cams that you presented are low budget brands. The only one I recognized was the VIOFO. Most people spend at least $200 to get a good dash cam
i found a lot of camera's aren't necessarily used for seeing text but for showing liability. i've found saying a licensee plate number out loud as a great rule regardless
Well done. Clear to see the drastic differences in image quality. Nowadays most with a Starvis2 sensor. I can recommend a 70mai A510 front+rear set
Never heard of any of these brands. There has to be something better. How long these products last is another question.
Garmin makes really solid cameras. My oldest is 8 years old. Still works great.   I've had 3 different ones across 3 different vehicles.   Saved me in one accident for who was at fault and another time got the plate of a passing car that smashed my mirror.
I would love another one of these, in this format, with more premium/enthusiast brands and their midrange to higher-end offerings: ThinkWare, BlackVue, Garmin, and of course VIOFO. If were to assemble a lineup it might be:  Garmin Dash Cam Mini 3 ~$130 Thinkware Q200 2-Channel ~$170 VIOFO A129 Plus Duo ~$180 BlackVue DR590X ~$200 VanTrue N4 ~$200 VIOFO A229 Pro Duo ~$300 Garmin Dash Cam X310 ~$370 Thinkware U3000 Dual-Channel ~$480  Most of these have 2Ch offerings while others don't, it would be cool to also see a rear camera comparison between those that do. For others, please reply if there are some obvious top contenders that I'm omitting.
Ive had good luck with thinkware & garmin cameras and their apps are both decent apps
Oh the poor clutch during the tests
How about specifically aftermarket rear facing cameras please.  I'm old and so is my van.
Could you please test some more expensive higher end dashcams. There are way better – cams on the market than the ones you've reviewed. That being said, you always do an amazing job with your reviews and tests. Thank you for all the hard work you put in.
Semi truck driver here, I found redtiger about a year ago on amazon. In my 110K mile experience in the past year. It has performed well! I keep it on 24/7 and it has not stopped working. Im not sure in this testing if 4K was selected in the settings but I turned it on in my case. The negatives I would say personally is the suction cup and download speeds from app to phone. In the past year I had it fall about 3 times. Also I needed to download multiple videos which takes about 1-2 minutes. If the other top 2 brands offer faster download speeds I would go with that, hope my comment helps!
Windshield sun shades PLEASE!
Viofo is about to sell out
Missing Xiaomi!!!
I purchased the Viofo dash camera after watching a video from LTT that gave in-depth information about its sensors. I bought mine for around $80, and if you wait for a sale, it can be an even better deal.  For example, the quality of the footage is impressive. I captured a video of a Bald Eagle flying across the road, and I wasn't sure if it was a Bald Eagle until I reviewed the video, which confirmed it was a Bald Eagle.
I always look forward to your reviews ,they definitely help me make  a better decision on what I'm spending my money on
Oh great, you’ve taken care of the 20th century so now how about moving into the 21st-century and doing the cameras with 8K video? Thank you , thank you very much.
Been looking into dash cameras myself, and it seemed that your reviews on cameras came in about the same time. What are your thoughts on doing a review of rearview mirror style cameras that take place of your rearview mirror with both front and rear cameras? Trucks with canopy's/camper or anything with obscured vision could possibly benefit from this type of camera
stick to powertools. these things are constantly re-branded.
ty nice and helpful content.
The guy in the red house is wondering how many times is this guy going to drive by my house?
I run 2 garmin mini 2's on my car. 1 on the front, 1 on the rear. I love that it's small enough to mount behind my rearview mirror, so it doesn't block my vision at all.
Why no Xiaomi Dash cameras (70mai ) are not included in the test ?  They are relativly cheap and work ok-is....
Garmin?
Blackvue makes the best dash cams
This is a great topic. I had been considering the Viofo. Looks like a reasonable option.
I feel like there should be 1 or two brand name cameras in the comparison. I personally wouldn't order any amazon-random-named brand but would buy a brand name.
I’m honestly surprised you didn’t put a Garmin camera in the mix. Maybe the Mini model.
You great with the recommendations
I suggest testing the VIOFO A229 Pro, it uses the Sony STARVIS 2 sensor in 4k. While able to record 3-channel (front, rear, inside) if you only record front and rear you get the highest bitrate (cleanest image with movement / low light)
I LOVED this review, Todd. Thanks so much. I've been using the Viofo v3 for a few years and while not perfect, it's pretty good. I've found that they last about two years and then just stop working - they're fairly cheap though and I just buy another whenever they fail.
Nicely
suggestion: Security cameras. Best for seeing details since we need to identify the perps.
The difference I see between the top 3 are the Coolcrazy and RedTiger both hang down and have a screw/swivel which if not tighten will bounce/move but I think you can turn them to the side if needed or get bumped around while the Viofo attaches to the windshield directly and does not have a screw swivel to to move/bounce or get bumped around but you can't turn it to the side if needed.  Also I did not see whether any of them would do better and not over heat in the summer sun when it gets hot outside which could cause them to shut down.  Of course I know you can't do all the tests.    Thanks for this test.
Y'all don't understand how much testing Todd has done! Especially going everyday before sunset with each camera now that is just what I call rigously testing thank you Todd!
How about the rexing brand?
We only buy Canadian here 😂
I've had multiple dash cams cook off in the West Texas heat.  I found the Rexing brand that uses a super capacitor instead of a lithium battery and it has lasted years.  Image quality and app are also good.  Downloading clips you need can be a pain though.
I have the Viofo model with a rear camera and it was ranked the best by several other channels - plus it has parking capture - Great Buy - you get what you pay for!
I've been using the flagship VIOFO for about a year now and it has performed flawlessly. I was using the flagship Garmin but the Garmin app is terrible.
Great Video, Thank You Todd.👍🇺🇸
Thank you so much this is a awesome video
A bandaid??? Where’s your electrical tape?
What models of both the viofo and red tiger there are multiple price points on both. Thanks.
Just in time for spring motorbiking. Do any or all of those cameras work for a motorcycle, wondering about vibration and water resistance.
Nextgear makes the best video Cam for vehicles!
Okay, I have finished the full vid.  Let me just say, I work in video restoration professionally.  I can tell you without a shadow of a doubt, just about all of these cameras are lying about their resolution except for the Viofo.  I can easily see AI compression in just about every video except the Viofo.  I do not own a dashcam as both my vehicles already have cameras loaded in them. (No not Teslers either).  I own a Chevy and a Ford.  I wouldn't touch any of these cameras to be honest, but the Viofo if I had to pick from this list would be the only choice.   It's really too bad that there are a ton of these nasty money wasters out there.  The security camera business is flooded with them as well.  Maybe hit those up next?
Any options for cams wothout a screen? Rathernhave a smaller footprint and pull videos vs watching them on the screen
Man.. i came across your channel years ago and have been a staple for reviews for  purchasing tools/equipment (engine oil, batteries etc). unbiased, crisp and to the point. a BIG thank you for doing what you do.
Great job, keep it up!
Like always, awsome video. If you ever do another dashcam shoot out can you try a Blackvue dash cam and an Azdome camera?
Mirroring other comments, I have Viofo A129, and I've had good luck with it. Camera quality is pretty good for the price.  As with any part of your car, it requires maintenance. All I mean is check the SD card and make sure it's not full, as well as make sure it's still recording like you expect it to. Nothing worse than needing the video and you find out it stopped recording weeks ago.
Only bad thing is different times of day will make cams react worse. Makes me wonder if some would do better earlier in the day, not as close to sunset. Still, excellent work.
I have the Viofo cameras in my cars. Have been very impressed with the overall performance vs the price of this dashcam.
I've seen Linus Tech Tips do a comparison video on these and yours is definitely more "real world" testing. Thanks.
I'm really happy for this review as I've been thinking about dash cams for awhile.  Also, I think PF is well on his way to some nice shots for a found-footage style horror film.  "Summerskill" could even be a title.
Thank you  i was looking for one❤
Idea for video: Toilet brand comparison. Toto vs. Kohler vs ???
Whenever this guy says “Very impressive!” I know which one ima buy 😭
Thanks for that video! I never expected this one. I will use this when I install a new dashcam as the old one is not as good as your top tested dash cams.
Exellent useful content
Thank you sir.
Thanks so much for testing these!
Thank you for another wonderful test. I've been using an Akaso action camera for several years and the Viofo comes close to the performance of it while costing about $40 less. Will definitely look into it should I need another dash cam.
I've considered a dash cam for quite a while but couldn't find a good source of performance information on them.  Thank you very much.
Can you do whole house butter filtration system?
We love ProjectFarm!
I have the red tiger and love it. I think having a rear camera is important as I’ve watched too many dash cam videos on YouTube to where somebody hit you in the rear and then claimed you backed up into them. Thanks for the review. Great job.
Vifo does offer a package with a rear camera and, FWIW, they also sell a polarized lens for combating glare, such as driving into the sun.
99¢ better 😂🤣😂🤣
No thinkware models?
I have been using VIofo-A119{-mini2 now} Series for over 12 years, because they don't have a Battery, which is No good in the South West{the Heat will cause the battery to expand killing the camera, Interior Heat runs about 140-150F, When parked}, Also this brand Clarity has always kept up and can read License Plates with No Problem{Also always Use a Polarizer when available, to kill the Windshield Reflections & the Sun Harshness} also add +1 or 2 Aperture.  On the Mini2, I'm using the 60FPS mode. also I like the Idea of telling the camera to "Take Photo", to catch a Plate of an IDIOT driver! I use my Older A119s-V3, as a rear camera..(Still have my original A119, Bought in 2013)....
i wish all cars would come with tesla cams
Bro, the Rove R2-4K is garbage. It doesn't consistently read or write from SD Cards, causing it to refuse to record sometimes, and it will say "SD card is too slow" sometimes. Contrary to the advertising, it doesn't have 4K, it's 2160p tall but it's not 4K wide. I have hated it since I got it.
I asked for this not so long ago. didn’t expect this to come out this fast. thanks for the amazing video!
Can you test body cams?
I started a daily 2ish hour total commute. Great idea!
I see project farm I click 🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡
We just bought a used van without cameras.  I NEED cameras.  I'm old enough to appreciate this info.  Thank you good sir.
I would have loved to see some footage of the front of your test vehicle, showing all of the dash cams crammed into the windshield for your simultaneous testing - I bet that looked impressive!  You don't need to convince me of the value of a dash cam - I have had one for years.  I decided to go high end with my most recent purchase (Nextbase 622GW, $400 MSRP, I paid $300).
I guess some of the cameras also have a bit too much video compression going on also. So even if the image sensor would be ok, the result would be bad from the compression. Interesting test anyway, I have a garmin, but would like one more cam, so the Viofo looks like a good buy!
thanks, im thinking of getting one
Thank you so much for this! It’s so hard finding honest, unbiased, non sponsored reviews of dash cams, so when this popped up in my YouTube feed I watched it immediately!   I would love to see another video with the more expensive brands!  Well done!
Ive been using a viofo A129 Pro for almost 5 years now. Still excellent and has saved me a couple times
Thanks "Todd" for another great Sunday review ✌️
I've had a dashcam for a while, and now im looking forward to upgrading
I have various viofo cams in all of my cars since everything else I tried over the years couldn't handle anything except perfect lighting (get the circular polarized lenses). Also you can get them with rear camera's that stick to your rear windshield.
Project Farm is one of the best review channels, always doing real world tests on all products!
Thanks for making this video! Hugely helpful!!!
dude i think i was one of the people to suggest this  thanks you so much!  youre by far the best and most reliable youtube product reviewer
This was very informative. I would like to see the same test with more expensive brands.
I am imagining what the other driver's think when they see a car with 12 dashcams coming towards them! 😂
Thank you so much. Very good video. My dash cam just failed and was looking for a good replacement. Thank You again for your honest review!!
Thank you for doing this video. I've actually been thinking about getting a dash cam. Great timing! Very impressive! Lol
I am still waiting for  best Sump Pump…Spring is coming!
If you would have tested the Xiaomi A810 it would have been better than the Viofo. I have 11 dashcams in one car and 10 in another (different brands). My main camera in both is the Xiaomi A800s (previous model) and the Xiaomi M300. Not all. Cameras are Xiaomi, for redundancy I also use some cheap cameras from aliexpress and as you said some cameras are double and triple (that ia how I got to 11 and 10)....I had a bad event, big corruption (in my country) a turned off dashcam saved me (lied that it worked). From then I sweared I wouldn't have an event without it beeing captured by many cameras in many angles.
🖖
Id like to see vacuum seal storage bags, for clothes or bedding etc...
I ended up buying a VIOFO after watching a bunch of dashcam videos.  The viofo videos always looked a lot more clear
I baught the A119 from advice on another channel, seeing this makes me feel good. Thank you 😊
Todd:  Good video, but you picked a Peculiar place to do your road testing.
This video was very informative & useful. When I get ready to buy a dash cam . I can make a informative decision
What's the best video rear view mirror
Great review.  I really appreciate the work put into all your videos.
I recommend anyone to get a dashcam that has sony starvis censor. They seem to hold up pretty well.
Let’s make sure we give credit to Vortex Radar!!
This is why we have to adjust our clocks twice a year. Daylight savings time? No! This Warlock is controlling the sun to take sunset videos!
As having owned more than a couple of dash cams, I can honestly say these type of videos do help. I've thrown away more cameras than I care to admit. Viofo is a good choice but different models have different results. Perhaps now that you have declared Viofo the winner may be you could compare their various models and determine best bang for the buck from them.
I’ve been thinking of getting one thanks for sharing
garmin make some awesome dash cam, also i wonder how a GoPro would stack up
As always I appreciate the hard word that goes into testing products! The only thing I wish would have been on here is testing the parking recording function on the cameras that offer it. We've had several incidents at work with a colleague's car being the victim of a hit and run in the parking lot and we have been talking about getting a dash cam with a park recording feature.
I finally pulled the trigger 6 months ago and bought the Rove.\, and now you put this up. This would have helped me pick one and im sending this link to a friend who is thinking about buying one. Thanks
I've had my YI dashcam for 8 years, still works great.
Just started the video and it's going be the Viofo, especially if you catch them when they do the 20-30% off special for a week.  I'm running the A119 Mini2 front and back, great footage even at night.  Half way through the video now, just to add, Viofo also do a lens filter that improves the image and also to help with exposure, set the camera pointing down so that road ahead is just above the middle of the frame so it's used for exposure readings rather than the sky.  Finally, you are using an older (3+ years) Viofo with the older Starvis chip the newer cameras use the Starvis 2 which is much better.
Excellent review.   Have you reviewed covers for outdoor use with typical lawn equipment?
Well…just got a viofo pro 😂😂 Drive for work and my rove already saved me once. Now the wife gets the rove.
I have been wanting a dash cam, but I couldn't decide one which one. Thank you so much for another awesome video!!
My single biggest thing I want to know is how heat affects these cameras. Heat kills electronics and what happens to these cameras over a summer of being locked up in a car sitting the parking lot at work or a store ?
I have wanted a dashcam for years but couldn’t commit. Haven’t watched the video yet, however I GUARANTEE I will buy what our intelligent friend recommends!
Best beginner RTR R/C cars and trucks
Excellent work 😂❤
My favorite part of these tests is Todd pronouncing the Chinese names !
Vantrue all the way 👍👍
I was literally looking for dash cams thank God you made a video I really would like you to test some higher end ones cause I know some are in the $500 range, red tiger keeps coming up as the number one camera to buy. Yes they have different range of prices, but every single person recommends the one that’s close to $400 or $500
I had a Viofo 119 v3 and decided to upgrade to a 229 Pro for the 4k resolution. The video is, as you say, very impressive!
Viofo definitely won. I'd have ranked cool crazy a little higher just because of the darker images of the others
😅Best review ever.
I'd rather buy an older generation budget Android or iPhone and put a huge Micro SD card in it, as they will do better than most of these cameras.
Hopefully you get to dishwasher detergent sometime soon. Less expensive than others to test 😂
Am I the only one that felt like they were at the horse racetrack? lol Seriously though, this was very helpful.
The Vantrue N1 is better than the Rove 4K I replaced it with - and the Vantrue was way less money. Also, NO budget dashcam will clearly read plates unless you pay way more money for the Sony Chipset.
I literally opened YT to look for dashcam reviews and this pops up... Thank you!
hey babe, another project farm review dropped!
You have no interrest in stating what sensor they are using? that would be the best way to dig through all the bs of 4K, as anybody can take a 480p VGA sensor and then upscalled it to UHD, and clap a 4K label on.
Dang. My dash cam died a couple days ago and i just ordered a new one last night. What are the odds? At least i apparently picked 2nd place! Although the other one i was thinking about was Viofo. We'll see how long the Redtiger lasts.
I’d like to see a comparison of the Sony starvis 2 sensor in there! Maybe have another video for slightly higher end models, like the viofo a229 pro or the ventrue starvis 2 dash cam. Thanks for the great content as always!
No BlackVue seems like a miss
Thank you. I'm sure others besides me suggested this
I bought/used that VIOFO dash cam and it *never* let me down. (I've since passed the car on to my son, so he owns it now.)  It's really great to see something that I've purchased do well in one of your test lineups! 😁  Thank you! 🙏🏼👍🏼
07:47 were all dashcams mounted in the windshield at the same time?
Even a cheap dash cam can save you a lot of headache
Can you do a video on coffee grinders?
Can you do a cordless 23ga pin nailer showdown?
Can you test out kingslim brand cams?
I had 2 Viofo cameras die within a year because of the heat and sun down here in the south.  They even apparently had super capacitors instead of batteries. This would be interesting if you could test the heat tolerance.
I need to go get my eyes checked or get a new phone I couldn't read the license plate from  1 ft away
So, I watched your video at 4K on a 4K monitor and the image quality you are claiming as readable at 25ft is a pixelated mess here.  I am thinking your video compression on production must be way too low for youtube. Or you are using H.264 compression.  Seriously you should be using at least h.265 with High10 settings or even better yet AV1. for your encoding.
Thanks Todd, for doing these comparison videos, it takes a ton of money, time and work to do these. I have the V300, paid $25  on Amazon and I'm happy with it for the money I paid. Video quality seems to be the what you are paying for.
How about a SD or Micro SD card tests.  There's a bunch of fraudulent cards online and it would be nice if people would just let us know which are actually real and can give us a good deal on them.
Been running Redtiger for about 1.5 years now with no complaints. Easy to use, reliable and clear image. Might have to look into Viofo for future cameras
I love how you come up with test that are relevant to the product and real world use. Although I'm disappointed you didn't enlist the help Cousin Eddie. You should have used him for a person walking along the road at night or lurking in the bushes somewhere. I miss cousin Eddie.
THE TIMING! I was on the search for a good dash cam haha! Great video as always
Bought the Rove a couple weeks ago, wish this video came out before😢. Still not mad at the purchase.
I've been using Viofo for years - absolutley love em - glad to see they are on top! (I made good purchases)
The number of times ive had a purchase lined up and project farn releases a video about it is amazing Thank you project farm for putting in the effort that you do its counted for alot in the past few years
The Viofo is on sale for $99 currently and REDTIGER is showing $119 and has a $30 coupon that comes off at checkout.
Thank you Thank you Thank you! Saved me a ton of time on researching a product I am needing to purchase here shortly.
Resolution for detail, frame rate for reading signs at 30 mph, Low Lux for night, (A single candle light is 10 Lux, there are cameras that have Color picture at 0.0005 Lux), WDR (wide dynamic range) for making detail out of backlit scene, HLC (high light compensation) for bright lights shining into camera lens.
I absolutely love watching these reviews! No joke I have saved hundreds of dollars watching this channel. When I am about to buy something I first check if it’s been on PF first.
Great video.  Really liked the distance comparison across multiple brands.
Been using a Vantrue dashcam for years. Gave video to the police as I videoed people waiting to steal catalytic converters.
almost all of them use sony starvis
Nothing like spending the whole day in Peculiar, Missouri……. 🤷🏻‍♂️🎉
I've always wanted to know this. Thanks for taking the time to test these. Now for me to pick on from the 3 top cameras. Big Thanks.
I learned from buying cheap dash cams so went for Nextbase & got the 322GW 1080p & 60fps (wi-fi)  for quality & price overall. But it's worth getting the 5 series ie 522GW (1440p) with 120fps or the 6 series ie 622GW as that's 4k with 120fps.
I am no Dash cam pro I have  a Van true that works great,  are you planning a Pro level brand test also,?  I never heard of these brands before today.
Oh man, I was wanting a comparison to Vanture Dash Cam.
2:10 pause
Nice!  How about motorcycle cams or action cams?
Looks like they found a way to recycle webcams from 1998 as cheap dash cams :)
The fact that there is a difference in video quality is mind boggling. And that the VIOFO out did a whole bunch of them is nuts but makes sense when you see it. Yes, I would do your suggestion and put a VIOFO in the back as well. 💪💪
I've been waiting for this video!  감사합니다 프로젝트팜!
Video idea: Best water dispersing device #Songkran
You missed the two leading brands of dash cams. Brands like Thinkware are much better but then cost up to $500 so that may be too rich for what you are doing.  Vantrue is a camera that is the choice of professional cab drivers and many Uber and Lyft drivers. It shows both the interior of the car as well as the front view.  I have a Thinkware in my car I purchased 5 years ago and it works much better than any in your testing here, but then again it was a lot more expensive back then.
Any thing that is not using USB C is an automatic no. I can't believe some were still using Mini USB connection
I'm consistently impressed with your detailed and insightful reviews.  Somehow you always seem to know when I'm thinking about buying something - I was just looking at dashcams online yesterday!  Thank you as always for your terrific channel.
Great job. Thanks
I have been running a VIOFO A129 Pro Duo 4K Dual Dash Cam since November 2020, I live in northern Illinois.  Only twice the dashcam has had a hiccup, and it's on 24/7, except in the rare occasion when the low battery cutoff kicks in.
great respect for your process and for the clarity of your information!!  I have owned a. viofo for several years and have been very happy!
OMG THIS WAS ONE OF MY SUGGESTION!!😱😱😱. Project Farm is a hero we all don't deserve!
I would have love to see some of the garmin ones in there. I'm looking at buying one of those right now.
Blackvue? One of the most expensive but really nice. Maybe next time.
18:17 This is a "You get what you pay for" test. I got a Blackview a decade ago. There are some great dash-cams out now, but you have to pay $200-$400 for a good one that will show plate numbers  in a crash, at night at 70 MPH.  You don't  need a screen. What are you gonna do? Watch your driving videos? Hopefully, you'll NEVER have to watch a video.
Glad you did not run theses tests near a school. " I am calling report an old van constantly driving in the same area, day snd night " 😅
Do mirror dash cams next. I have a wolfbox g900 pro that i purchased but was disappointed with the headlight glare from the rear cameras at night. From what i see headlight glare is the biggest problem with most mirror dashcams
That was pretty crazy to me... Seems to me that none of those cameras that advertise 4K actually does it.  Seems to me like a lot of fake advertising mumbo jumbo.   To have 4K you need a minimum of a 9mp camera and you would need to replace those cards almost right away there's no way you would be able to record much with a 32gb card.
Viofo is good quality but has a serious issue, if the gps drops out which happens in city’s or bushy areas it loses that recording timeframe. Not sure if mines faulty or they’re all like that though
these Chinese companies sure are creative with the names they use to market to the USA and the west.  I don't even know what they are going for, just some names that sound English to them....
Surprised I didn't see my Vantrue cameras tested. Those are really good too.
I've been running Viofo A119s in my cars since the very first versions came out. Once they solved the spring-pin issue with the version 1s, they have been bulletproof and dependable ever since with version 2 and version 3.  I've never been in a crash with one, but I have gotten some people out of their part of insurance claims witnessing crashes. I also turn pretty much every feature off and have it wired up to just come on with my accessory and go off with the keys. That's all I really need! Just a silent observer.  I also found out that when the car is off, I can plug in straight to the dash cam from my phone and it'll power the dash cam up even when it's connected to the GPS mount that is hardwired to the car. Makes getting clips off super easy.
Nice video Todd! I was literally watching dash cam videos last night for no particular reason and Viofo kept coming up as the best. Clearly you confirmed that. Can you do a lawn mower deck undercoat comparison video and/or a weed killer comparison video.
there is no garmin? why
I’ve bought 3 VIOFO a119 minis  at this point for my vehicles and for a family member and they’ve been fantastic. Especially with the wiring kit so that it doesn’t need to be plugged into the cigarette lighter the whole time
Redtiger F7N series missing from this, clunky software but amazing camera quality for sub $120
"..costs 8 dollars more and is performing about 99 cents better" 💀😂😂
Future test suggestion : bench top drill presses. Test for runout, accuracy, ease of use.
I can confirm, had the Viofo for 2 years now, on two different vehicles and the video quality is excellent!
I am just amazed at how far tech has come in dashcams. Thanks for the education PF. I just might have an ides for you Sir. How about doing a farm security system video for protection of vandalism. ?? I have read that cattle rustling is on the major comeback. Peace vf
Suggestion for the next test: license plate visibility at night, forwards and rearwards. This test reveals that a STARVIS 2 sensor is mandatory in a dashcam.   Although I confess that the performance of the Coolcrazy makes me curious what sensor it uses. It looks like STARVIS 2, but they don't advertise that fact.
one parameter left out of this test was temperature... where i live it gets into the 100s in summer and down into the 10s Fahrenheit in winter.
Viofo's Sales about to blow up for sure! :) - on another note, I would have loved this even more if there is one well known expensive brand. but this is more than enough for us peasants anyway :)
Yeah Viofo is probably one of the best cameras you can get out there. Their customer service is a bit lacking but the product holds up well.
That awkward moment when your purchase shows up, and you just pray it doesn’t get roasted
Thank you!  AI couldn't do it better. )  I was about to buy one, but lost in the numerous choices.
I bet you got some interesting looks out on the road with a bunch of cameras on the windshield haha
Great video. It would have been interesting to see the 70MAI brand here too.
Thanks like always❤
I couldnt watch this because you didnt include the best dash cam brand, Blackvue which uses Sony optics and they are made in Korea. Most dash cams are pure chinese shit.
I always buy VIOFO. The Starvis sensor makes the difference. Just got a new truck and purchased the VIOFO mini 2 and the ND filter. It also uses a super capacitor which is superior in hot environments. 👍🏻👍🏻
VERY HELPFUL! This was the one we've waited for. Thank you!
I've been using Viofo since 2021 and it's been solid
i own 2 viofos for past 4 years - good quality.
$3.09 in  Northern Michigan
Since there are several VIOFO models, the one tested here is the VIOFO A119 V3.
I use the Blackvue front and rear dashcam and it's amazing. It's a DR750X Dual channel. It's 1080P 60fps.
Thank you so much for this.
Damn was hoping to see the 70MAI pro plus+ A500S in this list. been using it for a while now and pretty happy with it
DOD is the cam for me.  Made in Taiwan!
$2.69/gal very impressive!
This video is even better than LTT's one!
Dang Todd is going back to the future!!!  Thank you for the testing!
Viofo has been my choice for years now, upgraded from the A119 to the A229 2 days shy of a year ago. Happy with the performance of the previous and current product. Any dash cam is better than no dash cam.
Why no mention of thinkware or other mainstream dash cam companies versus all these budget off brand?
The redtiger's performance is really good. The viofo seems to be applying a whole lot oft "sharpening", the redtiger looks much more natural.
Thank you, Your timing in impeccable! I’m in the market for one of these dash cams for my teen Daughter hitting the rode now.
Not having a Garmin in the test is like having a circular saw test and not including a Dewalt.
Really like this.  Would love to see you review rear view dashcam mirrors! Mine is unusable at night due to glare, which I wasn’t expecting.
Nice video. Was just thinking of buying one. You read my mind!??
FYI AliExpress has VioFo for $72.28
Todd, you never fail to impress with your testing methods, how thoroughly you evaluate everything that comes under your purview.  You are indeed the gold standard, everything and everyone else pales in comparison.  Well done!
This video was Made in China, or reviewing Dash Cams from China, not sure which.
you know at first I was confused as to why I was seeing the same vehicles in each separate dashcam footage, then I realized you must have had ever single cam on your windshield at the same time 😅  Also you didn't test any Nexar dash cams. that's what I have and I've been very happy with its performance even only being 1080p
Your comparisons are much clearer than the cameras. With today's AI and lens technology, I was expecting so much better from all of them.
i wonder how an older used cell phone with one of the dashcam apps works compared to a dedicated dash cam. i feel like a 5 year old samsung phone has a better sensor than one of those cameras
if you do another you should add a garmin dash
I've Bought Many Dash Cams!  NEVER HEARD OF THESE CAMERAS!   How About Demo Brand Names? Like, MINOLTA?Ect.....
Excellent testing!
Just ordered 2, thank you!
The only problem I have with the VIOFO is that it uses a sticky pad to stick to the window. In the heat I have here, they lose their ability to stick after time and leave a gooey mess on the window. I'd probably have to "settle" for the REDTIGER with the suction cup. Thanks for this! I have a ROVE that I've had for a couple of years, and was disappointed with the clarity, but it seemed the best at the time. I'm glad to see it did relatively decent.
Haven't started the video but I can already say the only ones worth buying have the Sony Starvis 2 sensors.
Thank you for doing dash cams. I was in an accident last year and my insurance is fighting to prove my innocence. If I would have had a dash cam I wouldn’t have any problems proving my innocence. I have been looking at them to decide which one to get for my and my wife’s vehicles. Thank you!!
Wow, absolute mad man you did the dash cam video! 😮 Thanks so much sir!
Glad I purchased my Viofo before PF review because now they’re gonna be sold out!
LINUS tech tips did something similar but just by looking at the components info he concluded they all suck since they are made with the same stuff. Dont quote me though, check the video.
I’ve been using the Viofo for a few years now and I’m very satisfied. However, the automatic impact recording sometimes gets triggered by loud, bass-heavy music, so I decided to disable it. Apart from that, I can highly recommend it.
Thanks for the excellent review! Another vital feature is how well a dash cam can capture license plates moving through the frame at 30-40 mph a lane or two away. That's been a serious shortcoming on my current dash cam when I've been in or near accidents. If the shutter speed is too low, or the sensor's integration time is too long, or the video compression isn't optimized for it, you can get just a useless blur.
Thanks for that mind boggling information!!
I was rear ended by a commercial truck and when I mentioned I had a front and rear dash cam any discussion of who was at fault stopped. You could see the other driver looking around and did not focus on my truck stopped until he hit me. It was a Viofo BTW. Well worth the money if/when you need it.
I hadn't heard of Wolfbox until I started looking at iverlanding gear. The wolfbox G900 rear view mirror replacement wascwhat everyone was grabbing
I have several different brands over the years I have stuck with Viofo. Price for performance they are the best. You can buy better performing cameras for higher prices but they are unlikely to make a huge difference, and are better suited to commecial use.
Thanks . I've been thinking about getting a dash cam. This video is very informative.
Viofo makes a 4k camera at $299 at Amazon. Upgraded sensor would blow this whole competition out the window!  🤣  VIOFO A229 Pro 4K HDR Dash Cam, Dual STARVIS 2 IMX678 IMX675, 4K+2K Front and Rear Car Camera, 5GHz WiFi GPS, Night Vision 2.0, 24H Parking Mode, Support 512GB Max.   If you can afford the upgrade, it's worth the $185 more.
I bought a Rove Dash Camera last year for my car, and its performance has been great so far. I did buy the upgraded lens cover for it, and that helped with glare.
What would have been interesting to know is if any of them can be powered with a USB cord versus the Cigarette adapter. Some modern cars have more USB ports available and only 1 lighter source, so if you wish to use something like a larger GPS (which I do for travel), you either have to use a splitter or come up with another option.
Great video Todd. I really appreciate the time you must have spent to make this. Keep up the good work.
Viofo looks by far the best 👍 I got a 4k version that’s otherwise similar and very happy with the result.
if you play video at half speed this dude''s voice sounds normal
Thank you.
Viofo also has a capacitor instead of a battery. Great for those hot days when some dashcams burst into flames.
Can you please test Walkie Talkie.that would be Greate . Thank you
Please do motorcycles ones as well x
Only PF, Who else has the patience setting up 11 cameras and drive the same route to show unbiased data, our hats off to you Sir !
Linus Tech did a great, informative dashcam video. Summation, all'em use the same chips. If you prefer higher resolution, you lose refresh rate and things read more blurry. And vice-versa. I'm probably inaccurate, but watch for yourself cuz it's give and take.
Dash cam just died and was looking to get another. What even is this magic?!
Why not include some of the most common mainstream dash cams like Garmin and Thinkware?
Ive been using the Viofo A129 for a few years. Other than an error with an sd card, its been flawless.  I download the card twice a year, just check it,and always clear video,front and rear cams.
Great video, very useful. I appreciate the effort.
We have the model of the VIOFO that comes with the rear Camera. This video made me feel so much better about our camera choice!  Thanks again for another amazing video 😊!
I didn't go low priced on either of the systems for the 2 vehicles I regularly drive, and get really good video out of them, but at a pretty hefty price tag. Especially in the work van, I consider this very important for the protection.  Sunset directly into the lens is pretty challenging for any digital sensor, I am pretty impressed with a couple of the cameras you tested here.  Questions: Did you mount all of these in the window at the same time and test them all at once to removed any lighting change variables? It does look like that.  Also, were they all mounted either above or below the AS1 line on the window? That top part has some tinting to it.   If one is just looking for a dash cam to CYA in an accident, does not need to be a great image, just "understandable" which seems to be the case with all of these, so if you are a person who wants one just to prove who is at fault in an accident, any of these will server you well.  If you have a bigger budget and want video to share on your favorite "horrible drivers" facebook page, BlackVue is a great choice!
I wish you had Garmin and a few others in the test. It seems that the truckers who have dashcam crash videos often use garmin. I know you can't test everything
15:19 "Performing about 99 cents better", lol.   Now if Project Farm could only do a comparison of lawyers to go with those dash cams!
Did the redtiger come with a free crack on the left side of the screen?
Speaking about cameras. Do you ever plan on doing a doorbell camera review in the future?
Steam cleaners would be great!
Wow! I am always amazed by the amount of effort you put in to each of your videos, the research, planning, setup, testing, capturing the results, comparing, editing, trying to unpack as much useful info as yo can in as little time as possible. Thank you!  If you don't mind me asking, how much time roughly did it take to get this one out?  I bought the viofo after watching the Linus Tech Tips you tube channel, I never got to know why it was the best, till I watched this video.
YES! Thank you for making this video
I made it about 5 mins in and i was thinking to myself, "these all look like crap" before i realized i needed to adjust YouTubes video quality lol. Was watching in 480.
I kept seeing this same car pass by my house with a mannequin in the passenger seat , now I know why.
I have an older VIOFO and have been researching current dash cameras.  I am wondering why you did not test a couple of the more popular brands like Blackvue which I m leaning towards and also Thinkwear which is also quite popular?
Great video. Thank you. Been debating one for a while.  I had an idea. I know you did all different water bottles a while back. I was wondering how any of them would be with all the mix pouches these days. So many flavor and hydration type packs these days, and have a good bit of salt in them. I was wondering if it would eat at the bottles at all. I bought the SS Iron Flask, but not sure if it'll be good with salts.
Great video. Did you happen to test battery drain for the 24 hour cameras?
I just installed the Rove last week. Haven't finished the video yet. Fingers crossed
It is clear that some of the manufacturers are simply lying about resolution. At best, it looks like they are upscaling substandard sensors. Viofo has been around for a long time though and is known to understate performance against the majority of them, and I would trust that as the best solution barring any tests out of the box.
Why did you only pick the garbage brands? No Garmin, Nextbase etc?
Thank you for this video!
A dash cam has saved the day not just for me, but for others who were involved in crashes in nearby lanes. Almost bought the Viofo last year, but ended up getting the 70Mai A800S-1 and the 4k front camera is so good, I save the scenic videos to my phone while on vacation. If you ever do a follow-up review, would love to see the Viofo compared to the 70Mai A800S-1.
Thanks for all the work that goes into your reviews, very objective and unbiased.  If you do a follow up, please include FitCamX.  They make 4K dashcams with an OEM-like housing that looks built-in for many car models.  That is the one I am considering
You get what you pay for. You are better off spending a couple hundred dollars more than buy garbage like these.
Thank you for this! Looking at the footage of my old dashcam, it was getting to be time for a new one. This makes it easy to sort out.
Excellent as usual.wish youreviewed the GPS performance.
How do you decide on what brands you test? Garmin is a well known brand among dash cams and wish you had included it with the others.
One problem is that some of these cameras, my Rexing and Garmin will glitch and the file will be corrupted.  Hope I don't get in an accident during those three minutes.
Thank you. I've been on the market for a dash cam. Viofo did the best
Great video! $2.69 for unleaded?  We are paying $4.39.
Where are the real brands like Garmin or Cobra?
Excellent set of tests. Thank you!
Great information! Viofo kicked ass
My VIOFO 229 Pro was easy enough to mount and run the wires partly because I already knew how to remove part of the trim and headliner, partly because the rear cam wire disappeared when poked into the soft trim from the front to the back, and partly due to the fact that I had already run aux power straight from the battery to under the dash.  I spent more for my cam as there are too many vids on youtube showing people pulling trailers and large trucks targeting them for check braking accidents and then trying to blame the heavy vehicle for hitting them. If you have the money it is cheap insurance hoping that you never have to use the footage. If you are a bad driver you might want to think again as the police can obtain the footage and your dash cam can tell on you in a bad way.
Suggestion: next topic best compact or mini fan 😊
Just want to say THANK YOU for analyzing these dash cams! You just put all the results at our fingers tips!!! Soooo informative!!!!!
Amazing review, as usual!! Thank you!
Would have been nice to see a durability test. Maybe with a paint shaker & a hotbox, to simulate vibration & heat.  i haven't had a camera last more than a year, and I don't drive much, but park outside.
Great video, but wish you had included some others that I was looking at like the multiple Vantrue cameras and the  upper end VIOFOs like the A229 and A329.
Imagine seeing a guy drove down the road with 10 dash cams on his 1993 suburban driving down the road
Choose the power converter for "hardwired"  wisely. Don't buy a cheap one. They cut out and the dash cam goes off while driving and you have to power cycle the ignition to get it back on.  I have had to replace one a few times which is a pain after all the trim removal and wire runs. I don't like having it plugged into the cigarette lighter. Hardwired allows for parking mode also which is nice. I am on my 3rd converter now and it just started to flake out on me so I am going to build my own. Found plans online and will order an ICB for it.
Vava 2K (~$100.) I used 3 of them, very good.    Now its all the  WolfBox G900 Pro.
The best test I've seen for dash cams. Definitely makes choosing one very easy. The cameras that have brighter exposure are definitely the best.
Perfect  timing . Thanks again for the reviews
It's one of the best released videos recently. I'm going on a non-stop 30 hour trip in this is amazing.
I have a Viofo in all my vehicles. In the camera settings, you can adjust the frame rate to 60fps and adjust the bitrate, which will improve the video quality even further. Thanks for all the excellent, unbiased reviews!
these are better than GoPro at low light LOL
Rexing is a pretty good brand. Was hoping to see one Rexing in the mix.
I've had a Rove R2 for several years and have been thoroughly pleased with it. Thankfully I've never needed it for any accidents, but it has caught some pretty cool/interesting scenarios which are always fun to look back on. For my needs, its been a great option. Thank you PF for another great review and comparison video!
AFAIK the viofo a119 mini 2 is a better choice over the  v3  edit: that rove has a lot of sharpening applied to the video.
Man.... Just happened to buy a few of the RedTigers yesterday because they are on sale.... looks like I made a good choice, but LOVE these videos. I feel like the dashcam market is full of snakeoil and is very confusing to the consumer.
This video is great timing. I got a dashcam for Christmas that stopped working after a few weeks so i'm in the market for a new one. Great video as always!
Another great review. Hope you’re not paying for all that stuff!
What state is the license plate from?
Don't buy anything Chinese.
With the number of insurance scammers on the road, and the un-insured drivers, a dash cam is a MUST-HAVE.  I started with the VIOFO 119, and now have the 139PRO, for the past few years.  It has outstanding performance and clarity.  Don't wait until after an accident to get a dash cam; get it NOW.
As a Floridian I’d cry if gas was only $2.69 a gallon
I've been waiting for someone credible to do a dash cam video.
Another great video.  Thank you.
This was a really good one for me. I've been thinking about getting one since I've just started doordashing in my spare time. Now I've got a good idea of what to get. 👍😀
Thanks again as always! Just picked up the Viofo for $99 from your link! I’ve been eyeing dash cameras for probably 10 years and just can never decide what to buy, bought this within minutes of this video being posted. In ProjectFarm We Trust!
Great job! I appreciate your hard work! You have helped me make many buying decisions! God bless.
This is great but how does it compare with GoPro and DJI?
You should include thermal tests if you test dashcams again. One thing that can kill poor quality dashcams is sitting in a hot/freezing car
Linus Tech Tips also made a pretty good dash cam video and had very similar results
i love the works of ProjectFarm
🙂👍
Anything that makes you install an invasive app to operate, is an instant avoid.
Good video but I'm surprised you didnt include Garmin or Rexing.
I have Viofo A129 Duos in all my cars and those of my parents. My brother and his wife too.  Protect yourself folks and get something.  Sis n law already had hers pay dividends and prove not at fault.  Take care.  -U10
Oh man this is awesome. I've been waiting to buy a dash cam and just didn't know which one to get. Viofo it is.
what do you think of xiaomi 70mai's A510 and A810 dash cams? They also have sony starvis 2 and similarly priced to viofo and redtiger, thanks.
Thanks for posting this, I was hoping you review dash cams since I need to replace an old one that doesn't stay hooked up to the suction cup and has a scratch on the lens, I love your reviews on products it helps me decide what brand I should buy. Thanks
Ty Ozzie Great Vid God Bless
On the subject of dash cams, how about a review of trail cams?
LOL. This is the test that results in an injury?
good call with dash cams, NOW DO ROUTER BITS
I have used the VIOFO for near 13 years and have no regrets, the best part of the VIOFO is they use a super capacitor and not a battery, and when you live in hot areas, a battery will die in less than 1 season.
I have 2 VIOFO front facing cameras. Installed one in the front and one in the rear. Don’t bother with getting the DUO set up. Picture quality isn’t as good in my opinion. I’ve had my cameras for 5 years now without issue.
Great review as always. I've owned a few different dash cams and came across VIOFO a couple of years ago. I put the A139 Pro in both of my vehicles and have been very happy with them. Twice now, I've been involved in collisions and the dash cam footage has been very helpful. Insurance companies love it because the video is an independent third party witness. People are generally very unreliable when it comes to providing eye-witness testimony to police or insurance companies. 10 people can see the same event and have 10 different versions of what happened. The video shows what actually happened. I especially like having both front and rear facing cameras, as well as parking mode which many dash cams have now. In today's world, you have to have video evidence in order to protect yourself from scammers and liars.
Decent hdr makes a massive difference in low light performance along with a good sensor. I purchased a viofo a119 v2 in 2018 at Techmoan's suggestion, it still performs very well years later. I should test and see if it's worth getting the newer model or not. The competition seems rather lacking.
thanks for sharing
I'd stay away from any alphabet soup amazon brand products, you get what you pay for.
Should really give the Garmin and the cobra dash cams a try. I have both and they are far better then the ones tested today, however they are definitely higher priced then all of these as well
ok i dont feel too bad, because i bought the red tiger cam. I wanted the rear camera too
Buy once, cry once. I used 3 or 4 other brands of dash cams and they were all terrible and didn't last in Texas heat. The viofo a129 duo has been the best investment by far.
I use Nextbase cameras in our vehicles. Expensive, but clear 4K, and the app has telemetry data. Not only GPS speed but X and Y axis G force as well. I've had three of them so far. Full disclosure, they were all sent to me for free to review. However, I've been sent other brands to review as well, and I haven't found any other brands that match their quality.   Regardless, even a cheap $20 dashcam is better than nothing! My first dashcam was a $20 no-name from Amazon. A girl came across my front bumper and basically did the PIT maneuver on herself. Her insurance claimed I came into her lane. I asked for an email to send the dashcam footage. They immediately accepted fault and asked what body shop I wanted to use. Even with somewhat subpar quality, it was clearly visible that I never moved from the center of my lane and she came across me. Invest in one, even if it's only a cheap one.
It's sad that only Chinese make dash cams
You really killed it with this one Todd! I think you missed some middle-rangers like some cams from DDPai (I use a Z40 as my daily driver), but in the end the result would be the same: Viofo ftw!
WOW.  About 6 months ago, I was looking to buy one of these.  I watched, at minimum, 30 different reviewers of DashCams.  What I came away with, with about 3 days of research, was this.  VIOFO was the WINNER.  AS USUAL, PROJECT FARM also comes to that conclusion.  Amazing.  There are A LOT of YouTubers that just review DASHCAMS.  I have watched A LOT of them, but most of them GET THE PRODUCT FOR FREE, so I believe NOTHING.  PF doesn't do that, so I give it more weight, AS SHOULD YOU.  PLS use his LINK, this was A LOT OF WORK.  Trust me, I know.
I went with a viofo about 2 years ago.  Glad they are  moving past the competition. Great video as always
I own two Viofos, I use one as a front and one as a rear. I suggest buy a high quality SD card, I use Samsung High Endurance. Thankfully I haven’t had an accident to find it necessary to use them as evidence, however it does give me peace of mind knowing I do have them. I have had them for 4-5 years. There are other more expensive cameras which are better, however for the money my research showed Viofo was the way to go. If you can afford $200+ per camera those brands might be the way to go.
Great comparison but the VIOFO A229 Plus Dash is out and even better. Love it!
If there's one thing missing here, it's an old smartphone with a good camera as a replacement for a dash cam. In my humble opinion, this is a worthy replacement with great performance.
Awesome video.  Curious if the higher end cameras.  Ones you'd find at brick & mortars are any better?  Most seem to be in the $150-400 range.   That would be a great part 2 to this.  Thank you!
"There's nothing on the camera lens of the Miden, it really just looks that bad". Haha.  Couldn't have said it in a better and clearer way! :D
As always... I appreciate watching your videos with NO SPONSORED content. You must be one of few that still do this. It is bad enough for the viewer to suffer through YouTube adds without having to listen to more sponsered content from the host. 🤟
Testing Security Camera Quality too would be really good, i like this !, Poor man in the parking with is truck, getting to park several time just for you to make this video, thats a joke btw :P
Do you have a video on insulated screwdrivers (for electrical purposes)?
As usual, a thorough review that provides unbiased information to consumers to help in making an informed decision when making a purchase.  Excellent job!
I have a Viofo A129 Plus in my car and I'm very happy with the image quality even though it's not 4k. One thing I was disappointed with was the power supply (the one you hardwire into the car) - i went through 3 of them. One was constantly switching into parking mode even while driving, the second one had a faulty cable (intermittent connection issues), the third time was the charm ;) Maybe just bad luck.
I have no idea where you live, but it looks peaceful and fuel is 80 cents per gallon cheaper😮
Folks, notice: in the driveby test, the same truck is approaching.  PF tested all the cameras simultaneously to ensure they would really experience identical circumstances for the truest possible results.
What about testing for best fog lights? And please do LED vs Incandescent lights.  And please factor in snowing conditions. Cause I like LED lights but they don't give off enough heat like Incandescent lights to melt snow off lights in snowing weather.
Finally, now I know which brand to get thanks @Project Farm. By the way, VIOFO offered a 2 and 3 camera options (Front, Rear and/or Cabin).
The names of these cams 😂 E-yeeger, cool crazy and ovaman
I'd had a couple different viofo cameras, and would definitely recommend them!
You’re awesome for actually reading and listening to the comments 10/10 videos as always 😃
viofo about to put these other brands out of business
Viofo does have a version that includes a rear camera; that's the one I have. The GPS unit that's integrated into the mounting plate died on mine, however you can use the same cable to bypass the GPS unit and plug into the camera directly. Other than that, it's been fine. I will say the app/wifi connection sucks, so either take the SD out and plug it into your computer or get a usbc sd card reader to use with your phone if you want to download footage.
Would have loved if Nextbase dash cams were compared.
Thanks for your hardwork!
Wow, great review!
As an Insurance Agent Manager... I always recommend a dash cam for my clients. Too many hit and runs lately. I have the Vantru Pro 4. Its amazing.
A thumb was hurt on the filming of this video.    Great review as always!!
There have been multiple reports of Viofo dash cams failing at the exact moment you need it the most - during an accident. Youtuber Vortex Radar has a video about this happening when his wife got into an accident and I've seen others make the same claim other places online.
I was just about to order a new dashcam this week. Very nice timing.
were you driving around with 30,000 dash cams? :L
It's becoming a bit creepy how fortuitous the timing of recent videos has been. We've been waiting for a review of dash cams and feel confident which one to purchase. Thank you again.
"Very Impressive"
Awesome!  Great video as always!
Dang if the 3 generation old viofo A119 won, just imagine how the newer A229 pro/plus or newest A329 model would do with the starvis 2 sensor.
I am sad that Garmin was not included on this list it is all just Chinese crap
I punched the VIOFO 4k HDR Dash Cam.  I am very happy with it
I just have all Garmin dash cams in all my vehicles.  Thanks for the nice video reviews👍
Great job Thank you
My Corvette is armed with a dashcam, a radar detector and a laser jammer. The dashcam is a Nextbase, mediocre at best. I just ordered a Viofo. Thanks.
I have owned the exact model of the RedTiger (F7NP) for over a year now and i'm super happy. Having more features (rear cam and GPS included) gave it the edge over the Viofo for me. After installation it just does it duty quietly and I really don't think about it much.  Also shows, that the 2K-footage from Viofo is most of the time better than the highly compresses 4K-footage.
If you live near a city. Or the people suck at driving. You need one. I needed this video so hard. I appreciate you so much.   Let me say it again. I love this channel. And I appreciate you so f word ing much
You tested a very old version of the Viofo A119.  The A119 V3 is 4 years older than the A119 Mini 2. The Mini 2 uses a STARVIS 2 image sensor which is a big upgrade over the STARVIS sensor in the V3. And yet the V3 you tested still easily came out on top!  Very Impressive!
Thank You
Thanks for the effort you put into these Todd. Personally I thought this was one of the best reviews for a while. Very impressive
thank you for your work brother, Could you test some phone holders  for us? I am in a market for one and don t wanna buy rubbush
Why no Blackview?
Love how your expanding out more and testing other products besides tools. It makes your work more greater 🎉
Nothing on Garmin?
Are all of these tests done at the same time? Per test?
Interesting results. LTT did a dashcam test a while back and they also declared a Viofo dashcam as the winner. It was a different model than you tested - which is actually nice if Viofo can perform well across their range of dashcams rather than having one particular model that works.
I have the viofo in 3 of our vehicles. I can't recommend it enough.
I bought a cheap dashcam on Temu. The specs were good and the image isn't bad. It connects to my phone via wi-fi. Every few minutes it says it's disconnected, then immediately reconnects and announces that. It's also not very apparent how to save video. All in all, I'm not happy with it. What I was hoping to see in this video was a review of the user interfaces for the various cameras. From what I've seen on some YouTube videos, some cameras, like the Garmin, you can control with your voice. That seems to me to be the most convenient. Is there a good clear manual with the Viofo?
Most excellent and thorough review. Thanks.
Iv been using the brand Vantrue for about 10 years, and currently have the E2 model in 4 cars, im going to have to see how it compares to the VIOFO
Great report thanks.
Would love to see thinkware added if you do a v2 of dashcams.
Tried many dashcams. Comparing video quality and price Viofo  is the best. I have A139 Pro - even better model than in this video.
For around the same price, you can get a viofo with the improved starvis 2 sensor. It’s the mini 2
Have VSYSTO (Shenzhen) for my motorcycle -- micro SD instantly plays on Windows laptop. Rove R2-4K PRO seems to need their App to play? Am I doing something wrong?  VSYSTO front & rear system does pretty good job IMHO
Your reviews are as great as your voice is grating! lol
All the dashcams i have ever used except for ProvisionUSA have corrupted memory card within 1 month.  Can you do a long term term on them after having them working for extended use?
Feeling pretty good about grabbing the Viofo 229 with an $80 off coupon last month, thanks for the reviews!
Presuming that one is a sensible driver, I strongly suggest only purchasing a dashcam that is gps equipped. That way, should you be involved in a crash and have the other driver blaming you for whatever reason they are pulling out of their b̶u̶t̶t̶ hat, even when they are clearly at fault, you have proof of your speed, direction, and force of impact
The Viofo isn't a 4k camera. It's a QHD camera, or 2560x1440. 4k is 3840x2160. It does seem like a great cam.
cool vid thx
The one video i was waiting for the most
Bought the Viofo a year ago, never looked back.  Truly the best sub $120 cam
Perfect timing bought the viofo on sale for $99 with your link.
i bet your neighbors were really wondering why you kept driving by their house over and over.
I've had my viofo for several years now and it has worked great. Glad to see your testing confirmed my choice. Thanks.
Yay, the one I was waiting for! I bought a RedTiger F8 recently and it's excellent. In the UK the price differential between RedTiger and Viofo is quite a bit more - RedTiger maybe 2/3 the price of Viofo.
Missing Vantrue.
I use Vantrue N4, I was hoping to see it in your review, it is a little pricey though. Good stuff!
Finally a review on dashcams I can actually trust. Thank u!!
Dash cams can save you thousands of dollars. I just had jury duty for a case that would NOT have gone to trial if the defendant had a dash cam. People also lie a lot. Who ran their light? Who crossed into the other persons lane? The dash cam wont lie but people do when they are in the wrong. A dash cam is cheaper than insurance going up.
Thanks for this! ❤ from central Florida 🌴🇺🇸 - Any device that doesn’t use USB C power is a non starter for me.
Rear license plate (tag) camera test would be great.
Thanks for the info thinking of getting a dash cam
Thanks so much for doing a review on these!
I've had the Viofo A129 (same as what Todd tested, but dual channel) in my wife and I's cars. I'm not surprised it won. It's a great dash cam.
My 5 year old Viofo front and rear camera has worked great for years. I would suggest it to anyone, however if you want one wait for Christmas sales. Last year they were half off. I would also suggest the previous model if price is the issue. If you have a problem with another car read their plate out loud in case the camera has difficulty your sound will record the plate. Also if you have a newer vehicle that has the battery saver function and cuts all power a few minutes after you stop your engine you'd need a battery pack to use parking mode. Battery packs are more expensive than most dashcams so be warned.
I've been using an older version of the Viofo (under a different brand name but otherwise identical) for several years. I'm always pleasantly surprised when it keeps coming out on top in tests like this. I keep expecting it to be dethroned eventually, but it keeps stacking up.
Your the hero that Gotham needs, but not the one it deserves
Great job PF, I never would have thought about car cams. You provide wonderful information on all your videos. One of the best products I purchased was the Motor Coat. I love it. I also purchased the EGO leaf blower. Amazing product. Thanks bud.
Always validating when the product I bought finishes high on your list.
Where’s Garmin?
This was a test I never expected!!! Todd once again gives us exactly what we didn't know we needed. It's such a litigious society and it never hurts to cover your tail. All you need is one undeserved citation or one motivated insurance scammer to completely justify this type of security in your second biggest purchase.
My VIOFO dashcam still remains as one of the best purchases I've made in my life. I feel so much more comfortable on the road, especially driving in a city with some of the worst rated drivers in the country.
I am jealous, you got to pull all the clear plastic off.
I use the Viofo for years and I searched allot for a better one. But it is still the best by far for the use case of a dash cam.
I love you so much, every time I need to buy something I have to ask myself "Did Todd review this category?" and I've been looking into dashcams recently and this popped up, Viofo better compensate you at this rate lol
You are the BEST and appreciate your reviews!!! The complexity of your testing is unbelievable!!! Thank YOU!!!
I have a wolfbox digital rear view mirror I had some issues with condensation build up when it was real cold and their customer service is top notch
I was just looking to buy a dashcam yesterday.. I'm glad i waited!
You obviously drove to the southwest United States to record with the Miden, we all know everything is sepia toned down there
Battery powered water pumps vs the old had pump would be a good video.  Milwaukee makes a decent one we use for irrigation at work.
Wow, very impressive test. That must have been one crazy looking test rig to have had that many cameras mounted on your dash and all running simultaneously. Nice work!
I just got a new car last week! What a great time for Project Farm to do this video! Thank you!
Viofo, BlackVue, and Thinkware are the cornerstones of dashcams if money allows.   Personally, I run a BlackVue DR970X Plus 2CH LTE connected on Verizon and I’d never look back. I also have the B130x battery for parking mode.
Why are Chinese companies so terrible at naming things?
Unleaded $2.69/gal?!?!  Gas is insanely high in CA.  Just filled up at Costco reg unleaded $4.16/gal... saw Chevron $4.65/gal.
If you notice shinia has horrible names! Shinia should pay you for reviewing their crap ! Thanks for the testing of pr(o) ducks😂
"...cost 8 dollars more and performing about 99 cents better." LOL Great line!
My dashcam bit the dust yesterday, thank you for showing replacement options, timing is spectacular.
Thanks again for another informative, unbiased review Todd! New video request: Automotive car covers that claim to offer protection from hail damage. As a resident of the US Midwest and peak storm season fast approaching, I think this review subject would be especially relative right about now!
It's definitely best to stick to one of the major dashcam brands like Viofo, Blackvue, etc.  Image quality is key, but you also need it to hold up over the extreme temp cycles it experiences while mounted on your windshield over time and most importantly, it needs to be 100% reliable and function when you need it most (i.e. during an accident).  Cheaper cameras may not be built as well (e.g., bad solder joints, boards, etc.), so I'm willing to pay the extra for piece of mind.
Just checked the Viofo on Amazon and that’s the camera that caught that viral insurance fraud video last year!  I love your videos, but that’s all I need lol. Mic drop moment for Viofo
Where can you get a coupon?
That's Peculiar!  lol.
70mai imo is the best overall
Looooooove my Viofo A119 V3.  It's great "out of the box" but there are adjustments too... Once everything is dialed in, it's insanely clear ! 😁  Mine's set to make 5 minutes clips so it's easier to find things...  You need a big SD card tho, at 1GB per 5 minutes... 😆
Test cameras with GPS the next time.  Knowing the location and speed can be crucial. Garmin may be a leader here.
Passing drivers looking at all the dash cams in the car 👁️👄👁️ lol
Great review.  I've used the Rove R2-4K for a couple of years and if you're going to shoot any of these at 4k, make sure you buy  the largest memory card that the camera supports.  Data is huge and most of these cameras will overwrite the oldest clips as the card is filled.  Rove supports up to a 512GB card.
Dang. I bought the wrong camera.
I’m not supplying the evidence to be used in my inevitable (provoked) road rage case
The only straight to the point channel in YouTube 👍
oh sure, put this out a few days after i buy one... lol
How about ones made in usa ?
I would love to see you test electric pressure washers. I've purchased a couple from Amazon (and returned) because they obviously don't put out the advertised pressure.
This time it was a 2 hr VGG ‘75 ford video that I dropped to come see which ________ is the best, though I don’t need one.  (Sorry Dereck). I’ll finish your video later.
I love this channel! Radiator fans would be a great thing to check. Prices vary largely and performance numbers are always exaggerating.
you make such useful videos everytime. Saving me so much money
I bought two Red Tiger dashcams about a year ago. One for my Volvo station wagon and the other for my Suburban. Running the cable for the rear facing camera is kind of a challenge, snaking it over the roof liner, then drilling holes in the tailgate hatch to run the cables through. Good to know I bought a highly rated dashcam. I haven't had any incidents yet, but if Big Foot walked across the road while I'm driving it's good to know I have proof that I saw him!
Did you check the regional settings on the Miden? It might've been set for Mexico, judging by the persistent tint. ;)
This was awesome. I have heard most dashcams use the same sensor (and upscale to 4K). it looks like you have found at least one that might use a better sensor.  I wonder if there are price spikes after you recommend a product.  Love your videos... thankyou for making them.
Suggestion: compare over the counter hearing aids.
Get a GoPro instead...
I had pruveeo and it would have gaps in recording due to overheating. Got a different cam.
I have had a few VIOFO dual cameras. Overall happy with them. The biggest problem with all the dash cams, is downloading them to your phone. Even over 5G it's slow. I have a MicroSD reader in my vehicles, that I can plug into the phone to transfer the data faster if I am not at a computer, that I can plug into the phone to transfer the data faster.
Who knew these cameras had such different qualities with similar prices?
now i can buy a dashcam with a peace of mind
As always Project Farm is  the gold standard no matter what he selects to review.  A lot of work for him, but certainly fun and informative for his subscribers.  Thanks for what you do.
I had an accident a bit earlier this winter and submitted my Viofo dashcam footage as evidence that helped me immensely. SOLID picture/video and the ability to set up parking mode (with an additional power hookup) is great too, not surprised it came out on top!
Dude. Your content just gets better and better. The work that goes into these videos is insane. Big love ×
I had a total loss bad accident with a viofo a119 that has a cracked screen but it still works. Still use it till this day. Im planning on getting their a229 next.
❤
Another thumbs up for the Viofo. I have run one for about three years with 100% reliability.
Good review. I hate to complain, but I would like to see higher quality and price range options. I want a camera but won't buy budget models.
I have the VIOFO and overall love it. BUT there is a known issue with it corrupting memory cards. Which require a full wipe on a computer if that happens.
Love the Back to the Future reference 👌
How did you pick which ones to buy? was there a budget? Why not Nextbase or Vantrue N4?
I'm looking forward to this one. I need 3. 1 for my Mini Cooper Countryman, my Dodge Cummins, and my wife's Kia Sportage.
I wish you would have added a Garmin
I didn't see Black Vue as an option
The camera is important but the power supply for it is also essential, I just bought a power supply for my dash cam, not using the power from the cigarette lighter but using the power from the OBD-II port, which can provide continuous power overnight even when the car is locked.
You save people so much money with every video it's crazy. Thank you for that
Going on 3 years with my VioFo A129 Pro Duo.  Front & Rear.  Did tons of research before choosing and I know I made the best choice.  Your video proves it.  I know there are other non-knockoff brands, but I was impressed with the video quality and still am. I assume you did the tests with the cameras straight out of the boxes?  No quality adjustments?
I got a Viofo a119 mini 2 and can fully recommend it. Easy set up, great quality, lots of functions and even a mobile app where you can access the footage!
Can we get a welding pliers and locking pliers (vicegrip) test?
I have the VIOFO and it does work good, but trying to retrieve the footage is a nightmare. Also have to wait till you have a computer or card reader.
viofo is clean
What happens to the products tested in these videos? Do you ever sell them?
FYI the VIOFO has rear camera models
and the question is, which one survives toasting under the sun.
Should I get one? Let's find out
This was an eye opener for me. Great video, as all your videos are! You are by far the best reviewer on the internet.
A grainy video on the camera 😯
I've had 2 generations of StreetGuardian brand dashcams that are identical in design and function to the VIOFO. Both are still working today. My latest one includes a rear camera also. If you want more than 1 video channel and the quality of VIOFO, I suggest looking into StreetGuardian.
I was wondering if cousin Ed was gonna show a full moon during the review. 😂  perfect timing as I am looking into purchasing a dash cam.
I have been using the redtiger for about a year now and it's still working like new, thanks to your testing I feel like I made a good buy.
Great review. Thanks a lot. Very helpful.
its about time ive seen comparisons on dash cams. thank you project farm 👍
Omg thank you for this !
Always dropping fire 🔥
I think this is awesome that you have all the outside driver perform the exact same turns on each test. Wait what’s that, he had all 11 on the windshield at the same time to make sure all lighting was equal? Well alrighty then, great testing procedures. 👍
The rear facing camera may not have been tested but it's not very fair to rank them entirely irrespective of whether they have a rear camera.  The VIOFO is ONE camera; the Wolfbox is three.
Pruveeo is 100% garbage
I've bought at least 5 Viofos so far, and have put them in each of our family's cars as well as in some friends. If you are willing to spend a bit more, you can get the Viofo A129 which comes with a rear camera.
Please review construction jacks if you get the time. DeWalt, Irvin, and others make them.
Suggested video: Cooling pillows.   There is very little useful, data driven information out there regarding actual effects of various materials and the longevity of the "cooling effect" each product provides.
I care less about Ks and more about when it just spontaneously stops working after 2 months OR requires installing an app which requires creating an account which require sharing all of my personal info.
Thanks for such an in-depth review of these cameras!
the viofo a119 is the industry standard based on all of the research i have done, its a good confirmation to see that it also comes in at the top of your testing
Great as always 👌
I've been wanting to get a dashcam for several months but didn't know how to compare them all. Thank you for this video!
Absolute best channel for real world product testing comparisons!!!!
I am mostly happy with my VIOFO, I don't have an issue with its image quality day or not, just some features I wish it had built-in, such as a short term battery and cell network connectivity. That way if anyone smashed in and ripped out the camera, it could report that footage.  I had one called a OWL before, but the company had some weird issues and went under then came back but I had lost interest in them during that time. But it offered those features.
Great video! I would love to see a woodchipper comparison!!
Summers kill or summer skill
Were the Miden tests performed in Mexico by chance😂
Thank you.  I was thinking about buying two.
i wish you tried the Vantrue dash cams, i find them to be quite good.
The Rove has a separate lens filter you can buy that cuts out sun and windshield glare.
Just bought my first car 2 weeks ago and was wishing there was someone I could trust to help me buy a Dash Cam - Lo and Behold, my prayers are now answered
Message recieved.  Viofo wins by a landslide, get 4, one for each side. :)
Another cool video as always. On a similar topic, would it be possible to compare go pro cameras at a later date? Definitely interested in the 360 cameras.
Viofo has a really good product lineup and has really good reviews from vortex radar channel as well. It's a really good brand.   I wish there was a video on dash cams on the higher-end models. Including the new 360° dash  cam from vantrue.
Thank you.
Excellent stuff! Viofo here I come
I bought a viofo a couple of years ago and it was well worth installing. A guy reversed into me at a pedestrian crossing. Of course he said I drove into him. Without the video I'd have been paying for the damages.
SUGGESTION: best dashcam under $350. I know they are MUCH better
I got a cheap avylet one from Amazon works amazing wifi connects and I can see the vids on my phone picture is pretty clear
I'm shocked that Viofo came out on top. I've had mine for years and have never been impressed by it. Also think the cost should have considered up to $300
Just got that viofo from Amazon including overnight shipping for $95.  Thanks, I've been holding off on a new dash cam hoping you'd make a video  Edit: already jumped to 99.99
Thanks for this review.  I've been mulling over getting a dashcam for a while, but just don't trust the ratings on merchant websites.
Thanks - bought the Viofo before they are sold out on Amazon!
As a professional driver I need unquestioned reliability and quality. Garmin is by far my choice.
👍😎🍺🍩🛠️🗜️
Been thinking about getting this!
Suggested Video: Dishwasher safe scissors I bought the sharpest ones on a previous video but the dishwasher ruined them.
The problem is have with this guy is that he's way to easy to binge watch.   I don't know how often you read these comments, but I have to say you really have my respect and appreciation.   I was head of R&D for a major gate operator manufacturing company (that's a very long and super exciting story and no it wasn't Doorking or Liftmaster) and part of my job was testing designs against competition and no we didn't use expensive labs. End users didn't have gates in lab environments.  :) we tested things exactly like you do.   If you ever test gate machines or want to drop me a reply here or on one of my videos.  Boy do I have stories you'd love. Or atleast some creative testing solutions I used you could appreciate :)
Great test, only complain is the 70mai A810 not being included, I have that dashcam and it's amazing
Thanks brother.. Always great information.
Vanture n4 pro is better than all of these
Now hurry and buy the viofo before they up their price lmfao
no garmin sir? should def have garmin to compare!
I have the apeman C450A Dash Cam 1080P, cost $47.99 im happy with it not the best but for my use it does the job.  And great video as usual 👍😃
Thanks For the Reviews Sir , 🤙🏾
Either that house hates that the same SUV is driving past over and over, or they just saw an SUV go past with a windshield full of dash cams. Either way, greaat job, might be getting a new dash cam now :)
2 of our dash cams stopped working upon impact and didn't record both car accidents. It's not just about the quality of camara.  Don't remember the brands, but we're very well-known and high ratings
Afinal qual a melhor ❓❓❓
I've been utilizing a Viofo A129 Duo Plus for a couple of years now, and I will say it's a very solid unit.
No Vantrue?
Could we get webcams would love that one
Very important! You should test damaged sd card in dashcam to know what warnings there are!!!!!! Choose dashcam that has permanent sound warning if sd card is damaged "for example viofo"! Nothing worse than having accident and only then realizing you haven't recorded anything becaude sd card got damaged god knows how long ago!!! Second best quality video always better than no video at all!!! Also after accident NEVER tell other side you got dashcam before cops arive and they have already told their "truth"!!!
Can it read license plates in day and night is what matters
NICE! ive had the viofo for 4 years now. glad its still doing well in the comparison tests
Linus Tech Tips made this exact video 2 years ago. All tested were too poor to catch a license plate. The solution was to get a GoPro as well
Great timing. I’m considering upgrading my current Roav DashCam since the internal battery is basically dead.
Thanks!
That mini usb hurts my brain
The "CoolCrazy" is applying an insane amount of sharpening during recording.. somewhat inflating it's perceived sharpness compared to others. Something that should be left purely for post-processing and is a bit sneaky in a roundup of tests compared to others...
This is exactly the video I need. Thanks again for the comparison. Great Video. 👍
Thanks 4 UR tests
Last year i purchased the VIOFO 229 and it was the best purchase i could've made. i drove around 50mph with oncoming traffic also at ~50mph after sunset and it captured their licence plate perfectly readable. it's quite pricy but worth it imo
This is one of the best channels on YouTube. Thanks for all you do.
Finally something that I'm really interested in! I must go now so I can watch :)
No starvis2 dash cam in the test sample? Starvis2 is a big step up from starvis1 specially for dynamic range, in motion sharpness and night time clarity
Video suggestions  Reflective tape  Trail cameras Flir cameras  Night vision cameras
I love seeing real world tests on dash cams. Thank you, Todd for adding more to the lineup and the various tests. Additional tests can be microphone inside and outside the car, and testing rear (car cabin) video.
😎👍
Nexar classic is all you need ✌🏻
Much needed review - thank you!!!
2 video ideas. Best brake fluids, I've been using the Castrol SRF on my personal cars and the ATE type 200 original on the rest of the family's cars. Would be interesting what's a good daily driver brake fluid.   Also I'd like to see the expensive  dash cameras get included. Like the viofo a229 pro and 329, the blackvue, and maybe the wolfbox g900 rear view mirror integrated dash camera.
Man, of course you identified the things that matter for the tests. Big props!
Why do you always review a bunch of chinese amazon junk instead of some other quality brands? Would've been nice to see some higher quality products in the test too.
If you pull 100 dash cams apart you'll find only six camera sensors  makes and models between all of them.  But even then if you compare all of the dash cameras that use the highest quality best sensor you'll still have a lot of difference between the devices when reviewing the footage. Finding a dash cam with a good sensor is only half the battle. The board that the cameras plugged into and the disc it's being saved to etc etc matter just as much as the sensor taking the picture.
For anyone new to dashcams, Viofo has been the standard for years.  Don't overthink it, just make sure to get something because most people will lie after a collision occurs...and don't tell them you have a camera.  Models with a capacitor are hardier than ones with a battery.
Ohhh. Now this will be interesting😮
Can you actually do some reviews of some name brand cameras like thinkware and blackvue, garmin?
by so far the best youtube channel in internet world
Thank you for that ❤
The second camera is required not desired. The front shows your movements. The back shows the idiots that crash
we need more people like you!
Viofo cams are what I use.
Best after market back up camera?  Just a suggestion
PF stepped it up.  Not only tools and heaters.  Now he's doing hi fidelity content.  Well done sir.
I was hoping you'd do this one, thanks!
nice to see another trusted reviewer review dash cams
I have been really happy with my A119. Took a few weeks playing with settings to get the right combination of low light, and frame rate for where I live and when I drive, but the end result has been fantastic.  I picked mine based on watching Dashcam nation, and noting what logo was on the better recordings, nice to get an engineered test comparing options.
Please make a part 2 with more cameras!
Where 70mai a800s?
Get a dashcam EVERYONE NOW
It’s a good day when you show up 1 minute after the upload
Buying cheap dash cams is a waste of money.
I have a viofo 229 pro 4k and it's awesome
When's the Band Aid review coming?
dont give China any more money
i bought a Wolfbox G900(backup camera) wich also functions as a Dashcam, im quite happy with it. however ive not tested it like you
These are for the 85% of people that think they are better than the average driver.  And these provide just as much ammo for the person you hope to prosecute with it.  All of it is ‘discoverable’ and will demonstrate to any defense attorney worth their salt that you regularly speed, roll right on red, follow too closely, and don’t come to a complete stop. Bet.
Been waiting for this one
Jeez....posted 6 minutes ago, over 3,200 views.  Wait...3,400....wait... Congratulations on all the success, and thanks for all the fantastic content. 7 minutes...4,300... *edit* - As I go through this, I find your rating system interesting.  1 is good, 5 is bad?  So if you were making movies, that old Bo Derek film (very dated reference) would have been called "1"
Could you do a band-aid comparison next =D
Perfect timing! I just received a new Red Tiger F7NP.  I will not tear the wrapping until I watch this entire video.  Thank you!
I have the VIOFO and it is great! Just make sure you use the right SD card (Sandisk Max Endurance) to ensure it keeps working on the longer term.
I just started doing deliveries in my personal car so this is perfect! Thank you!
just in time for me
Very impressive 🤙🏽 But most people are looking at these brands nowdays: Garmin Thinkweare  Viafo Blackvue  Rexing Vantrue
I just searched for project farm dash cam. Talk about timeing!
Excited to see how viofo performs, love their dashcams.
Oh man, I've been looking forward to this one!
Been waiting for this one ❤️❤️❤️
Oooo. Cool video idea. Thanks Todd!
Sure didn't expect a dashcam smackdown on PF. Well done!
Thank you to everyone who requested the review on dash cams! I thought that all dash cams would really disappoint, but I was wrong! Here’s the list of dash cams, and there’s more information in the video description. Fortunately, there are some good options available. Please keep suggesting video ideas, and thank you for all of the support! Best regards, Todd VIOFO: https://amzn.to/4bL620V REDTIGER: https://amzn.to/3FiJgS7 COOLCRAZY: https://amzn.to/3XL04r0 Wolfbox: https://amzn.to/3R0ikcb ROVE R2: https://amzn.to/4hs11vm PRUVEEO: https://amzn.to/41YEqSK ARIFAYZ: https://amzn.to/3Fxencs OVAMAN: https://amzn.to/3DwJPqS V300: https://amzn.to/3FiJAQP Miden: https://amzn.to/41K3NX2 E-YEEGER: https://amzn.to/3FpHj6j
Awesome video, I’ve been thinking about buying a dash camera! Thanks for posting!
I'm still not convinced that Project Farm gives independent reviews, and isn't engaged in some type of quid pro quo type arrangement.
The first one has a free Charlie Brown teacher simulator
Getting closer and closer to a ProjectFarm phone case comparison... :D
Wow, you are literally going out of your way for these unbiased and rigorous tests! A big thanks from the PF community
I needed this video today thank you ❤🎉
Amazing as usual project farm. Best reviewer out there.
0:38 *absolute trash quality audio plays* "and the v300 is made in china" yeah... that kinda gave it away xD
Did he just call me a E-YEEGER
I've been looking for dashcams for awhile, but haven't found a trustworth reviewer. Thank you for making this video.
Right after I bought a new one too 😅 Got a Rove, guess we'll see how it does 😊
2:32 careful with that pronunciation.
YESSSSSSSS
My cheap dash cam is rubbish My 322 nextbase is ok, front and rear but a bit limited in the image My 522 nextbase though is excellent in every way, front and rear  Great clear footage, GPS, tracking, bump recording, everything I need Only downside is 128gb card and the not so great robustness  But I've got 3 and one broke in 6 years so...
Was just looking into dash cams just a couple days ago....This couldn't have come at a better time!!!! Project farm rocks!!!!
Oh, snap. Project Farm about to pivot into being the best tech reviewer now!! Have we run out of tools to test??
What great timing for me, I just started looking into them. Way too many close calls on the interstate this winter.
I was about to buy 3 dash cam's, this video is perfect, thank you!
I was literally looking into this a day ago😭😭😭
Ty for sharing
This video has me hyped,  I hope by the end of it I'm ready to buy
Now test more tape measures. Can the Stanley Fatmax beat the Klein Tools?
Everyone should own a dashcam.  They are cheap insurance.
This is 100% needed with all the crazy makes that have come out recently.  Thanks for this!
I dash as fast as i could when PF upload a new video!
I had a car accident 2 months ago and I wish I had a dash cam, this will help a lot when I get a new car.  You the man Todd!
Was shopping around for one this week! Perfect timing!
Thanks for this! I've held off on buying a dash cam because they all get hyped, but look cheap.
Pure goodness.
hello!
This is what i'm talking about! I've looked at so many videos trying to decide and now that PF is dropping a video on the subject I will finally be able to make a clear unbiased decision.
Project farmers review tech!!! Did not see that coming at all 😂😂 this channel has come a long way
Do the clickbait titles help? Just curious
Thank you for this video 👍
Wake up PF has uploaded 😊
Dashing to make the first comment📸
Did not even watch yet but i know its a amazing video!!
Hello there! Have a great sunday!🙌🏼🙌🏼
Thanks for your great videos
Not the first, but its always wise to have a dashcam in the first place!
Say it ain't so...
First
First to like!
Top video as always
First comment!
Hello 👋
Suggested video: LIQUID ELECTRICAL TAPE. Example brands: Star Brite, Gardner Bender, Permatex, Calterm, Dorman... heat / cold resistance, waterproof, conductivity test...
Alright !
1st
Good day everyone!!!
